Do you want to hear the most annoying sound in the world?
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio, the Monty Talk, and then some.
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain hot monkey sex.
Just kidding.
Orange Lounge will not contain hot monkey sex.
In this episode... Hey, any balls down there?
That's the biggest bear you ever seen, Jingleberry.
What's your favorite sex?
Showgirls.
Absolutely frightful.
What's yours?
There are no stupid questions, just stupid people.
Don't torture yourself.
That's my job.
Now's the time our sprockets bend me dogs!
I'll get you, my pretty, and your little dog, too.
I know Kung Fu.
I'm sorry, but all questions must be submitted in writing.
Why did they have to take the word gang?
Nobody expects a Spanish exposition!
It's Kendo.
Kendo!
DarkSakura, Sky, Loki, Orange Lounge Radio,
We are live and this is episode number 23 for December the 8th of 2002.
But actually, we're taping the show a day early on December 7th of 2002 because we've all decided to go out and get a life this Sunday night.
Because we can.
Because we can.
We have to clean.
You get to clean.
Joy, joy.
Thank you for watching!
You know we're better as DarkSakura.
And in that corner, it is our tech massa, Loki.
Hey, everybody.
And we have with us tonight in the studio, nobody else.
There's nobody else here because... They're playing Animal Crossing like addicts.
Brad and Irene are out in the front, but they're playing Animal Crossing because they suck.
Yeah.
Quit hitting people with thug nets and get in here.
We're doing a show.
Pitfalls.
Don't forget the pitfalls.
We'll be talking to everybody a bit more later.
First, we're going to take a quick break.
We're going to do a bunch of poppin' music songs this break.
Won't that be fun?
Any other opening thoughts from you kids?
I just made a treble clef with a microphone cord.
That's special.
Thank you.
Also on tonight's show, the usual talk of nothing, and a new game.
We'll be doing a new game tonight.
That'll be fun.
And I don't know what else.
So enjoy this opening.
I have no idea how we're going to go three hours tonight, but we'll make it.
We'll manage somehow.
Thank you guys for listening.
We're going to do some pop-up music stuff, and we'll be right back.
This is all from Pop-Up Music 6.
So especially the pop-up music club that wrote us a letter a couple weeks back saying we need to play more pop-up music.
That'll make a Matthew.
Oh, hello, Irene.
If anyone wants to go Rocky, maybe even in SoCal.
Tonight.
How can we get there tonight?
That would be fun.
I'm sorry, I'm being talked to on the phone.
I think now is a very good time to go to break.
What do you guys think?
Yes.
Alright, break!
Thanks for watching!
Thanks for watching!
Thanks for watching!
Hiho, Kermit the Frog here, informing you that today's broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio is brought to you by the letter B, the letter A, and the number 59.
Can you tell me how to get, how to get to Sesame Street?
Hello, boys and girls, you're...
Hello!
No, we don't want another song yet.
Oh, that's what I get for having the thing on repeat.
My bad, my bad.
But I hope you enjoyed the pre-show that we did tonight of all the Beatmania 6th mix music.
It was super.
So, how you kids doing tonight?
I'm fine.
Yes, we're extra special on a Saturday tonight for no real good reason.
No, I mean, we're not going to be here tomorrow night, so we had to do the show sometime.
And when we tend to pre-tape the shows at another location, well, that's just too much work for me.
This is much easier.
I'd have been stupid on a Saturday night like anywhere, like Golfland or Scandi.
You have all these kids around.
Oh my God, it would have been nuts.
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
Why do you have the microphone?
What are you doing?
It's like, go away.
I hate kids.
I really do.
We should sacrifice them to the Dark Lord.
Jamie's especially evil tonight.
Yeah, I went over to Golfland the other day to play some games and there really wasn't anything to play because 5Key was broken, Guitar Freaks was broken, 4th Plus was broken.
This is the sound of me putting my finger down my throat in honor of RVGL.
Yes, but of course, those of you out there listening that aren't from this area have no idea what we're talking about, but it just gets really frustrating when you have all these Bomani games at your local arcade and none of them work.
None of them.
We should send copies of the show to Steve and say, this is the bad press that we're giving you.
Fix it.
He'd probably just ignore it like everything else we've given him.
I'm going to go improve the laser tag.
Okay, let's see.
First, start by making the guns not look like a giant wad of crap wrapped around with electrical tape a thousand times.
They can improve it by making it a QZAR.
Damn right they could.
I'd play it if it was QZAR.
But it's not, so I don't touch it, or go near it, or even think about it.
QZAR is kind of like the supreme of laser tag guns.
There is no other.
There can be only one.
There is only one, because they keep closing the fucking centers down.
I don't know.
There's like one in Concord, and that was like the closest one.
Then there's one in San Fran, I think, and then there's some down south.
Pleasanton?
Oh, Pleasanton.
Yeah, Pleasanton, you know.
They've got one.
I haven't been there in a while.
So, how was your week?
What did you do this week, Jamie?
I worked.
Yay.
And then what?
What did you do in the night time?
I sat in front of my computer.
Oh, we're going to get to that with part of my fight for the week.
I didn't do crap all weekend.
I hung out with people.
Which you did today.
You went and saw Harry Potter again.
I went and saw Harry Potter for the fourth time.
Yes, indeed.
And was it just as good as it was the first time?
Oh, yes.
I need to see it again four more times.
Seriously, I will go see that movie as often as I can before it's out of the theater.
The only movie I ever saw more than twice in the theater, well, besides Rocky Horror, because you see that every week, Moulin Rouge, I saw three times.
I saw Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles four times.
Yes, indeed.
That's so old.
I need to get that on DVD.
I saw Bill and Ted twice.
Well, Bill and Ted's Bogus Journey.
I saw that twice.
Cool.
And I saw Wrath of Khan twice during its original run in the theater.
Wow.
Neat.
At a theater that burned down.
Smells like burning.
And how was your week, Loki?
Um, I worked.
Well, I guess you could call it working.
I was on the computer downloading shit, as usual.
But this time I was downloading places.
What the hell's that noise?
I don't know, my computer farted, just ignore it.
Thanks for watching!
So I was downloading PlayStation Utilities to attempt to hack a DDR Max 2 disc.
This was a short-lived attempt, seeing as I... This is the one you yacked about a couple weeks ago, about how you're going to have the ultimate DDR mix, but no... Too tough.
It wasn't too tough as I know jack about programming.
Kind of you need to know how to hack something to be able to hack a DDR Max 2 machine.
But since I don't know how to do that, that's obviously not going to work.
All I have to say is there's some weird shit in there.
I mean, the way they do things on the Max 2 disks doesn't make any sense.
and I don't know why they do it because they have like for instance the banners for the songs and everything.
They have them stored in there three times.
They have the executable for Max 2 stored in there about 19 times and then they have like a copy of the actual card that it flashes once.
I was like, why store all this excess data?
I can't find the backgrounds.
I'm not even going to look anymore because I'm just fed up with it.
I'm tired.
Not worth it.
The videos, I know where the videos are.
I know where the music is.
I can't decode it worth shit, so I said forget it.
I just don't care.
No illegal mixes from Loki.
No, nothing.
You know, if it's going to ever come down to it, I'll just buy a machine and run my sim on it.
It's going to be a hundred times easier to maintain and work.
You're just going to have to buy the giant metal pads and just do it that way.
Because really, actually, I was looking at it, there is a limit to how many songs you can put on there because it actually stores a lot of the data on the flash card itself, and the flash card is only 32 megs.
I'm sure you could probably cram more stuff on there, but it looked pretty full as it was.
That's why I'm thinking after Xtreme comes out, they're going to do something else the way they store stuff on there, because there's no way that they're going to be able to fit anything else on Xtreme, because it's all stuck on that stupid flashcard.
It's pretty dumb, because all the graphics are on that stupid flashcard.
Yeah, I'm in the chat room right now, and EOSFBB agrees that you should just put a computer with a SIM inside a DDR cabinet.
If you do want to join our chat room, by the way, just go to our website, orangelounge.skie.cx, and then click on chat, and it tells you how to do it right there.
Of course, since we're taping a day early this week, if you go in there on Sunday night, well, there's still quite a few people in there listening to this for the first time on Sunday night, because people are just used to that.
Brad, tell me about your week.
You're over there in the corner.
What's going on?
What's up?
What's up, my brother?
I have a job now.
You have a job now.
Congratulations.
Yay.
Isn't that fun?
Everybody enjoys that.
No, but I get money now, so that's always good.
Money's good.
What do you spend all your money on?
Rent, bills.
I saw you digging through the couch for tokens the other day.
That was pretty sad.
Fuck you.
No, I gamble for tokens.
We play poker for tokens.
What else did you do this week?
Did you do anything fun?
See any good movies?
Go out and do anything fun?
Go play any DDR?
No, I played Guitar Freaks.
Guitar Freaks is broken now, I hear.
No, but I just saw Harry Potter, too.
That was pretty good.
Harry Potter!
I played Metroid Prime yesterday.
That was good.
Nothing really.
See, I have no life.
I just work.
I wanted to buy Metroid Prime today, but I'm holding off.
You should buy it.
Well, I have a gift card at Target that'll give me money off, so I figured I'll just use my gift card.
Yeah, that's the next best GameCube game you should get.
I want games.
I give you games.
Now that I have some money, I can go buy games.
Jamie's reaching for my mic.
I can lend you games.
Ooh!
Definitely.
Cool.
You can borrow Luigi's Banshan.
Hooray.
I heard that game sucks.
It's actually kind of neat.
If you like puzzling, you know, little puzzles to solve.
I wish they put out a version of DDR on the GameCube, actually.
I kind of have this secret desire for DDR on the GameCube.
I don't know why.
I just think it would be, like, overly cutesy and fun.
Like, oha, but cool.
Well, Oha's cool, but Oha only has like seven songs on it.
So they need to do like a 70 song DDR Oha for GameCube.
You and that damn parrot!
Um, I can lend you monkey ball.
You can lend me monkey balls?
Yeah.
That's okay, I was in here eating nuts.
This conversation has turned dreadfully perverted.
We have no idea what we're going to be talking about tonight.
So wait, I came in late.
I know this is going to be boring for everybody else.
That's alright.
Did Matt get a, he got the flashcard finally, or what?
You were looking at the flashcard?
He's basically given up on the sim.
He got, he obtained super secret copies of the Max 2 discs.
Oh.
and was able to look at them and then thought, God, this really sucks.
This is hard to hack, so fuck it.
Maybe we should enlist a certain person whose name starts with R-I and ends with a C-K.
He's good with programming and coding, and you can look at it.
Yeah, I'm serious.
What do you think, Matt?
Did you give it a try?
I don't care whatever.
He just gave up.
I just don't give a crap anymore.
I mean, I did get something good out of it that I already kind of had.
I got high-res banners for everything that's in Max 2.
I mean, Max 2 and all the old songs.
So I have super high-res banners now for that, which is kind of cool.
And, um, I did find out a little bit how Max 2 works, but I really just don't care.
Now, the person that gave me the disc said he had some friends in places that know how to do this kind of cracking stuff and said he was going to give it to them and let them, you know, go at it.
But, I mean, I haven't heard of anything.
I'll have to ask him and see if he's going to do that.
Because if he did that and they figured it out, then yeah, I could go ahead and do it.
But, right now... Stop it.
Oops.
Stop that.
Just now.
Anyways, aside from trying to get that thing to work, I was watching Taken all week long.
I'm talking into a squirrel's penis.
That was not in studio right now, which is everybody.
The bush baby has a big black... Jamie's playing with a microphone to make it look like the ferret has a penis, and it's really wrong, and it's just kind of sitting there limp.
And Jamie's screaming, oh my god, it has a big black penis.
You guys are weird.
This is an interesting episode of Orange Lounge already, I can tell.
It's just as much of a train wreck as our other pre-taped shows, what can you say?
We just don't have the magic when it's not Sunday.
It's not my fault they didn't do anything to the Monty community.
Everyone's freaking lazy and shopping instead.
Oh yeah, out shopping.
All their fault.
Which, by the way, is going to tie into our listless topic tonight.
But, uh, yeah, stuff did happen, it's just, you know, minor stuff.
What, stupid stuff?
Yeah, stupid stuff.
Some stupid news that doesn't apply to anyone here in the United States.
Euromix2, they finally figured out the speed modifier code because the retards at Konami of Europe or whatever decided, hey, you know what?
Putting in a menu where you can select options is so not European.
Let's just have it where you just do the nice little arrow combinations on the pad and that way you can get codes that way.
So they didn't really tell them what the codes were, you know, for speed modifiers.
They knew they were there, they just couldn't access them.
And finally someone figured out what it is, and now they have, like, you know, 1.5 speed and 2 speed like we have over here, which is retarded.
Stupid Europeans, you know, what can I say?
Hey now, be nice.
A rogue was just going to tell you the same thing, they figured out the Euromix speed codes today.
So, almost beat you to it if there wasn't that delay.
Oh my gosh, Jamie has a hole in her crotch.
No, I think it happened when I got snagged when I was getting out of the car.
My car.
Think of it this way, easy access.
Okay, it's on the front by the zipper, okay?
Not anywhere near low enough.
This means that I gotta go buy new jeans.
People give me money.
I got a penny.
So do I. That's it.
What was I taking up a collection for?
We were at a party, a small little party last night, and I remember I was taking up a collection for something, and I got a penny.
We need the dead baby fund.
What?
Dead baby fund?
What?
You're gross.
Like Kobe, it is... Never mind.
You're... Oh my god, you are awful.
That's an inside joke we're going to tell off there.
No, I'm sorry.
I'm in a semi-foul mood.
Which is perfect for radio.
Why is this?
Why are you in a foul mood?
None of anyone's business.
I'm allowed.
I'm a chick.
Are you PMSing?
No.
Are you pregnant?
No!
Oh, thank God.
I got the ferret thrown at me.
No.
Well, I can understand.
She's got a hole in her jeans, pretty soon to be bigger, you know, you never know.
Are you building an interocitor in there?
No!
I don't know that reference.
I didn't see it.
Are you boys playing nice in there?
No!
Are you building an interocitor?
No!
Let's see.
Let's go to the mailbag.
Why don't I do that?
Let's open up the mailbag.
Hello, kitty.
Hello, kitty.
I'm going to play some moha next break because the chatroom demands it.
Hi.
And now the ferret will entertain.
Hold on.
I'm going to our mailbag.
Stop looking at DDR Freak.
I don't go to that noob site.
What are you talking about?
There's a couple FUs in here.
We'll do those later.
Oh, here's one.
Oh, I do have an email to read.
What do you know?
Let's get the email reading music, shall we?
Hunting for music.
Hunting for music.
Here, I will read a page out of Harry Potter.
Hunting for music.
I will read a page out of this book.
Oh, are you going to read a page out of Harry Potter?
Not really.
Oh, okay.
Because seeing as how I sat here during the pre-show and read the whole book.
Alright, here we go, here we go.
We've got an email.
And it's from the OMGPMTHPSOGTHP Network.
Word.
And it reads as follows.
Loki should have his own show where he sets fire to the French.
Damn those French.
They annoy me so with their Frenchness.
Your show rocks.
We here at the OMG PMT HPS OGTHP Network are very pleased.
We will continue to show support to your show and we'll sacrifice one virgin every week so that we may hear you play Instant Love again.
Play Instant Love, you must.
We demand it or Kung Fu Squirrels will rain upon you.
Thank you.
The preceded message was brought to you by the Oh My God, Please Make the Horrible Pain Stop, Oh God, the Horrible Pain Network.
I think we should give in to their demands.
That was beautiful.
Well, we just played Instant Love last week.
We know what we should do.
I don't care.
We'll play it again.
You know what we should do?
Why don't we put Instant Love in the normal rotation?
The music rotation for when we're not here.
Instant Love is special.
Are you saying that our music show's not special?
No wonder no one listens to it, because you told them that it's not special.
Special enough for the Olympics.
Hey!
Our show is special, but Instant Love is special.
Fine, we'll play Instant Love.
God.
Goddamn.
You guys are such bitches.
And that's all the email we got.
So, that's all I'm reading for you.
That's, of course, one more email than we got last week.
So, actually, no, it's not.
We did get an email.
But if you want to send us an email, go ahead and send us an email to orangeloungeradio at yahoo.com.
And sign up for our LiveJournal community.
And then sign up for the LiveJournal community.
And, like, sacrifice your balls to...
We like to be nosy and read all your journals.
Were you just strangling the squirrel-ferret thing with the mic cord?
No, the squirrel was doing it itself.
It was auto-erotic asphyxiation.
Oh my!
Excuse me!
I'm still breathing!
Okay!
That's just a nice term.
It just rolls off the tongue to say.
We're going to take a really quick break at this point and we're going to come back and we're going to play a brand new game.
You guys are weird.
Okay, we're going to take a quick break and we're going to play a brand new game.
However, I need two contestants for this game.
So we're going to take contestants from the chat room.
We're going to all be the celebrities.
Loki, you get to be a celebrity tonight.
You don't get to be a contestant, you're a celebrity.
Yay, does that mean I get here?
Okay, so, this is the question.
Okay, the first two people to private message me with the right answer to this question will get to play our new game, our new secret game.
Who was, this is going to be easy, it's easy.
Who was the artist that did the song Young Forever?
Who was the artist that did that song in 4th Mix?
First two people to PM me the answer, get to play.
Alright, so that's it, and we will be right back.
Who PM'd me the correct answer?
Huh?
Yeah, you have to PM me the correct answer.
It's a game show.
Just not an answer.
So the first two people that... Like, you can't, you know, PM... Oh, it was Bob!
And expect to play.
Yes, you have to PM me the correct answer.
Who was the artist that did Young Forever?
Because a lot of people forget some of the Dance Mania artists sometimes, so I figured that's a good one to ask you guys.
Okay, I'm going to take a quick break.
As requested by the chat room, the chat room demands it.
We're going to hear some oha.
We'll be back.
Oha!
Oha!
Oha!
The Early Bird
Hey there, it's Appointment Megaskin, warning you to listen to Orange Clown every Sunday.
Not just because it's the best eeeee money radio out there, but because if you don't, I will personally come to your house and do a nori nori nori routine.
And believe me, nobody wants to see that.
So remember, listen to Orange Realm, because I don't want to have to have anyone suffer through this.
Beautiful.
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
That was a promo sent to us by 23rd Magus.
Again, it's a little on the quiet side.
You've got to do your volume louder, nice and loud.
Just open that baby up in Gold Wave and up the volume about 500%.
Otherwise, it was beautiful.
They're getting better.
We love it.
Okay, so now we're going to play a brand new game here on Orange Lounge Radio And I have to say, this is inspired by... Jamie, do you want to talk about inspiration for this bit?
No, okay, then I'll talk about it This bit's inspired by the radio show that I used to do on Saturday nights from 6.30 to 9.30 Which is what time we're doing tonight So we thought we'd steal a bit from that show No, this is inspired by them We're going to do the Orange Lounge Match Game, ladies and gentlemen This is the Orange Lounge Match Game We have our two contestants here
The winners who knew that Rebecca was the artist that sang Young Forever EOSVB and Rogue will be our two contestants tonight So, you guys are going to PM me your answers And this is how the game is played Quite simply, we're going to read a little sentence, a little phrase We're going to tell a little story
and there'll be a blank at the end and you guys will have to fill in the blank so but what you want to do is you're going to want to match the celebrities in the studio because everybody else in the studio is going to answer the question too and we're going to have to introduce our fabulous celebrities here hold on I gotta I gotta find the music for uh introducing fabulous celebrities yes that's right everybody it's the orange lounge match game
All right, celebrity number one is the lovely, the beautiful, DarkSakura.
Wonderful celebrity number two, say hello to the rice princess, the anti-mirror woman herself, Irene.
Okay, and celebrity number three is the wonderful Techmaster Loki.
Yes, it is.
And celebrity number five can be seen in a brand new, or I'm sorry, celebrity number four.
Celebrity number four can't be yours if the price is right.
Celebrity number four can be seen in a brand new porno coming out this week.
It's called Derek Does Dallas.
It's Brad.
I'm not gay.
and the fifth celebrity is me!
You get me!
Uh-oh, one of our contestants quit the chat room.
One of our contestants ran away.
That's scary.
So we're going to have to take the next person that clocked in, which I don't know now because I closed out all the windows.
Okay, I'm taking, I believe the next person who logged in with the answer was 23rd Magus, so we're going to take him instead.
Sorry, Rogue, you lose.
All right, so now it's EOSVB and 23rd Magus.
Okay, so what you guys are going to do, you're going to private message me your answers.
Don't say them in the chat room, you guys.
Okay, here we go.
The first question.
Does everybody in the room have a pen?
Okay.
Here we go.
This is the first one.
Nelson the Newbie was so excited to be playing Dance Dance Revolution for the very first time.
He had to play the game because he'd heard that everyone else who played it was really blank.
Nelson the Newbie was so excited to be playing Dance Dance Revolution for the very first time.
He had to play the game because he'd heard that everyone else who played it was really blank.
Everybody's thinking.
I still need answers from both contestants.
Yo, answer now.
Before I poke your eye out with a spoon.
Okay.
Let's give him a little more thinking time.
No, I'm still missing one.
He's probably trying to come up with something clever.
Okay, he's clocked in.
Okay.
He had quite a little bit of an answer there.
Okay.
So let's see what the answers were.
Our contestant said, EOSVB says, Nelson the newbie was so excited to be playing Dance Dance Revolution for the very first time.
He had to play the game because he'd heard that everyone else who played it was really thin, almost to the point where they looked like they were strung out on heroin, but it was from all the cardio.
Wow.
All right.
23rd Magus' answer is...
He had to play the game because he'd heard that everyone else who played it was really popular.
Popular.
Okay, so we have popular and looked like they were strung out on heroin.
Jamie, what was your answer?
Super cool, pimpin' smooth like butter.
Super cool, pimpin' smooth like butter.
Oh, I'm sorry.
That doesn't match.
Okay.
Rice Princess, what was your answer?
Asian.
was really Asian.
Oh, I'm sorry, that doesn't match.
Loki, your answer.
Everyone that played the game was really super.
Really super.
Sorry, doesn't answer.
Doesn't match.
Brad, your answer.
Everyone else who played the game was really gay?
No, just kidding.
That's not my answer.
Greasy.
Was really greasy.
I'm sorry, that doesn't match either.
I'd bathe that.
Okay, and my answer was, he had to play the game because he'd heard that everyone else who played it was really gay.
I did put gay, actually.
So, that means it's all tied up at 0-0.
You all loser!
They're both losers so far, but that's okay.
Super loser number one!
We've got four more questions to go.
And by the way, the winner...
of tonight's competition, as their prize, will have their name displayed in lights on the website.
How's that?
And a crack pipe.
And a crack pipe.
Okay.
Yeah, you have to get your own crack pipe.
Okay, so here we go.
Here's the next question.
Alright, the next question is...
Freddy the Freestyler was the leadest freestyler in all of Florida.
He did matrix walks, bar hops, caution drops, and he even did blank.
Freddy the Freestyler was the leadest freestyler in all of Florida.
He did matrix walks, bar hops, caution drops, and he even did blank.
Here we go with a game.
Matrix walks, bar hops, caution drops, and he even did play.
I have mine.
Freddy the Freestyler was the leadest freestyle in all of Florida.
He did matrix walks, bar hops, caution drops, and he even did this.
Me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me.
Celebrities, y'all clocked in.
Yes, everybody's in?
Okay.
Let's see our answers from the contestants.
EOSVB says... He did Matrix Walks, Bar Hops, Caution Drops, and he even did Cough Drops!
Ha ha!
That's kind of like... Oh, he says Ricola!
That's kind of like what happens when you go to the doctor.
Drop them and cough.
Um...
23rd Magus says he did Matrix Walks, Bar Hops, Caution Drops, and he even did Dynamite Rave.
So let's see if either of those are a match.
Jamie, what was your answer?
He did an interpretive dance wearing a schoolgirl uniform with the upskirt cam.
An interpretive dance with the upskirt cam.
Sorry.
Irene, he did Matrix Walks, Bar Hops, Caution Drops, and he even did...
Seppuku, because he's so not innovative Seppuku, no, I'm sorry, that does not match up either Loki, what was your answer?
Pelvic thrust Pelvic thrust, very good answer, but no, no matches, sorry Brad, Freddy the Freestyler, he even did, I wanted to say knit crochet, but no, he did yoga
Oh, he did yoga.
Very good, but I'm sorry, that's not a match.
And my answer, he did matrix walks, var hops, kasha drops, and he even did the chicken dance.
I'm sorry, no matches.
The score is still tied at zero to zero.
All right.
Moving on to the next question.
I think I have new think music.
Wouldn't that be fabulous, you guys?
Yes.
Hold on.
Let me see if I got it correctly here.
Let's see.
No Animal Crossing town theme.
Damn.
Okay, new music.
Okay, next question is...
Penny the Perfect Attacker was all ready to beat Tigger Eugene in the latest tournament.
She knew she could win because she was wearing her lucky blank.
Penny the Perfect Attacker was all ready to beat Tigger Eugene in the latest tournament.
She knew she could win because she was wearing her lucky blank.
Are all the celebrities clocked in here?
I need an answer from the OSFVB, still.
This is just the same music in a different key.
Yeah, the same music in a different key.
That's all the songs were on the show.
It's always the same song.
Okay, I've got to answer.
Are all the celebrities checked in?
Yes.
Okay.
Here we go.
I'm going to read them the other way around this time.
23rd Magus says...
Penny, the perfect attacker, was all ready to beat Tigger Eugene in the latest tournament.
She knew she could win because she was wearing her lucky shoes.
Oh, a logical answer.
Will Logic win?
Who knows?
EOSFBB says, Penny, the perfect attacker, was all ready to beat Tigger Eugene in the latest tournament.
She knew she could win because she was wearing her lucky Supa Dupa Raver socks.
All I have to say to that?
I need a hug.
All right, all right.
Let's see what the celebrity said.
Okay, we got super-duper raver socks and shoes.
Pretty close.
Pretty close answers, but we shall see.
Jamie, what was your answer?
She knew she could win because she was wearing her lucky flank.
Freaking laser beam strapped to her head.
Freaking laser beam strapped to her head.
I'm sorry, that is not a match.
Irene, your answer.
Ass.
She was just wearing a lucky ass?
Yes.
Okay.
Well, we never said the celebrities were well-educated.
I'm sorry, that's not a match.
Loki, your answer, please.
She knew she could win because she was wearing her lucky... Tampon.
Her lucky tampon!
No, I'm sorry, that's not a match.
And...
Brad, your answer please.
She knew she could win because she was wearing her lucky... Strap on.
Come on.
Get it.
Get it, baby.
Yeah.
Oh, I'm sorry.
That was so close yet so far.
My answer.
Penny the Perfect Attacker was all ready to beat Tigger Eugene in the latest tournament.
She knew she could win because she was wearing her lucky panties.
None of you guessed that.
The score is still 0-0.
We were all around the pelvic area, come on.
Not me, I had a laser beam shot to our head.
Okay, you guys don't realize how perverted and sick our minds are.
Come on, listeners.
Okay, we're going to keep going.
We've got two more questions for you guys, so here's your chance to catch up.
Alright, EOSFVB versus the 23rd Magus.
Here is the next question.
Loveable Lucy loves Parapara more than any other game in the land.
She's short, Asian, cute, has big boobs, and she's also really, really blank.
Loveable Lucy loves Parapara more than any other game in the land.
She's short, Asian, cute, has big boobs, and she's also really, really blank.
I have mine.
Loveable Lucy loves Parapara more than any other game in the land.
She's short, Asian, cute, has big boobs, and she's also really, really blank.
Alright.
I'm getting some funny answers from other contestants.
We shall see.
Okay, are all the celebrities in?
Yes.
All right, as soon as the message arrives.
Okay, here we go.
I shall now read the answers from the contestants.
Lovable Lucy loves Parapara more than any other game in the land.
She's short, Asian, cute, has big boobs, and she's also really, really, 23rd Magus says, good at shaking her ass to Deluxe.
Again, a logical answer from 23rd Magus.
He's sure to lose.
EOSFEB says, Asian, cute, has big boobs, and also really, really firm.
She's also really firm.
Okay.
Let's see what our celebrity said.
Jamie.
Lovable Lucy loves Parapara more than any other game in the land.
She's short, Asian, cute, has big boobs, and she's also really, really... Addicted to speed.
Addicted to speed.
I'm sorry, that's not a match.
Irene.
Oh, well, I think she's pretty lucky if she looks like that.
I mean, there's not a lot of para-para players that look like that.
Oh, okay, so she's lucky.
Oh, that's cute.
Okay.
All right.
Loki said she's also really, really lucky.
Loose, hello?
Lovable Lucy?
Yeah, just, Lovable Lucy, now appearing on Stage B. Lovable Lucy, the Stage B. She's also really loose.
No, I'm sorry, that's not a match.
Brad, your answer.
She's short, Asian, cute, has big boobs, and she's also really, really hairy.
Outrageously so.
Hairy!
She's also hairy.
I said, lovable Lucy loves Parapara more than any other game in the land.
She's short, Asian, cute, has big boobs, and she's also really, really a guy.
Which would have matched a couple other people in the chat room, but unfortunately neither of our contestants guessed that she was a guy.
Yeah, I mean, it would have almost been a match.
Alright.
Okay, here we go.
This is the last question, guys.
It's still... Let's total the scores here.
EOSVB has zero, and 23rd Magus also has zero.
You lose.
Good day, sir.
If they are unable to get a match on this last one, we're just going to have to post on the website that they both lost.
That they're both losers.
So I suggest you get this one right.
Okay.
I'm getting mean now.
Let's go back to the first music.
Okay, that's better.
It's a better key.
Alright.
You like this key better?
Okay, here's the last question.
Bradley the Bully... Gee, Brad!
...was the best Beatmania player at the whole arcade.
But if you distracted him to talk about DDR, he'd call you a blank.
Bradley the Bully was the best Beatmania player at the whole arcade, but if you distracted him to talk about DDR, he'd call you a blank.
Everybody's thinking.
I have one contestant in.
I'm getting some funny answers from the chat room already.
I'm waiting for one from EOSFVB.
Bradley the Bully was the best Beatmania player at the whole arcade, but if you distracted him to talk about DDR, he'd call you a blank.
Okay.
Here we go.
I'm going to start with the OSFBB.
Are all the celebrities in?
No.
No, we still got one thinking.
Okay.
EOSFBB specifically stated that he's pulling to get your answer on this one.
He's trying to match you on this one.
He's trying to think... Oh, did you get it?
You in?
Is everybody in?
Loki, you in?
Okay, here we go.
Bradley the Bully was the best Beatmania player of the whole arcade, but if you distracted him to talk about DDR, he'd call you a... EOSFBB says he'd call you a propel.
What? !
Well, he said he was trying to match you.
All right.
23rd Magus says, but if you distracted him to talk about DDR, he'd call you a fag.
Heaven forbid.
All right, Jamie.
Let's see if VO said VB got that match he was hoping for.
Bradley the Bully was the best beatmania player at the whole arcade, but if you distracted him to talk about DDR, he'd call you a... Propel, wow.
No, I'm kidding.
He'd call you a blank.
He'd call you a blank.
Yes, I decided not to answer.
He'd call you a blank.
Boo!
The audience is booing Jamie.
Boo!
And I have a smiley face.
Oh.
Next!
All right, next.
He would call him a cab so he'd have a chance to get away before he beats his ass.
Ah, call him a cab.
I'm sorry, that doesn't match.
All right.
We have some funny answers from the chat room.
Jabberwocky says he'd call you later that night for a date.
or he'd call you a Michael Jackson wannabe with a nose and no baby.
And he'd call you a cheese, windmill, Carl Sagan pocket watch, ass blaster.
What an ass bandit.
A pansy ass stupid fuck.
Okay.
Let's moving on.
Moving on.
Trying to match our contestants.
We have a propel and we have a fag.
I did?
Let's moving on.
Let's moving on.
Let's moving on!
Moving on.
Okay, if you distracted him to talk about DDR, Loki, he'd call you a... Well, you know, I had two, but this was my first answer, was Fag.
Oh!
My second answer was Fiery Monkey Pirate, but... Which one are you going to go with?
I'm going with Fag.
You're going with Fag?
That was my first one.
Oh my gosh, we have a match!
Ding-ding-ding-ding-ding-ding-ding-ding!
Yay!
Okay, 23rd Magus is ahead by one.
He did get a match.
So...
Somebody had to have said Propel for EOSVB to win.
Lead me.
Okay.
Lead me out.
He'd call you a... Propel.
No, just kidding.
I, Bradley, would call him a cock-smoking clerk.
A cock-smoking clerk.
I'm sorry.
That isn't a match.
And Brad gets the Kevin Smith Award.
EOSVB wants to change his answer to Animal Crossing.
Too late.
I was about to say that, too.
I was about to say that.
Okay, my answer.
Bradley the Bully was the best Beatmania player at the whole arcade, but if you distracted him to talk about DDR, he'd call you a sacramental.
No, that's more the chibi mental.
Wow, this game was a blank.
Wow.
Alright, so our winner was 23rd Magus with a score of 0-1.
Yay!
Yay!
Congratulations.
You know what that means?
He gets to play the bonus round.
Yay!
Okay, so 23rd Magus gets to play the bonus round.
I'll be taking only 23rd Magus' question on this question.
Here we go.
This segment on Orange Lounge was really, really blank.
This segment on Orange Lounge was really, really blank.
23rd Magus gets to play the bonus round on this one.
This segment on Orange Lounge was really, really blank.
Everybody have an answer?
Okay, everybody's got an answer?
I'm just waiting for our contestant.
Okay, here we go.
The bonus round.
This segment on Orange Lounge, according to 23rd Magus, was really, really random.
Good answer.
Good logical answer.
You will probably lose.
All right.
Jamie, this segment on Orange Lounge was really, really... Random.
Random!
A match!
Very good.
Very good.
All right.
Logic prevails.
23rd Magus gets a point.
That's $100 of Monopoly money.
That you're not going to get.
That you're not going to get.
Okay, this segment on Orange Lounge was really, really... Ooh, Animal Crossing.
Ooh, Animal Crossing.
All right, Loki, this segment on Orange Lounge was really, really... A complete waste of my time.
A complete waste... It did take up a good half an hour.
It was really, really fiery-ass Monkey Pirate.
It was really fiery-ass Monkey Pirate.
Beautiful.
Brad, this segment on Orange Lounge was really, really... Cunt shit, colic balls, ass dick, fucker... Colic balls?
This segment on Orange Lounge was really, really colic balls.
I have colitis.
And my answer was, this segment on Orange Lounge was really, really propel.
Some people in the chatroom got it.
Oh, well.
So 23rd Magus won $100 of Monopoly money.
I'll buy him some Propel.
So congratulations.
Oh, he's going to get some Propel.
And I'll beat him with the variant.
All right.
Congratulations.
Thank you, you guys.
We're going to take a quick break, and we'll come back to talk about some more Beemani stuff.
In the meantime, you demanded it.
The chat room demanded it.
The studio demanded it by request.
Colic Balls?
No, not Colic Balls.
Hey everyone, this is DJ Konami.
I know you all know Beatmania, but I want to go back and teach you the basics.
Listen carefully and try to follow.
The objects will come down from the top when it hits the red line.
and The Table!
You get it?
Alright, let's practice!
are both white and blackies.
Now it's all the keys and the turntable.
It's hard, but you can do it!
All right, Loki, please introduce this next song, because it's kind of weird.
Okay, before I came over today, I found one of the strangest Paranoia remixes ever.
It's the first, probably only, all-Spanish, Latin Paranoia remix.
It's Paranoia Acueca, or whatever that means, I don't know.
All right.
And there's a DWI for it, too.
Enjoy.
All right.
Take it baby Bring it on down
Thanks for watching!
Thanks for watching!
Please listen to Orange Lounge Radio Because real radio makes Captain Jack cry
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio semi-live for December the 8th.
We're actually taping on December the 7th.
So some of you are already tuned in right now here on Saturday night.
But it will be rebroadcast in its entirety on Sunday night at the normal time.
Just so people don't get too confused.
Right.
But if you're in the chat room wondering why you can't really participate live with the show tonight, that's why.
Because we tape today early.
We're on Saturday.
So...
We're back and don't have a lot to talk about, so this is the point where we usually would let Loki do a sim update.
So!
Loki, what's going on in the sim world this week?
Not too much.
They're wrapping up with the submissions for Attorney Mix 3.
Those are due next Sunday.
That will be, I believe, the 15th.
So make sure they have your stuff in by, I would say, by 9 p.m.
at the latest.
Definitely way before that, though.
But try to get your stuff in for Attorney Mix 3.
And then, I believe, a week after that,
They will be having actual submissions up on the web.
They should be up for about one whole week.
So you want to get them then while you still can.
Aside from that, there's a few other things to know.
In DDR Mania X, they've got in their user submitted files for them, they have a nice little list of every single site that has DWIs on it.
And that's where actually that Paranoia Remix came from because there is a DWI out there for that Paranoia Remix.
So check that out, and you can always increase your collection that way.
And just do watch that forum, they have some pretty good files that have come out recently.
I just got one for Baby Got Back, you gotta love that song.
So definitely keep an eye on that.
And also, nothing really new with Stepmania.
I have checked their site, and it looks like they are in preparations for starting betas for version 4, but...
Nothing really announced yet.
And DWI, I don't really care about them.
But they are actually updating now and trying to play catch-up.
So I've got to give them credit for that.
But aside from that, not too much going on.
Oh, wait.
Also, this week happened to be a week that we saw brand new DDRPC characters.
Woo-hoo!
Reggie and some chick.
I don't know what her name was.
Sabrina.
Sabrina, whatever.
Um...
I don't really know what these are.
I mean, Reggie looks like he's got this giant dunce hat on.
He's holding a dog with a bow.
And then there's Sabrina who's in a bunny costume.
Didn't they figure out, aren't they on their way to hacking the PC characters?
Just about?
You were referencing something like on one of the boards that they found a way somehow to hack the PC characters or you can load them in a program or something?
No, they're full of shit.
So I did look at that.
All that you get from looking at the one file they were talking about, the bin file I believe, is you just get a nice little shot of their face.
That's it.
Sabrina the Teenage Bitch.
Yes, so you've got this dog fucker and you've got some vampire bunny.
That's what your characters are this week, dog fucker and vampire bunny.
Nothing compares to Mr. Spanky.
Maybe we should have Mr. Spanky back on the show.
Why not?
I think we'll have Mr. Spanky back on the show a little later.
Yeah, so if you're still playing DDRPC, and to be honest I don't know why you would, do check those out because really I think DDRPC lost its, I don't know, interest a couple days after it came out.
Oh, I've played all these songs before.
Yeah, it's like, oh, wait, this was fourth mix.
I'll wait until we can hack this and put new songs in.
Other things that should be noted is there was, I guess you could call them preview versions of Bag and Paranoia Survivor on the net.
Actually, I should say really ass copies of Bag and Paranoia Survivor that were on Bimani style.
They were, hey, guess what, Loki?
I've got them right here.
Want to hear a little bit of Bag?
Yeah, let's hear it.
All right, here's a little bit of Bag, if you guys haven't heard it yet.
Now, it's really, really quiet, so bear with us.
Here it is.
You can kind of hear the bagpipe.
It's Riverdance!
Yeah, woohoo.
What do you think?
I think it's crap.
What it sounds like, it sounds like it's going to be like Orion 78, except it's going to be with bagpipes.
It's pretty much half the speed, you know, down to 65 for, you know, the steps to be really close together.
It's just going to be Orion.
That's all it is.
It's actually the kind of music I listen to when I'm trying to relax and calm down, so I like it.
I have all kinds of CDs like that at home, so it's right up my alley.
Okay, want to hear Paranoia Survivor?
I don't even think you can really hear this one, but I'll play a little bit of it.
It's a whole thing, but you can barely hear it.
It's a lot better in the video.
If you watch the videos, definitely listen to it there.
You can barely hear it.
It's not even really worth playing to you guys.
I can't even really hear it.
So, yeah, I would get the videos, but I can't play videos over the air because we get a lot of droppage.
So, that was a little bit.
It was, I mean, from what I've gathered from the videos, it was a pretty cool sounding song.
It's just, you know, you can't really listen to it on the videos because they don't have, you know, anyone that can rip it yet.
Because, you know, the Konami stuff's like, no, don't do that.
Yeah.
So, yeah, not too much to see there either.
Yeah, really been kind of a slow week in the whole Bomani community.
It's just nothing going on.
Yeah, it's just kind of that time of year.
There's really not anything to really do between Thanksgiving and Christmas except shop.
So, there's probably not going to be... I mean, DDR Max USA came out for the holiday season.
That was really the last thing.
We're probably not going to see anything until the beginning of the new year.
Unless, you know, you got Beatmania 7th Mix that's coming out for PlayStation on Christmas Eve.
but that's about the only Bomani release coming up and then in the new year we're going to see Max 2 for Japanese Playstation 2 and what the hell 2DX7 style, yes probably next year and probably also Max 2 USA at some point but I don't know I don't even know what I haven't heard anything as far as how well Max USA actually sold I think we probably won't get any numbers until actually after the holidays we can look into that
I don't know too much about that, unfortunately
Yeah, I did notice that they have, you know, like DDR, they have the $2,000 metal pads, which are kind of a rip-off, but they also have, you know, as people are aware of, the 2DX arcade controllers, and they also have a pop music arcade controller, too.
Yes.
Question from chat room.
When is DDR Extreme going to be released?
Ooh, Brad brings back toys for us.
Yay.
Propel and food and drinks.
Anyway.
That's our...
Yeah.
Oh.
Yeah?
Yeah.
I said root beer.
Yeah.
Cool.
I got root beer.
Okay.
I'm sorry.
Yes.
Loki, you want to answer that?
When's Extreme going to be released?
Early next year.
Probably, they're saying January.
I would say probably the first three months of next year.
So, first quarter next year.
Rumor is it's going to debut at some tournament, but I don't possibly see how that could be the case because it's a Japanese game, so if it's going to debut anywhere, it's going to debut somewhere in Japan, and places in America will just get it whenever their distributors get it, so I don't think there's any particular way that you can debut a game.
Now, that particular arcade might debut their game at the tournament, but you really can't control the rest of the U.S.
that way.
I got it.
Alright.
So that's hopefully answers about Extreme.
Well, also right now the betas are only up to like 55 or 60% done.
Probably because they don't have many of the Dance Media tracks in them.
They have some, but not many.
Yes, I mean, we've still got plenty of songs that they have to add and test first before that even happens.
So, it's still a ways away.
Okay.
Chatroom's been talking a lot about this, and I thought maybe we would too.
Upcoming tournaments.
There are a few tournaments coming up.
I thought I'd mention a few of them.
This Friday, if I'm not mistaken, yes, this Friday, is the Miguel Milpitas Golf Land Evil Tournament Part 2, the Aftermath.
Yes, the arcade that just got Derby's Owners Club this week.
They're doing a tournament, and that should be a lot of fun.
It's on a Friday night, so it's kind of like a big giant Friday night party.
And they're doing the typical Perfect Attack and...
Freestyle competitions.
However, they're trying some new things with both of them.
So there's some new things that they're doing.
And if you want to visit their website, it's www.monkeysfly.net.
If you can at all make it, please go to that one.
and Perfect Attack Rules, let's see, they're going to announce the qualifying song that day and they're going to be doing the brackets a little bit of a different way.
Freestyle is going to be doing this tower system.
It's a brand new way of judging freestyle, so that should be interesting.
They're going to be doing some new innovative judging and ranking of that tournament, so check it out.
Also coming up, we've got the Cyber Beat Nation Tournament in LA.
That's going to be February 14th through the 16th.
That's a Thursday through a Saturday, if I'm not mistaken.
Orange Lounge Radio will be covering this tournament, for sure.
Unfortunately, I'm not going to be able to make it to Milpitas on Friday.
Jamie, I don't think you're going to be able to go because you've got work.
You've got the work thing.
Loki, you too, right?
We all work, unfortunately, so we can't get there in time.
So we're not going to be able to cover Milpitas.
But if any of you fans out there listening to the show got yourself a tape recorder and a microphone, go talk to some people for us and send me stuff.
That would be fun.
Cyber Beat Nation in L.A., February 14th through 16th.
Huge, huge tournament.
They're giving away a Max 2 machine in freestyle.
They are giving away a Max 2 machine in freestyle.
A couple rounds of freestyle they'll be doing.
It might be on a DDR Extreme machine, the competition, if it's out by them.
Perfect Attack, they're going to give away a Beatmania 2DX arcade-style controller for the winner of Perfect Attack.
I'm sorry, but they're not calling it Perfect Attack.
They're calling it Stepping Category or Stepping Challenge.
Stepping Attack, Step Attack, I don't know.
Sorry, I'm messing it up.
I'm running through these very quickly.
I don't really have a lot of time to...
Read into detail on this tournament.
But if you want more information on that tournament, it will be coming to DDRspot.com in the next few days.
They're going to take some pre-registration there, so keep an eye on that.
Or there is a thread in the DDR Freak Torny forum.
Early next year in Fremont, there's going to be a competition at a pizza joint and that's run by one of our fans, DCB.
He's a cool guy, so I'm sure that's going to be a kick-butt tourney.
Outside of California, I'm trying to find some well-responded-to threads.
There's going to be a tournament on December 21st in Baltimore, the town that doesn't listen to Orange Lounge.
According to our rankings, but there is going to be a tournament at East Point Mall on December 21st in Baltimore, so if you're in that area, you should check it out.
December 7th, I know I shouldn't promote that because I don't listen to the show, but you know, you never know.
Springfield has a tournament the other day, so that's already done.
We don't have results for that yet, my bad.
My bad.
Um... There's a dancing stage tournament in Sweden coming up.
Yay!
That should be fun.
That should be a fun tournament.
Let's go to Sweden.
That should be good.
Of course, there's no location.
All I gotta say is Swedish chicks and DDR.
Swedish chicks and DDR.
Amen to that.
You know what?
This, um...
Hey, you know what?
I still like watching... Can I get a hallelujah?
Hallelujah.
You know what I will give you?
Since we're talking about DDR tournaments in Sweden, this is what I will give you.
What does that have to do with that?
Oh.
Yes.
Sweetest chef.
Yes, I can squawk like a chicken.
Also...
There's going to be a tournament on the 14th of December in Wales, in England.
It's going to be an English tournament.
That's my horrible, horrible English accent.
No, Welsh accent is a good bit different.
My bad.
My bad.
Welsh accents are funny to listen to.
If anyone wants a good example of a Welsh accent, listen to the parrot sketch.
John Cleese's character in the parrot sketch.
He is doing a Welsh accent.
All right.
It's on the other side of the ocean.
Somebody just posted in the chat room, really huge, Jabberwocky says, Abba.
That'll be a cool Swedish term.
You know what?
We should probably play some of the erotic ABBA.
I think that's a damn good idea.
In the next break, we're going to do a tribute to ABBA and Swedish chicks in DDR.
In Roanoke Park on December 21st, they're going to be doing a winter charity Perfect Attack tournament for a Red Octane 2 mat.
Word.
Yes, bring canned goods.
The charity is for a Red Octane 2 mat.
Buy me a Red Octane 2 mat.
No, it's called the Winter Charity Tournament.
I don't know... I don't know.
I'm assuming that part of the money goes to buy the mat, and the other part goes to charity.
That's how it works.
Wow.
Gasp.
Gosh, you guys.
Well, maybe... That is another thing.
Maybe it's another tournament that's Red Octane sponsored, because Red Octane owns your soul if you play DDR, and they sponsor every tournament except the ones... From what I heard is Red Octane is actually going to be selling some of their products, like their ignition pads, in GameStops now.
Ooh!
I can get confirmation on that, hello.
By the way, nothing like that's been told to me, and I'm always told everything that happens for bad money in relation to GameStop.
I don't care, I have Metal Stages, so there!
So those were some upcoming tournaments, enjoy.
I would love to go to the Swedish one.
I want to go... Yeah, I know, Bikini Babes, yeah.
Big boner.
First of all, playing DDR with no chess support sucks.
I can say this safely as the resolution now.
Let's ask a girl about their boobs.
Jamie!
No!
Ow!
Does it, like, if you were to DDR in the nude, would that really hurt?
Would you get slapped in the face?
Well, first of all, I haven't, but I have played in my pajamas.
Just imagine it.
No, it's, imagine having large amounts of your skin pulled away from your flesh and stuffed, and then, imagine jumping up and down like that.
Ouch!
Come on, every boy wants to know this.
What's DDR with boobies like?
Painful!
What is the best way to... Do you like having your boobs restrained when you play DDR?
It's like, you want to tie them down?
Shush.
No, I have to do the quote.
Penfold.
Shush.
Anyone who gets that is cool.
What have we reduced ourselves to?
I tried, ladies and gentlemen.
I don't know, does it hurt being able to play DDR naked?
Do you, like, your balls pop around or something?
No.
No.
Well, actually... No.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Yeah, my balls aren't D-sized, though, so I would know.
They're not even C or B. You need a ball, brah.
Who's got the biggest balls of them all?
Only a coconut ball bra.
Yeah.
So nobody in the studio will admit to playing DDR in the nude.
Remember, if you can't be an athlete, be an athletic supporter.
Nobody in the studio is going to admit to playing DDR in the nude.
Hell, I don't play DDR at home.
That involves pulling out 45-pound stages, setting them on the ground.
Yeah, what?
I'm going to take the extra time to strip down naked to play DDR in my front room.
Why the hell do they do that?
That's stupid.
Not to mention that that room is actually kind of small.
You've got furniture in there.
Yeah, the dogs running around, you know, you're stepping on the fucking chihuahua.
I mean, it's just, it's not a pretty picture.
Oh, Brad's back in the room.
Brad, have you ever played DDR in the nude?
That's for me to know and you to find out.
Um, actually, honestly, no, I haven't.
I've thought about it.
I thought about doing intercourse while playing DDR, too.
That would be interesting.
It's a whole new meaning to the couple dance.
Oh, we had somebody in the chatroom admit to doing it at home.
Bombay plays DDR in the nude at home.
Okay, I definitely can believe that, yeah.
Why am I not surprised?
Why am I scared?
Ow, my freaking ears!
Is anybody else admitting to playing DDR in the nude?
No, nobody else.
Okay.
I've played DDR in my pajamas before, though.
How was that?
Painful.
Was it breezy?
Well, seeing as how my pajamas usually consist of big flannel pants and a tank top, then no, not very.
Okay.
Alright, we're going to stop being perverted now.
In my old house in the hood.
Oh, it's your old house in the hood.
Your house in the hood was cool.
Okay.
Uh... Oh, yes.
I need to make the announcement.
We're not going to be doing the cage match tonight because last week's song didn't get in until very late in the week and we have the marathon going on all weekend long so it's not hardly getting played at all.
Plus, we don't have all of our regular listeners.
So tonight's cage match is postponed.
Well, can we put both in the rotation?
Oh!
Yes!
No, we can't.
You lose.
Okay, so, let's see, I'm trying to find my ABBA covers, and I think I only have one.
But it's a good one, so we will play that one.
If I can find it.
However, when we do come back from this break...
We are going to do the FUs of the week.
So send those to me over private message in the channel right now.
Or email them.
Or email them to orangeloungeradio at yahoo.com.
We're going to do all of your FUs of the week right after this break.
It was my only fight Now it isn't true Now everything is new And all I've learned has overturned I lack of you Don't go wasting your emotion
Play on your love
Thank you for watching!
Casting your emotion Lay all your love for me Don't go sharing your devotion Lay all your love
Thank you for watching!
Sakusun Tattemo, Mada Konai, Mada, Mada, Mada Konai Kousei, Kousei, Wafu, Wafu, Wafu, Wafu, Wafu, Wafu, Wafu, Wafu, Wafu, Wafu, Wafu, Wafu, Wafu, Wafu, Wafu, Wafu, Wafu, Wafu, Wafu, Wafu, Wafu, Wafu, Wafu, Wafu, Wafu, Wafu, Wafu, Wafu, Wafu, Wafu, Wafu, Wafu, Wafu, Wafu, Wafu, Wafu, Wafu, Wafu, Wafu, Wafu, Wafu, Wafu, Wafu, Wafu, Wafu, Wafu, Wafu, Wafu, Waf
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Thank you for watching!
Thank you for watching!
Welcome, welcome, good evening From morning to night
S, Actdeft,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Bitch, get a new song.
An open letter from Orange Lounge Radio.
That's right, you're listening to Orange Lounge Radio, a special taped edition.
Tonight, we are taping on Saturday, but we've got a lot of people, a lot of our regulars are joining us here on Saturday night, but if unfortunately you weren't able to listen until Sunday night, that's okay too.
We forgive you.
We're all going out and getting a life this week, so we had to change a few things.
Now comes that part of the show that's everybody's favorite.
Jamie, please explain the FU of the week, why it was created, what it's here for.
We're pissed and we're not going to take it anymore.
We're not going to take it.
No!
You know what?
That's what my new F.U.
song is going to be.
I don't give a shit.
It has nothing to do with Bomani.
That's the song I want.
Okay.
Alright.
Here we go.
Jamie's going to start it off because she's the most angsty.
Yay.
So here we go.
The F.U.s of the week.
Okay, the first thing that gets the big fuck you is my computer.
My hard drive died.
As in, broken.
As in, it wouldn't even reformat.
Um, my computer wouldn't boot one morning, so as Dan was off work, so he was gonna put the restore disk in and fix everything and make it happy again, and it did make it happy.
It said, C drive is damaged.
What? !
So I'm sitting here going, oh crap, oh crap, oh crap, all day at work.
Basically, as it turned out, I did have to buy a new hard drive.
Although, the good thing that came out of this is I now have a 120GB hard drive with the 8MB cache, so it's pretty cool.
But still, I lost about 60GB worth of information and some photographs that I can't get replaced because my mom's ex-husband destroyed them.
Fuck you, Michael.
Anyway, not her current husband, Michael, but her ex-husband, Michael.
Her current husband's cool.
Anyway, that's the best point.
Um...
It's just distressing because I have, like I said, a lot of stuff on there that I just can't get again.
And the ironic thing is that I was going to be backing everything up today.
So, that sucks.
That's about it.
That's your only... Is that an RO again?
Oh.
Minecraft Online.
Alright.
Dad, there's nobody for me to play Phantasy Star Online with.
As soon as I can, I will.
I'm buying that game as soon as it comes out.
Or as soon as I can get it.
All right?
Cool.
All right, Matt.
Matt's turn.
My first idea goes to the creators of DDR Max 2 and the fact that they have to program it so complexly that a simple peon like myself, who has no programming knowledge whatsoever, can't hack it.
Why?
Why won't you let me mess with it like everyone else does?
Anyway, so, yeah, FU to the stupid Max2Discs, because, uh, suck, and I can't do anything with them.
Um, FU to Subsplash, even though I'm going there tonight, um, for having all their games broken, because they don't give a damn.
And FU the fucking kid who was playing Speed Demon all night on Thursday, because they couldn't play Speed Demon because a fucker was taking it over to kick his ass.
FU that stupid kid with Speed Demon.
And, um, aside from that, you know, not too much, uh, stuff I'm mad at, other than, you know, stupid people, stupid drivers, uh, people who ask dumb questions, that kind of thing.
So, that's all.
Alright, thank you for that angsty little rant.
My FU of the week goes out to people that you go out on dates with that don't return your phone calls.
How fucked up is that?
I hate you.
My other FU of the week... I don't know if I want to get into it.
I have another pretty long FU to leave.
My other FU of the week goes to immaturity.
and people that try to send cryptic little messages that are really stupid and immature and try to make things into contests that aren't contests, that are much more than contests.
F you to stupid boys.
I will second your F you.
I will support you in your F you.
My F you goes to stupid boys.
Alright.
Let's take the chatroom's F you's, shall we?
Rogue says, Fuck Euromix 2 for having Steps songs.
Hey, you know what?
Steps did tragedy.
That song is fucking rad.
I don't care what you say.
Any song that has a groovy little dance to go with it, rules.
But those other Steps songs, yeah, they all suck.
I'm sorry.
USFVB says,
F you to traffic and to people with microwaves creating interference which disabled my telepathic waves from reaching Jamie to answer Propel.
And fuck you to all those people now trying to use Propel as an adjective.
And fuck you to Orange Lounge for what seems to be porn talk prohibition.
When do we ever stop talking about porn on here?
In fact, I think we've had an increase in it.
Actually, I've got more I can talk to you about that later.
No, you're banned.
OrangeBeanie says, F you to Naoki for getting to spend so much time for Politary.
OrangeBeanie, by the way, actually being a Politary fan.
And F you to The Point for making my 5th mix streams dead.
Dead, I tell you.
F you to The Point.
Go to Crestview, they have to...
Oh my lord.
23rd Magus says, I have a continued FU to Nori Nori Nori.
As usual, a big FU to being broke, which eliminates my chances of going to Scandi RVGL until January.
Cough, donate to the United Magus College Fund.
And a family-sized FU to Nero's Interface.
I accidentally moved a folder while making a CD and produced five coasters until I found out what happened.
Fuck you ahead.
Your program sucks, you bitches.
Go learn English, you fuckers.
I'm punishing you with those FUs for not agreeing with me in the match game.
Blah, suffer.
Brack2000 says F you to Captain Jack for not doing a cover of Oh Nick Please Not So Quick I agree, I agree
Dang, lots of FUs from Stresa.
FU'd who?
His ex.
She dumped me the day after my 20th birthday.
But we're still so hung up on each other and she's killing me.
But I'll survive.
And I'd also like to throw an FU at my parents.
They've been plotting against me to kick out since June.
And I'd like to shove a horse-sized FU in my mommy's booty.
Why does my mom deserve a horse-sized FU, especially in the booty?
For finding ways to throw my flaws back in my face for childish reasons.
Oh my.
Too bad Sally Jessie's not still around, because that would sound like something you need to go talk to Sally Jessie about.
Maybe you could go to Dr. Phil.
Twen says, F you, within 30 minutes I found out the girl I love got into a major car accident and is engaged and has a two-year-old and a six-month son.
Let's check the old mailbag.
because some people sent in their FUs because they knew we wouldn't be on on Sunday.
VidPower says, For the third week in a row, my main FU still goes to germs.
My cough has gotten worse this week and my throat is sore because of it.
Also, FU to reading boring school books and FU to the dark environments in Metroid Prime.
I literally can't see a wall that's a few inches away from my face.
But a very fun game on this.
You know what that cough is?
It's the Ebola.
You're going to die.
Bye.
F-Ebola.
Dave wrote us a lengthy email well it's the last day of Hanukkah and I'm sorry I'm not at the show tonight but I wasn't able to go to RVGL last night so I don't want to not play for two weeks I finished my edit for Loki's contest for I like to move it move it it kicks ass anyways the major reason I'm at RVGL is so that I can try to take on the top spot on the early 130 only which Tigger has a score of 98.3 on I can't let an outsider beat us on our home turf so I'm representing FU goes to my mom for not letting me go to RVGL on Friday night just because I threw up
Thank you for sharing.
To my mom again for getting me a FUBU sweatshirt for Hanukkah, not knowing what FUBU meant.
What does FUBU mean?
For us by us.
Huh.
Okay.
And a probably F you to my mom again for probably not wanting to take me to tourney next Friday, but it's not a definite F you yet because I don't know for sure.
Okay, see you guys next Sunday.
That was from Dave.
Beautiful.
Ass.
What song?
Speed Over Beethoven?
God, I always give the chatroom shitty songs to their FUs.
Oh, EOSFBB sent us one more.
Fuck you to VidPower for being conscious of the fact that he is sick, yet still serving food in his restaurant.
Ooh, yikes.
That's not good.
Okay, kill the song.
That was our lovely F-Use of the Week.
Thank you everybody for participating.
We do appreciate it.
That reminds me.
Yes.
Yes, we do have dates now for Make Edit Get Porn.
Oh, cool.
Yes, let's talk about Make Edit Get Porn.
Let's see.
The only problem is I don't remember what the dates are right now because I can't remember what I type on these boards.
I look at so many of them every week.
But yeah, MakeEditGetPorn, we've got the dates set for it, I believe, if I remember correctly.
I am going to announce the winners on the show, so that's going to be happening.
What did I set the dates at?
Okay.
If I missed your FU of the week, it's because I didn't get it over private message, and I missed things.
Oh.
Oh, here it is.
Okay, I see it.
It says, uh, Jabberwocky says, Fuck you, Rob.
Fuck you, fuck you, fuck you.
Um, fuck you?
Fuck you?
Um, no, really.
Fuck, fuckity, fuck, fuck you.
Wee!
Fuck you.
Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck you, babe.
You're beautiful.
Fucking beautiful.
A big FU to you, Rob.
Dot, dot, dot.
Oh, I'm sorry, you were talking about pornography.
Okay, all the entries are due by Sunday, December 22nd at midnight.
And where must they submit them?
They must send them to my email or give them to me in person.
and they can be in any format as long as there's some way I can see the step file or step chart or have an edit file for it, you know, that's all I really need.
So, my email, I should probably give it over the air, I guess, nightmare underscore hunter and so it's nightmarehunter at yahoo.com Make sure you put the nice little underscore there between nightmare and hunter.
and other than that, you know, if you're local, you know, give it to me in person.
And all entries will be judged on January the 5th.
So, that's a Sunday.
And they're going to be announced right here on Orange Islands Radio, the winners, right?
Yes.
Cool.
And I have quite a bit of porn to go around, so there might actually be... Now, very briefly, for those new to the show, what is Make Edit Get Porned?
Pornography
Pornotapes Yay!
So we have make, edit, get porn Just like the title says And you'll get a big box of, you know, pornotapes Pretty much it consists of mostly Playboy movies I mean, I don't really consider them porn They're kind of Skinamax, they're prawn They're kind of porn, but they're not, I don't know It's hard to say But, you know, you'll get those And, I mean, those are pretty expensive, actually They're about $22.98 a piece So you are saving quite a bit of money To go out and buy those tapes and find out that they're crap
DarkTetsuya is wondering if you ever did get any boy-on-boy mix porn.
I have not myself, no.
Sorry about that.
Not that he's interested, he just wants to know.
Boy-on-boy porn, Jamie.
Oh, that made her wake up for a minute.
Yes, what happens if a woman who wins may get to get porn?
If a woman wins Make It or Get Porn, then we'll just have to find some boy porn to throw in the box.
So, pun intended.
Anyways, that's going on, and like I said, you've got no time to do it.
So get your Trinity Mix 3 stuff done this week, and then get your Make It or Get Porn stuff done next week.
Alright, that was Make It or Get Porn.
Let's talk about some new shit that's coming out in Japan soon.
We've got the Dance Mania series.
You hear some of their tracks here right here on Orange Lawns Radio.
They've got some new albums coming out very soon.
On December 11th, Classical Speed comes out.
That's all your favorite classical tunes on fucking crack.
Oh, and we even have some real audio clips we can play for you.
This is the Radetzky March by Strauss.
We're going to listen to a clip of that.
This is from the Classical Speed album.
This is track number two.
Hopefully this works.
Perform by Speed Orchestra.
This is by the Speed Orchestra.
It's queuing up here.
Give it a minute.
This is a special preview of Classical Speed right here on Orange Lounge Radio, which is timing out on me.
Here we go.
Loading, loading.
Here we go.
Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy Happy
Want to hear a victory march?
Or how about let's hear a clip of Ode to Joy.
This is a Beethoven song, so let's hear this clip of Ode to Joy.
Everybody knows this song.
Everybody who ever took piano had to play this song at one point or another.
Another?
Let's hear this one.
This is the very last track on the album, by the way.
Ode to Joy
Very nice.
Somebody in the chatroom says, oh, that's kind of like End of the Century.
Woo!
Yes.
First of all, End of the Century is kind of like Ode to Joy, get it right.
It's a little bit similar, yes.
There's a brand new Captain Jack album coming out.
Rock the fuck on.
It's called Party Warriors.
Fucking rock, that's all I had to say.
We only have a clip of one song, but it's got a great name, so I'm sure it's awesome.
This is a song called Centerfold.
And actually, it looks like this album is just a bunch of remixes.
So we got Hey Ya, Iko Iko, Party Warriors, and this one, Centerfold.
Hey, it's back!
Look, that's just centerfold.
Go Captain!
Go Captain!
Go Captain!
Alright, that was centerfold.
A little bit of a clip there.
And also coming out,
DanceMania Speed 10.
And this is going to scare a lot of you.
The very first track is Nancy and the Boys.
And they're covering everybody's favorite artist these days.
They're doing a cover of an Avril Lavigne song.
Let's hear how awful it is.
I could be on a Speed album, Jesus.
Oh, the OSFVB wants a cover of Dirty on Speed 10.
No, unfortunately that's not going to happen.
But we do get some other cool stuff.
We have a Little Less Conversation.
That was the Elvis song that made a big comeback.
We have a clip of that.
That's the second track on the album.
Done by CJ Crew.
Done by the CJ Crew, who did some...
All this aggravation and satisfaction A little fight, a little less fun A little less fun and a little more snot Put your mouth in the oven of your heart That is fun, that is fun, baby, baby
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Sweet, Fly With You, Heaven Is A Place On Earth, Eye Opener, Every Day, Joy To The World, Saberdance, Drop Top, Heaven, Oh God, and I hope that's not a cover of the DJ Sammy song.
We might be in for some real hell on Speed 10.
Which is a cover of the Brian Adams song.
Radio Rockin', Want Your Love, Here To Stay.
And we have another clip.
We have another clip of September by DJ Speedo.
Love the name!
That song is as lovely as DJ Mangu.
I know this song.
This is probably going to be a big PDR.
This is like totally BDM.
Yeah, this is total PDR song right here.
Look at that, Love Unlimited, Candy Plants Yes, and another remix of Candy, just what the fucking world needed Get up and move, speed mix Love Sex on the Beach, I love Erotic
So those are some new things that we can look forward to from the Toshiba EMI series.
It's coming out very soon.
And since we never really talked about it, let's talk about some other things that we've had come out recently.
Dance Mania EX1 just came out not too long ago.
Had some good stuff on it.
The Return of Smile DK, Captain Jack, and Erotic all on a Dance Mania album.
That was pretty cool.
And Lollipop.
Actually, I do have Lollipop on my CD that I brought today.
I want to listen to that.
I'll be perfectly happy if I don't have to hear that song, thank you.
That sounds scary.
Weird, I didn't realize people left the house here.
I just had somebody come online who I thought was here at the house.
Anyway, let's... I guess we're going to go to a break, and when we come back, we're going to do a list list.
I don't know if we have enough people to do a list list.
Do we still have one person here?
Do we still have anybody here?
I think she's still playing... Animal Crossing?
We'll see if we have enough people to do a list list.
We'll try to do that.
If not, we'll think of something.
We'll just do a three-person list list if we have to.
We'll do a three-person list list if we have to.
Fine.
In the meantime, we're going to take a break, and I had a request for something, and I don't even remember what it was.
I could talk about new tech porn.
Who wants to play Holic?
Okay, talk about what you wanted to talk about.
Hold on, I'm going to go see if we have anybody else in the front room to do... I get the chair.
No, you don't.
I get the chair.
Thank you for watching.
See you next time.
He's telling us about his porn.
That's right.
Okay, reviewing anime porn here, Rob.
DNA Hunter, it's basically about, there's this woman, her husband dies, and she really wants to have a baby.
And the problem is, she wants to have her husband's baby.
So, in order to do that, she has to kind of clone his DNA or something like that.
Anyways, so in order to get the money to do this, she has to become a DNA Hunter.
Now, what DNA Hunter is, is basically, it's a woman, women come to this company,
and they say, I want this man's baby.
So in order to do that, they have to have these women that work for this company go and have sex with these people.
And then they collect the DNA, or semen, from these people and then turn cell to the women that want to have those, you know, celebrities' babies.
Thus, DNA Hunter.
I have to say that this was an utter disappointment.
Title sucked ass.
Leatherman Vol. 3
Pretty interesting title since I had to start watching it in the middle.
It's basically this guy carrying around a sack of money.
I don't know why he's carrying around a sack of money because obviously I haven't seen the first episode so I don't really know.
And he's going around and
People just start having sex with them for no apparent reason whatsoever.
They're trying to steal the money, and it's kind of like Golden Boy, but X-rated.
You've got the guy, he's making women feel better about themselves, giving them more confidence and stuff.
Yeah, he has sex with them and stuff like that.
I don't know, it's pretty good.
No real plot to get in the way, lots of sex.
Fun, fun, fun.
The other one, I believe it was called Katie, I can't remember what the actual name was.
It's about this kind of cheerleader, not really a cheerleader, but she's like the head of the kind of the pep team or whatever, and she is being blackmailed by the rest of her team to do all these things like, you know, do cheers with like a vibrator strapped in her and stuff, and
kind of stuff like that she ends up at the very end turning into a slut so you get to watch this cute girl get transformed into a slut at the end of the movie so of course everyone likes that that's it, that's all I've got
Beautiful.
We're going to take a quick break and we'll be back to talk about something Bomani related.
Eh, maybe.
Actually, we're going to do a list list when we come back.
By request, this break, this is the only song we're going to play this break because it's kind of long.
It's six minutes long, but it's very cool.
It's Outphase doing .59 live.
So it starts off a little bit quiet, though, so don't think that we dropped or anything.
It just has a quiet intro.
It's got one of those windy noises things.
So enjoy this song and we'll be back.
Thanks for watching!
Thanks for watching!
Thank you for watching!
Thanks for watching!
Thank you for watching!
Let's listen in on an Orange Lounge Radio staff meeting.
Do you want to be accepted by Hollywood?
No!
Do we show what people think of us?
No!
Do we want people to kiss our ass?
Yes!
Extreme Bobani Radio That's us, Orange Lounge Radio Hello once again my friends You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio Pre-taped this week We're live on Saturday night December the 7th But this is actually technically the show for December the 8th It'll be played both nights
So, we're going to do a little segment called List List.
It's everybody's favorite.
Tonight, the topic is, and those of you in the chat room will get to assist us with voting on the winners of this.
Tonight's topic is the top three things I hate about Christmas.
Yes, it's the top things that we hate about Christmas.
The way the list works, the list list segment works is that we're going to compile a list.
Our fabulous in-studio celebrities will compile a list of their top things that they hate about Christmas.
And then one by one we will each eliminate something that we hate about Christmas or that we might actually like about Christmas that someone else hates.
Things that should not be on the list.
And then the chat room will vote on the ultimate list of things that they hate about Christmas.
Let's start off.
Who started last time?
Jamie, did you start last week?
I don't remember.
Let's start with Loki.
Loki, what is the number three thing that you hate about Christmas?
Goddy Christmas decorations.
Basically, you know, the white trash light setups, you know, in front of people's houses.
Gaudy Christmas Decorations is number three on... Doesn't it look like Christmas threw up all over the houses?
Exactly.
We were just driving down the street the other day, and Jamie said, Christmas barfed on that house.
Christmas barfed on that house.
So, Gaudy Christmas Decorations is Loki's number three answer.
We have the Rice Princess in the studio.
She's helping us out tonight with listless...
Irene, what is your number three pick for thing you hate about Christmas?
Well, you have to say dumb, nosy relatives.
You know, when you have to see those relatives you never see but Christmas time, and they always want to know what you're doing.
It's like, well, if I wanted you to know, I would have told you.
I would have sent you a letter or called you or something.
Dumb, nosy relatives, Irene's number three answer.
Very nice, very nice.
Thank you.
My number three answer would be parking lots.
I hate parking lots normally, and around Christmas time, it gets ten times as worse.
People cannot drive in a parking lot, they are cutthroat going for each other's spaces, they stay and they park their car in the middle of the aisle, so when you're trying to go around to get a spot, you're trapped there.
That shit pisses me off more than anything else in the whole world.
Jamie, your number three pick for something you hate about Christmas.
Decorations going up before Halloween.
Oh, decorations that go up before Halloween.
Very nice.
What about decorations that stay up after Valentine's Day?
I don't know what to feel about that.
I just don't like them going up before my favorite holiday.
All right.
What if there are orange lights, though?
If it's for Halloween, then sure.
Cool.
Alright.
Loki, your number two answer for thing that pisses you off about Christmas.
Christmas music.
All of it.
All of it must go.
Don't change your music programming.
Kill the artists that made it.
Hunt them down.
I will pay ransom.
Actually, bounty.
A bounty for everybody that makes Christmas music.
I want them all dead.
Okay.
Alright, Christmas music.
Irene, your number two answer.
Having no money or resources to buy or make gifts.
Yep.
Sucks.
Anything else you want to elaborate on there?
Well, no.
Alright.
My number two answer is political correctness.
Because somewhere right now there's probably somebody that would be whining about how we shouldn't say Christmas because it's the winter holiday season.
And everybody celebrates something different.
But you know what?
There's some people out there that don't even celebrate holidays.
So, you know what?
Just Christmas, for all practical purposes, means everything, okay?
I'm not like a Bible-thumper religious person, but I just say Christmas.
It's presents, you get stuff.
I don't care what other people celebrate, but don't freaking get all huffy and puffy when...
somebody else, you know, celebrate something you don't you don't have to try so damn hard to be different just go with it I hate political correctness
The thing that kind of triggered this was that we have this thing at work that we do every winter and we're not even allowed to call it, we can't call it a Christmas party, we can't call it a Hanukkah party, we can't call it a Kwanzaa party, we can't even call it a holiday party because not everyone celebrates holidays.
We have to call it a winter appreciation party.
That is so stupid.
Jamie, your number two thing that you hate about Christmas.
I have one that's more personal, so I'm not going to say that one.
Okay.
I'll mention it.
I don't like being away from my family for the fourth Christmas in a row, since they're all out in Alabama.
So I'll put it this way.
I think that what I don't like about the whole holiday season is just how over-commercialized it is.
Over-commercialized, all right.
It's always buy, buy, buy, buy and people don't seem to realize that there's supposed to be more meaning to the season than just... I mean, I like shopping for gifts and I like giving them because that's just how I am.
But when it's being used as an excuse for more people to put money in their pockets, I don't like that.
Alright, that's a very good rant, I like that.
Alright, Loki, number one thing that pisses you off about Christmas, those people dressed up like Santa Claus outside of grocery stores, outside of malls, everything, working for the Salvation Army.
F you to the Salvation Army.
They don't need my money any time of the year, nor during Christmas, and they aren't getting a penny of it.
Thank you, Mr. Grinch.
Gosh, Scrooge.
I hope you see the three ghosts.
Irene, the number one thing you hate about Christmas?
Not knowing what to get people for Christmas.
I hate it.
Just tell me what you want.
What you really, really want.
And I'll get it for you.
Not knowing what to get people.
Alright.
Good answer.
My number one answer is already on the list.
But I'll just say it anyway.
We'll just have a duplicate.
My number one thing I hate about Christmas is Christmas carols.
So that goes right along with Christmas music.
You can pick something other than Christmas carols.
How about Christmas carolers?
Okay.
Like the beginning of the Addams Family movie.
That's the best thing ever.
I hate... Okay, I was going to say you could have used this one.
Christmas TV specials.
No, because the Grinch is cool.
No, no, no.
I'm not talking about the Grinch.
Grinch is cool.
Keep the Grinch.
If I'm talking about like they have this one here, it's a musical special.
John Ritter hosting.
John Ritter should not be on TV.
Not since Three's Company anyway.
Yeah, Three's Company was cool.
Jamie, the number one answer.
Misinterpretation of the holiday.
I have to give background.
I was born Southern Baptist.
I still believe in God in general, but I lean more toward the pagan side of my beliefs.
And I love it when people go, oh, Jesus was born on Christmas Day.
That's bullshit!
He was born in like June, okay?
Yeah.
Christmas is a pagan holiday, okay?
The Yule Tree, the log, you know, the candles, all of it is a pagan holiday.
Get it right.
If you want dates and proof and everything, I can go grab all of my college books and pull that right up where that tradition started.
I actually think that somebody posted a link in the chat room if you want more information on that.
Thank you.
I think.
I am so sick of this.
And that's part of the reason why I stopped going to the specials at church.
was because of this.
Oh, Christmas Day, blah, blah, blah.
No!
You're wrong.
You're stupid.
You're buying into what you've been fed all of your life.
Try thinking for yourself.
I don't like that.
No, that's my number one pet peeve about Christmas.
Alright.
I just stopped going to church because it was damn boring and I didn't really care.
Except there was this one priest that looked like Weirdo Yankovich and that entertained myself enough to stay away for about half of it.
All right.
Boy, not a single Bomani-related thing on this list.
I'm really proud of you guys.
Okay.
You know what?
I don't know.
I'm going to entertain something here in the studio here.
I don't think I feel comfortable eliminating any of these because they're all things that really suck about Christmas.
So I think as a Christmas present, we should let our chat room pick from all of these options.
What do you guys think?
Sure.
All right.
So we're not going to eliminate anything.
You guys can pick anything from this list.
Because I don't know about the others, but I don't... We're extra bitter today.
I don't see anything on this list that I really feel comfortable getting rid of.
I can't even add to the list.
I hate the stupid people that come around working... No, no adding.
The Boy Scouts and Girl Scouts wanting me to buy shit.
Are they made from real Girl Scouts?
No.
I love it.
I want a cookie.
The Addams Family is like the best Christmas movie.
I want a cookie.
Some things that the chatroom... Make a real Girl Scouts.
Chatroom suggestions that we missed.
Blood chip flavor.
Things in the chatroom that we missed.
Eggnog.
I like eggnog.
I know, I like eggnog too.
I like alcoholic eggnog.
Getting socks and underwear.
Hey, I could use that, okay?
My socks and underwear just disappeared.
They just like, whoa!
Damn underpants gnomes.
Underpants gnomes.
And let's see, what else did they say?
They were saying Silent Hill owns you.
I guess that's it.
Those are the only two things.
Okay, so sending your votes now over private message in the channel.
And to celebrate, how about a little Christmas cheer for all of you?
here on Orange Lounge Radio.
You've got one minute to send in your votes right now.
Special Day
Thanks for watching!
Thank you for watching!
Thanks for watching!
and many more.
Can you hear me forever?
Do you feel the pain inside of me?
What came through?
When do we leave the air?
Casting by
You won't catch the stars Can you see me fall apart?
Do you shame my frozen memories?
Setting stars Leaving me alone
I have feelings that I don't like
Thank you for watching!
StepSquad to Orange Lab!
This DDR sucks!
Holler!
We are living!
TGPO!
We!
We indeed.
We indeed do have a list.
We.
We.
We!
I have Propel.
Awesome.
Barry?
Of course.
Is it Barry good?
Very, very, very, very good.
All right.
Here is the final list of the top three things you all hate about Christmas.
We helped.
You voted.
Here it is.
The number three thing that you hate about Christmas is Christmas carolers.
God, they suck.
Ba-la-la-la-la, la-la-la-la.
Bang!
The number two thing you hate about Christmas is that it's over-commercialized.
with Hallmark stamped on the back.
And the number one thing that everybody in the chat room and we all hate about Christmas is political correctness.
Yeah.
And that's correct, spelled with one R. Shut up.
Shut up.
Just shut up.
Correct.
They're saying I should use the movie phone voice.
Hello, and welcome to Orange Lounge Radio.
If you want to hear a listless segment, press 1 now.
If you want to hear Jamie rant about something, press 2 now.
If you want a sim update, press 3 now.
If you hate Orange Lounge, hang up now.
If you hate Orange Lounge too bad, you're listening to them forever.
If you hate Orange Lounge, shove this phone up your ass now.
Some people might do that.
Wee!
Talk to me!
Let's just ask Mr. Spanky about that.
Oh yes, we haven't heard from Mr. Spanky yet tonight.
I do believe we're going to do a Mr. Spanky update a little later.
Oh, now you're not so sure?
We need good porn tips.
We need good porn tips?
Okay, well we'll get Mr. Spanky back on the show right before it's over.
How's that sound?
Alright, cool.
Jamie, you've got to explain, I noticed one FU you left out.
I don't remember if you talked about it last week.
But you've got these Leet Max 2 shoes, and they're breaking.
I bought these vans.
They're black and they have flames going up the sides.
And they're already starting to tear up.
My last pair of vans lasted me like a whole freaking year.
And these are just falling to bits.
So I gotta get new man shoes.
But I'm gonna wear these until they die, dammit.
Okay, I'm being asked to read a paper that 23rd Magus wrote that he got an A on.
It better be Bimani related or I'm not gonna do it.
Yeah.
Oh yeah, there's an article in the paper.
Tell us about that, Matt.
Fuck if I know, I haven't read it.
Anyways, my friend Eric, also known as Punkknight, he wrote an article in... I don't remember what the magazine is.
Oh, it's a local paper here.
Help me!
WiredHead, I bet.
Yeah, something like that.
Anyways, WiredHead Magazine.
It's about DDR.
I think Rob gets quoted on it.
Yeah, apparently.
I haven't even seen it yet.
I need to find a copy of it.
I know that there's a few down where my friend works, if you're local, down in Folsom at...
at, um, shit, Pizza Place, um, Ciro's.
Ciro's Pizza Place at, um, Blue Ravine and Prairie City Road.
So, if you're local in Folsom, you can check it out there.
Otherwise, wherever Wirehead's at.
So, find it, like it, enjoy it.
There.
I'm sorry, while Matt was talking about Wirehead, Jamie is noticing that if you shake a bottle or propel, like, a lot, and then let it sit there, it looks like cum.
Ha!
Tasty!
This looks like it could do a lot of damage to some sort of bodily orifice, this Propel bottle.
And Jamie, what was your comment as soon as you took a sip of that shaken water?
It ain't salty.
That's right, it ain't salty.
All right.
Your HP tastes good.
Okay, here we go.
We're going to talk now.
We're going to read this paper, and it is Bimani-related because it's about Shaft and that tournament.
So 23rd Magus wrote this paper for one of his classes, so I thought we'd read it, and I'll give our little smart-ass comments on it.
How's that sound?
Here we go.
Yes, that's right.
Reading the paper, reading the paper.
Stand by to win.
I went to Shaft and all I got was this lousy roast beef.
One of my favorite and strangest hobbies is playing Dance Dance Revolution, an arcade game in which you must step on arrow panels in time to the music.
Many people, such as myself, go further than the game requires, working the arrows into a dance routine.
In other words, we freestyle.
Recently... Not if you're white.
What?
Keep reading.
What are you laughing at?
Recently, Scandia Fun Center hosted a DDR tournament for those playing accuracy at what?
Read.
No, I want to know what the joke is.
Read.
Here, you tell them.
All right.
Okay.
Okay.
Can I finish?
Can I finish?
Can I finish?
Can I finish?
Thank you.
Yes.
Okay.
Moving on with 23 Magazine's paper.
Recently, Scandia Fun Center hosted a DDR tournament for those playing accuracy and freestyles.
It's freestylers.
The organizers decided to call it Shaft.
Sacramento hosts another fabulous tournament.
Sacramento.
Oh yeah, oh yeah, Sackbomani hosts another titles tournament.
Oh, you get docked three points for that.
He said Sacramento, not Sackbomani, so he gets docked three points.
It was quite witty, if I do say so myself.
Thank you.
I suppose I should go into detail about the three types of competition and exactly why they are important.
I've never seen anyone talk in an English paper, well, I suppose I ought to talk about this.
I suppose I ought to do my assignment.
Alright, that way I don't leave non-DDR players, you unfortunate souls, you, in the dust.
Accuracy attack is your standard play of DDR.
The object of the game is to hit every arrow step with the right timing.
I was not present during this competition, so you, dear reader, will be spared the agonizing details.
Consider yourself lucky.
You did really good on that.
Yeah, I was kick-ass.
Not your problem.
Oh, 23... Well, I'll say it after.
Regular freestyle players take the steps for a song and work them into a dance routine.
The routine always varies depending on the song and freestyler.
Some amazing feats have taken place in this competition, and their excitement levels rivals that of any extreme sport.
Nice use of the word extreme.
18 Freestyle, also known as Old School Freestyle, is a demonstration of freestyling techniques from several years back.
These routines utilize the safety bars at the back of the arcade machine and incorporate moves such as hand plants, hitting an arrow with hands instead of feet, and knee drops, landing on an arrow with knees.
These often cause great pain to the performer.
Performer.
Nowadays, A-Team routines are generally considered childish and not cool anymore.
Personally, I think that A-Team routines have the biggest wow factor, but many don't share my opinion.
Now that we're done with the background, let's get into the real meat of this.
I am, of course, talking about how I fit into this whole picture.
Through a little negotiating, green whining, I managed to get into Shaft as an observer.
So I thought, or so I thought.
Instead, I participated in the most embarrassing and the most fun activity of my life, competing in freestyles.
Uh, here's the rundown.
Midway through the freestyle competition, Rob and Janie, the MC and tournament organizer, noticed that not enough people had signed up for competition.
They then decided to make an improvisational freestyle category, which was one-third of the normal $15 entry fee.
Having only $10 on me, I decided to go for it.
Here was the catch.
Since it was improv, the machine was set to roulette mode, which selects a song at random.
If I had been able to pick my own song, things would have been monumentally different.
Monumentally different.
Momentally, monumentally different.
Damn you, big words.
Namely, I probably would have had a routine set up, which defeats the purpose of improv.
As it was, I embarrassed myself royally, doing rave moves to a bubblegum pop song.
It was entertaining in its incognuity, but it was not a winner.
Not a winner.
Stand by to lose.
Stand by to lose.
Boom.
Anyway, the wild part of my experience was not in my improv entry, but in what happened while waiting.
It was chaos incarnate.
My good friend Justin was going crazy with the deep fryer, dropping in everything he thought he could get away with.
I still remember stuffing my face with deep fried Twinkies and candy corn.
It was fun, albeit messy.
Much of the time I was in the party room slash broadcast booth, talking with my friends and helping out with the Orange Lounge radio broadcast.
Yay!
The broadcast was full of inside jokes, all of which were too rude and obscure to mention.
I do remember Justin taking over the airwaves, telling me to stop hitting him, although I was doing no such thing.
It was still moderately funny.
Okay.
Sounds like a live journal post.
I know, this totally sounds like a live journal post.
It's quite amusing.
Please continue.
We have a loser!
No, I'm just kidding.
A few times I came out of the party room to watch the freestylers work their magic on the stage.
It is from one of the routines that my story gets its name.
Mr. Wendell, a popular freestyler, was doing a comedy routine to Orion 7-8, one of the more annoying songs.
One of his friends was holding up a hot roast beef sandwich, playing keep away with poor Wendell.
At certain points in the song, the crowd, spoofing the song lyrics, chanted, Roast beef!
Roast beef!
Hot!
Hot!
Hot!
Hot.
The whole routine had me literally on the floor laughing, especially at the end, where Wendell finally snatched the sandwich, took a bite, then backhanded his buddy, who was sneaking up behind him.
That was Holland, wasn't it?
Yes, it was.
Applause.
Rob, always the charmer, stood on stage and declared, I love stories with happy endings, don't you?
More applause accompanied by laughter and wolf whistles, a few of which I must admit were mine.
Aw, that was a beautiful paper.
Thank you for sharing that with us.
That was the end, right?
Oops, I did it again.
I closed the window.
Oh, well, I'm assuming that was the end of the paper.
Oh, here it is.
Yes, that was the end of the paper.
Very well written.
How do you guys think he did on that?
What kind of grade?
It was out of 36 points, I'll tell you that.
What do you think he got?
I give it 34.
34.
Out of 36 points.
What would you give it, Loki?
It was grammatically correct.
Yes.
What grade is he in?
I don't know.
In high school.
I think he's freshman or sophomore.
That's a guess.
I guess it was alright.
It started going off topic towards the end.
You were explaining the different categories in DDR and then all of a sudden it's all something else.
I don't know.
It sounds a lot like my senior project.
No.
See, what happens, I think what happens is you procrastinate and you wait until the last minute to write your paper and it ends up coming out like this.
So what do you think, Rob?
You guys got to give me grades.
Grades?
Hold on, Matt.
What did you get out of 36 points?
34.0596 All right, very nice.
For grammatical correctness, yes, I guess I'll give it... Oh, my bad.
He's a senior.
My bad.
He's a senior in high school.
My bad.
He's getting pissed.
In that case, F. In that case, F. You should know better.
There's not much difference between freshmen and seniors when it comes to, like, curriculum when I was in high school.
Your grade, Brad?
I'd say 31.
31?
Oh, you give him a B.
I give him 59.
I give him 59 points for that.
That was beautiful.
There is no 59, you fuckhead.
No, but this is what's funny.
You know how many points he did get?
33.
He got 33 points.
Minus 3 points for missing the Sakpamani thing, just like we said.
You know what?
I only learned two things in high school.
What's that?
How to avoid people, and then a mole of 6.02 times 10 to the negative 23rd power.
I'm doing the way over my head thing right now where I put my hand in.
I took AP Chemistry.
Orange Beanie gave that paper a double S. That was winner.
That's winner.
I'm five rating.
Rob's vibrating.
It's vibrating, but it's a restricted vibrate, so I don't answer restricted numbers.
Okay.
Um, wow.
We've still got about a good 15 minutes to fill in the show.
You can fill it up with a ferret.
No, no ferret filling.
What else can we talk about?
Brad, do you want to rant about something?
Hey, fucking guy.
This is for Paul.
Your daughter, she come to my house, and she kick my dog.
I want to tell a joke.
I want to tell a joke.
Okay.
I need joke music.
You guys all bidded over.
You guys all bidded over on the thing.
Hey, I'm talking to you.
Play me something from Keyboard Mania.
Something happy.
No keyboard for you.
A monkey for coffee in my boots.
Okay, that kind of fits.
Anyway, a guy was walking in the woods, and he was lost and lost and lost for days.
So he chances upon this house, and he notices that there are telephone wires coming out of the house, so he knocks on the door, and this ancient old man answers the phone, answers the phone, answers the door.
Please sir, please, can I use your telephone?
I'm lost in the woods.
Guy goes, sure, you can use my telephone and you can stay at my house too until someone can come get you.
But my one rule is that you cannot sleep with my daughter.
Okay, so he goes in the house, uses the telephone, has dinner with the family, and, well, the guy's daughter was really hot, and he couldn't help it, she just went mad, and placed it at the end of the table.
So, late at night, the guy sneaks out of his room, and goes and, you know, has his way with her, and goes to bed.
He wakes up in the morning with a gigantic rock on his chest, and there's a note attached to it.
First greatest of all tortures, a gigantic rock stuck on your chest.
And he goes, well, shit, you
Ouch.
Isn't that a nice joke?
Yeah.
Being a girl, I don't think you can completely appreciate the pain that I just felt right there.
What do you think, Matt?
I don't care.
I heard that one like, fifth grade.
Well, fuck you then.
Is there any... I have another one.
Another joke?
Yep.
This guy was in jail.
He had been in jail for so long and hadn't gotten laid.
He hadn't even been anyone's bitch.
So he gets out of jail, and they give him his suit of clothing and 20 bucks.
First thing he wants to do is get laid.
So he goes to a brothel.
And he talks to the madam there, and she's like, well, our women are at least 120 and up.
He's like, do you have anyone that I can get for 20 bucks?
She's like, well, we can give you to Bertha.
So he goes to Bertha, and Bertha's this woman with one leg.
She has a peg leg.
She's missing one arm, and she's got a glass eye.
So the guy is trying his hardest and he just can't get anything with Bertha.
She's like, look, why don't we do this?
So she takes out her glass eye and says, try this one.
So he goes at her eye, her eye socket.
It has been the best play he ever had in his life.
Then he tells her, next time I need to get something, I'm coming to you.
You were the best ever.
She's like, okay, honey, I'll keep an eye out for you.
Okay.
Ha ha ha ha.
Oh dear good lord.
Okay, on that note, I think we're going to take a quick break and then we're going to come back and wrap up the show.
Sound good to you guys?
Yes?
We can wrap it up in ribbons and bows.
Oh, you want booty music?
I'm sorry.
Well, I have this request though, so I've got to play this first.
Alright, I'm going to play this and then we'll do something booty.
Okay, here we go.
We'll be right back.
It's a long way to go, honey.
I know, but I'm afraid.
Where are we going?
Into the Dark Black Forest.
Into the Dark Black Forest
Hello everybody, it's Mr. Spanky.
As promised, I'm here on the air to give you some tips.
Tonight, I'm going to read you a letter, because I don't know much about it.
Well, I do know a thing or two about it, I have to admit, you guys.
Not that there's anything wrong with that.
But today, we're going to be talking about fellatio tips.
So I'm going to read a letter for you guys.
You might need a translation of that, Mr. Spanky.
I'm sorry.
Oh, fellatio.
That's a blowjob.
Okay.
Fellatio means a blowjob.
All right.
This letter comes to us from a girl named Emmy.
She says, My husband and I have been married 10 years, and during this time, my enjoyment for giving head has increased tremendously.
I have found the more I turn him on, the more it turns me off.
I'm sorry, the more it turns me on.
I can't read today.
I start off by teasing him a little, licking the head with my tongue, and licking the underside slowly from bottom to top.
I have also learned he likes me to seductively look at him while I'm doing this.
It adds to the teasing.
One problem I had was taking his cock all the way, because I enjoy giving pleasure to him so much I wanted to be able to deep throat.
I could do it once in a while, but most of the time I would gag.
So I thought that if I could just numb my throat somehow, I would stop gagging.
That's when I figured it out.
I bought some chloroceptive throat spray and put it in my nightstand.
The next time I gave him head, I had no problem swallowing his entire cock.
I can't tell you how turned on he was, and how turned on I was.
You can also use children's teething cream, but it doesn't have a pleasant taste and it's harder to apply.
That's my tip.
It works great for us.
There is nothing that you can do which more clearly shows your love for him than adoring his cock.
Well, thank you.
That was Mr. Spanky's next tip of the week.
You guys should look for me.
I'm in DDRPC.
I'm in a character expansion pack.
Bye, everybody.
See you next time.
Outro Music
Fly, fly, fly with it, back it up one more time Walk, walk, walk with it, stop, walk, stop with it Fly, fly, fly with it, bring them out of jail and break down Throw the ball up, swing that bat, turn your back, everywhere's bad Throw the ball up, swing that bat, turn your back, everywhere's bad Palm Beach, peanut butter, Dane County, jailed Orlando, peanut butter, Tallahassee, jailed
Man, shit, man.
What time is it, dawg?
I don't know what time it is, Raylo!
It's peanut butter jelly time!
Easier to dance to than that freaking catch-up song.
Orange Lounge Radio.
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio and we're here to wrap up tonight's show because we're just about at the end.
We're going to wrap it up in cellophane.
We're going to wrap it up in a nice little bowl.
And sell it on eBay.
And give it to somebody for Christmas.
So anything else you guys want to talk about on the show tonight that we haven't gotten out yet?
Bree South.
I've mentioned it before.
Funny show.
Gotta love it.
On MTV.
Any more rants in you, Jamie?
Are you barking?
I'm wanting to... I'm feeling restless now.
You're feeling restless?
Yes.
You need to go out and play some DDR?
I'm feeling boar, yes.
Boar?
I'm going to Sunsplash tonight.
I'll be there until close.
Yes?
You can come with me, Jamie.
Cool.
So what are you guys going to play?
Because everything there is... You know what this town needs?
We need a Parapara team.
No.
Come on!
I am no Paralist.
I know maybe six of them and I only do four regularly.
You know what pisses me off?
And I'm pretty sure... No, this isn't just specific to Roseville Golf Land.
I know most golf lands have this problem.
The kids that tease people playing Parapara...
I mean, fucking... I had one of them kicked out.
God, I fucking hate those kids.
I hate kids that think they're better than everybody else.
That shit pisses me off.
You know what?
It's like, you know, at least we can memorize something.
You can memorize maybe, like, what beer tastes good or whatever, but it's just like, God, kids who think they're better than everybody else just really piss me off.
I want to kick so much ass.
You've seen me go off on them.
I had one of them kicked out, and the other one I said, okay, I'll pay for you to play.
Do it.
Dance.
Now.
Yeah, I know.
That was like the one that, uh, we had that on DDR once, too.
I remember that.
That was pretty cool.
Yeah?
Uh, I'm just looking.
And no, Orange Beanie, I'm not picking you up because you're in the other direction.
Sorry.
Aw, I'm sorry.
Oh, oh, oh, and don't forget Initial D. Oh, Initial D is cool.
Initial D. But yeah, kids piss me off, and there's a lot of them at Golf Land, and they're all rich and snobby, and they think they're better than everyone else.
They suck.
They piss me off, they suck.
And they suck.
They suck.
No, they don't suck.
No, because... They blow.
They can't even, no, no, they don't suck, they don't blow.
The fact that they exist is worse enough.
Oh God, I think I actually might have just created a pair of Parasak stars with my statement.
God.
My bad, my bad, sorry guys, my bad.
Oh, for the four that I know, or for six that I know.
Yeah, I'll join for the three that I know.
I'll join just so that we have a big group of people.
You have to teach me Like a Virgin correctly.
We need to do trick... Okay, I'll teach you how to do Like a Virgin.
And I'll teach you... You can teach me the one you know that I don't.
Okay, I do know Ashimatsu, but you know what I need to brush up on?
I need to brush up on Night of Fire.
Okay.
I need to remember how to do Eurobeat.
Yeah, teach me Eurobeat.
Learn to Eurobeat and then teach me.
So, uh... I'll get you my, uh, max 300 para-para going here.
No, I'll tell you what would be great about a para-team.
The next one that I want to learn, though, is O Sole Mio.
For that one day that I do feel like playing Parapara, what we need to do, we need to trick the assholes.
We'll just have everybody on the Parapara team sitting in the little booths, and like one person up on the machine, and then when somebody starts teasing them, just get everybody to get up and surround them and just start glaring, and then like Parapara in their face or something.
Everyone get up there and mirror.
That's right.
Everyone get up there and mirror.
Wow, that's so 80s.
Kick kids in the butt.
How about I just inject them with the AIDS virus?
Try Drano.
It kills them more painfully.
Imagine being injected with something that starts eating at your insides.
Or you just inject somebody with air.
Hey, I eat McDonald's too, okay?
I don't.
My point stays.
Okay, so I think that we should just go.
You think we're going to end this show now?
You want to end this show now?
No, we have three minutes.
We have enough time to do final thoughts.
You guys want to give your final thoughts?
Jamie, what is your final thought of today?
That's it?
Where's Brad?
Get Brad back in here.
He needs to do a final thought.
My final thought is I need more man porn.
I need man sex.
Thank you.
You need man sex.
Brad, do you have a final thought for today?
I need man sex.
Well now.
And we have that on tape now.
Yes, we do.
Hey, I'm going to play that last week.
Last week on Orange Lounge Radio.
I need man sex.
Tune in every Sunday night.
Hello to those people listening to us in Japan.
I whored out our station to people listening in Japan that were Orange Lounge fans.
Orange Lounge the group, not the radio.
So, their trick, haha, now we got you.
Yeah.
We got you good.
Um, well, I don't know, maybe we should...
Offer them something a little bit different than just saying, ha ha, we tricked you.
Okay, what?
Say, arigato gozaimasu.
What's that mean?
Thank you very much.
Oh, okay.
You should know what that means.
No, I don't.
I'm too white.
We also have those four Orange Lounge songs that we can't, no, I'm not sure if you have them in rotation, the stuff from Poppin' Music, Guitar Freak 2nd, 3rd, and... No, but I'll get them very soon.
Yes, very soon.
Four more Orange Lounge tracks for the rotation.
What do the kids have to look forward to next week on Orange Lounge Radio?
We're going to sacrifice Loki to the gods live on air.
Hey, Loki is a god.
He's the Riddler god, okay?
That means you're played by Jim Carrey.
In a bad movie!
Hey, I like Jim Carrey, okay?
That'd be an honor.
Dude, then you should, like, watch The Mask at my place on Laserdisc.
I have The Mask on DVD.
I have it on Laserdisc, and Laserdiscs are cooler.
They're big CD coasters.
They're not.
Oh, oh, oh.
My half.com thing is going to arrive sometime next week.
What's that?
I ordered Sense and Sensibility on widescreen Laserdiscs so I can watch more Alan Rickman.
You're a hopeless case.
If you go to Jamie's friends page now, it is filled up with the Slytherin community, the Draco community, the Alan Rickman community.
I'm in the Alan Rickman community, the Slytherin community, the Professor Snape community, and I'm in the Animal Crossing community.
And the Potter Draco boy part.
No, I am not.
Just kidding.
Although I've read some pretty good things.
Ah, I didn't mean to hear that.
I'm not into the teeny boy stuff, though.
Okay, good.
Good.
You're okay.
You're still sane, then.
But yet, she still hasn't joined the Animal Crossing group.
What's up with that?
Yes, I did.
I joined it here at your place.
My bad.
My bad.
I'm sorry.
My bad.
This is for me from Jamie.
Uh, my final thought is, uh, I hate boys!
I hate boys!
I hate them.
Well, then we'll get you some pussy.
I'm confused.
Tuna.
Red Bull.
Now all I need is two turntables.
I have the microphone.
Two turntables and a microphone.
We'll get you a fish taco!
Jamie actually had fish tacos the other week, or the other day, and I was laughing at her because she was eating fish tacos.
I actually won an eBay auction.
I got a second 5-key controller now for Beatmania, and it's a lot better than the other one.
And I'm gonna, I'm gonna, yeah, no, I have the old ASCII pad, I have the, it's the Beatcon, whatever that is.
It's, it's better than the other one.
Ew, gross.
But I'm modding them.
I don't know.
They're all like that, they're all like that.
There's one with piano keys, which is somewhat decent.
I have the official ASCII one, which sucks ass.
But I've been hearing that NCSX was dropping their 2DX controllers to $50.
So, I'm checking that out.
Well, I'm doing a mod on mine that actually, I'm making one, I'm making a brand new mod for 5-key.
I'm going to actually put ball bearings underneath the turntable to make it spin better.
Because it has room for it, and they have these two really crappy plastic things that it spins on, but there's room for ball bearings inside there, so I'm going to put that on there.
And maybe a glue rubber mat on top of it so that you have grip on the turntable.
Because the keys and everything is fine, but yeah, just the turntable sucks.
Make me a 2DX controller.
No.
Okay.
I'll pay you.
Maybe.
One more.
One more thought.
Which dysfunctional Sesame Street character are you?
I got Bert and Ernie's gay relationship.
Surprisingly enough, I got Grover on E. I'm Grouch's heroin addiction.
And what about you, Brad?
I didn't participate in this dorky thing.
Then you're transsexual Elmo.
Alright, I have a thought, actually.
I thought it was kind of weird how... Hey, Jamie, yes I can think.
Anyway, I thought it was kind of weird how Rob disappeared from our studio when Mr. Spanky came in.
Yeah, that's amazing.
And why did Mr. Spanky sound like he was related to Triumph the Insult Comic Dog?
Maybe they are related.
That sexual tip was good.
I hate you.
He was scaring me, though.
He kept grabbing my ass.
Mr. Spanky, that was.
Oh, I thought he was talking about me.
I guess he doesn't mind when I do it.
All right, we're running over.
We've got to go.
Take care, you guys.
Have a great night.
Yeah, we're running over the show.
Thanks for tuning in and supporting Orange Lounge Radio.
We love you.
My bad.
Bye.
Bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by DarkSakura, Sky, and Loki.
If you'd like to leave us a comment, send us an email at orangeloungeradio at yahoo.com.
And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
And now, a buffoon's meeting with the dean of admissions at a prestigious college.
Well, Michael, I'd like to extend my warmest congratulations on your upcoming graduation, and I understand you're interested in matriculating here in the fall.
I got a snake, man!
Yes, pets are welcome here on campus, be it the traditional dog or cat, or even the occasional reptile.
One time I fed it some beer, man!
It was slithering this way and that!
It was all fucked up!
I'm sure it was.
Well, we discourage inappropriate drinking among both students and pets here on campus.
Fucking shit!
Yes, that's a not uncommon reaction to this policy.
So tell me a little bit more about your background.
My father's a fucking asshole, man!
Hmm, I see.
Your feelings of rebellion are not unusual at your age, son.
My mother's a piece of shit, too!
Well, I hope you can find an outlet for your hostility over the summer.
So you can come to school in the fall relaxed and ready to learn.
My teacher in high school was a stupid bitch, man!
She had her head way up her ass!
Well, the quality of the faculty at a university such as ours far exceeds that of a local public high school.
Your secretary's a real fat bitch, man!
Yes, she's tried many diets over the years with minimal success.
I had diarrhea last month.
I had to shit all fucking day.
Uh-huh.
Well, we all get the occasional stomach bug.
Never a pleasurable experience.
So, have you given any thought to your choice of major?
I've got a big fucking boner right now.
I see.
Well, sexual arousal is not uncommon during periods of nervous tension.
I do not take offense.
One time I ate my neighbor's shit.
That's understandable.
Well, I enjoyed meeting you, and we'll be sending you our decision by the end of the month.
I bet you got really hairy balls.
Yes, it's a veritable force down there.
Bye-bye.
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
