Message for you, son! Attention! Do you want to hear the most annoying sound in the world?
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio, the Monty Top, and then some.
Orange Lounge may contain adult content. Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity. Orange Lounge may contain hot monkey sex.
Just kidding. Orange Lounge will not contain hot monkey sex. In this episode...
Hey, are there any balls down there?
What's your favorite scary movie?
Showgirls.
Absolutely frightening.
What's yours?
There are no stupid questions, just stupid people.
Don't torture yourself.
That's my job.
Now's the time our sprockets pay me dogs.
I don't get you, my pretty.
And your little dog, too.
I know kung fu.
I'm sorry, but all questions must be submitted in writing.
Why did they have to take the word game?
No! What I expect for Spanish Exposition is kingdom.
Hey!
Dark sacral.
Shut up! Where's my gun? This is my boomstick.
Sky.
Come on girls, it's time to drop the bomb.
Loki.
I can't for the life of me get the hooker to have sex with me.
What kind and what human being would find that funny?
Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live and this is episode number 24.
For December the 15th of 2002, you're tuned into the Blamani Scene's most hilarious radio station of all things Blamani.
My name is Rob Roberts, for you and my gnomious sky.
Joining me as always are my awesome co-hosts in this corner of the Happiest Bunny on the Farm, Miss Jamie Summers.
Bird? Bird? Bird is the word?
I'm freezing.
This is so crazy, wait, is that just me?
Hello. Hi, our mics weren't loud enough during that whole intro. My bad, you wanna say hello again, Jamie?
I said I was cold, dammit.
And Loki, you wanna say hello again? Ah, sure, whatever.
Sorry about that. We're still new at this. 24 episodes into this, we still don't know what the fuck we're doing.
Uh, anyway, we got a whole bunch of fun things to talk about tonight, but, uh, we'll get to that pretty soon.
Actually, I don't know what the hell we're gonna talk about tonight. I think it's just, uh...
The holidays kill everything, don't they?
Uh, sure.
Moki's kind of panicking right now, by the way.
What's the matter?
Okay, uh, my attorney makes three entry. It's all done. I just need to upload it.
My dial-up doesn't want to upload it, and I have to upload it here, but we can't because the stream, you know, might get cut out, so I'm stuck.
I have it on a CD, it's all done. I just can't get into it.
Alright, well, we'll panic about Loki's situation in the meantime, we're going to take a quick
And we will be right back. Enjoy!
All right, here's something being brought to you by Orange Lounge Radio.
It's some tracks from the new Good Cool compilation that was just recently released.
We're going to play a couple tracks here for you.
We're going to play Spooky and Shake It Down back-to-back here on Orange Lounge Radio.
You must be everything
Any other love you want
You must be
Any other love you want
You must be, must be
Hey!
Come on!
You know you can do it!
Come on!
Ooh!
Kick the dick!
Kick the beat with the groove
Kick the beat with the groove
Tryna make me feel extra love in my screen, yeah
Tryna make me feel extra love in my screen, yeah
Keep it up, keep it up
Whenever we're outside
Must be heaven sent
Whenever we're outside
I just wanna show you now
You've got all you need
Set my body free
I just wanna say a thing
I will be alone here
You poor loving thing
I will see you once if you fail
Can't sit down with no more
Shake it down, shake it down Gonna make it, gonna wave it to the night
Shake it down, shake it down Gonna make it, gonna make it all night long
It's gonna be a pleasure, yeah
All of the world
It's gonna be a pleasure, yeah, yeah
Gonna play this song
Gonna play this song
Orange Lounge Radio, we put your thing down, flip it and reverse it.
Hello, you are listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
That was horrible.
I told you you'd hate it.
It's kind of funny.
Haven't you ever heard that song?
That Missy Elliott song?
Do I listen to that?
Yeah, I know you don't listen to pop music, but whatever.
Just because I have taste.
Oh well, I'm sorry to hear that.
Anyway, you are listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
And that was some stuff from the Good Cool CD, by the way.
Spooky and Shake It Down, those were the two songs you heard back to back.
Before that, Blake Down, a song that I just pulled out of my ass because I didn't have
anything else queued up.
Oh, the chat room seemed to enjoy that promo, so they got the joke.
That's good.
How you doing?
Loki is still over there panicking?
Yeah.
Twen tried to get you a, Twen couldn't shed his big fat mouth and tried to get you a waiver
or something, but now they said, no, you gotta get it in by midnight.
Eastern? Yeah, this guy said Eastern, but if you notice
their web page doesn't say anything, so I don't know, you could sue. You should take
him to Judge Judy. I don't give a crap.
That's okay, because the only one that matters is make Eddick get porn, right?
Yeah. That's okay, because we have a backup plan,
so Loki's okay, it's just my roommate's gotta get home in enough time for us to, you know,
into a system and upload something break it that's oh hey good suggestion
instead of Judge Judy Judge Jamie you need a bookmark yes use that all right
hey so how was your week I'm reading Harry Potter during the break you're
wearing this lovely new Slytherin scarf to go with your new obsession new
obsession well somewhat it's new to this year though isn't it it's not like the
official one because the official ones were made really cheaply and kind of
look stupid because they have like the house logo on them I think they look
stupid but this is a handmade scarf in green and gray it's the Slytherin color
so I wear it and it's made to look like the ones in the movies and it's warm and
comfy. Some folks in the chat room are indicating they've read all four books
which one's your favorite? Oh Goblet of Fire.
Goblet of Fire was the best. All right cool. Just because of the whole ending my
God that was beautiful.
Okay so did anyone do anything
oh, we have a special special guest tonight in the chat room. This makes me happy.
This makes me moist as a snack cake ladies and gentlemen.
DJ Morpheus my old buddy from Understation Live, Travis
in the chat room tonight and he's saying oh that reminds me I need to send Jamie a pick
of the Sakura Japanese restaurant sign out here.
Yes! I want to see signs with my name on them.
And he's saying by the way, he also said that Understation Live 3.0
is going to be debuting in January. Exciting!
Stay tuned to understationlive.org for all the details. If you enjoyed last
week's match game segment, we totally ripped that off understationlive, but that was a
rip-off. It was a tribute, not a rip-off.
Oh yes, a tribute. Yes, a tribute. That was in turn a tribute to the, you know,
classic game show, because it rules. I was actually, I actually was just watching that the other day.
My favorite, Charles Nelson Reilly.
Biggest flaming homosexual in the seventies.
And you're using your Mr. Spanky voice.
Yes, my Mr. Spanky voice is inspired by Charles Nelson Reilly.
The fair degrees.
The little bush baby.
Ah, yes. Black Lab says Game Show Network rules. Game Show Network does rule.
I love the Game Show Network.
Except Wind Tuition.
Except for those of us who don't have cable anymore.
What the fuck is Wind Tuition? That show sucks.
It has the guy from Double Dare hosting it, no, I want to...
Mark Summers is cool, but not on that show.
Do you know who produces that show?
Who? Is it a Mark Goodson television production?
No, Henry Winkler or whatever.
The Fonz.
Oh, the Fonz?
The Fonz.
No way.
Because the Fonz is cool.
Oh, we actually have Bahmani news to report, go figure.
We actually have some things going on in the Bahmani community.
There was a big tournament on Friday in the bay.
Friday in the Bay. There was the Miggle Evil Tournament 2, I believe it was called. Am
I right? Evil Tournament 2?
I wanted to go.
I wanted to go too, but that whole Friday thing meant, you know, we'd have to drive.
I didn't get anything out of work until 6.30, and I got off work at 5.30 and was there until
nearly 6.30 because Dan wasn't off work yet, so grrr.
I just didn't want to drive out there in the rain. I'm sorry. Hearing that the whole damn
thing started late, I probably could have made it in time, but I just didn't want to
driving the rain my apologies to the folks there but you know I just I get
all freaked out driving in storms who would I would have cried anyway oh yeah
we wanted to we wanted to read the results to you from the tournament so in
perfect attack fourth place went to emphasis nice job emphasis third place
went to virtually don't call him the max 300 King or he'll kick your ass second
First place went to Chubbs, and first place, this is the hugest surprise of the century,
Tigger.
Really?
Gasp.
Oh my God.
Gasp.
They did this whole new little bracket thing though that was kind of cool.
What they do, and this is kind of cool, we should talk about this kind of different ideas,
ways to run a tournament.
They took a bracket of 16, and what they did, you know, just like normal, except instead
Instead of the person losing the last match, just automatically getting second place, what
they did is they removed Tigger out of the bracket and replayed all the matches that
would have been affected by his presence, basically.
And so they determined a second place that way.
It's kind of interesting the way it works, but it sounded very cool and I guess it worked
out pretty well.
Sounds neat.
So that was pretty cool.
Freestyle, 3rd place went to a fellow called Hamsterhead, 2nd place went to 001, I thought
it was 007, 00 something got 2nd place, DCB here typed all these results to me and I thought
it was 007, it could have been 001, I don't know. In first place, starting to win a lot
of these freestyle competitions lately, it's the wonderful, the awesome, the incredible
Bruce Leroy taking first place. Apparently his routine was insertion, he did this whole
little Spiderman thing to it, so we'll figure. I have to look for the videos. Yes, we'll
be eagerly awaiting those videos. Some friends of Orange Lounge were competing in that, by
By the way, too?
Okay.
Yes.
So...
Word.
I don't know, what else is there to talk about Bamani News?
There are rumors saying that DDR Extreme is going to be released on Christmas.
Yeah, I think there's any truth to that.
That sounds kind of early to me.
Christmas is a commercial holiday in Japan.
Of course, that's not far off from here, but even so, I don't think that they would put
a significance in that date for the release of the game.
I know, it sounds more like somebody's little fantasy than reality news, but who knows?
That's coming from a fairly reputable source, so we shall see!
I think it's an early April show.
I remembered hearing that the official release date was sometime in early January, so that's
what I'm going to stay with.
That's my story and I'm sticking to it, right?
Until I see, otherwise, something maybe in Naoki's journal or something, which doesn't
exist anymore?
Nope, it's gone.
Good!
But we lost our favorite joke. Maybe we should start one.
We should do a journal on behalf of Naoki.
Yeah. You know, I've got an extra live journal code.
The lost deep thoughts of Naoki.
I'll do that. I'll set that up.
Alright, let's do it. We'll make a Naoki live journal or something.
Now don't go getting ideas and taking the name before we can get to it or we'll kick your ass.
Yeah, that's ours. I'll set you on fire.
We claim it. Dibs!
I'm not cold anymore, am I?
You're not cold anymore?
Well, that's because we've got the lights in here that make everything hot.
I went shopping this week.
What'd you buy?
Oh!
You've got a present for Jamie, don't you?
I bought Christmas gifts.
Let's have Jamie open her Christmas present live on air.
This will be fun.
Let's play some Christmas Eve music to celebrate.
You can't open it until I play music.
Now that I've got bills paid, I can go out and buy the rest of the presents that I need
to.
Yeah, it's kind of scary when you get down to $200 on your bank account and you've got
bills due.
Ah!
There we go, some nice Christmas music for you to be opening presents to.
God damn, what'd you tape this with?
Use packing tape.
Dark tape.
It looks like me. Oh my god!
You're quite the stooge, aren't you?
I am going to be in Allelukmen Heaven.
I have Quigley Down Under,
Die Hard,
Galaxy Quest,
Robin Hood Princess Thieves,
and Dogma Special Edition.
I'm a happy girl.
I've been drooled for hours.
Would you like to explain the Alan Rickman fetish to anybody that's new to our show?
He's hot, and I don't care how old he is, I love him.
I didn't know he was in Quigley Down Under. Wasn't this movie, like, really bad?
I don't know. I think that Tom Selleck is.
Yeah, but, like, ever since Magnum P.I., Tom Selleck, like, sucks.
There's a few I missed, though. Like, blow dry. I couldn't find that one.
That's okay. Something tells me Jamie's gonna be busy for a little while.
what I just picked up on laserdisc was a sense of sensibility if that isn't a
foofy chick flick I don't know what is
very cool Oh feeling the love here on orange launch radio I'm getting I'm
getting such great use out of my game too I love that thing more than anything
I play fantasy star online now I've went out and bought fantasy star online and
game just takes so much ass. I'm just trying to get some DDR people going in on that. There's
a little thread over on DDR Freak if you check the other games forum. There's a whole little
thread on Phantasy Star Online, so you should check that out because they're trying to form
a block and ship. Christmas is neat. We'll be doing a special
holiday episode next week on the 22nd actually be our year-end wrap-up too by
the way because we're not going to be doing actually I don't know I guess we
could do a show on the 29th it looks like my SoCal trip at the end of the
month may not happen I don't know yet it's a it's still a possibility up in
the air at this point so we shall see but I think either way we agreed we want
to tape that show why not we've got partying to do that's right yeah it's
yesterday. No, it was Friday night that we did the Fuck Off Show. We did a little Fuck
Off Show and then we decided to go to Rocky last night with another friend of ours, Neil
Bugd, who gives the web space, by the way. He is my Sky.cx webmaster. We all decided
to go to Rocky in the Bay Area because we don't have it here in SAC anymore. And we
had fun. It was the second week in a row, actually, that I'd been because we all went
the week before with Jabberwocky. It was fun. Good times. But we don't get out of there
until damn near three in the morning and then we had to go looking for diesel
because Neil's car runs off of diesel fuel he has one of those no he has a
Jetta but it's one of those special ones that runs off of diesel fuel so we had
to drive for like 45 minutes to find a place open 24 hours at diesel finally
found one and then we stopped at Denny's on the way back and Jabberwocky got into
an argument with a waitress over covered and smothered well it wasn't really an
argument it was more of a discussion not really this is crap you went to bed what
time did you go to bed three stayed up I stayed up looking for I think it was
Friday night I stayed up looking for this one picture that I could not find
is from for anyone who's seen Chamber of Secrets it was the scene with a snake
dueling and I wanted to find him dueling and I couldn't find it until like 4 30
a.m. I found it I did a post at the time that I found it and I finally finished
my new icon set but that was on your own your own personal live journal
which if you want to know what it is and go to the orange lounge community yes go to the
orange lounge live journal and look on the friends list there and they'll find me
I did a post on there about something that we're gonna play on the show tonight
for all the Animal Crossing addicts.
Do you want to give an Animal Crossing update? What's new in the world of Animal Crossing?
I want Olivia back.
We hung a sign out front of her house that calls her a bitch, because she is a bitch.
Ooh, we have a visitor! Hooray, doorbell!
Who's going to walk through the door?
For anyone who plays Animal Crossing, I'm sure you all go talk to KK, or Toto KK, as his name is.
And you can get a song from him, and he sings a little song and plays his little guitar,
so I have one of his songs that, uh, I won't tell you what it is until right before we
play it, unless you feel like playing it.
We will go to break very soon and we'll play that, and, uh, this break's gonna be interesting
because I'm actually gonna leave.
Yeah, we're kicking Rob out, we're making him get us food.
I'm gonna be gone for a little bit in the show.
We're making him get us, uh, caffeine.
You know what we'll do, though?
We'll let Dave live out a little fantasy of his, and we'll let him sit in the chair.
uh... but i don't know that they've got to sit on the floor of the city is on
the floor but he is in the chair
here is that the chair
fine and it is a terrorist
because this is this year
paid a what's up
for you problem
i came on
hiding
so what's new day if you're the only one that's actually got out played any
bimani this week what do you want it
we want to tell you did look at it
Saturday sucked ass.
Why?
Well Friday was cool because I went to Golf Land and everyone was there and it was like
we happy good time.
I know but everyone that normally goes there is there.
And then...
What I said is I wasn't there so it didn't count.
Yeah.
And so then that was cool and I said well Saturday is probably going to be the same
because everyone goes that day too.
And I went there and Will and Cedric were there for a little bit and then they left
and I was all alone.
I played so much in initial D. All by yourself!
I was dancing all alone, voodoo!
Were you dancing all alone in a kimono?
Yes, in the middle of Golf Land.
I actually did the nicest thing I've ever done in DDR.
Some guy offered to pay, you know, to see me play. He's like, oh you're so good!
Wow! You know how that happens sometimes. Was he hitting on you?
No, he was like 50 with his family, and he was like, oh, you have to see this guy.
I don't mean nothing. I was like, no, I'll pay for it, it's okay.
I did that, and I was like, wow. I'm so nice.
Wait, so like, you're nice because somebody gave you money to dance?
Dance, monkey, dance! No, but see, I didn't accept the money.
And I was like, damn, I'm so nice, and I'm so modest.
The last time somebody offered me tokens like that, I took them.
What in the hell is our chat room doing right now?
They're just typing dots.
They're on drugs.
I'm gonna kick the next person who types dots.
Let's see.
It's twin.
Oh, it's twin.
Yay.
Kick him.
But see, it takes them a while to get it.
Uh oh.
There's 23rd Megas.
We're having a kick fest.
But see, it's funny because the lag.
Yeah, I know.
The lag didn't know.
So they didn't even know about it.
Oh, he did it again.
See, that's just...
Oh, no, Joe Mama's playing cop for me. That's good.
If you'd want to join our chat room and join in the fun of getting booted repeatedly when you do bad things,
just go to our website, orangeloungelounge.ski.cx.
It's just that simple.
And then click on chat, and then all of the rules you need are right there.
and then, god our chat room is just
they're all on PMS tonight or something. Everyone's on happy crack.
Speaking of happy crack I need Twinkies. Speaking of happy crack I'm going to make a run right now so
we're going to take a quick break
we'll be back and when we come back I'm not gonna be here so you'll get your sim
update
and who knows what's gonna happen while I'm not here. I don't know I'm scared.
During this break though we are going to give everyone a little
the taste of Animal Crossing.
Yes, we will have you intro that in just one moment.
We come back and then you're going to do your Sim update, correct?
Yes.
And then you'll talk about your Trinity Mix 3 troubles and you guys will basically own
this show.
Well then, while Rob's pulling up the song, I'll go ahead and...
Yes, please talk about the song.
This particular one is the Eurobeat piece that's in Animal Crossing.
as long as DJ KK, if ever you're interested in pulling it up.
And go ahead and give a listen.
This is actually the one with him singing it, so enjoy.
And also during this break, we'll
play one more track from the Good Cool CD
and some other random crap.
Enjoy.
Me, me, quit quit, oh oh oh, quit quit, me oh me me, oh oh me oh, me me, quit quit, oh
Oh, what a group! Oh, what a group!
A groove, groove, groove like this makes your body move, move, move
You got to feel the music, feel the way it flows
Feel the vibrations from your head down to your toes
Do you remember the time that I need you?
I know you know everything that you do Do you remember the time that I want you?
But you throw me on the floor and you're my love
So you, you have had a bad day
So I'll wait to my peace, yeah
You have had a ball
I want to tell you more
You have had a bad day
And I can't watch me anymore
You have had a ball
I lay on my knees
Call me son
You have got it now
Go away to my place
You have got it now
I want you telling me
You have got it now
I can't care what you even say
You have got it now
A little night, it's a golden sun
Every night
I hear your voice
Every night
We will be here.
Thank you!
Oh my god!
What am I to do?
I want to know what you are doing!
We will play a show for the next time.
Yes!
Ha! Ha! Ha!
Ha! Ha!
Gajong! Gajong!
Gajong! Gajong!
Ha! Ha! Ha!
Maa! Maa!
Gajong! Gajong!
right
12
yah
🐾
heart
peace and equality
let's lay together let's live in harmony
Pusco Sky give your head on the rise
Say things that don't rock so well C'mon bro, let me ring your bell
Still love to fight you with a bird of desire All alone and I'm packed in a bowl
You gotta feel the pain if you wanna gain
Dance, with the bump you get loose I hit the floor directly to the roof
You can't jump when the beat gets drunk Dance, burning like the rising sun
Cool, kick the nation with the groove Then we rock the place when the bitch gets moved
Bro, from the head top case Education while we say grace
Yeah, a magical mystery fiend Check it out, yeah, the hit house scene
Come on girl, let's ring your bell Still in the body with a burnin' eye, yuh
All alone and I'm back to the ball You gotta feel the pain if you're on a game
Work that body, work that body Make sure you don't hurt nobody
Girl, be my lady Come on girl, I wanna rock your baby
Yeah, beautiful for that big, thin, big, big wig.
Step by the orange paths, this GDR sucks.
Holler!
Holler!
Holler!
Stup, stup, stup, Stup, hooray!
Stup, hooray!
Stup, stup, stup, stup, hooray!
DTPO.
Hey, we're back and stuff.
I have the chair.
Yay.
Cheer! Cheer! Cheer! Cheer! Cheer! Cheer!
That's old. That's like AI 2000. And I have nothing.
Yay. Damn, you suck. I do.
I love that scarf. That's so cool. Dude, he's checking out my scarf. I can
get you a Ravenclaw one, if you want.
Rob didn't leave fast enough so we had to kill him. It has a birthday present. I buried his body.
Well, I didn't really bury it yet. No, Rob's getting me chocolate so I'm happy.
and then we're getting boba later
we're going to tapioca express afterwards
play the max 2 that's been recently installed, hey that's local news
there's the max 2 supposedly has been upgraded over at uh...
tapioca express in davis so uh... we're gonna go check out that action
how far away is that?
it's like thirty minute drive from here
something like that
not too far away
anyway we need our um... our update, our sim update thingy
Next week is going to be the official judging of it and then you'll see on the 22nd actual submissions come online for you to check out.
So look for that.
Aside from that, not too much going on.
They finished the PowerPower graphics for StepMania, so
you'll see that in the new update probably soon.
And DWI haven't really been paying attention to what kind
of updates are going on there, so no big deal.
DDR UK finally finished updating all
their booster packs.
So you've got full sets of pretty much all the official
files with the official graphics for the most part.
And so go check those out for sure.
And aside from that, not too much else.
Just more files on DDR Maniacs, so go check those out.
Some pretty cool ones.
And I'm redoing my entire site.
Well, not my entire site, but the download section of it.
I'm sorting them all into 2DX-style categories.
And I'm actually going to be doing a mass upload of a bunch
of different files, so you'll see a bunch of
those coming soon.
brain only have a few of them that
is trained
uh... what
okay
we don't
snore when you talk
so don't snore
not out loud please
just or when i talk when he talks out this is your boring
you don't get a scarf
i am boring
of course you know kids deadline for my uh...
Make Edit Get Porn Contest, if I remember correctly, is next Sunday.
Get your edits in, if you haven't yet.
Dave has entered, and if no one else enters, he will sweep the whole competition.
Has anyone else entered yet?
I will win, and all the porn will be mine!
I'll enter. Why not?
I want porn.
I want man porn, but I want porn.
If I get boob porn, then I can give it to people.
Dave, you don't get any porn.
Sorry, Dave.
No porn for you.
No porn for you!
I'm not entering for the porn.
I'm entering for the recognition of women.
No, you can't have the chair back.
The porn is a bonus.
Holy crap, that was fast.
Where's my cupcakes?
I would have been back before the break was even finished if that stupid bitch in front
bitch in front of me in line, knew how to use her goddamn ATM card in the little slider.
My preemptive F.U. of the week?
No, you need to save it for the F.U.s of the week.
Ugh, fine, I'll save it, but, oh man, what a bitch.
Maybe we should just do the F.U.s of the week.
Well, we gotta wait for the chat room to submit theirs.
We gotta give them time to send theirs.
You wanna do the F.U.s of the week right now?
We can do them in a minute, but Matt's still finishing his-
Oh, okay, I'm sorry.
Well, okay, chat room-
Yeah, Rob!
Chat room, send me your F.U.s of the week over private message, or send them to Jamie's name
right now so uh...
what is actually ok at change it back to sky ok child semi refuse a week sky and
we'll get to those right after lucky finishes by
yeah uh... that i get a chair again
okay i guess i get the floor again
and floor is cool word up to the floor
go for it
uh...
uh... yeah so you'll probably see some more stuff on there i know for a fact
that i'm gonna have alien world uh...
the D.W.I. for that coming up on my site. Also, I'm supposed to be getting some D.W.I.s
for Starry Eyes Surprise and a few other songs. So you'll be seeing those also hosted on my
site. So just check for that and that's it. And we're ready to go. Whoa, food! I got food.
Dude, this is awesome. Rob came back with chocolate cupcakes for me and now my scarf
is being worn by Dave. But you're not Slytherin, yo.
and guess what i brought back for dave
nothing
yeah
in this country i don't need anything
i'm content with sitting here on the floor in my scarf
that matches my sweatshirt
yeah
you're you're one of those boring or even call
written quite tight
and i think they're staying with one
if you can correct
now in harry potter talk
They'd better have a hot person play her.
Dude, Rob got fluffy balls.
Oh, oh, oh.
Propell, because Propell is the drink of the gods.
I've only had it once, and that was when I had some of yours.
Do you want some Propell?
Okay.
No.
Everyone's being mean to me tonight.
Here, have my other bottle of Propell.
Okay, anyway.
One thing that somebody in the chat room wanted to mention in your sim update,
I believe this was sent to me by Twen.
Feet of Fury got an update to it, and this is really interesting.
Actually, no update has been released, but there was some news on it.
So let me see if I can load up that news. I've got to go to one of my websites here so I can get the quote on that.
Because this is going to be interesting. This is something that begs being talked about here before we get into the FUs of the week.
It's begging with a cup and everything.
Yes, it's begging for your dollars. Literally, it's begging for a dollar.
Okay, so this is what the latest update was posted over at cagames.com, I believe is the
site correct?
Yes, cagames.com.
These are the folks that make Feet of Fury.
This is a DDR emulator for the Dreamcast, and we talked about this a couple weeks ago
on the big program.
And I think our consensus was most of the people didn't particularly care for it.
I thought for a first mix it was okay, but it had a long way to go.
But most people here didn't care for it, DDR has kind of surpassed that right now, but
I don't know.
I think the Homebrew Dreamcast stuff is just cool to begin with.
But you need to play some good songs.
It's like trying to play SSR on Happy Craft because everything is flat.
And I'm being corrected, it's not an emulator, it's a simulator.
Get over it, I don't care, same thing.
Okay, it's not the same thing.
It's getting to play DDR for free, that's what it is.
It all comes down to the same thing.
Anyway, the news update says this.
Been a while since I posted some news, but two quick items.
They got the results back from IGF and they didn't get into the finals.
I don't know what that is.
Very surprising considering the bend of the contest is still disappointing.
I guess it was some kind of homemade games thing.
The second thing is that they're going to do a final release of Feed a Fury.
They're going to do it in March of 2003.
They've been doing a lot of stuff behind the scenes.
They haven't had time to really finish the game, so they're going to do it then.
The bigger news is that the finished Feed a Fury game will be sold rather than posted
online.
They may do another preview version at that time with more bug fixes, better hardware
support, better swap CD options, but if you get the real press CD, the sold one, you're
going to be treated to a lot more songs, more gameplay modes, and etc.
So I think they're begging to get a lawsuit, I agree.
I don't know, unless it's radically different from DDR, they might be in some trouble for
doing that.
Then again, Pump It Up survived this whole time, who knows.
There's also all the other clones out there that no one hears about that lurk around on
eBay.
There's Technomotion, Easy to Dancer.
They're not trying to sell StepMania.
I mean, Pump It Up at least had different notes, this is still up, down, left, right.
thing. Well, okay, remember though, Feed a Fury, the first thing it was didn't even
have normal DDR mode. All it was was a Dance Magic-like mode, which had
different things, and it looked different, but I mean, at its concept, if Konami
wanted to proceed with, you know, trying to get something against them, it probably
could do it, because it is very similar to Dance Magic, which was in Disney's
Disney's Mix that they released here in the U.S. already. Let's hear it for Disney's Rave.
in the u.s. it's mix happen to have Disney's right I know I know yes
regardless of whether they're gonna get busted or not we will be looking forward
to that release we will I'm sure get a copy of a feet of fury and talk about
Rob will we will not the rest of us are not going to get it I will stay on top
Are you going to get it now?
Maybe, because I don't use my Dreamcast for anything.
I use my Dreamcast to play Rainbow Cotton.
You know what I use my Dreamcast for?
Paperweight?
No, I use it to play Nintendo games.
For Nestor DC, that's all I use my Dreamcast for.
All in Soul Calibur.
I play Plio Da.
Plio Da is cool.
Plio Da is awesome.
Well, I had some questions in the chat room and wanted me to ask the Loki about this,
if you've seen this.
Actually, all of us, really.
The Flash Flash Revolution.
Have you seen that?
What do you think?
I don't like flash games, especially in dial-up.
Flash games all suck, and the same with the DDR.
I played it, and I was like, eh, whatever.
It took forever to load, and it wasn't that impressive.
Okay, I mean, I saw it, and it was basically like, there's nothing special about it, it's
just downloaded choppy DDR emulator, simulator, whatever it's called.
It has less songs, less variety than something like Stylania, so I don't see why you would play that.
Is that like that Delight Delight reduplication? That old, older account?
No, no, it's just like you download the song, or you go to the site and click on the flash game.
Have you ever played different little flash games or whatever? It's just like that.
And then the notes scroll up the screen and you have to hit the arrows at the same time.
Well, if you guys want to be really cool, you can go back to DDR99.
If anyone ever remembers that with the MSD files, they actually have a plugin for Winamp they can get for that.
That was like, I don't know, a couple years ago. So go check that out if you really want to play this stupid Flash crap.
I mean, there's nothing really special about it.
You could play Dance Dance Karnov.
And it's really choppy, and I don't think it was synced too well. So, no.
How many people remember Dance Dance Karnov?
I have it.
was an old Nintendo game that really sucked and so they did like a DDR flash simulator
with Karnov. Yeah, but do you know it's cool? Last week I saw DDR on the graphic calculator
which I had never seen before. Okay, that's like really retarded. That's the funniest
thing I've heard in my entire life. You know it was funny though. At least with pole position
you could like play it and it hadn't made sense, but DDR, no music, hello, what's he
going to do, click at you? DDR, no music, no flashing, just the arrow, scroll up the
the screen. There's one BPM for all four songs. It's just the notes on basic.
Actually, you're incorrect. You can do sound with the calculator, but you have to build
your own speakers. I have a message. I have a message for the
person that created DDR for the graphing calculator. Nerd.
Get a life. Get a fucking life. Go outdoors. Smell a flower or something. Get a girlfriend,
a boyfriend who cares
go out and get laid
something that borden calculus
say jesus
although yes secretly all that yes kind of cool
i hope the god that didn't leave
that window on when i left
you know i i i think i think i think
at least aces
otherwise they're all my good
okay i'm not even say just in case
I used to sit in chemistry class and play pole position on a graphic calculator. That was cool.
I used to sit there in calculus and copy all the formulas that we were supposed to memorize for the test onto the calculator.
I had them memorized anyway. To this day, I still remember that a mole is 6.02 times 10 to the negative 23rd power.
That is astonishing.
6.022.
Astonishing.
Oh yeah.
They've been talking in the chat room.
It has come up lately, but when I was in school we learned it was just 6.02.
When we were talking about Flash Flash Revolution, somebody brought up Black Lab Invoke This,
he said, Flash ruined the internet. Which kind of goes back to what we were talking
about a couple nights ago on the Fuck Off show. What ruined the internet?
Actually, actually, I was just... Papa Bats ruined the internet, yes.
I posted some links actually on our website about stupid knockoff DDR things that someone
actually came up with a full-body like DDR thing with sent motion-captured
sensors on his body to for like DDR is called they're making obscene shapes out
of pretzels they've got boobs and penises just ignore him Loki continue
hit you I don't get it it's looks what it's a pretzel yeah anyway so basically
It's like almost if you cross DDR with like say, I don't actually it was more like a Samba de Amigo
It was very much like that
You know how you have to strike poses and stuff with that pretty much like that you have the match poses that thing did so
It's like a music game
Like that that someone is supposed to develop also. I read there's another thing. I found that someone's developing a
DDR sim for ps2 Linux
Nerd!
Dude, now I'm thinking about getting a Linux kit for my PS2.
That's all I have.
Dude, that would be cool, you need to get, the only reason I wanted is to get those things
that people were programming, you know, that's the whole reason I wanted the Gato's A for
the first PlayStation, was so that I could have my friend program me Galaga.
And that was like a version of Galaga that actually was a challenge.
knows I'm an old namco whore sorry konami I've been giving a been given a
flash that we have to play over the internet because it'll make us cool or
something like that if this is it's called spider-man and if this is that
spider-man's gay thing I'm gonna I'm gonna start punching people randomly in
the chat room because that thing's stupid that's right you're getting banned
if this is that stupid spider-man is gay thing we're waiting for yes after this
have used the we're waiting for this to load here
eighty three eighty six eighty eight
right or slow
he shut up i'm doing a show here
what the fuck
it's in a foreign language
i hate you
this is the worst flash i've ever seen
Alright, wait, hold on, hold on. That's getting a kick.
You know what the best Flash was, though, that was along those lines?
It was the Mega Man one where he danced to Twinbee from 2DX.
I just... I kicked EOSFVB for that
worst Flash ever. That was so funny.
Oh, Rob, I actually learned the whole dance now.
I know the whole dance, so you'll have to play that promo when we come back.
all right maybe we will move
okay at least
all right yes let's do the f use of the week
are terrible and i have that is
if you want to join our chair by the way just head over to our website orange
lounge dot s k i e dot c x
and then uh... and then might draw chat bomb rob with uh... many p m s about a
yeah i'd like to share is the week
yes tell us what you'd like to fuck i'm going back to the fact that
i'm not going back to the old school slag work this week just because
I'll have a new song after that, by the way.
Ooh, cool.
Okay, here we go.
Okay, my first F.U. of the week is Writer's Block.
Okay, actually, this sort of links back to my old one about my hard drive.
For people who don't know, my hard drive died. I mean, completely died. It broke.
And I lost
chapter five... Actually, I lost every fanfic I'd ever written, but really
importantly, I'd lost the fifth chapter of the one I'm currently working on.
I was like
twenty five hundred words into it
which uh... for me that's
a good bit that's actually a third of the fanfic of the chapter right there
the last few chapters I've written ended up topping over six thousand words a piece
uh... marin's in the chat room right now and says you need to write more
yes i'm sorry marin chan
oh my bad marin
uh... who by the way uh...
For anybody who remembers the DVR Freak Moderator strip, she's my friend that I went to lunch
with when we were there and hung out with.
She got to see me incredibly drunk at Star Trek Experience, sorry.
Anyway, on that note, I was really, really pissed off about it and didn't want to write
anything for like a week or so.
And I started writing on it again, and wouldn't you know it, I get started on it, I'm on a
roll, Dan's like, hey, you wanna go get food?
Let's go get food.
had some lovely French toast, and then came back, and I couldn't write. I really couldn't
think of anything. I was like, well what the hell can you think of? I had it really dark
before, I mean really, like, disgustingly dark. And um, I decided to take it a little
bit lighter, and do the really dark stuff on the last few chapters, and then I just
blanked. So, that sucks.
That's it? Oh.
If you go to fanfiction.net, look up Dark Sakura, my fanfics there, it's a Digimon fic. Like all my other ones there. And if you read it, leave me reviews. Reviews are special and they make me happy.
Yeah, fuck people who don't leave me reviews because you suck.
Okay, my other question of the week is, well, okay, I can't really blame him for this, but you know, fuck losing my cable, because even though I don't watch TV, I occasionally like the option of watching it, so I can see Buffy.
Iron Chef.
No, we didn't even, I don't even like watching that, but, um, well, I like watching it when I'm with other people that don't know me.
It's not a BuffyCon, it's like a sci-fi con, but I'm gonna go see my man.
Buffy ruined the internet.
No! No pop-ups ruined the internet.
We're gonna do a list list on what ruined the internet. I think maybe that should be our topic for tonight.
Okay.
You wanna do that? Okay, we're gonna do a list list tonight, and that'll be the topic.
What ruined the internet? Alright.
Okay. Um, but uh...
These things are salty.
Buffy's pretzels, but I'll be...
kostjamrh Yeah, that's it. Bob, stop eating your balls.
kostjamrh I like my balls, they're big and fluffy.
kostjamrh I think we need to go to the next F.U.
kostjamrh Lowkey, let's hear from you.
kostjamrh I have no saliva because of these pretzels.
kostjamrh Need Zalavex.
kostjamrh No French kissing for you.
kostjamrh Anyways, ugh.
this weather. It has to be stupid drivers. I hate stupid drivers. I hate stupid drivers
to try to pull out in front of me. I hate stupid drivers to drive 40 miles under the
speed limit. I hate them. They're stupid. Especially this old bitch that was behind
yesterday going down the south watt. She's going 25 miles an hour. There's 20 cars behind
her. I was like, fuck you. So I went around her and everyone honked at her and flipped
off and try to veer off the road, so that doesn't work.
And after you two dial up email.
Fucking A, I have my Turning Mix 3 thing done, and I can't submit it because it's like, no.
I want a time out.
Sorry.
So, I can't, either, one way or another, my stupid file's coming online tonight, you know,
whether it be, you know, in the official judging for Turning Mix 3 or on my website.
One way or another, it's up there.
And yeah, I don't know. I don't have too much to go with right now because I'm happy with
pretzels. So, I'll think of something later, I'm sure.
Alright. In the meantime, my turn. Alright. First of all, F you to the rain. I know it's
needed and all, but fuck, I hate driving in it. It's the worst. It makes everybody drive
like an ass, and I have this intense fear of hydroplaning every time I kick up a puddle.
I think I'm going to die. I hate it.
I want a hydroplane. I've never done it before.
No, it sucks. It's awful. Go to hell.
I want a hydroplane, but like when no one else is around so I can like do a 720 and then keep going.
You're a scary man and I hope they never give you a license.
My other F.U. of the week goes to that stupid bitch at Walgreens who didn't know how to use her ATM card thing.
Here's a hint.
If you don't know how to use your ATM card to pay for your food, you need to fucking just go get cash and do it that way.
wait god
i hate people to hold up the line because they're retarded
get a life
that's it
i don't think i have any other i thought i had other easily as you do uh...
christmas carols i can't get away from them
now it's my turn
yes it is
and then
first of all
all my god you are so cool
seven gives reviews okay
uh... my first thank you
goes to all the people
to give me sympathy
because my birthday is the day after christmas
myself all that
is to get all your friends at the same way of it and i know you don't you're
chill i know but i don't think that's not so bad to get all your presence and
i'm like no i'm doing this year's weird people hanukkah at a weird time this
year it was so early
i was long over
yeah honey like no one got me anything
and says like okay
i'm not getting him because it's pretty
First, you gotta remember about Hanukkah. It's like, what? Christmas? When's that, huh? Did it happen yet? No? Yes?
Okay. Secondly-
Oh, Christmas is just that day you don't have to go to school or you get off work randomly.
Christmas is fun because it's the day before my birthday.
I get to go skiing because everyone else is going fucking eating, you know, turkey and shit.
Okay. Anyway, my second nephew goes to my stupid fat fucking bitch Spanish teacher.
oh my god she must weigh like 500 pounds if you've ever seen the movie herculea is the animated one
like she looks like the titan who's the like the earth titan or whatever there's just a giant blob
of mush except the female version her ankle is bigger than my neck i kid you not and she's so
fat and she speaks in an italian accent the spanish so you can't understand a fucking word
and she's like okay kiddos remember the test today what test what okay project what and then we all
fail i have a d right now and that's keeping me from doing shit that i want to do in my mom's
moment okay i'm done all right let's hear from the chat room then
first i'm going to open up the email bag i'm going to open up the email bag because we have
We have some late FUs from last week. These come from Muhymer, who sent these in last
week for last week's show, except he must not have been in on Saturday when we were
actually taping the show. So we sent these in on Sunday and we weren't here. We were
running a tape. He says as much as he enjoys hearing things that piss Jamie off the whole
show, he needs to contribute his own stuff. So fuck non-individualistic people who are
too worried of what other people will think of them. Fuck, fuck them. Fuck my so-called
friends for not going to the movies with me because it was a whole ten minutes out of
the way. They have a DDR machine there, yay. So I had to go with only two people instead
of who I wanted to go with. Fuck that DDR machine at the movies because it didn't have
a good screen quality and it made me look suckier than I really am, which is pretty
sucky anyway. Fuck Pierce Brosnan for getting to make Sweet Lovin' to Halle Berry instead
of me. Don't forget that Billy Bob Thornton also got to make Sweet Lovin' to Halle Berry
in that movie and she was all topless and stuff too, Monsters Ball. That movie's fucked
up though. I've never seen a movie that made me want to kill myself, but Monsters Ball
just makes you want to die. Don't rent it, it's awful. It's not funny! How is that movie
funny? It was horrible! Go on Kazaa and just type in Halle Berry naked and just watch the
ten second clip. Don't rent the whole movie. Did she show her titties to die another day
another day or something
i think so
and most of all you know i knew that
i just found a picture of my man and i'm staring at him and ignoring the naked
halle's home
you know she went to her parents are better paid all you do it there and
google alan rickman play my fucking music
thank you to halle berry for ruining the character of storm and x-men thank you
fucked up the accent fucked up the whole movie are you saying halle berry ruined
the internet
No, I'm saying she would go into X-Men.
By the way, the trailer is out for X2.
It's looking to be good, but the bitch is still in it.
So fuck her for existing.
Are there snowboarders or extreme sports in that movie?
A third one, they can just call it Triple X.
Whoa.
I was very disappointed that that movie has no porn in it whatsoever.
What a misleading title.
Triple X, you expect, like, you know, booby shot, something like that, but no.
Like the Matt Hoffman's triple X BMX or whatever that's called
I don't know if it's Matt Hoffman or but whatever that one was that one was better than triple X
I mean fuck propel propel just spit up in my face
It's it's called BMX X X and I got a copy for free on Xbox
Well, Dan did
I'm sorry, thanks. I'm gonna tell you what ruined x-men. I'm gonna tell you right here. What ruined x-men
On that note, here, this is what ruined X-Men.
Do you know what happens when lightning hits a toad?
Same thing that happens to everything else.
Gosh, he sucks.
Who let that get in the script? That was the stupidest thing I've heard in my entire life.
Delivered by the stupidest person.
God!
It was for all the eight-year-old little kids who watched the little TV show.
And so they can go repeat that line over and over again.
Well, fuck kids.
Fuck kids!
They'd be like, no!
Don't fuck kids!
What happens when lightning hits a tote?
Well, um, I don't know.
Sounded cool, though.
No, it was dumb.
If they explode, that's kind of neat.
Anyway.
Oh yes, we still have fuck yous.
Yeah.
And now we have Muhimers, this week's fuck yous.
Fuck my swim coaches for being lazy and dumb and whatnot, fuck lame projects, and fuck
the crazy DDR machine that poor Loki couldn't hack.
Poor Loki.
And he spells Loki L-O-K-I-E, which I think is really cute.
actually uh... i demand that we start calling you look
with i got i got uh... some more stuff out of there i got these public schools
including the uh...
that's kind of funny is they actually have all the sound samples from all the
bases on the machine
from all the makes even the ddr second makes battle sample
do you know i've got all those
so it's like the old announcer and everything
all the old answers from first all the way up to match it in can lady
uh... no no solo stuff they think so it's not free credit uh... you know i
want those
i've got all the sample doesn't my a little things can be all the d r
if this will have a lot but a little
but not as an a-level
but
okay
okay well because alright i'm using a clear and i have the people for the
background
and the logo of the special fluid logo it's going to happen
What the fuck AOL?
Can I finish with the chatroom now? No.
WhackWab
says uh... my god he's got a lot here
uh... F you. Fuck finals, I hate finals. Fuck the rain for starting on Friday
instead of Saturday because I had to ride my bike in the rain to both my finals
on Friday.
Fuck the owner of TapXpress for not unlocking the Max 2 machine after it
was installed. God knows why he didn't do it.
Fuck the 49ers for not winning today. Fuck allergies. Just fuck them.
I missed all my classes this week before finals because I was sick.
And fuck you, Grant.
He needs to die so I can move up one rung on my girlfriend's ladder of love.
Wait a minute, why aren't you number one on your girlfriend's ladder of love?
That's fucked up right there.
Why is there a ladder that you need to move up rungs on?
Do you need a promotion?
If you're not one, then you should at least be number two or three, I'm thinking.
I mean, you sound like you're number eighteen or nineteen right now.
It's bad when they say they need to settle for you.
We're gonna get our butt kicked by Black Lab in about five seconds as soon as the buffer gets to him.
You know what? I have another actress I'd like to say fuck you to.
Alrighty.
Linda Fiorentino.
Cause she's so sucked in Dogma.
That part was written for Alanis, and Alanis declined it, but then came back and said,
No, I guess I'll be in the movie, and Kevin Smith said, Oh, well, I have a better part for you anyway, so that's why she's gone.
Jeanine Garofalo should have had it.
Who, God?
No.
Oh, that would have been cool.
Jeanine Garofalo should have had it.
Oh, that would have been cool.
And they actually went back and said they should have given it to her.
But no, Linda Tarantino.
Anyway, keep going with Chet Room.
Okay, yes.
They can use my music if they want to.
moving on to twin fuck us for dissing PETA FURY he wants to fuck the ferret
PETA FURY SUCKS he wants to fuck a tree he wants to fuck anything here
fuck not owning an ignition pad fuck not playing his promo fuck Christmas for
being too far away and fuck twin for ruining the internet and ruining the
internet and MIRC well that's cool and he would like to point out that
that Halle Berry's tits are shown for ten seconds in Swordfish.
And this is for people who can't get laid.
Actually, only like four or five. Maybe six. Maybe.
It's just like, I'm reading a book. Whoa! I don't have clothes on.
That was kind of like, what's-her-name in the Thomas Crown Affair. She's kind of an
older lady, but she's still, you know, considering her age, she still has some very nice looking
titties
for being a little sick in the beach
uh... i don't want awful movie i watch the order of the capital of the
uh... right moving on
i have for now
so caltech says fuck you to all in in my for both canceling on me this weekend
resulting in shit getting done on so caltech's
always not a good thing if you get work done
i think you know like you confused me sir all resulting in jack shit we said
resulting in shit in the negative fashion I will see I'm sure I'm sure we
will get a clarification Dave's heads on the floor and I can totally kick him in
the head now cool DCB says f you to the rain and he wants me to hold off playing
some originals till towards the end of the show that's fine
strays I wants to send a continued f you to his ex to his parents and the bite
sized f you to I can't say that because we don't do personal f us on here on top
Of all the basics, I want to kick out an F.U. to the power in his house. I went over ten, twelve hours yesterday without power.
And by the way, to your last thing, the answer is no.
We put a question mark.
Not just no, but hell no.
He put a question mark. Like, I want to? I don't know.
When you decide, let me know and I'll still tell you no.
I am not seeing her in the chat room in a long time. She's always idling and somehow gets disconnected.
asking to get back together with you
i'm just laughing as black labs telling up to one of the chat room going please
go get laid please
again
like a daily occurrence anyway
uh...
host by the way stresses says it's okay
he cries and and you laughing at school so
Oh yeah, I have another F.U. I just remembered now.
No, I just think that Dan would kick his ass.
I have an F.U. to my camera. The camera I just bought.
Because all the pictures it takes are way too dark. That's it.
I didn't even have time to change music.
Maybe we should give you a flashlight to carry around with it.
It doesn't matter, you can have the sun behind you and it wouldn't matter.
I still got a million F.U.s to get through here.
Brack2000 says, uh, flash flash, oh whoops.
That was another F.U. for, er, that was a hint for earlier in the show.
FU to EOSFBB for making him hear the catch-up song, and he cried.
I thought my ears were going to bleed.
The background song, by the way, is Cheer Train from 2DX7 style, for those that were inquiring.
23rd Magus says, FU to Skrull for delaying his work on his tournaments entry.
It was a good one, too, Invasion of the Gabba Robots, all your base.
I'm sure that would have been beautiful.
I should put a page on my website.
the uh... three-month three entries that would have been in there for a week
got lazy and in fact i want to put mine in there too
uh... i'd ever finished mine either
well i also have a nephew to my manuscript for not working with mozilla
which the browser of the gods
but screw it but bad javascript
but mother nature you do not make me walk home four blocks and horizontal
rain
usf vb says fuck you today if he didn't get anything for the mystical rob epic
requests, so he at least deserves an F.U.
Um, what?
I have no idea what they're talking about.
I have no fucking idea what he's talking about.
What the hell are you talking about?
Uh, fuck you to Bobby Flay for crying like a bitch to get his rematch against Morimoto
and then winning a couple of years ago.
Wasn't that a... what?
Dude, that was such bullshit.
He got up, he like stood up on his little chopping board, he's like,
I'm gonna win!" And then he got his ass beat. And then he all came back. Morimoto's like,
no, he doesn't deserve to win. He disgraces himself as a chef because he stands on his
equipment. He can still do that. And then he gets back later. They go to Japan. And
he takes off the chopping board. And he puts it aside. And then he stands on the table.
And it's like, okay, you're still a jackass. You're just an idiot. And then, I don't know,
I don't know, they said that he won, but that's such bullshit. They must have rigged some shit.
Because Morimoto is the king.
just angsty little people
uh... if you to starbucks on broadway for being so slow says skyline d c five
oh five and it said it made him late to zero period
i'll teach it to the starbucks
the power says at the sleep because the sleeping schedules all screwed up if you
do is what the drive since yesterday and safe mode whenever you want to put a
file on a floppy disk
and also if you do you grant
because that
The pig in his Animal Crossing game because he magically changed his roof color to yellow
and it's been red since he started his game and now it's fucking yellow.
And also an F.U. to EOSFBB since he set an F.U. to Vidpower last week when Vidpower wasn't
here.
So, ha!
Yeah, I had two people paint my roof in my town.
That pissed me the fuck off.
Dude, they painted mine Pepto-Bismol pink. I hate Ed.
I'll get paid for this little show.
That's a good...
Oh God, my sight hurts.
That was good.
No, we don't.
In fact, we pay to do it.
That's the sad part.
Send your checks.
Send it to me.
No, the best way you could pay us is to whore this station out to all your friends and listen all the time.
We need to break our limit.
Yeah, we need to break our limit.
What? What? What? Jamie is loose.
Just kidding.
They're offering... They said we should set up a PayPal account. Well, we didn't do that
because we don't think people would actually donate to that.
Well, if you want to pay me, it would be NightmareHunter at yahoo.com. I have a PayPal account
set up to send money, and I'll be appreciative.
That was immediately followed by PayPal ruined the internet.
paypal ruined my bank account when I had paypal
because we were like, oh let's buy neogeo cartridges
at $300 a piece, we can pay with paypal, it's easy and convenient
however it did facilitate me getting Mega Man X4 on Saturn
or Rockman X4
get all your friends to listen to the station
and take us out for dinner
and play around on their website. What you can do, you can set Orange Lounge Radio to
your very favorite radio station. And if enough people do that, then we start getting discounts
from Live 365. So if you want to kind of inadvertently give us money without giving us money, go
set Orange Lounge Radio as your favorite station on Live 365. Just go into your presets. You
just have to add Orange Lounge Radio as a preset. And then you're going to say which
one of your presets do you want to make your favorite station? Select Orange Lounge Radio
And we're all happy campers.
And I also do appearances.
I don't charge that much by hours, so look me up.
Yes, that's great if Orange Launch Radio is already
in your presets.
But if you want to make it your favorite preset,
that's even better.
And we love you lots for that.
That's right.
Helps us pay bills.
See, I don't need to do that, because I just have a link
or a shortcut to my desktop.
So I don't even need to go on the I-365 for this.
It sucks having a screen name for like 8 years.
Because I get so much junk mail on it now.
my Dark Sakura thing. By the way, you know, I have to say something that I'm going to
actually retract one of my old FUs.
Oh! Oh! Jamie is going to retract an old FU, so what do I do? Do I play Slagwort backwards?
Do I play a happy song? What do I play?
No.
Okay. Another FU to Pepsi and pretzels because I feel like I'm going to explode.
Cool, do it.
No, um, play something happy.
Play something happy.
Play, um, the Changma song.
The Changma song?
Yeah.
You know what, I don't think I have Changma cued up.
I'm sorry.
How about, um, we can play, like...
We're playing old.
Old? Boys?
No.
Boom Boom Dollar?
My Fire? Bad Girls?
Let's get down.
Let's get down. Okay, this is a happy song.
Alright.
I'm retracting my F.U. about the people who sent me instant messages because now I couldn't hop on my DJ Celica. I'm going to go ahead and say it. I have a username now. I'm not going to give the full one out but it's primarily DJ Celica. That's one of my AIM names. That is not the full AIM name by the way because I'm not going to say the whole thing on the air.
I would sign on that and get no less than 17 IMs in one sitting.
You should have seen it during the time that Shaft was going on.
Because I counted it during my first five minutes of being online without an away message.
I had 30 IMs! 30! 13! I counted them!
You're so popular.
So I'm actually really happy to say that I was on my name for a little while yesterday.
I had the thing on for 10 minutes without an away message, and I didn't get a single message, so thank you.
However, one of my other AOL names that used to go on all the time, that one's gotten better.
There's people who are not randomly IMing me when I haven't given them the name their permission to IM me.
Although I have to say, I took one of my names off of hiding, and lo and behold, even after
8 years, I'm still getting 20 million messages on that name, so I put it back on hiding.
I'm gonna go and be more specific with who I let see that one.
And the people, by the way, who I don't mind messaging me, you know who you are, and I
never care.
But for all those random people who, like, I barely know or maybe see, like, you know,
once I've seen you at, like, a tournament or something, or I haven't known you for longer
than at least two years, you know, you know, give me a few minutes to sit on line and just
be there for a while before you decide, oh my God, I have to talk to Jamie right now!
Unless your house is burning.
Unless your house is burning and then call a fireman, right?
i have your fire department
i'd never had to talk about that
i accept that it was unfortunately
by a
a well it's a messenger
thing is that sacramento low-key zero
so if uh...
you happen to be on there
go ahead and i am the well wait i'm never on their haha i know this uh... that's
what i do i just don't use it's a bit
but i think
if we're done with RFUs of the Week.
Yeah.
Okay, I actually have an announcement.
Announcement.
Announcement.
Announcement.
A horrible way to die.
A horrible way to die.
A horrible way to die.
Rob, I'm going to hit you with a ferret.
Ow!
Anyway, um...
I want a pretzel.
I got a pretzel for Saha.
Anyway, um, this announcement, I don't know if anyone remembers me mentioning the, uh,
The thing based off a radio drama based off of Johnny the Homicidal Maniac, there's one
position left open we need your audition reel.
The position left open, if I remember correctly, is the drunken zombie date.
If you're going to audition for this, you can go ahead and send me your auditions.
We'll send it to the Orange Lounge thing because we don't know how big the file size is and
I really don't mind giving out my email over the web because like I said I get tons of
spam anyway so you can send it to darksacra.aol.com.
That was just by the way the name that's hidden from anybody ever knowing that I'm online so
go ahead.
You can buddy list that all you want to because you'll never see it but go ahead and email
Tell me your voice acting reel, your audition to Dark Sakura at AOL.com.
What kind of voice would that be?
Is it a whiny goth boy voice?
Drunken zombie date.
Drunken zombie date.
I think it's drunk.
I don't know.
Alright, so you have to be a drunken zombie.
Very good, very good.
And where's your audition reel?
You said you were interested.
I got lazy.
Just send them something.
We're hoping to get under, I guess we're hoping to get underway with the recording soon and
it will be broadcast on this very radio station once we get a first episode out.
And give that email address out one more time.
Darksakura at all dot com.
Beautiful.
Which is funny because I had that name before there was a Dark Sakura.
Cool.
Yep.
It was right after Sakura came out in Street Fighter Zero Two or Alpha Two for people who
never heard of the Japanese name.
And uh, my stalker did not make it for me, but my teacher in my classroom used to call
me Sakura too in my Japanese class.
So I made Dark Sakura, and then low and behold, like a year later, there was a Dark Sakura
in the home release of one of the games.
Kao.
Yeah, that's because I'm neat, so that's the whole history of why I have that name now,
but send me auditions.
Alright we're gonna take a quick break, and we're gonna come back and do the cage match
for this week.
We didn't do a cage match last week, so we're gonna do tonight's cage match and then we'll do some more fun stuff
We got a list list to get to at some point tonight
So we'll do all that in a little bit
This will be a short break because we're gonna do be doing more music during the cage match
So we would just want to get up and stretch and pee
Yes, Jamie pretzels any pretzels
Alright, we'll be back. See ya. Orange on radio.
And I'm far away on the other side
She was caught in the middle of a desperate fight
And she couldn't find how to push through
She fell in love in the evening
Carried away by the moonlight
She had a chance of sorrow and grieving
Carried away by the moonlight
She had a chance of pushing through
What's the feeling when I come Far away on the other side
He was shot six times by his man on the run And she couldn't find how he pushed through
I said, I said, I prayed, I'm here in heaven One day, falling in the morning
Carry me away by a moonlight, shed, shed
I'll watch your vision, body
Carry me away by a moonlight, shed, shed, shed, shed, shed, shed, shed, shed
So when he began to play the game
Before he knew it, he had told her how much he'd been hurting
How he was hoping she was not the same
Could you see the kind of lady that I'm seeking
After all of this time, could this be true love
And she says, boy, you don't have to love no more
I'll give the love you need, do you holler in the guarantee
I'd like to love, boy, I'm a fine lady
You've been hurt, but be sure that I am the cure
And when you wake up late thinking it's a dream
The best day boy you know, you can count on me
Felicity!
You're the kind of lady, you know what you found in me
Is a lady, the kind of lady that can give you what you need
Maybe, a kind of lady that will never leave you lonely
And what's the name of this lady?
You finally set me up and I won't let you leave
See how I'm feeling
My heart sticks around and it's all clean
Ain't gonna tell me nothing
Ain't gonna shout no more deal
It's time to say goodbye, goodbye, say
I want you to know
I'm ready to be happy
It's my time, I need to face it
I'll change for you
You don't have to love me again
Can't you see I'm going to bed?
I'll say, who are you?
I can't take you no more
I'm going to get it all
I'm crying, I'm crying, I'm crying, who are you?
Now I know what I'm feeling
Couldn't sit down, be in touch
I don't mean that, honey
But you mustn't mean that, honey
I'm living in reality
I'm a loser
So how I made up my mind
Oh, it's part of my good thing now
That's it for you
You're the loser
Well, you can't defeat
You're going to lose
Thanks for you, I can't take it no more I don't want you anymore
Thanks for you, you don't look too well Can't you see I'm going to love
There's a lot of things for you
So I can make it over
I don't care what you do
You make me feel so sorry
I can't take it anymore
So, do you think this is the end?
No, it's not the end.
It's the beginning of your next journey.
The Buh-Buh Pool Journey Part 2.
Easier to dance to than that freaking catch-up song.
orange lounge radio
dave's doing the dance
dave is doing the dance wait i gotta play that one more time just so dave can do the dance
okay here we go here we go
easier to dance to than that freaking catch up song
orange lounge radio
that's the best part cause that looks like ricky martin right there
It's like he's doing the Latino pada-pada.
Later on, even though you can't see it, I'm just going to do it anyway.
I said, screw you. You can't even see what I'm doing.
I like that. EOSFBV. Spider-Man does the dance.
That looks stupid, though. Later on, all the girls
go like this.
And for anyone who couldn't see, he just shook his hips in rhythm.
Problems here. What's going on? Loki's flipping off my roommate's computer. What's your problem? Oh
Net zero. Do you want me to submit it for you? Like okay, Jamie's gonna do it. Okay, we're trying to submit Loki
Oh, I just burp that was gross burp
We're trying to submit Loki's attorney mix 3 entry right now
You'd F you to net zero because they suck ass and their servers are slow as ass
How many his ass is an adjective from now?
I suppose this is the portion of the show where we should get into another little thing
that we do here every week, and that is the Orange Lounge Cage Match, everybody.
Last week in the Cage Match, actually two weeks ago, we didn't do it last week because
we did a pre-taped show.
So last week's winner of the cage match, a couple weeks ago was, I'm trying to find it,
I can't find it, it was the Knight Rider theme. Done all happy hardcore style. Now remember
the way the, I'm sorry, not happy hardcore, but like, it's happy style. I guess is the
way, what you'd call it. Let me play, I'm going to play a little clip of that for you,
this is all you're going to hear, because we only play a clip of the winner from last
week, so here it is. This is last week's winner, winner. I love the chair, it's so beautiful.
I don't do real radio. This is last week's winner, the Knight Rider theme, a little clip
right here for you.
And now...
It sounds like it's doing the same thing.
That's the part everybody knows.
Alright, that was last week's winner.
The Knight Rider theme done all redone.
Wait, I have one more F you.
Yes, Dave. You're a little late.
I know, I know. I forgot about it. I had thought about it like on Wednesday.
I was like, damn, I need to, okay.
I got kicked out of Jamie's chair.
Technically it's Brian's chair, but I claim it.
Yeah, you don't have to get music or whatever.
I'm killing up the first contender.
So good.
I'm wasting time.
F you to all the people who think that everyone who goes to the gym is just compensating for
a small penis, because that's not true.
Where does that come from?
I like going to the gym, because I am weak, but lots of people who don't go to the gym
It's like, oh, you stupid people just go to the gym because you have penis envy or whatever.
Rob's looking at me like a madman.
I'm just confused.
I don't like the gym, but I don't think it's a penis thing.
I like going when there's guys there wearing tight bike shorts.
Not you.
He does his little pose.
All right, back to the K-Smash.
I don't think you would get a date, especially if they saw you doing your little ketchup
chicken dance
sorry about this I'm I'm trying to find a particular part of this song
no, don't pose please, don't pose
okay
posing is fun
anyway yes
the cage match, the way the cage match works we're going to play two new songs for you that
are contenders for the title of the cage match champion
you can vote for either one of the two new songs or you can vote for last
week's winner the Knight Rider theme that we just played for you and the
winning song will be put into rotation all week long on our Bamani music and
more program which plays all the time on this station when we're not live so you
can vote for the Knight Rider theme or you can vote for this one the first
contender this is a band that I fucking fallen in love with lately I love this
band they're a band called Frau Frau and the song is called breathe it don't
laugh it's cool they're cool Frau Frau Frau Frau rules and this song just makes
me think of, like, old women in MooMoos. They're all frow-frow.
Shut up. But this, no, this song rules. I love this song. Alright, we're actually gonna
play a remix of this song. Uh, this song is called Breathe In, which is the single, but
this is a remix of it that's a little more DER-happy-ish, and it's a remix by DJ Encore,
who, uh, has another song. Breathe Out. Yeah, no, it's just the, uh, Breathe In remix by
DJ Encore. So you can vote for this one, this is the first contender in the cage match.
What's about a, the beginning of a song by Bush? What, Breathe In?
Breathe in, breathe out, breathe in.
That was Machine Head.
Got a machine head.
Got a mushy head.
Got a mushy head.
Okay, okay, here we go.
This is the first contender, you can vote for it,
but we will not accept any votes until both songs have completely played.
So you can vote for either the Knight Rider theme or you can vote for this.
This is Frow Frow with the DJ Encore mix of Breathe In here on Orange Lounge Radio.
I'm sorry that's not where it's supposed to start.
It's supposed to start right in here.
Here we go.
this is a proper out
And I'm high enough from all the way To ride a wave on your way
Cause I love you And I have a lot of love for you
Cause I love you And I don't wanna love you
Only word, hard love Don't you understand, I've told you before
It's just air, off my case This isn't happening, to stop this now
And I'm, breathing in Feelin' so innocent, from the past, yeah
And I'm all your love from all the ways To ride away when you're spinning
And I know you lost my own way
You're right away on your way
Cause a love you love
Can't help but love you
Cause I love you, I have got love for you
Alright, that was Frow Frow with the DJ Encore remix of Breathe In in the cage match.
So next question we gotta ask is, what did you guys think of that one?
Well...
Dave?
I thought that it was pretty good, but it was kinda long, I mean, it almost...
It is six minutes, but I cut out the first minute.
I started, that's why I started.
I mean, it was still a little long, but I really think that it would go much better
without the lyrics, because they just kind of brought it down and made it sound corny,
Alright, that's fine. Jamie, what did you think of Frau Frau?
It reminded me of Beast Forest. Cool!
I wanted to take a nap. Loki, what did you think of Frau Frau?
Uh, the voice was annoying. Hey, I love Imogen, she rules.
She's not Anya! I had to go to the bathroom, so I thought I had to be Anya.
And of course, I loved it. Love, love, loved it, because I love Frau Frau.
Alright, scale of one to ten. Jamie? Six.
Matt, Loki. I'll go for six. Dave. Seven. I give it a ten, it's perfect. Diva. Alright.
Did you just call me a diva? I like it. Alright. Here we go, here's the other song we're gonna put in the cage match.
So we got the Knight Rider theme, we got Frow Frow with Breathe In and this, Loki, please introduce us.
Okay, this is another Overclock remix done by Final Fantasy Music DJ.
Now, okay, I have to warn you guys, it does have a really strange intro and ending to it,
just because this is a birthday gift to someone.
So, it'll get into the song, but just don't be thrown off by the annoying voices in the very beginning of it.
But it's an awesome remix of the Airship theme from Final Fantasy VII.
Alright, so here it is, another Final Fantasy remix.
Hey, buddy! Happy birthday!
Guess what? I made you a remix of Sam's theme! Let me sing it for you!
Waaah! Waaah! Waaah! Waaah! Waaah! Waaah! Waaah!
Sounds like someone's, like, pleasuring themselves.
Oh
Oh
Happy birthday!
all righty that was it that was the f f music pj with the uh... final fantasy
seven
airship team remix it's got a little funky name to it here it's uh...
uh... or tend to be
that's the real name of it
but that's uh... your other entrance in the cage that so vote now to send me a
private messages to our own
you can vote for
we always are we do our opinions to bob ad
they've said he liked it and gives it a 9
i'd say i like it and give it a 9
i like it so i
give it a 9 too i guess
uh... i liked it but not as much as FrowFrow but i gave FrowFrow a 10 so i can give that a 9
overall it wins
so we all gave that a 9
pretty good
alright so
oh did your entry get in? i'd like to announce that my entry has actually
Finally attached itself to the mail and we are pushing send right now watch it watch it bounce. Oh
my
Okay, so the songs you can vote for
The songs you can vote for are
Last week's winner the Knight Rider
Last week's winner the Knight Rider theme or one of this week's new songs frow frow with breathe in the DJ encore remix
or F.F. Music DJ.
It was successful.
It was successful. Yes, you will see now.
Please vote next week for hybrid...
for the name of the game,
Hybrids LA Blackout Remix.
We'll talk more about whoring out
your tourney mix three entries for Orange Lounge listeners
next week when they're all in.
Okay, so the votes are coming in.
We will tally those up during the next break.
Thank you. Keep sending those to me.
You can send those over vote in the chat room, or you can
send them to our email bag,
OrangeLawnsRadio.com and you can send us just about anything to the Orange Lawns Radio email
bag.
You can send us love letters, marriage proposals, comments, questions, hate mail, flame wars,
whatever you want to send to OrangeLawnsRadio.com.
We love getting mail, don't we all?
No, because I get nothing but spam.
Well don't, yeah, don't send us spam.
I like good mail.
You send spam, fuck you.
Send money.
Alright.
Oh, we had somebody vote for the Animal Crossing theme.
That's not one of your choices in today's, maybe next week's Cage Match, but not tonight.
We'll play that once more tonight.
We have another Animal Crossing song.
That song is good.
We'll save it for later.
Do Animal Crossing music cage match.
Dude, K.K. Kaspo would win because that's my favorite.
No, it's all about Lucky K.K.
You know Riverdance and Animal Crossing.
SkylineDC505 says,
Isn't it too late to enter Tourney Mix 3?
No, I just missed the deadline by half an hour.
You mean you got the deadline. I got the deadline by just a half an hour.
So, half an hour.
Very good, very good. So what kind of things were you considering when you made your DWI?
What kind of things was I considering?
What went into it? How did you pick the song? How did you design the steps? How did you do the background?
Okay, the song I picked actually was my second choice, because I had a first choice, which is Alien World from 8th Style.
I still have that halfway done. I just decided, no, I like the song better.
So I picked that song. It's a bit succinct because the second part of the song,
the whole song kind of slows down as it's going through, gradually,
but I had to edit it down, and the second half of the song,
or second third, last third of the song, there we go,
is 128.036 BPM.
It's exact. The problem is though,
The background took me maybe 10-15 minutes to do, I did it all in Photoshop, looks pretty.
The steps I finished just before I got here for the show, I finished the heavy steps. There's a part in it where it goes down the half speed in the middle and then it comes back up to 128.
During the half-speed part, there's a 30-second note thing going on there, so it's kind of hard to read, but it's all synced.
I don't know, they're pretty fun. It kind of plays like an era, but a little bit more complicated, so just try it out. It'll be fun. That's about it.
Word. What do you think are going to be the big sim files to watch out for, the big artists or the big creators out there that are going to have some good stuff?
Well, I don't think Bimani ruler is putting anything in this time.
So, they probably just have CMCM do something.
Then, Kamenkey makes a lot of stuff.
V to X, whatever, does a lot of stuff.
I don't really know. There's a lot of people that know.
Or, DDR Master F might see something from him.
Moogle Hunter, definitely.
Just, I don't know. It's always surprising because you'll see people that you've never heard of.
and then just all of a sudden they'll come out with something pretty cool, so it's really hard to tell.
I can't wait until they have an actual list of what's on there, then you'll kind of see with the tryout.
I was going to enter, but I got lazy, so I'll enter a make it a get porn instead or something,
even though I don't want any of the porn that Mookie's giving away.
He had a really cool, you know, oh I made a really cool background for his song, and then he doesn't go and finish it.
I finished the basic and trick steps. I just only got about three measures into the maniac steps, so whatever.
Eh. Fuck contests. Fuck them right in the ear. I'll just release it because I'm cool.
It doesn't have to be. I don't have to whore it out under any contest. I'm me, damn it.
We'll have a special contest. It's called the...
Sky owns you at Sim Files, so nobody wins except Sky.
I could run a tourney mix, but I just don't have the web space.
Well, yeah, but you wouldn't want to rip off a big idea, anyway.
Make it a get-porns-cooler, anyway.
But, see, here's the thing.
You know how they were going to have a special category where you actually have to pay to get in?
Uh-huh.
They were going to have prizes?
They aren't having that no more.
Oh, that's a bummer.
No one entered.
Oh!
No one entered.
Surprise!
Nobody wants to pay money.
Go figure.
Well, anyways.
So, um, that fell through.
But I can always do mine, you know, where I give out, you know, anime DVDs.
Woo-hoo!
DVDs!
So.
Alright.
we going to take a quick break and then we're gonna come back and guess what in
this break we're gonna do some originals we're gonna play some all originals some
we'll play one of Loki's we'll go back into the file play one of his but I'm
gonna play a couple others too we're gonna play one from Joe Mama and we're
gonna play one from DCB we've got some some talented folks that listen to
Orange Lounge if you want to get in touch with us about playing one of your
originals on the show and possibly getting it into rotation on Bimani
music and more, just send us an email, orangeloungeradioatyahoo.com.
So we're going to start off with the Freshness in India Amazing Mix.
This is from DCB and his remixes are always very interesting.
DCB had a very cool one the other day.
He had a remix of Happy Meal that we played on a fuck-off that ended with the theme to
Hey Dude, which was like the coolest Nickelodeon show ever.
Hey Dude.
Wait, let me see if I can find it.
Hold on, hold on.
I'm gonna go to the end of the Happy Meal Evil mix here, just so I can play this.
That show is the shit!
Loki's turning this shade of red I've never seen before from laughing so hard at that.
Okay, DCB, I've got a challenge for you.
Okay, DCB,
if you do this, I swear to God, we'll put it in a cage match, we will get it in rotations
somehow,
I want you to do a remix
that somehow involves
the old school you can't do that on television theme.
If you can do that,
I'll like
give sweet love to you or something. That would be just awesome, it would be rad.
And you have to have samples from... You have to have samples.
Shit, what's that guy?
out
taty rah taty rah taty taty ross clips in that song
you know i want someone to do a remix of this you're acting
i didn't send you the phone
all right d cb says this before it's time to get
kid but it doesn't care just find it the fight in old episode occurs on watch it
is was the pocket shit
read a play d cb remix god freshest india they were to play something from
joe mama called i don't have my files queued up when you look classical song
no it's called messy closet that's organ play from uh... joe mama
and they'll play something from loki
i don't even know what look he says i have let's see
as well as any of these years bogey
i think that might be all i have a uh...
this one
this one is but it's
short
shadow style are a lot so i got a slight
It's not that good.
Well, I thought I had another one even somewhere.
This was going to be a paranoia remix until I said, nah, it doesn't really sound that good.
Shit, my bad. I don't think I have it yet, because your other CD's going, alright, so maybe we just won't play a Loki original, I guess?
We'll play that one.
Alright, we'll play that one. Okay, we'll do a Loki remix. It's called Shadow Style.
Okay, so here we go.
we'll be back on radio
If you hip and you hop, then you can hop and you hip
You can hit the rock and you can hop the track.
Come on and let your body flow.
Alright, that was Freshness in India by DCB. Here comes Joe Mama with Messy Closet.
the
all right that was uh... you know the joe mama with messy closet to now we're
going to do a Loki original. This is Shadow Style.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Oh
Hey there, it's your friend, Omega Skin, warning you to listen to Orange Clown every Sunday.
Not just because it's the best beeee-money radio out there, but because if you don't,
I will personally come to your house and do a nori nori nori routine, and believe me,
nobody wants to see that.
So remember, listen to Orange Realm, because I don't want to have to have ANY land to suffer
uh...
i guess we're back nobody wants to suffer through that
there i did i was able to make the promo play loud enough so we can all actually
hear it so i hope you enjoyed that
squib
uh... let's see
We're going to do a list list soon, but we've got to prepare our list, so we've got to hold off on that for a little bit.
But they will be the top three things that ruined the internet, so we'll be talking about that later.
Umm...
But now, let's see, do I have any other topics that we'll...
Oh, we need to announce the Cage Match winner, that's one thing we need to talk about.
That's right.
Orange Launch Cage Match, the song, that will be in rotation all next week.
The winner, ladies and gentlemen...
Two weeks in a row, the Knight Rider theme has won the Orange Lounge Cake Match.
Guess what? Guess what? Ha ha ha ha!
I will knock the Knight Rider theme down next week. Mark my words, it'll be gone!
You wish.
Now we do have a rule though, that how many weeks do we say? Four weeks? Three?
A month.
The song can't be in for more than a month or it's got we retire it we get Carson daily out here to retire your song
from total orange requests life
Next week, he'll be Tom's greens
Piggy hill I'm gonna throw the piggy down the hill
I'm gonna throw the piggy down. I'm gonna throw the piggy down
I'm gonna throw the piggy down the hill that for about five minutes
I'm just going to trump all you fuckers and put in the legend, because we already know
the legend is popular on this station.
We try to keep the Bimani Music Amore show a little clean, because we know people listen
to it at work, so we don't have fucks and shits during the Bimani Music Amore program.
But since Sunday night you're here listening to this program, we know you're not at work.
So we cuss all we want.
Isn't that right, Dave?
Fuck, cut, shit, balls, cunt, lick, ass, pussy.
Thank you. That was amazing.
Skillfully done.
I'm no match for Brad.
Are you preparing your list for Listless now while I'm just sitting here ranting?
Yes.
Okay, great. Then we won't have to take another break. We'll just be able to go
right into Listless. I have to think about mine.
So, let's play one song while we prepare our list, shall we?
We'll play one quick song. It's gotta be something fun. Let's see.
doo doo doo doo doo doo...
Instant love!
Okay! Everybody loves instant love.
Instant love.
That's a good idea.
Instant voo.
Alright we'll be right back with The List List,
top three things that ruined the internet, right after this.
Hey everyone! This is DJ Konami!
I know you all know BeatMania,
but I want to go back and teach you the basics.
Listen carefully and try to follow!
The object will come down from the trunk.
When it hits the red line, push the button.
Yeah!
When it hits the red line, turn the table.
You get it? Alright, let's practice.
First, hit the white key.
Okay, now a combination of both white and black keys.
Okay, now a combination of both white and black keys.
Both white and black keys.
Easy, huh?
Alright, let's go on to the scratching.
When the objects reach the red line, scratch!
And if you think it's fun playing with you, boy, you're better
With a fast note, the technique is to scratch fast
Now it's all the keys and the turntable
It's hard, but you can do it
Ok, F-Exercise! Here's the spec of the new BeatMania!
Look, way below, do you see the first switch?
That's the effect of an on switch.
With this trimmer, you can choose your effect.
I'll show you, so trim with me, alright?
Hey, do you hear the variety of effects?
With this trimmer, you can change the strength and the depth of the effect.
This powerful sound system will make everybody hot!
Alright, gotta go! Knock me out with your fabulous sound!
Orange Lounge Radio, we put your thing down, flip it and reverse it.
The server made a bit of fighting ahead of us. The server made a bit of fighting ahead of us.
Hello, we're back. Sorry we had to take another break so fast here, but we were unprepared for our list list, so we want to make sure we got that all done.
We're prepared now.
We're prepared now. We've come prepared. As opposed to coming unprepared, which is, you know, messy. Anyway.
Oh, lovely! Hello!
Oh, I gotta find some background music, though. I know Jamie brought us plenty of background music to start using. Oh, we have another visitor? Is that for us? Let's see, we shall see. Matt, go get the door.
I bought some fun music.
Now, I know you did. I saw some things that we could do. Oh, wait. Am I looking in the cookie? No, I'm looking in the wrong directory.
Uh, I thought you had...
Oh, Dave's parents are here already, I guess.
Uh-oh.
Oh, they're pulling Dave away from us.
Oh, no, they're pulling Dave away. What are we going to do about list lists?
Really?
Tell him to leave his list here, because we've got to do his list.
His list is here.
Is his list still here?
His list is here.
We'll have a member from our chat room vote for us.
Okay, we'll have a person from the chat room vote for us.
Or maybe we'll just all pile together and see which one we all agree on.
No, he's still here.
Oh, he's still here.
Can I just read my top three real quick?
Who's going to eliminate one?
We'll have somebody from the chat room. We'll call somebody and have them eliminate one.
Okay.
My top three.
Wait, hold on, hold on, hold on. I've got to get the theme here. Hold on, hold on.
I'm going to recycle this theme from last week because it's all I've got.
It doesn't matter.
Okay, hold on, here we go.
Okay.
My top three are random people who I am.
Chain letters.
And porn sites that say that three is up there.
I can't say that.
I'll say it later, well.
Okay.
And, I gotta go.
You did it my first time.
Bye!
Dude, he took one of mine.
Later, Dave.
We're gonna make a special surprise phone call to one of our listeners to have them pick something to eliminate off the list.
We'll do that later.
Don't start sending me your phone numbers.
I already have the person picked out that we're gonna call, so just shut up.
I still have to think of the number too, because he took mine.
All right, we'll read those again. Is Dave and his parents gone, so I'm going to read some of these.
Would you poke your head out the door, please, real fast, Matt?
There it goes, okay.
Those top three, once again, from Dave.
Random people who instant message you.
Chain letters.
And porn sites that say that they're free, but they really aren't.
Just in case you missed those. Okay.
So now, let's get back to the three of us here.
It keeps my inserts out, my bad.
Alright, uh, Jamie.
Number three? Your number three choice, please.
Microsoft.
Microsoft ruined the internet. Yeah, because of all their, um,
you know, the MSM you can't delete from your computer, and all of their little
sending them all your crap.
I guess I should say spyware.
Microsoft in particular.
Microsoft in particular ruined the internet. Next, Loki.
What ruined the internet? Number three.
Forty-year-old men pretending to be eighteen-year-old women.
I have a funny story about...
Forty-year-old men pretending to be eighteen-year-old women. Yes, please tell your story.
This is when my fiance had just gotten online. He was using my friend Julie's account and she had a Catwoman name.
And this guy propositioned him, thinking it was a woman for sex.
You know, like cyber.
So what they did is ended up taking him into the I.M. and talking about power tools the whole time.
The guy was like, so what do you want to do first?
And Dan replies, I have a circular saw.
Do you like jib saws?
I have a reciprocating saw the whole time.
website that I believe ruined the internet, and that website is GeoCities.
You mean GeoCities? I believe that GeoCities ruined the internet
by allowing any dumb fuck to have a home page. Some people should not have web pages. Some
GeoCities pages are cool, admittedly, although the banners fuck them up, you know, their
little pop-up thing that they have on the right.
DJ Bads? Yeah, I know, I know. There's some cool things
As in, people who write fanfics and do fanart that I don't agree with, for lack of a better
description.
Like, people who do crossover fanfics.
And I'm not talking about good crossovers, but people who do really bad ones, like things
that could not ever happen or, you know, again, I write fanfiction, that's fine, but just
like the Internet is a haven for bad writers. It's a haven for good writers, too, but you
really have to look through a lot of shit to find it. And then there's people who put
up their art and they obviously haven't spent any time pricing. And I understand if maybe
you're learning and you're improving, but I've seen sites of people whose art gets continuously
worse. And then I am me saying, oh, well, my picture's better than yours. Those are
the people that I hate, and the internet is just a haven for me. Not that I discourage
writing, not that I discourage fan art, but I'm talking about the people who post it with
the superiority complex.
Going back to GeoCities, because Dark Tetsuya wanted to point out that his website's on
GeoCities. Again, you're part of that cool 2%. Don't worry. I'm just saying 98% of the
GeoCities webpages, they're ass.
Hey, my first time was on Geocities. My dark stock was mostly Evil Shrine.
But compared to what you have now, was it as...
It was actually decent for a hand...
For its time. It was ahead of its time.
For HTML done in WordPad.
Alright. Fair enough. Okay. As long as you didn't use that auto generator. Alright. You're cool.
This is bullshit. I either used that or Dreamweaver.
Alright. Good. Good girl. Alright.
Then we had Bad Fandom.
And now Loki's number two pick, what is that?
Um, I guess I can go with, okay fine, whatever.
The lack of e-prostitutes. You can buy everything online but women.
What the hell? You can buy a wife.
You can buy a wife? I don't want a wife.
Wait a minute, wait a minute, I, wait a minute, wait a minute. We have to research this now.
up
and i'm i'm looking up all dot i'm looking at my old uh... friends
from uh...
all i guess
is this it
i think this is it
i'm looking up all the friends of the funny ranch from under station live i'm
trying to find their website
and i'm trying to see if we can see i easy online reservations
you can't get a profit you can reserve a prostitute on the internet
different that's like making a reservation at what's going on by the
freedom of thought i don't know how i don't know
you what you want to cite this actually the simple of the hot damn it i'm
getting all these pop-up ads
the fact that
now i don't know
like uh... red octane you know
you can't are you comparing
red octane to prostitution. Hey, it could be okay. You pay a certain amount of money
for like a monthly fee, they send a woman to your house with a shipping label. You know
when you're done with her and then you ship her off? The site you're looking for is called
realdolls.com. Oh my god. Can I actually sit in the same room with you every Sunday? Alright,
my number two pick for Thing That Ruined the Internet. Oh god, this is a good one. Number
or two thing that ruined the internet? ICQ. ICQ, back in the day, was alright. I mean,
it was one of the first instant messaging programs before cool ones like Yahoo showed
up. And AOL, even though AOL is kind of crappy now, AOL instant messenger is still cool.
But ICQ is like the shithole of IMs, it's like the program that people who don't know
how to use any other instant messenger program use.
I cannot stand ICQ, I get the weirdest messages from people on ICQ, I don't use ICQ anymore
because of random people on ICQ.
If I have one more 16 year old woman from Brazil emailing me over ICQ wanting me to
go to some website to see your boobs. I'm going to scream. Dude, I need to get on ICQ.
I mean, ICQ constantly sends you ads, and now it's all, like, added out and stuff, and
they sold it out to the man. So then I stopped using ICQ a long time ago.
Ever since ICQ sold out, they've sucked. ICQ ruined the Internet.
Well, I have my number one. All right, let's hear Dark Sakura's number
one thing that ruined the Internet. Lazy typing. As in people who use the letter
you instead of writing Y-O-U or PLZ for please. I don't mind lead, but I've also put for lazy
writing too. I want to add in Asian typing too. I don't mind lead, but I really, really
hate all the rest of it because it makes people look ignorant. There are people who, if they
start typing that way to me, I'll be like, type English, you know. I will completely
ignore them. I'll be like, I'm sorry, but I wasn't aware that the letter U stands alone
as its own word. You know, I'll go check it on dictionary.com and post them a link and
everything, so I hate it.
Alright, so lazy and Asian typing. You know that's funny because it's very similar to
my number one, but I think my number one's a little different. It's different enough.
Alright, Loki, your number one thing that ruined the internet, and he's already laughing.
Mac users!
Leave it at that.
Oh, shit!
Do you care to back that up? Because I think somebody's going to have a severe problem with this.
Actually, I kind of wanted to change one of mine on there.
Okay, we can go back a little bit.
users ruin the internet? Because they have their stupid iPods and their iMacs and their
rounded computers that all they are good for is connecting to the internet. You know, toasters
are only good for making toast, so they're really not that far from a toaster. Oh shit
that was funny. Okay, Jamie, you want to change one of yours now? I actually rethought my
my bad fandom one, because everyone has to start somewhere, and bad fandom just encourages
people to go look for the good stuff.
Alright, and you know what?
I was actually going to take that off the list anyway, so...
So I'm going to change it to pop-up ads.
Pop-up ads, alright.
Yeah, because pop-up ads need to be on there, so we're getting rid of bad fandom and putting
on pop-up ads.
You're going to need the negative to encourage people to look for the positive, and everybody
had to start somewhere, so I retract it and apologize.
Okay.
Black Lab's having a fit in the chat room, this is great.
I know, I did that on purpose.
Oh, you did it on purpose just to piss him off?
You ass!
You're cool.
I'm just gonna have a third one, so...
You know, by the way, we might have a special in-studio guest, Black Lab, here next week.
I was just kidding, Black Lab, I'm taking it off as my pick to remove from the list.
Alright, alright, alright.
Just don't worry.
We'll get to that later.
We'll get to that later, we'll get to that later.
I wanted to take it off.
Can I read number one? Can I do my number one?
Alright, alright, alright.
Number one thing that ruined the internet, in my opinion.
the caps lock key
god yes
i'm sorry where the music
the caps lock key ruined the internet
don't ever use it
ever
the only time you can use it is if you're me and you're doing the listless
segment
like i'm doing right now
that's the only time you can ever use the caps lock key
otherwise you shift that way you don't type in all caps
If I see one more person at my work typing caps, I'm going to cry.
Here, you can change mine if you want for Mac users to MIDI music that plays when you go to web pages.
Alright, so we're changing Mac users now? Geez, alright.
Except my old Dark Soccer page has MIDI's that play, but that was because at the time that was cool.
GeoCities, by the way, will not let me take down that page.
It's still up there, my old Dark Soccer page.
That's cool, why won't they let you take it down?
I have no idea, I can't. It was actually after Geocities and Yahoo did their little, you know, they screwed it and, you know, spawned something. So I haven't been able to log into my old accounts.
Have you noticed all the commercials for Yahoo? Like, they promote Yahoo as a meeting place for, like, the scum of the Earth. You've got, like, the dating ad with people with big hands and that really ugly chick that's an astronaut.
I mean, they just show ugly, nasty people they're on Yahoo.
Who'd want to be on Yahoo with all these freaks?
So you're saying Yahoo ruined the internet?
Yahoo.
Internet commercials ruin the internet, OK?
Too late, we have our list.
Let's read the list.
Here we go.
This is the list as it stands currently.
Random people who IMU, chain letters, porn sites that
say they're free but really not, Microsoft, 40-year-old men
pretending to be 18-year-old women, geocities, pop-up ads, lack of e-prostitutes, ICQ, lazy
typing or Asian typing, MIDI music that plays when you go to websites, and the caps lock
key.
So, that all being said, Jamie, what is coming off this list?
What ain't so bad?
Lack of e-prostitutes.
Lack of e-prostitutes.
Cause I don't really give a care about sluts.
Alright, anything else you want to say with that, or just, you don't like sluts?
I don't like sluts.
Okay, I'm getting an early vote already. It is not time to vote.
DZB, your vote doesn't count.
You have to wait, because that thing you voted for might come up.
You get smacked with the ferret.
The ferret's over here. Oh, you're doing a slash me?
Forget it.
She just took the keyboard.
Now we have to wait for Jayden to...
Alright, I can do mine because I already...
Oh, you already know what it is?
Yeah, mine has to go...
I'm going to take off the porn sites that say they're free but really aren't,
because free porn sites are like the fountain of youth.
They don't exist.
You just don't know where to look.
a look. There's no such thing as free porn sites. There are back doors to porn sites.
Whoa, back doors. Happy hacker dot com. Happy dash hacker dot com. Persian kitty dot com.
I believe. Double x password dot com. Anyway, this is a thing. I'm usually bullied by man
me man porn? Is it free? Yes. It's all boys and boys though, but anyway. I used to have
a DVD, but I got rid of it pretty quickly once I got it. It was one of those free Vivid
DVDs that they gave me. I don't get them anymore, but... Alright. Oh, I'm sorry, back to Listless.
Oh yeah, I gotta take that off. Porn sites say they're free, but really not.
And that comes off the list.
My turn to take something off the list.
I'm going to take off, um...
I'm going to take off MIDI music that plays when you go to websites.
Because one of my old websites also had a MIDI song that played in the background. Fuck you, they're cool.
Mine played Street Fighter MIDI. Mine played Tori Amos.
Alright, fine, I should just reiterate. Actually, MIDI music's not that bad. I don't like it, it's annoying, but I hate the sites that make you download MP3s to get into the site.
Yeah, I agree. That's stupid.
What's that, like a porn thing?
Oh, that's what I was trying to play, MIDI music. All you have to do is hit stop, and it, you know.
Actually, that's Good Cool's site. That does that.
Really?
Bad Good Cool. Bad. Oh no, not Good Cool. It was Ryo Nagumi. Or, Nagumu.
Alright, now I'm going to try this phone thing, and we've all had really bad experiences with this in the past, so I'm going to call someone who I'm pretty confident is listening to the show.
And I'm a little upset that Loki took the Mac user's thing off the list, because this would have been an exciting telephone conversation if that were the case.
Rob, why don't you get one of those car hookups for your phone, and then you can plug it into the microphone thing here, and then everyone can hear it.
Because that's too easy!
Julie's going to be giving us a real phone hookup.
Actually, that's a really good idea. Yeah, we're going to be looking into the phone hookup thing. Don't worry about it.
But for now, we don't have that, so here we go.
Let me place that phone call here.
That was a lovely film.
Oh, it's not this. I almost...
Yeees.
Hello, Black Lab.
Hello.
Can you hear us fine?
Yeah.
Do you have anything you want to say to Loki, first off?
Yeah, Loki.
I don't need you, man.
I can...
If I were there right now, I'd whip out a whole sheet of information
that I can shove in your face and put it here on.
Alright, the cell phone...
I was gonna defend you.
The cell phone thing sounds like crap, so we can't stay on this too long,
But do you do you need me to read the list for you? Do you already have something that you want to come off the list?
All right, here is random people who instant message you chain letters
Microsoft
40 year old men pretending to be 18 year old women
women, Geocities, pop-up ads, ICQ, lazy or asian typing, and capswap key.
I think what's going to go is the chalers because I don't get many of them and the ones
that I do get I just delete right away because I know that if it says porn on it, it's just
crap anyway.
So you're saying people should stop being lazy and set up an email filter?
Yeah, that's why they're there.
Oh, I see. Are you mocking this segment? Is that what you're doing?
No, it's just I think it's more entertaining to pick really weird shit
instead of actual serious answers because everyone else has
the same answers I would have used. So, there.
Okay, you can vote now during our listless segment. We're gonna take one last break.
Read off the list one more time. Oh yes, of course we're gonna read off the list one more time.
Just gotta post it in the chat room. Here it is. Okay, here's what we have. You ready? Yes.
Random people who I am you, which I hate, Microsoft.
40-year-old men pretending to be 18-year-old women, GeoCities,
pop-up ads, ICQ, lazy typing or
asian typing, and caps lock key.
So vote. Alright, vote now. 9 p.m. Send me a private message in the chat room
or email. Or you can send it over email real fast
and we'll count those votes up. Oh, that reminds me, I got a late F.U. over email too.
I gotta get to that when we come back. We'll take a quick break and then come back.
What?
I hope that's not for me. I don't think so. We had one come from somebody else
listening to the show. I forgot to read it, but we'll get to it.
So, top three things that ruin the internet when we come back from this
break featuring some Beatmania final music.
Enjoy!
their way out
Shizune Deku
Utekata no
Yume ni
Sashi Tatsu
Kono Uotena
Ito
She's a goddess of the wind
The Bonnie Music and More program might be dangerous for you to listen to in the kitchen.
We have reported incidents where exposed listening to this program in the kitchen has caused people to bust out a Sharpie pen,
draw arrows on the tiles, and start stomping away.
A friendly public service announcement from Orange Lounge Radio.
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 24.
We're wrapping it up in the last segment here.
I'm sorry, Jamie?
Because we're special.
special
special ed
special enough for the olympics
uh jamie and i are planning on some late night boba too that should be fun
yes
boba's always winner
anyone in the davis area come hang out with us
sick black lab already went home so he can't join us
that's right he got to join us via phone tonight
he'll be here in person next week maybe
that's a maybe
next week by the way gonna be the big uh year end show
i didn't lose that much i still have about two liters of pepsi in me
week by the way is going to be like our big wrap-up show and we're going to do a list
list probably for the best Bomani song of 2002, maybe another one for any song that's
been released in 2002. Any Bomani song that's been released in 2002. And we might also do
one if we've got time for like best thing in the Bomani world for 2002. I'm also going
to do a special pre-show of stuff that was either, assuming that I have all the files
for stuff that was in Second Mix or BeatMania Substream, or 2DX Substream.
Cool. Old stuff.
Old school stuff. You know, maybe go up as far as Second Style.
Ooh. So it's going to be old.
Old school.
Okay, let's reveal the winners of this week's List List segment.
Ferret roll, please.
The top three things that ruined the internet.
All right, number three, Jamie, what ruined the internet?
Jami, what is the number two thing that ruined the internet?
Pop-up ads. Pop-up ads suck. Go to hell. And the number one thing that ruined the internet?
Lazy typing or AZN typing. Which I find incredibly funny because they were all my picks.
Were they really?
Yes, they were.
Shit, Jamie is the winner today.
Although there's some other things to get a vote, and some interesting things that were
said in the chat room, things we didn't put on the list at all, USFVB suggested that Orange
Lounge, in fact, ruined the internet.
Harry Potter websites.
No!
You ass!
Excuse me, wait a minute, you gave me Alan Rickman movies, so I'm not going to kick
Thank you, but I'll hit you with the ferret.
Darktetsuya says, the ferret ruined the internet.
What else ruined the internet here? I don't know.
Suggestions. Chat room, give me your suggestions for what other things ruined the internet that we forgot to say.
Target.com.
Target.com?
eBay.
eBay. Why did eBay ruin the internet?
Because it makes me spend all my money.
Actually, Half.com has been taking up more of my money lately because I've been finding laser discs.
I think a good one would be LiveJournal, ruin the internet.
No, I like that.
You know what sucks is I have the money and I have the actual, I just don't have the space.
I could have bought a BeatMania Complete Mixer 500.
Dang.
I would have stored it for you.
Eh, it's a little late now though. I'll wait when I move out.
We had another vote that twin ruin the internet.
Gay porn sites ruin the internet.
I don't think so.
Priceline.com ruin the internet.
Animalcrossing.com ruin the internet. William Shatner ruined the internet.
There is no Animalcrossing.com.
Animal-crossing.com, sorry.
What else ruin the internet?
You know what ruin the internet? DDR Freak.
No!
just kidding, I know you're a mob there. Damn straight, I'm damn skippy. Yeah, shouldn't
that be damn poopy? Damn poopy. No, that would be darn poopy. Ah, this is a good one. Neopets
ruin the internet. Hey! By the way, if Maple's listening, check your Neopets account and
add me as your friend or I won't send you any dung.
Yes, I have Neopets. I'm on there as DJ underscore Celica.
Battle.net ruined the internet? Pokemon ruined the internet.
Oh, this is a good one. This is great. Oh, Vidpower gets mad props for this one.
Hamsterdance.com ruined the internet. The dancing baby.
Hamster Dance definitely ruined the internet.
Ultima Online.
Oh, fucking EverQuest.
How did we leave EverQuest off of our list?
I'm still pissed at Ragnarok.
EverQuest completely ruined the internet.
It not only ruined the internet, it ruined real life.
I'm still mad, though, at Gravity for Ragnarok Online
and making it where I can't play anymore.
If they were reliable, maybe I could play again
and get my goggles back
uh... flash ruin the internet
shockwave dot com
i still think that uh...
no shockwave is good because shockwave is good
because of shockwave we have radish skull and devil doll
just go to joe sparks dot com
i'll bring an mp3 for that
next week
it's uh... i think joe sparks dot com
and watch radical and double-doll
something awful dot com or the internet
or better yet uh...
i'm just
all that caffeine maybe stupid there's a hella there's hella stuff coming in now
counter strike grew in the internet
uh... paypal ruin the internet
java
river with the internet
internet cafes through the internet for allowing anyone to get dot coms are in
the internet
The web ruined the internet.
People ruined the internet.
Stupid people.
Which, by the way, stupid people ruined everything.
And, you know, I find it very funny for those people who, when you're going on fan art sites, trying to download fan art, you right-click to save a picture and they go,
Oh, you can't do that, blah, blah.
So I just save page.
Yeah, I know, stupid people.
Or if they have it where you can't save the pages.
You go to view their web source.
any knowledge of how to use their computer in a graphics editor, it's called print screen.
That works.
I wanted to end it on that note that people ruin the internet, but there's just too many
good ones that are still coming in.
People did ruin them.
Final Fantasy Online is going to ruin the internet.
They're doing that on, no.
Yes, Final Fantasy Online.
You know what, PSO is going on, it's already out in Japan on PC.
Xbox Live will ruin the internet.
Okay, Xbox Live has ruined my life, okay?
I'm trying to sleep, and Dan's playing freakin' that mecha assault game, and I'm here about
to drift off of here and say, Eat it, motherfucker!
Just like that!
And I'm like, Damn!
I'm trying to sleep!
You know, at least he doesn't do that when I'm on the phone with my grandmother in Alabama,
but you know what?
the internet
and uh...
the army and i think it comes with it
do you have to get all right that's enough for you in the internet talk
everything ruin the internet shut up i don't care anymore
uh... the okie starry
all right that's it all right is it
how's it last one
okay that was that was an alternate on my list
next next time we'll talk about what ruins your life
and i believe number one in everybody's list will be the body
No way! Bimani improved my life.
Stupid people!
Yes, stupid people.
By the way!
Okay, SoCalCakes wants us to get on a positive note here and talk about what improved the internet.
Porn.
No!
Killing stupid people!
I mean porn.
Google improved the internet?
Yes, Google, the only unbiased search engine.
they refuse to take
to put people higher who pay them more
they are an unbiased search engine
they're funny, they have their search engine in Klingon, okay?
and Swedish Chef
seriously, go under the language preferences and look at the list of languages
you can browse in Esperanto
that's brilliant
uh... so
i would say google improve the internet
dot archive dot org i believe it's got emails good
the archiver thing the web archiver
improve the anonymizer
anonymizer
the guy who email is pretty good because of the uh... built in a stand filter
pop-up killer
save the ad-aware
ad-aware improve the internet because i like
file sharing with when i asked when x
napster
or back to the day back to the day audio galaxy
yes i thought i got to go to take it down on the other guys isn't it like you
uh... p h p b b two is being suggested by so that yes
uh...
was there any matter and i think you'll of like let's make your mind immediately
email the board dot com room in the internet
god that's beautiful yes
fact them on the inside of the internet
sack of money completely improve the internet as the door to launch radio and
And of course, DDRfreak.
Hey! Stop looking at me!
Alright, uh, I had one more F.U. We never got to read.
So, shit, where's that F.U. music I had earlier for our chat room?
What's something random?
Here we go. I had it.
Stand by to bitch! Yay!
F-persons from Hicktown I don't know that made me 4-1 screwing me out of a medal at
my wrestling tournament and my Mac my dad gave me an early Christmas present and I book
Woo-Fucking-Who.
That's exactly what the email says.
That came from Martin Tan.
Thank you.
You know what?
I've decided something that I want the tournament to do for me or all of our listeners.
Oh, you have a command.
Yes.
Do you still have a link to that sorting quiz that I gave you?
If you can remember the first few... It was a virtual Hogwarts... No, just do a
search for it on Google.
I'm rather curious because I'm still in my little fan phase right now.
I want to see where everybody in the chat room would find themselves sorted.
So I want them to take the sorting quiz that is the best one ever.
Is it Hogwarts?
Is it this one?
Hogwarts?
This one?
This one?
Seven Dragons?
That one?
Okay.
We're going to post a link in the chat room and I want everyone to take it.
And when it asks you to pick your preference for a house, pick no preference.
Yeah.
I want to see where it puts you.
So, you're going to do this, you're going to say, there's a little link on there that
says...
Get sorted.
Get sorted.
Click here to be sorted.
It's on the left column.
At the very end of the quiz, it'll ask you if you have a preference for a house.
Click no preference.
It's right underneath the press.
Because if you've seen the recent movies, you'll know that if you have a preference,
that's what you're going to get.
By the way, twins, shut up.
You wonder why you're on my computer.
I got Slytherin, by the way.
I took this test and I sorted it into Slytherin.
I always get Slytherin.
Black Lips says he already took it and he's in Ravenclaw.
You're a nerd.
Make sure it's this test that you took.
this test and find out where you get sorted. Don't tell us in the chat room, we're not
going to tell you there. Email it to the Orange Lounge Radio, and we'll make a tally, or post
it in the live journal. When we get back from Bobo, I'll put up a link in the chat. SoCal
Kicks wants you to know he loves you, by the way. Aw, I love you too. Alright, so go take
that test, email OrangeLoungeRadio at Yahoo.com and let us know where you were sorted, because
Jamie is that big of a Harry Potter nerd that she has to know. Maybe we should start the
personality quiz of the week the personality quiz of the week okay
somebody quick twin okay I'm gonna kick him again okay you want to kick him
again go ahead take your work in the meantime I'm going to ask Loki what's
your final thought of the day
I'm going home and working my website because, I don't know, I have nothing to do.
I did my work for the week.
Jamie's furiously trying to kick.
I know you're waiting for your edits. I just haven't gotten around to it.
Alright, now that that's over,
good luck with the site
i need to know that i'll finish my my thing
i don't have the edits yet because i'm lazy and haven't made them yet
sorry
and uh...
low-key
uh... so-called kicks is waiting for the max u s a at its first sight
uh... by the way i'm going to fill in the list of the edits that i've made for
you by the way of going to send it to you again but
the forewarned
maya
Dextrive died. By the way, if anyone happens to find a Dextrive anywhere in their town...
I have a spare.
Okay, I want it.
I'll pay you five bucks for it.
Jamie had that look on her face when, uh,
Loki took the microwave, like,
you asshole! And then, like, all of a sudden when Loki said that, she was like, oh, nevermind.
You live for now.
Uh, DarkSakurai, he has them, they're up, they're just not linked.
I have new ones.
Cool. We can get some mine up there, too. Wouldn't that be neat?
My final thought of the week is
I hate people that I go out on dates with. I hate them all.
And besides, you can have the results
or the winners from my
make-edit-get-porn contest. They're all Max USA edits. Whee!
Oh, okay.
I should enter that just for the hell of it. You should.
I'll send the porn to my brother. He's in the military. He needs it.
That hard up, huh? I mean...
Wait a minute. That's not what I meant to say.
My brother's a marine, and he's living in San Diego.
Interesting.
Okay, I guess that's it.
You have to point out...
Is the fortune cookie in the directory all by itself, Jammie? Okay, then we'll have that all taken care of.
I guess that's it. We'll see you next week when we're going to do our holiday wrap-up.
And... this one? Okay.
And uh...
That'll be it.
And then we're going to do a tape show on the 29th?
I did my final thought!
I thought you did.
I was kicking twins.
Oh, okay, sorry.
Jamie, yes, your final thought?
Okay.
Thank you, that was riveting.
I'm going to go home and watch all of these Alan Rickman movies.
You'll never see me again.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by Dark Sakura, Sky, and Loki.
If you'd like to leave us a comment, send us an email at orangeloungeradioatyahoo.com.
And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
This is a special moment right now. We'd like to take this time to tell all the kids at home,
send your parents out of the room. This is a kids' song.
Life's gonna suck when you row up, when you row up when you row up
Gonna suck when you row up, it sucks pretty bad right now
Hey, if you know the words, sing along!
You're gonna have to mow the lawn, Do the dishes, make your bed
You're gonna have to go to school until you're seventeen
It's gonna seem about three times as long as that
You might have to go to war, Shoot a gun, Kill a nun
You might have to go to war when you get outta school
You're gonna have to deal with stress.
Deal with stress.
Deal with stress.
You're gonna be a giant mess When you get back on the war.
Santa Claus does not exist And there's no Easter Bunny.
You'll find out when you grow up that Rick Christopher isn't funny.
Life's gonna suck when you grow up, when you grow up, when you grow up.
Life's gonna suck when you grow up It sucks pretty bad right now.
It's such great land right now
You're gonna end up smoking crack on your back
Face the fact, you're gonna end up hooked on smack
And then you're gonna die
And then you're gonna die
Hey, hey!
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
