Orange Lounge Radio
With your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky and Loco
Tonight, October 11th, 2009, Epic Mickey is confirmed this week as a real game.
Could you soon see the Wii Balance Board used in airport security?
And the Commodore 64 Classic is set for a new revival.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet, on their iPods, on allgames.com or however you're listening to our show.
Welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that show dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture and the gamer lifestyle.
We like to think of ourselves as the show where every gamer has a voice.
With you here every week is myself, Rob Roberts.
And joining me as always, say hello to the one and only DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
You.
How are you doing, DarkSakura?
I'm doing.
Good, good to hear.
Yeah, and guess what?
What?
I don't have to work tomorrow.
Lucky you.
Who celebrates Columbus Day anymore?
Banks, apparently.
Colombians.
Alright, anyway, also joining us, say hello to TechMaster, Loki.
Hello.
How you doing, Loki?
I'm doing good.
Awesome.
How was your couple weeks off?
Because you missed the show, the mini show we did.
We talked about that before.
That I guess you just kind of spaced it on Tuesday.
I forgot.
Yeah, right.
I had crap going on on Tuesday, so I forgot all about it.
So we pre-recorded so that, you know, because it's been weird.
We've missed a couple weeks, and that's all my fault, I apologize.
But we pre-recorded a show for last week, and Loki, you just kind of didn't come.
Yeah, I spaced.
You were better than that show.
Sorry.
What did you get done last Saturday, or last Sunday in Absence of Orange on radio?
I put in sprinklers.
Yeah?
Yeah, that was not fun.
But it's done?
Do they work?
Yeah, it's done.
They work.
Good, because our sprinklers need fixing.
I just have to bury them, which I haven't...
I finished most of it.
There's a part by the valves at the bury and the side yard at the bury.
Gotcha.
But I haven't really...
I don't know.
I need...
Because, you know, when you're digging that stuff out, especially if you dig it out onto
grass and stuff like that, you end up losing some of the dirt because you just can't scrape
all of it out of the grass.
So there's like big divots where all the pipes are.
And at the same time, we also chop through the cable line, which is fun.
So we had to fix that too.
But, yeah, they went in.
They work.
I ran them today trying to flush out the water because now our water out of our fridge tastes
like crap.
Well, you know, city water.
That's what it tastes like.
So, you know, we need to flush out the water out of the pipes and stuff and get it all
clean, and then everything will be fine.
All right.
Well, it's really good to be back.
Let me just tell you guys because honestly, and I was commenting to Dark Sakura before
we started tonight's show, it feels like we've been gone for like a year.
I don't know what it is about having missed a couple of shows here and there, but I just
want to reassure everybody, we are set to go through the rest of 2009.
No foreseeable vacations.
I mean, of course, you know, things are going to happen, who knows what.
But no foreseeable vacations for the rest of the year.
We're here with you guys.
And podcast feed should be all good again soon, very soon.
We've got the episode from a few weeks ago up and getting that all caught up, so we'll
be good to go very soon.
So let's get back into it.
How was your gaming week is how we always start off the show.
Dark Sakura, how was your gaming week?
Not very.
Yeah, really?
Well, I sat around watching Dan play through Shadow Complex, which is pretty cool.
And I don't know, I didn't play too much myself, except I didn't even play any Sims.
I was just, meh.
But wait a minute.
I played Peggle.
Well, hold on a minute.
Rewind a minute.
Because you were telling me before the show started tonight, and I even noticed the background
on your computer.
It's a game I want.
I didn't play it.
Oh, I thought it was something you were watching Dan play.
No, we were watching a comparison for Bayonetta.
We were watching an Xbox 360 and PS3 side-by-side comparison.
PS3 version looks like shit.
Yeah, they're really distancing themselves from it.
It's awful.
Oh, the bunnies are out.
Interesting.
Rob, look out the window.
Yeah, I saw them last week.
Bunnies?
In the neighbor's yard.
Wow.
Sorry.
I heard a rooster earlier, and now bunnies.
Are we out on a farm today or something?
Well, our neighbors across the street, they let their bunnies run wild all over the neighborhood.
And they usually like to hang out in my yard.
So, we have stray bunnies.
Gotcha.
And not stray dogs or cats.
We have stray bunnies.
You been watching Dan play more ODST?
That game makes me motion sick, and I don't really care for it.
Gotcha.
I'm like, ugh, turn off this loud piece of crap.
But Dan loves it, so if he's having fun with it, then he can have fun, just not when I'm
trying to go to bed.
And just for folks who are newer to the show who may not know, you've never been a fan
of first-person shooters, because they just make you ill.
Well, I'd like them before they used 3D.
When they were sprite-based, great.
Like Wolfenstein was fine, right?
Yeah, and Doom.
Alright.
Well, let's move on.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
My gaming week was pretty good, I guess.
I played more Grand Theft Auto, Lost and Damned, where I'm up to almost rank 5.
I would have been ranked 5 on Friday, but I dropped out of one of my games.
And I had to go on some manager special event thing or something, so I went to a zoo instead.
But no, I'm like $500 away from rank 5, which means I get more heads, as my coworker likes
to put it.
And it's just killing time for a couple more weeks until Ballad of Gay Tony comes out,
and that'll be awesome.
And then, what was it, my sister's 360 died, so now...
And it's funny, hers died the same way as my last one did, where it basically lost its
graphics processor, got like a green tint to it, and then the whole thing, just no video
anymore, so that kind of sucked.
There's no real way to fix that, and obviously it's not under warranty since hers is modded
as well, so that doesn't work.
But we have a way to remedy that soon enough.
And then I played some DJ Hero, I have a demo unit that I got, and I've been playing the
four songs that are on there, well three technically in the set, and then there's a fourth one
which is like a DJ versus guitar song in there, which I didn't really play that much of because
not a lot of people wanted to play guitar.
And then, been having a lot of fun with that, you know, the controller's pretty nice, although
since it is a demo unit, it's wired and wireless, which is fine, I don't really give a crap,
because I hate replacing batteries anyways.
And the only thing that sucks about those, you can't flip it because the way the cord
comes out, it actually would be in the way if you flipped it to the left-handed, I guess
lefty side, although for me, I don't really care because I'm right-handed, but my coworker
wasn't, and he wanted to really try it, and I'm like, dude, sorry, can't, so he had to
play cross-handed.
Tell us a little bit, because you know, obviously Orange Highlands Radio started as a music
game thing, and on our very first episode of Orange Highlands Radio, we had people in
house playing BeatMania 2DX, so it's very interesting now coming here seven and a half
years later, now we're going to have people in the studio playing DJ Hero tonight.
How do the two games compare, if at all, what are Bomani fans going to think of DJ Hero?
They may not like it, because it's nothing like 2DX, it's more like Guitar Hero, I mean
it's just like the comparison of 2DX and Guitar Hero, they're really not similar at all,
I mean other than you have notes coming down the screen, but that's about it.
The scratching in the game is almost like strumming on the guitar a little bit, and
then the crossfader, it's a lot of, I mean, when you start playing it, it's a lot to
kind of take all in, but then you get used to it, and it can be hard to juggle the crossfader
and the keys and all that stuff sometimes, but it's fun, and I don't know, I enjoy
the game a lot, there's some songs I saw on the full track list I'm not too excited
about, I mean there's especially a lot of songs that are just kind of repeats as far
as what they've used to mix them together, but you know what, I think it'll actually
sound very different, just like I've listened to the two Shout remixes, and they're completely
different, it's just, it's going to be fun, definitely, and as far as playing it, it's
pretty easy to kind of pick up and start, but if you're good at Guitar Hero, I mean
you're still going to have trouble with it, because I had a friend who's, you know,
he can expert almost all the songs in Guitar Hero, and he was struggling just to kind of
get DJ Hero down, but it's kind of a new learning curve, but you'll pick it up pretty
quick, I mean, just from watching the videos, I started off playing Medium, and I picked
it up pretty quick, I kind of want to try hard, I haven't gotten a chance to do that
yet, because also the demo too kind of sucks, because you can't calibrate it, because
it is a demo, and so on the TV we're playing, there's some lag, and so trying to fix that,
you know, you kind of have to compensate for it.
But in the full version, you will be able to get it.
Yeah, in the full version, they'll have all that stuff, it's just, you know, because
it's just a basic demo, they don't have that built in.
Now, this game's going to cost $130, right?
$120, sorry, I think it's $120.
Well, after tax, $130.
$130, yeah.
Let's be real, so this game's going to set you back about $130.
Who should drop, I mean, that's a big investment, I mean, for $70 more you can buy a console,
for $20 more you can buy a Wii, that's as much as a Nintendo DS.
Who should drop $130 on this game?
Who should not drop $130 on this game?
I think if you like music games, you should drop the money, I mean, but the thing is,
you can go to Source now, I mean, Best Buy, I know some Best Buys have this demo unit
set up, I'm sure a lot of them will be getting it if they don't have it yet, GameStop did
a thing this weekend where their stores had a demo unit in-house.
Dark Sakura?
I was going to say, don't drop the money on this game if you're on food stamps.
Well, duh, Dark Sakura, I mean, yeah, if it's not in your budget, then it's not in your
budget, but I mean, if, you know, you're debating.
Yeah, and the other thing you've got to understand is, unlike, you know, Guitar Hero and Rockband,
this controller's only going to work with, you know, this game.
So far?
So far, I mean, it's not going to work, you know, Harmonix is not going to come out with
a DJ game that's going to be exactly like this, and so, you're not going to have, you
know, uniformity that way, so, you know, you've got to be really willing to stick to this
series, and you know what, I, after playing the three songs in there, I'm fine with dropping
the money, and I'll be honest, you know, I know a lot of people frown upon buying demos,
but yes, I bought this demo unit, and yes, it's the same one that you saw on Destructoid,
I bought that unit, I paid the money to buy it, and yeah, I know it's retarded, but I
had nefarious intentions, trust me, originally, but having played it, I probably am going
to buy the full game, only because I can get it early, and that's really why I'm excited
to play this game, but if I wanted to, I could, you know, pirate it, but I'm not going to,
because I won't play it early.
I wasn't going to say anything about how you got this game, because most people would assume
you get it through your work channels, but...
No, no, my work doesn't hook me up for crap.
What possessed you to drop that money on it?
Because I wanted to play it.
Because I'm impatient, and because I figured, I figured, hey, you know what, I can drop
the money on this demo unit, and the controller works just fine, and you know what, I have
the means to play modded games on my console, so if I really want to not spend the money,
I can do that.
Only you can tell you how to spend your money, and the wife now, because that's part of the
whole marriage thing, but hopefully she liked it too.
She hasn't really seen it, she's just like, I don't know, she laughed because Hollaback
Roll is in there, in the demo, but I don't care, you know, because if I don't want to
buy the game, I can still play the game, technically, but I'm not condoning piracy or anything,
and not a lot of people would be pirating this game anyway, since, you know, you need
a controller.
You need a controller for it, yeah.
Alright, let me go to our chat room.
We always have the chat comments here, chat.orangelaungeradio.com.
But for the record, though, I am buying the game on top of this, so I have two controllers,
you know, for party situations and stuff like that.
And, actually, I want to lead into our first chat comment tonight from our chat room that
kind of gets into this a little bit, and our first chat comment tonight comes from our
buddy Derek H., who actually hosts another show here on allgames.com, Dead Pixel Live,
which would technically be the next show on After Orange Launch Radio, just, you have
to wait until Monday.
Derek H. says, "$130, it's catch-22.
To be worth it, you'd need to have a lot of friends, but if you have a lot of friends,
you're not a person who spends $130 on a video game."
I don't know, though, what about, I mean, I get the funny he's trying to make there,
but what about, like, Rock Band?
Rock Band's a party game.
Rock Band, you know, and it's, I don't know, I looked at it, you know, I thought about
it, but I went with it.
I went for it, and you know what, I'm not regretting it.
I like playing it.
But didn't you, it sounds like you had people over to play this game.
Well, I work, yeah, we checked it out and stuff like that, and, you know, I had it hooked
up for an entire day and that kind of thing, but, yeah, it's fun, and I am looking forward
to, and really, I could, I could just skip paying the extra $200, or $100, I'm not buying
the Renegade Edition, that's for sure, because I have a bag to carry this, you know, system
in, and you know what, I don't really need a table to play it on, because I played it
in my lap just fine, so don't buy it, especially if you don't like rap music like me.
I'm not really huge into hip hop and rap music, so, not for me.
But, yeah, I am playing and picking it up, because I'm hoping I get it about a week or
two early, so.
So there, now your day job comes into play.
Yeah, that's where it comes in.
So don't say they don't do crap, because you've got lots of games that way.
Yeah, but they don't give it to me for free, and I have to buy that crap.
All right, fair enough.
All right, so that was your gaming week.
All right, we spent a lot of time talking about DJ Hero, but hey, the game's not out
for, what, two weeks?
Yeah, and it's 27th, I also want to say I finished my cabinet almost, I've been working
on that constantly since I've gotten it, and just today, around 3 o'clock, I finished
putting it all back together and everything, and, you know, played a little bit of New
Mario on there, and it works awesome.
It's just, I have everything done except for I need to modify the kick harness on there
to hook up to what I've got for MAME, and then also have to get two new locks for under
the control panel, because the ones I bought are too short, and then also need to move
it in the house.
Oh, and install Windows and stuff onto my actual PC, because I actually had to custom
build the PC to mount it on this piece of wood and stuff, so I actually made my own
power buttons and stuff like that.
It's ridiculous.
But I have pictures online, and there's pictures posted in chat.
Look at that.
Within seconds, Tiger Claw and SSA100MAT have pictures up.
It's pretty, it looks prettier in the picture than it does in real life, but yeah, all the
buttons have been replaced.
Wait, so you just posted these today?
I just posted them this afternoon.
Oh, I haven't seen this yet.
I haven't checked live during the day, so I haven't seen it.
I painted it black, and it looks awesome.
Wow.
Yeah, it's slick.
Nice.
So you can see there, I had to drill three more holes for additional buttons, and then
if you scroll all the way to the bottom there, you can see-
Why did you make a mess of your garage?
Oh, the garage is a mess, yeah.
I remember when you moved in, that was pristine.
Okay, sorry.
I just, no.
So I had to drill new buttons, but that's the PC right there.
It's a huge, but it's all mounted to a piece of wood.
I had to make custom buttons and stuff like that.
I will post this to our Twitter feed if you're okay with that.
Oh, I'm fine.
I already posted a link to my Twitter.
Folks listening on the podcast can go back and check that out if they want to see it.
Very cool.
Some questions from chat.
Tigerclaw wants to know, so you mounted a motherboard to it.
What about cooling?
Are there any vents on the back, an extra amount of fans?
No, I don't think that I really need all that stuff.
I mean, the cabinet's pretty open in the inside anyways.
I mean, there's a fan on the processor, fan on the graphics card, but I don't think it's
going to get too hot because I'm really not...
I mean, MAME, I don't think it's going to strain that processor too much.
So we'll see.
If I need to put a fan in there, I can.
But, I mean, I don't know.
I don't think it needs it.
I think it'll be fine.
But we'll play it by ear, you know.
All right.
I just put that on the Twitter, by the way.
So there you go.
Anything else, Loki?
That's it.
All right.
My gaming week.
I've actually had some time to play some games this week.
I just want to point this out, and I know I'm going to get criticized by a lot of folks.
I still haven't fixed the 360.
I kind of don't need to right now.
I've totally been happy in my gaming world with World of Warcraft, of course, and PlayStation
3.
I hate to admit it because we've been so critical of Sony for a long time, but when Sony does
things right, I think we should admit when they've done things right.
And I think this price drop was really the right thing, and it could have happened a
long time ago, granted.
And I think PS3 is moving in a pretty good direction.
And one reason why I'm saying that is because finally we got another really good PlayStation
3 exclusive game this week, and that's one of the games I've been playing this week,
is Demon's Souls.
Here's the thing, though.
Demon's Souls is not for everybody.
It's, from what I hear, it is hard.
I've dropped probably four or five hours in this game.
I've rolled three different characters.
I've beaten the tutorial level, and I consistently get my ass handed to me in the first level.
It is that hard of a game.
This game is the Mega Man 9 of role-playing games, although I don't want to think role-playing
games as like Final Fantasy role-playing game because it's more of an action-y RPG.
Think a little more like Oblivion in the third person.
This game is so hardcore, it's like D&D.
I mean, you have to consider everything.
You have to consider the weights of the weapons you're carrying, all these different statistics.
There's no pause.
There is no pause in this game.
There is no pause in this game because the game's online.
And this is the interesting thing.
This is the part that makes Demon's Souls fascinating is the online component because
it's not an MMO.
It's not a single-player role-playing game.
Let me give you an idea of the types of stuff you do in this game.
You can leave markings on the ground that have little messages for other people,
but you can't type in your own messages.
Sorry, Loki.
You have to choose from like a predetermined set that kind of works like a mad lib.
In other words, you can put down a sentence that says, beware of blank ahead.
And then the next screen would say, what do you want to be in the blank?
Enemies, gold, trap, what do you want it to say?
So you put these mad lib-ish type warnings down, and then people can rate these messages up.
And if they get rated up, your character gets healed.
You might suddenly see a message pop on your screen.
Your message has been rated up, and you get a little bit of life point back,
which is good because otherwise you can't really get it back very easily.
And then if it sucks, well, your message just never shows up in other people's worlds.
The less it gets rated, the less it just goes away.
The other component is that you'll have blood stains.
When people die in the world, their blood stain appears,
and you can touch the blood stain and watch how they die.
That's awesome.
Which is kind of interesting.
It helps you learn lessons because there's little surprises around every corner and all this stuff.
So here's the thing, though.
Here's how unforgiving the game is.
The currency of the game is souls.
Souls by beating monsters.
If you die in a level, you go all the way back to start.
You lose all your souls, all of them, and the whole level starts over.
If you can get back to where your blood stain was and touch it, you get all your souls back.
If you die again, you're fucked.
It's gone.
You lose everything.
This game is not messing around.
It is a very, very difficult game.
When I say it is the Mega Man 9 of role-playing games, I'm not kidding.
You know how Mega Man 9 is?
You have to go in, you have to die, die, die, and learn a distinct pattern in how to beat the level.
Once you learn the pattern to beat the level, it's never a problem again.
That's very similar to what this game is.
As I'm going through the level,
oh, demon hiding behind the wood,
oh, demon hiding around the corner,
oh, two demons over here,
you start to learn the patterns.
It just is difficult still for me because a lot of it has to do with timing.
If you want to beat really hard enemies, you have to be able to block
and then basically jab your sword into the enemy.
It gets really hard.
I'm just saying this game is not fucking around with the difficulty.
If you think you're going to throw a controller across the room, you probably will.
That's where you might need to decide if this game is worth dropping $60 on or not
because I think the challenge is this game's biggest asset and it's game's biggest drawback.
I usually don't go on and read internet reviews of games before I review it myself
because I'm afraid I'm going to steal things from reviews,
but I had to do it this way.
It just indirectly might say something that I read in a review,
but I have to repeat this.
This was on a review somewhere.
It is the anti-casual game, I think is the perfect way to describe this game.
It is the anti-casual game.
It's R-Type.
Is it a rewarding experience though?
Heck yeah because it feels really good when you are able to successfully beat a level
and get past a point you've never got before.
That's a reward you haven't really seen since 8-bit gaming days.
One other thing I do want to say about online mode.
I haven't gotten to this part myself,
but apparently this gets in later on after you beat the first couple levels
is that when you die or I guess some of the stains on the floor
start being that you can warp yourself into someone else's world
and help them beat the boss,
or you can go into someone else's world as a black phantom and try to kill them.
So now you can be the enemy in someone else's world.
That's awesome.
And you get rewarded if you kill the other player.
But here's the other thing to keep in mind.
There is no friends list in this game.
There is no voice chat in the game.
It is all anonymous.
So when you're the black phantom, you're a silent killer.
They don't even know who killed them.
That sounds like fun.
The tricky thing about being the phantom is that if you're just out there,
I think they purposely make the phantoms a little weaker,
but if you know the levels, if you've really worked at the levels,
and you kind of know the good hiding spaces like around corners and stuff,
you can just beat the shit out of somebody that you storm in their level.
That's awesome.
Loki, I think you would sit there all day
and be the black phantom on people's levels and have fun with it.
You should see me play Grand Theft Auto, man.
What we've been doing now where we have random people coming into our games,
because we do ranked games now,
so basically if you sign on to a ranked game when we're online playing a ranked game
or in the lobby, you will be in our ranked game.
And then I will mock you on our end,
because no one realizes that all five of us or four of us are in the same room.
So we'll be like, okay, he's coming around the corner.
Boom!
Just knock the guy down and we'll kind of not really gang up on them,
but we'll help each other.
Oh, man, I talk shit when other people are in there.
It's awesome.
Going to some comments from our chat, chat.orangelandsradio.com,
Kitsune says, by that means, they can come into your world and kill you.
Yes, they can.
I am told the game warns you when a black phantom has entered your level,
but it doesn't tell you anything beyond that.
And let's see, Hitstun says, this sounds awesome.
Too bad it's a PS3 exclusive.
That's actually my point, Hitstun.
That's why I said kind of before I went into this story,
Sony's finally gaining some ground moving into this holiday season.
Sony PS3 has had some great exclusives.
For the platformers, they have LittleBigPlanet.
For the first-person shooters, they have Resistance.
Now they have something for the action RPGers, and that's Demon's Souls.
And to some extent, you could say Valkyria Chronicles 2,
although that's more of a, you know, why can't I think of the name all of a sudden?
Real?
The strategy, RTS game.
Thank you.
Leo Shen wants to know how far did I get.
Dude, I can't even beat Voltaria Palace 1-1.
That's how hard this game is.
Like, I keep getting killed by the blue-eyed guy.
But I'm trying.
I just, I keep rerolling characters to think it can,
I actually hear the easiest way through it is with the royalty character,
because even though they start at the lowest level, they have the soul arrow,
so that's what I'm trying to do now.
But I'm finding it makes you really weak.
So I got gang raped by two fire-wielding guys.
I can't even get back to where I was with my soldier.
Anyhow, Demon's Souls is the name of the game.
One other game I do want to mention that I played, another PS3 exclusive,
go figure, Katamari Forever on the PlayStation 3.
I did pick up this week, finally.
It's a little cheaper than Demon's Souls.
Demon's Souls set me back 60.
I believe Katamari Forever was 49.99 or 50.
Yeah, 40.
So it's a little cheaper, but you know what?
I had more fun playing this than I did the Xbox 360 version,
beautiful Katamari.
I don't know why.
I'm not trying to hate on 360.
I do miss my 360, and I will be getting it fixed soon
when I finally can't resist anymore wanting to play Beatles Rock Band
and some of the other online games I've been missing out on
while my 360 has been broken.
But I will say Katamari Forever is really cool.
I love the way it controls.
The music is cute, having it back in the levels.
I have to admit, I haven't fully explored the game,
because I've been kind of a little busy playing Demon's Souls
and killing in that game.
But I'm already having more fun with this than I was the 360 version of the game,
even though this admittedly is a rehash of a lot of the levels.
But what I like is that they do put new elements in the levels.
You can go back and play the old levels as the old levels if you want.
And to be honest, I haven't played the game in so long
that all the levels are feeling new to me again
after two, three years of not playing it.
But I do think the price point may be a little high
considering that a lot of it is recycled.
If you've never played Katamari Damacy before, though,
this is a really good entry-level game.
If you have all the other games, you might want to wait for a price drop.
I just think for a lot of folks, 50 bucks,
unless you're a hardcore fan of the series,
you're going to be like, come on, too much.
So there you go.
All right, so that was pretty much my gaming week.
I did play some other stuff, but I've talked too much about the other games.
I want to get into some gaming news.
I know you guys do, too.
We're going to get into it.
First off, some housekeeping real quick.
The podcast feed is behind.
I'm sorry about that, but vacations will do that.
I did get 338 on the feed tonight, so all that's left is 339 in the mini show.
So those will go up this week before this week's show does.
So part of the problem was that when I was last here at Dark Soccer's house,
I didn't upload 339 to our server.
I uploaded 329.
So I was never going to be able to put up more than what I put up today.
So that was my bad, and I'm sorry for being lazy.
But vacations happen, so I guess more incentive to tune in live when you can,
but I will try to be better for the podcast feed listeners.
I know you guys have been kind of pooped on a lot in 2009,
so I apologize for that.
Anyhow, that's really it.
Otherwise, go ahead and add us on Twitter.
We are soon going to have a new Facebook fan page.
I know we have our Facebook forums,
but we're actually going to work on building a fan page
so that way we can notify you about new shows in your friend feed
if you want.
If you don't want it, add us anyway, and then block our updates, whatever.
But we're going to actually work on an official Orange Laundry Radio page
that will hopefully be open this week.
And then, of course, we still have our live journal,
our website, orangelaundryradio.com, and so forth.
Let's get into some actual gaming news now.
Thirty minutes into the show, we can finally talk gaming news.
There's been quite a bit in the time we've been gone.
Loki, start us off tonight, if you would.
Yes, and it's interesting.
The game that was kind of teased around, and actually it was pretty sweet
from the concept art that was leaked,
Epic Mickey has been confirmed via the newest Game Informer.
It's on the cover.
And, of course, they have the inside story about that as well.
The game is being done by War Inspector,
and it's actually pretty sweet looking.
It takes place kind of in this dark Disney-type world
where Mickey will actually be facing up against some forgotten Disney characters
who are all really twisted looking.
I mean, this stuff is like some Alice McGee type of stuff,
but apparently the villain in the game is supposed to be Oswald the Rabbit,
who I had no idea who he was, so therefore perfect for this,
since it's a character that's been forgotten.
Very cool looking game, and right now it's been confirmed
to be exclusive for the Wii, but it might actually be coming out later on,
maybe on some other platforms.
I hope it actually comes out on 360 or PS3,
because the visuals that they have right now in the concept art look awesome,
and I just don't know if it's going to translate well over to the Wii,
but definitely want to play this game.
It's a pretty epic looking RPG.
Have we seen much outside of the one screenshot that's on the magazine cover?
They've had artwork put out from it, and it looks really dark.
I'm almost surprised it's even on the Wii.
Well, the Wii's kind of needed something like Epic Mickey,
so I get it, and I'm going to give it a chance.
I think a lot of people are like,
boo, this isn't coming to 360 or PS3, it can't be that epic,
but I'm saying, wait a minute, give this a chance,
because what this game's trying to do is fill a niche that the Wii doesn't have,
because the Wii right now is known as a shovelware system
with the occasional awesome Metroid or Mario game.
That's what the Wii is right now.
So, okay, let's give Epic Mickey a chance to fill a void that's needed.
So I'm hopeful, even though, yeah, I can't be high def,
graphics aren't everything, let's remember that.
And right now, the reason why it's on the Wii exclusively
is because the control system that's in the game relies on motion controls,
and since I don't know when it's going to be coming out,
if it's spring next year, it might be too early,
maybe they don't have time to work with development kits for Natal,
or whatever they're calling the PlayStation 3 motion controller.
We'll see more of these games later on.
And who's to say that they couldn't, if this is really popular,
do a sequel, it'll be on all platforms, or even port this later on.
So I wouldn't rule it out, but...
Well, here's my thing, though.
What's wrong with Kingdom Hearts?
I mean, isn't Kingdom Hearts, in a way, epic Mickey?
I mean, I realize that games are going to be different.
I realize this is not going to be a role-playing game or what have you.
I kind of look at this and go, is this going to kill off Kingdom Hearts?
Because that's kind of too bad.
Because Kingdom Hearts, I always thought, was kind of an epic Mickey.
I mean, yeah, I was...
I don't think it co-exists.
I hope so.
But, I mean, there was always those rumors that Kingdom Hearts 3,
whenever it actually happens, was going to do away with the Disney.
I mean, is that what we're looking at?
Now the Disney is over here?
I mean, I guess we don't know until we really get some final words on Kingdom Hearts 3.
But how much Disney is involved with these handheld Kingdom Hearts games?
I've got to admit, I haven't been following the handheld Kingdom Hearts games.
Maybe the chat can help.
I don't really know.
Chatters, how much Disney are in those handheld Kingdom Hearts games?
I mean, are they already phasing the Disney out?
I'm not really sure.
I never played the DS version that just came out, so I don't know.
All right, well, granted the games can co-exist,
and we can't really rate this game until it's actually out.
But I do kind of pose that question, is that, well, isn't Kingdom Hearts, in some extent,
kind of an epic Mickey game?
And, granted, you can still have Kingdom Hearts co-exist with
Happy Birthday Disney Princess or whatever that game is on the Wii.
It's not like Kingdom Hearts is the sole only Disney game.
And X-Link confirms, yes, there is a lot in the games.
So whatever I heard about Disney being phased out is just a sick rumor.
Although, I will tell you, being at Disneyland twice in the past month,
there isn't a lot of Kingdom Hearts.
In fact, there is no Kingdom Hearts references in either park.
Which, I understand, because Square Enix, that's really their thing.
But you would think it still raises Disney awareness as kind of a bummer.
They don't have at least a Sora something to buy.
Well, it looks like, though, this game is going to be more like Disney Park stuff
because they show, kind of in the concept art here,
they have the castle in the background, they've got the Haunted Mansion in there.
They also have, you know, it's a small world in there.
They've got, you know, the characters.
They have, it looks like, it's just, it's going to be awesome.
I'm worried that it's going to be too dark and the people are going to be like,
oh my god, this is, you know, my kids are going to get nightmares from this, you know.
Because some of the creatures that they've shown so far are pretty creepy
and for a little kid, it would not be appropriate for them.
But is it going to be dark in like a, I mean, let's face it,
there's a lot of dark things at Disneyland now.
It's Halloween time there. They have Haunted Mansion.
I guess it would...
The ghost galaxy, if I were a little kid, would be freaked out by it.
As an adult, I think it's funny.
I think it's dark as in like, you know, the toys, I guess, like, you know, in Toy Story,
how they had the toys that the neighbor kid, you know, put together
and they're all creepy looking like the baby doll head.
That was a spider thing.
Imagine that but with Disney head, you know, characters of Disney
with their heads all over the place and machine parts and claws and stuff all over the place.
I can't believe Disney would allow that.
That just seems weird to me.
Like, non-distinct heads and things I would get or a nightmare before Christmas.
Like, I'll see if I can pull up some pictures for you and check it out.
Reading some comments from chat, because there's a lot of talk in chat about Epic Mickey,
Black Wolf says, I do know that Square and Disney don't like each other, at least in the US.
Kitsune says, even at Tokyo Disney, nothing from Kingdom Hearts.
I guess Kitsune has been there recently.
Tigerclaw says, oh my, I would imagine during the It's a Small World level,
the gamers will be tortured with that music playing on repeat.
So, like, here's some concept art that they had for Epic Mickey.
It's kind of very steampunk-ish.
Like, they have this, like, you know, ship thing with Epcot on there.
They've got, you know, just, like, some characters running around and, like, machines and stuff.
Like, there's Goofy right there that looks like a zombie almost.
Some, like, twisted, I don't even know what that is, you know.
This is, you know what this is? This is, like, the Return to Oz of Disney.
Did anyone ever see Return to Oz when they were kids?
It was awesome.
And read the books, too.
In the 80s? Dude.
Okay, for those that never saw Return to Oz back in the 80s,
because I was, like, seven when this movie came out, which means half our listeners weren't even born.
But here's the thing is that, okay, when Return to Oz came out,
first off, Feruza Balk was Dorothy.
And if you don't know who she is, she was, like, the twisted chick in the craft.
I don't know what else she's been in lately.
But she was in American History X, I think, and something else.
Okay, she was Dorothy.
And, like, the movie started out with her in an insane asylum, right?
And she goes, and she goes to this area where the witch, whoever she was, the bad witch,
and you all forgive me, my details of the story are scattered.
Maybe Jamie can help.
She was another princess.
Oh, was she another princess?
She collected heads in jars.
Of pretty women.
Yeah, she was after Dorothy's head to get.
So she was, like, and you would actually see, like, the heads in jars and things.
And, like, you saw all your favorite, like, characters from The Wizard of Oz, like,
Turn to Stone and, like, Frozen and Time, and it was a very dark-looking world.
I mean, for the, and this was, I believe, a movie Disney put out, wasn't it?
Maybe.
Yeah, well, even that, though, the characters that pick up along the way, like TikTok,
he was a different clockwork man, and he looked a bit more.
But when they brought in the Scarecrow and Tin Man and all of them, they looked very...
They looked like the old book.
Burtonized.
Yeah.
If I remember right, this movie took so long to come out because MGM had to lose the rights
to make the future Oz movies, and I think Disney put this one out.
So it was really weird that it was kind of a darker movie.
So, you know, Disney is capable of doing darker things.
It is just surprising that it would be their character.
That's why I'm calling this the return to Oz of new years.
If you don't know what I'm talking about, this movie's like a cult classic now.
It's out on DVD.
It's awesome.
Check it out.
It is a pretty awesome movie.
Like, it just, it'll warp your fragile little seven-year-old mind if you have kids.
It's, if you can't stand The Wizard of Oz, this movie is awesome.
I mean, because it's actually...
I think they should go back and do all the Oz movies this kind of style because it'd
be really sweet.
But anyways, so yeah, really creepy shit, you know, that's in all these concept things.
And so I hope they stick to it.
I mean, I hope they stick to their guns and try something risky because you know what?
You can put out a game for Disney's Princess and the Frog, you know,
and it may sell X number of copies or whatever, and that's fine.
But you know what?
Do something ballsy, and you know what?
It will, they'll get a good return on it.
Because gamers will buy it.
I'm curious, you know, and then I'm looking at the big picture is that what could this,
you know, if this does really, really well, what could this mean for, like,
what would happen at Disneyland and some of these places?
Like, could we get, like, an attraction based off of, like, creepy Disney?
I don't know.
Maybe a California adventure.
Maybe.
All right.
Anyhow, Kitsune, by the way, had never heard of Return to Oz, I guess,
and is very excited about the movie.
Put the trailer in chat and says, somehow this feels like Labyrinth.
Well, it came out around that same time.
It does feel kind of like Labyrinth.
It was a lot like Labyrinth.
I mean, this was that time in the 80s when you had, like, Never Ending Story,
Labyrinth, Dark Crystal, you know, Return to Oz.
They all came out right around the same time.
You know, they were all in that mid-early 80s phase, so.
The golden age of, you know, adventure movies.
Of fucking up children's minds.
Seriously, those are some fucked up movies we had as a kid.
Say my name!
And then you never really understood what the hell her name was.
I never got that.
They said what it was.
I used to know.
Crap, I'll have to look it up again.
I think we even tried turning on the subtitles once
to find out what her goddamn name was,
and it said Untangible or something.
Or Scream's name or something like that, where I was like, dammit!
All right, anyhow.
Moving on to some more gaming news, because Epic Mickey does sound pretty epic.
But moving on back to the 360, and I got to say,
the early screenshots for this look kind of cool.
It's something called the Retrocade.
Now, this isn't something that's confirmed.
I want to point out, this is news and rumors coming to us from a survey
that is currently out there with consumers.
And of course, when a survey goes out there,
somebody's going to take screen prints of it and send it to your favorite gaming blogs.
This is a project that's known as a lot of different names,
according to the survey.
Game Room, Retrocade, Tower of Rom, Classics Live.
Tower of Rom is kind of awesome, although I don't see that being the actual name.
I think Retrocade or Classics Live sound a lot more realistic.
Anyhow, they are saying that this is something that I guess looks a lot like PlayStation Home,
but they're not calling it PlayStation Home.
It's just something where the 360 avatars are in there,
and they're kind of walking around, and they're playing arcade games.
That's all we really know based on the survey.
We don't know to the full extent what the interactivity is here.
But you look at one of these screenshots,
and you can see two levels of video games with the avatars around.
And when I look at the titles of the games,
they look like they might actually be old-school games.
That little graphic there, that's an Intellivision graphic.
That little guy there is from the Intellivision series.
And it looks like the name of the game there is baseball from Intellivision.
Yeah, it has the Atari logos.
So I don't know what the deal is going on here.
Maybe this is like old-school 80s games,
Atari and Intellivision coming out, or what it is.
But it could be interesting.
I don't know, what would you guys like to see in regards to retro-ness on the 360?
I think it would be cool to have something like that.
Or that would be even kind of cool instead of like home.
You can just go walk around and play arcade games.
Instead of watching Twilight trailers.
Right.
But yeah, I've got to say though,
doing this in home, going into a virtual space to launch a game,
isn't that exciting?
Like it's one of those things that seems a lot cooler when you hear about it.
It's kind of irritating, isn't it?
Yeah, so I've got to wonder, what is going to make this cool?
Why am I going to want to go into this little front end with all the little avatars?
Beer would make it cool.
Achievement points.
Oh Lord.
You have found a game! Achievement point!
You have sneezed, achievement point.
Sadly, you're probably right.
No! Hey, I got an idea.
Well, it wouldn't really work with the classic games so much,
but like you could have, you know, say,
redemption games and you earn tickets or whatever
and you can redeem stuff for your avatar like costumes and crap.
What if, you might be onto something here,
what if Xbox Live charged you like ten cents to play
for one play of these games that might redeem?
You know, because there was other news this week,
and I know Bobby talked about it on his show,
it didn't make the cut for our show,
but they talked about the sports jerseys.
I know he talked about it on his show.
The sports jerseys made their way to Xbox Live this week.
What, four bucks a pop for the jerseys?
And I know he was surveying his listeners tonight about,
you know, would they pay for that or not?
Do you think there would be any interest in putting in like ten cents,
twenty-five cents to play a game and possibly unlock something from the game?
Do you think people would do that?
I think people would bite at that, you know,
like eight points or something like that.
Because they've talked about this as a distribution method
for games before for the online games,
both PSN and Xbox Live, is they put in a quarter to play the game
and then that way you're not paying like five bucks to own it
if you're only going to play it once or twice.
Is your mic on?
No, it is now.
There it is.
There's consumer wars out there.
I would try it just to try it.
I think that a quarter would be, well,
I think that it should be along the lines of, oh, play this,
and if you decide that you want it permanently then, you know,
like pay for demo.
Well, either way, you know it's going to be their virtual money anyway.
Yeah.
So, all right.
Well, anyhow, it's going to be interesting to see what comes of that.
Of course, it could be nothing.
It could just be a survey.
We'll see.
DarkSakura.
Well, for other, I guess we can sort of call this nostalgic
even though it's an ongoing series,
but there's the pop music portable
that's supposed to be coming out on PSP
with the nine button mode and everything,
but it looks like there's going to be a story mode in it.
And so, because you can go around like sort of a board game map thingy
like Mario Party-ish, and you go that way to unlock new songs and things,
but this sort of makes me think of, like, you know the pop music,
I have pop music seven where you play through
as the little superhero guy at the end of the thing like a board game
and you unlock stuff.
It's more like an old RPG,
but maybe that's just the post game unlock mode thing.
I don't know if it's an actual story mode.
Now, for those who don't know what pop music is,
because not everybody who listens to our show now is a music game fan,
it's basically think like, I guess you could say,
a guitar hero or a rock band,
but with a controller that looks like nine pop-o-matic bubbles
from the game Trouble,
and they're kind of laid out in a five on the bottom,
four on the top pattern,
and you use these to play songs like a la Guitar Hero, basically.
How in the hell is this going to translate to PSP?
Maybe they'll have an add-on or something?
Japan's kind of used to this, though.
Japan kind of will play these games.
You've seen DDR on the Game Boy.
They have DJ Max on there.
Yeah, DJ Max is really popular on PSP and other countries.
Even here, to some extent, has a cult following here.
I guess these type of button beat games are okay.
Would this game ever come out in the US, though?
I don't know.
How desperate is Konami for money? That's really the question.
You would think, though, now that it's all going digital distribution,
how hard would it be for them to just slap it up on the download and let it be?
Minimal localization for that.
Right, but do you think they'll still do it? Probably not.
No, they're leaving.
Sad.
Unfortunately.
Anyway.
All right, well, I guess we'll see if a controller comes out for this game or not,
but probably not.
But the story modes, hey, this game already sounds better than pop-o-music.
We are getting that here in America.
And it's already better than whatever beaten groovy told you we started.
Anyways, DJ Hero will be coming out in a couple weeks,
and the full song list has been released by Activision
and features 93 tracks with 100 different songs composing those tracks.
And some of the neat little things I thought I'd mention,
some of the tracks that we have here that I thought were interesting.
Let's see.
Of course, you may remember the remix that I did,
Shout vs. Eric Pride's Piano.
Well, there's also going to be two other Shout remixes as well.
Tears for Fears Shout vs. DJ Shadow's 6 Days remix featuring Mos Def
and Shout vs. Eric B and Rakim.
Eric B is the president.
That one is mixed by DJ Jazzy Jeff, all completely different sounding.
They have another one also versus piano,
Somebody Told Me by The Killers vs. Piano, which will be interesting.
Vanilla Ice Ice Ice Baby vs. MC Hammer You Can't Touch This.
And then also a little bit more 80's or I guess early 90's music in there.
Ice Ice Baby vs. Paula Abdul's Straight Up, which that would be kind of interesting.
If that's not your kind of thing, there may be some Herbie Hancock Rocket.
They've got a beat juggle version of that and also Rocket vs. Nerd's Lap Dance.
That one's produced by Grandmaster Flash.
And then Foreigner, Jukebox Hero vs. DJ Z-Trip featuring Mers, DJ Hero.
That's produced and mixed by DJ Z-Trip.
And then some of the songs that we'll be hearing tonight later on.
Foreigner, Jukebox Hero, only live for our live listeners during break.
Foo Fighters Monkey Wrench vs. BC Boys Sabotage, the DJ guitar mix.
And then also, what do we got here?
Boom Boom Pow by Black Eyed Peas and Satisfaction by Benny Banasi.
And lots more stuff.
But yeah, you can check out the full track list. It's online everywhere.
Lots of good songs. I'm very excited to play all these.
Now we're actually going to give DJ Hero a little spin here in studio quick.
I don't think we're going to play all the songs because of copyright.
We'll just play like maybe a minute or so.
But just if you kind of want to hear what this game sounds like.
And it's going to be tricky because I kind of want Loki to describe what...
Or I guess maybe I'll describe kind of what he's doing.
This is going to be weird radio, but can we plug in DJ Hero and get some of the noise out on the feed here?
And I'm going to kind of describe what Loki's doing as he's playing this game.
Where are the audio ties? Oh, they're down there. Are those them?
Or is that where they're... Okay.
Hold on guys. Live radio. We're actually plugging in the audio for DJ Hero right now.
Can you shut it down a little bit?
Okay. Did that take down my mics too?
Okay. Sorry guys. We're adjusting the audio live here.
So, alright.
So here we go. So Loki's going to hit start.
I don't hear anything either.
Oh, there it is. Very quiet. There we go.
Sorry guys. I know this isn't the most interesting radio in the world, but right now there's a menu here.
Learn to DJ. Quick play single DJ. That's what Loki picked.
And in this demo we have Marvin Gaye versus Gorillaz.
Gwen Stefani versus Rick James and Black Eyed Peas versus Benny Banasi.
And you can actually see it shows you on the screen who is presenting the track.
It shows what's called the intensity, which this is low.
And the duration, 3 minutes and 48 seconds for the song that Loki currently has selected.
And then you can actually see performance on different levels.
I don't know if that shows how well Loki's done or what that is showing there.
Do we have the audio?
Is the connection bad?
There you go.
I think those wires are weird.
Uh oh, is there a mixing board? That's not good.
Sorry guys.
The reason why you're hearing it bounce from left to right, those of you listening live, are podcasts are mono.
Loki's doing one at a time here.
We're having the board just to match it. There you go.
Don't touch it. Just play.
Did the audio already go out?
Oh crap.
All right. Well, maybe we won't get to play it live tonight.
We will later. You're going to fix it for later.
All right. So we just won't get to play it during the show for the podcasters. That was a waste of time.
Sorry guys.
Are you working on that now?
All right. All right. Fair enough.
I don't know what to talk about here in the meantime.
Should I just go on to the next story? We'll come back.
Yeah, we'll do that. I'm going to go on to the next story. We'll come back.
The next story has to do with the Wii Balance Board.
The Wii Balance Board apparently is now being used in some airport screening.
Now, this is only a study. It's not actually something you're going to go to the airport and see right now.
But apparently, the US government has invested some money into actually looking at using the Wii Balance Board in airport screening.
So this is according to a CNN report.
This is a couple of experimental methods that are being used right now to see who is suspicious at the airport.
This is being done by scientists that are part of the Future Attribute Screening Technology, or FAST program.
They're actually using the Wii Fit peripheral to see how somebody shifts their weight.
They're trying to find, quote, a level of fidgeting that would suggest the need for a secondary screening.
So they're using the Wii Balance Board, I guess it's something that you would kind of step on before you go through the gate,
to see if you are really fidgety while you're going into the airport.
That's kind of weird to me because what if you're just old and you just shake a lot?
I mean, wouldn't that set off some red flags?
I don't know about you guys, but I don't think this is something you're actually going to see at an airport for quite some time.
You certainly wouldn't see a Wii Balance Board, that's for sure.
Would you see that type of technology embedded into a mat that you step on before you go through the terminal?
Sure. But are you going to see the Wii Balance Board itself out there?
Heck no. That's just going to look dumb. Besides, those things are kind of thin.
And don't forget the Wii Balance Board only supports up to like 300 or 350 pounds.
That doesn't include everybody that you need to screen at an airport.
So if anything else, they may have to take the same technology and use it in some other new device.
Although I don't know why seeing the balance of somebody is going to show if they're a terrorist or not.
That seems a little silly to me.
I have this bad feeling that this whole thing was just a footnote on some other study that people are taking way too seriously.
Yeah, an X-Link in chat says, old person with MS, Suez Airport.
Yeah, I can see that. I can see that happening.
How we doing, Loki? We okay? Loki's got some new plugs he's going to try.
Like I said, I want to try this the first time.
This is the way he wanted to do it the first time, I guess.
Of course, I'm not hearing anything.
Oh.
It's those plugs there are bad.
Do you have another red and white set you can use besides those plugs?
Only on live radio could this happen, boys and girls.
What about the gray cords? There's gray cords in the box that we used to use.
Those will extend.
Okay, we're trying to right now extend.
Will that even work? Okay, he says yes.
And hopefully these plugs will be a little better.
And that's what Loki is putting in right now.
As we try to demo DJ Hero for you guys here on Orange Lodge Radio.
Much better.
Alright.
Okay.
So which track are you going to play here?
Oh yeah, I'm going to get one. Here we go.
So he can pick his character here if he wants, but he didn't.
So now he's cool Papa G is the character he is.
There's also one named Kitty Smash.
It's like a punk chick.
So alright.
So he's going to go cool Papa G.
And now he's picking his difficulty.
He's going with medium.
Sorry.
Alright, so the song is currently loading.
And there's a tip on the screen.
Rewinds are a great way to earn a big score.
Try them in a section you know well.
And it's showing him a little bit about how to play the game.
There's a euphoria button, an effects dial.
Alright, so this is Marvin Gaye versus Gorillaz.
He's laying down the track.
Here we go.
And right now he's hitting buttons on the controller in time with the beats as they fall.
He's also moving the crossfader back and forth as you see it on the green and the blue sides.
I don't know if he's holding the button down when he does that.
And when he sees these little arrows on the track, he actually has to keep scratching.
Let's just check some there.
I want this remix really bad.
And Logan's actually having to hold down the green or the blue button when he scratches.
Because they're scratching on both the green and the blue track.
What was that in the middle? He just blared a horn.
Very interesting.
Alright, I don't know if we can play much more here.
I'm going to cut you off, Logan.
Can you just pause it?
Or fail it or whatever?
Alright, there he is. He's going to pause it there.
You will get to hear the whole thing of that on break later.
But unfortunately for the podcast, we have to cut it off because we don't want to get sued by the makers of DJ Hero.
So we used a little bit there for critical review purposes only.
As we're allowed to do.
So, there you go.
Interesting.
Yeah, it is a bummer we don't have TV.
I don't know what exciting radio that made, but at least I was able to get a feel for the game.
Now I kind of want to play.
Yeah, it looks like fun.
I'll have to play later.
Alright.
Anyhow, we'll get into more DJ Hero here in a little bit, but we have some more news.
Dark Soccer is going to take us to our next story.
I am. Well, I guess I am.
For fans of Beatles Rock Band, there is an actual download content plan in store.
But it's based on how well the next three sets of download content go.
Because the process for doing everything for Beatles Rock Band is expensive and intensive.
Because it's not just like, you know, mastering one song in.
You have to send off the original tape and redo it and bring it back in and have level animation and whatnot ready for it.
Because it has to fit in with their whole, I guess, branding or whatever.
The feel of the game.
It has to fit the identity of the game.
So, they want to see how everything sells first.
Right now, of course, the only downloadable content is All You Need Is Love.
But on October 20th, we're getting Abbey Road, which will be 1360 Microsoft Points.
Or 160 points per track.
And then we get Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band and Rubber Soul, which Rubber Soul is my favorite.
Just saying.
Great album.
I had it on vinyl.
And, of course, those are coming out in November and December, respectively.
So, I think it makes sense.
Because it is really a lot of work that goes into it.
Not just for having to master the tracks, but like I said, you've got to make sure that the animation is lined up.
That everything is going to fit the feel of the rest of the game.
Which is why you can't go in and play Aerosmith on Beatles Rock Band or something like that.
Even though that would be kind of fun.
That would be in Guitar Hero.
You know what I mean, as an example.
Well, you can't expect that there's going to be new content every week for the Beatles Rock Band.
Obviously, there's a very limited catalog to what they can pick from.
And, of course, you're talking about old music.
You're talking about very protected, very delicate, world icon music that has got to be scrutinized very carefully.
It makes sense why this is not going to be a floodgate worth of material.
If the game enough isn't enough for you, I don't think the download content is going to give you anything that's going to make you go, OMG must buy this game.
If the game enough wasn't good enough, forget it.
But it would be nice to see them pour some more stuff out here.
My thought on this is that there are actually a number of songs in the home game that are just a few that I'm really not familiar with.
And certain songs in different eras are ones that are not on my list of old favorites.
I like a lot of the mid to older stuff better.
But isn't it like maybe exposing you to stuff you haven't heard from a band that is so iconic?
I'll put it this way.
I've at least heard most of the songs in the game once at least.
But I don't really look at it as being a new kind of exposure.
It's just that I would rather have some of my favorites.
Although I wonder how they're doing some of the ones that didn't have a drum track or didn't have any guitar.
For example, Eleanor Rigby only had strings.
So maybe you put your guitar up to your neck and play as a violin.
I'm joking.
You could probably play a sort of like a Let's Talk More Rock instead of Keytar.
You have, you know.
Violin Rock.
Vanessa May.
Anyhow, let's go ahead and get into some release dates for games that are coming out this week.
Yeah, I got a good selection of games coming out this week.
Starting things off, Witch's Tale, which is going to be coming out on DS.
Also this week, NBA 2K10 is coming out on PC.
I guess it got delayed from the rest of them.
Kars Racerama pretty much coming out on everything.
Squeeballs Party on the Wii and DS.
You may remember this was the game that was supposed to have a Wii remote type of controller for the Xbox 360.
That version got cancelled, unfortunately.
But you can pick it up on the rest of the systems.
Also, kind of a Grey's Hits edition of Midnight Club Los Angeles is coming out.
The Complete Edition with the download content intact and for the Grey's Hits price.
Pets Pony Beauty Pageant for the DS.
Sing Star Latino coming out on PlayStation 2.
That's interesting.
Didn't know that was coming over here.
Ju-On, The Grudge, Haunted House Simulator for the Wii.
Making its way out this week.
Africa on PS3, which apparently has been getting horrible reviews.
It's about time that game comes out, though.
Africa.
Yes.
Where the Wild Things are coming out, tying with the new movie.
That'll be on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii, and DS.
Maybe PSP.
Magna Carta 2 coming out on Xbox 360.
Sing Star Motown coming out on PlayStation 3.
Also another game I was unaware of.
Heroes Saga Leviathan Tactics coming out on DS.
Mario and Sonic at the Olympic Winter Games on the Wii and DS this week.
Brutal Legend making its way out on Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3.
Kind of go along with Epic Games like that.
Uncharted 2 Among Thieves coming out this week on PlayStation 3.
Half Minute Hero coming out on PlayStation Portable.
That'll be pretty awesome.
They haven't bought Fallout 3 yet.
Fallout 3 Game of the Year Edition with all the download content with it for 60 bucks.
That's coming out on Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, and PC.
Way of the Samurai on Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 this week.
Grand Theft Auto Chinatown Wars on PSP.
Sudoku Ball Detective on the Wii.
Buck Fever on the Wii.
And a boy and his blob on the Wii.
That's going to be awesome.
Really?
Yeah.
Boy, that came out under the radar, didn't it?
I actually saw something for that a little earlier today.
I thought I'd seen something on one of the blogs, but I got the impression this game was still in development.
I didn't realize it was coming out now.
It's ready to go.
Interesting.
Agatha Christie's ABC Murders coming out on DS this week.
Woohoo.
Yeah.
Hope Angela Lansbury does some voice acting in that.
I'm a big fan.
And that's it.
All right.
Japanese release dates are not here this week.
We'll get back to those next week.
So apologies to those folks looking for the releases in Japan, but my resource is not working right now.
So we'll have to just skip over to Euro release dates, right, Jimmy?
Well, what we have is Brutal Legend on the 16th for PS3 and Xbox 360.
Harvest Fishing, yay.
Magna Carta 2, Mario and Luigi Bowser's Inside Story, which actually that sounds pretty fun to me.
Playing as a big old lizard guy.
Playing inside of him.
Yeah.
The nose and rump command.
That sounds funny.
Mario and Sonic at the Olympic Winter Games on the 16th.
And Ninja Captains, as well as Tropico 3.
Oh, and also Uncharted 2 among thieves.
That we all are.
I'm hearing great things about Uncharted 2.
I just want to say great, great things.
Uncharted.
I want to kind of check it out.
This looks...
I'm looking at more of the stuff from the Mario and Luigi Bowser's Inside Story.
That actually looks pretty cute.
Well, those Mario and Luigi games were always fun.
I feel like they've kind of like really milked that series.
But, you know, they've always been a good kind of role playing game for the DS.
Yeah.
Okay, so you may not be having trouble with your vision.
But hey, who says that you can't improve upon what you already have?
And apparently a company that makes gaming glasses is looking to do that.
The new glasses are called Gunner Optics.
And they're designed to improve your gaming performance.
Apparently they have some special coating and tints to them.
And apparently they do everything from reducing glare to blocking out evaporative air currents.
Okay.
Basically, to me, they look like shooting glasses.
But just with a fancier frame.
They kind of have that same yellow tint to them.
The prices are $100.
And apparently Ars Technica took them out for a test drive.
And actually found out that they do what they say.
And actually did have an effect during prolonged gaming sessions.
Whether that's worth the $100 or not is, I guess, your decision.
But they look neat.
You know, I guess a little bit geek chic.
I don't know.
Maybe if I, I don't know, that might look good in glasses.
I'm not going to drop $100 on glasses, though.
Let me see these.
Well, you know, a good pair of regular glasses will cost you several hundred dollars.
So, you know.
Mine cost $430.
That's why people have vision insurance, but.
And if it's just yellow tint, I have yellow tinted glasses I bought for $10 that are basically
this same thing, except without the fancy frame.
And, you know, maybe I should try those.
Except I don't like running around with those, because.
Well, didn't some big website put this on a study and vouch for it?
I mean, so.
Yeah.
There's got to be something more there, Loki.
I don't think this is something you can just get the tinted lens at the 98 cent clearance
center and run with, you know.
Well, not necessarily those, but like, you know, shooting glasses.
I bought them for Airsofting, but they're dangerous to wear Airsofting, because, you
know, those BBs can bounce underneath them, and that's not good, so you need like full
face goggles.
But I did buy them, and they worked okay, you know, because they didn't fog up, and
that was positive to me.
But after wearing them for an extended period of time, your eyes kind of hurt because everything's
like a yellow tint, and you take them off, and you're like, what?
Colors other than yellow.
What the hell?
Well, according to Tiger Claw in our chat room, chat.orange
on twitter.com, apparently Dead Pixel Live, another show here on allgames.com, had an
awesome day.
Alright, anyhow.
Moving on to one more game news story here, and then we're getting to the classic game
of the week.
PSP Minis.
You know, these are coming out now.
You saw kind of the first wave of these hit when the PSP Go came out, but something that
PSP Minis are having to account for in their price point, the ESRB ratings apparently are
setting these developers back $2,500.
So you might see a game here on a PSP that you see on the iPhone as well, and it costs
more on the PSP, and the whole reason why is the ESRB.
And something I didn't think of before is that the ESRB, you don't have to get a rating
from that for the iPhone game, surprisingly enough.
Isn't that something you think that's going to come to a head later on?
Like isn't that just a bag of uh-oh waiting to be open?
No, not really, because if you think about it, they kind of go through their own review
process through Apple, and really it's Apple as a platform that determines whether they
want to put games on their platform that have an ESRB rating or not.
And if they say, yeah, we'll take whatever, even if it doesn't have a rating or not, then
there's really nothing the ESRB can do.
Although it should be noted the ESRB is the president, I'm sorry, I do want to mention
this, the president has been on record saying not that long ago that Apple should be going
to their rating system for the iPhone.
Well, of course, they want the $2,500.
They want money for all those ratings and stuff, but you know what, if they don't want
to do it, and they don't have to do it, so to hell with you.
Interesting point from xlink in chat, kids don't have an iPhone, adults do.
But what about-
I know kids with iPhones.
Yeah.
What the hell are you talking about?
What about an iTouch, too?
I mean, he makes a good point that an iTouch, you don't have to have a phone contract for.
That sounds dirty, Rob.
Well, that's true, though.
The apps are for the iTouch, too.
It's an iPod Touch.
At least they don't have a kids version called iTouch Kids, because that would be bad.
Fine.
iPod Touch.
Sorry.
I thought it was an iTouch.
Whatever.
Shut up.
All right.
I got to do a story.
Yes.
I know.
What's that?
Down the line.
I can't shut up yet.
No.
All right.
Anyhow, I just wanted to say, though, real quick, that if you wonder why the PSP Minis
are more expensive, that is something the developers are citing as kind of their excuse,
for lack of a better term.
So there you go.
All right.
So we're going to get into another segment we like to do here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Every week is kind of our Part B segment, so to speak.
And it's a part where Dark Sakura gets to climb through her gaming vault and find a
game that, you know what, she thinks you guys ought to be playing.
And this is a segment we like to call the Classic Video Game of the Week.
Oh, Dark Sakura, what should the kids be playing this week?
Well, this is a game that I have admitted to everybody.
I have not played it.
I have seen it.
No, I take it back.
I started it once.
But people have suggested it to me, and earlier today, a friend of mine suggested it to me
as well.
Megzi suggested it.
Is Super Mario RPG Legend of the Seven Stars?
Well, it's about time.
This is a classic game, Dark Sakura, even if you somehow missed it.
This is definitely one of the all-time classic games.
In fact, a game that I was surprised we have never featured here on the Classic Game of
the Week segment.
So, I am going to play some music from it for you right now as soon as the website cooperates,
which it is not right now.
I'm not doing anything extra internet-y.
We may not.
There we go.
I just picked random level music.
Anyway, Super Mario RPG is an sort of adventure and role-playing game that's put out by Square
back in the day and Nintendo.
It came out in Japan on March 9th, 1996, and on May 13th, 1996, in North America.
Europe did not get it.
Not until it came out on the Virtual Console, August 22nd, 2008, which, according to this
reference, is the longest difference in time between release dates in Nintendo's history.
I had to change the YouTube.
Sorry, the other one wasn't loading right, so here we go.
Anyway, this was made pretty much all in-house by Square with guidance from Miyamoto, so
big deal.
The battle system in this game was pretty cool.
It's very similar to Chrono Trigger so that it's action-based, but you don't necessarily
just stick in your monster battles.
It does play rather isometrically, and you can see your enemies, and you can't, you know,
you don't fight with one until you run into one, so that's what I mean by Chrono Trigger-like.
But with your battle system, you can play Mario, Mallow, Geno, Bowser, or Princess Toadstool.
They all, of course, have their own attacks, and it is turn-based, this traditional turn-based
system, but you do have timed button presses, where how you do your commands determines
how your results come out, so pretty cool, and of course you have items and stuff.
But yeah, with the game, you go visit all the Toad people, and you have Moleville, and
a monster town, and you have the Yoshi town, and you have the cloud place called Nimbus
Land where the cloud people live, and Bowser's castle, and all this other crazy stuff, but
you play, but yeah, there are some original characters on there, I mean, not just, you
know, Mario and Toadstool and Bowser who come from the other games, but you have Mallow
who is a cloud boy who thinks he's a tadpole, and Geno who is possessed by a creature from
the star road, and then, of course, Bowser and his little friends, so that's the game.
Pretty cool.
It's got its own fun look, and its own fun music, and also though, this is, I've mentioned
this before, but it's one of the only three games that came outside of Japan that used
the Nintendo SA1, the others being Kirby Superstar and Kirby's Dream Land 3, so basically, and
this was another microprocessor, but it had allowed a higher clock speed, faster RAM,
greater memory mapping, data storage compression, new DMA modes such as bitmap to bitplane,
and builds in CIC lockout, so, pretty cool.
Oh yeah, it had different sound effects that used the SBC 700, so that was pretty cool.
This game was really advanced for when it came out, so.
Alright, well there you go.
Super Mario RPG finally, after all this time, gets highlighted on our show here, although
we've talked about it very fondly before, even if Dark Sakura somehow missed it.
That's okay, you know what, I played it a little bit, I like rented it once, and played
the crap out of it for like five days, and then, you know, sent it back, but I never
beat the game.
Loki, on the other hand, I know this is one of his all-time favorites, if I'm not mistaken,
right?
Hell yeah, I finished the game.
Alright, I see some people in chat calling it a good entry-level RPG, and a lot of folks
in chat really like this as the classic game of the week, so there you go.
Super Mario RPG, the classic game of the week.
Alright, that's gonna do it for this part A of Orange Lawns Radio tonight, but don't
go anywhere, because when we come back in part B, we have your Twitter topics, some
rapid-fire news tonight, and some news about Facebook and Twitter on Xbox Live, some dates
for when you can expect to see that, and Rock Band, coming to the iPhone.
We talked a little bit about iPhone games, now a big, big title is coming its way to
the iPhone, so we'll be kind of talking about if folks are looking forward to that, or if
this just sounds like shit.
We'll talk about that all in a little bit when we come back with more of Orange Lounge
Radio, so stay tuned.
And welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio, live on this October 11th, 2009, here
for episode number 340 of our weekly podcast, which we've taped since May, I'm sorry, June
of 2002.
During the break there, something I don't think we've done in quite some time in the
history of our show, Loki actually played a game live and provided us all of the break
music tonight, and we played some DJ Hero.
I am so sorry to the podcast listeners, but due to copyright restrictions, we can't play
any more than we did in part A for you guys, although I hear guys in our chat room were
bootlegging that, and we don't condone that, but if you know who to talk to, there's really
nothing we can do about it if some of those bootlegs get out, so there you go.
But I posed a question to chat, what you guys thought of that, and we were talking here
in the studio, the soundtrack's really hot, that third song, especially the Satisfaction
versus Boom Boom Pow, the Black Eyed Peas are kind of hit and miss for me, I think they
play them way too much on the radio and you kind of get sick of them, but I love how these
songs give a whole new look to these songs, and even some folks in chat were saying about
that Hollaback Girl song, that's the best they've ever heard that song.
And not everything in those songs were just a part of the soundtrack, you were actually
rewinding, you were doing the freestyle horns, right?
Freestyle, and then also there's parts where you can distort it, and I was using the Effector
dial on there to distort some of the tracks in there too.
So there's a lot of stuff that you can kind of add on top of it, and actually there's
a port in there where you can add a microphone too, I think a headset microphone, if you
want to talk over stuff, but that's tough enough, but yeah, I did screw up a few spots
where it dropped out, it's really touchy, it's sensitive to where, and the scratches
too early sometimes, but it's fun, and we'll have to definitely do it again once we get
the full game.
Now Bobby does want me to say in chat, obviously All Games Radio would prefer no bootlegs be
released as we could be held liable just saying, yeah, so obviously I was kidding before, so
don't release bootlegs because we don't want the fine folks to host our show here.
A lot of these songs I think are already out there, like in numerous gameplay clips.
I was commenting that I think that the Hollaback Boy Girl would and whatever, that I have a
very similar mashup on a disc that I bought in Berkeley.
And honestly this is all just promotion for Activision anyway, because honestly if I wasn't
sold on this game already, I am fucking buying this day one now, so, and I think a lot of
folks in chat that were skeptical about the soundtrack have probably, you know, for the
most part been overwhelmingly approved, so we've done a good thing for Activision here,
but still for legal reasons, yeah, we said what we said.
So, let's see, what else, yeah, DJ Dark Knight says don't copy that floppy.
Back to the songs, let's see, Cheeseburger does say sorry but I hate those songs set
for the synth in Satisfaction, which is a part of the original song anyway.
There's, well they have a lot of stuff, like there's some hip hop songs in there that I'm
not going to be too excited to play, but you know, there's a lot of songs like this, like
the Daft Punk stuff, I'm all over the Daft Punk stuff, that's going to be awesome.
And of course we have downloadable stuff on the horizon too, right?
Yeah.
Eventually.
Eventually.
Yeah.
Hopefully so.
Hopefully there's a lot.
This game looks pretty hot.
I'm a little sad I didn't get to play, but even just watching was fun, so there you go.
So, alright.
Well, we do have plenty more going on in the world than just DJ Hero and part of that is
going to the Twitter and reading some of your Twitter topics for tonight.
And there's a lot of DJ Hero talk on our Twitter feed right now, but we do have some questions.
Let's get to some quick Twitter topics tonight.
Ryan Belknap on Twitter at Twitter.com slash O-L-R. Uh oh, I have the hiccups, worst thing
in radio to have.
Excuse me, wants to know, what do you think about all of the games that were pushed back
over the last month?
Will they be worth the wait?
Loki?
There's a lot that I was waiting for to come out that have been pushed back, like Red Dead
to Redemption, which I'm very excited to play because it's Grand Theft Auto in the Wild
West.
And also, I'm trying to think of other stuff I was waiting for that are, I'm kind of glad
a lot of it's been pushed back because I don't have the money to buy all these right now.
Like I'll be picking up Borderlands probably in two weeks, I'll be picking up DJ Hero hopefully
earlier than that.
And I think those two right there are going to pretty much wrap up my year as far as what
I'm buying, you know, Left 4 Dead, well maybe New Super Mario Brothers, I'm on the fence
with that, like probably won't buy it, but you know, at least DJ Hero and Borderlands
are the two that I'm looking forward to right now, but there's a lot of stuff that's coming
out like Dead Rising 2 next year, just a ton of stuff that was coming out this fourth quarter
that's now pushed back.
I'm okay with games getting pushed back because honestly I have barely enough time to play
the games that are out there already, especially when you have a game like Demon's Souls, it's
going to take me 100 hours just to get to level 2.
You know, there's not, my gaming time's kind of spread out, but then again 2010's just
going to look worse.
I was looking forward to Blur, I'm kind of sad that that game got pushed back, but you
know, DJ Hero's going to be really cool and there's still some stuff coming out.
And some of the games I bought already are really taking my time.
So, Gamer Girl on Twitter wants to know, what's anyone's favorite video game soundtrack?
Favorite video game soundtrack?
Beatmania 2DX 5th style is one of my favorites.
I can't really think about the dancing games, the music games, considering.
So I'm going to say that as far as a soundtrack that I can just sit and listen to over and
over again, probably, um, Klonoa.
Hmm.
Okay.
Klonoa or Chrono Trigger.
Good choice.
I would, I'm going to be just total stereotypical and go with the Final Fantasy series.
Just because the Final Fantasy, you know, especially series like Final Fantasy XI,
you know, you do listen to that music so often when you play those games that it has to have
good music, so I would say a game like Final Fantasy XI or probably my favorite soundtrack
in the entire series was VI, Final Fantasy VI.
I'd have to go with VI, although the spin-off soundtracks were pretty good, like, um, Final
Fantasy, Prey, and Celtic Moon.
Both fantastic.
Loki, any favorites for you?
Um, I don't know, like, I'd say maybe DDR 5th or Max 2 would probably be my favorite
soundtracks.
Um, Katamari's pretty good.
I don't know.
Spazinator has two quick topics for us.
Your video game related pet peeves.
Mine would be, um, arcades replacing arcade machines with redemption machines.
That's a pet peeve of mine.
I mean, I understand why it's happening, but it's still a pet peeve.
Mine are programmed in quarter drainers for arcades.
For console, um, it would be, um, oh, you know, I really don't know.
Probably bad voice acting.
Um, my other pet peeve would be Xbox Live Griefers, just the people on there and go,
you know, NNNFFF, you know, you know what I mean.
Fixing stuff that doesn't need to be fixed or just, you know, not adding features that
should be completely simple to add.
For example, Grand Theft Auto 4, um, the multiplayer, you can set your time limits, you know, for
5, 10, 15 minutes, 20 minutes, 30 minutes, and then it jumps to 45 minutes.
If you want to play a 35 minute game, you have to play two games, and it's annoying.
Like in Saints Row, you can play anything from a 1 minute long game to a 60 minute game
and just set it any amount of time in between, and I don't understand why they have to take
that out.
Or, when they updated for Lost and Damned, let's remove the helicopters out of free mode.
Yeah, that's an awesome idea.
Why the hell did you do that?
It's just, there's no point.
Uh, we'll let Spaznator have a second question here on Twitter Topics tonight, because he
managed to fit two questions in 140 characters, so we'll let him do it.
What each console and their respective services can do to improve.
What could each console do to improve?
Anyone want to tackle this first?
What can each console do to improve?
Yeah, what could the Wii do?
What could the 360 do?
What could the PS3 do?
Well, the Wii, first of all, could have online play.
The Xbox 360 can, I don't know, they're pretty damn awesome.
I guess have better filters.
And the PS3 can be a different system.
Loki?
The Wii needs an actual online something, other than just browsing a flash, not even
a flash, like a JavaScript store for games and stuff.
They need something more substantial, like the PlayStation Network and Xbox Live.
PlayStation Network needs more download content on there, as far as game releases and stuff
like that, because Xbox Live has at least one or two new games coming out each week.
You'd be lucky to find that over on the PlayStation Network, and I understand that they have PlayStation
Originals and stuff like that, but come on, a little bit more and more demos for that
kind of stuff.
And then Xbox Live, I would say probably a way to purchase stuff where I don't have to
just buy points in a big lot, like how the PlayStation Network has it, if the purchase
is over $5, I can pay for the exact amount and be done with it, and that'd be nice, instead
of having all these extra points lying around.
I hate doing the point conversion crap.
I definitely have the definitive answers, in my opinion, for these three consoles.
The Wii needs to embrace online, period, Nintendo needs to stop being afraid of online and see
how it can work for them in large doses, but I honestly don't think the Wii can be remedied
in its current state.
I think it is what it is, I think it's been pigeon-holed for what it is, it's not necessarily
a bad thing, it is the number one console in America right now, whether we like it or
not as hardcore gamers, but I would say if they want to woo the hardcore gamers back,
they're going to need to fix some things with Wii HD, which we all know is inevitable.
Question three, I couldn't disagree with Dark Sakura more.
I think they did exactly what they needed to do this year, and that was drop the price
to a reasonable point, and I think they're on a path for success right now.
I think the PS3's been doing a lot right this year.
PSP Go, completely different story.
PS3, I think, is a console I would recommend to friends this Christmas.
The biggest thing they could do now, focus on working, selling those consoles, and getting
more exclusives would be the biggest thing they could do right now.
Yeah, my PS3 is a Blu-ray player.
See now, I can't say that, because especially now that my 360's been broken, I've been able
to value the PlayStation more as-
Now, tell me, when your Xbox 360 is fixed, is that going to change?
Are you going to immediately remember everything that you liked better about the Xbox 360?
It'll be about half and half, because here's my thing for the 360, and yes, there will
be games that I will buy on the PlayStation 3 over the 360, because this 360 lacks hardcore
in this one place, and what the 360 needs to fix, anyone?
The controller sucks on the Xbox 360.
I disagree.
Especially the D-pad.
The D-pad is ass.
The D-pad is horrible.
I disagree.
You can't play retro games.
Oh my, really?
Why?
I've had actually absolutely no problem playing on the Xbox 360.
The controller size, first of all, is more comfortable to the shape of my hands.
Why else do you think that I like the Saturn dual analog controller, even though that one
seemed kind of, you know, on the unwieldy side when you look at it?
It actually, everything, like I was playing through just a number of games and having
a zero problem, like, well, Dan had problems with Mr. Driller, I didn't.
I mean, it may just be I've got, you know, smaller hands than both of you guys, but I
don't really have much of a problem with playing games on the Xbox 360.
I actually hate a lot of the PS3 games just because, I mean, first of all, they'll rely
on different visual effects that the Xbox 360 just doesn't need.
And also, in comparison, there's certain games that are coming out, namely Bayonetta, that
is going to be completely utter crap on PS3 as opposed to Xbox 360, both in terms of graphics,
processor speed, you know, how the game functions on the system.
So honestly, I think that the Xbox 360 controller, to me, is more comfortable in my hands.
That's why I got this on Xbox 360, as in Marvel Ultimate Alliance 2, instead of PlayStation
3, which I've played the first one on both systems, and to this day, the control is infinitely
better on the Xbox 360.
Just playing Mega Man 9 on the 360 controller and playing it on a PS3 controller made me
want to just build my own 360 controller.
I just cannot play some games on the 360.
I'm not hating on Microsoft.
They do a lot right.
I mean, to be fair, if I'm picking on that, there's, I mean, 360's done a lot of brilliant
things this year.
One versus 100 was awesome.
They continue to lead the charge in online gaming, but, you know, if I could fix something,
that would be the first place to start as a new controller.
Well, third parties make other controllers, I think.
Doesn't Hori make one as well, or?
I don't think any of them really just radically change the design, though.
So anyhow.
And Brad, you know, you have a fan in, uh, Brad from Pod Culture.
He says he prefers the 360 controller over the PS3 any day.
Yeah.
How about the noise of the system?
That would be the other thing I'd want to fix, is that when I am trying to watch Netflix
or movies on the 360, it sounds like Mom's running the vacuum cleaner behind me.
I don't notice.
Really?
Well, keep in mind how my setup is.
I have everything together under the, uh, the drawer on there, so really, I don't really
hear it.
The only time that I hear it is when we have the subwoofer off, and the game volume very
low, and my hearing is extra sensitive, or, you know, that type of thing.
Or if, like, someone's turned off the TV and left the system on, or if the game is on pause,
then I hear the system.
But I don't really hear it when I'm playing.
Then again, we've got the surround sound setup and everything, too, so it's hard to hear
yourself breathe.
All right.
One more question here, Surtur from our Twitter wants to know, are PSP mini games too expensive?
Are the regular PSN download games too expensive in comparison to the UMD prices?
Yes and yes.
That's his opinion.
Um, for me, I don't, I can't answer this, and I doubt the others can, too.
I haven't played a PSP mini game yet.
I haven't paid to download one.
I couldn't tell you if they're worth the money or not, so I don't know.
I keep forgetting they exist.
I do think people forget what $5 or $10 is supposed to get you.
And honestly, I think $10 is not that much money for a video game, and, you know, considering
that most games now cost $60 used, I think most of these arcade games, I mean, this goes
for Xbox Live and the minis or what have you, $10 for a game is not unreasonable, especially
if the game's good.
But I don't know.
I haven't played any PSP mini games, so I couldn't tell you.
As far as the regular PSN download games too expensive in comparison to UMD prices, I,
you know what?
I'm all for the PSN download thing for convenience, but I'm also all for competition, and this
is why I do not like the PSP Go, and I don't really care for where it's headed with games.
I don't like the fact that there's only one source to buy the games, and it is, you know,
something I haven't given a lot of thought to until the system was released, but competition
is usually a pretty healthy thing, and, you know, if this digital distribution thing keeps
going and, you know, online is the only place we're able to buy games, that is, through
Sony or through Microsoft in the future, if they do something similar, that's gonna be
a little worrisome, because competition right now is what keeps things awesome.
What's a website like CheapAssGamer gonna do if all the consoles go digital distribution?
There's always gonna be older stuff that's out there, so, and I don't think it's ever
gonna go away completely, because GameStop's not gonna let it go away completely, so, and
despite every nice thing I said about PlayStation 3 earlier, I still think the PSP Go is a big
joke, and if you want to get a PSP, get a PSP 3000, and I would recommend a PSP 3000,
but I would not recommend a PSP Go.
All right, um, that's enough for Twitter topics, we talked a lot about those Twitter topics.
Let's move on with some rapid-fire news tonight on Orange Lawn's radio.
Loki, start us off with some quick news.
Well, I may not support the iPhone, they are getting a lot of games, and one game that
I like that's pretty awesome, Command & Conquer Red Alert will now be coming to the iPhone
this October, and will feature 12 levels in the game, and looks pretty awesome from the
screenshots, so, you know, hey, Red Alert's awesome, so definitely worth checking it out,
and, you know, with the touchscreen and everything, it should be perfect, since this is an RTS.
There is a fan movie released this week, actually kind of a mini Turbo, the movie, kind of showing
what a Street Fighter-esque type game would be played like in the future, and kind of
revolves around, you know, this player who's, you know, almost like a plot to, say, The
Wizard or something like that, you know, he's getting better at this one game in order to
fight somebody in this competition, and it's pretty neat because, I guess, his brother
in the movie or something was like a Tae Kwon Do master or something like that, and so now
he's getting trained from him to fight in this game and stuff, but the movie itself
is available online for free, or you can grab a DVD for it, and it actually, you know, it's
got a pretty decent story to it, and I think 20 minutes or so, so yeah, 23 minutes, so
definitely worth checking it out, and you can check it out at turbothemovie.com, so
that's pretty sweet.
Finally, there is a Resistance 3 billboard that's been spotted, and apparently this is
part of a background for a movie coming out called Battle of Los Angeles, which is due
out in 2011, although it's not really a big surprise that, you know, Resistance would
be, you know, Resistance 3 would be coming out eventually, but it's surprising, I guess,
to see a billboard for it, and apparently I do see something that was blacked out that
looks like a website, so interesting.
Alright, I got some rapid-fire news for you guys tonight, starting off with some Rockband
updates.
Here's some of the tracks coming to Rockband next week, October 13th, if you're on the
360 or the 15th, if you're on the PS3.
There's a Brutal Legend pack making its way out, coming with Motorhead, We Are The Road
Crew 08, Testament, More Than Meets The Eye, and of course Tenacious D with the metal,
since, you know, Jack Black is one of the voices in Brutal Legend.
Some other individual songs coming out for the bands Black Tide, Joe Satriani, Kansas,
L7, and Blink-182 with What's My Age Again.
That was one of the videos you would see on TV all the time.
So I bet L7's is Pretend That We're Dead.
That's already in the game.
And, well, then the other...
Andres is the song that's coming.
So there it is.
In other news, Jordan Mechner has filed a trademark for Prince of Persia, The Forgotten
Sands.
Of course, Jordan Mechner is the creator of the Prince of Persia series, after all.
So that may be something where, I don't know if that's something where the new Prince of
Persia series is headed.
That also might tie in with the movie, too.
That is very true, is that it could be a sequel to the movie that's coming out this year.
I think Sands of Time is what it's based on.
So it sounds like it could be a tie-in movie or maybe the next Prince of Persia game.
You never know.
But just so it's also stated, though, Mechner did once file a trademark called Prince of
Persia Prodigy that was never brought to light, at least as of yet.
So who knows if that will come to light at all.
And one more story for you real quick about the game Rocket Knight.
It's coming back.
Xbox Live, PlayStation Network, and Steam will be seeing this game in 2010.
This is coming from Konami, has made this game.
It's going to be on Xbox Live Arcade and all that good stuff in early 2010.
It is not a remake.
It is a sequel 15 years after the last Rocket Knight.
It looks pretty sweet, too.
Have you seen the screenshots or trailer yet?
I've just seen one screenshot, but I haven't seen the trailer.
It looks neat.
I don't know.
I never played the original.
Did you play it?
No.
Is this something Dark Sakura maybe played at all?
Rocket Knight?
No.
All right.
Well, Climax is developing the game.
They were the folks buying Silent Hill Origins.
So there you go.
Dark Sakura!
Well, for news of Halo 3 ODST, they actually made up...
Sorry, I'm getting dinged.
My apologies.
Actually are getting hit a 27 million game sold, which is pretty good.
So I'm sorry, that's total Halo game sold is up to 27 million.
Actually for ODST, 2.5 million copies have been sold within the last two weeks.
Also there's to be a little bit more for it.
That means that we're going to be potentially seeing Master Chief come out in one of the
future expansions.
And they also know that there were a few cliffhangers that need to be resolved.
But they're saying that they have a plan that's going out at least six years.
And it actually is going to tie in all the canon, including comic books and novels.
That sounds ambitious.
Also for Marvel Ultimate Alliance 2, they're getting Carnage.
And Carnage is, well, as everyone hopes, not just another Spider-Man and not just another
Venom but full on psycho, crazy, honorless, vicious, did I say crazy?
Because I mean crazy.
Carnage is fucking nuts.
So yeah.
Begetting Carnage.
Woot.
And then Activision filed a particular trademark for a particular adaptation of a particular
game to be made into a movie.
And that would be Call of Duty.
So I actually were, some of the people behind it were actually leaving hints about talking
with different directors already.
Cool.
All right.
That would be it for my quickie stuff.
That would be interesting for a Call of Duty movie, but I suppose it's inevitable because
the series is huge.
I think Call of Duty would make a great movie.
At least with Call of Duty, there is an actual storyline that goes along with it.
It's not like, you know, okay, let's make a war movie and call it Call of Duty.
I still wouldn't see it.
I'm not a big fan of war movies.
Exactly.
I like chick flicks.
All right.
Call of Duty, the chick flick?
No, they don't need to do Call of Duty, the chick flick.
That would be pretty funny.
You know, Final Fantasy is kind of a chick flick in some ways, especially emo ones like
Final Fantasy 7.
If they turn Final Fantasy 7 into a movie, that's kind of a chick flick.
A little bit.
They have, it's, you know, Advent Children wasn't so much a chick flick as it was just
confusing.
It was nonstop.
Action is what it was.
It doesn't need a plot.
It's just ass kickery.
In your face, ass kicking action.
Cloud is emo.
Vincent is dark.
Cloud is emo.
Vincent is dark.
Look.
Three sephiroths.
Three sephirbrats.
All right.
The end.
Exactly.
P.S.
Aerith is dead.
P.S.
Laura Klaw says I like the Twilight movies.
Wrong.
Ew.
Ew.
Ew.
Sparkly vampires for the lose.
No, no.
I'm not a fan of the Twilight movies.
I tried.
Did I tell you I sat down and tried to read the first book?
And I wanted to.
Did you notice it?
I'm glad it wasn't my book because it probably would have been the first book I ever burned.
I've never read the book, but my wife asks, and she's, you know, show me parts.
She's like, look at this.
It's like they don't have an editor for this book.
so many grammar and spelling and it just doesn't make any sense.
Back to video games.
Sorry.
Just proving how crappy it is.
Something not crappy though would be TrackMania.
And Ubisoft has acquired the developer of TrackMania, Nadeo, and apparently they're
doing it to build some online cred.
And I hope this means that we do get a console version of TrackMania 2 because it looks absolutely
awesome.
It's supposed to start racing with kind of the Forza 3 graphics, so hey, that's not a
bad combo whatsoever.
And they say, through Nadeo, Ubisoft will gain an expert team, one of the best online
technologies around, as well as a flagship multiplayer game that enjoys an unrivaled
reputation among the loyal and committed community.
And yeah, so awesome.
It doesn't look like they're going to be canceling any TrackMania games, and hopefully we'll
see this come to consoles.
That's what I'm really hoping for, because the DS version was awesome, but not as good
as a console release.
All right.
Well moving on to Facebook and Twitter on the Xbox 360.
This is something a lot of folks have been looking forward to.
Of course, Last.fm would be a part of this as well, but speaking specifically of Facebook
and Twitter, there was a splash page spotted on Xbox Live's UK portal saying that the service
is going to launch November 17th.
Now of course, again, this was on the UK portal, but if I'm not mistaken, don't you get these
updates worldwide?
So if they get on the 17th, we would too?
Pretty much, yeah.
It'd be relatively close.
Yeah.
So that's what they're saying.
This was spotted in a screenshot on the flash page, if you zoom in a lot there.
And it is just assumed, even though Last.fm isn't featured on there, that this update
is going to include that as well.
So there was a little firmware update that went out not that long ago, kind of prepping
the Xbox 360 for this.
So this is going to be on its way, and that's assumed in November.
I guess there's also going to be a beta test I was reading somewhere at the end of October
for these services, but I'm kind of eh on these.
I think the one cool thing would be maybe like taking screenshots and publishing them
to Facebook.
That'd be cool.
But I don't see this being something I would want to use.
And what I really don't want to happen is I don't want it to turn into, with all due
respect to the people that made it, Raptor.
Like I don't want my Xbox 360 tweeting every time I put in a new game.
Because I know that's just going to irritate people.
And part of the reason I'm really starting to hate Twitter is that there's no filters.
Like Facebook is basically Twitter, but with filters.
But you can also use TweetDeck.
But even with TweetDeck, you can filter a certain person's tweets, which I do use.
But you can't filter the type.
If a person just posts annoying things over and over, I just unfollow them.
Exactly.
Like, I'm sorry, but it's just Twitter.
Like if you're going to get butthurt over me unfollowing you, get something real to
worry about, like Darfur or something.
I don't know.
But don't worry about me unfriending you on Twitter.
It just means you post a lot of crap.
So unfortunately, Twitter not having filters makes it really inferior to Facebook.
And hopefully there'll be a magic button where I can just block all the 360 updates from
Facebook if they're annoying.
But if they aren't, then maybe I'll keep it around.
We'll see.
So Last.fm on the other hand sounds very cool, because I'm already using Last.fm.
I have like 3,000 plays chalked up on there.
And God, some people have way more than that.
And I think Last.fm has a really good recommendation service.
I prefer it to Pandora.
I know a lot of people disagree with me and think Pandora is God.
But I like that Last.fm kind of bases its recommendations off of what you already play.
I use Last.fm at work sometimes.
Pandora is really useless to me.
Why is it blocked or something?
On my phone.
Oh.
They do have a Pandora app on the phone.
I know, but it's useless to me on my phone.
And I prefer using Last.fm, because if I want to listen to the stuff that I've been listening
to at home, then I may not have moved on to my iPhone then.
And of course, they have an Enflow station.
So I think Last.fm is pretty cool.
I'm excited to see how it works on Xbox.
I hope I can use it for background music.
We'll see.
But anyhow, that is all coming soon for Xbox Live Gold members getting a sneak peek.
But it sounds like everybody will get to access it on November 17th in the UK.
I'm sure the rest of us, hopefully, around the same time.
SHJ100Matt says in our chat room, chat.orangehonestrader.com, I really hope this doesn't open my gamertag
to the cam whores and porn spammers.
Oh, I hope so too.
But seeing as you have to follow them in order to see the messages on Twitter, hopefully,
you know.
And SalaciousPopInChat, I like this comment, LOL, it's not like LiveJournal where it's
a grievous offense to de-friend someone.
I totally agree because I totally get butthurt when people de-friend me on LiveJournal.
It's like, what did I do?
I'm doing it right now, Rob.
No, don't cry.
No, I do get butthurt when people un-friend me on LiveJournal.
But I put a lot more of myself out there on LiveJournal.
Twitter, I agree, is bullshit.
Facebook, I always kind of wonder why someone would de-friend me on Facebook because it's
just Facebook.
But LiveJournal, I actually kind of get butthurt because I have a friends-only journal.
And so if I let someone in to read it all and then they just leave, I'm kind of sad.
So I like to know why or, you know, I'm a big boy.
Tell me if you're unfollowing me.
You post too many, you know, memes or you post too many advertisements for your LiveJournal
games.
Please tell me.
Rob, I am so tired of that survivor thing.
Which by the way, I'm hosting season 18 and we're looking for players.
I think it's silly that there are 18 seasons.
I, well, there's 20 of the real things, so believe it.
All right, anyhow.
I'm sad that it caught up that fast.
It's just, it's no worse than role-play gaming online.
That's what it is.
It's role-play gaming.
All right, anyway.
Ray Ayanami in chat asked, what the hell is FarmVille or Mafia Wars?
Well, obviously he has- Boring crap!
I will say this though, Bejeweled Blitz got a makeover this week and it's awesome.
Oh yeah, my wife's been playing that non-stop.
It's awesome!
They totally revamped the game and made it more awesomer.
Well, Facebook finally did something right, speaking of their little games, that if I
don't give a shit about what game you're playing, and by the way, Loki, your wife just posted
weird pictures of herself.
Wait a minute, did she- Yes, she did.
Yes, yes.
She, she, I was trying to post my live journal post of my finishing the cabinet and she was
sitting next to me because I had my camera there that I had just taken pictures with,
taking weird pictures of herself and standing there and going, hey, look at this.
Hey, look at this.
Hey, look at this.
Then she started taking pictures of me too and it was annoying, so.
I'm like, knock it off.
Okay, what's more annoying, wife taking pictures of you or Farmville?
Farmville.
Farmville.
But actually, someone pointed out to me that you can hide those little app announcements
when people announce this shit.
Oh yeah, you didn't know that.
Well, I didn't think about it, but the ones that were getting me is when you have like
up in your little top hand corner, the so-and-so sent you a big pile of poopy from Sorority
Life.
Yes.
And I found, and the thing is, is that I've gone into my settings and blocked the application
and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
I have a real life, you know, and it still gives me those little invite things whenever
people send me the shit I don't care about.
So I found that you can go into the little thing there and then block the app from there.
I actually do think I did send you a big pile of poop in Sorority Life the other day.
So I'm surprised you're not using that too.
Speaking of which, oh, I was going to say.
I dropped that Sorority Life thing so fast.
I did too, finally.
I'm done with Sorority Life.
My wife is online, probably playing Bejeweled Blitz.
Good for her.
And not listening to this show, because it's just games, games, games.
Exactly.
All right, moving on with more news, Dark Sakura.
I don't want to.
You have to.
That's what we do here on the show.
Okay.
Apparently, Sony and Microsoft don't understand MMOs on a console.
This actually was said in an interview from one of the people behind Star Trek Online
that the reason the MMO is delayed is because of the business side of things.
He says the game runs.
The game is there.
It runs all of their games.
You know, like Champions Online, it runs almost, you know, pretty much all of their MMOs run
on the console.
It's just that they're trying to get Sony and Microsoft to understand how an MMO works
and what helps it make its money.
They said that the only ones to come close is maybe Final Fantasy XI and that they had
to make a lot of exceptions.
So Microsoft would, could establish a market share.
I just, I'm like, you know, if you haven't, if, if you are a newbie to the world of MMOs,
why don't you let the people who have done them before help you with your business model?
Hey, it's worked for this.
Why don't you do it this way?
It's just, to me, I don't really see any reason why it can't be run like it is on the
PC.
You know, you buy your game, you pay your subscription fee.
What's the big deal?
Well, you know, there have been some MMOs on consoles, but you know, they also, like
all the good ones I can think of were also on PC, like Final Fantasy XI, which might
be the only console MMO.
You said that's good?
Well, you know, for its time, yes.
Although Final Fantasy XIV, I'm all about that.
Yes siree.
I just still remember the day that you came over here to help me set up some of my stuff
on Final Fantasy XI, and I was doing everything on a controller, done all my macros and everything,
and you looked at me going, how the fuck are you doing that?
I couldn't play that game with a controller.
I realized it was made for the PS2, but I could not play that game with a controller.
Unpossible.
No, no.
I was playing on the PC.
I know.
I know you were.
I know you were.
Because I've been playing PSO.
And I thought you were a crackhead.
But hey, I made that shit work.
For the week you played, yes.
No.
That was when I was playing for a few months.
I remember once we were in a party in the Valcrum Dunes, and you were, heal please.
I was saying that to you.
Heal please.
And I was like, shut up please.
But it really wasn't until I got to World of Warcraft that I had to actually learn how
to play with a keyboard.
Which sucks.
I think MMOs are certainly possible on consoles.
Like a console exclusive MMO, and I kind of wish they'd go for it.
I think a game like Demon's Souls shows it's possible, even though that's not really an
MMO.
It is still a massively kind of multiplayer environment, it's just that the game doesn't
revolve around the multiplayer.
Well, I still, by the way, I'm gonna say to this day that I still wish that World of Warcraft
had controller support, and that I'm looking for two months of play, please.
Beg, beg, grovel, grovel.
Not really.
Then my paycheck situation fixes up.
I dinged level 45 paladin today.
Yay!
You know what level my character got to?
Seven.
Yes, exactly.
I know, you mentioned it two weeks ago.
I know.
And I haven't played in that long.
Alright, anyhow, Loki.
I haven't played any.
You've never played World of Warcraft, huh?
No.
You sunk like three years, well you suck for one, but you sunk like three years of
your life into Final Fantasy XI, and somehow never got sucked into World of Warcraft.
It's amazing to me.
This is what happens when Rob has a third a glass of wine.
Apparently.
Final Fantasy XIV, though, I...
Well, it won't be okay to drive home.
Final Fantasy XIV, though, I don't know.
I can't make any promises.
Final Fantasy XIV looks so sexy.
I'm like, no, you can't do this now!
I have a life, I've already moved on.
If anything's going to cause a divorce, it's going to be Final Fantasy XIV.
Alright.
Anyhow.
Alright, you better hope it has Bejeweled in it.
For your wife.
Well, hey, Bejeweled.
I showed her the Bejeweled Square Enix game, you remember that?
Oh, yeah.
But it's Bejeweled Twist, she doesn't like Bejeweled Twist.
She's like, ah, I know.
Whatever.
Um, so, Fifth Cell.
They're looking to move on to some other platforms other than the Wii and DS.
Their next game, which is pretty big, they say, and unannounced, will be for Xbox Live
Arcade.
And they go on saying, no, we're doing an Xbox Live Arcade title next, it's going to
be pretty big.
Wow, that's pretty generic.
It's going to be really cool, we're very excited about it, and it's totally not ready to be
announced.
It's far away.
I'm going to take a wild guess and say that it's probably going to look very similar to
Draw on the Life and Scribblenauts, since both their games are very similar looking.
I'm glad they're not doing the cheap Scribblenauts 2.
In fact, I hope they never make a sequel to Scribblenauts.
I would like to see more games that they just don't make sequels to.
I know that sounds cruel, but, you know, sometimes these series get dug into the ground, you
know?
Like the Guardian Legend.
No!
That must have a sequel.
That's one of those games where it's like, okay, 25 years later, we need a sequel to
that.
Or at least a remake.
I mean, come on.
A reimagining.
How about a reimagining?
I don't like the word remake as much as I do reimagining, because usually the reimagined
games are better, so.
Like the Silent Hill game on the Wii, which, that's out very soon, right?
On November.
Damn, they're going to miss Halloween?
Stupids?
Yeah, I got delayed.
Stupids?
Also stupid, in my opinion.
Rock Band is on its way to the iPhone, and I don't get it.
Like I do and I don't.
It's like the PSP version.
I under- well, no.
Bite your tongue.
The PSP version is amplitude or frequency.
It is awesome.
The iPhone version is just tap tap tap tap tap tap tap on your little screen.
It's like Tap Tap Revenge, which is funny for the first few songs you play, but then
kind of loses its point.
I like Tap Tap Revenge because there were some good songs in it that I could play.
That was it.
But like Rock Band on the iPhone, okay, look, here it is.
Before I give you my opinion, I should give you some of the facts.
There is going to be a four-way multiplayer mode.
It's all done over Bluetooth, and then you're going to have 20 games, which apparently are
all in the actual game.
And of course, since the iPhone will allow you to do microtransactions now, you can bet
there's going to be downloadable songs in the future that you will be able to buy these
song packs from EA Mobile.
So basically, this is just Rock Band on your phone, and you can play drums with your fingers.
And in my opinion, it's a little ridiculous, because you know what?
They're going to charge kind of, you know, a high price for this.
And there's some folks in chat that disagree with me.
Tap Tap is rads.
There's a couple people there, so.
You know what?
I probably won't ever get it because I'm still playing pickle.
You know what I find?
I've bought a lot of iPhone games that I just don't play.
And maybe it goes back to that whole handheld gaming thing that I don't really care for
handheld games usually.
I don't really play them a lot.
But I find that when I'm on my iPhone and I'm bored, I'm on Safari or Wikipedia or something.
I'm never on the games, hardly ever.
Here's what I have on mine, just for games left on here right now, is Peggle Cooking
Mama Vi, which was the Sega CD RPG.
I have the IMT Pain app.
Let me tell you what I have.
Click on Word of Day.
That's fun.
I have quite a few.
DDRS, Tap Tap Revenge 2, Word Fu, Labyrinth, Wild West, Silent Hill the Escape, Aurora
Faint the Arena, Pinball Dreams, Peggle, Columns Deluxe, Infinity Gene Space Invaders, Civilization
Revolution, and Luminous Light, which if you listen to the mini show from last week, is
the most horrible adaptation of Luminous.
It's an aberration of a Luminous game.
I've also had a Light Cycle game, remember, I had my Light Cycle game for a while, and
I did get Katamari, which I just didn't think was as much fun as I'd hoped it would have
been on the iPhone.
And I had Pole Position Remix, which was pretty fun, but mostly, you know, what I've been
playing on here.
I tried Pac-Man when I didn't think it was fun.
I just think the touch controls kind of suck.
Like I'm just kind of done with it.
Except for Peggle.
Yeah, they make it work for Peggle.
I will give you that.
It's actually a lot of fun to play Peggle on the iPhone.
That would be like the first game I would ever play.
Oh yeah, I have my Solid Tear game.
I had a good Sudoku game, too.
Well, anyhow, Rock Band's coming to the iPhone, and I don't care.
But maybe you do.
I'm sure there will be plenty of folks that download this, they're not gonna have a problem
selling this, but there you go.
Anyhow, let's get into the part of the show that is all about you guys, and the emails
that you send us every week to Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
It's our Orange Lounge Radio Mailbag segment.
I know, I'm excited, too.
Dark Soccer's gonna jump in head first in the email bag, and pull out some emails to
read.
I doubt it's very full this week, as we didn't have a show last week, really.
Well, we had a pre-taped show.
We had a number.
A tiny show.
Anyway, this comes from Slapshot, I'm gonna guess.
Hey guys, I know you probably won't read this on this show because of the content, but I
have a question about trying out, quote, Sims 3.
Everything has installed fine, and I'm using Magic Disc for my ISO.
I see.
Yeah, I'm gonna go ahead and do it online, I don't care.
After Sims 3 loads up, it gives me the error saying I don't have a disc in my drive.
Any suggestions?
Thanks a lot.
I have a suggestion.
Buy the game.
Buy the game.
That'll fix it.
Having a physical disc would probably be advisable.
I don't mean to give you shit, but when you decide to pirate games, getting low quality
and crap like this happening to you is exactly what you sign up for.
So like, if this were fmylife.com, I'd be clicking you deserved it right now.
So sorry I don't have any real advice for you, but you know what, here comes a point
where we have to say, enough piracy is enough, and do it just buy the game.
I'm sorry, I was actually suddenly looking at the back of the box.
Yeah, because my Sims 3 box is like sitting here on my desk because I keep the game in
my damn drive and take it out to burn DVDs, so.
Who else has seen the back of your box?
Look, oooh, Rob, it's my box, it's green.
Look, my box has a car.
I need to see a doctor.
Next email, quick.
Give me a doctor!
No, okay.
Um, this is from our buddy Rob-ba-ba.
Although this is not podcast material, I just wanted to share about my first trip to Disneyland.
Oh, it's podcast material.
I can see why you guys love it so much.
The Nightmare Before Christmas Haunted Mansion was amazing and worth a trip alone.
I also noticed that your Pirates of the Caribbean ride has the same basic components, but it
is just plain better.
Well, that's because we have two drops on ours.
You know, the one over in Florida has one drop.
Sorry, we just had a feed drop in our stage, so I was talking to the chatters.
What is this about?
I'm sorry.
Um, it's Disneyland.
Oh, yay!
Rob-ba-ba.
That's right, he went.
He went the one week I didn't go, because I went and then I stayed here a week and then
I went again, and he was there the week I was home.
Well, going forward, I love California Adventure too, so I looked it up on Google Maps and
saw something cool in the lagoon, which still had water in the picture.
There appears to be an earthquake happening based on the interference pattern on the surface.
A normal lagoon of that size would normally have small irregular waves, not evenly spaced
in consistent wave patterns, except that they, um, the lagoon water is filtered and runs
through cyclically, so, well, it did, when they had one, so, because I've actually got
to peek in the lagoon now that it's, um, dumped out and they're redoing shit, so, but yeah.
Actually I love looking at, just look at Disneyland over on Google Maps, that's pretty cool.
It's kind of fun to go on a virtual tour of Disneyland.
I love Google Maps just to go on virtual tours of just about anything, but I'm really glad
to hear Rob-ba-ba had fun at Disneyland, because it is a fun place.
I'm hoping to go one more time before my season pass expires.
And this is, now I keep forgetting if we said it was Shook, I think you said Shook.
I think it is Shook.
Okay.
Hello, OLR.
First off, I'd like to say that my fight with my father is over.
Yay!
Wait, I thought it was resolved in a previous episode of OLR.
Alright, whatever.
His dad took the game away, remember?
Yeah, but I thought they made up.
Alright, anyway.
I talked to him quoting you guys, I hope he didn't quote the kind of rude stuff that we
said, because, anyway.
But he seemed understanding for once.
He tried playing Final Fantasy X, and he actually seemed to love it, most notably the metal
music.
Now, on to the main story.
I was in gym class playing American football when an idiot in my class fouls the ball.
He runs over to the ball and starts teabagging the ball.
Let that sink in.
I swear to God we read this email the week you weren't here.
Did you?
But I'm looking at the date that email was received, and it was Friday, I wonder if dude
sent the email twice.
Oh, well, if you already read it, then.
Go ahead and finish.
Is it about the lewd sexual behavior?
Yeah, you weren't here.
Go ahead.
You can put your opinion on it.
No, no, if you already read it, then.
I could be wrong.
I don't know.
Chatters, does this email sound familiar?
That's why I said I could swear we had a resolution on the, um, but maybe he re-sent it, because
the podcast feed hasn't gotten updated in a while, so maybe he didn't hear it.
Alright, well, the coach grabs him by the neck, drags him inside, screaming, you little
son of a bitch.
If idiot was suspended for lewd sexual behavior, it just goes to show how far gaming has taken
us in society.
Is it true- it truly is the shit like this that gives us good gamers a bad stereotyped
name.
Was it re- what really pisses me the hell off slash rant.
You're truly shook.
Uh, PS, a few weeks ago, Juan ranted about old people not wearing bras.
He was right.
A little bag of an English teacher let out a knit- a knit slip in front of everyone.
Gag.
Ew!
You've got a fucked up school, dude.
Your English teachers are showing their ta-tas and your gym teachers are throwing people
against the wall, calling them sons of bitches, like, seriously?
Go to private school?
Well, first of all, the behavior was- Tell your dad we said that, too.
The behavior of the, uh, idiot playing football was indeed unnecessary and deserved punishment,
but- Has nothing to do with games.
Yeah, that has nothing to do with games.
The coach, however, seriously, uh, needed to, uh, also be suspended at least for a game
or have, uh, you know, some sort of probationary measure taken.
And then, um, your English teacher does need to wear a better bra.
This sounds like the high school in Glee, like, only, like, random shit happens.
What- You've got an interesting life- None of that ever happened at- at mine except
for one teacher accidentally, um, ripping his, um, pants in, um, I always tell his underwear
but still.
Shook, I hope you're writing all this down so that you can write an epic autobiography
someday.
A memoir, if you will.
Dude, sell it to a reality show or something.
Of course, you know I won't watch it.
Um.
You're so kind.
I don't watch, like, a reality show, sorry, you know.
Um, okay, this next one comes from, uh, SonicM88.
Hello, O.L.R.!
Hi.
Bling, bling.
I was just responding.
I miss you guys a ton.
I haven't- Wow, a ton, that's two thousand pounds.
I haven't been able to listen to you guys for ever- several months for complicated reasons
but I needed to let you guys know something.
Rob, I remember way back in an old podcast you used to talk about how much you loved
Alanis Morissette in Rock Band 2.
Well, as I'm sure you know, two additional Alanis Morissette songs came as downloadable
content.
What?
Really?
I was probably just as stoked as you were to hear that they were coming out-
You lie!
So I bought them as soon as I could and for you I decided to get first place on both of
them, Ironic and Head Over Feet, on vocals.
Wait a minute, wait a minute, hold on, Loki, Alanis' tracks came out on Rock Band?
I miss this.
There may have been some.
You know what, we didn't cover Rock Band releases last week because we didn't have
a show.
Yeah.
Maybe it did happen.
Chatters?
Did I really miss that?
Can I continue?
Yeah.
Figure is the one week that you don't do it.
I know, right?
As of this posting I'm still first on Xbox 360 leaderboards, gamertag LucasPones8907.
He sends a follow up email though.
It seems someone's taken my first place on Head Over Feet but I'm working hard for first
again for you, Rob.
I'm still first on Ironic though but maybe I shouldn't say that or I'll jinx my score
again.
Dude, I'll play expert with you or something and we'll take over the leaderboards.
I did not know that was- now I gotta get my Xbox 360 back.
There you go, you asked earlier what it would take to get my 360 back.
What's gonna light the fire under Rob's ass?
Alanis and Rock Band, there you go.
Hey, you know what lit the fire under your ass for PS3?
Abba!
Oh yeah, SingStar Abba, yeah, that was a big seller too.
Which I still play.
You need to play some Beatles Rock Band with me.
I did pretty damn good, okay?
I blame you now for me playing Beatles Rock Band.
So there is-
Getting me up there making me sing.
There is much more to the cast of Orange Lounge Radio than just video games and I will say,
I am not ashamed to admit I'm a huge Alanis Morissette fan and that was my musical muse
in high school, like for real.
Did you actually watch the video that I posted on Facebook a while back which was the metaphor
free radio thing from College Humor?
Was that the-
The guy sitting in the car?
Turn around?
No, I didn't see that one.
No.
I saw the total eclipse of the heart little video.
It was basically a guy listening to his radio says, and now on Sublight Radio we have metaphor
free radio and then it was all these songs doing like literally what the songs mean and
the Alanis part was, I hate you Dave Coulier.
Shut the front door, Tiger Claw just linked me to rockband.com.
Sure enough, this happened on October 2nd, this would have been the week we weren't here.
This was last week.
That's just what goes to show if we miss a session.
Electric Six and Flowbots.
Oh my God, Gaybar by Electric Six is in rockband.
That song is awesome.
Sweet.
You, I want to take you to a gaybar.
That song is rad.
Dude, we missed an awesome week.
Do you have that on your computer, Rob?
I do, but iTunes will slow things down significantly, however, this is why we have such wonderful
things like YouTube so that when you're in the middle of a radio show, you can actually
just pull it up and you can actually get the song.
Why is War censored on YouTube?
Is that because it's Abraham Lincoln wearing no pants and you can't say more?
On a spin bike at that.
Tell me you do not want to play this in rockband right the fuck now.
Seriously.
After the show, YouTube that immediately, it's hilarity.
It really is.
That song is awesome.
Anyhow, thank you, emailer, for alerting us to such awesomeness in rockband that we missed
the week of...
Ironically enough...
Rob is throwing up the horns, but he's doing it wrong.
Ironically enough, the week of gay days at Disneyland.
Rob is throwing up the horns the wrong way, because really, that's too much metal for
one hand.
Too much metal at the gay bar.
All right, anyhow, let's move on to the FUs of the week, which I sadly don't really have
a story to inspire tonight.
So we're just going to get into the FUs of the week.
I thought there was something in our show about a lawsuit, but I guess maybe it was
something I cut out accidentally, whatever.
It's one of those nights tonight.
I've been drinking wine, and now I have gay bar on repeat in my head, and now Loki's singing
it over there.
I just said one line.
All right, anyhow.
Here come the FUs of the week.
A chance for a little angst in your life.
Oh, this is bad.
Here is justice.
Here is punishment.
Here...
This is fucked up.
Um, FU to EDD and other disability things for the lovely gap in my paycheck, which has
not been fun because, you know, I like to have money with which to pay my bills.
I really like being able to pay my bills because, you know, it means that I can eat and have
a place to live without, you know, feeling completely guilty for, you know, taking advantage
of my friend's generosity, and, you know, and there's also this, you know, wonderful
concept, Rob, of power and internet.
I love them.
Love them both.
I would seriously go without eating before I didn't pay the internet bill.
Honestly, I realize my priorities are fucked, but...
I'll put it this way.
I found food in my fridge that I didn't even know existed, and then once we got a little
bit of a break thanks to me getting some massage work in, thanks to having a very good generous
friend and, uh, thanks to a little bit of a break on our rent, so we actually were able
to go get groceries and get some of our bills paid.
I might take you out for a massage, by the way.
I can use one if you're still giving them out.
Fifty bucks?
I might actually go for it.
For an hour?
For an hour.
Hmm.
I might do it.
I might have friends that are interested too if you really want.
As long as they won't report me for not having my business license.
Oh.
Well, I don't know about that, but, you know, I can't do T.A. there.
No.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Yeah, but I'll charge for that.
Wink.
Wink.
Okay.
Wink.
Wink.
Wink.
Wink.
Wink.
IGH.
// Humane
F.e. to the guy.
It's actually kind of my fault.
F.e. to me, answering the door to my house because every time I do, it's always somebody
is trying to sell me something and, for some reason, I end up getting roped into buying
something.
It was actually a guy coming up to quote us for a new roof
Which is fine cuz we needed that and I wanted to quote for a new roof
But he sat there and talked to us for two hours, and that was just unacceptable
I just wanted him to give me a damn price because I knew it was gonna be expensive anyways
But he sat there and talked about how his roofing system is the most
Awesome thing in the world, and I really don't give a crap because I was in the middle of soldering for my new cabinet
And you don't interrupt that
Um f you to something I didn't bring up earlier in the show
But f you to the fact that my world of warcraft account got hacked this week while I was on vacation
I got a call Monday morning for my buddy Shane who said that all my characters were logging in and out of Ravencrest
And I said boy, that's really funny because I'm not playing the game right now in fact
I'm in Los Angeles turns out my password was stolen and my account was hacked
Which makes me feel very vulnerable because if they have my wow password what else do they have now granted?
I removed an authenticator from my account which yes, you might think is stupid
But the keychain broke so I was gonna lose that authenticator if I didn't remove my account
So they could've stolen my password from my ex-boyfriend's computer, or maybe his was insecure
I don't know
But all I know is that it makes me very nervous to know that I have passwords stolen
So I had to go change all of my passwords and everything to Blizzard's credit very nice customer service even though
It took me forever to get through like they had a 30-minute hold time Monday morning
And I even called like right before close, and I still had to wait 18 minutes before I got a representative
But to be fair she was very nice did everything she was supposed to do I trained customer service for call centers
I'm always very
Scrutinizing those people she was a very good rep and I got an email from a lady that was very nice at Blizzard too
The GM's fixed my stuff
It's probably the whole thing took about three to four days, but fuck you to people who steal passwords, and I've decided
I'm completely against people buying gold and wow at this point
You know why because you only encourage these assholes to do what they do so if you buy wow and or if you buy gold and
Wow fuck you
There you go
X link in chat says wow rape damn. Yes. I feel like I was raped in the face by a
Warcraft hacker Lumi's in chat says Rob. I had to wait an hour and a half on Friday morning
I should get everything restored in two to four days well sadly
I guess it wasn't just I mean I'm glad to hear it wasn't just me, but at the same time that really sucks
Yeah, it takes a couple days to get everything restored see now the good news was I
Wasn't really playing on that server
I was playing on a different server
But right around the same time my wow account got hacked and I got home was when I was really getting into demon souls
so I wasn't really missing Wow anyway, but
It still sucks
bar
by the way
The story I was going to read to lead into the F use tonight for some reason I forgot to link it
There was a dude that got
Banned from the Sony PlayStation Network, and he was gonna file a lawsuit
Or he did file a lawsuit saying that his first amendment rights were breached
Well, and what's wrong with this picture? Can your first amendment rights really be breached when you're banned from the PlayStation Network?
No, cuz bright PlayStation Network is a private network
And that's exactly what a judge Ronald M
White said in a federal court in the Northern District of California earlier this week is that there was no plausible first of amendment cause and
Throughout the lawsuit but interesting from some of the commenters here on Kotaku where I saw this story
I thought a really good point that was brought up by one of the commenters is that but when you buy stuff on PlayStation Network
It's tied to your login name
So if you suddenly get banned from Wow, not only do you use your act lose your access you lose everything you bought
That is kind of messed up in a way. Although granted. I mean if you did something really bad
Maybe you had it coming. It's also in the terms of service and you have to read that but that is that shady
That's a little shady throw all this money
It's an incentive for him not to be a douchebag now what is kind of messed up and yeah
You may not understand you realize it like for example the PlayStation Network forums, you know where it's tied to your account
you get banned from the forums you get banned from PlayStation Network, which is kind of shady because you know
You may not realize that but once again read your terms of service Wow and don't be a douchebag
Yeah, I mean I agree with don't be a douchebag and maybe he had it coming in a way
But at the same time like what if a mistake happens because you know, like I you know
I'm comparing apples to oranges here
But on the Xbox side of things if you get banned
There's no way to contest it which I think it's kind of fucked up
Like I think there should be a way you can contest it especially if it's like not you
I mean you are responsible for your account that it added up but after getting hacked in Wow and
Seriously, I'm not an idiot on the computer. Okay, like I know what sites I'm logging into
I'm not you know, I'd like to think I'm not an idiot
so I'm kind of shocked that this happened to me and that was really alarming because I
Don't do stupid things on my computer. Like I don't download programs and run them. You know what I mean?
Like it's kind of scary. So I heard it might have been an exploit in flash that got me but still
terrible
Terrible terrible. All right, just a couple more stories for you guys and then your calls Loki
yes, so EA has trademarked a new game called the Ripper and
what it's believed to be is actually a game based on Jack the Ripper and
apparently I
I guess this is a kinder gentler Jack the Ripper and not really he's killing people friendship friendship
He's still killing people. But these people aren't really people. They're demons. So he's killing demons and
Want to say I saw a law and order or no, not law and order. This is very similar to uh, god damn it
there is a a
Movie that was out there. I
I
Can't remember it now. Anyways, this is similar to movie, you know where you're killing demons with its people and stuff like that
So yeah, think of like I guess a dead space game where you're Jack the Ripper ripping people apart
But they're really demons so you shouldn't feel so bad about it
Praise Jack the Ripper
Interesting, I guess and it's believed that this is
Visceral's games new action title
All
Right, I
Guess I'll have to wait to see this game in motion there. It could be interesting
I mean, I like the survival horror type games
Although I have yet to check out saw but I'm kind of on the fence like, you know
I'm not gonna get into it again
But you know how I feel about the saw movies and that is I hate them
But I am kind of curious about the game because the game's demo looked interesting at e3
I'm surprised you haven't played it Loki seem like type of thing. You would have got all the time
I'm playing DJ hero. Gotcha. All right. Anyhow, one more story for you guys
Then we're gonna open up the skype line at one eight seven seven game
Olr or our username on skype orange lounge radio hoping to hear from some new people tonight
Because now we have some new people listening. So one eight seven seven game
Olr username on skype is orange launch radio. We have one more story for you guys involving one of my favorite games
In fact, probably my favorite game ever on the Commodore 64 at least I can think of right now
Our con remember our con it was like battle chess but cooler because it wasn't actually chess
But it was dark versus light and you were trying to take over these power squares
but when you would when two pieces would come together like the shape-shifter and the Phoenix or the
Banshee and the Valkyrie they would do battle in this arena and you would have basically have to kill one other piece
So it wasn't like chess where whoever was the attacker was always the victor two pieces would fight
Well, the game came on the iPhone not that long ago
There was a version of it released for iPhone, which I forgot about that might be a game
I need to pick up even though I just talked about how I don't play games on iPhone, but I love our con
Well, apparently the game was so successful. Guess what our con is coming back to the PC. That's right
Information coming from Chad Lee the owner and developer of react games in bringing our con back to the PC
We've really focused on maintaining the classic feel of the original game
That said there were aspects of the title that needed updating for the modern audience
For example, the addition of four players was never in the original but it adds so much fun
It feels like it always belonged there. So yes, there are achievements and HD resolution online support
It's all gonna be there and apparently there's gonna be a new our con based iPhone game as well
It's gonna be a single-player experience with four campaigns at 60 quests unique enemies and characters
It's all gonna use ng moko's plus
technology awards and a leaderboard and all that fun stuff
our con conquest submitted to the App Store earlier this month should be out any time now and the first our con game just you
Know was a remake of the first game. So that's very exciting
Because I love our con. I'm a little iffy on this whole like four player modernized thing, but you know what?
I'll still try it out. So hopefully it's cool kind of a bummer
There's no console release, but at least hey anybody can put anything out on PC, right?
anybody
Anybody else a fan of our con just me just me. Okay. All right. I like battle chess
Yeah, I never played the game. Did you ever play battle chess to know there was battle chess to Chinese chess
And it was a totally I mean because obviously it was based off a Chinese chess totally different
But I actually did play that when I was a kid tried to learn how to play Chinese chess. It's hard. It's not
Chinese checkers Chinese chess totally different. Anyhow
One eight seven seven game. Ol our username on skype is orange lounge radio
It's that time of the show where we're gonna take your calls
So give us a call and comment on anything you've heard about tonight or any topic
We haven't discussed that you'd like us to get into before we get into that
And before the calls start rolling in since there is a little delay before the calls
Hit our line when you guys hear it Loki any last-minute stories
Yeah, the odd world games are coming to the PlayStation Network and
Apparently tells that were exclusive before
Also now coming to the PC. They have a new pack that they're basically release them under I guess the
What was it the?
Original no
The odd box that's what it was including looks like a
Stranger's wrath
Munches Odyssey and
The original odd world game so that's kind of cool. Um, that's it. Let me get to the phones. We have a call
Hi, you're on orange launch radio
Hello, you're oh my gosh Skype crashed on me that sucks that was not the caller's fault that was Skype's fault
It just crashed that's like a bad Skype naughty naughty and I apologize to the caller that was on the line waiting to talk to us
But computer crashes, I guess are inevitable. Thank God Adobe Edition didn't crash or we lose all part B of our show
Wouldn't that be lovely do over?
I'm gonna call that person back because they did get through
mm-hmm
This is a nice thing when you call through Skype. I know who it is. Hi
You're on orange on this radio. Who's this? Hey, this is excellent. Hi X link
I don't know if you heard if the buffer made it through for some reason Skype crashed. So we called you back
Appreciate no, I was on there and I saw that I was like wow, that's kind of interesting
I thought was my end because I'm having problems with my laptop right now with my
Um mouse pad part with the click instead of clicking once you like to like like five different times
Just sucks. Although I am thinking about using it on my PSP. I have a PSP headset
I can use Skype on it, but I'm like who would call me
like
Nobody calls my iPhone. Why would people call me on Skype? I don't know. Anyway, sorry, that would be kind of interesting
Few things I'm gonna make this make this quick course
I'm gonna go through a few things here really quickly the PSP mini prices are actually pretty
Decent the only one that's really the highest point as of right now would be the Tetris game
Sudoku is
$6.99 and there's a two other ones for $4.99 and I believe two or three other ones for $6.99
So, I mean they're all under ten bucks
Level in Sudoku though is zero. I mean I'm done with Sudoku you Sudoku can be played with paper in pen, but yeah
I totally agree. I guess
It's just EA though and you know EA is gonna be a little more expensive because you know the EA brand name being on it
So, oh well hell of course
As for the Kingdom Hearts I played a new one I've been playing a new one for DS
I'm not gonna give anything away storyline wise but I'm gonna say I know you're a big fan of it
Play it when you get a chance or you know buy it. It's
Worth wild. It's been a lot of fun. I've been playing about ten hours and I've been pretty much addicted to it. So
And there is a lot of different characters in it
Okay, as long as they didn't cut out the Disney then I'm happy. How about Tron?
You can spoil that for me is Tron in it. I believe I don't know be it quite honest
I only played ten hours. I'm not really in I'm only on the second third world
I was gonna say it was ten hours enough to get past the prologue like Kingdom Hearts 2. Oh, definitely
You know, there's a lot of talk in the beginning and there's a lot of the beginning where they're saying
Okay, this button is this this does this if you press this button it does this
This is how you do stuff in the game. But once you get past all of it, it pretty much becomes normal. Hmm
All right. Well, I'll have to check that out
I suppose house look is it does it play like the PlayStation Kingdom Heart games or is it that it plays like that PS?
Yes, the ps1 the Kingdom Hearts and Kingdom Hearts 2 it doesn't play like that good. It's not like the chain of memory
Thank God good
So I'm waiting for birth by sleep
For the PSP now, so hopefully that will work well as well too. So well the way it's the on that one
Very cool. I'll tell you if you want a headache try playing a chain of memories on a micro
Thank you. No, thank you pass on that one. I did I do have the original though for the Gameboy advance
But yeah, no, I I tried playing that was the last one I tried to play on any handheld. I
I can only imagine what a headache machine that was anything else in your mind tonight excellent
Well, it was kind of funny
You robbed the whole hacking issue wasn't they having a problem with the Xbox Live and the hacking on that one, too?
People are trying to get some people were trying it to people's accounts to that one that had high game scores
Yeah, it was it was retarded stuff. It was like some kid
Sending voice messages to people saying I can give you cheats or whatever if you send me your account information
So like, you know, it you'd have to be an idiot to fall for that. Yeah, I
Live at least that I know of yet. I mean, I've been out of Xbox Live for about two months now, so
I've been on longer than that. So I've been busy doing my school stuff
So I can yeah, you can understand that but they're trying to probably sound like someone they were pulling back in the you know
Hey days of hey, give me I'm so I'm surprised or not. I'm so-and-so from Xbox Live. I need your name and password
There's been a system server crash that type of deal
Well, I hope everyone knows by now. Nobody will ask you for your name and password online a
Nobody that just doesn't happen not through email not online. It doesn't happen. Even when you call support they don't ask for it
They have ways of verifying you in other ways. So
Like I know with Blizzard, I guess I filled out a security question about like for example
This wasn't my security question
But like an example would be what was your house number as a child?
You know things that only you would know that a hacker wouldn't know
Yeah, so well anything else in your mind tonight? Excellent. Yeah, that's pretty much about it. All right, even so
I heard that's one the hardest ones yet from Atlas and I'm hearing they're getting good reviews from it
So you have a lot of fun with that
I just you know
Although I can see from a critical standpoint where it's getting good reviews and I'm not knocking the game at all
But the difficulty is really gonna turn some people off. So proceed carefully. Oh, I agree, but hey Atlas
RPGs you can't really beat that
I mean the every pretty much everything they have sealed with their name on there has been pretty much gold
So, all right fair enough. They do make good stuff. All right, take care. Excellent. Yeah YouTube. Thanks for the call
We got comments in chat here. What is this?
Kill Gannon one three three seven says I wonder if Rob's Wow pass was secure like caps numbers and shit
Um, I didn't use caps, but my password
To somebody who wouldn't know better would look like an a random jumble of letters
They meant something to me, but for most people just look like a random jumble of letters and numbers
I did use both letters and numbers so I don't think by any means it was easy to guess
Like it wasn't like a pet name. It wasn't
You know anything like that. So let's go to another call. Hi. You're on orange launch radio. Who's this?
Hello, you're on orange launch radio, who's this?
Hola bienvenidos all orange lounge radio kenis
Okay, yes, the person isn't there remember you can always call echo one two three before you give us a call to make sure
Your setup works. That's always a good idea. So there you go
A one eight seven seven game olr or username on skype orange lounge radio
If you want to give us a call was that it for last minute story tonight Loki G rent is pretty much it I think
Hold on we had another call. Hi, you're on orange launch radio. Who's this?
Hi, how are you? Oh pretty good. How are you? No good. It wouldn't be a skype segment without you. What's on your mind?
Two quick tips, I don't want to take up too much time because you're near the end of your show
I guess, you know one tip of information regarding
PS the PSN store
We released from I think was last week. Yeah, and now also at the same time. I also want to put some moment about
PlayStation 3 as well
There was one release
On the PSN store. It's a PS1 classic. Yeah, I think you guys me and like it was
Pandemonium which was poured out by I think crystal dynamics. Yes. I I've never played the game, but I
I've heard I actually have the Japanese version of it, which was
Magical hoppers. Oh
Yeah, I used to hit the desk version
Fortunately, I had that stolen a couple years ago. So I just bought the download version
And it's pretty good. The graphics are kind of dated by today's standards, but all in all it's pretty good
You know, I mean as far as my complaint isn't so much with the system itself
It's just fun, but it doesn't yeah too pretty of some of the other users on it
You know how well with the messaging on there, you know, they get the whole cut-and-paste kind of deal on there
Well, I yeah, well, I don't know if you've seen this yet or not
You know, if not, you probably will see it soon
But you know people have been doing it on piece checking messages. No, no
Oh, yeah, it's like, you know
if if you you're send this message to X number people so he's gonna see this and
And they're gonna track this message and you know, they'll really key low on the PlayStation 3
My god that ridiculous I'm like, you know, really that's why I'm thinking a
You know, he low and gears and all they are
Microsoft exclusive now, they're gonna notice nopes calm just for PlayStation Network
It sounds like they're just gonna need something to try to diffuse all the rumors there, you know
I'm surprised and I hope I'm not starting something here
I'm surprised I don't get that crap on my iPhone ever since they did the copy paste thing on iPhone, too
But I suppose whenever you open this up to you know, having the copy paste you wouldn't even really need it
I suppose it just makes it a lot easier to send these chain messages and crap
But just you know think before you forward good rule of thumb for everybody out there think before you forward
Do you really think Sony cares about what you're writing in messages to other people?
No, they don't they only put this stuff in the front end for you know as another feature
But they don't read your messages you're sending to other people and they don't track messages. That's a bunch of crap
Yes. Yeah, that's why I've been saying to all the people that have been sending me to these, you know
Yeah, I just tell them that by sending these messages
You're annoying crap out of other people and you're just showing how ignorant you are
I mean, you know using their prior example, I gave you know
You know, Microsoft's exclusives aren't going to read me
Microsoft's exclusives, you know, the pizza will fly out to someone's
Nellie reasons before those exclusives will show up on you know, PSG and vice versa
Exactly, that kind of stuff is just ridiculous that the exclusives would make their way to Sony
I mean people ought to know better
Did you have any other topics for us tonight Spaznier?
No, no, no, pretty much covers it
I'll probably let you go
I would imagine you probably want to squeeze in one more call and maybe close off afterwards
All right. Well, thank you as always Spaznier and keep on rocking the PlayStation
All right, have a good one
Take care
You know, actually I did buy a PS original not that long ago
I bought Unjamma Lamy on the PlayStation Network because you know, it's funny
I actually already own the disc for that
But I bought Unjamma Lamy just so I could have it on my PSP
So, hi, you're on Orange
I bought Parappa
Hi, you're on Orange
All right
Who's this?
Legend of Zaku
Hopefully now
Yes, we can hear you loud and clear
What's up Legend of Zaku?
Nothing much, just trying to kill just trying to kill another dull weekend and
aside from the Yanks winning
But yeah, I mean from basically what I've been seeing so far of PSP
Go has been getting a lot of flack
Most of it's actually deserving
Just for the fact that Sony is just done
They just haven't made it easy for existing PSP owners to give them the incentive to switch on
Especially when transferring existing UMDs
Did you see that story earlier this week where Reggie Fils-Aime has even come out and said
I don't get the PSP Go basically
Actually, I think he's right for the fact that for the most part
Every upgrade to the DS allowed people to play their old existing games
So in that sense, Sony's basically going two steps forward, one step back
Actually, no wait, what am I saying?
Two steps backward, one step forward
I like this, it's all right
I like this what Toa Gak says in our chat and I probably horribly mispronounced that name
I apologize
But Toa Gak says PSP Go equals PSP No
Exactly, I mean I have my original PS
I mean I have my slim PSP and I love it
You know, I love that thing to death just because I can play UMDs on it
So any new game that's still coming out, at least I have a hard copy of it
That's like something you'd see on a protest sign at a march or something
But I guess Sony really dropped the ball for this time around
They can put all the memory they want on a single unit
It's not going to change the fact that if you have your UMDs
They're practically obsolete at this point
You know, for new hardware
So it doesn't give people that incentive to just impulsively buy that new system
I want to read this comment in chat here real quick
Kutsune in chat says the PSP Go is only for those who don't already have a PSP
And I understand that point and I almost would agree with it
Almost, except I feel like with the PSP Go you get less choice than you have with the PSP 3000
Right, I mean you can't even sell
Everything's digital, there's no second-hand sales of games
Like you would with the UMD taking it to GameStop for money
If there was a faster processor, a second analog, something else in here
PS2 capability of games, something else in here I could recommend
I would be all about that
Right, if it was a brand new PSP, a new version of it
A completely new version outside of the fact that there's already been three so far
I mean that would be more than enough
But if it's more of the same with just like superficial tacked on features like Bluetooth
Which should have been in recent PSP iterations already
It just feels like Sony's like, you know, they're fucking up
You know, you're preaching to the choir here and it's tough
Because we want to give Sony credit for the things they're doing right on the PlayStation 3
But then you can't turn the blind eye on the Go
But the PSP, they're just acting like a bunch of chickens with their heads cut off
Because they don't even know how to make a product that not only new people would want
But the existing base
If you can't woo them, then that thing is dead in the water
Yeah, I agree
Well, what else is on your mind tonight, Zaku?
Nothing much
I mean except for the fact that, well, a few weeks ago I did attend an old-timers DDR tournament
Out on the break even though I didn't compete
It was basically a 32-man fifth mix tournament that took hours to complete
So that was the other highlight of these past few weeks
Eight on the break's a good arcade
I've been there, of course, and I haven't been there in a few years
Well, they put fifth mix already
They've been having that for months
And during Kings of the Coast, their big tournament in August
They were running a fourth mix plus tournament
So yeah, they're really throwing it back right over there
My love for eight on the break isn't just with the music games
But the fact that I didn't feel like that place was overrun with redemption games
It was a real arcade
Not only that, it's like cheap food
Four dollars will pretty much fill your stomach
Good point
Although it is, I wouldn't want to live on that food if you know what I mean
All right
I mean that
Zach, we're going to let you go to try and maybe squeeze in one more call
But thank you so much for the call
Okay, buddy
All right, have a good one
Go Yankees!
Yes
I always say that because my coworker loves the, I don't follow baseball
My coworker loves the Yankees
So I know that if the Yankees win, it's going to be a good day at work tomorrow
Because people will be happy
So actually I think that's going to do it for the Skype line tonight
So sorry to those that didn't get through
But you can always send us an email to mailbag at orangelauntrader.com
But for now, we want to go ahead and wrap up the show
And before we do that, we got to get everybody's final thoughts
Actually, I'm sorry, last minute stories if we have any left
I don't know if, Loki, you had anything else left
Well, let's see
I guess I could talk about
Well, they had a, you know, speaking of the PSP Go
There was a knockoff PSP Go-ish type device that was coming out
The PXP MP5
And I had to laugh though because some of the specs on it
Like it had a built-in camera, it could play emulation games and stuff like that
I'm like, wow, that's already better than the PSP Go
But yeah, I would imagine the camera is pretty low quality and all that stuff
It is a lot cheaper though
But it'll be interesting to see how much it actually sells
And I don't even know if we'll be able to tell that
Because it's going to be the PlayStation Portable Platform
And not necessarily the PSP Go
But yeah, I bet you it's going to just slump off to nothing by the time a holiday comes around
Are you able to figure out the real sales figures for PSP Go?
I don't know, they could do it with the DSI and the DS
So I wouldn't see why they wouldn't be able to at the PSP Go
But I know we're not selling a lot of them, that's for sure
A lot of people are backing out on them
We get a few people ordering like one in their store just to have it
But I don't think it's really
They never call back
No, no, they get it
And you know, they may reorder one here and there because people are looking for them
But they're not like pushing them, I guess
I see, all right
Well, that's it for last minute stories then
Let's go around and get everybody's final thought
Dark Sakura, thank you as always for your lovely contributions to the show
The Female Perspective, you're on Orange Lounge Radio
When I can't provide it
Dark Sakura, your final thought?
I want frozen yogurt, but I'm not going to have any
Sorry to hear that because frozen yogurt is amazing
Fro-Yo
We should go
We should, but I don't think the show will be over in time
This isn't that place close at 10?
Yeah
Yeah, we have Afterbirth
So I think we have three new songs tonight, right?
Yeah
We do
Did you win last?
I don't remember
You won't win anything because my song was all fucked up
I won't talk about during Afterbirth
Loki, your final thought tonight?
I need to move the cabinet into the house and then the next project is to rebuild the DVR pads
Already have them designed and everything
They're gonna be awesome
My final thought for the day is happy national coming out day
And equality for all means just that
Equal rights for all
Equal, equal, equal
There is no such thing as a domestic partnership being equal rights in any way shape or form
I had one of my friends actually, it was funny that you mentioned that
Last weekend he came up and stuff, he came out to me
He's been apparently married
He got married during that time too
That it was legal
And so
Oh, it's part of the 18,000
Yeah
Oh, I thought you meant this was like a married man to a woman who came out too
Because that could be very difficult
I've met men who have gone through
No, no, no, no
Okay
No, no idea whatsoever
But he's had a boyfriend for like, you know, ever since
Even like during like when he came to our wedding stuff
You've actually met him
But, you know, I was like, why didn't you bring him?
I'm like, that would have been okay
But he's just, he's not coming out there but yet
I met a lot of people at your wedding so I probably wouldn't remember him
But props
I
Because California is the only state where like some marriages are legal
And they don't know how to explain how it works
Let me give you a hint California
Here's how to get it right
Equal, equal, equal
Across the board
That's how you do it
There's no reason for it
No religious text should ever take away equality
Ever
So
Anyhow
That's it
I'll get off my soapbox now
That's gonna do it
For another episode of Orange on its Radio
Thank you guys so much for tuning into us
We had a really good listener count tonight
Especially considering we've been off for a week
So that must mean you missed us
So thank you very much
And you don't hate us too much for falling behind on the podcast feed and all that stuff
Hey I bet their aim's improving
I bet so too
But we'll be back next week to do it all again
I don't know if we have anything special planned for next week
Unfortunately we're not doing the big gaming marathon next week
But if you aren't already tuning into it somewhere
Please be sure you're watching the Extra Life marathon somewhere
That's all Sarcastic Gamer and other podcasts is doing that
And you know we are all for the Extra Life marathon
That is going to happen around the internet on Saturday
So please look for that and donate
I'm sure there'll be other ones later on
Oh yeah we'll participate in something later on
For sure a good cause somewhere
But that's going to do it for now
For us have a great week everybody
We'll see you next week on Orange Lounge Radio
If you've enjoyed the show all we ask you just tell a couple people about the show
Help spread by word of mouth
Because remember that's all we've got to promote Orange Lounge Radio
We don't have any fancy magazines or big million hits a month website to back us up
We only have you guys to help spread the word
So that's it have a great week
We'll see you next time here on Orange Lounge Radio
But we're probably right anyway
See you next week
