Music
Tonight, October 25th, 2009, a major new score burns computer games while you wait.
We have an interview about the upcoming charity event, Ooh Loud,
and some crappy little podcast once an obscure Japanese title released in the US.
Orange Lounge Radio
Music
Heard any good jokes lately?
Hi, and welcome to another edition of Orange Lounge Radio.
That's a podcast dedicated to video games, video gaming, gamer lifestyle, and of course, kittens!
Cute, adorable, fluffy kittens.
My name is Rob Roberts, joining you for the next few hours.
Of course, as with me as always, say hello to the one and only secretary of catnip,
Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
And of course, the one and only secretary of defense, Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
He cleans the cat box.
I do.
How are you guys doing tonight?
It's been an interesting week.
Been a very interesting week.
It's been a unique week.
It's been a very unique week here at Orange Lounge Radio.
I have to say, in the seven and a half years we've been doing Orange Lounge Radio,
I haven't quite seen anything like it.
Usually at Orange Lounge Radio, we start off the show talking about our gaming weeks,
but in spite of things going on, we thought we might change that up a little bit
and start off tonight with some news.
And we're going to head over to Joystiq with a Q.
Of course, we like them over at Joystiq.
They run lots of fun little game stories.
They ran a story this week.
Fans campaigning for President Cat.
I love that picture.
Against all odds, a completely random Japanese Wii game starring a cat blogger
has become a hot topic among some fans.
Sukiban Sachurena Wii stars a cat named Rena from a popular Japanese blog
as the CEO of Cat Queen, Inc.
You play as a cat going through the initiation into the company,
performing various minigames to earn Rena's respect.
That's not really true.
Oh, really?
You don't play a cat.
Oh, what?
You play a person.
Oh, really now?
Yes.
How do you know this?
Because you see the person in the game that you're playing.
You dodge flying cats.
I see.
The Orange Lounge Radio podcast discovered the game,
which they have dubbed President Cat.
I like that, that we just dubbed it that.
Hey, they like it.
I shall call it President Cat.
Hey, they like it.
They did.
Then began tweeting the Wii game's official account.
Fans started sending messages of encouragement and support
to the President Cat hashtag,
and the Rena account has started responding in both Japanese and English,
revealing that the publisher is excited and a little confused
about all this sudden attention.
It would be hilarious if this grassroots movement resulted in the localization
of a weird licensed game.
However, it would also be pretty sad if the publisher turned out to lose money on it.
It's definitely something we want to play,
but we're not exactly representative of the mainstream audience.
That story coming from J.C. Fletcher over at Joystick.
I want to dodge flying cats.
Obviously, we're a little surprised, probably like most people,
that this actually made game blogs this week.
A number of them.
Some people might think it was a grab for attention,
but no, please.
We've done far worse desperate cries for attention on this show in the past.
This was nothing.
What's also interesting about this is that it's not like this is the first game
we've ever said they should bring over from Japan.
This is the first one that we've actually contacted the company roundaboutly.
Kind of.
Think about what the show was based on, what we started the show on.
DDR, right?
Yeah.
How long did it take for DDR to finally come from Japan to the U.S.?
Did we have Twitter back then?
No, we didn't.
So?
Yeah, so certainly Twitter's changed things up a little bit.
You know, and all the obscure Japanese title we talked about in the past.
So it's interesting, you know,
and I understand why Joystick is saying what they do at the end there.
They have to kind of show both ends of the story that, you know,
well, it would be a darn shame if they localized this game
and it ended up in bargain bins.
But dude, the fact that you guys ran the article as well as a variety
of other sites ran the article.
Like Go Nintendo and Destructoid.
Means that people obviously saw something in it, I think.
You know, that wasn't in some of the games we talked about in the past.
And so it's very interesting.
It just goes to show the moral of the story.
America...
Loves cats.
Loves cats.
And I'm not, when I say America, I mean collectively the world
that listens to this show, we just happen to be in America.
But, you know, our friends in Australia, Canada, Mexico, Europe,
they all fucking love cats too.
And I think it just goes to show that people would like to see a game like this.
Not everybody wants to see a game like this.
Of course, you look at the comments on this and, you know,
the other sites that ran the article and there's people saying,
this game looks stupid.
Yeah, they probably also like Madden.
And my point would be there are some people that look at games like Madden
and go, well, that's stupid.
Like me. I go a lot stupid to Madden.
I don't think Madden is stupid.
I just, it's not my kind of game.
I think it's a waste of my time.
But I bet there are people out there that would say Uncharted 2 is stupid.
This game that gets critical praise, lavish, left and right upon it.
Somebody thinks it's stupid.
I don't, but, you know, somebody out there probably does.
I will say it's stupid.
You haven't even played it.
No, I haven't.
You just want to be controversial.
I know.
See, that's that desperate cry for attention people talk about.
It's not.
I am unique just like everyone else.
So here's the thing, though.
The point behind this, and if you go back on the show weeks and weeks,
years and years, months and months, whatever,
we've talked about this for a long time.
It has to do with risk taking.
For example, Konami really missed the boat when it came to making guitar
games in the U.S., didn't they?
Oh, hell yeah.
They had a guitar and drum game out for years and years in Japan
that they could have released over here.
But when they did it, they did a half-assed job with it.
And same thing goes for Beatmania is that, you know,
they transferred everything in Japan, kind of figuring it would work over here,
didn't really invest a lot of time or money into it.
And so they didn't really take a big risk.
I mean, sure, they, I guess, took a little risk in putting the game out
over here, which paid off for them with DDR.
Yeah.
You know.
Beatmania, not so much.
But a lot of Japanese companies, I think, are afraid to take risks sometimes
because they think Americans don't get it or we're not going to get it.
Well, let this past week be a lesson.
There's a lot of people over here that get it,
or else this story would have, nobody would have cared,
just like the past other hundred games we've talked about on the show
that should be over here.
I'm thinking about doing a Sharmi blog as tribute.
So, I don't know, Loki, what are your thoughts on this whole thing?
You actually got the game this week, right?
Yes, I did.
And what did you think?
Is it worth all our hype?
Did this get out of hand, what?
Well, I don't know, it may have gotten out of hand a little bit,
but it's a fun game, from what I can understand.
Obviously, I don't get a lot of the stuff that's going on in the game
because it's all in Japanese, but the little mini-games in there are fun,
and it's funny to watch them, and it's just weird.
So, it's got that kind of appeal, and I think it'd be a little bit better
if it was in English.
How much of it is spoken?
There's a lot of it. Well, it's not really spoken,
it's just kind of in text boxes.
Oh.
But, you know, it's fun.
Definitely would pick it up if it came out over here.
And, you know, as I posted in Twitter and stuff,
there's been a few other cat games that have come out over here,
more like the cat-raising systems, like, you know,
the dog's kind of crap.
Imagine cats, and they also have purr pals and stuff like that.
And you have to understand, even though a lot of people
don't get these kind of games on the Wii,
the Wii has so many units out there, it doesn't matter.
It takes such a small percentage of the people out there
to sell a lot of units of this.
For example, those other cat games.
200,000 units and 400,000 units.
And they were shit. They were absolute shit.
But people will buy anything that comes out on the Wii.
And if you put President Cat on the front of that box,
you better believe that hundreds of thousands of people
will pick up the game, even if it completely stunk.
Which is good because this game doesn't stink,
but, you know, it's quirky and it's fun and it's got minigames in it,
and trust me, there's so many minigame collections,
party games out there, it'll fit right in.
What do you think is the fear about putting a game like this
out in the US?
I mean, clearly the developers behind this game, who granted,
we blindsided a little bit last week,
but we kind of never thought they'd care.
So it's kind of really cool that they actually responded in the first place,
and I think speaks very highly of the company in the first place,
you know, despite all this.
But what do you think is the fear?
I mean, there's plenty. We read off Japanese releases every week,
and many of them don't come over here.
Why do you think? Do they just think we don't get it?
It's just not the kind of game that would do well here?
What is the fear?
I think that it's just a lot of money that goes into localizing the game,
and if they don't feel that they're going to sell enough units,
then they're just not going to bother with it.
But then I look at companies like Atlus, or even Axis game localization,
or even Ignition, whatever.
I mean, a lot of their games that come out over here
that they decided to put out on the Wii, or even the DS and stuff,
don't sell that many units.
Atlus especially, they don't sell a lot of units, maybe 200,000 on a good title,
and they only have a limited run.
They really cut their budget that way.
But I think that something like this, given the right marketing behind it,
and I'm sure there would be a lot of praise for it,
I think it would do pretty well.
And when you consider these games like Pets Cats 2 and Purrpals,
they have no marketing. They have zero marketing.
And all you're getting, people are seeing these in the stores,
and they're picking it up based on the cute kitten that's on the front cover.
That's it.
Because they're, oh, my daughter likes cat games, so they'll pick it up.
And if it's a quirky, weird cat game, it's cute, and it's got fun games in it.
I think it's even better.
Let's go to the chat room, our always present other guests here on the program,
chat.orangetonshooter.com.
Dark Tetsuya in chat asks,
yeah, who would we contact about localizing this, if anyone?
And this kind of, you know, leading into the next question,
what happens from here with our little mission to get this game localized?
I have a thought, but go ahead.
I would contact kind of the usual bunch of people that are out there
localizing weird-ass games.
I mean, there's a few companies out there that will do that.
One example would be UFO Interactive.
They localize a lot of shoot-em-up games, like shmup games,
bullet hell stuff, and a lot of other weird stuff,
plus they have their own games that they actually put out as well,
but they do a lot of localization in that sense,
and it's a lot of stuff that I know that their stuff is not selling that many units,
but I guess they're picking these properties cheap enough
or something that they decide, you know, that it's worth putting it out.
Like they put out, I forget if it was like Go Minion or something like that.
It ended up coming out as Domino Rally over here or something like that.
It's like Go Go Minion I think was the name of it.
You know, that's a really obscure title, but they went ahead and brought it over here.
Axis Game Localization does the same stuff.
They've been doing a little bit more mainstream stuff lately.
They've been doing the Guilty Gear series, a lot of stuff from that.
But there's a few other things that they bring over.
Then if you want to talk to other publishers,
there's Zoo Games that brings out a lot of like, you know, kind of bargain bin stuff.
They do a lot of localization for UK games that get released over there,
but they're willing to bring over properties that no one has any idea what the hell they are over here,
like Kokoto, which is some sort of demon character that's popular I guess in the UK or something.
So should our listeners that feel passionate about the game email these guys, tweet them?
No, I think it'd be a good idea to maybe bring it up to maybe,
I would go with like UFO Interactive and maybe Triaxis, maybe even like D3 or something,
because remember D3, they brought over Defense Force, which is sweet and weird.
Only Shambara, plus they have a simple series in Japan, so they're used to weird ass games,
but it's just, I don't know, it couldn't hurt to hit up more people than less.
In a way, I think our quirky little mission has succeeded big already.
I mean obviously this was just kind of like a running joke last week,
and I don't want to say it's a joke, because I mean there's a lot of truth to it.
Obviously it's something that kind of got like way bigger than we ever thought.
I mean with them responding and what have you, but in a way I think it already succeeded.
Having hit all the game blogs, having, I mean, let's face it, the developers' Twitter,
their numbers of followers has doubled, damn near tripled since everything happened last week.
You know, and I think in that regard, I think it already got the point across in regards to,
hey, there's an audience over here for this kind of like quirky stuff.
If you don't think game developers have already noticed when, you know,
several major, major gaming blogs picked up the story.
Yeah, and really what it came down to is what are these, what kind of units are they looking to sell?
What would make it worthwhile for them to bring it over here?
I mean obviously something like this is not going to sell a million units.
I mean it's not going to be, I don't think it's going to be the next Katamari.
I mean it's not.
They didn't think the Katamari was going to be the next Katamari.
Actually it's good you bring that up, but keep in mind Katamari Damacy was a big risk too.
That game was released for 20 bucks several years ago.
And it was weird, and everyone loved it because it was different.
I want to read this comment, and I don't know if you have anything else you want to say on this Dark Sakura,
but another comment from chat, Bochikawa in chat,
Skye, the best jokes are those that we all can relate to,
and I think you hit the nail on the head there.
Again, this is not the first game we've screamed from the mountain tops,
has ought to be localized and brought over here.
Keep in mind, this show started as a music game based show,
and we have screamed at the top of our lungs about tons and tons of music games
since the very beginning of this.
But for some reason, this one got people's attention.
And it's part the Twitter thing.
I think that speaks for me about Twitter.
It's part the Twitter thing.
But I think it's part the fact that people looked at this and went,
oh my God, this does look really cute.
Why isn't there like a lolcats game with this as big as, you know,
maybe that wasn't the point behind this game,
but that's what a lot of us are kind of interpreting it as,
is cats in funny situations, cat wearing cat masks,
and the whole like stealing money game I saw a video of with the cats,
and the cat driving the car.
It is ridiculous and preposterous like lolcats and fun, fun, fun.
I think that the best kind of fun is the ones you don't expect to be fun.
You know, the ones that surprise you.
I played the cat dodging game about ten times.
It's fun.
It's just ridiculous and weird.
And it's fun because there's like, you know,
you have to dodge a cat and then there's cats that will jump out
with like hearts above their heads.
You have to expand your arms out to catch the cat in a loving embrace.
And it does it in this really weird like slow motion cut scene with,
you know, like roses and all sorts of stuff.
It's weird, but it's funny.
I got to read this comment from actdeft in our chat room,
and who says that Twitter is useless?
I did two weeks ago.
I was actually listening to the show before last week's show,
and I had said I was done and fed up with Twitter,
and I didn't get the point.
Boy, did I get told.
Well, didn't I tell you, you know,
that I've done some of my best networking through Twitter.
And, you know, I've gotten a little bit of work through Twitter.
You know, it really is super useful.
And especially, you know, right now it greatly served our purpose.
You know.
What is our purpose?
Whatever we determine it is at the time.
No, I think our purpose was to show that more Japanese developers
should think about bringing their quirky little games over here,
because there's an audience for it.
I mean, shoot.
Where was it that we would always go to at E3?
We would go to the small little developers,
to the ones that were looking.
Kensha Frickin' Hall.
Or the back corner where Natsume had their little walk around
thinking you could get, like,
my sheep is right over there, my Harvest Moon sheep.
You know.
And also I was thinking, you know,
Matt made some good suggestions,
but I think also look for that company,
see if they've released any other games that have been released in the US
and see who their marketer was.
But certainly, though, after the antics of last week,
you know in a boardroom somewhere in Japan this got brought up.
We're going to this crazy guy, Gene.
It's just very interesting.
I've got one more question for Loki,
and then we're going to get into how was your gaming week
and the way we usually start off the show.
Loki, what I'm really curious about, what did the wife think?
She thought it was weird.
I don't know.
She didn't really pay attention because I stopped playing it
because she got tired because I can't read any of the text,
and there's a lot of dialogue in the game.
And every time you progress the text forward,
it makes a bing sound.
So I was clicking, and it's all bing, bing, bing, bing, bing, bing.
She's like, stop that. That's annoying.
So that was pretty much...
For you to be developers when you localize this, a little less bing.
How about a cute meow noise instead of a bing?
Something I actually noticed from the screenshots
is that it's actually in very simple Japanese.
But part of the reason I was wondering
is how much of it was actually spoken dialogue
is because it would be much easier to follow if it's spoken.
There wasn't really any spoken.
There was a lot of meows and lots of text boxes.
What's also interesting, I've been looking on Twitter,
and quite a few people on Twitter have been talking about
how they got the game from Play Asia and so on.
So oddly enough, our little crusade ended up increasing the sales in Japan,
even if by a little bit.
So you're welcome for the free advertising.
I want someone to get the game for me.
All right.
I will render services.
Any other thoughts on President Cat for now?
I don't know if there's anything left to say.
In a way, I kind of think our mission was successful.
I don't know if there's a lot else that can be done.
Ultimately, it's out of our hands at this point,
and it is who's going to take a risk.
We can keep the awareness up.
I think we can keep the awareness up,
and we can alert the potential risk takers.
Keep that hashtag going.
Yeah, keep the hashtag going.
Tweet the companies that you think ought to bring it over,
and who knows what may happen.
Especially those of you that felt the need to email,
because I know this could act deft.
They'd thank at the bottom of the Joystick article,
so I know this came from tips from listeners,
these various game blogs around the story.
Now that we've got that, I guess,
start emailing some of the developers and see what happens.
I mean, the worst that happens, they're going to delete it.
Actually, I got their email address, the people over there.
I've just been trying to get a hold of one of my friends in Japan
to translate it for me, and she's been less than forthcoming
because she has a mutual friend is over there visiting,
so I might see if any of our Japanese listeners
who's really good with your translation let me know,
because I wanted to let them know exactly how we came across them.
So shoot an email at the mailbag, and we'll work together.
There may be some lucrative opportunity for you.
All right. Well, let's get back into our regular show here.
Obviously, we've taken a 20-minute detour to talk about President Cap,
but that kind of thing happens when we tend to get spotlighted for a week
for whatever reason.
We're going to move into our regular show now.
Our ego's full, and we turn into Big Divas.
Basically. Hey, wait a minute. What is this?
I asked for a Diet Coke. What is this? Anyway.
I'm sorry. I wanted 2% milk in my latte. Hi.
I peed in your latte.
You're a butt.
We're going to get into how was your gaming week.
We always like to start off the show with a little bit of that,
but let me quick just explain if anybody should be listening for the first time
because you heard about this through the President Cap stuff.
You know, we're three friends who've been doing this show
for about seven and a half years.
We all met in an arcade playing Dance Dance Revolution,
and we used to go to a little café right across the street
called Brookfield's after a night of arcade gaming,
and we'd just kind of sit around and talk smack about each other,
about video games, about whatever was going on in the world.
It was just basically nerds sitting around the dinner table,
and that's kind of the theme we like to emulate here,
and the way we invite you to the dinner table
is through all the ways to interact with our show,
chat.orangelandtrader.com, our Skype line, our mailbag, and so forth.
Twitter now, too.
I don't know you guys. Get out of my house.
Shut up. All right.
One way we like to always start off the show, though,
is with what we've been playing this week.
Dark Sakura, how have you had your gaming week?
How was your gaming week?
PEGGLE!
Lots and lots of PEGGLE.
My goal in PEGGLE has been to beat some of the levels on the first try,
and I beat that freaking hard DNA level on the first try,
and I was very proud of myself.
Like, one of the last ones with the spirals going up.
Anyway, I have also really not been playing much of anything else
just simply because I had my midterms last week
and migraines all last week and just the son of crap all week.
So I haven't really had too much of an opportunity,
although I'm still campaigning for, you know,
potential World of Warcrafting, maybe.
I just don't have time.
All right.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
It was pretty good.
I actually played, well, like I mentioned earlier,
President Cat, so I played a little bit of the new Renegame,
and it was fun.
I got through.
It starts off, it kind of breaks it up,
like there's three minigames that you have to do
and then like three more after that,
and I got past the first three minigames,
which is tough because the last one was like some question-answer thing.
I can't read any of that, so I just kept hitting random buttons,
and yet somehow I was getting it correct.
So I managed to get past that.
I played the piano portion,
even though I was hitting it in time.
I guess I wasn't doing it well enough,
and so they're getting pissed off.
And of course the car driving,
which is weird because you're like controlling the cat in the back of the car
that's sucking up what I look like stars or clouds or something.
It's just weird.
And then also play the cat dodging, which was kind of fun.
But yeah, the game is weird and fun.
So definitely worth checking out.
The other thing of course I played tons of was DJ Hero.
We just knocked out most of the songs in the game.
I think I've actually played through everything now.
Maybe a few tracks I'm missing,
but I've almost five-starred everything on Medium,
and I've started trying out some of the songs on Hard,
and it gets a lot harder, that's for sure.
But very fun game.
I hope everyone checks it out when it comes out in two days.
And then finally of course Grand Theft Auto IV
played some more Lost and Damned.
Also found a way around their patch to get rid of the mods,
but I haven't really done much with that because it's not working correct.
Because apparently if you've ever modded the Grand Theft Auto on PC,
if you change too much, it becomes unstable.
And then each save file actually saves some of the stuff that you change.
So if I try to change certain weapons or whatever,
they'll kind of disappear from the save, and it's a pain in the ass.
So I found a way around all that,
but unfortunately the modded discs I made was very unstable,
so I have to go back to the drawing board.
I don't really care though because the new expansion's coming out at the end of next week,
so I may just hold off on modding everything
until I can maybe get my hands on the episodes of Liberty City disc instead.
Because that might be a little more fun.
We were even just playing the new expansion,
because that's just going to be all sorts of awesome.
And other than that, I moved the arcade cabinet into the house this afternoon,
so I'm hopefully going to be done with that soon.
I'm downloading some front-end stuff for this program called Hyper Spin.
I'm going to be running on it.
So I've been downloading themes for a bunch of different games that I have in MAME.
And that's it.
I've been playing mostly World of Warcraft this week,
because I'm sucked into wowcrack.
But I did try out one new game.
I say game in quotes because it wasn't really a game,
but I checked out a game on PlayStation Network this week called Dot Detuned,
or just Detuned I guess you could call the game.
And it was something I think that was brought up at the very end of our show last week.
I want to say one of the callers alerted us to it.
I don't know if I saw it on Twitter during the week, but I saw it was $3.
And I was like, wow, what a deal for a game.
So I went ahead and downloaded it and checked it out.
And yeah, it wasn't quite what I was expecting,
because I heard that you could use custom soundtracks in the game,
and I finally figured out why my songs weren't copying over on my USB card to the PS3.
I had to go in there and do all or whatever, hit the triangle button.
I was finally able to figure it out.
So I got a bunch of custom songs on my PlayStation 3, so I was excited.
And I was like, oh, a game that uses custom soundtracks and it says it builds the game around the soundtracks.
I'm like, oh, cool, it's like a music game, like a beat matching game.
I love music games, that's what I'm all about, so let's check out this game.
Not exactly.
This is one of those games that's kind of like, I guess you could call it video game art.
And I know that's weird, because there's that whole controversy out there in the world,
are video games art?
But this is definitely one of those things where you kind of look at it and go,
well, it's not really a game either.
And PlayStation has a few of these.
I mean, PlayStation Network's kind of been the home for these.
But in a way, like Flower, that game on PlayStation Network was kind of art, too.
But there was a game there, and that was a really cool game.
Actually, I think Flower is one of the best, if not the best PlayStation Network title out there.
It's a beautiful game.
It's the strangest racing game you'll ever play in your life, but it's amazing.
So I thought, okay, I'll take a chance on this Detune game.
But it's really weird.
Like, you use buttons to pump the guy sitting in the chair.
And depending on what kind of skin you've selected with your direction buttons
and your triangle, square, X buttons might make it do different things.
Like, he might turn into an elephant man.
Or he might turn into a ghost-looking man.
And then as you wind the R-stick, he might dance around the chair
or do this weird thing in the chair.
And then if you hit another button, it deflates.
Basically, it's like playing with a baby toy.
You hit all these different buttons and it makes different noises
or has all these different effects.
It's very strange.
But I can't stress this enough.
There is no game here.
There is no object. There is nothing to do.
And yes, you can use your custom soundtracks.
And some of the pumps and little effects will distort the soundtrack.
This is literally one of those things that you sit there and you press the buttons
and it kind of does different things.
I imagine it's a lot more impactful if you're on drugs or something.
I'm not on drugs, so I didn't quite see that.
But yeah, it was just interesting.
I'm not saying it was bad because it was three dollars.
And it's certainly something different.
I'm just saying it's not a game.
So be careful.
And yet it awards trophies even though it's not a game.
And I will tell you this.
If you want the easiest trophies,
like easier than those achievements in the Avatar game on 360,
just pay the three bucks for this game.
And you can have a gold trophy, like three silvers and a handful of bronze.
A handful of bronze in seconds.
I didn't even look at what the trophies were.
And I had all but one of them unlocked in five minutes in the game.
It was incredibly simple.
But that's, of course, I wouldn't recommend downloading a game just for trophies.
But I know there's some people out there that are, you know,
E-peen whores and want to see that stuff.
Otherwise, this is kind of one of those things.
I don't know if you ever go to the Museum of Modern Art
and you see some things in there that are really, really cool.
Like Andy Warhol paintings.
Well, that's kind of neat.
You know, that Marilyn Monroe painting is kind of rad.
But then, like, you see that other piece on the wall that just looks like
someone threw a paint can against the canvas and called it art.
That's art!
Well, this is, okay, well, this is what that game,
this is the art equivalent of that.
This is the video game equivalent of that art piece.
You kind of look at it and go, okay, I guess there's art in here somewhere.
So, but you know what, it does add to the very interesting debate
that is, are video games art or not?
It's very, very strange.
So there you go.
And I'm going to link this in the chat room.
But look at this. Isn't that art?
I've seen that before.
But it's not what one would conventionally think of,
like a Renoir or anything.
I'll link it in the chat room.
Terrible radio trying to describe a painting.
There's lines and boxes.
All I need to tell anyone is that it's one of Mondrian's work.
You know, it's the primary colors, black and white on a grid,
but that's still art, even though it's not really representational of anything.
So, I mean, it all depends on what you enjoy.
And there's some people that are going to look at that and go,
what the fuck is that crap?
You know, somebody paid thousands of dollars for that?
So, and that would exactly be this game.
There's going to be some people that look at it and go, wow, this is art.
This is cool.
This is just like an interactive experience that you can only get on a video game console.
And there's some people that are going to look at it and go, what the fucking shit?
Are these people on drugs?
And keep in mind, there was the all audio game on Saturn where you get seeds.
Uh-huh.
And it's zero visual. It's all audio, the way you play the game.
Interesting.
And you grow seeds into plants.
Is that like Seaman?
No, seeds. Like, real.
It comes with a packet of seeds and you plant them.
All right.
Yeah. So, that's not the most bizarre thing ever.
Uh, going to the chat room, alpha-kinanagram is in caps.
It's not a game, da-da-da. I believe I said that.
It's not a game.
But keep in mind, they're selling it in the game section of the PlayStation Store.
So, just, you know, be forewarned.
It is not a game.
And it awards trophies like a game would do.
You know, games usually have objectives and there are objectives with the trophy.
But it's not a game. I'm just saying.
It's not a game.
I'm not saying it's bad.
It's just weird.
Different.
Art is interpretation.
I interpreted this as, huh?
Some people are going to interpret this as cool.
Some people are going to interpret this as, pfft.
Just, interpretation.
As caca.
Yes, exactly.
So, that pretty much does it for my gaming week.
We're going to get into some gaming news here shortly.
But first, some housekeeping.
Hey, if you're not already, follow us on Twitter at www.Twitter.com slash O-L-R.
And also on tonight's show.
We actually have a pretty full show tonight.
We're going to be interviewing later on in the show, in part B, our pal Seg.
He is putting on a big part of this OOM LOUD event that's going on in San Francisco.
It's a charity event for Child's Play.
And we think these kinds of things that are very creative and involve video games and, you know, raise money for good causes.
Things that give gamers a good name as opposed to, you know, kid shoots up neighbors, says he was inspired by Grand Theft Auto.
We love covering things like this that really offset the crap stuff that's in the media.
So, this is a great cause.
We hope our friends in the Bay Area will show up to this.
We're going to talk to Seg a little later in the show.
Talk about OOM LOUD.
I know I'm going.
I think Jamie's going to go because I'll give her a ride.
She said all she needed was a ride.
Loki will try to get to go.
If all of us can go, we could have a band.
Might be fun.
Loki, you might have to see if you can get away from the wife for a night.
I don't know.
We could call the band President Cat.
Come on.
You know you want to do it.
All right.
Anyhow, we'll get into that a little later on in Part B of our show.
But first, some gaming news.
Start us off tonight, Loki.
Yes.
Recently, Microsoft opened their first Microsoft store in Scottsdale, Arizona.
And, of course, one of the big things about the store, other than kind of being sort of a copy of an Apple store,
is that they have the ability to basically print their own Windows games.
And the way this is done is you actually order it from a kiosk and then give your name, I guess, to one of the representatives in the stores.
And then basically you wait a few minutes and you'll actually have the game with the label on the game printed,
the case and inserts as well as the manual all printed for you.
So it's kind of like that whole, I don't know, they have a kiosk out there that will print, or I guess it will make custom DVDs for you as well, like movies.
But this is kind of cool, actually, because you can't really knock it since games, like for PC at least, there's not really a used market for them.
At least not one that you would see in a GameStop or something like that.
So if you're looking for a case and stuff and they don't have to have inventory in the store, I mean, that's pretty awesome.
I'd be kind of curious to see if they could do something like this with Xbox Live arcade games or something. That'd be pretty cool.
Kind of different. I mean, haven't they talked about this, though, for like video rentals, though?
And I don't know how successful this was, but I think a while ago Blockbuster was talking about how video stores would sometimes run out of movies.
That they could actually print out movies that you want to rent right there on the spot.
Originally I thought that's what those Red Boss kiosks did, but I guess that's not really what they do.
Now they had something that they were going to work on where you would be able to basically, it would burn DVDs for you, and you would have to get the licensing through different companies for this.
And the people that were kind of participating in it were actually really small studios that didn't really have the money or whatever to sell stock and that kind of stuff.
Or even catalog items for some of the major studios and whatnot.
It was supposed to cut down their costs because they don't store all this catalog product that doesn't sell as fast.
I guess I get the idea of putting out of print or catalog games into this kind of system, but as far as new games go, isn't the whole reason to walk into a store and buy a video game as opposed to just going onto Steam or Direct-to-Drive or one of those companies online?
Isn't the whole point of having the box, having the manual and that kind of new game smell that comes when you open up the box?
They still get that. I mean, they get the manual and everything printed. It's just, you know, they won't get the big giant cardboard box that goes with it.
Which I guess saves trees, I don't know.
And, you know, I guess you could look at it that way, but it's neat, I guess.
You'll be able to get a disc and you won't have to worry about it being out of stock because they're just burning a game for you, so why not?
Of course, I kind of look at this and go, well, you know, it would be cool, I guess, if the kiosk or whatever is kind of like showing you a demo of the game so you can play the game and then order it on the spot.
But then again, you could kind of do the same thing with a lot of these online systems like Steam and so forth.
You play a demo of the game and if you like it, drop the money for the full version.
But I guess this might be cool for like parents going Christmas shopping, wanting to buy computer games for the kids.
You know, you could see what the game looks like on a monitor in front of you, kind of see if it's appropriate for kids or not.
Like if it's, you know, Lego that you're getting or if it's, you know, Demon Slayers from Hell with boobies or whatever.
You know, you don't want to get the kids, you can kind of see what it is in the kiosk before you actually buy it and then have it printed right there.
I guess that would be the target audience for this kind of thing?
I think so, yeah.
Question mark?
Yeah.
And some comments from our chatroom at chat.orangelaunchradio.com.
GameGuru says, besides, you can buy DVD cases and print out box art.
Yeah, but I don't know, it's not the same.
Like the homemade stuff just isn't the same to me.
It's not the same and they actually, you know, obviously since it's games for Windows stuff, they have this stuff licensed.
They have the actual manufacturers giving them the artwork for this.
They have probably the process to, I'm sure it's not just going to be like an inkjet printer printing out a piece of crappy, you know, artwork that's going to be on paper that looks like cheap, you know, crap that you would make at home.
But I think this is going to be a little bit better than that.
And I don't know, I mean, I'd be interested to see, there's a lot of people that reported on this and, you know, obviously a lot of people that visited the store.
So, how is the software that's, you know, burned off that? I mean, does it look good? Does it, you know, look cheap and knocked off?
I mean, is it something that you could probably do at home for a lot less or?
Haven't you ever bought a video game and then you came home and like you were just kind of opening and going through it?
And unfortunately a lot of console games, especially Nintendo ones, put a lot of crap in there like sign up for the club, sign up for the whatever.
But haven't you ever like, there's been some games where you pull out the manual and you're like, this is an epic manual.
And I'm kind of glad I bought the game.
Anything Working Designs did?
Yeah. I thought Demon's Souls, just speaking of a very recent game, had a pretty epic manual with it.
I'm sure there's a lot of games out there.
And it's just not the same thing as, you know, running it on the inkjet or looking at a PDF file.
I would like to see them at their store and I would like to see this in actually other stores.
I mean, and yeah, I know you can buy Microsoft points and stuff like that and go purchase your own Xbox Live Arcade games.
But I want actual cards for like each individual game, you know, or something that I could print up and say,
OK, I want to give the gift of like, and why I would never punish someone like this.
Give someone the gift of, say, the Warriors game that they put on Xbox Live Arcade, you know,
and have it actually print up with like, you know, a nice little logo and stuff like that and have the code redeem that game.
And only that game.
I think that would be kind of cool.
But, you know, obviously I know they're out to sell the points cards and stuff because in that way you buy a game
and you still have extra points left over and they get you to spend, you know, $20 and $50 instead of, say, $10 or $15.
So, OK, Jamie brought in an epic manual that came to her mind and it's for Sega Ages on the Sega Saturn and it's fancy.
It's got like raised print and like the foil writing for Sega Ages.
It was a working designs game.
It's pretty epic.
There you go.
So, I know, could we make cards for Yaris and get those printed and I can give those to like, it's like giving someone a fruitcake for Christmas?
Yeah, it's free.
That would be kind of funny.
But even like, you know, not necessarily that, but like custom 1600 point cards or something.
I guess you could do that if you had the time.
You know, just buy a bunch of them and pull them all off and transpose the, you know, the number over to whatever new card you make.
I don't know.
It's just a neat idea and, you know, it's a neat way to go, especially now since a lot of businesses are trying to go all digital.
So, I don't know. It's kind of cool.
Well, this is a game whose manual I'd be curious to see what it looks like.
It's a game called Choaniki.
It's the sequel, I guess, or the prequel Choaniki Zero.
There have been a ton of Choaniki games.
Yes, but there's a new one coming out.
It's coming out to the PSP in spring of 2010.
It is coming out also as a download title because that's where all the PSP titles are going now.
And, by the way, this is coming out here in the U.S.
This is being localized.
By whom is it being localized?
Some brave, brave soul.
To be honest, I think Ax-AK-Sis is the name of the company.
Ax-Sis Game Localization.
The company I was talking about that localizes obscure shit.
Hello, this would be a perfect candidate.
This would be a perfect candidate because, honestly, like seriously.
It was so funny to see, you know, going back.
I'm picking on Joystiq a little bit when they were kind enough to run our article first.
But I have to say this.
It was so funny to see that whole little like Debbie Downer paragraph at the end about,
well, it would be a shame to see them localize this and lose money on it.
And then like not even a day later, here's a story.
Choaniki Zero being localized for the U.S. as if there's an audience for this.
Because a lot of people look at this and go L-O-L-W-T-F because, yes, if you don't already know,
it's all about like muscle bound guys wearing thong and all this muscle man-tastic voyage, I believe,
that press relief Steven said about it.
I mean this is a ludicrous freaking game.
Yet it's getting localized and it's coming out of here.
And the SNES one came out in Virtual Console.
And don't get me wrong.
I'm all for this kind of like weird shit coming out and I might even like check it out.
Especially if there's a demo for me to play.
You know, it's something different.
It certainly stands out from the countless other shooters I've seen.
But it is a little weird.
But there's an audience for this.
So I just can't, it's funny to me that there's an audience for this.
Yet President Cat, you know, doesn't apparently have an audience over here.
And it's going to end up in bargain bins across America.
So it's just interesting.
So yeah, as Loki said, there's your perfect candidate company for someone to bring the kitty cat games over with.
We'll see.
Well, how about something that is no surprise to anybody?
What's that?
Microsoft has poo-pooed on any thoughts of having Blu-ray on Xbox 360.
Which we sort of knew.
But they were talking about, Microsoft was actually talking about Blu-ray accessories for the PC.
But not for the Xbox 360.
Yeah, I think some interview that some dude did with some website earlier this week.
Isn't that so professional? Some dude at some website.
It's pretty much the boss, Steve Ballmer, said uh-uh.
But a lot of people interpreted him to say that these Blu-ray, oh Blu-ray for Xbox 360, imminent.
I saw that all over Twitter that night.
Blu-rays coming to Xbox 360.
That was me rolling my eyes and going, no.
Yeah.
Why would Microsoft put out a Sony product especially?
And you know they kind of make a good point.
And it's funny enough because yet again, here's something we just talked about two weeks ago on the show or even last week.
I think before all that cat madness started, we were talking about how, you know, one thing that Sony has that Microsoft doesn't have is Blu-ray.
And if Microsoft was smart, they would be selling the streaming video, the Netflix.
And sure enough, when they kind of backpedaled on what the dude had said earlier in the week.
They said, hey, we're going to be the only system with streaming 1080p very soon.
So they're kind of saying, you don't need Blu-ray when you have streaming video.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I like the Netflix Instant Q stuff.
I like Netflix Instant Q, but at the same time, I'm very proud this week of one of my purchases.
I bought the box collection of the Star Trek Next Generation movies.
That's right, all four movies with Captain Picard and a bonus disc.
I'm very excited.
On Blu-ray.
And that's not something I would have wanted to download.
So you're bringing that over, right?
We could totally have a Nerdathon.
I am all over.
I actually haven't seen Insurrection.
What?
And I've got it on Laserdisc, I think.
Oh my gosh, we should totally have a Blu-ray Next Genathon.
No, I have first contact on Laserdisc.
Can we drink?
Sure.
Awesome.
We're going to have a nerdy slumber party.
I like Booz Mahal.
It'll be awesome.
Anyhow, I don't know how we got off topic.
But for me, it's kind of the same thing going back to the story we were talking about earlier
with the games being printed on demand.
I would not have downloaded the Star Trek collection.
And even though I could probably get a lot of these on Instant Netflix,
it's just not the same as having the collection in your house anytime you want, put in the disc.
Yeah, but it's easier for me to watch stuff on my computer.
Is it just me or Blu-rays seeming to get a little cheaper?
They're getting a little cheaper, not much.
You're finding used ones more often.
And I'm finding a lot of sales now.
I'm seeing a lot of Blu-rays.
I was at Best Buy this week.
One game I didn't talk about during my gaming week,
because we've talked about it at length the past couple weeks,
I finally played the DJ Hero demo.
Loki's had DJ Hero here the past couple weeks,
but he's always been the one playing it because he knows what he's doing.
I finally got my hands on it this week, and that was fun.
I was at Best Buy, and I was looking at Blu-rays.
They had a lot of Blu-rays available for $10, $15.
So they're starting to come the way of DVDs.
They're still a little more expensive than DVDs.
You can get DVDs for $4 at Walmart,
but they're coming down a little bit, which is nice.
All right.
Let's move on with some more gaming news.
We'll get to release dates very soon
and see if there's anything wacky coming out this week.
But first, some more news.
Yeah, and I don't know about another president, Kat.
Yeah, I'm all campaigned out.
So Xbox Live, the preview for the new fall update,
they have sent out their first Wave 1 invites.
In fact, actually, I got one of those, so I have the new update.
I haven't gotten a chance to play with a lot of the stuff on there,
but I did do the Twitter thing,
and the problem I see is I don't think I'm going to use half this stuff.
I mean, the Twitter and the Facebook stuff, it's neat.
Do you know how many tweets I saw this week that were,
hey, I'm posting from my 360? I'm just like, eye roll.
Like, we totally saw this coming.
Everybody's going to have to do that mandatory tweet.
Hey, guys, I got in the preview program.
Here's my tweet from the 360.
Hey, I want to tell you guys a secret.
Almost everybody who signs up for these preview programs gets in.
You know why?
Because it's Microsoft's little way now.
Do you remember when their system crashed a couple of years ago
when they rolled out one of these updates
because everybody was freaking downloading it at once?
This little preview program is their way of doing a rolling release
for these updates.
Except they're going to have to re-download it.
It's not the full thing.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
Interesting.
Because the music store isn't working yet.
Well, they have Lips on there, and that's it.
But yeah, so apparently a lot of people got in on it,
and they did have a lot of cool stuff in there.
Of course, if you're in the UK, you got to check out the Skyplayer
and that kind of thing.
Over here in North America, they had, of course, the Last.fm,
Facebook.
Did you check out the Last.fm by chance?
No, I haven't.
That's the one thing I am kind of curious about,
because I am a Last.fm user.
I prefer it to Pandora and the other services available out there.
I think they're great,
because the way it kind of syncs up with your iPod and everything
with the Scrobbler,
and the recommendations have been, for the most part, pretty good.
So I'm really curious to see what the Last.fm does,
if I can play them during my games or what.
Maybe somebody in chat who's in the preview program can clue me in.
It would be cool if you can,
because I've done a little bit of custom soundtrack stuff.
There's not a lot of games that use it quite right.
Like Grand Theft Auto, for example,
when you just play it, it just plays over everything,
and it's kind of annoying, because it doesn't just play
when you get in a car or something like that,
which is disappointing.
I don't know.
It's neat.
I'll probably get a chance to play with a little bit more of it this week.
I just kind of like,
oh, look, hey, it downloaded, and, you know,
oh, okay, try the tweet.
Okay, I'm going to bed.
You know, and that was it.
The chat room is confirming for me,
DJ Dark Knight and Golden Anthro both saying
you can't play them with your games.
Last.fm does not work with your game.
Okay, that's lame.
Well, I guess it's the kind of thing that might be
background noise at parties or something,
or, you know, I could just turn on the Xbox in my living room,
because I don't have a computer in my living room,
and let's say maybe I'm cleaning or something
and I want to listen to synth pop while I do it,
I could bring up Last.fm, type in synth pop,
run it on my 360, and clean my living room.
Actually, okay, we all know it would be Spice Girls,
but, you know, I'm saying, whatever you want.
Synth pop and Spice Girls mixed together would be epic.
Very epic.
And Tiger Claw also confirms that the music stops playing
when you exit out of it.
So it sounds like it's kind of like an independent application,
kind of like Netflix is, basically.
Like, the movies stop when you leave Netflix.
Like, all the programs are kind of like that, too,
like, you know, the Twitter and stuff,
it kind of goes into its own program thing,
and then you actually back out to the main menu
when you're done.
Whatever, I mean, if I really am that desperate
to check, you know, Twitter and stuff,
I guess that would be handy.
It might be useful, like, if I, whatever,
go on the road or something like that
and I have my Xbox 360 and I don't have, like,
you know, my laptop or something like that,
that might be important.
It might be about, you know, hey, you know,
where are you guys going to be at this time,
or something like that.
You know, assuming that I don't have their cell phone number
or something like that, because I would just use my cell phone.
But, um, it might be neat.
But then again, after all this stuff is in here and stuff,
I have to wonder,
why the hell is there not an internet browser yet?
That is very, very good question.
That is one thing that Xbox is, like,
sorely lacking, and these are the people
that make Internet Explorer.
Why?
Is there not, unless,
you know, because Internet Explorer is,
you know, kind of a magnet for bugs
and all sorts of exploits and whatnot
that they're worried that somehow they're going to
find a way around.
Oh, people playing, like, emulated games,
like, Nintendo games in a Flash browser
or something, you know?
Is that what they're worried about, maybe?
Maybe. But I would think, though, with maybe Facebook
or something, you might be able to kind of exploit something, too.
You know, I never even thought to do that on the Playstation,
because the Playstation has a decent web browser.
But is it just me, or
are both the Playstation and the Wii
their web browsers? It's kind of clunky.
Like, they just don't work like it does on a computer.
And, I don't know,
especially when I'm using, like, the YouTube TV site,
like, they're so slow to load.
That's been the hang-up
of any type of web system
on a console.
I mean, really. You think, I mean,
but isn't the PS3 supposed to be a computer?
So they said, I think they did it
just for the tax cut, remember?
I guess. I don't know, they seem
a little clunky to me, because I love doing,
like, you know, you guys have been to my house,
and, you know, like, when I have a lot of
people over, we'll fire up YouTube
and watch funny things, and it's really good
to be able to do it on the Wii or the Playstation 3.
You know, I love that new YouTube channel,
but it's slow and clunky.
You know what I say, if you want to run anything off the internet
on your TV, build a multimedia
box.
I guess, but... Especially now with an HDTV,
it's so
cheap and
easy to do.
DJ Dark Knight does say in chat,
I do like how on Last.fm they do have
video game music stations. I wasn't aware of that.
That's kinda interesting.
So I'm gonna have to check this out. You know I'm going on, like,
60 days since I've played on Xbox 360.
I'm like, I've been all Playstation 3
lately, so...
Very interesting. Anyhow,
speaking of Playstation 3, I signed into home,
and there were, like, six requests to join our club,
so I approved them all, so if you want to join the
Sony home club
for Orange Lounge Radio, look for us on the
search and at us
before we fill up.
Moving on to another game
story about Fable 3.
Fable 3, a couple of things
about this. There will be an in-game
shop with microtransactions
in Fable 3. I'm sure this is
no surprise at all.
But what they're doing, they're kind of integrating this
in-game shop in the game world,
and you buy the download content in
this shop with the experience.
In other words,
you don't pop up a new screen that takes
you to the Xbox Live Marketplace.
In my mind, this is kind of similar to what Rock Band 2
did a little while ago. That's kind of
very integrated into the game, but of course
Rock Band's a very different type of game than
Fable 3, so it'll be interesting.
And they are saying
that possibly one idea
is that special weapons could sell
for $1.70.
This is starting to tread into dangerous
territory, though. I don't like the idea
that I could spend real money
at the touch of a button for
weapon upgrades.
I mean, this is starting to get a little cheap.
That's getting silly.
I'm sorry, here's my problem with it.
It's Fable 3, and I'm sorry.
Luckily for me,
I didn't play Fable 1. I played
Fable 2, and I learned my lesson
not to trust Peter Molyneaux for
crap, and I don't get it
because I really enjoyed Fable 2.
It was one of my favorite games that year it came out.
No, I got bored with it really fast.
That's where we have differing opinions
on Long Long Radio. Exactly, and Fable 3
I'm sorry, they're going to start doing this in the
tall stuff. They're going to have this
store in there, and yeah, I know I don't have to buy any
of this stuff, but
I'm just going to bypass the whole game altogether.
Unless there's something that's really
awesome that I must play in this.
I mean, I
guess it's where we're going to be going
with it. I mean, so...
It's the trend that's showing
up that I'm getting really nervous about.
But the bottom line is, if you don't like it, don't buy it.
Show them that you're not going to support it.
That's really what it boils down to in the end.
But it's just kind of sad that it's going there in the
first place. I'm still going to buy Fable 3. I loved
Fable 2, and the first Fable was good too.
You know, no matter what, I'm going to buy it,
but
this is a little ridiculous.
I'll just get my upgrades naturally. I know, I don't
like it for these
super great weapons
that you can, you know,
that are better than the ones you
get in the game normally. Like, if World of Warcraft
ever did this, this is what I'm really worried about,
is MMOs going this route where World of Warcraft
sells the Uber weapon.
Like, that'll be the day I leave World of Warcraft.
Because that's kind of bold that somebody would be able
to pay money and get the weapon.
Yeah, I agree. You know, although I
suppose one could argue they can do that now
and pay a gold farmer to buy the
crafted stuff, but... By the way,
something that didn't make our show this week, but I want to say
it really quick, because I want to applaud Blizzard,
finally kind of did a little campaign
against gold sellers this week, and basically
coming out and saying, look, if you support gold selling,
you are supporting the hacking of people's
accounts. You know, you're supporting all this stuff.
Did I even talk about on this show
that my WoW account was hacked a couple weeks ago?
Did I? Okay. And it sucks.
It totally sucks when something like that happens.
So, I totally agree with their stance.
If you buy gold online, you suck.
Because you're supporting
this practice of
hacking accounts like mine, and supporting
keyloggers and funding this,
basically. So, don't buy gold
online.
One other thing I wanted to state, although
Matt kind of stated it. It was circulated also
this week. Project Natal will be
supported in Fable 3. That, of course, should come
as no surprise at all, since
Peter Molyneux was, of course, out there
at E3 this year, kind of,
you know, promoting Project
Natal, but there will be support for it in Fable 3.
What will it do?
I don't know.
Wait until the game comes out.
That's what it does.
I don't know.
Well, you know, there's something else going on
that's, I think, a little stinky.
Very much like the weapon upgrade business.
And that's, um,
there's a game that's called
Parachute Panic that's on
iPhone and iPod Touch.
And, achoo!
And achoo! And I'm allergic to it.
Um, actually, there's dust in the room.
Um, but now you, um,
on the last version that came out,
you can pay 99 cents to unlock
another five lives.
And it's a 99 cent game already.
So, I mean,
you can just
do it in-game, but for the impatient
people who want more lives, then
you just pay for it. I think it's kind of stupid.
And,
this is, again,
this kind of goes right in line with the Fable 3 story.
You know, it's paying for
something that,
kind of a cheap upgrade
in the game, I guess. But,
if you don't like it, don't buy it.
It's a crappy precedent to be setting.
Because, unfortunately,
if one person buys it,
they're like, hey, that's a dollar I didn't have before
to sell something like this.
No, I agree. I think it's really just
encouraging gamer laziness,
really.
It's kind of like EA and their cheat codes, remember?
Stuff that normally would be in a game for free.
You can sell it for two bucks.
Win-win.
I'm not,
I don't have as much of a problem with it
if it's something that you can achieve in the game
otherwise, especially single player.
Keep in mind when I ranted about, wow,
that's a multiplayer experience,
and much different. But a single player
game, you know what, if you want to use
cheats to your heart's content
in a single player game, where you're not
interacting with other people going online or what have you,
go for it. And if you want to pay two bucks
because you're too lazy to get it yourself, fine.
But as long as the option
is there for you to still get it yourself
and work towards it, I think it's okay.
It's just not something I would probably do.
I think it's more fun if you,
you know, I think anything worth having is worth
working for. Even if
it's in a game or not.
I am behind on some chat room
comments, so I want to read some comments from our chat room.
chat.orangelaungeradio.com
Salacious Pop says,
it could just be rose colored glasses
but Dreamcast's browser was pretty good.
Kind of going back a ways back.
Actually, yeah, it was decent. For the time.
You know, you have to kind of say, okay, well,
you know, that was 1999, this is
before kind of web browsers were
standard like that. What did Dreamcast browser
have to compete with? Web TV?
Yeah. So yeah, I think for its time,
it was certainly pretty good.
Let's see, Reddertainment says, the store
in Fable 3 will be good, but the store in Fable 4
will be awesome.
Let's hope that it's not more of this
technical and diming stuff, but I'm sure it will be.
Also a question from
Reddertainment, if Natal gets delayed,
will Fable 3 get delayed?
And Seg replies with his thought,
maybe not, unless Microsoft wants it as a
launch product. I assume Fable 3 is an
add-on support for Natal rather than a
requirement. So I guess, yeah,
that's a good thought. It depends on how much Natal
is integrated into this game. If it's like
a required part of the game, then
yeah, Natal delay is going to affect the game,
but if it's just kind of a
bonus little game or a bonus
little quest, then maybe not.
I could see that kind of being the case, is that
there's a download expansion that uses Natal
or something like that. It'll be kind of
interesting, I suppose.
So, alright.
Well, moving right along
into some release dates. Loki,
take us through the US releases this week.
Yeah, lots of good stuff this week. Of course,
we were talking about DJ Hero
earlier, and
that will be making its way out this week
on all four systems, and of course, the
Renegade Edition coming out on
the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360,
and the Wii. Also,
coming out this week, we've got
Tekken 6 on PlayStation
3 and Xbox 360,
as well as the Fight Stick bundles for those.
Hasbro Family
Game Night 2 on
the DS and on the Wii.
World of Zoo
coming out this week on the Wii and DS.
SpongeBob's Truth
or Square on DS, Xbox
360, and the Wii.
We've also got...
probably not from any of our listeners,
but Nihau, Kylan,
Super Game Day on the Wii
for your Nick Jr. fans.
You read a lot of game releases that
I don't think a single one of OLR listeners
care about. Hey, they may have kids that watch Nick Jr.
and that is important. Just saying.
Just saying. Also, the Backyard
Again is another Nick Jr. program.
Nerf
N-Strike Elite
with the scope
that's going to be coming out in a bundle for the Wii.
Borderlands on PC
also making its way out this week.
RE Smarter than a Fifth Grader Game Time
on the Wii and DS
and Xbox 360.
Pets, Dolphins,
and Counters on the DS.
Once again, another game series that puts
out tons of games and I'm sure they don't
sell very well, but hey, you know what?
They're putting them out and people pick them up.
Barbie and the
Three Musketeers on DS and Wii.
Monster
4x4 Stunt Racer
with a pack-in wheel
coming to the Wii.
Drawn to Life, the next chapter, also on Wii
and DS this time.
Diner Dash Flow on the Go
is still the best title for the DS
title. Wow.
I know.
I was just here going, uh...
Some ladies might have to make a dash out of the diner
with Flow on the Go.
No one wants Flow on the Go.
That's always a bad thing.
Ben 10, Alien Force, Vilgax Attacks
on Playstation 2, Wii, and
DS and PSP.
Forza
Motorsport 3 on
Xbox 360.
CSI Deadly Intent on
DS and Wii.
I think PS3 and Xbox 360 as well.
This one's for Rob.
Press Your Luck 2010
coming out on PC, Wii, and
I believe
DS as well.
But if it's not Peter Tamarkin, then I don't give a crap
and I don't see how that'll be possible because he's
kinda dead.
What's his name?
Todd Newton. Can't stand him.
He's like the worst game show host ever.
Reanimation. Ruined Whammy.
And going back to the roots of this show, Dance Dance Revolution
Hot Party 3 making its way out
from Konami. Of course, all these
games now kinda blend together because they all
kinda suck.
I believe also
kinda go with that. DDRX2
will be coming out as well in the bundle
on Playstation 2. They only sell these
games in a bundle now because they want you to buy those
crappy dance pads to go with them.
And Hamster
or Pets Hamster's Bunch
on PSP because god forbid
if the PSP be devoid of
crappy pet games.
And
Dream Salon on DS.
Now that's gonna be crap.
And finally, stuff coming out a week
from now.
Rabbids Go Home would be
the last. Oh, Ratchet and Clank
Crack in Time. That's another title that'll be coming out
this week as well. I gotta read some comments
from chat. If you're done. I'm done.
Dart Tetsuya says, Sky, three words.
Zombie Peter Tamarkin.
Awesome.
Let's see, what else was said here? Oh, Salacious
Pop says, I'd play a Nick Jr.
Eureka's Castle FPS.
Hell yeah.
Where are the, yeah, exactly, where are the
Nickelodeon games for me?
Screw the children.
I want my Nickelodeon games.
Like, for instance, can I get like a
you can't do that on television minigame collection?
Or like,
Hey dude. Hey dude, explore the ranch
game. Or
Salute your shorts. Salute your shorts.
You know, are you afraid of the dark?
The best episode of Salute your shorts
had to have been was at the
water balloon capture the flag
episode. My favorite.
Thank you, Seg.
Legends of the Hidden Temple.
Guts. Actually, they did have a Guts game
on Super Nintendo, didn't they? Nick Arcade.
Yeah, I know. How about reviving one of these
old, like, classic frickin'
for all I care, do a fucking
today's special video game. I don't care.
Just give me something I remember from my childhood.
David the Gnome.
The Gnome was great. Turkey Television.
Tell me
you wouldn't play a Turkey Television, like, shooting
game. It'd be amazing.
Well, they do have Chicken Shoot. That's kinda close.
I guess so.
Alright, let's go to Japanese release dates.
Is there anything that's gonna make us go
crazy this week? Probably
not, because Japan's getting a lot of the titles that are
big and expected for us over here
this week. And Japanese releases this week on the
Xbox 360. Bayonetta makes its way
to the Xbox 360
on October 29th, as well as Tekken 6.
Of course, it's a big deal over there, just
as it is over here. Those both coming out to
the Xbox 360. And, of course, just in time
for Tekken 6, another hoary
arcade stick with the Tekken 6 design on it.
If you'd care to import one
of those from Japan. Or you can just get them here
in the bundle. Fine. Or on
the PlayStation 3, you could get a Bayonetta
there, or the, again, Tekken
6. There's also a game getting a price
reduction. That's Samurai Dou 3
Plus getting a price reduction this week.
So those are the big releases on the
360 PS3 combo.
Now, dipping into Nintendo Wii, we have some
different alternate titles. Another Dragon
Ball title. I'm sorry, that's
a US date. Chin Sports makes its
way to Japan. This is kind of
a mini-game collection that's wacky and weird
sports. This is the one that has
the Extreme Ironing. I think we talked
about this on the show. Oh, Wacky World of Sports? Yeah, remember we talked about, I think
this came up on the show a few weeks ago. It came out last month.
Yeah, for here in the US.
The Japanese are getting their own version
of that. Probably what people
care a little more about would be Sin and Punishment 2.
That is finally being released on the Nintendo Wii
this week. Super Robot
Taisen Nioh comes out as well, because there
just wasn't enough Super Robot
Taisen games. So another one is coming
out on the Wii this week. Heading on over to
the DS and looking at some of the games coming out
there on the DS,
we have Hakari No. 4 Senshi
Final Fantasy Gaiden comes
out on the DS. So yes, this is from
Squeenix. It's that Final Fantasy
DS title that doesn't look very
Final Fantasy to me at all. It's kind of like
a spin-off game. In this game, you try
to defeat the Witch of the North. That's what a Gaiden is
as a side story. Yeah, and it's
that same style of like Final Fantasy
3 DS and the Final Fantasy 12
spin-off game, but don't expect
it to play like
your other Final Fantasy games. It's a little bit
different.
You know what I miss as far as Final Fantasy
spin-off games go? You know what my favorite,
like seriously, my favorite Final Fantasy
spin-off game was? Tease me all you want.
I fucking love Chocobo Racing.
That game is amazing. No, I know
a lot of people who love that one. I wish they would make another
one. I love that game.
It was perfect for the Wii.
Or give me my extreme
Chocobo Racing on the PlayStation 3
just in time for Final Fantasy 13.
You know, you reminded me, I forgot two major
titles and I don't understand how I did that.
Fairy Tail Fights is coming out on Xbox 360
and PlayStation 3. Dude, how
did I forget this? Grand Theft Auto Episodes of
Liberty City on Xbox 360
this week. Fail. Cause I think most people think
of that as a download title.
It's still gonna be awesome.
Fairy Tail Fighters, is that what it
sounds like? No, Fairy Tail Fights. Think of it
as like, um,
Castle Crashers but with Fairy Tail characters.
It's brutal. It's like
blood and guts everywhere. Oh, you talked about this on a
previous show. This sounded awesome.
I'm gonna have to check that out. Is it
cheap or is it like 60 bucks? I think it's
like 50. I'll wait
for the bargain bin cause that's...
You wanna talk about a game that'll end up in the bargain bin?
Let's see. We can't really sell
this game to children and adults
probably won't take it very seriously either.
Uh, we could market this to the people
that bought the Red Riding Hood Zombie game
on the DS. That's probably
the target market for this.
It's gotta be the same company, right?
Nope. Right? That was Zoo
Games. It did, um,
Red Riding Hood
Zombie BBQ. Yeah,
that was it. That was the best name ever, by the way. That was an awesome game.
I played it at PAX, I think. It was either PAX
or E3. Uh,
it was PAX.
Um,
and SalaciousPop reminded me
in chat there saying I only got maybe
seven to eight hours in the Tactics titles.
I suppose Final Fantasy Tactics is a pretty notable
spinoff of the Final Fantasy series. Yeah.
But you know what's sad? I probably spent
more time playing Chocobo Racing than the Final
Fantasy Tactics games.
That's for sure. Uh,
specifically I wanted to mention on the PSP just because
I think this name is hilarious. It's
R-Type Tactics 2. Yes,
the R-Type Tactical game, remember that,
is actually getting a sequel. And the
sequel is called Operation
Bitter Chocolate.
I can't make that up. That is the real name of the game.
Operation Bitter Chocolate.
So would that be Dark Chocolate? Baker's Chocolate?
I don't know. It's just...
That's what it's called. Operation Semi-Sweet
Chocolate. With a little bit of nuts.
Operation... I don't get it.
Couple more news stories for you
guys right after the UK
releases. That's right. On the
29th we have Grand Theft Auto 4, The Ballad
of Gay Tony. On the 30th we
have Aggress Generations of War
Borderlands, DJ Hero
Fallout 3 Game of the Year edition,
Football Manager 2010,
Tekken 6, Feel,
that sounds dirty, Wii Fit
Plus, and Yoga for Wii.
Alright, we're gonna
get to the Classic Game of the Week very, very
soon here, but just two more stories for you guys
real quick, and then the break, and then our interview
with our pal Seg about
Unloud right after the break tonight.
You know, since we
were talking a little bit about
Fairytale Fights, they did have an achievement at one
point for killing children in this.
So not to be outdone, of course,
Dante's Inferno, the game
full of great ideas and awesome
promotions,
is now getting some
flak for
an achievement called Bad Nanny.
And this achievement
is... You've been a very bad
nanny, I can just see a super nanny.
This achievement is... You need to go and
sit on the naughty step.
You've been very naughty.
Apparently this achievement is for killing unbaptized
babies in the game.
But they're demon babies,
they're in hell, okay? Oh, well that makes it okay.
They're demon babies, but apparently, you know,
the International
Nanny Association, I
can't make that up, has
released a statement saying
that it's an offense to our
association.
Do they not have
a sense of humor? I mean, this isn't saying
that, you know, Bad
International Nanny Association
or something like that. My mom was
a nanny, actually, for many, many years,
and I can verify they do not have a sense
of humor. Actually,
my mom's hilarious, but I don't think she'd find that
funny. Your mom's a hoot.
It's a video game about
hell. I mean, they've got walls
made out of writhing naked people.
I mean, this isn't exactly,
this isn't saying you should go kill babies.
Just demon babies.
Are you saying we should go kill babies?
Demon babies, okay?
I mean, look at Silent Hill with the
smoke babies. I mean, yes, you need to kill
them because they're not human.
They're trying to eat you.
Or something.
Cats aren't human. Do you kill them?
No, I don't kill them.
But they're not demon babies, either.
Well, sometimes they are, but
most of the time, they're not.
Comment from xlink in chat chat
dot orange orange radio dot com. They say no to
this, but you can shoot kids in Fallout 3.
Hmm.
Those kids had it
coming.
Shut up.
Alright, speaking of things, I told you
we're coming before too long on a completely
different note. Remember when I said
don't discount Facebook gaming?
Uh oh.
There is a big, big new game coming to
Facebook. Civilization Network
has been announced for Facebook, and in my opinion,
this is huge, because this is
what it sounds like. It is a major
PC beloved franchise
colliding with the world of Facebook
games, and some of you are preparing your
block application thing on Facebook right
now, which, by the way, tangent warning.
What the hell is up with those changes
on Facebook?
What changes?
Ok, now they've changed it, so when you log in, you get
like a news feed that seems to be like a
random sampling of the stuff that you would see
before, like the popular stories.
If you want to see the live feed, you have to
click into that, but now the live feed
shows not just people's updates, but like
who became friends with who,
and all this stuff that you really don't want to see.
All the stuff we don't care about.
Yay, more stuff we get to block.
But you can't block it, because if you block it, then
you block the person that did the friending.
So yeah, Facebook didn't think that one through.
I know, exactly, Facebook didn't think that one through very well.
Anyhow, sorry, I digress.
Civilization Network is making its way
to Facebook, and it's supposed to be out sometime
in 2010. There's actually a
Facebook page already set up.
It's on facebook.com
slash civnetwork, C-I-V
network, and they're going to be on the
lookout for beta testers very soon.
Sid Meier himself has said that the
game will offer everything that people
love about Civ in a quote
fully persistent environment.
Best of all, the game
will be free.
I like free.
Brian Reynolds, who is behind Civilization 2
and Alpha Centauri, has
the job of chief designer at
the social gaming developer site
Zynga. It's kind of an interesting
little coincidence. He has nothing to do with this game,
but it's interesting
that he did so much with that now he's at this
other company, so you think maybe old friends maybe
got together at dinner talking about this, who knows.
But Facebook
gaming dude, it's
coming. This is going to be something we're going to
see in the next few months, just get bigger and bigger.
Yep.
Alright, now we're going to get into a section of the show
that we like to get into every week. It's a section
for Dark Sakura to open up the gaming vault
and take a travel through
gaming's past. It's a segment we call
the Classic Game of the
Week. Dark Sakura, what video game do
you think the kids should be playing this week?
For those in the US,
it is Galactic Attack.
It has been
known by many other names.
In
Japan, in the arcade, it was called
Ray Force, but because of licensing
it came out as a layer section
on the Saturn. We got it
as Galactic Attack, and in Europe they got it
as Gun Lock. But it is
in the Ray
series, Ray Force, Ray
Storm, and Ray Crisis.
It's a pretty freaking amazing shooting
game.
I love the way that it plays because
not only do you have the stuff coming from you
from right above, you also target
below your ship
and can launch
missiles at targets in the
background, or as it should be
toward the bottom.
Do you want to add something to that?
No, unless you want to hear some of the
lovely little shooting sound effects here.
At least it's good.
Definitely sounds like a shooting game.
Bullets, bullets, and more bullets.
It really is. It is
just one of the
regular old
shooting games.
I think it's one of Taito's best.
I love the entire
series.
Ray Storm and Ray Crisis
were fantastic, but
this, to me, I think is what really
gave it to us.
It's, to this day, one of my favorite
shooters and one of the reasons to have
a rotating widescreen monitor.
That's it.
Alright.
So there it is, your classic game of the week.
It goes by several different names, right?
We have Galactic Attack in the US.
Gunlock in Europe.
Layer Section for the Japanese
home version, and in the arcade
it was Ray Storm.
Why couldn't they just pick one name?
Because of licensing.
It was fully licensing.
Alright, well there you have it, your classic game of the week.
Many, many different names
for that one. Check it out on
the Sega Saturn. Jamie loves
her Sega games. Yes, she does.
I sure do. Alright.
Well, that's going to do it for this part A of our podcast,
but don't go anywhere. We're going to be right back
with plenty more in part B. We have a lot
coming up on deck in part B tonight. Not only do we
have some news, some
quick little stories here about what's coming out
on Rock Band and Xbox Live, and
some news on Star Trek Online,
and Beatles Rock Band, and so forth.
But we have an interview coming up. Our pal
Seg is the man behind a charity
event coming up in the Bay Area very soon
known as Umlaud.
And we're going to be talking to him about what's going to go down
in December, just a few weeks away
if you can believe it. The year's almost up.
But it's all for a great cause. We're going to talk to Seg
all about it right after this quick break.
So don't go anywhere. We'll be right back with more
of Orange Lounge Radio.
It's allgamesradio.com. That's how I usually
go in there. Or there's also a
radio app that you can get on your iPhone if you just
search for All Games in the store. They are the
folks who we steal our bandwidth from every week.
And we really, really appreciate
it. So anyway, we're going to move into
something a little different here. Usually we'll be doing
Twitter topics about now, but we're actually going to invite
a friend of the program on the show.
And he goes by Seg online, but his name is
John Segerson. He actually goes by the
nickname Seg. And he is one of the minds behind
Umlaud, which is a charity event that
is happening in San Francisco at the DNA
Lounge Wednesday, December 9th
of this year, 7 p.m.
to 2 a.m. It is a rock band
event for Child's Play charity.
And, you know, we like to talk about
charity events and gamers doing
good things. So we're going to give Seg a call
and get him on the show to talk
to us a little bit about Umlaud.
So we're going to go ahead and
ring him up on Skype right now
and see what happens.
Hello, Orange Lounge Radio.
Seg, how are you? I'm doing
fabulous yourself. We're very good.
Hey, thank you so much for being here live tonight.
You know, a little secret of Orange Lounge Radio,
most of our interviews are not done live, but
you were good enough to actually be here live during the
show tonight and be with us live.
So thank you very much. No, no, no.
Thank you for having us. You know,
it's, we
have a great event that we want to share with people
and we want to make sure everyone knows about it.
Alright, well tell us all about it. I'm going to start off
what is Umlaud?
It's an Umlaud,
or Umlaud, but louder.
It's a charity
event for Child's Play
charity, which provides
video games, toys, and other financial support
to children's hospitals around the globe.
And our event
is we play
Rock Band as
a catalyst for
people donating money to Child's Play.
But now, is
Rock Band the only thing that's going on at this event
or is this kind of like just a big party where Rock Band's
kind of in the corner? How does this work?
Well, actually, this is going to be
a very different
kind of Rock Band night than
most Rock Band
nights. I mean, usually when people go out
to do Rock Band
at like a bar or something, you know, it's there, but it's
you know, it's just everyone playing
to a projector and all that.
We're doing something a little bit
more.
We'll have one area
of just regular Rock Band play,
no fuss or anything, in the upstairs
lounge area. But
for the main event,
you're playing Rock Band on
the DNA lounge
stage, a San Francisco concert
venue. And you'll be performing
Rock Band as a band
on a concert stage to an audience.
So it's more than just
just playing Rock Band to the projector
and all that. You're actually, you are
putting on a
rock concert
for people. And
depending on what kind of
band package you donate to,
you can really get the
ultimate rock concert performance
experience with the lighting, band
introduction, the whole nine yards.
Tell us a little more about some of these different experiences
that, you know, Rock Band
wannabes or however you want to phrase it,
because you talk about how you can
actually get up on a real stage that
quote unquote real bands are performed
up on. I mean, is that something that's
accessible to everybody, or what are the different options
for my band to showcase at this event?
So, first of all,
I do want to say that we do have two
stages, and one stage is free for
anybody to show up, and we'll get in a little
later of
what everybody can do.
But if you and three of
your friends really want
to perform on the main stage,
we have two
packages to perform on the main stage.
There's a standard band package,
which we're going to
ask for a $40 donation,
but if you order online, it's $35.
And that's the whole band.
So if you split that up to four people,
that's $8.75
a person.
And for the standard band package, you get to
play on the stage. You just
play on the stage regularly, but you're still playing
to the crowd on a major San Francisco
stage. Now if you want to rock
harder,
that's where our ultimate band package comes in.
If you want to put some extra oomph in your oomph
loud. Exactly.
And we're asking
for $120
for the donation, but again, that's the band
package, so it amounts to $30. And you get
a little bit,
you get more into it
with this package, where
you first get to reserve
your song ahead of time, and we are going to have
a rule with just the main stage
that once a song's
played, it's not going to be played again.
And we're doing that
because we will have
every
song on rock band
available. Nice. We actually partnered
up with Harmonix with this, and they will be
providing
stuff that can be played on rock
band two, but all of it.
So there's those few
songs on rock band one
that won't be included.
And Beatles doesn't count for
the main stage, because it's just hard to
get people through without
switching discs. Yeah, you don't want to have to switch discs all the time.
That makes sense. Is it still like, what, a thousand songs
to pick from? Yeah, it's about a thousand
songs, you know. So
we feel we're comfortable in doing this because
it'd be pretty lame to have the same
song played
again. So if you're
in the ultimate band package, you get to reserve it ahead of time.
So that's
one thing. You also
get, each member of your band
will get lanyards,
you know, that sort of VIP pass
thing.
That's a nice little take-home memento. You also
get, you'll get a gift bag for each
band member,
four bags.
And when you're about
to go on stage, you'll be introduced as your
band. You have to pick a name for your band, and we'll make
an introduction for you.
And we get
the lighting guy involved, and it
just really makes it
the kind of experience you
really can't
get anywhere with it. Did you get the rock band
Fog Machine? Who needs the
Fog Machine? You'll have the full
lighting setup of the
DNA Lounges concert
venue stage. I guess true enough.
You get industrial strength.
Yes, you get the industrial strength
concert. Fair enough, fair enough.
And for those folks that are thinking, oh my gosh,
$120, that's a lot of money, keep in mind
this is, you know, a
once in a, you know, never
type experience that you can get getting a play on the
stage, and B, the fact that it's
going to charity. I mean, it's not like going in
Sake's pocket, it's going to a great charity.
Yes, it's going to Child's Play.
We really want to stress that this
is a donation, and
we are, the
money that you give is going to
Child's Play.
So it's, you know, I mean,
if you stood back and just saw it as
the value of just like, what would I pay
just to play rock band? It's, you're
kind of thinking it a little
wrong in this context. This is
a donation to which we are
thanking you by giving you this experience.
And plus it's just a chance to kind of get together
with other nerds and have a good time. Yes, exactly.
Now, here's the thing, is this because
it's a rock concert, is it 18 up,
21 and up, or? No, it is an all
ages show at DNA Lounge.
Yeah, we like to
say it's T for teen and that, you know,
we don't want people to think that
because it's for Child's
Play charity that it's for little kids.
True. Just, you know, but it's
an all ages show. Because if someone gets up
on stage and doesn't censor the lyrics
to a song that may have the F word in it, you
don't want no one to get offended. Yeah.
But it's all in good fun.
But let me talk about, you know, I've been talking
about the band packages, which is definitely the
higher end stuff. Please do.
But I really,
for people who don't, you know, don't
want to perform and all that,
it is a free
event. We won't turn
anyone away if they don't pay at the door.
We are asking for a $10
donation because
this is a charity event.
But no one will be turned
away. And even if you don't
do the donation, you will get two
raffle tickets for our prize
raffle. And our prize raffle
is stuff that we've been
that
my co-words Chris
Fuller, Joe Marquette, have been
collecting throughout
the year of all this swag and all this stuff
and they've been piling up in their
apartments. And we're going to
give the stuff away as prizes
in this free raffle.
So there's a lot of incentive there.
And actually Chris is doing
a prize a day on our blog at
umloud.org
that's umloud.org
where he'll take a
photo of some of the things that he'll have
and post it so you can see
the kinds of things that we'll be
giving away on that night.
Now I know this is an event
that's being hosted at the DNA Lounge which is
on 11th Street in San Francisco and again
the date and time if you missed it, December 9th, 2009
that's a Wednesday, 7 p.m.
till 2 a.m. like most bars are open till
2 a.m. But what if
we have listeners all over the globe really?
How can people help out if they can't
be there in San Francisco on that night?
Yes, I know
our event is around San Francisco
and all that, but if you can't make it to San Francisco
or any of the other
kinds of events that are
happening, please
consider a donation to
Child's Play Charity.
Just go directly to them.
They're childsplaycharity.org
and just consider
a donation direct to them.
We're doing this thing here in San Francisco
because of the success of
Fundrazer last year and a lot of
people liked it and it's the kind of thing that we know
that a lot of
people come to and we want to
facilitate that, but what we're really
here is to show
to create
awareness to Child's Play Charity
as a whole and this is
one micro chasm of the
many things going on in the gaming
community to help Child's
Play Charity. Well I think it's a
great cause and it's a really fun event and you know
if nothing else, even if people are like shy
you know one thing that should be said is that
this isn't just for people
that love attention of getting up on stage and all
that. If you just kind of want to come hang with
cool people, come to this event
because I'm going to be there and I believe
Dark Soccer is going to be there and we're trying to
get Loki there so hopefully we'll all be there
so come hang with us. Yes and we'll definitely have
more, I mean there's stuff that we're
working on and I can't really put on, you know
say right now, but don't feel
that just because you didn't pay
for, you know you didn't get the package
the band package thing that there's nothing
for you. There will be plenty
of things for you to do. You will have a good time
just showing up so please
please come by
we'd love to have you
it's again for
all the information of this, there are many
other things, please come to our website
umloud.org
that's u-m-l-o-u-d.org
and we hope to see you there.
And I just wanted to mention this real quick
I'm kind of glancing through chat here and I see Tiger
Claw in chat says something about DNA
Lounge seems to have like a live
video stream? Oh yes
that's right, yes there will be a live video stream
that will be turned on
during our events so
you can also see us
rock out, all the
bands, it's
going to be centered on the main stage
I believe and you
can view it from anywhere
during the night as well. Oh well now we
have to figure out a way to get up on that main stage
so that the listeners around can see
it so we're going to have to try and get Loki there
if he can't make it we'll get some of our friends to come
so we can get our president cat
band up on stage
and do order soon because we only have
a limited amount of the band packages
so we really
if you really want to do
it, get on the boat soon
to do the band packages
we'll have a few of the standard on hand
but that's sort of our release valve
to make sure that everyone who's
paid for a package gets to play on the stage
and we're also increasing the price
a little more
on the night of for the standard band package
so if you really want to do that
if you think, if you
really
want to do this, please order
soon than later
Alright, so once again this is
Um Loud happening Wednesday
December 9th of this year 7pm
to 2am at the DNA Lounge on
11th Street in San Francisco
more information is available on their website
umloud.org that's u-m-l-o-u-d.org
and you guys
are on the Twitter and the Facebook and all those
fun spots too, right?
Yes, it's amazing how many
things can and cannot use the
Um Louded You
And that's so important for an event like this
It's so important
But don't worry, you don't have to figure out how to type it into your computer
to get to the website, just a normal You
Yes, a normal You will work
Alright, there you go. Seg, thank you so much
Best of luck with the event and we'll be there
Thank you guys, we had to rebrand this event
a week and a half ago
So
we really appreciate
any word coming out of this event
since it's a new name and everything
and we
will have a great event for you guys
to come
Alright, awesome, and hey, yeah, listeners, definitely follow these guys
on Facebook or Twitter, even if you're not in
San Francisco, you might have a friend
or relative or someone who likes
video games that might see you following
this and check it out
Get the word out about
Um Loud and a great event for
Child's Play Charity
Alright, Seg, thank you so much
Thank you, take care
That was our friend John
Segerson who goes by the
Monkier Seg online
putting on Um Loud
Sounds like a lot of fun, Jamie, I don't know about you
but I'm ready to turn it to 11 at this event
Let's go
We need to get mullet wigs
I'm all for dressing up
We need the rock mullet
Come on, buddy
We'll see if I can make it down there
Alright, alright, at least we got upgraded from
an I don't know to a we'll see
so that's usually good
Anyhow, we'll get to more Skype calls a little later on in the show
I want to thank our buddy Seg for tuning in live
and being here with us live
We've got plenty more show for you
including some rapid fire news and I believe
right into a story about rock band
some more songs you can play at this event
Exactly, some more songs you may be able to play
during the event
This week we're getting new tracks from Rob Zombie
and Wolf Mother
among other things
They've got a whole variety pack here
Looks like some morning wood tracks as well
Anyways, starting things off
Rob Zombie pack 1
which I got to say has got some sweet
songs in it, definitely something I'm going to be
purchasing
including Burn, Dragula, and Superbeast
It's about freaking time Dragula's in the game
Hell yes
What song are we going to sing?
That would be a perfect song
You want to do Dragula?
I can get up on there and do my best Rob Zombie
I'll have to get a big curly wig or something
We'll figure something out
Anyways, the Wolf Mother pack 1
is going to have five tracks
and that will include
New Moon Rising, Pilgrim, Sundial,
White Unicorn, and Woman
Finally, they have a few individual songs
including
Liz Fair, Rock Me, Morning Wood Best of Me
and Morning Wood
Sugar Baby
and each of those are available
Actually, the Morning Wood tracks are half off
so it's only a buck
or 80 Microsoft points
Everything else individually is
$1.99 or 200
Wii points or
160 Microsoft points
and of course the packs are a little bit cheaper
The Rob Zombie pack is $549
or 440 Microsoft points
680
Microsoft points for the Wolf Mother pack
or $849 in real money
and then of course the
PSP, they're getting
Sonic Youth, Cool Thing
and Stealing and My Old School
both of those for two bucks
and then they go along
with releases
Konami has confirmed that
they're going to be releasing a
port of Shadow of Destiny
which came out I believe on PlayStation 2
not too long ago
and
yeah
I guess it's nice to see them actually
putting out some new games and stuff
and the game is
I guess
comparing it to Groundhog Day
but I guess to the point where
the person dies
over and over and over again
I don't know, I remember it being a pretty decent game
when it came out on PlayStation 2
Alright, well speaking of release dates
it's not very often we're talking about a game coming out early
in fact this year it's been talking about all these games
getting delayed to 2010
but Need for Speed Nitro
that's the new Need for Speed entry on the Nintendo Wii and DS
has had its release bumped up
it was originally going to come out November 17th
but guess what, it's now coming out
November 3rd here in the US
and November 6th over in Europe
so it actually got out a little early
I actually checked this out at E3
it was pretty cool for a Wii game
I know that sounds kind of harsh
but usually when you think Need for Speed and racing games
you think, oh the top of the line graphics
you're not going to get that on the Wii
but it was a good arcade game
for arcade silly fun
it was pretty cool
it didn't really feel like other Need for Speed games to me
but maybe that's just me
on Xbox Live, Rainbow Islands
Towering Adventure is coming out on Xbox Live
yes, that would be Rainbow Islands
that game that was once inspired
by Bubble Bobble
it was kind of like a sequel to Bubble Bobble
it was a little different, it was still Bub and Bob
but they were shooting rainbows
although I noticed in the screenshots for this game
I don't see Bub and Bob
it's like a new little guy here
so this is some new little spinoff game
it's Rainbow Islands Towering Adventure
it is actually a port of a WiiWare game
that came out a little while ago
so it's coming out very, very soon
also for those who are in Europe
and can make it and are interested
there's some playable Star Trek Online
at Eurogamer Expo
they're almost out of tickets too
but that's on Wednesday the 28th
in Leeds
and yeah, they're almost sold out
but you can actually
play on one of the gaming PCs there
and
it's different level demos
you can do ship to ship and planet combat
and you can
shoot Klingons in space
and you can actually
I think play as Klingons
in that one too
and also you can go visit
the giant lopsided donut
I mean the Guardian of Forever
so, should be fun
and
Bayonetta
Bayonetta has done something major
it is the first Xbox 360 game
that got a perfect score from Famitsu
it got a perfect 40-40
although now Bayonetta is cross platform
it just happens that Xbox 360
is one of the platforms it's on, correct?
and also the better version
yeah, the other one got 38
oh, so they did review both
I didn't know that Famitsu did that
very interesting
well, there are, if you actually
look for movies on YouTube
of them side by side
you will see a noticeable difference
interesting, now Famitsu magazine
doesn't hand out 40s very often
although it seems like we've had a few of these stories
in the past few years
sometimes you kind of raise an eyebrow at the games they give 40s to
like, I believe Nintendogs was one of their 40 titles
but, you know, there's a lot of
really, really great games in the past
like Final Fantasy XII and so forth that got this as well
so it definitely is a distinction, I think only what a dozen games
in the history of the magazine have had it
I think so, Famitsu is really tough
so Bayonetta, getting that is a big, like, whoa
whoa, hello
well, I'm totally getting Bayonetta
at the game, or just
we're only hearing about the 40s right now
I think it's just the 40s so far
let me double check
Salacious Pop clarifies, by the way
they gave the PS3 version of 38 because the port
is muddy and bad, it looks brown
and is missing quite a bit of particles
ouch
yeah, they're not really saying why
but yeah, just seriously, look at them side by side
38's still not bad
that's why it's intense, it's like, oh, it's crappy
I think President Cat
got, what, like a 24
from Famitsu, but they're kind of
yeah, they're used to seeing these games a lot
too, I think it's a lot different for them
than it was for us, maybe like a generic party game
coming out over here on the Wii, I mean
those are, you know, a dime a dozen
whereas Cat Games, there's two
maybe a little bit more, but
about a handful
alright, moving on to
some more gaming news
and your phone calls a little later on tonight
in the mailbag, we still have that to get to
controller patent, this controller
looks odd
and, well, I guess it's
normal for them, since they have the Cosmic Ice Cream
cone, but this controller
looks like, it's like a cylinder with
the end cut off and four buttons on it
no word on what
the hell this is going to be used for, possibly
designed for their new remote
their motion controller device
sans
ice cream, I guess
but
this world looks like a sex toy
too, so, I don't know
uh, that sounds kinda gross
yeah
hmm
but, uh, so this is not like
these are actually coming
out, this is just a list of
this is what could have been, or what is this
it's a design, they may go with it
they may not go with it, it's just like, you know
Nintendo with their inflatable chair of
fun, you know, it might come out
it might not, it's just an idea
I thought everything was sold on the whole, like, lights thing
or the changing light dot
beam looking thing, now
I thought that's what we were going at
well, maybe they decided to change
the way they look, maybe the
maybe there's a light on here
that we don't see or something, I don't know
to me it looks like a plastic cylinder that
has four buttons on top
well, you know what though
I don't, I don't
I have a lot of faith in Sony when it comes to
controller design, because I still love
the PlayStation controllers, although then again
I say that and then at the same time I think
yeah, but then they did take DualShock out of the PS3
but that was a whole different reason, that wasn't really a design
well it's because they didn't want to pay royalties
but, you know, the
PlayStation 3 controller is still a rock solid
controller, especially, you know, and I
took some crap last week for saying this, but
especially compared to the 360 controller, which
you know, the D-pad leaves a lot
to be desired on the 360 controller
the PS3 is a pretty slick controller
especially the newer ones, so you know
I kind of trust their judgement when it comes to
making controllers, they usually don't make bad ones
except that boomerang thing was really weird
but that never did come out
that was only a concept thing, so
maybe that light thing went the way of the boomerang
but thankfully we do live in the day
and the age of the internet
because if this was like, you know
the mid 90s where all we had were gaming magazines
that boomerang would have come out
possibly, because they wouldn't have heard
the horrible feedback
I don't think, I don't know
this is like a debate that's years old at this point
but I don't know if the boomerang was necessarily a bad
thing, I'd have to feel it in my hands
if it felt fine to control with
I would have been okay with the weird design
but I just think at the same time
the PlayStation controller is like one of the
best controllers ever, why ruin
a good thing? You know, look at the PS1
PS2, PS3 controllers, they've all
been pretty much the same, and there's a reason for that
you know, granted they added
rumble to it at some point along the way
they added dual, you know, and all that
pretty much though it stayed consistent
alright, moving on to another
news story having to do with Beatles Rock Band
Beatles Rock Band
has actually beaten Guitar Hero 5
on the sales chart
this is based on US September
sales, yeah, believe it or not
the Beatles
was released September 9th and Guitar Hero 5
was released September 1st, the Beatles has moved
595,000
units to 499
units of Guitar Hero 5
granted that's really close
but also it should be noted that
the All You Need Is Love download track
100,000 downloads
in September, so this is only
considering September, it's not considering the
important Christmas period, I don't want to start
all this like OMG Guitar Hero 5
but it is a little surprising
considering Beatles
Rock Band to some was kind of a niche title
I don't think it is
surprising to me because they went all out
with Guitar Hero 5 as far as trying to get people
to buy it, I mean they were throwing in a free game
even, you know, to really push that first
month numbers and it failed
is this a sign that people are
kind of wising up to the 50,000
releases in a year?
I don't know, it'll be
interesting to see what's going to happen
I'm not remotely surprised, I'm surprised it didn't sell more
a lot of people are actually surprised
the Beatles game didn't sell more, but of course
you know, this game will move throughout
Christmas, I mean both of these games
are still going to continue to move, but it is a very
I mean, doesn't Guitar Hero, I mean, just taking
the whole Beatles thing out of it, doesn't
Guitar Hero usually tend to beat Rock Band
on sales chart? Well
it depends who you're asking because
they
say, yeah, we've sold more units, well yeah
you have like five times as many
games coming out, so yes, you've sold
more units, I see, but
so you can't really
trust those numbers
I mean, look at, you know, even the Guitar Hero
platform, you've still got two more games coming out
this year in Guitar
well, Band Hero, but come on
it's Guitar Hero, it's just E10, you know
and then Van Halen
you know, that's still coming out too, so
it's a little
oversaturation right now
Hmm, interesting
comment from xlink in chatroom on a
related topic, says, I do
if you look at the box office
Saw VI got the
number two spot
too much can be an overkill, and that's a good
point is that, you know, maybe the saturation
of Guitar Hero is starting to catch up to him
because, you know, I think
a lot of us, at least me, I never like the
Saw movies really to begin with, but I especially look at
Saw VI and go, enough already!
It was actually pretty good
Did you go see it? Yeah! Really?
I didn't like
the last few because it's just hard to follow what's going on
but this one actually took place after the last movie
you know, Chronology, which
is awesome, and it kind of explained a lot of things
and I thought it was actually pretty decent
Hmm, but it got, do you know
what it got beat by? Did it explain why people like it?
Where the Wild Things Are, I'm guessing
No, it got beat by a little indie title
that has made it big called Paranormal Activity
I want to see that
Was the number one movie
I actually get to see that for free pretty soon
We're having a screening
Well that movie's made a lot of
buzz based off of the internet and Twitter
and the way, it's the very, it's Blair
You know, funny enough, we're ten years
believe it or not, after the Blair Witch Project
which is a very similar kind of marketing
although technology's changed in the past ten years
but Paranormal Activity is sort of
2009's Blair Witch Project in a way
They're marketing it like a Wii
Whereas, you know, we're not gonna put it out everywhere
and you're gonna hear how awesome this movie is
and you're gonna be like, I wish I could see it
but it's not in my town and then we're gonna
flood the market with it and then
everyone goes and sees it
So that's what they did this weekend
ActDeftInChat says, enough is enough
I've had it with these motherfucking
saws in my motherfucking movies
And that apparently
might be what some people are saying about Guitar Hero
I don't know, interestingly enough
I'm more interested in
Guitar Hero 5
than I have been in a Guitar Hero
game in a while, and I think Band Hero
was needed, you know what I mean
For that other audience
I kind of look at this and go
Activision
isn't doing anything wrong this year
except for the fact that maybe
they just put out too much
Really? Here's what comes out
Here's what comes down too
I don't think the Van Halen game was needed
I think in the Metallica game and all this other stuff
You don't need to buy them
But Guitar Hero fans do buy them
And the reason you keep putting them out
is because you keep buying them
I guess it's more of a sure thing
for them to put out a new
Guitar Hero game every once in a while
sell it for $60
and make that
kind of money back versus trying to
gamble on download content
which they do a little bit, but it's nowhere
near what Rock Band's doing
Quick question chat and then we'll get into the next story
XLink asks, speaking of SAW
basically, how many people have bought
SAW the video game? Any idea
Lowkey? How that game's moving?
The SAW video game?
I don't know, but I can
find out
That brings us to the next story
If we can move on there and then we'll
figure that out later
Well, for people who are playing Marvel Ultimate Alliance 2
there actually is a future
character coming up
for download
is Cable
Right now he's an NPC, but he will be
downloadable to be playable
I guess that's a pay to unlock type of thing
and
yeah, I hope he's
he's not, you know
overly imbalanced
but also
for more missions, there's a Psylocke mission
coming out too, which will be pretty cool
Have you played the Ultimate Alliance game yet?
The new one?
No, it's still sitting right here on my desk
Hopefully one day your hand will be all patched up
and you can
get into that, because I'm kind of curious
what the Marvel fans think of that one
Couple more stories. Oh, did you find the SAW video game?
Yes, I did. I'm just pulling up
PlayStation 3 numbers right now
For the Xbox 360
it sold
.03 million units
so that would be like
30,000 copies? Wow
Yeah
Yeah, 30,000 copies, granted
I mean, that's not great
it only came out a couple weeks ago
and this is only showing in the first two weeks
but
it has dropped in half versus
week one, week two. Maybe it'll bump up again
with the new movie out and everything
Halloween and all that
Maybe
PlayStation 3 version sold only
20,000 units, so 50,000 total
but once again
I bring up the point
these publishers are putting out games that are only selling
under 100,000 units or whatever
President Cat
could do quite well over here
I mean, if their expectations
are just to sell maybe a few 100,000
units, if that, or even
100,000 units
it's easy on the Wii
easy to do that
Out of curiosity, and I apologize because I know we don't have the answer
right in front of you, but how does this compare to Silent Hill
Homecoming? Because I know at one point they were talking
about Saw was supposed
to be like Konami's new series
that I guess
was going to co-exist with Silent Hill
but you kind of get the weird feeling, are they going to try and replace
Silent Hill with Saw? But
Silent Hill Homecoming kind of took a lot of crap
from the reviewers
and the fact
that they just outright cancelled the game
for Japan, which kind of says something
about their faith in the game as it is
I don't think the game was terrible by any means
you know, it's different from the other games, you could tell it was developed
somewhere else, but I don't think it was bad at all
Well, let's see, in comparison
for example, the
Xbox 360 version now
of Saw only sold 20,000
units in the first week
the Xbox 360 version of Silent Hill
sold 47,000
units in the first week
Okay, there you go
So, you know, about
almost 30,000 more units
and then continued to sell
and still continuing to sell
but, you know, once again
it's a little early to see, but
granted games normally don't peak back
up again, it's just normally either
consistent or it starts to
degrade and it didn't start
that high to begin with, so it may sell
I'm guessing probably in its lifetime
it will probably sell
maybe 100,000
units on the Xbox
360, probably combined
I'd say it's gonna sell maybe
150,000, both platforms
so
And you don't just pull these numbers out of your ass
I mean, you do a little bit, but
keep in mind, for those that may not have listened to the show before
Loki, you work in distribution, so
you have a pretty good thumbprint on, you know
who's ordering what
I'm still looking at, there's a website, VGCharts
that pulls stuff from NPD
numbers, so I'm looking at what the actual
numbers were each week
Silent Hill on PS3 sold
41,000 units in the first week
versus the 20 that sold
you know
not even 20, you know
probably like 15
for Saw, so
Complete random ass question I'm gonna put out there
and maybe you don't even know the answer to this, but
is there any highly anticipated
game coming out this season
that you're just noticing is not
selling? That you're just not selling
copies of it? I'm not selling copies
of it
I was surprised
that people aren't jumping on
DJ Hero as much as I thought they would
but I can understand that because it's
120 dollars
Tony Hawk's Bride, not doing well
you know, once
again, because it's 120 dollars
and it's a Tony Hawk game, I'd say like
standard priced game that's not doing well
I'm putting you on the spot a little bit, I'm sorry
Rabbids Go Home isn't doing very well
not a lot of people are picking that up in large
quantities like the other Rabbids games
they're kind of getting a warning
I guess they're
they've worn out their welcome
I would say maybe
oh man
I had to beg and plead for
Demon Souls
and then everybody after the fact was scrambling
for that, I'm like dude I told you
you should have listened to me
so is that game actually moving now?
oh yeah it's moving, they're sold out at Atlas
I mean they keep selling out
so it's doing
it's probably the fastest moving
Atlas title I've seen
some of the smaller niche titles
even like Muramasa don't do
as well right off the bat
they hear all the buzz and it's like
there's people coming in asking for this, I need this right away
so it's not a surprise
but
I'd say probably this fall
the one title that's not going to do as well
as the company's hoping
I'm guessing would be Avatar
I don't think that's going to do that well
oh the one based on the movie?
I think that movie's going to bomb
I think that movie's going to be a big fucking bomb
I'm not knocking it, it actually looks
kind of neat, but I just think it's going to be
one of those movies that is
especially considering the hype is too high
I think that movie's going to bomb
of course watch me be wrong
who knows
well this is something that may not sell a lot
but I think this looks freaking phenomenal
do you guys know what a Microsoft
I know one, and this is really sad
Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles
The Crystal Bearers, that's a tough sell
no one wants to buy it because the last one was a port
of a DS title and everybody hated it
and so they're like oh Crystal Chronicles
I'm not bringing that shit in
well I want to show you guys
a little bit of this, how many of you guys know what a Microsoft
Surface is?
aren't those like the giant
tables, like we saw one at Penny Arcade
yeah we played with the Google Maps on there
yeah, us and Bobby were kind of like
we were giving each other tours of our neighborhoods
on the Microsoft Surface on the Google Maps
I took you guys to Alabama, that's right
the Surface tables are a lot of fun, it's like a gigantic
iPhone, which is probably
not what Microsoft would want me to call it
I don't know what it is, well I gotta say
this looks rad
this is a little game called Surfacecapes
and they're calling it a proof of concept
project, it is using
the Microsoft Surface table to play
Dungeons and Dragons essentially
it's using the Surface table
get this, you can actually plot out little pieces
on the map, and they actually show you
a little tour of this, you can put pieces on the grid
so you can actually, you know how like people get out
their big charts and their pen and paper
to move characters around, imagine
being able to do all that on the Surface, and look at that
D20 flying in that you can actually roll there
virtually, and you can't cheat
you can do that virtually
there on the Microsoft Surface, and you can actually
move these little pieces around
now this is going to make the nerds
want to have one of these in their home, I think this is
pretty cool, having this, this is
just a proof of concept for right now
but I think a lot of people have looked at these
Surfaces going, what do you do with it?
like there's not a lot
to do here, but this is
really expensive too
oh I'm sure, I mean I've never seen one
outside of that one hotel, and it seems
like that's where you're going to see them, is like in
the lobbies of hotels for people
to find like coffee shops and
expensive restaurants they want to
go to and so forth
Salaciouspopnchat says some casinos in Vegas are starting
to use it, yeah I can see that too
Redertainment says Microsoft Surface is a
cool thing to play around with, it's
like watching TV while high without
actually being high
it certainly is
something a little different, it's
a cool little device, I think it just might be a little ahead of
its time, like it's not the kind of thing people are going to have
in their homes, you're not going to be replacing your
coffee table with the Surface at any time soon
I will, but then again I don't have a coffee table
yeah don't, don't spill a drink
on it though or you're fucked, I mean that's the
other nervous thing about it, of course
then again, I've dropped my iPhone I don't know
how many times and it still works, but I also put a
protective case on it, so
I've dropped mine on concrete
and it hasn't broken, and I don't have a case
on mine, wow
see I have a big thick case on mine
because when I got my iPhone I said, okay
I know this guy is going to get dropped
so I need to figure out a case I can put
on it, wow you don't even have a protective screen on it
do you, that's pretty amazing
nope, wow, look at the back of it
that's not bad at all, but then again
here's the silver, I didn't even know they made them
the original ones, I have an old school
iPhone, interesting
which I'm going to auction off when I get
my 3GS for a holiday
I think those things are pretty waterproof
because it looks like, you know, they have a picture
like a fancy picture, it looks like someone
in a casino, they have their
drinks set on it, I think that because
the monitor is actually so inside of it
you know, and the table
goes way beyond the actual monitor
if you spilled something on it it would just drip over the edge
one more comment from Redertainment
NBC News used Surface during their
2008 election coverage, yeah
and also that probably has a lot
to do with Microsoft and NBC
collaborating on a lot of stuff, I mean
MSNBC, hello, but then, you know
I like
watching election year coverage because that's
when all the channels try to roll out their new technology
to get you to watch them, remember when CNN
did the holograms
like the most pointless thing ever
it was just like a cool technology to show
off, so
Amanda giving us a warning in chat
I dropped my iPhone the other night
and totally cracked the screen
I don't know how many times I dropped it
before and it had been fine, Dan did
his first time, he got his, he cracked it in his
pocket, so careful, careful folks
yeah, I don't think I'll be buying one of these
they're $12,000
or $12,500
but you know
like in five years
that price, remember when HDTVs
were $8,000, I'm sorry, it's still way too damn
expensive, you get an HDTV, put a
nice touchscreen interface on it
Surface, done, I mean you don't really
I don't understand why this stuff's so expensive
it's not $12,000 unit
I mean, come on
Salacious Pop was just asking as we were talking about it on air
cause there's a little delay, LOL, what channel did
the Princess Leia shit
that's a great way to describe what CNN did that year
and Redertainment follows up with
Wolf Blitzer
I am your father
love it, so wrong, funny, funny, funny
I don't know if you happened to catch the soup
this week, they had a thing, no, I stopped
watching that show, not that, I love Joel McHale
I just always forget to TV
they had a funny quote, it was a show
about celebrities that saw ghosts
or something, but she was talking about
her friend or something that
he's a gay Republican who's a
drug addict or something like that, but the way she said it
was hilarious, sounds like my ex
oh, snap, alright, snap
alright, I was just thinking it only
I had the tact to not say it aloud, awe
let's see
really random topic, and then we're gonna get it into
the mailbag, your email's at
orangelessradio.com, DarkSakura will read here in a moment
but I'm gonna throw out this completely random
question from chat, it's like
throw random questions at Loki night, I swear
Deekman is asking, Loki
did you see this announcement that a custom
firmware for the PSP 3000 is supposed to be
released next week
that's like every week, I mean
I'm sorry, like, which custom
firmware, who's making it, what
is it, I haven't even bothered to look
just because I'm so sick
and tired of, like, I got to the
point where you can convert
some games to run with certain other
firmwares and stuff
alright, I'm gonna
go look at this
alright, you look it up, in the mean time
DarkSakura's gonna dive into the mailbag
mailbag at orangelessradio.com
and read your emails
cause, dang it, you send us emails
and show us a little love, so we show you
some love back in a little segment we call the mailbag
alright, um
hi LLR, thanks for reading my
twitter question that's upon playing
on the short show about the
official Konami DDR tournament
following up on it, I was wondering what you guys
thought about the age restrictions on Konami's
official DDR tournament, I have enclosed a snippet
about it on the official summary
all registrants must be between the ages of 13
and 32 years as of
April 1, 2009
according to these rules, I actually would be
ineligible to compete next year if there was another
tournament, I'm not sure what
to think, maybe they
are thinking someone hits 32 they fall apart
anyway, give it the good work
peace out and triple A
that's from uh
Jammer J
I think that's stupid
it's incredibly stupid and kind of
insulting, especially to the fanbase that kind of
helped DDR get big, but this is
exactly why I had no idea
about this until you mentioned it, because guess what
I stopped following it, so maybe that's why
I'm not allowed to participate
next year I will be able to participate
I was 32 April 1, 2009
I know, I know
it's ridiculous
I mean, it
whatever, if you want to
alienate some of your potential fans
that way, go for it, whatever
ugh, I need a new nose, Rob
I'm kind of, it's weird
I am and I'm not over the DDR
thing, like some days I go
I'm so done with DDR, like it's just
not cool anymore, but then I go
I kind of want that new one on the 360 PS3
it looks kind of awesome, my sheet metal
came in the other day
you know what that's for, right?
I know, for your little DDR project
and, but you're still in your 20s
so whatever, oh whatever
I mean, barely, oh god
you young whippersnapper
in your DDR mat
listen, okay, I went
so far as getting official
Konami
stickers from the arcade machine that are gonna
go on this thing, I mean that's how
awesome it's gonna look
well how do you feel that in, you know, 4 years or whatever
you're dead to Konami
Dead Man Walking, Dead Man Dancing
I don't buy their games
oh, maybe that should be the next game that comes out
it's like Zombies Ate My Neighbors combined with DDR, Dead Man Dancing
dude, I have a way to fix their whole franchise
but no, let's add 8 arrows
to it, that'll be awesome
oh, well, are we actually gonna do step charts
that support those 8 arrows?
no, we're just gonna use some programs
to integrate these arrows for you
that's awesome, because that works so well with quads
yeah, over DDR, sorry
which is just a scam to get you to buy
you know, more dance mats
I know we have a lot of listeners
that are still attached to the music games
and yes, we founded the station on it
but I guess, you know, now that some of us are
getting that 32 threshold, I guess we are officially
too old for DDR
well, here's the other thing too, I mean, look at their game releases
for DDR, they're not doing
game only releases
not until like, way later on
so if you wanna really stick with DDR
and buy a new release each year, guess what
you're gonna get a soft mat to go with that release
and it's gonna be $10 more than they would normally be
by itself
however, I will say this
if Beatmania 2DX or whatever goes to PlayStation 3
I'm very interested in what's next
for that franchise, because I've always loved Beatmania
well, if it goes to the PlayStation 3, you can import that shit
ooh, I didn't even think of that
good point, my man, good point
anyhow
more emails, sorry
sorry, I'm kind of feeling like crap right now
this one is a Kingdom Hearts 358 two day mini review
it's like, well I'm saying this because you guys probably aren't gonna play the game
so I thought that writing a review would help motivate you guys to buy it or at least rent it
I beat it in a week, dude, please use punctuation
and capitalize your thing, cause
I saw a commercial for the game on TV today
just random thought
I never made it through the first game
or played the second game
or played the DS game
I glitched my second game
or played the PlayStation 2 port of the Gameboy Advance game
so I'm so lost in it right now
that I just am not gonna even bother
I'm gonna sum this up
you play as Roxas
and he gives it an 8
so like, I don't even know who Roxas is
I mean, I know who he is
but this character means nothing to me
re-write your review with proper grammar
and spelling and everything
and I'll put it up on the site
I do love the Kingdom Hearts games
but I'm just not interested in these handheld ones
and this all goes back to my whole
I'm just not as big of a fan of handheld games
as I am playing them on my big TV
so I'll wait until the next
big official Kingdom Hearts 3
comes out and leave all these side stories
on the side
alright, this one comes from
AZHP
gross
most of those stores are franchised anyway
so
well, they closed one not far from here
the one that was in the Target lot closed
yeah, but I don't work over there
but, you know
they're not all doing great
mmmkay
ooh, we got an angry letter
angry letter
I love angry emails, yay
and thankfully I sound like crap now
dear OLR
I listened to the podcast of the October 18th show
and was honestly astounded at what I heard
upon reflection, what did I expect to come out of the mouths of people
who live in the liberal enclave
that is California
how can you stand behind the possible presidency
of Cat?
Cat has little foreign animal experience
and no executive experience
and likes the coherent strategy to deal with the growing threat
presented by radical fundamental fleas
I even doubt that Cat
is even from this country
I heard that Cat is a Persian
any rational person knows that the true
and correct choice for president is Dog
Dog has expressed his bath-based
strategy for dealing with threat of fleas
once and for all
Dog has a steady paw and is loyal to our
president, President Burrow
yes, Dog has
chased cars in the past, but after accepting
Jesus as his lord and master
I can assure you that Dog will never chase cars again
when you step into the gaming
arena on Tuesday, remember who is
stuck by you like a loyal friend who treats you
like you are its pet
and not the dominant person you are
vote for Dog for president
do it or the fleas win
thanks for letting me listen from the conservative Eden that is Utah
Reddertainment
Dog has been brought to you by Glenn Beck
a smart, rational, and insane voice for the future
if that isn't proof that I'm clearly kidding
what else can I say?
Well, I'd have to say that Dog has been
known to eat poop
and honestly, Dog thinks
I threw something when I just faked them out
so I don't really know if I can trust
Dog to
you know, not drool
on the issues
I can rely on Cat to be self-sufficient
except for Shermy, who is just fat and lean
Cat has eaten hair
so, you know, that's not as bad as poop
but still, both candidates have their flaws
Reddertainment, you ignorant slut
no, I'm just kidding
actually, that was like the email of the century
loved it
Gold Star for you, sir
I think that is worthy of the Gold Star
email bag segment recipient
wouldn't you agree, DarkSakura?
Was proper grammar and punctuation all that used?
So there you go, Gold Star recipient
applause to you
I closed the fanfare
There's your fanfare
Well done there, Rob
Thank you
Does my fanfare get a Gold Star?
Your fanfare gets a
My god, you're like
really sick over there, aren't you?
It's the dust in the room
What's the dust in the room?
No, I opened up my old
laptop case to try to find my SD card
reader and it kicked up
a crap ton of dust
So, yeah
All we are is dust in the room
That's the official campaign
song, by the way, of President Cat
Not really
Is that it for emails tonight?
Mailbag at Orange Lounge Radio
That's all I'm fucking reading
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com
if you want to send your email
for possible reading
on the air next week
How much of that is getting picked up by the mics?
Probably a lot
I don't care, my nose feels
like crap
Hey, we want to get into the FUs of the week
actually, before we get back into
the little show here
and the news stories
No story to inspire
our FUs of the week tonight
I have a story
I hate my nose, that's the story
of the media
This is fucked up
FU to my nose
and dust
and did I mention
my nose? Because FU to my
fucking nose and the fucking dust
FU to people
that have a story about everything
and I mean, like, we were watching
people on the subway
you know, riding Bart this weekend
and there was
on the way there, a woman who was talking
about, you know, for some
reason, she was going like
oh, I hope you have fun today and that
turned into like, yeah, my daughter
went to this convention and she got
to see Miley Cyrus and blah blah blah
blah blah blah blah blah and it's like, yeah, well
you know, my daughter lives
in Texas now, oh, and we went to Texas
then there was this bum
that did the same thing, talking
to this blind woman, so not only is she blind
she's being berated by this
guy who says he's rich, but yet
has a bag full of cans with him
so that's bullshit
Maybe he's into recycling
Maybe he's rich in cans
because cans is the new currency
Yeah, I'm under
the regime of President Cat
But he, Catnip
is the new currency
But, it's just, these
people though, just annoy
the hell out of me, that like, try to one up
everybody's stories and stuff like that, you know
how they have, you know, oh yeah
my cousin lives there, and oh
I went there and did sheet metal work
and oh, and my dog was
from that country and stuff, and like
Is there a character like that on Saturday Night Live?
Yes, there is. Alright, yeah, yeah, yeah
I had ten baby cows
I can't believe Logan
just did a great impression of that
we do impressions
of that woman all the time
especially when we see people like this
and we were doing that too, like while she was talking
and I was like
and yeah, and then we had Miley Cyrus follow us
and we were like making fun of her the entire day
and Miley Cyrus followed us, right?
and she was playing music for us
and then, uh
then we went to our house on the moon
and Miley Cyrus followed us
because she's our slave
so yeah
I hate people who have served better
oh god
I can't follow that up, that's amazing
um, I guess my only F.U. would
go to stress
because I have quite a lot of it at work right now
but, you know, it happens
and F.U. did the fact that I haven't updated
LiveJournal in like three weeks
like I'm seriously falling behind on that stuff
and uh, yeah
I don't like feeling behind
on my life
Kristen Wiig, that's, oh yeah, she's
like the only woman on that show right now, isn't she?
Did they ever fire the one that dropped
the F-bomb on air?
Who was that? Some new chick
remember like her first show, like she dropped
the F-bomb because they gave her a character
that said frickin' frickin' frickin' every other word
and one time she just slipped and said, fuck it
I would have done the same thing
I kind of felt bad for her
so, anyhow
in Reddertainment we like to point out the name of that character is
Penelope, the one-upper
there you go
and the name bless you to Jamie because they can all hear her nose
sorry!
Thank you everybody, I love you
alright, couple more news stories for you guys
then the Skype line at 1877-GAME-OLR
Loki?
Yes, so um
personally, I haven't played this game yet
I acquired it for my MAME cabinet
earlier today, but the game is
Toki, it's a
2D side-scrolling game starring a
ape, and apparently
it's getting the HD treatment
the French developer
Golgoth Studio
is taking the game and completely redoing all the graphics
and it actually looks pretty cool
so I hope the game is fun
but it looks like it's all
hand-drawn now and
I don't know, it's the stuff you would normally
expect on box art
but
it's all in motion now
huh
but apparently it'll be coming out for games for Windows Live
and Xbox Live Arcade
so it's not like a
full retail game, it's kind of more of a
mini-game if it's coming out on Arcade, but it
looked kind of neat from the screen
it could still be a full game, yeah
it looks neat
interesting
well, here's some games that didn't do so great when they
came out, this story kind of caught our attention
and I don't like a whole lot of these
top 10 kind of lists, but this particular piece
on GamesRadar.com, I thought was kind of
interesting, they ran a piece earlier this week called
18 Awesome Games That Died at Retail
and what I thought about reading this
list is I wanted to see how many of these
games, Jamie being the collector of
obscure ass video games, was going to pipe up
and say, that game was awesome
so we'll see what happens, so Jamie
would you like to hear about the 18 awesome
games that died at retail? Sure
okay, the first one was Metal Arms
Glitch in the System, and they
say this game didn't do too well just
because it was too kitty for serious
gamers and vice versa
Beyond Good and Evil on
the Playstation 2. I think
I have that. That's
one of those big games on GameTap I think
they were really selling that when that first came out
again, this is a list from GamesRadar, 18
games that died at retail
Grand Theft Auto Chinatown War is a
more recent game coming out because
folks saying there's not enough mature games
for the system, but at the same time
not enough Nintendo fans wanting mature games
Why did this die, Loki?
I didn't really
care to, you know, I didn't like
the way it played just because it was a top
down game
I prefer more of like the
PSP versions and stuff that are
more of the 3D stuff you would see on
Playstation 2. I understand why they did it that way
because the
system might not be able to handle that
However, now we see that
Cop of the Recruit is coming
out from Ubisoft and looks like
what the Playstation
portable versions of Grand Theft Auto were
so it is possible to do
it that way, but they decided not to
I think it will have a better
chance on the PSP probably
Moving on with the list from GamesRadar.com
Psychonauts, of course
I'm sure a list like this just wouldn't be complete without
Psychonauts. It gets a lot of
praise all around. It was something that was
originally supposed to be an exclusive for Microsoft
but then got killed and brought back and just
didn't really have a serious marketing push behind it
I know Jamie will get behind
this one, Jet Grind Radio on the Dreamcast
one of the 18
games that tanked here. Unfortunately
just being the fact that it was on the Dreamcast
console
kind of
put a damper in it there
Metal Storm
is on this list. This is an
old ass NES side scrolling
game like on the old school 8-bit
That was pretty sweet too
But unfortunately it didn't really
sell very well. They're saying
it might have something to do with the fact that it was a
crappy localization process and
the cutscenes were taken out when it was brought
over and it screwed with the color palette
Shenmue 2
on the Xbox
I think I have that somewhere
Unfortunately this series just kind of
never really seemed to catch on. It's one of those things
that went later on
kind of as a cult status
Moving on with this list again from
GamesRadar.com. 18 awesome
games that died at retail
Anything you guys would put on this list that you haven't
heard yet? While I'm waiting for the next page
to load here
Earth Defense Force
Oddworld
Stranger's Wrath on the
Xbox is on the list
Armed and Dangerous for the PC
Otogi 2
Immortal Warriors. I never even heard of
this game but it was a Japanese
hack and slasher about an ancient swordsman
It was a sequel
to a game that apparently didn't do too well in the
first place. Space Station
Silicon Valley on the N64
It was kind of a whimsical little
platformer robot animal type of game
that just got lost in the whole
N64 not being one of
Nintendo's greatest systems
Panzer Dragoon Orta
from 2003 is on the list
That was a good game
The Last Express
That was kind of like a stylish
game. I remember this game Thief Deadly
Shadows on the Xbox
did not do too well. I guess maybe that was
more of a PC game. I'm not sure
Jet Set Radio Future
also made the list
They say it kind of
alienated fans of the first game
Bionic Commando on the
360 and PS3 I don't think did very well
Interesting all things considered
Do you think maybe
I wonder if the 2D one did better than that
Yeah it did a lot better
I think because the game kind of
I think people were just tied to their memories of the old school
game and weren't ready for the whole 3D-ification
of it, you know
Yeah, there might have been issues with the game
Grim Fandango
also on the list, getting down towards
the end here. The Neverhood
from 1996 on the list
and last but not least
Okami made the list which isn't
surprising at all and the reason why
Okami kind of got burned, it was out on the
Playstation 2 kind of when the next generation
of games was already starting and the
PS2 was already dying out for a lot of hardcore
gamers. I think that was one of the biggest problems with Final Fantasy
12, I think it came out too late
I think by the time Final Fantasy 12 came out
it should have been on the next gen system
But that's just me
So, alright
I guess we're getting to that part of the
show where we're going to open up the Skype line
and hear from you guys
1-877-GAME-OLR is the number you want
to call if you want to get on the show or you can just
Skype us directly at Orange Lounge Radio
I do want to give a little disclaimer first, we've been having
problems with Skype the past couple weeks
where we've been randomly hanging up on callers
We did upgrade to a new version of Skype
today, so
we're on the latest and greatest version of Skype
I'm hoping that we'll fix our problems
We hadn't upgraded in a long time
I'm hoping that we'll fix our problems, but we don't
know what's going to happen, we still may have
some issues tonight, so bear with us
But again, the number 1-877-GAME-OLR
if you want to give us a call
Meanwhile, do we have any last minute stories we want to get to
while we wait for some calls?
Sure, we'll talk about a game called Inversion
which actually looks pretty sweet
and of course, the developer
of Timeshift, Saber Interactive
they're doing a new shooter
that kind of takes place during
an invasion by aliens called
Ludador, and what happens
they have these anti-gravity
bubbles, they're calling them
gravitational vectors
that appear in the game, changing the gravity
in different directions and also
becomes part of the game where you can flip stuff
upside down and whatnot
It's kind of cool, and they have a new weapon
in the game called a grappler that allows you to
manipulate gravity as well and move objects
around stuff, so that's kind of cool
and it looks like that'll be due out on the
Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 in
2010
Let's go to the phones and take a call
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio, who's this?
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio, who's this?
Hola, bienvenidos a Orange
Launch Radio, quien es?
Remember
you should always check your microphone
connection calling
Echo 123 on Skype
before you give us a call, otherwise
it may not work, but I could swear I heard somebody
breathing there, maybe they just couldn't hear us for some reason
I did, I heard someone breathing
I could too, so I don't know what the hell was going on there
So somebody was not paying attention
Don't know
what happened there
Do we have any other, well actually
here we go, we got another call coming in
Orange Launch Radio, who's this?
Hey, it's SSJ100 Matt
Hey SSJ100 Matt, how are you?
I'm doing good, quite a while
You're cutting out a little bit
I don't know what's going on, but what are you
up to tonight?
I've actually just got out of
Video Games Live
Video Games Live,
was it in New York City tonight?
It was
How was the show?
It was great, you know
I went to other shows
before, you know, I went to the Dear Friends concert
a while back when it was done around
and this was
you know, a lot more
this is a lot better
Well, was this your first Video Games Live
that you've been to?
This is the first one I've been to
What was kind of the highlight of the show
for you, you think?
Well
I think the best
was when he did the encore
it was Chrono Trigger
Because it was kind of
you know, he thought he wasn't going to be playing it
and then he came out
said this was the number one requested song
the piece that everyone
wanted to Video Games Live
And I just want to point out
we realize SSJ100 Matt
is breaking up, his connection
is kind of crap, I don't know if that's because of the new
Skype or what's going on, but we're going to try
and get through this because I want to talk about
Video Games Live a little bit. The Chrono Trigger piece
we were there
the night that debuted in Oakland
that was an awesome night, so a good piece
I'm glad that came out
Any lowlights?
Were there songs that they were playing
where you were kind of like, they could have bumped
this for something else?
Not really, I mean
I was
it was cool that they bought
Mega Man, which I don't think
they bought
in previous video shows
but
the note did change
they did play
Castlevania songs
Ah, Castlevania
Did they have any guests show up?
Because sometimes they have random guests show up at these things
Well they did have
a kid from YouTube
that played
Mario songs blindfolded
Oh, on the piano?
Yeah, I think Tommy
has him on the payroll or something
he follows him everywhere
And also, good show
they
called in
I'm trying to think of the name, Ross Bear
the creator of Pong
Oh, nice
So, that was interesting
Alright, well as I was showing them out
we're going to let you go because the connection is kind of
a bit crap, but thank you so much
for calling in
Yeah, I'm actually in
watching the rest of the Yankee
show, sorry about that
Alright, well take care
and thanks for giving us a call
and it's good to hear that the show is still going
and traveling across the nation. Take care, buddy
Alright
Let's see
Moving on to more
calls and more last minute stories
here on Orange Longest Radio
I hope that was just an isolated thing
and not something that's going to continue
We'll see, hopefully
He said he was somewhere, I don't know, he was cutting out
I think he said he was at a game or something, so we'll see
We'll try to get a couple more calls here
877-Game-O-L-R
Loki, do you have any other last minute stories?
Yeah, DiRT 2 is heading to PC's in December
It's going to be one of the first games using DirectX 11
and apparently they were shown off during the big
Windows 7 launch party in New York City
Hmm, it's very sexy looking
Alright, let's go to the phones
Hi, you're on Orange Longest Radio, who's this?
This is DS Master 25
Hi, DS Master 25, what's on your mind?
Well, kinda
sad story today
What's that?
As soon as I get done
What the hell is going on?
Is somebody breaking a dish behind you?
What is going on?
My mother
Basically my DS
Who are you talking to?
I'm on the radio, mom
Come on
It's 11 o'clock
Basically
the L button on my DS side died
and it's only been like a few months
and
I don't know if any of our listeners have had that problem
Is your mom mad that you're calling in
so late?
Probably
You shouldn't say Jesus in front of your mother like that
That's usually frowned upon, just so you know
You realize your whole call has just been shot
because now everybody's just saying
Mom, I'm on the radio
I'm sorry, but
basically my
DSi, the stupid L button
stopped working in the middle of 3D
pinball
I'm sorry to hear it
But mom's not gonna
buy you a new one if you keep staying up late
to call stupid internet radio programs
Well, anyways
I do have a good game review though
Kingdom Hearts
can be on a date over two days
I will say here
I've been a long time Square fan
even though I kinda
despise them on the first Kingdom Hearts
because I'm like, what the hell are you thinking
I'm playing with Disney?
You're stupid
Well, you know
if I'm telling you, don't knock it till you try it
So, uh, you know
and I still love the series right then and there
and
when Kyrie left
I kinda cried
and
basically now I'm still on the search for
in this one, which is supposed to be the
real link between
one and two
I was fortunate enough to sell my Playstation 2 op
because they're overdraft
but I'm planning on getting one again
just to play the rest of the Kingdom Hearts series
again
Your mom didn't see you crying in a video game
did she?
No, my girlfriend did
though, and she kinda cried along
because she's like, no Kyrie
don't leave
Well that's okay, you know, chicks seeing you cry
that just scores you points with them
but you don't want your mom to see you cry because then she thinks you're a wimp
Alright
Yeah, I'm posting my father is already
bashing the whole Hannah Montana
stuff and saying, at least you're playing good music
Wait, are you
a Hannah Montana fan?
I was the one who sent in
that angry message, you know
remember, leave Hannah alone
Do you guys remember that?
I try every day to forget
Episode 271
I'll go look it up
I don't remember
That would have only been like two years ago
That's alright
This isn't going to get any better
DS Master 25 or 26 or whoever you are
we've got to wrap up, it's way past your bedtime
young man, but any other last minute thoughts
before we let you go?
Beat Mania 2DX 17
so PS3 is going to rock
I'm importing it with a PS3
that's indefinite
I hope we actually see it over here
It's perfect
Later
Wow
That's like
and then
it got worse
and then it got worse
You have to admit that call is pretty epic
that was pretty awesome
It was cool, I kind of feel bad for a minute
that's alright
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
Hello, this is Ray
or Ray Force
whatever you go on Orange Lounge Radio
What's up Ray?
What's your mind?
Well, this past week I managed to
get my hands on a Street Fighter 4
5 and 6 tournament edition
it had a big stick with the real arcade parts
Mhm
Now what did you think?
So I started
I was playing mostly shooter type games
like
writing fires and such
it takes some time getting used to it
especially with the square well
instead of having an octagonal well
I get used to it
playing a
tree shooter with a stick
it's really something you'd play with
a patterned keyboard
How expensive is this thing?
I got it at $95
at Fry's
but it was down to $95 instead of $100
like usual because it was a return
stick, I guess someone didn't like it
but said they returned it
I guess that kind of stuff
tends to go down in price though
after just a little bit of time
because haven't those been out a little while?
Since February
Yeah, they've been out for nearly a year now
and I believe the prices around VR
are starting to run out of them
Honestly
if you're to build your own, it's a lot cheaper
Really? Because I actually thought about getting one of those
I think we're thinking of the same
device, I was thinking about getting one of those
a while ago
Yeah, you can basically, if you get the encoder board
which, they're not that expensive
the actual
buttons and everything will cost anything
I'm not you, I can't build my own stuff
It plugs in! I mean my god
It's a switch
Fine, it's simple
You'd be surprised
Be very surprised
So Ray, was it worth the money?
No
Was it worth the money?
Definitely
I also love how it's real arcade parts
so if one of the buttons breaks down
I can just replace it with actual arcade parts
What I kind of like about what you're saying is that
you're not actually using this to play Street Fighter 4
but that you're using it to play other games
like shooters and stuff, because I think, seriously
if I were to get one of these, I'd actually use it to play Soul Calibur
Well, I suck horribly at fighters
I mean, I'm a snot person first
and a fighting game person
I'm like, way further down
I don't think it's worth it
Alright
Well, Buddy, do you have anything else you want to talk about tonight?
Any other games you've been playing lately?
I'm playing Space Invaders Extreme 2
but I haven't been playing it for long
so I'll probably tell him about it next week
Yeah, please do, I'm very curious to hear about that game
because I did enjoy the first one
I want to hear about what's new in the second one
You know
How about later when there's more time to talk
I used to most of my call this time on the arcade stage
so a lot of people can't be called
We'll arrange something
Okay
Alright, take care, Buddy
Hey, you're in the Bay Area, any chance we're going to see you at UmLoud?
I'm not sure
If on a Wednesday, I'm not sure if I'll be able to make it since on Thursdays
that's class Sunday at 9am
and that's in San Jose, not San Francisco
Oh yeah, that's right, you're in the South Bay
Well, we'll see
It is a weeknight, that's tough
but hopefully we'll see some of our Bay Area friends
able to get up there
so it's going to be a fun night
Alright, Buddy, thanks for calling
Alright, see you later
Speaking of San Jose, we've got to get our butts back to Fonomay next year
because we missed this year
I had a fun time at that convention
We've got to get back there
Anyhow, I guess that's going to do it for the Skype line tonight
Thank you for those folks that gave us a call
We hope you missed your chance tonight
You can always try again next week
But we are going to first check in
see if there's any other last minute stories
and wrap up the show
Just real quick, there's a new indie game that's on Xbox Live indie games
called Pumpkin Shop
and yes, this will be the perfect time of the year
to release a pumpkin carving sim
so you can do just that without the mess
and have your own virtual pumpkin
that no one can smash against your porch
No word on how expensive that is
but that is called Pumpkin Shop
Sounds a little ridiculous to me
It looks neat
It'd be cool if you could share it with your friends
If you want to carve a pumpkin, carve a pumpkin
I'm surprised there's not a Facebook app to do that
and then you share it with your friends
so they get annoying little notices and stuff
Yeah, I'm kind of surprised there isn't that too
but now that you said it, there'll probably be one
Is that it?
It's a shame that there's not millions of dollars
coming into my mailbox each day
because that would be tragic
I know, you can start your own game company
with a pumpkin carving Facebook app
release President Cat
You'd be a rich man
We'll see what we can do with President Cat
I mean, it's just a matter of giving
That sounds like a threat
That's not a threat
We'll just see where we can
We'll figure out who we want to target
to bug about releasing President Cat
over here and
I think access game localization
I know, I was going to say, whoever's doing Choaniki
I mean, really, really
They
What did they release?
They don't release that many games a year
so I think that they may have
their budget might be really low
I'd say both them and UFO Interactive
would be good candidates
to bug about
releasing the game over here
and then followed by maybe
I'm not sure about Ignition
or
oh, who was the other one?
Yeah, Ignition
because they
really only release certain types of games over here
you know, really a lot of the RPGs
and that kind of stuff
so that wouldn't really fit with them
but access game localization, man
it's all sorts of weird shit
Graffiti Interactive would be good too
but they're really low budget
and it takes forever for them to get stuff out
Well, if you guys send out emails out there
we definitely want to see
Send your responses, the responses you get back from companies
We'll post something, I'll post something
in our forums for it
We'll post the information of where we need to
go with that
You know, I love the
Excuse me, I love the way people used the photo stream
last week to show pictures of President and Cat
and their fan art
So I would like to encourage people this week
You know, we're still a little bit on our President and Cat kick
We'll think of a new theme maybe next week
But continuing on that, I would really like to see in the photo stream
and email your pics to
pics at orangelondredare.com
They go right up on our website when you do that
So I would like to see
conceptual box art
for this game if released in the US
That's what I'm going to challenge folks to do
on the picture feed this week
And I do think I will
post some information about
possible companies that would
maybe distribute this or
localize it or something
because obviously it's their money
that they're risking and stuff
But I think maybe even as sad as petitions go
because they're crap online
Maybe an online petition might not
hurt because at least it shows
there's a few
hundred people interested in getting this game
over here to see what we can do
It gives people focus to
make their mark or something like that
and we'll go from there
Well if that's it for Last Minute Stories
tonight, then we're going to go around and get everybody's
final thoughts. DarkSakura
your final thoughts tonight
Loki, your final thought tonight
My final thought is
I have my arcade cabinet in my house and now I've got to
finish it
My final thought is I want chicken
I'll play a loco to be exact
which reminds me of this week's episode
of South Park which is kind of funny
Anyhow, that's going to do it for this week's episode
of Orange Lawns Radio
Just a word to the wise out there
to those folks that are listening live
We have Daylight Savings Time kicking in next week
So it's Spring Forward, Fall, Back
So we will be moving the clocks
back an hour here
to celebrate Daylight Savings Time
in your country or where you are
We're looking at you, Arizona
It's Arizona that doesn't have it
So please plan accordingly for those of you folks
that don't have Daylight Savings Time
I guess that was it
Yeah, I get my final thought
We're good to go
I always like to say also if you enjoyed Orange Lawns Radio
please tell two friends about the show
Help spread the word
because remember we have no big magazine backing us up
We have no advertising dollars
We rely strictly on word of mouth
We do the show for free, no ads
It's not even nine o'clock yet
I know, it's kind of early tonight
Not really, it's still been an almost three hour show
Maybe two and a half
But it's time to wrap it up
Get on out of here
Have a good night everybody, we'll see you next week
We'll be back with more of Orange Lounge Radio
on November 1st
Can't believe it's almost the end of the year already
Getting into the very very busy game season
Orange Lounge Radio
Right anyway
See you next week
