Orange Lounge Radio
With your hosts, Dark Sakura, Sky, and Roto!
Tonight, October 18th, 2009, playing early bootlegs get you banned from Xbox,
the PSP series gains heavy product placement tie-ins,
and the classic arcade racer returns in high dev.
Orange Lounge Radio
Well hello everybody and welcome to another edition of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that radio talk show dedicated to video games,
video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts and I'm here with you every week,
as well as the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
How you doing?
That good, huh?
Will you actually be speaking tonight or just communicating in grunts?
Alright, fine.
Also say hello to the hopefully better spoken tonight, Loki.
Hello.
How you doing, Techmaster Loki?
I'm doing fine.
Awesome.
A little bit before the show tonight, just before we went live,
sadly Bobby wasn't on tonight, but you know,
Bobby Blackwolf needs a break too once in a while and he had other stuff going on.
But we were live on the feed a little early tonight,
and Loki was playing some more DJ Hero.
Yes I was.
So we got to hear, and you have the full version now.
Yes I do.
We got to hear some of the mixes,
so I'm kind of curious what our chat thought of what they got to hear.
Sadly, you know, we can't reproduce it for the podcast
because of copyright and all that,
but we were playing the, what was that?
It was Eric Pride's Tears for Fears.
Oh yeah, Eric Pride's Piano versus Tears for Fears Shout,
and then of course MC Hammer with Can't Touch This and...
Vanilla Ice, right?
Vanilla Ice Ice Ice Baby.
Which was sounding really epic in the beginning, but got a little...
It's not one of the better tracks on there,
so there's a lot of good tracks in there, I mean,
and we'll get into that later, but it's...
I'm not disappointed at all.
Well we'll get into that in just a minute,
I know Loki wants to talk about that during his gaming week,
but first I need to plug our lovely bandwidth hosts,
the one and only www.allgames.com, All Games Radio,
always helps us out by letting us steal their bandwidth every Sunday night,
and they are the home to a bunch of great programs,
not just Bobby who's usually on before us when he's not, you know, in a drumline,
but then as well as a host of other programs
such as Escapist Listening Lounge, Video Game Outsiders,
Electric Sisterhood, Dead Pixel Live, blah blah blah,
the list goes on and on, it's great.
All Games Radio, www.allgames.com.
We tape live Sunday nights at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern,
and if you've never listened to Orange Launch Radio live before,
well, why not? Sad.
You should come join us some Sunday,
and if you are hearing this on a Sunday night that happens to be October 18th,
then we actually are live, and you are tuned into All Games Radio,
and you know that we're going to start off the show, as we always do,
with a little bit of How Is Your Gaming Week.
DarkSakura, what types of video games have you been playing this week?
Mmm.
You do have to speak at some point during this radio show.
Okay.
I'm fine.
I play Peggle.
And how is Peggle?
Pegglerific.
Yeah?
Um, I downloaded a bunch of crap for Sims,
and now it's making my game kind of fart while it's loading.
Sorry to hear it.
Yeah, I accidentally started installing a bunch of cute clothes,
and then I found out after I was already installing them
that they were for Sims 2,
and me being a lazy-ass just didn't bother
because I figured the game just wouldn't recognize it.
So, I've been reading a lot of comics.
What type of comics?
Um, I will pull...
Oh, look, my game decides to start working now.
I'm going to build a house live on air.
Deadpool 900, including the epic story of Deadpool vs. Mimes.
We have Deadpool vs. Mimes?
Yes, look at the cover.
That's not a very fair fight, if you ask me.
They're mimes that are powered with psychological weapons
that their mymery actually causes real damage.
Their mymery?
Their mymery.
Mimicry.
No mymery. I like the word mymery.
Knock that miming off.
I've had to play with...
You know...
I've had to play with your audio a little bit, by the way.
If you are hearing Dark Soccer kind of fade in and out,
it's live radio. That kind of thing happens.
We adjust audio on the fly sometimes.
Because remember, though...
What?
A mime is a wonderful thing to waste.
Shut up.
Hey, wait. I have an idea for a new segment, though, Dark Sakura.
What?
We're gonna do a segment called
Dark Sakura Reviews Games Through Grunting.
You ready?
What game should I review?
I'm gonna name some games and you review them with a grunt.
Okay.
We'll start with something easy.
Sims 3.
Marvel Ultimate Alliance.
Yaris.
DJ Hero.
Alright.
Speaking of which, I don't know if there's anything else.
Loki, do you have anything you want Dark Sakura to review with a grunt?
No.
Alright.
I can't think of anything else.
There's Shadow Complex.
Okay, Shadow Complex.
Bayonetta.
Alright.
Cheater. That's not even out yet.
Alright.
It's pretty, though.
She's wearing her hair.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
It was good.
Played lots of Grand Theft Auto, Lost and Damned.
There's been rumors going out there, and I've seen it now,
that people have found a way around the patch so they can re-enable mods again.
And I've been trying to figure out how to do that.
And I'm close, but what I thought I needed to change actually freezes the game up.
So, not quite there yet, but I'm on the path to getting it done.
And I've obviously been playing lots of DJ Hero.
I played it for a few hours today and yesterday.
Most of the game starts off locked when most of the tracks you can play.
So I've actually unlocked almost everything in the game so far.
I mean, that's how much I've been playing it.
And if you played it at, say, a Best Buy or GameStop or something like that
and thought it was too easy, trust me, those songs are nothing
compared to the stuff that's in the game.
It's fucking hard even on medium.
That's what I've been playing it on.
I mean, you bump it up to Expert or something like that.
It's just insane.
So I wouldn't be worried by that.
But yeah, nothing like BeatMania, obviously.
But great track lists.
I mean, there's not really any songs I haven't liked in the game.
I mean, there's some that have been okay, but there's none that I really hate.
I mean, it's just overall good.
I like playing all of them.
And for the live folks, you're going to spin some more songs.
Oh yeah, we'll play more songs during the break.
Awesome.
Anything else, or is this DJ Hero or DG Hero all week long?
That's what I've been doing.
All right, sounds good.
My Gaming Week.
Sadly, I don't have a lot of new games, really.
There's only one new game I can think of to review,
and it's actually something I've been playing a couple weeks.
I just have yet to mention it on the show.
It's a PlayStation Network game, and it's called Digger.
And I guess it's based off an old Apple IIe game or something.
I had never played the original game.
It's kind of like if Dig Dug met Mr. Doom,
met Pac-Man, met a lot of other classic 80s games,
kind of all in one little hodgepodge of a game.
You can play the game in classic mode,
which is why I can kind of tell that this game was either originally on Apple II
or the old school CGA,
because that's the kind of graphics it has, the CGA graphics in classic mode.
But you don't download games on PlayStation Network
to play them in four colors now, do you?
Obviously, the game's been fleshed out with a whole new high def mode,
and pretty crisp graphics.
So if you're into retro gaming, I think you'll kind of like this,
especially because it combines the elements of all these old games.
I like a lot of the retro games, though.
It can get a little repetitive, so be warned.
But they do try to throw in some things to make it interesting,
like co-op survival and co-op collaborative mode,
and a whole crap ton of levels.
My only complaint is that it was hard for me to kind of pick up and go with the game.
There's no tutorial or mode that teaches you how to play the game.
I guess they figure a lot of people are going to want to download this
because of the retro vibe going on,
but that's a lot harder to do with a game like Digger
than, say, a game like Pac-Man.
I don't know, because everybody fucking knows Pac-Man.
I had never heard of Digger until I decided to download this game,
and I was like, oh, retro gaming classic, maybe I'll like it.
Unfortunately, there's no demo out there for it, so I took a risk.
But not bad. I'm not depressed with the money I spent,
but I don't think it's a wow, OMG, run out and buy it right now type game either.
I think if you like the old retro classics,
you like your 80s PC games, you'll get a kick out of this.
But maybe you'll find out faster than I did
that there's actually a fire button,
and you can actually shoot the oncoming enemies
that makes the game a little easier when you feel a little overwhelmed,
because I had no idea.
There's no tutorial or nothing to kind of get you going with the game.
So that's my one little piece of feedback for it.
Otherwise, OMG, World of Warcraft, LOL, WTFBBQ.
I was looking for donations, by the way.
Are you?
Yeah.
Everybody's looking for donations on the show.
Well, no, I mean, because I can't.
I know, I know.
But I am up to level 52 on my paladin.
I just hit 52 before the show tonight,
which isn't bad considering I think she rolled on September 3rd or 4th,
so I haven't been playing that long,
and I don't have triple XP or anything like that,
so I'm happy.
So that's it for my gaming week pretty much.
Otherwise, the same type of stuff I already talked about last week,
like Demon's Souls and Katamari Forever and all that fun stuff.
So now that we've talked about our gaming weeks,
let's get into some housekeeping real quick,
but actually not a lot for that segment either.
So I'm just going to plug our Twitter at www.Twitter.com slash O-L-R,
and of course we also have our Facebook community.
Just search for O-L Army.
By the way, we're going to create an actual page on there too.
I can't remember if I mentioned this last week or not.
I was going to work on that more this week,
but I got sidetracked leveling a paladin,
so I'm hopefully going to get that done.
Actually, we had a lot of shows that we were behind on the feed too.
Three shows went up this week on the podcast feed,
so you can't say I didn't do anything for O-L-R.
I got that just about caught up.
And yeah, so look for that on Facebook,
and we have a MySpace if anyone actually uses that anymore.
Does anyone use MySpace anymore? I don't think so.
The last thing I did on MySpace was look at my art history teacher's blog.
The last thing I did on MySpace was block spammers.
Nellie looked at MySpace the other day and she's like,
wow, it looks like Facebook now.
They did change some stuff on there to try and make it more Facebook-y, I guess,
but I don't like it anymore.
Facebook did something that makes me happy.
What's that?
I can now block everything I don't freaking want to see.
I can keep from getting this stupid sorority life invites.
They've had that for months.
But they haven't had it in an easy-to-access place.
You had to go into your profile and everything,
and I would set it all up through my profile and I'd still get all the shit.
Because the apps get smart and they work around them.
They exploit every little thing Facebook will let you do.
Now I can just hide and I don't ever have to see it again.
Yay.
All right, that's what Twitter needs, by the way.
O-M-G, does Twitter need a hide button?
Twitter needs a filter.
All right. Anyhow, let's move on.
Let's talk less ranting on social networking and more gaming news.
We'll start off tonight.
The wonderful Loki is going to start us off tonight.
Yes, Nintendo has partnered up with Capcom
and 53 other video game publishers in Japan
to file suit against four resellers of the popular R4 flash cartridge.
You know, the one that modded the pirate stuff.
Apparently, though, in Tokyo court it banned the sale of the devices.
However, these four retailers are kind of ignoring that.
So there's a new lawsuit now that finally stopped these guys from selling it.
I mean, it's kind of interesting if you think about it
because they've been making threats about this stuff for a while now.
And I kind of find it funny that they're really only targeting the R4
because that is the most widely known backup device.
But there's tons of them out there.
I mean, the R4, I don't even think it's being used as much nowadays
as some of these other ones.
I don't know.
But I guess it's a start
because I know piracy really eats into the DS sales.
Especially overseas, right?
They have more of a problem with this overseas than they do here, right?
Definitely.
Are you surprised by this move?
I mean, I can't think of anything quite like this that I've heard of recently.
Well, it makes sense.
I mean, the court already banned the sales of this stuff.
They went ahead and ignored the law.
I guess they're going to have a lawsuit put against them.
I don't know.
It's not surprising, I guess.
Yeah.
Okay.
Do you think there's a legitimate purpose for someone having an R4
or is this just straight-up piracy?
I mean, is there any type of way that they could come into court and say,
oh, well, this R4 has a legitimate purpose
or is it just 100% piracy?
It does have a legitimate purpose as far as enabling homebrew,
but once again, though, it's kind of reverse engineering the DS
sort of to make it work, that kind of stuff.
So yeah, it might allow for homebrew stuff,
but any of the homebrew enabling patches, mods, whatever out there so far
have been pretty much stomped out by any game hardware manufacturer.
I mean, look at Sony with the PSP firmwares.
Yeah, it enables homebrew, but people use the pirate stuff,
so they've been stomping that out.
Look at the Wii, the homebrew channel.
I mean, also used for homebrew, but also used for piracy.
They've tried to stomp that out, and then now with the DS,
with the flash cards, they're trying, and they keep making changes to it.
It's hard, though, with the Wii.
Well, I should say not even the Wii, but the DS,
not so much with the DSi now because I think you can patch that
with firmware upgrades, but with the DS,
so you can't add any firmware upgrades to it, so you're pretty much stuck.
If someone gets one of those, maybe later on some of the games
will patch it so that you can't play those ROMs or whatever
on your R4 device, but the ones that are already made out there,
there's nothing they can do about it because they can't patch it.
I've got a wild question for you.
Isn't homebrew piracy in a way?
I mean, any homebrew that's cooked up,
because aren't you supposed to buy a very expensive kit from Nintendo
or Sony or whoever it is to develop for the system?
No.
Are you supposed to buy these very expensive kits to help you develop?
If you were to put something out in market,
then maybe that wouldn't necessarily be piracy,
but it would be unauthorized,
because of all the stipulations that they have,
the testing process that has to go through,
and development kits and whatnot.
Then, yeah, to be in market, you'd have to be an authorized developer,
but this isn't really in market.
This is just kind of crap that they're throwing on there.
But it encourages people to hack their stuff, right?
People are going to hack it no matter what,
whether the carts are out there or something else.
I mean, they'll find a way around it.
All right.
Well, I'm going to our chat room at chat.orangelandradio.com,
and it looks like there's just other devices out there.
Azure Edge says, I have Ace Card 2.
I've never heard of this, but I guess that's another similar device?
Yeah, there's the Ace Card.
There's Cyclo DS, Evolution.
They've also got the M3.
I think the D6 or something like that.
So why are we just hearing about the R4 then?
Because it's the popular one, I guess.
It's just like, you know, like Napster.
Remember, there was Napster and a lot of other file-sharing services,
but everyone went after Napster because...
Oh, yeah, LimeWire, Virus Heaven. I remember that one.
Well, I'm just saying that there were other services out there,
but, you know, they're going to go after them.
Just like Pirate Bay.
They're going after Pirate Bay because that's the most...
I guess they're making an example out of them or something like that.
Yeah, but they really can't do anything about Pirate Bay
unless they get international law changed or...
Didn't Pirate Bay have to stop?
Didn't something happen with that?
I mean, I don't know. I don't use Pirate Bay.
It did, but it's still up.
So I don't really know.
I guess it didn't work very well.
Going to our chat again, Tiger Claw says,
Homebrew is also used to create applications that can be useful
for non-gaming purposes, like listening to internet radio and such.
Hey, I guess that would be useful, wouldn't it?
For programs like this.
Well, it's also the kind of, you know,
put the applications and features that you want on a certain console.
It's a way to build those in where, you know,
said company is not putting them in.
And actually some companies, like Sony, have learned from the Homebrew community
and have seen what they've put in there
and have added that support in later on.
Sometimes little things kind of get endorsed, too.
I seem to remember, you know, speaking of,
because Tiger Claw's comment kind of made me think of internet radio on the Wii,
there was a program a while back, and I can't remember the name of it,
and I don't even know if it's still developed,
but it was a program that was supposed to let you get podcasts on your Wii,
like it downloaded them to some program,
or sorry, not the Wii, the Xbox 360.
You could get podcasts on the 360,
and I remember it was really controversial
because all the podcasts that were in it by default,
it was downloading like the last five episodes all at once.
Maybe somebody in chat can remember the name of this.
Because I remember we were listed in a future version of it
after that bug was taken out,
but the reason why I bring it up is that I seem to remember
like Major Nelson mentioned it on his blog or something,
and that's why the thing got so popular so fast,
and it just screwed the bandwidth of all these sites.
I remember Gamer Andy was pissed about it.
Tiger Claw says it's TV or City,
but that's actually not the one I'm thinking of.
I think that lets you do podcasts also,
but that's not the same one I'm thinking of.
That's what you use for streaming video.
Yeah.
But there was another program, and I can't remember the name,
but it was a couple of years ago.
I don't think it's developed anymore.
If it is, it's not popular, sadly.
I don't know.
But anyhow, maybe somebody else in chat will come up with that later.
Anyhow, moving on to another new story,
something completely different.
Let's talk Pokemans.
OMG Pokemans.
Anyhow, no.
Let me show you them.
There is a new Pokemon game coming out.
It is PokePark Wii, Pikachu's Big Adventure.
Nintendo officially unveiled the game this week,
meaning screenshots and all that fun stuff.
It is coming out in Japan on December 5th.
It'll set you back 4,800 yen.
That would be $53 in exchange rates.
Sadly, though, it's not really a Pokemon Game Boy game on the Wii,
like people have been wanting, oh, I don't know, forever.
Instead, it's a game where you are, of course, Pikachu,
because, you know, one of the Pokemon is nearly as famous,
and you're in, like, a theme park,
and you tag, battle, and participate in quiz minigames.
Oh, joy.
It's another minigame collection on the Nintendo Wii.
Only this time, it has Pokemon.
But my Pokemans, let me show you them.
Also, Pikachu interacts with new friends.
There's also a camera mode to let you photograph the Pokemon you meet.
I guess kind of tipping the hat to Pokemon Snap, which was kind of awesome.
But no words about Mudkips. Sorry, guys.
But Pokemans, Rob.
I know it's Pokemans, but it's not like the Game Boy Pokemon games.
Don't care, Pokemans. It'll sell.
Nintendo prints money.
I guess so, but I'm just like, yay, another minigame collection on the Wii.
Although, to be fair, they're talking about, you know, tagging and battling
and all this other stuff, too.
And I shouldn't judge a game before I play it,
but, you know, you're not giving me a lot to go off of here.
It's not like the Wii has demos, either,
and I'm not going to spend 40 bucks or 50 bucks on a game
just to find out it's another crappy minigame collection.
But, but, but, Rob. Pokemans.
DarkTatsuya in chat says Pokemon Snap needs a sequel.
It sort of does, and maybe that's what they're trying to allude to with this,
but I wouldn't say that this is a sequel by any means.
Now, I'm looking at screenshots,
and here's one where it looks like Pikachu's kind of fighting Charizard
with some timer on the screen doing battle, so I don't, maybe,
maybe there's something cool in there,
but it's not the role-playing Pokemon a lot of you guys have come to know and love,
which I think is the game people really want on the Wii. So.
That's, that's sad and a shame and a travesty.
It is.
It is what else is sad and a shame and a travesty.
What?
What Sega's doing.
What is Sega doing?
Bringing back a piece of my tortured past.
Why?
Into full HD life.
I do not understand. Please elaborate.
Um, I don't ever, if I've ever told you about my nightmares of Daytona USA.
Even if you have, it's probably been years, so tell them again.
I used to, when I worked for my Namco arcade, we had a four-person Daytona USA,
and it would, it would follow me. I would hear,
Daytona!
Or, Rolling Start!
I don't know, like, ugh!
What about Daytona?
That too.
So, um, but it's coming back. It is coming back.
Oh, is it ever, as Sega Racing Classic.
Sega Racing!
And, um, it's gonna be on, uh, the ring-wide, um, arcade hardware,
and, uh, it's being called Sega Racing Classic because they don't have the rights to the Daytona name anymore.
Oh, well that makes sense, I guess.
So I guess we're, we're not gonna get the Daytona.
So, but you know what I want?
Is I want cameos by, um, Pepsiman, and by, um, Sega Tasanchiro.
That would make me happy.
Sega always has the most interesting product placement in their games,
because I think about Crazy Taxi.
I also want to race as the horse in the game.
And, I want a little mini-game in there where you can fight,
make the cars fight each other like Fighter's Megamix.
Uh, xlinc in chat says,
I work at an arcade and I hated that song.
Yes! See, anyone who has worked in an arcade,
where the attract mode is turned sufficiently loud enough,
knows my pain.
Knows my pain.
I'd have nightmares, I'm not kidding, I would have nightmares.
Nightmares.
Nice.
No it's not! It's awful!
How would you like to be in the middle of dreaming about,
you know, so-and-so gorgeous person, and then hear,
DAH! Oh god! Knock it off!
Maybe I don't understand because I've never played this Daytona game.
I just somehow missed it, I guess.
I left Daytona USA at the Luxor the first time I went to Las Vegas,
when it first, when the game first came out,
and had like the eight person big rallies set up.
I thought it was cool then,
that's the last time I ever thought that game was cool.
Wait, don't they have this at Dave & Buster's?
Uh, they have something similar.
I think they have NASCAR, it's like similar to that.
Maybe I played it years ago when they had it at Dave & Buster's, I think.
It was one of those games that they would have linked like 80,000 units.
Rob, you just need to go on YouTube and look up Daytona Rolling Start.
Sure, I'd be happy to.
It's fantastic radio, and this is how everyone would know-
There you go, Tiger Claw linked the theme in the chat room.
Yeah.
Dude, Tiger Claw is like faster at researching stuff than I am.
I've already been on it.
I'm saying that because there's like a 45 second delay.
I have played this game.
Yes, you have.
Yes, I have.
Now that I'm not hearing your horrible karaoke rendition of it, I recognize it.
You need to find the Rolling Start one,
because that's the one that I still hear in my sleep.
How can you not like this song?
It's totally not repetitive.
Because I have something called taste.
This almost sounds like it could be like an 80s cartoon theme, you know?
That'd be awesome.
Someone should totally make that as their cell phone ringtone, that'd be awesome.
I'm gonna make that the ringtone for whenever Jamie calls on my phone.
Hey, I've already made a bunch of iPhone ringtones now.
I made the Burning Rangers one, and that's about as far as I'll go into the realm of Sega.
Hey, Jamie, I've got a joke for you.
It's gonna end...
The joke is gonna be when I kick your ass so hard your teeth will feel my foot.
Dark Sakura.
Knock knock.
What?
What?
What?
Shut up.
I will play it again. I will fucking play it again.
I will kick you in the face.
You know what your ringtone is on my phone, by the way?
What?
I wanna guess. Is it?
No? No?
Just let me borrow that phone.
So I gave you something more annoying.
Alright.
I don't know what it is with this show tonight. I'm just...
It's called Jamie Has a Headache.
I feel sorry.
Oh, and Tigerclaw linked the rolling start, by the way.
Awesome.
That one, actually, I do like that one okay.
Just cause I think it's kinda neat.
I realize this game is like years and years old.
This is the worst soundtrack in history.
I love this soundtrack. What are you talking about?
It's more of a song you need to play the game to.
I actually like this music.
Xlinc in chat says, I'll fly over there and both of them in the face.
Except he left out, like, there's a word missing there, I think.
So...
You know what you can do in the face?
Do, do, do, do, do, do-do-d Features
Rob, you need to cleanse the pallet.
Let's move on.
Copy, save us.
Let's get into some release dates, perhaps that will end the Daytona chat.
Never. It will never end that chat.
So coming out of this week is actually a pretty good line up of stuff.
Starting off we've got Borderlands, which is making its way out
Xbox 360. Did Rob mess up? No, just go ahead. I totally like skipped like three
stories in the show, but that's okay. Just do release dates now, we'll go back to it.
Alright, anyways. Stop messing with my head, Rob! I got too distracted by Daytona, I'm sorry. But it's
good music to think too. Alright, so yeah, as I said, Borderlands coming out this
week. PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, pretty awesome looking, so definitely check that
out. If you're into the football, or soccer as we call it in the US, FIFA Soccer 2010 will be coming out on DS, PSP, Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, PlayStation 2, and Wii.
Smackdown vs. Brawl 2010 also coming out this week on pretty much everything.
Space Invaders Extreme 2 making its way out on DS, finally. It looks like the Wii version of NBA 2K10 was delayed to this week, so that'll be coming out as well.
Jillian Michaels Fitness Ultimatum 2010 on DS. Yippee, I know, I'm excited.
Madagascar Carts on the Wii, PlayStation 3, and Xbox 360, DS, and PSP. And then with the Wii, of course, they also have a version with
a wheel, because god damn it, no one can pretend that the Wii remote is a steering wheel without a plastic piece of crap that's got attached to it.
Marvel Superhero Squad coming out on PlayStation 2, Wii, and DS. If you like your
Marvel Ultimate Alliance Super Chibi. Tropico 3 coming out on PC. Charm Girls Club,
Perfect Prom coming out on DS. And yes, EA has a lot more to go with that as well. They have a few other Charm Girls games.
Charm Girls Club Pajama Party on the Wii. Ooh, exciting. Charm Girls Club Fashion Mall on DS.
And there was something with the prom, I know. Oh, Fashion Show, yes. And to go along with that, if you're not in the Charm Girls Club, maybe
Littlest Pet Shop, because they're whoring that out this week as well. Littlest Pet Shop City Friends on DS this week. Littlest Pet Shop Friends on the Wii.
Littlest Pet Shop Country Friends on DS. And I'm sure there's one other one, but I don't really care. What a bunch of crap. Yes, exactly.
It's not coming out this week, but Cookie Mama 3 and Shop and Chop is coming out on DS. Oh, there's a game for Jamie. You know, it'd be better if it was Cookie Mama 3
Chop Shop, but you know, opportunity missed. Just in time for Halloween, too. Cookie Mama goes insane. You know, I have to tell you guys something. Before the show tonight,
Dark Soccer, you know, we were all running late tonight. If the show seems off tonight, it is. Dark Soccer, I think, is getting sick, which means
Loki and I are going to be sick. I've had the plague. Great. Cool, I get to play DJ Hero. Loki is not cool for me. I've got so much crap going on at work.
Loki got here like five minutes before the show started tonight, and it was going to get chicken. And I overslept, so I got here way later than I usually do.
If Bobby was going to do a call tonight, we would have been screwed. We would have been ready. But here's the thing. Dark Soccer, she runs in here like a couple of minutes
before the show starts, and she goes, dude, I've got these grapes that are like eyeballs. They're so big. They are. They're the size of eyeballs. They're meat and grapes.
Well, is your mic on? No, I turned it off because you said I was typing too loud. That's right. Well, so you had these grapes that were the size of eyeballs, and it made me
think how, like, you remember when you'd go to those haunted houses when you were younger? They'd put frozen grapes in a bowl and tell you it was a bowl full of eyeballs?
Yeah. It just made me think of that. And then you mentioned Cooking Mama, and I think it's just in time for Halloween. What if Cooking Mama went crazy and it was a game like
Splatterhouse? That would be amazing. Or as actdeft in chat says, Cooking Mama, chop till you drop. A game like Splatterhouse? You mean delayed indefinitely? Okay, how about
Cooking Mama meets Dead Rising? That could work. Cooking Mama, Zombie Edition. Don't worry, Mama will braise. Ah, Cooking Mama as the cleaner. Don't worry, Mama will fix it. Or as darktids3 in chat says, Cooking Mama, rolling star.
Oh, that's going to be the joke all night. Other games coming out this week. Astro Boy, tying in with the new animated movie, coming out on Wii, PlayStation 2, DS, and PSP.
Secret Saturdays, Beasts of the Fifth Sun, coming out on Wii, PlayStation 2, DS. My Tran Wars on PSP. iCarly on DS and Wii. God, it's just pitiful. Mountain Sports on the Wii, yet another winter themed sports minigame collection.
Imagine Fashion Designer World Tour on DS. Crap, crap, and more crap. Is there anything interesting? Bakugan on PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii, and DS. And I'm sure there's something I'm missing here. Good stuff.
Good stuff. Alien Monster Bowling League? No, no, that's not good. It's on the Wii. No, Your Mom the Game, I'm Sorry, is not coming out this week. It's too bad.
She got delayed. She got delayed, yes. Lips, number one hit on Xbox 360? No? If it doesn't have that Rolling Start song, I don't want it.
Maybe it does. The worst title for a game, but they had to do it. Diner Dash, Flow on the Go, for DS. No, that's wrong. So wrong. The joke's right itself, I don't have to say anything.
Medieval Games on the Wii for all your Ren Faire fans. Grand Theft Auto Chinatown Wars coming to the PSP this week, which looks pretty cool. Dragon Ball Revenge of King Piccolo on the Wii. Lots of stuff this week.
Motorstorm Arctic Edge finally coming out on PlayStation 2, and Nostalgia on DS. That actually looks pretty sweet. Star Wars The Force Unleashed Ultimate Sith Edition on PC. And finally, World of the Zoo on the Wii.
Finally. Let's see, I wanted to actually read something from chat here that was from Psycoon saying, Orange Lounge is one big tangent today. Yes, it is. And I'm going to start another one here.
Because speaking of release dates, going to last week's releases, we had a huge game come out this week that nobody mentioned during their gaming weeks. Uncharted 2.
I, anywhere I look, I can't stop hearing about this game and how fucking amazing it's supposed to be. Like, you know, now keep in mind, I don't usually play a lot of the platformy Tomb Raider type of games, which I hear Uncharted 2 kind of is.
So I haven't really been paying attention. But now, as I will hear about how awesome this game is non-stop and how people are already calling it Game of the Year, I kind of feel like I need to play it. So I got to turn to Loki, who's talked about this game a little more on the show than I have.
What have you heard about this game? You didn't mention it either, but I seriously have not heard a single thing bad about it. Like, not one.
I don't know. It got good reviews. I'm not buying it.
Why not?
Because I don't want to buy it.
Is it one of those things where it's like, oh well, you're too cool for schools?
No, no, no. It's not even that. It's an action game. Not even so much like Tomb Raider. I mean, the comparisons of the first game were kind of like, oh, it's Tomb Raider the guy.
Not so much now. I mean, it's more of just an action game. It's a very cinematic action game. I just don't have time for it. And yeah, I can see why they're calling it Game of the Year. It's practically the only game coming from Sony this fall.
So it is the Game of the Year. I mean, they did have games in the spring, but for argument's sake, we're going to ignore those. But I don't know. It's good. I mean, don't get me wrong. Game of the Year? Probably not.
Kind of some polarizing stuff in chat. Psycoon says, if I got a free copy, I would totally play it. That's a good point. Games are 60 bucks. But again, I haven't heard a negative thing about this game. It's probably worth it.
And HungryMrKrunk says, why aren't you going to buy it? What? Seriously? What? Daytona?
I mean, there are a lot of people that probably think you're crazy for what you just said. I at least want to rent it and see if I like it and get us into it as everyone else does. So I apologize I didn't play it for this week.
I'm not buying Modern Warfare 2 either. Ooh, I'm crazy.
And GameGuru says, Game of the Year for Sony fanboy maybes. Ooh, yikes.
Don't get me wrong. It is probably going to be the best Playstation 3 game other than Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2 that comes out this year. But that's about it. Best Sony made game this year? Yes.
I'll probably play it at some point. I can never resist peer pressure. Okay, anyway, back to release dates. Sorry. Going to Japan and looking at the Japanese release dates. FIFA Soccer 10 World Class Soccer comes out in Japan as well as Forza Motorsport 3 gets its run in Japan. Those both coming out on the 22nd of October.
Moving on over to, of course, the Playstation 3. FIFA Soccer 10 also comes out over there. That's really the only major release in Japan this week on the PS3. And moving on over to the Nintendo Wii, another port of FIFA 10 World Class Soccer.
There's some other games there as well, including Sukiban Satcho Reina Wii comes out on the Wii. And I like this because the box art is like this hot pink box art. And it's just kittens all over it. And it looks like it's like a lolcat game. Like I'm not even kidding.
Oh my god. I shit you not. It's Keyboard Cat. There's a scene with a cat playing the piano. It's Keyboard Cat and Lolcat like in a game for the Wii. That is Game of the Year right there. I'm sorry. Fuck Uncharted. Fuck it. This is the Game of the Year right here.
Why don't they release this crap over here? D3, come on. If there is a game that you need to localize for the US, it is this game. They're dancing with kittens and oh my god is that cat shooting a laser. Oh my god. This is it right here. Again, I'm going to say this name again.
I'm going to order that game. It is Sukiban Satcho Reina Wii. Question for you Rob. And this sort of ties in with that. Why don't we move back to the old studio again? I don't know. Because we should. Why? Because I'll get that game and then we can do it on Justin TV. Oh maybe at some point.
I can get that set up here. We just need the camera. I can get the camera. That's easy. We can do it in the vault. We'll figure it out. But anyhow, the chat was demanding to check out that game in the chat rooms. I posted a link in chat. I apologize to those on the podcast because I can't link it to you.
But again, that's S-U-K-E-B-A-N. Sukiban. S-H-A-C-H-O-U. Satcho. Reina. R-E-N-A. Wii. That's the name of the game. And it's cats, cats and more cats. It's an action game. So I mean seriously, how can you say Uncharted 2 is the game of the year when you have this game coming out on the Wii?
I just don't. I think it's clearly. That was a statement said without considering the rest of the year.
Wow. I'm actually looking up reviews on it. To make sure it's lolcats the game.
Let us know what you find.
Ok well I still have to do. Well hold on, hold on. I got some more releases here. PlayStation 2. Beatmania 2DX 16 Empress is making its way out right now. I think it was out a little early for some people. I think it just came out in Japan this past week.
But some of your import stores will finally have it in stock this week. They know that this is one of the big games people like to import. And it's a huge release obviously being the last 2DX game on PlayStation 2. So look for that.
On the Nintendo DS Element Hunters comes out in Japan this week as well as Rune Factory 3. And a game called Roller Angels. Check that out.
And then lastly on the Sony PSP. Again these are Japanese release dates. Another release of FIFA Soccer 10. Obviously soccer is very big in countries that aren't the US.
And a game called Haru Kanaru Toki no Naka Day 3 Unme no Meikyu Aizu Ban or Treasure Box. And I've learned to look up these games and make sure they aren't like more cat games. Because they might have a weird title but it might be awesome.
But this is actually a role playing game and it's a romance simulation game. But it has to do with historical characters. Yes that's right I said romance game with historical characters.
I love how this cat game is so realistic because they have a mini dancing game where the guy is dancing around and the cat is just like I don't care.
I'm looking at the website for the game which sadly because it's all image files I can't read but like half of it. So it looks like it's a cat raising sim. Do they have a Twitter? They freaking have a Twitter.
But it's all in Japanese right? I'm gonna follow the Japanese Twitter.
Alright you do that. Actdeft in chat says now the folks in chat are kind of looking at what we just posted. Leo Shen says I got my copy. Oh he might have been talking about Beatmania because I just mentioned that.
Actdeft says best Wii game ever. Not even Epic Mickey will surpass this game.
Okay I found the description from the Twitter so I'm running it through the Nifty translator. And we'll see what it says.
Alright let me know what happens.
Okay. Cat president and choking employee recruitment on large scale. Famous cat Rena of the Superman nature blog finally appears in the game. Let's work also by you under the cat president.
What the hell does that mean?
Because it's translating.
That doesn't even fucking make sense. I love it.
So is the president of cats or something? I guess this cat Rena is a famous cat. I've actually heard of the cat before. I'm getting this game. Fuck it. I'm getting it.
Rob let's get the communal OLR copy and find a Wii that we can play it on.
Amazing. Loki has one right?
I have a Wii that I'll play it on. We'll have this game. Don't worry. It'll be coming.
Actually this was just sent to me in chat is that we actually have an exclusive sneak peek at the soundtrack for this game. It's amazing.
That sounds so familiar.
Okay the next one you're going to hear is my microphone connecting with the back of Rob's head. Ready? One, two.
Ow!
Anyhow, President Cat.
Seriously every other podcast you listen to, every single one of them will mention Uncharted 2 this week.
And they will suck its dick to no end. What other show are you going to hear about this game on?
I challenge you. What other show?
Watch there's probably at least five other shows that mention it. But seriously.
There's a reason we're different.
I'm picking a random tweet.
Alright fine. But then you gotta get into UK releases.
Okay this is just hilarious. And I love also listing stuff through the nifty translator.
Okay.
Oh never mind. Just talking about a grade schooler following their Wii. Their Twitter.
Yeah if anyone who can read Japanese wants to follow their Twitter it's Renawii.
Someone go start translating that for me right now.
Ooh I just forgot. I can run the whole thing through.
You need to like tweet to them you know. Quoting them or something.
Yeah just tweet to them and say release your game in English please.
Best game ever.
No I'm going to go on the OLR Twitter right now and tweet to them.
Actually I'm running their Twitter through Nifty.
I love. Anyone if you want one of the best translators from Japanese to English.
Seriously. Just look up Nifty Global Gate.
So yeah. Say they keep calling it President Rina.
Okay. I'm going to tweet them right now from the OLR account. Can you send me the link to their Twitter in chat?
Yeah.
And then can we do the UK releases? Sorry I know you're like trying to do five things at once but.
Where's IRC? There it is.
Alright. So she's going to get me the Twitter there and I'm going to tweet them from the OLR account saying we demand that you release this game in English.
I'm linking it to the main chat room too because I want everyone.
Alright. Sweet. I'm going to go tweet them right now.
We want this game. We want President Kat. Sacho means Kat. President by the way. Rob. Sacho means President.
Gotcha. Well now I learned a little Japanese today. Alright. Let's do UK releases.
Okay. To end this stuff on the 23rd we have Borderlands. We have CSI Deadly Intent.
Fairy Tail Fights. Forza Motorsport 3. Ghostbusters on PSP. Grand Theft Auto Chinatown Wars on PSP.
Lips number one hits. What the fuck ever. Marvel Superhero Squad. Nintendo Presents Style Boutique. Ew.
Pro Evolution Soccer 2010. WWE Smackdown vs Raw 2010. And that's it.
Alright.
And President Kat!
No. Not in the. Here's what I'm saying to them.
I'm making an icon of President Kat.
We are talking about your game on our show right now and we demand you release it in English in the US.
President Kat for USA.
Alright. In fact. Please retweet the fuck out of this please. Thank you. I'm going to post it shortly.
Okay.
Also if any of our listeners that speak Japanese please retweet it to them in Japanese. Thank you.
This needs to happen. Alright. Anyway. There's probably some people listening to this show right now like.
Release date.
What are they smoking tonight?
10-22. Countdown will deliver a picture of their cute and funny friend, Rina.
Is a marijuana farm burning in Sacramento tonight? I mean seriously. What is going on?
SSJ100 Matt says Shermie is secretary of Katnipp.
Dude I love this Kat.
Alright. Moving on there's other video gaming stories. Believe it or not. Other than President Kat we will keep you posted.
Please again. Please please please retweet our message to Rina Wee. We want them to notice. Please.
Okay.
We want President Kat.
Alright. In other news that's not President Kat related and unfortunately makes it less important is Blaze.
Which is a company that makes third party peripherals for game systems like the Wii and the PlayStation 3.
Well they have now put out a brand new motion 3D controller that looks exactly like a Wii remote.
So much so I wouldn't be surprised if they get sued for it.
But. Hey whatever. It says it works fine at Sega Tennis and Tiger Woods.
But it looks exactly like a Wii remote.
Good luck with your lawsuit.
However. There's always a however. However. It will not work with President Kat because President Kat is coming out on the Wii and not the PlayStation 3.
Anyway.
I'm also making a call by the way for making President Kat be a trending topic.
I hope it works. Alright. Here's the thing. Why are they doing this when the PlayStation 3 is doing their own?
And how are they possibly getting away with it without Sony bringing the smack down?
I mean doesn't this kind of thing have to have some type of Sony license anyway?
Especially considering the fact that it works with existing games?
Maybe. I don't know how they're doing it. But it'll be something that's not very useful.
Probably won't sell that much. Especially when the Cosmic Ice Cream Cones come out.
But for right now. Hey if you want to buy this to use in your two games that it supports.
More power to you I guess.
I don't even really know how it'd work because it doesn't look like it has analog sticks on it.
I mean maybe that little grey circle is supposed to be an analog stick.
But I mean it looks like it's missing most of the buttons on there.
So I don't know. I'm confused.
It just looks like a cheap knockoff. Which I'm sure it is. But I still don't understand the legal end of it.
Like how they can possibly get away with it and how Sony is letting it happen.
I guess it looks different enough than the Wii Remote.
But it's basically got the trigger underneath where the B button would normally be.
It's got the directional pad at the top just like the Wii Remote.
Instead of just the 1 and 2 button at the bottom like the Wii Remote.
It has the 4 buttons that are normally on the face of the controller.
In the middle it's got 3 other buttons which I can't really read what they say.
I think it's Start, Select, and maybe the PlayStation button.
And then 3 more buttons kind of in the middle there which I have no idea what those do either.
But whatever. Like I said, if you really want to buy it then check it out I guess.
But it looks like cheap knockoff crap and you'd better just wait for the real thing.
It's tough when you're making this controller that really serves somewhat of a purpose but it's not that important.
It's not anything like the Frag FX or something like that where you're actually making something that you use a mouse to aim or something like that.
So it's more like PC.
But this, I guess it's more immersive for Tiger Woods but I'd really just wait for the official motion controller from Sony because it'll probably be even better.
And what's the point in dropping money now for something that's not very good when you can just wait a few more months and the official thing comes out.
I don't know.
Alright. Moving on to something that's so interesting.
I don't even know how to define this here.
This is a complete 180. A different type of story here.
But it has to do with Phantasy Star Portable 2.
Which, you know, we've been talking about Sega and crazy things from Japan tonight.
This is right up the alley of these types of stories.
Phantasy Star Portable 2 is going to be getting some product placement and it's kind of extreme.
First off, there's going to be Fanta products in the game like the drink, you know, Wanna Fanta, that whole thing are going to be showing up in Phantasy Star Portable 2.
They're still around.
Well, you're talking about the official drink of Germany during World War 2.
I guess.
But then also, something to note is that Pizza Hut branding is now going to show up in the game.
Apparently, you're actually going to be able to have like pizza related shields and swords and things of that note.
And I'm looking at the site that is running the story here, andreasang.com.
And they actually have screenshots of this chick and it doesn't look photoshopped.
Like, I think this is the real deal.
Oh, that's the real deal.
A little Pizza Hut box and a pizza pan.
Yes, you will actually be able to get like Pizza 2.
Seafood mixed pizza for 2500 Meseta and cheese and cheese pizza for 1900 Meseta will actually be available in the game.
There's a little like pizza place in the game and so forth.
So, I mean, I just don't really like get it.
Like, A, that sword and shield is god awful ugly.
But, I mean, what does pizza have to do with Phantasy Star?
I mean, I guess it's like product placement, just like you see in the billboards and the racing games here in the US.
But it's a little extreme, don't you think?
Well, keep in mind, Sega had a whole game based around Pepsi.
This isn't Farfetch'd.
I guess.
Pepsiman, Rob! They need Pepsiman versus Pizza Hut.
You can't help but go, okay, this is a little bit much.
Like, it's one thing in Crazy Taxi to have the KFC and Pizza Hut that you have to drop people off.
Doesn't Pepsi Cola own Pizza Hut?
I think so, yeah.
Is Pepsi gonna buy Sega? Is that where we're going?
Maybe that's just what's gonna happen, I don't know.
Tigerclaw in chat says, I remember seeing Pizza Hut billboards in TMNT 2, the arcade on the NES.
Yeah, it's not that, like, product placement in video games is anything new, although, you know, I don't know how-
It was Domino's in the movie.
I don't know if it's often talked about.
But, I mean, when it gets, like, in your face so much as, like, you're carrying around a giant Pizza Hut box,
and, I guess, hitting monsters with it or blocking their attacks with it,
I mean, it kind of starts to cross the line of WTF, LOL.
Deathwishing says, the acceptable games with product placement are sports and racing games unless they're futuristic,
but if it's a shooter or RPG, no, no.
And it's not cheeseball enough to where, you know, they really could be over the top with everything, like,
you know, have product placement everywhere and just, like, ridiculous weapons based on, you know,
you know, the golden arches or something, you know, that'd be kind of funny.
Crazy, crazy.
By the way, thank you so much to the people that are retweeting our message.
We have almost, like, a full page of tweets there of people retweeting our message.
They've got to see it. You know they're going to see it.
I've actually tried to translate a little bit more of it, so I think I've got the general story of the game.
Yeah.
So, you play as the cat, and you are part of a trio called Let's Going 3, so I'm guessing it'd be Ikimas 3, I guess.
And they are a very, very popular trio of cats.
And so, Rina, who is the editor-in-chief of production of a company, I guess, that puts out Shogakuken,
which is, like, a shoujo manga book, I guess.
This is just what I'm getting from the translation and from what little I can read.
But basically, the whole point is you're trying to get Rina and the staff to try to publish, I guess, the magazine
and try to do all this other stuff.
You have a minigame where you play the piano, and you have exercises,
but the whole point of it is to become president of the company.
Oh, and you have cosplay.
A cat?
You have kitty cosplay.
A cat that publishes an anime magazine?
No.
Mongo, whatever.
That's fucking awesome.
You have sixteen different kinds of cosplay.
I'm just giggling. This game is funny.
This is... seriously, game of the year.
This is gonna save the Wii.
I mean, because this is kind of like... the Wii is kind of a preposterous system to begin with.
This game just is right at home.
The Wii needs more games that are just OMG, WTF like this.
Amazing.
An Amazon JP is selling it for 4,410 yen.
When does it come out? Oh no, duh, I just read it during Japanese releases.
It's out this week.
Yeah, this week.
Someone buy me this.
Seriously, this is the type of random crap I would buy on Dreamcast.
Like, okay, I bought Super Producers.
If that game isn't random, I don't know what is.
Or like, what was it, the Roommate 202 or something?
Oh, I remember that one.
Or 232?
Yeah. Oh my god.
This is along the same... the Wii is the new Dreamcast.
Rob, the Wii is the Dreamcast.
Except, the Wii is actually selling a lot to soccer moms across America.
Alright, anyhow, let's move on with more stories.
DarkSakura, you're up.
I hate to make President Cat take over this whole show, but it's fucking fascinating.
I think it's fantastic.
Okay, so Microsoft seems to think that the PS3 is screwed this year.
They think that the 360 will outsell the PS3.
Aaron Greenberg, who is the big mouth of Microsoft,
is saying that when NPD releases the September sales,
they expect the PS3 is going to come in with the most units sold for the month
because of the Slim release, but overall,
that the Xbox 360 is still going to outsell for the calendar year
and for the entire system generation.
He compares it to a game of baseball where they may be ahead one inning,
but it's what you get by the end of the game, that's what counts.
So you may have won the battle, but you haven't won the war type of thing.
Exactly.
This is just one month.
And I have to agree with the article, this is burn.
He's quoted saying,
Sony, for example, has publicly noted that they lose money on every console they sell,
and with the price cut, they're now losing even more money.
So even with the PS3 in the market today at $299,
you have to question if their business model is sustainable.
I don't know.
You know, as much as I think, you know,
and I do admit I've been kind of in the past, especially on this show,
like really slanted towards 360.
I think especially this year, I have come a long way towards,
and I don't mean in reporting, I mean in, you know,
just what I play myself and what I've enjoyed.
I think this year especially, I think PS3 has gained a lot with me,
and I think, you know, kind of going into this holiday season,
I think the price drop was the best freaking thing they could do.
Let me tell you a true story, totally true,
is that the other night I was eating dinner with some co-workers,
and the people at the table next to us,
some like husbands and wives, about six of them,
in their mid-20s, and they were talking about video games,
and so I couldn't help but overhear because I'm a nosy motherfucker.
So I actually heard them talking about the Xbox 360 and the PlayStation 3,
and the guy was talking about how he's going to sell back his 360,
and the one guy actually said, and it had nothing to do with the quality,
I think they were talking financers or something,
I don't know, I didn't hear everything.
But the one guy said, well, you know, this holiday season,
I kind of want to get a game system,
but I think I want to get a PlayStation 3 because, dude, it has Blu-Ray.
You know, and now that those systems are getting closer to the same price,
you know, again, I don't think these guys were like hardcore gamers,
but they are just average people.
I overheard at a restaurant.
I think that Blu-Ray this Christmas season is going to carry a lot of weight,
and Microsoft's going to feel it.
But you can get a better quality Blu-Ray player now for cheaper
than the entire system costs.
You could, for the cost of a good PS3 bundle,
you could buy an Xbox 360 and a better Blu-Ray player.
I get that, but what about that PlayStation 2 is a DVD player mentality
that really helped out that system when it needed it?
You know, you, me, the other gamers of America, we get that.
But the people that are purchasing things en masse from Wal-Mart
and Target to put under Christmas trees, are they going to get that?
I still don't think that it's enough to save the system
because, I mean, really, I would have to see hard numbers.
I would have to look at their financial reports.
I'd have to see what it costs to produce a system, what their marketing costs.
Basically, I'd have to see overhead versus sales to get an idea to project.
It seems to me that they would have to sell a hell of a lot to make up past losses
and their current losses for overall system sales versus the overhead.
Now, don't get me wrong.
Can you tell I've been working in finance too long?
Now, don't get me wrong.
I'm not trying to say that I suddenly hate the 360.
That's certainly not true.
I think either way, Microsoft is going to definitely give them a run for their money,
and they're probably, in the end, will still come out ahead.
But I think if they were smart, what Microsoft would do is kind of go for the jugular.
What's the biggest, for the mass population, asset of the PlayStation 3? Blu-ray.
But what does the 360 have? Downloadable movies with Netflix specifically.
I think if they start marketing a lot with that in their Netflix partnership,
they are very likely to keep their head above water
and not let Sony get them down too bad outside of just September.
But we'll see.
It's going to be a very interesting holiday season.
I can't wait to see what happens.
I know what would save the PS3, Rob.
What?
President Cat.
Or how about Daytona?
No, President Cat.
Arena for President.
Moving on. Loki, more video game news, please.
That doesn't have to do with Cats.
Well, one thing that Sony doesn't have, unfortunately, is the Ballad of Gay Tony.
And that will be coming out, actually, next week.
Well, the 29th, I guess, two weeks.
They did release some new information regarding the multiplayer in the new episode for the 360.
Some of the things that they get, new areas to have Deathmatch and Team Deathmatches,
including some new and closed areas as well.
Some that are actually in the clubs.
Most of the Deathmatch maps that are out there right now for Grand Theft Auto
were all just pretty much spots in the city.
But these are actually in addition to that stuff.
At least, I hope it's in addition to that and not just replacing it
because that would really suck if they did replace it.
But we'll see.
Some other new things adding to Deathmatch other than just locations.
They have killstreak bonuses, where if you kill 3 people, 5 people, or 10 people in a row,
you get health and armor bonuses.
And also, if someone kills you, breaking your streak, they will earn $125 instead of just $100.
Also, for assists, where you do damage to somebody and someone else takes the kill for it,
you also make $25 for that, whereas before you made nothing.
And of course, they have new weapon classes to break things apart.
They've got episodic, automatic, sniper rifles, explosives, and sticky bombs.
I'm kind of interested about the episodic.
Lol, gay Tony has sticky bombs.
Hahaha. I'm interested to see if they actually, since it does have episodic,
if it will include both the first and second episodes,
which would be pretty awesome if they had some sort of cross-play with that.
Free mode, they've added some new options, including the ability to use the parachutes in the game,
and of course your tanks and the new buzzard attack helicopter, which is pretty awesome.
And that's pretty much it for right now, but very excited about this new expansion coming out.
Okay, so I have to admit, as somebody who doesn't really play a lot of Grand Theft Auto,
a lot of that was blah blah blah to me, so you have to kind of translate.
Is this going to be a good thing for the game?
Yes, it's going to be awesome. It's going to basically enhance multiplayer a lot,
and bring it to the over-the-topness of the other Grand Theft Auto games.
Alright, and that's what people love about it, right?
Yes, alright.
Moving on, in other news, speaking of big multiplayer games, Left 4 Dead, as you know, there was a boycott.
41,000 people had made this group on Steam, the Left 4 Dead 2 boycott group.
Apparently, it has been brought to an end.
And this has to do with one of the co-founders, Agent of Chaos.
You might remember a couple weeks ago, we talked about how they actually got invited to Valve's headquarters and so forth,
and we were kind of joking, oh, sold out and all this stuff, which certainly the community was accusing them of.
But they said, quote, our goal wasn't to steer people away from Left 4 Dead 2,
it was to get Valve's attention and have them support Left 4 Dead.
So apparently, since they have continued to support Left 4 Dead with content, they have declared the boycott over.
Hmm, interesting.
But you know, the boycott was a little silly in the first place.
It's also mainly because they were worried that Left 4 Dead 2 was just going to be some add-on crap,
and it's not going to be that much of a game to stand alone by itself.
And they really have added a lot to Left 4 Dead 2 to really warrant it as another release, and not just add-on stuff.
Do you think they'll continue to support Left 4 Dead 1, even while Left 4 Dead 2 is out?
I mean, EverQuest 1 still got upgrade packs, and EverQuest 2 is out.
Maybe. I don't know. Maybe. You never know.
Well, you know, I never understood the boycott to begin with, so I can't say this is...
Well, actually, it is surprising. You don't usually hear about boycotts coming to an end.
You just hear about, come to my online petition and sign it.
So I guess I have to say, I haven't really heard that before, but it is kind of lol-tastic that those guys actually went out to Valve and now they're canceling their boycott.
But, you know, whatever.
It was a little bit of a silly boycott in the first place, I think.
So would we have this problem if the game came out like a year from now?
Probably not, because...
And what if they had never released any upgrades for Left 4 Dead?
You know, I kind of go back to the thing, like, what does Valve really owe you outside of the base game?
You know?
Look at Madden. I mean, they have a bunch of updates and stuff from Madden, and there's a new version that comes out every year.
I don't see why they need to owe them anything, just like Need for Speed or a lot of EA games.
Who cares? You know? You buy it or you don't buy it. That's it, you know?
And you'll bitch and moan about it all you want, but...
Post to the internet on your favorite forum.
Yeah, post to the internet. You know, complain that it's not President Cat.
And then, you know, you'll just buy it anyways, because you're consumer whore.
And how.
Alright, let's move on to another segment we love to do here on the program.
It is a segment we like to call the Classic Game of the Week.
It's a segment where Dark Soccer actually goes into the video game Vault and pulls out one of her favorite classic games and she says,
You know what, bitches? You should be playing this game right now.
So Dark Soccer, you've dived into the vault and you've picked out a game that you think everyone should be playing.
What game?
I died.
Fine, you swam. I don't know what you did. Whatever you did.
Um, the classic game is...
Dude, dude, dude, dude, dude your way in there.
Is Hexen.
Not Heretic, but Hexen.
And this is actually the best quality of the music I could find other than having them.
Punch. Smack. Chicken.
So yeah, Hexen is a first person shooter that was put up by Raven and published by ID.
I-B-E.
And it's actually the sequel to Heretic, however it has better points to it, which makes me really put it over the first one that came out.
There were PlayStation, Saturn, and N64 versions, but the N64 one was the only really good one that came out.
It was the best conversion. The Saturn and PlayStation ones actually had some...
They were only one player and had some frame rate losses.
So anyway, you are playing as Kronos who is going on and you actually can play as either a fighter, a cleric, or a mage.
And they have their own different weapons and the fighter is mainly a melee, the cleric has special weapons and healing effects and the mage has long range weapons and is also pretty damn fragile.
So it's first person. You go through these sprightly, fake 3D places and smite things.
It was Doom with Magic.
It was Doom with Magic. And actually Hexen uses the Doom engine. So you can jump. You can jump.
You also have a hub system of level progression and this one actually had, where the previous ones used on MIDI music, this one actually used full Redbook audio.
You've got moving walls in the game. So they actually had to modify Doom's engine.
Also, the source code was released in 2008 so now you can get Hexen for Linux, which is pretty good.
And also it's compatible with a lot of the Doom source ports.
There was an expansion pack called Death Kings of the Dark Citadel and it had 20 new levels and deathmatch levels.
And you actually had to either buy it in store or by mail order.
It's just a really good game. It actually had some of the best cheats ever in it.
The NRA code was all weapons.
You can turn yourself into a chicken.
Seriously, you can turn yourself into a chicken.
It's the anti-Zelda.
It was a fun game.
I know you usually don't like first person shooters because they make you sick because they're so realistic.
This was sprite based.
Yeah, sprite based isn't as bad.
It didn't really make me all that motion sick. I'd have to stop because I'd get headaches.
But it didn't really make me full on sick to my stomach, ready to throw up on the cat or anything.
Alright, there you go kids. Your classic game of the week, Hexen from id.
Which you can still get. In fact, someone in chat was saying they were just playing it earlier today.
Who was saying that? I just saw it in chat a minute ago.
Gosh, I'm behind on chat or something.
Sorry, somebody had said they were playing. Oh, there it is.
Frisbee says, I was just playing this online today through school tag.
So you can play it, I guess, online in different places.
So check it out.
Deathwishing, I guess, hasn't heard the chat on the show before.
Wants to know, how do you get sick from playing first person shooters?
It's called vertigo.
I have a friend at work who has that real bad too.
She can't get on boats or anything. It makes her very sick.
It's just, I really don't know what it is. It's something between the eye and inner ear, I guess.
But it's like, I guess, I think it's that your brain starts compensating for the motion that it sees.
When your body isn't feeling the same motion and it causes a conflict in your balance.
That just makes me sick right away.
Also, another thing that will do it to me is rendering errors.
You know, like when Sonic Adventure, when the Japanese version had all those bad rendering errors
and the collision detection wasn't bad and you could actually see through the wall at some points and see the edge.
It's like, I couldn't process it. It would just stop.
I would literally have to close my eyes because it would make my head hurt.
HungryMrKrunk in chat says, I can't play Spyro. I get sick.
Well, is that motion sickness or just because you're playing Spyro?
Brad from Paw Culture says, well, Vertigo, it's a good flick.
Vertigo, shoot.
It's a good movie, but...
I did know who did the opening credits for that, too, because we studied it in my typography or my graphic design class.
Because the opening titles to it were so amazing.
Wasn't it the same as Psycho?
I think it was Saul Bass.
Saul Bass is seriously the best movie title designer ever, but I digress.
Death Wishing just seems to think it's bad games that make you sick, but...
Well, GoldenEye, which is supposed to be one of the best N64 first person shooters, made me really sick.
I couldn't play Unreal.
I couldn't play Portal. Oh my god.
You want to see me just get so sick? Dan had to play through Portal for me.
I would tell him what to do.
So that you could look away and...
I would tell him how to pass, because I could easily see how to pass all of the puzzles and everything.
But I would literally have to tell him, because the moment that I held the controller in my hand and actually looked at the screen to do it,
I would be sick. Katamari does it. Katamari makes me really sick.
I can't play more than two levels before I get way too ill to keep playing.
That sucks.
Alright, well, hopefully they'll come out with an app for that.
I didn't do it on my iPhone.
Well, iPhone's so tiny.
I didn't get that sick on my iPhone.
You probably don't get as immersed there.
Yeah.
SGA-100 Matt does confirm it's Sawbass.
Yeah.
I knew it was Sawbass.
Alright, for anyone who ever wanted to know, I don't know if you do, but Sawbass is one of my designer heroes.
So, just go watch the opening credits for the man with the golden arm and you'll know.
Alright.
Well, that is going to bring this Part A of Orange Lounge Radio to a close, but don't go anywhere kids,
because we'll be right back with plenty more tonight in Part B.
We have our rapid fire news, talking about some news about Final Fantasy XI, Mass Effect 2, and so forth.
And then, of course, our long stories.
We're going to talk about people getting banned from Xbox and why.
More talk about a Wii HD and a new peripheral for the Wii.
That is all coming up in just a little bit here on Orange Lounge Radio.
So, we will be right back.
Stay tuned.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio.
Live on this lovely Sunday evening, October the 18th of 2009, where we are taping the 341st episode of our show.
And during the break, we heard some music there from DJ Hero.
You can only hear that live, sadly, because it is copyright.
We can't put it in the podcast.
Kind of like what we did last week, except this time it wasn't the demo.
It was the full game.
Yeah.
Paul Van Dyke, you were saying you had a favorite song already?
Yes, that Paul Van Dyke track, the one we played, was absolutely awesome.
They had a demo online, or a little clip online on their YouTube channel.
I just love that song.
I couldn't wait to play it, and it's really hard.
It has a lot of cross-fading in there, and it's really hard.
I was actually able to listen on the iPhone app for All Games.
Which, by the way, if you own an iPhone and you don't have this app, it's awesome.
You should check it out at All Games' website, or just look for it in the store.
It's an application where you can actually just play All Games Radio without needing any other type of tuner program or anything.
It's amazing.
Noelle's is amazing?
What?
Chicken.
Chicken is amazing.
Are you enjoying the Kentucky Fried Chicken that I went and got on Parade?
Yes, thank you.
You know, I could have, you know, I forgot.
I could just have that autoplay, like the actual tracks I wanted, so they'd be flawless.
But it's more fun to play.
Yeah, it's more fun to play it.
Folks, we have breaking news here at Orange Lounge Radio.
We have breaking news developing right now.
The folks at Rina We, the president cat game that we were laughing hysterically at in Part A, they have responded on their Twitter.
And boy have they ever, I don't think they know what the hell is going on right now.
They responded to some, one of our listeners, Technicolor, who tweeted our message that said, please release this game in the USA.
They said, really?
I'm so excited.
Is this spam?
So, A, we know they speak English.
Even though they've been tweeting in Japanese, somebody over there speaks English.
And then they tweeted us and some other listeners, can I ask one question?
How do you know this game?
And I think somebody said back to them that they were hearing it here on Orange Lounge Radio.
They tweeted back, oh my goodness, really?
Thank you so much.
I'm talking about this with coworkers right now.
They are all excited.
If this information on some website, let me know the URL.
Please retweet.
And they've been corresponding with one of our listeners on Twitter, Edmund Lu, I guess, has been helping them out.
And they told them that we were getting it from playasia.com, the release dates, which is where I read the Japanese release dates from.
And they responded, thank you so much.
And they retweeted so that all their followers could see it.
OLR talked about it on their radio show, and it really looks like an interesting game to play.
And then they said, thanks, is this popular in the USA?
Sorry for many questions.
So in the scope of just that time that Loki was playing DJ Hero during the break, they've tweeted six times about this President Cat takes over the USA tonight, Life on Orange Lounge Radio thing going on.
I also replied to that last thing saying that, yeah, some gamers like that kind of thing, stuff other than the sports and the typical RPG.
And that I personally love those kinds of games.
Oh, less than a minute ago, they have responded to one of my tweets because I wrote them back saying,
we found it on our weekly Japanese release date reading and think we need more lolcat inspired games.
How can we help get game in USA?
I said, it's not popular yet, but we think if it was released here, that it just might be.
There are many piano playing cat loving people here.
And they just said, you mean game in English? Retweet.
Okay, so I'm going to respond, yes, basically.
Yes, game in English.
Okay, so sorry for the dead air. So I'm tweeting back right now.
Yes, game in English and playable on our American Wiis.
And somebody in the chat room is like shouting, get them on the show, get them on the show.
I don't know if Japan can call our 800 numbers.
We have a friend that lives in Japan who is currently, you know, Julie.
Yeah.
Julie is in Japan right now.
Well, could we get...
Julie is with Krista. Krista speaks fluent Japanese.
I wonder if we can get them on Skype or something. I don't know.
I'll tell them, they added us back so I can direct message them. So I'll tell them to email me.
I don't want to do anything tonight because it's all panning out too fast, but we'll try to get them on a future show.
I am going to love this.
AlphaCananagram in chat says, this is one kick-ass episode of OLR.
Let me put it this way, okay? There's many companies out there like Tomo, well not necessarily Tomo,
but was it UFO Interactive Games and stuff like that, they port really obscure shit.
I mean, just really obscure Japanese RPGs or not even Japanese RPGs, like Japanese shooters and just weird games, you know, for budget prices.
One of these companies could easily pick this game up. It's just, you know, whether they think they can actually sell some copies of it.
They just tweeted it again. And keep in mind, it's like noon in Japan on a Monday morning right now, right?
Because they're up across on the other side of the date lines. It's probably about noon right there.
And they just tweeted again, great people, awesome. And they put at OLR, there are many piano playing cat loving people,
because that's what I said to them. So this is amazing. So we're going to correspond with them.
They could do like a viral advertisement or whatever with keyboard cat. I think they could have something, you know?
They could get the whole main loving people. Especially if the price is right, you know?
Okay, so we may need your friend in Japan to somehow get a hold of these people and talk to them in Japanese.
I don't know if we can make that happen, but I want them on the show. This needs to happen.
They love us. We love what they're doing. We are going to get this game released in the USA. And dammit, it all started right here tonight.
Let me see if she's online.
Alright, anyhow. Anyhow, I don't know what we have to do. If we're going to have to do one of those silly online petitions or what.
But meanwhile, we have a show to do. We got to get to Twitter topics. Here's the thing, I am not prepared for Twitter topics,
because usually I can just click on the at OLR messages and they're all right there.
But tonight, because of President Cat, our Twitter is full, so I need to go back a little bit.
I'm going to mix things up a little. Why not? It's one of those nights.
I think we should put a post on the front page about, you know, bring President Cat to the US.
I mean, that would be awesome.
We'll figure something out. Absolutely. Maybe we can get some of our friends and Game Ballers involved.
I don't know what we can do. We'll figure it out. All I know is that all unfolding live here on Sunday night might be a bit much.
So, we're going to get into some Twitter, not Twitter topics, I'm sorry, fast news. Loki's going to cover some quick news stories for us.
Yes. Okay, so Final Fantasy XI The Ultimate Collection, not the first collection that they released on PC, but probably the last,
will be coming out, of course, for $20 soon. November 10th is the date that's coming out.
And actually, that will be coming out on 360 as well. And as you might expect, it's basically the game plus all the downloadable expansions and whatnot.
For $20, it's not a bad price at all, especially if you're looking to get into Final Fantasy XI.
Although, at this point, I would wonder why you wouldn't just wait for Final Fantasy XIV, but hey, to each their own and $20 is very cheap.
Also, Zen Studios, the creators of such wonderful games like Zen Pinball, Pinball FX, and The Punisher of No Mercy, are releasing a brand new game to the PlayStation Network called Planet Mini Golf.
It is going to be a game featuring 144 mini golf holes with several exhilarating courses around the world, they say, complete with crazy obstacles and six customizable characters.
And it looks pretty sweet. I love me some mini golf games.
Finally, as rumored, Sony is releasing a 250GB PlayStation 3 slim model over here in the US as well.
It is coming standalone, no packing games with that, and only for $50 more than the 120GB system, so $349.99 will be the price on that.
Which is not a bad deal if you're looking to really pack a lot of crap onto your PlayStation 3 hard drive.
So that will be coming out around November 3rd.
Alright, sorry, they wrote back again. I hate to keep going back to this, but I'm loving this.
They're asking their boss right now. They put, wow, ask my boss, haha, wait a minute please.
And retweeted our message about, yes, game in English and playable on our American Wiis, how can we help make this happen?
So, some executive at some Japanese game company right now is hearing about some crappy little internet show in America that wants this damn game.
Dude, totally want President Cat.
Amazing. I love the internet.
And hey, you know, maybe if all its fellows will just send us a Japanese Wii in the game.
Just put it on WiiWare. I mean, honestly, it can't be that big of a game. I mean, just put it on WiiWare.
President Cat!
Alright, well, when Twitter ladies, bosses, or guys, I don't know who it is, but when that boss gets back to them, we will have more.
Meantime, more late-breaking, well, not late-breaking, but rapid-fire news anyway.
News about Super Mario Bros. Wii, the new one coming out. Did you know Princess Peach is not playable in the game?
Actually, this was brought up recently in an interview with Miyamoto, and Miyamoto commented,
quote, I thought it'd be nice to have her as a playable character, but the Toad characters have a similar physique to a Mario character than Peach does.
And if one of the four had a dress, we'd have to come up with a special programming to handle how the skirt is handled in the gameplay, and that's really the only reason why Peach isn't playable.
Of course, if we had Wario in there, we'd have to program a way to make him fart.
Is that maybe a throwback to the fact that people in Super Smash Bros. Melee were just pausing the game to do upskirt cams on Princess Peach and Daisy? I don't know.
But regardless, it sounds like they're trying to skirt the issue. Her, her.
Mass Effect 2 now has a release date. It's coming out in North America on January 26th, and it's coming out in Europe on the 29th.
Is there really anything else you need to know? Well, you might want to know about the GameStop pre-order bonus that they're advertising, including Terminus Armor.
It will increase the run speed and personal shields, and augmenting weapons with an additional magazine of reserve ammo.
And then the M90 Blackstorm Heavy Weapon will generate a high-powered localized gravity well, accelerating particles to near-infinite mass.
So there you go, some pre-order bonuses for Mass Effect 2, officially dated for January, both North America and Europe.
Duels of the Planeswalker gets a new expansion on Xbox 360. They think the name is Duel of the Dragons, but it is being priced only 400 Microsoft points.
It is coming out on the 21st of October. It's going to add three playable decks and three unlockable cards for all of the original decks.
So there you go, some new expansions coming to Magic the Gathering, which hopefully you didn't forget was out there on the Wii.
Let's do Jamie's Stories. We never did our closed deck tournament, Rob. We never did, we need to.
Well, how about some news about Alpha Protocol, which actually really isn't very much news because I think we expected it.
It is delayed instead of being out, even for Christmas, they're pushing it back to Spring 2010.
But Obsidian, the developer, is actually pretty happy about that because it gives them more time to make sure it's really polished and looking the way that they want it to.
So I think that's a good thing. I would rather wait for a good product than have to deal with substandard.
Yeah, delays aren't always a bad thing. Delays can sometimes end out pretty good.
Also, two characters for Tatsunoko vs. Capcom have been released. We have Condor Nojo as Joe the Condor from Gatchaman.
He was G2, the one who always wanted to fire the bird missile.
Also, just to say, for anyone who watched Battle of the Planets, it was Jason. He was Dirk in G-Force.
Anyway, I'm the Gatchaman fangirl, so I'm very happy about this.
And then there's also Zero. Zero is going to be out, as in Zero from the Mega Man X series.
So that's going to be pretty sweet.
I actually watched videos of them in motion and it was epic.
Also, the team up with... they had Joe and Jun on one of the matches I saw and they did the Tatsumaki attack.
That was pretty cool. That was pretty damn cool. I'm looking so forward to this.
Except I really don't like what they did with the Tatsunoko logo in English.
It doesn't look nice. They should have just stuck to the Japanese one.
And, last but definitely not least, Blur is going to be in LEGO Rock Band.
And there are little blur-shaped, you know, LEGO stick people all bricked out for LEGO Rock Band, so that makes me pretty happy.
I'm just sort of laughing at the little Damon and the little Graham. I think that's pretty funny.
That's just cute. But that's it.
Alright. Moving on, we're going to get into some Twitter topics. You guys ready to do Twitter?
I know we had a lot of Twitter tonight with what the developments were present in CAT,
which apparently they just posted some type of comic that has our chat room in stitches right now.
I'm loving this. I mean, live radio doesn't... I'm serious. We should petition this stuff.
We should send it all out, you know, tell people why this game needs to come over here.
Well, let's wait and see how they respond.
I can actually read some of this.
Alright. Anyhow, I'm sorry. I didn't mean for President CAT to take over the show, but goddamn.
This is cute.
O-L-R-0, President CAT 1. Let's just face it. President CAT is the fourth host tonight.
Alright. Twitter topics, dammit. Things that don't involve President CAT, believe it or not.
Questions when our tweeters give us stuff at O-L-R.
Deekman wants me to remind you all, you can now post pictures to the photo stream.
So if you send a picture to pics at orangelaungeradio.com,
it will now go to our website at www.orangelaungeradio.com,
and it'll be right up there for everyone to see.
So don't send pictures of penises, or I swear to God, we'll remove this like that.
But if you have, like, gaming stuff you want to put,
or maybe it's a challenge this week to show our love for President CAT,
you need to upload pictures. In fact, who should give a challenge to the listeners every week?
I love this idea.
Since President CAT has taken over the show tonight,
we want people to upload pictures to the stream showing their love for President CAT,
because this will help the developers show that they are the next big thing in the U.S.
Let's make that happen.
Alright. I can't fight the adornment of this. It's too cute.
It really is. Like, the podcast listeners who aren't in chat and can't see all these URLs tonight
are like, you've got to be smoking crack. But, like, seriously, look at the website.
It is cute overload.
I hope they don't think that I actually know more Japanese than what I just posted to them.
I just said it was funny.
Alright. Anyhow, other Twitter topics going on.
Oh, shoot. I somehow accidentally clicked on an ad.
And now I've got to, oh, man.
No.
Now I've got to get the stories up again.
I'm going to fail.
Ryan Belknap wants to know, what do you guys think of Glee and Flash Forward?
I love Glee. I think that show is amazing.
Flash Forward, I watched the first episode, but wasn't able to watch anything after that.
I just haven't had time, because I've been watching a bunch of other shows.
My wife watches Glee. I've watched a few episodes of Glee.
It's okay. I just, you know, during the week with so much stuff that I'm watching on TV,
I try to get time to work on the cabinet and stuff.
And I normally skip out on that show.
But it's entertaining.
And my wife is excited at the fact that they're going to be going on tour.
So she wants to go see that.
Did that get officially announced?
I don't know. I want to see it too if it goes on tour.
I'll take your wife if you don't want to go.
And then, also, Flash Forward I've actually watched.
It's good, but it's slow. That's the only problem.
But it is getting interesting.
But it is very slow.
It's better. But I watch them both.
It's by the people who do the 4400.
But you know what I haven't been watching, though?
And I hear it's actually good this season?
Heroes.
Really? And I stopped watching it, too.
Because I'm watching House. Because House is on the same time.
I'm sorry. House wins.
Can I say, though, I got introduced to It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia the other day.
Oh my god. That show is fucking funny. Oh my god, that show is funny.
I've really been, like, kind of...
I don't watch that show regularly.
We were actually killing time between, like, a show and South Park or something.
So we turned it on. I'm like, I forgot how funny this show is.
It's just hilarious.
And Chat Room reminded me that a couple of people in Chat are saying,
Don't forget V starts in a couple weeks.
Oh my god!
I have two words for you. Fuck yes.
No, you don't know how giddy this makes me.
You've talked about V, like, five years ago on the show.
You've talked about it for a very long time. I know you love V.
And you remember when that book came out, how I read the whole thing?
Mm-hmm.
Like, right here on the show?
During the show? Yeah, I know.
That book was...
I was like, Jamie, time to do the story. What, V?
I'm like, fuck you, V.
No, that was epic. That was epic.
So I'm looking forward to V.
Spazinator wants to know,
How about the apparent leak by Naughty Dog on the official PS boards
regarding cross-game chat coming to the PS3 in Firmware 3.1?
Well, you kind of summed it up right there what the news story is,
and all I have to say is I hope so.
Sadly, as much as I've said nice things about Sony tonight,
I think that they're still lagging big time in the online war.
But they're free, so I guess you get what you pay for,
but this would be nice.
It's certainly a nice feature.
I mean, of course it would be. Yeah.
Let's see.
Gamer Girl asks,
What's the most fun game you've ever played?
Like, so fun that when it's over you'd play it a million times no matter what.
Oh, my gosh.
I don't know if I want to go like 8-bit or like newer stuff.
I can always play the Guardian Legends.
You know I talk about that game very fondly on the show,
and I love that game.
I can always go back to that.
If you want to go to a true 80s arcade classic, Dig Dug.
I can never stop playing Dig Dug.
Peggle.
Peggle.
Seriously.
No, it's like whenever anything happens and I have to wait for anything,
I'm like Peggle.
Seriously, it's all Peggle for me right now.
Mr. Dew.
Mr. Dew is Snow Brothers.
And soon, President Cat.
Mr. Dew is rad.
Redertainment asks,
I have a big pile of strategy guides I want to get rid of.
Suggestions?
If you have the versus Final Fantasy 7 one and it still has the poster in it
and it's intact, give it to me.
Also, winner is coming.
Because I don't want to pay $100 for it on eBay.
I had that poster, but my drunk girlfriend kicked it
and it accidentally ripped.
I had the strategy guide and poster and everything
and Dan's friend ripped the cover and drew on it.
It was a long time ago.
I'm pissed off.
That particular strategy guide goes for a lot of money on eBay.
Seriously.
The versus books Final Fantasy 7 one.
Rina, we just responded to you, Jamie.
Oh, Lord.
She's busy tonight.
Sorry.
It's taking over Twitter tonight.
I can't help it.
Anyway, that's going to do it for Twitter topics tonight.
Sorry if you guys didn't get through.
Don't forget, you can always send us an email.
Mailbag at OrangeLawnsRadio.com
and if you're really upset your tweet didn't get through,
blame President Cat because that's been monopolizing our Twitter discussion this evening.
I love it.
It's got a cat licking its nose.
It's so cute.
Exactly.
How about some other gaming news?
Loki.
I don't know if I could do any more gaming news.
It just feels so insignificant compared to President Cat.
But anyways, we'll move on.
So apparently people are getting banned for playing pirated copies of Forza and Borderlands.
Really?
Is that a shock to you that playing games that you've burned early is going to get you banned off Xbox Live?
But yeah, that's the case.
So apparently if you are going to go the illegal route with Forza Motorsport 3 and Borderlands,
you might want to wait until the game comes out.
Ironically though, you're going to get banned, but only your live account is going to get banned,
not your console because they still want you to buy games apparently.
But you can always create a new live account.
Or if you're really going to play this that early, just play it offline.
Or play it on a banned console.
I heard though they banned the account and not the console.
Yeah, the account.
In some way they knew whether you're playing a legit game or not.
I almost picked up Borderlands early too, but I figured I wouldn't get to it because I'd be playing DJ Hero.
And that's really what's going to happen.
I'm going to wait for Borderlands to come out because I don't know when I'm going to get to it.
And really that's the last game I'm buying this year, so I'm all set for the rest of the holiday.
I'll just cozy up, no fire, but I'll cozy up in my warm house and DJ Hero and Borderlands.
How though, because they say that you're not going to get banned if you have it legitimately,
but seriously, how do they know the difference?
I don't know.
But a lot of people are probably going to be surprised when that fall update rolls around.
Everyone playing burned copies of stuff.
I hope none of my consoles get banned.
Interesting.
Of course, ironically enough, and this is kind of off topic, but since I have modded consoles,
I'll go ahead and talk about it.
It's not even really the fact that they're modded, it's the fact that they're older generation consoles.
I've had a 100% failure rate with Xbox 360s, the first generation of them.
And I have another one that's dead, or that's going to die, it's freezing up now.
And it was actually one that Microsoft repaired.
Of course, I went and modded it, so now they can't repair it again.
But the new arcade systems, when they have the HDMI ports and stuff on them, those live, sort of.
It's just the older ones do not.
My sister's console, which I actually have a new one coming for her, the video died on it, which sucks.
But the one console though that is dying right now, I'm going to probably take some of the fix.
And I'm going to take the other one too, just to see if they can fix that one.
Because that's a different error, but we'll see.
But god damn it, seriously, talk about crappy hardware.
Although I love them.
And their console's good, and I will buy another one.
Because I'm a sucker like that.
Because Grand Theft Auto IV is awesome, and I have to mod it.
Well now, I'd be curious to know if Loki's going to buy this.
It's something for the Wii that has nothing to do with President Cat, but it does have to do with an exercise bike.
Now, I seem to remember on the show a couple weeks ago, we were talking about some type of patent for an exercise bike.
Well, it wasn't a patent, it was a leaked, like, advertisement.
Well, it looks like this has come to fruition, because Cyberbike Cycling Sports is coming out.
But here's the thing, it's not from Nintendo.
It's coming from publisher Big Ben, and it comes with a, yes, full-size exercise bike controller.
And apparently it's very easy to set up, it has an adjustable saddle, it has handlebars and all this.
It's also compatible with Mario Kart Wii, go figure, but the game that comes with it is called Cyberbike.
It's supposed to come out in 2010.
It looks stupid.
Okay, the other one, which looked pretty ridiculous to begin with, you know, had a smaller peripheral.
I mean, I could understand maybe having that, because that's a little bit smaller.
You know, maybe there's some games that might use it later on, but this is a full fucking exercise bike.
You do not need an exercise bike to go with the damn game, just buy an exercise bike if you're gonna buy an exercise bike.
Alright, um, moving on, DarkSakura.
Oh yes, I'm sorry, I'm still, uh...
No, I know, I'm so distracted with the Rina We thing, too.
They just, they said something again, to you.
To me?
I see, I'm a little confused now, many follower in English.
Oh, oh, gur, my poor English.
I almost feel bad, because they've got to be overwhelmed right now, because Twitter only had like 80 followers, which is fucking criminal.
Yeah.
And they've already got like 20 new followers throughout the show tonight, and it's probably going to continue to grow as people listen to this podcast.
Please go follow them.
They are feeling like probably a little overwhelmed at this whole thing, but people need to know, cats are adorable, dammit.
I know.
So if we're distracted tonight, sorry, this is...
If Keyboard Cat can be as popular as it is, if Keyboard Cat can get referenced in Scribblenauts, there is no reason.
Okay, if they can put out all these stupid party games that don't sell maybe a thousand copies, you know, they just, they're crappy, crappy, crappy, cheap ass party games.
Why the hell can't they port this over?
They port all these, you know, UK games that are like, absolutely not popular at all, like these franchises I've never heard of before.
And I can't get a goddamn cat playing a fucking piano.
Exactly, why can't they put out a cute cat game?
Alright, sj100matt in chat, speaking of the last story, says, wait, Mr. Garrison's Wild Wacky Action Bike, the game?
No, it's not that kind of peripheral, but I bet with a little duct tape, you can achieve anything.
If you want.
Question is, Rob, how quick before someone tries to put their penis in it?
That is always the quintessential question here on Orange Launch Radio, how quick before someone tries to put their penis in it.
And the exercise bike, not long, I mean, I don't know really where you would put your penis, but I'm sure somewhere it'll happen.
Alright, anyhow, sorry, Darsakura, we keep interrupting, I know you're trying to correspond with Rina Wee, but there is a show still to be done.
I'm just saying, thank you for being patient with us, I wish I knew better Japanese.
Well, back to Nintendo, Miyamoto has actually brought back a little bit more conversation in regards to HD Wee, by saying that they want to support new technology as it comes out.
And he's actually even saying that if he was a consumer that had an HDTV, he'd want to play his games with nice graphics too.
So they're actually going to be moving with it as HD technology becomes more and more prevalent, which really it is, I mean, you know what I mean?
But they are pretty adamant that they're going to focus on gameplay, but not close the door on HD. In fact, there's actually some financial analysts already that are saying that it's definitely going to happen this summer.
And I think that it's... I don't really know how they're going to do it, other than add-ons, but...
Well, I think, you know, we've been saying on this show for some time, the Super Wee or the Wee HD that will be backwards compatible with the original...
The Wee Double D!
The Wee with four eyes or something, Will, is inevitable. It's going to happen. I think the question is, when? And certainly, you know, summer 2010, I don't need a mega expensive analyst to tell me that.
I mean, I think I said that on the show months ago, that it's probably going to happen. Of course, I also called it for this year, so I'm not always right, but this is why I do the show for free.
But the one question, we'll let have President Cat. No, but seriously, I mean, Wee HD, is now the time or is everybody just getting over-anxious because Wee HD is what they want?
Loki, I'm especially curious to hear from you. I know you're doing other stuff, but I'm kind of curious what you think.
I don't want another Wee HD. I'm finding my Wee right now.
Is that just because you don't want to spend more money or what's the deal?
No, I don't think money is an option. Really, it's just the problem is I'm so jaded by what they've done so far with the Wee. Why do I really want to go through the gamble again?
Because tonight we have seen its potential.
Listen, OK, I am checking my bank account. Why am I checking my bank account? Because I am buying President Cat. This purchase is imminent, OK? It's happening.
I'm buying it, too. I'm buying it, too. I don't even have a thing that can play it, but I'm going to buy it. Why? Because I don't know. Don't fucking judge me. I just want it.
I will look at the manual and purr at it or something. I don't know. Someday my Wee will play it.
You want to pay for the massage for me? You can get me President Cat.
Plus, I oddly want to support this.
I do, too.
I hope the game doesn't stink.
Oh, yeah.
I don't care if it stinks or not. The whole fun is going to be the whole novelty.
Keep in mind, it's taken me a long time to actually sit and read the blog, just the little comics of the cat, but it's freaking funny.
Cat's like, why am I on your t-shirt? Pat, pat, pat.
I don't know if you guys heard me laughing earlier. Keep in mind, I probably read on a five-year-old level in Japanese.
Which is probably the perfect age of what this game is geared towards, yet we're all sitting here going, eee, cats, eee.
You notice who's not in the room.
Who?
Shermie. Shermie's like, screw all you, I'm gone.
Anyhow, Wii HD, I think it's going to happen. It'll be backwards compatible with all the Wii games.
It's just a matter of when. We know it. It's a must.
Oh, they replied and said, I wish I knew better English, too.
Aww. I just want to hug them.
You know, I am supposed to go to Japan next year. I should offer to come give her a hug, or him.
I don't care. I'll hug them, whoever they are.
Anyhow, Loki.
Oh, I'm sorry.
So, speaking of Xbox 360 updates and possible bannings of people and stuff like that.
There is another update that's going to ban stuff, and that will be, of course, the fall update.
It will be banning unauthorized memory units.
Yes, you may remember we talked a little bit about max memory units being put out by, I believe, Datel.
These will allow you to use a micro SD card and support it up to 2GB to 4GB of memory.
Which is awesome, because the Microsoft memory units are really fucking expensive.
For like $50 or $40, you get a 512MB memory unit, which is ridiculous.
Especially since, hell, you can get a USB drive for nothing.
So, being the greedy bastards that they are, they decided, hey, you know what?
We don't want you to sell this, and so we're going to block it.
So if you bought it, you're shit out of luck.
And there's nothing you can do about it.
But people are pissed, but Microsoft says, who gives a shit?
It's our console, we'll do what we want, nah nah nah nah nah.
I'm kind of on the fence with this. I think they...
They have the right to do it, but it's a dick move.
Yeah, it's a cock block move, is what they're doing.
And it kind of sucks, because the person who loses here is the consumer.
Not the developer of this memory unit.
They already made the money from selling it to the consumer.
It's the consumer who's shit out of luck.
But, if I'm understanding this right, this isn't aimed so much as things that might be in stores.
Because there aren't a lot of these unauthorised things in stores.
This is aimed at people trying to jerry-rig hard drives to do everything, right?
This is aimed at... Well, these devices are aimed at just the consumer, but it's a cheaper alternative with more memory.
But it's not being offered by Microsoft.
And so, therefore, it goes away.
It's the same reason why there's no third-party hard drives.
Because, I can tell you this much, hard drives are damn cheap.
And especially these drives they're offering for $150, you can get a terabyte drive for $150.
So, I guess that's true. Yeah, I think Microsoft does kind of rip off a little bit with their storage.
But this is, you know...
You know what's really disturbing is the whole wireless adapter.
You want to talk about how they really rip people off.
I hope they don't block out my wireless adapter just because it's not an official Microsoft one.
No, that they can't because it's USB powered.
And the wireless adapters, I mean, it's just by Ethernet.
They can't block that because it's not USB or... Well, the memory units are technically kind of USB,
but it's like some weird setup.
So, they can block it by the device ID.
Same with controllers if they want to.
I think they could block controllers that way too, but they don't.
Alright, but the thing is though, when the new 250GB hard drives come out,
there are ways out there to make your own hard drive for the 360 by modifying a laptop hard drive.
So, if you want to go through the trouble, you can do that for cheaper.
And now you can do it up to 250GB.
Amazing.
Moving on to another story about the Wii.
I want to talk about New Super Mario Brothers Wii and the whole demo play.
Remember this was very controversial.
We've talked about it in an extent on the show.
This is the whole, when you pause the game, you can have it play for you to get through certain parts of the game.
Well, now details have emerged on how it actually works.
So, see what you guys think of this, okay?
The mode is actually called Super Guide, okay?
And it doesn't really work exactly the way people think it would.
What happens is that if you die 8 times on one of the stages, there's 80 stages in the game,
if you die 8 times, then what happens is that you'll have a chance to hit a green Super Guide block.
What will happen is that then a video is going to show up, Luigi plays through the stage.
It's not going to show you hidden paths, it's not going to show you hidden coins,
it just kind of shows you how to get through the stage.
It will show you how the stage could be completed.
At any time, the player can jump in and take over,
and then the game basically will have played you through the parts you can't get through.
If you want, though, you can just let the game complete the level for you and move on to the next stage.
Now, Miyamoto has said there are some disadvantages to using Super Guide.
If you decide not to use the Super Guide at all during the game,
you stay away from the blocks and don't use them, you get something special.
Of course, that could be anything.
Could that be something new on the title screen?
Could it be an unlockable character?
Who knows what that could be.
But if you rely on them, you're going to miss out.
And, of course, just the whole morale of the fact you had to use the Super Guide to beat the level.
A quote from Miyamoto in a little article that is running on Destructoid right now,
I find that when the Super Guide block does appear,
I kind of feel regretful and guilty that I've let that happen.
So I've often found that playing the game, when that happens,
it kind of inspires me to say,
I've already done this bad, now I have to clear the level on my own.
So, you know, I guess they're saying that you just feel a general sense of,
well, you cheated to beat the level in order to actually get through it.
So, I don't know, what do you guys think?
Now that you hear the details on how this actually works,
that it's a brick that appears if you die eight times, what do you think?
Is it still a joke? Is it useful?
It's got a use for it, but, you know, at the same time, it's kind of, I don't know.
I've stopped caring, basically, I think is what it is.
It's like, it was fun to complain about and stuff like that a while ago,
but they've just hired me out, so I just don't care anymore.
And on top of that, I'll have you know that I've already placed my order for President Cat,
which will be here shortly after-
High five! High five!
Shortly after street date, yes.
To play on my modded Wii that will take games from any region.
That means we need the camera next week.
I just sent them a message saying, you know, that I'm one of the hosts
and that I have a friend that speaks Japanese who I can probably get to translate for us.
So, we've got several friends in Japan. We've got several listeners in Japan.
See if she could write a story for our website.
Like, just an interview. Interview them for a story on the website or something.
I'll talk to her.
Yeah, please do. I don't know if that would interest her at all, but that would be amazing.
All right.
President Cat!
Let's get some comments from our chat room.
Let's see. Gameguru says, problem with Wii HD coming out before the next Xbox or Playstation
is that it won't be graphically on par with them and won't initially have the Wii's fan base.
That's going back to a previous news story, but that's okay because I know there's a little delay.
XLink calls this Super Cheater 5000 is the name of the device.
You know, again, I think we have to remember the audience this is aimed at.
And I think for the casual player, this is, you know, going to be a good thing.
But I think for the rest of us,
I do really like the fact that you at least get some unlockable if you don't do it.
I just hope that unlockable carries some weight a little bit.
You know, unfortunately, Wii doesn't have anything like achievements,
so hopefully it'll have some type of E-peen that you can show other people
because who doesn't like to stroke their E-peen?
DarkSakura, don't you love to stroke your E-peen?
Yeah.
All right. One way DarkSakura likes to stroke her E-peen is every week she'll open up the mailbag
and read some emails from our listeners at mailbagatorangelaungeradio.com.
So DarkSakura, please open up the mailbag.
There wasn't very much when I looked in there earlier, but maybe there is now.
There's one.
One email.
From J-Rod.
All right. Well, let's read it tonight in tonight's mailbag segment.
And we'll just have to roll anything that comes in now to next week.
President Cat.
I anticipate we're going to have a lot of President Cat emails this week, but we'll see.
Hello, OLR crew.
I currently listen to the latest podcast on the feed where Rob and Loki completely trash the PSP Go.
What everyone who bad mouths the PSP Go needs to realize is that maybe the PSP Go is supposed to be a new PSP owner purchase and not an upgrade.
I never had a PSP before, but seeing all the stuff on PSN and the new PSP Go pushed me over the edge to get one finally.
It is a sleek portable, and the sliding screen looks cool as hell.
Now, if I owned an older PSP, of course I wouldn't buy the PSP Go the same way I wouldn't buy a DSi if I owned a Lite or a Phat.
I honestly don't think the PSP Go is even aimed at the current PSP owners, but new customers like myself.
So really, no need to take a shit on it. Just don't buy it and enjoy your current PSPs.
This email sponsored by the Olive Garden, home of the River Reading Salad and Breadsticks.
Um, I will say this.
And this is me.
Okay, this is just me.
If I was a new customer, and I was told to pick one to buy, if they were all the same price, I would pick the 3,000.
I wouldn't get a Go.
And we've said on this show that the PSP 3,000 is a great system. It's pretty cool.
And the thing is, I don't understand why you would pay more money for a system that does less, basically.
That's my question.
I'm not even talking about people that own a PlayStation Portable already, because there's no reason they need another system.
I don't understand that at all, why would you buy another one.
Why I said that, because I actually have two PSPs, but the 2,000 actually had a little bit more RAM and stuff like that, and it was a little bit different.
The 3,000 has a built-in microphone and whatnot, so that's alright.
But, the fact is, the 3,000 is cheaper.
It plays the same downloadable games.
Plus, you have the option now to purchase games that are on UMD.
Plus, you can get memory units and stuff like that for it.
Yes, it doesn't have built-in memory, but you know what?
Memory is cheap, so it's not really worth paying the extra money for memory that's in the system.
And that sliding screen may look cool and stuff, but at the same time, I'm wondering how soon that's going to break.
I do give them credit for the fact that they have the ability to sync up your DualShock 3 controller with it to play games when you have it hooked up to your TV.
I can't say that I've actually used that function on my PSP 2,000.
I mean, I've played games on TV before, but maybe once or twice to see it and check it out.
I don't understand why you would pay more money for a system that does less.
That's basically my argument.
But hey, if you want to, and if you think it's a cool-looking system or whatever, more power to you.
I got to try one.
A guy in my art history class had one.
Well, I didn't really sit and play on anything, but he let me hold it and push the buttons.
And I have to say that it really felt flimsy.
It felt really cheap.
My iPhone weighs more, and of course I have an old iPhone, but it weighs more than the PSP Go.
And the plastic just felt like poor quality.
I just really felt like if I had a moment of frustration and gripped it too tightly that I would break it.
I really had the feeling that it was fragile.
I want to take a quick poll in here because I want to kind of address the Sony people for a minute.
Because especially in reading some of the reviews on Twitter and so forth.
I'm sorry, not Twitter. Twitter's on my mind tonight because of everything else going on.
But on iTunes and everything.
People have been unnecessarily harsh to our program because they think we're slanted against Sony.
And I want to make it very clear, it's not the case.
We haze people when they deserve to be hazed.
And I want to prove that here with something.
And I'm not saying this particular emailer is a part of that because I know he's emailed us a bunch about various topics.
But I'm just saying, hold on a minute, because it works both ways here.
Quick poll of the room.
How many of you own a DSi?
No. I don't. I don't. Exactly.
None of us own a DSi either.
And for many of the same reasons.
Because what's the difference between a DS and a DSi?
It has a camera. It has a camera.
I'll get a DSi when there are more specific DSi games.
But other than that, there's no legitimate reason for me to have a DSi.
It's got a camera with it and the price points are pretty similar.
But at the same time, it doesn't warrant me purchasing another system that plays the same games, basically.
They put out a camera on the old Game Boy Color.
Guess who didn't buy one? Me.
Eddie is saying two cameras.
But here's something else to consider.
If I remember right, the DSi got rid of the Game Boy Advance slot, too.
Exactly.
So you can't play games.
Less functionality.
So it's, in a way, almost just as bad as the PSP Go and the PSP 3000.
Here's my question that is not really being answered.
What do you get with the PSP Go that you don't get on the PSP 3000 that justifies the increased price?
At least in the DS world, you can say a camera, the downloadable game service, and the SD card support.
Okay, fair enough. So you've named a couple things that you would with a DS.
And I even knocked on that.
It's not enough for me.
For me.
But for a new player, okay, now you have to weigh the pros and the cons.
I don't get to play Game Boy Advance games anymore.
Pros. I get a camera, SD card slot, and downloadable games.
What do I want to do?
But with the PSP 3000 and the PSP Go, you have to weigh.
Con. It's more expensive and I lose the UMD.
Pro.
Chirp chirp.
It's cuter.
It's sleeker looking and it's got Bluetooth support.
So?
That's it.
And with the DSi even, if you are purchasing a new system, you're probably not going to be able to buy any Game Boy Advance games anyways out there because they're not selling them anymore.
They haven't been selling them for a few years now.
So it's not going to be that big a deal if you can't have a Game Boy Advance slot on there to people that are just getting into the DS or whatever.
And the DSi would be a good purchase for them.
But if you have Game Boy Advance games and you have a DS, why would you go and buy another game system?
I'm glad to know it's not just us tonight because there's a little bit of DSi rabble rabble going on in chat as well, but there is some comments.
SSJ100Matt says, aside from them putting President Cat on DSi, I never see myself getting a DSi.
And ActDef says, Matt indeed, President Cat on the DSi and I'll buy it instantly.
Which, by the way, I want to say, how fucking adorable is this?
ActDef tweeted the Reno-y people to say, hey, I'm in Mexico. It's not just USA people. I'm in Mexico and I think you're great.
And they responded, gracias. How adorable. I want to hug them all. I do.
I want President Cat.
Aren't you going to be traveling to Japan?
I'm supposed to travel to Japan in June, yes. In fact, I will be gone from the show for two or three weeks.
Take me with you.
You got money? I'm going on a tour type thing, so we'll see.
Okay.
But, yeah, I'm excited about that. More details on that next year.
I may have to miss E3 because of it. We'll see.
Rob, I have to teach you how to shop.
I know. I'm not going to know anything. That's why I won't go to a foreign country if it's not in a tour.
I'm going to teach you how to shop.
All right.
And ask for directions.
Teach me five-year-old Japanese.
I will teach you five-year-old Japanese.
Hey, I know five-year-old Japanese.
All right. So, anyway, if you want more e-mails, mailbag at orangelaungeradio.com.
Loki, we... Oh, I'm sorry. Before we get into that, I'm just all off tonight.
It's all right. It's President Cat.
It's not even just President Cat. You know what started it all?
Do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do.
Oh, yeah.
You thought I forgot about that, didn't you?
It's official. Dark Sakura is in the corner crying.
I was not. I got you. And I flipped Rob off a lot.
This is just one of those shows. You know, I was driving here tonight thinking,
God, I'm tired. This is just going to be a crappy show tonight.
My headache spun away.
Yeah, no, this is great.
Seriously.
But I swear to God, if you make me sick, not even President Cat can help you where you're going to go.
President Cat.
Anyhow.
Rob, you know what I have? I have a case of meh.
Leo Shannon Chat says, Rob, I made that my new iPhone ringtone. Awesome.
DJ Dark Knight says, Flying shoe coming up, lol.
And X-Link says, I was also in the corner crying.
Those comments from our lovely chat room, chat.orangelaungeradio.com.
All right, well, maybe for those of you that are sick and tired of Daytona, this segment is just for you.
It's the FUs of the Week.
All right, so starting off tonight, the story that inspired our FUs of the Week.
Apparently, a 15-year-old was set on fire this week.
And that's not cool.
You know, as much as we joke about fire, fire is to look at on the Indiana Jones ride and yell cool at or fuego.
You don't actually set people on fire.
That is not cool.
And unfortunately, this poor kid, Michael Brewer, was set on fire.
And the reason why, because Brewer owed one of the suspects who's been arrested US $40 for a video game.
This video game debt apparently made the suspect steal the father's bicycle.
Brewer reported the bicycle was stolen.
The suspect got arrested, but the suspect was released from a detention center on Monday morning.
And then Brewer was waiting for friends in an apartment complex.
The suspect, I guess, came up saying he's a snitch, a snitch, and poured on him.
And they poured alcohol and lighter and, yeah, gross.
So, I mean, just, what a monster.
What an ass.
And over a video game debt.
And it commented, prompted one sheriff to say in 31 years it's the most heinous crime I've ever seen.
All over $40 over a video game.
FU suspect whose name they clearly haven't released because he's a minor.
But they should so we can dedicate this segment to him.
Dark Soccer, do you have any FUs of the week?
I'm actually just trying to verify that I was reading this properly because they asked us what President Katz is.
So I was going to say doesn't that mean president?
Anyway, I'm about to say.
But, yeah, FU to my coworker who I refer to all the time as Mr. Annoying.
For, I took a five year old baby in tattletaling on something that didn't involve him.
Logie, do you have any FUs of the week?
My FU of the week goes to pushy salesmen.
Especially people that come door to door selling stuff.
Because I'm always a sucker at opening the door and I really shouldn't.
So we had a guy that we were looking for roof quotes because we need a new roof on our house.
And this guy came and gave us this sales pitch that took two hours.
And, well, he was really pushy and annoying so it sucked.
And if I hadn't answered the door I wouldn't have to deal with it.
So FU that because I hate these people.
My FU of the week just goes to, gosh, tonight I've laughed so hard I'm actually not that angsty.
I guess my FU goes to drama.
Drama.
In general.
Although, honestly, you know, things are okay. I can't complain too much.
Everything's better with President Cat.
It really is. Although now we're finding out when the official people are saying what's President Cat.
Clearly that is not the name of the game.
So I just tweeted him, do you have a better translation?
I see that. Well, that's what I copied the actual kanji over because, was it sensual?
It's like, for example, there's a different word that's similar that means like class president when you're in school.
And so and so president. It's a different type of position.
And president would be the closest equivalent.
I still think that's a cool name for a game, President Cat.
I mean, even if that's not the translation, wouldn't that be awesome if we just named the game?
I think it would be like company president.
And you could do it. Okay. Get this. Follow me with this.
You could do it in the style, have the cat like kind of looking up in the sky, doing the style of Obama.
And that would be so the Obama poster. That would be awesome.
That could be the cover of the game.
We're going to make that the website. I'm telling you.
We're going to do it. I can't stress this enough. Please upload your your President Cat or whatever the hell this game is called.
Your fan art, your whatever.
Put it on the OLR picks thing and then tweet it to this poor girl who doesn't know what the hell she just woke up to today.
Here. And show them the love.
The cat, Renna is the cat's name.
Okay. Okay. I got the Renna part. Okay.
And Sancho, Shacho would be, I guess, like company president.
Just call it Obama cat and be done with it.
The game will sell millions of copies.
Now, it'll be on Fox News about how it brainwashes kids and will laugh.
The one Sukeban I think has to do with.
I think it means something about female something.
I don't know. I think Dark Tetsuya says top cat.
Oh, God, like top chef, top cat. I'd love that.
All right. Anyhow, let's move on with a couple more stories.
Sukeban means delinquent girl.
Interesting.
Or boss girl.
So is the game like naughty cat? Oh, that would be amazing.
So, well, I knew that has something to do with the girl because it's like I know characters who've been in series that have like Sukeban Dekka.
It has to do with like a delinquent girl who uses a yo-yo as a weapon or like a female gang leader, you know, for a school gang, you know.
So I'm guessing it's sort of like female boss cat Renna or female boss Renna.
Cat's not actually in the name.
Interesting.
So.
All right. Well, if they should download the show and listen to it, just know we've decided that that should be the name of the game.
All right. Anyhow, a couple more news stories for you.
And then the Skype line to say your piece on anything about tonight.
What says something on Twitter said that means boss cat boss.
Thank you. Akuma J.P. I'm so glad he's still listening, even though Justin TV hasn't been around for a while.
He's like the ambassador we need right now.
Plus, did you notice his little icon is him looking up just like Obama would.
Thank you, Akuma J.P. All right.
Let's get to a couple more stories and then we'll get to the Skype line at 1877 Game OLR for some stories.
Let's talk something else about.
Let's see.
We've got the possibility of a new DS on the horizon, which is interesting.
There's a rumor that the new Nvidia Tegra chip is going into the next generation DS system, seeing as it just did the DSi.
Whatever.
Guess you get to buy DS again.
And it's interesting because apparently it's going to be similar to the one that's like in the Zune HD.
And what's interesting though is it's got a really high clock speed compared to what the DSi is right now.
Because the Tegra APX has a clock speed of 600 MHz, whereas the DS cores right now run at 67 and 33 MHz.
And they believe that there's a potential that it could be GeForce 9-based hardware.
And if it's cheap enough, Nintendo might consider it their next DS system, possibly an announcement.
Maybe in another E3.
Maybe not next year, but the year after.
I don't know.
It's interesting.
It'd be interesting to see them being on the cutting edge of portable systems since their systems usually kind of...
I don't know.
Well, let's see.
I mean, the last system was emulating like Nintendo 64 games.
So this next handheld system should be like a GameCube in my pocket.
Yeah.
It's interesting.
Oh, President Cat.
Wait, would you say it?
They just posted again to all of us saying, really, I can't believe it, kind people, I'm impressed.
And great name, thank you.
So they like President Cat.
I like it too.
Chat room, quick poll.
Lost Cat or President Cat?
Who would buy a game called President Cat?
And as soon as that game comes, I'm taking a picture of my cat holding the game.
I'm going to take a picture of Shermie with it too.
I'm telling you, we are going to flood these people with USA love because what we're doing...
This poor guy does not know what they're in for because we're going to flood them with this stuff so they can take it to their people and say,
look, the US is crazy about President Cat.
We need to get them.
And then they'll be like, what's President Cat?
This is the show is the win.
Rob, when you put this show up, subtitle it President Cat.
I'm not even going to put a description.
I'm going to say, sorry, this show was dominated by President Cat or something.
Anyhow, let's see, quick response to our poll in chat room.
Do want, arrow pointing at name, I would, yo, I will, stuff on my President Cat, I would, now, ten copies, I would, my cat wants it, I will buy a hundred copies.
Nove Dea is buying copies for her cats.
I haven't even played my Wii in over a year, but if I can get this game, I'll break that trend.
And my favorite from M.A. Satsuma, President Cat is purrfect.
That's beautiful.
I knew what I'm just hoping though is that I'm hoping that at least this game isn't all like written that there's like vocal track with it because then I could play it.
Because I read like, seriously, I read like a five year old.
I know my numbers in a few other countries.
I just love the action.
I'm just worried the game sucks.
I don't care at this point.
I don't care.
It doesn't matter.
How can this?
Uh oh, what?
Uh, pod culture, Brad just became Rina Wee's 100th follower. We doubled their followership.
I love this show.
Some days I hate it, today I love it.
I mean seriously, okay, Wii music was put out by Nintendo.
Sucked balls.
Why?
Because it did not have a cat playing the piano.
And I'm sorry, it doesn't matter.
The game is going to be awesome.
And yes, I understand it's no Metroid Prime, it's no Conduit or whatever, it's not even a Super Mario Galaxy, but you know what?
It's a motherfucking cat playing a motherfucking piano, what else do you need?
They have games out there based on like Moomin, which is like some, I don't even know what it is, it's some character from Europe somewhere.
It's just, then we need this game. I'm sorry, we need this game.
I agree, we need it. We need it.
Alright, anyhow, one more story for you guys, then we're going to open up the Skypline and I can't wait to get to the calls tonight.
Castlevania, the Adventure Rebirth, more information has been announced.
This is a game, of course, heading to WiiWare.
It's been a Wii heavy show, we haven't had a lot of Nintendo news in a long time, but yes, of course, Castlevania Adventure Rebirth, this was one of the games that was spoiled from the ESRB database.
It is true, Konami hasn't really announced it, but we know it's true because you know what, it showed up in a magazine this week in Japan.
It's coming out October 27th for a thousand Wii points, and hopefully it's going to come here in time, maybe for Halloween, that's what they're thinking at this point is coming out in Japan.
It looks sexy.
It looks very sexy.
It's a Game Boy game originally, but they just completely remade it, it's now in color.
It looks a little more, to me, like the 16-bit era, like it looks like the Castlevania 4, Super Castlevania 4, but like, I don't know, this is going to be cool.
It will have new arrangements of classic Castlevania music, yes, and like the other Rebirth games that they did, they are going for a faithful 16-bit look.
What are you screaming laughing about there, over there, DarkSakura?
I'm just looking at all of the last 50 followers of Reno E, and it's all of us.
I love it, I love it.
Anyhow, can we move on?
I'm sorry, this is fantastic.
No, it's funny.
Tonight has just been a very special show, and it's about to get more special-er, as if there was such a thing.
1877 Game OLR is the Skype line, or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
Let's get to the calls. Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this?
This is DS Master 26.
DS Master, we're asking everybody tonight, President Cat, is it awesome, are we overdoing it?
Yes, I would buy it.
I would too. Alright, what's on your mind tonight?
Oh shit, Skype crashed again.
Son of a bitch.
Skype did that last week too, didn't it?
Bad Skype.
Alright, well, this is when, this is one of those rare cases where we will actually call somebody back, because he did get through fair and square, so we're gonna call him.
I don't know what the hell, Skype did this last week too, remember?
It's just being retarded.
Tigerclaw asked if I've updated it, you know what, I probably haven't, especially not tonight, because we ran in studio very late tonight.
Hi, DS Master, are you back?
Yeah, sorry, I think it's something with my PSP 2000 here.
No, no, it's us.
I'm gonna try to log into my 3000 call you.
Hello? DS Master, it's us, Skype crashed on our end.
Um, what's on your mind?
Oh, it's your end?
Yeah, it was our end. What's on your mind tonight?
Um, not much, other than I will buy President Cat when it comes out.
Other than that, um, I'm here to review, my friend got an early copy of Sixteen Empress.
Please go for it.
It's epic.
Tell us a little bit about the game for those that don't know, because remember not everybody that listens to this show is from the Bamani days.
Well, we were kind of thinking since this is going to be the last BeatMania for PS2, we might as well get it. And of course I don't have the phone of cash lying around, so uh, you know, my friend bought it.
And so, you know, he showed me some videos and whatever, and I thought this was kind of cool.
And now with DJ Hero coming out, the question is, is that going to, you know, is that going to be the competition in Konami to run for their money along with Scratch DJ?
Do you think this is going to, you know, blow off the BeatMania fans to go get the DJ Heroes and Scratch games for the world?
Well, let's not forget these games aren't here in the U.S. I mean, those that are buying this game are not supporting anything in the U.S.
You're supporting Konami of Japan, but you're not really supporting anything here, and I don't believe DJ Hero is out in Japan anytime soon. Right, Loki? Do you know?
I don't know.
I don't think it would be anytime soon.
Probably not.
So the two games really aren't competing against each other. I know a lot of the Bamani community wants to think it is, but they're really not.
Because we all know that DJ Hero will come out in Japan soon, because Guitar Hero is out in Japan, I mean, as far as the On Tour games, as far as I know.
That would be true. I'll give you that.
And some of me thinking, this is the competition for the Guitar Freaks, Drummanias, and especially with Rockman out there now, too.
So, Konami tried Rock Revolution, that was a crap shame, as we all know. And this, I think, may be their final nail in the coffin.
It doesn't say when it's going to be out over there, but it says October 2009 is the release date for DJ Hero over there, so it very well could be coming out around the same time, although, I don't know.
Alright, well, DS Master, do you have anything else, quickly, before we let you go?
Um, other than to say, I give Sixteen Empress, you know, since I'm a factor, it's probably the last beatme for the PS2, because I'm waiting for a PS3 launch before I actually buy one of those consoles.
Um, I, it's, in the point of President Cat, it's purrrrfect.
It is purrrfect, and Skype just crashed again, so if you can hear me, Skype crashed again.
I don't know what the hell is going on tonight, but Skype crashed again, so sorry to DS Master 26, but at least he got his thoughts out.
So, live radio, unfortunately, this kind of stuff is going to happen.
We got another reply from Rina Wee.
What happened now?
It says she has a bit of the queen type.
So maybe it's Queen Cat?
Queen Cat.
I don't know if Queen Cat, I think President Cat has a better ring to it.
Boss Cat.
Or Boss Cat?
The boss of the cats in the house.
Almost like Top Cat. But if you saw these games on the shelf, which one would jump out to you? I think President Cat would jump out to you.
That shows a little bit of the US flair to it, right?
Mmm.
Because in Japan, they don't have a president, they have a prime minister, correct?
Yeah, but I think that when it comes to representing the game, you're not actually being a president president, but, you know. Anyway.
Alright, let's go to another call. Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Hi, this is Ray Ayanami.
Hi, Ray Ayanami. Hey, quickly, we're polling all of our callers tonight.
If President Cat was released in the US, would you buy it, or do we need to shut the hell up?
Um, sorry, why the hell not?
Have you not been listening to the show tonight?
I have been, I just didn't go to a gentle party, since I was busy with homework and such.
Oh, okay, well then we'll give you a buy. Well, what's on your mind tonight?
So, I've been looking at the 2D shooters, like, this decade, and I've been noticing a recent trend.
Like, they need to have, like, a bullet hell shooter with lots of cutesy anime characters.
And it's kind of getting me worried about the 2D shooter genre.
Mm-hmm.
This means that, like, more traditional shooters with starships made out of characters are being phased out, and I have friends who are mostly into stuff like Toho, and Psych Witches, and Death Moth, and all the other...
...Moet, Moet shooters.
And I was feeling that if I were to show them something like archives or something of the force, they'd probably say no.
And one offer, them playing whatever they want, it makes you realize, in the future, it's all we're ever going to see of shooters, and it'd be nothing but cutesy bullet hell shooters that are all, like, cropping topics of each other.
Let's say you were a game designer. What would you do to make a 2D shooter interesting?
Mm-hmm. Interesting is in, like, for people to, like, make a shooter that was more of the aforementioned traditional shooter, like, how to make it more interesting.
I'm sorry, I missed that. What?
Wait, what do you mean by how to make a shooter interesting is how to design a shooter?
Like, because, you know, you kind of are saying that a lot of the games are kind of copies of each other, so what would you do to kind of break the mold?
Well, because as I mentioned, I want to make more shooters that are, like, they don't have lots of worlds, but it's something that makes the game challenging to other than really pretty board patterns, like, kind of more of a sort of more traditional shooter, like Gradius Rebirth.
Gradius Rebirth is pretty cool. I like these Rebirth series that Konami is doing recently. Did you just hear us talking about Castlevania Rebirth?
Yeah, I did.
What do you think of that? Is that going to be interesting? I know it's not a shooter, but I figure you're a fan of that series, too.
Yeah, I'm a Castlevania fan, too. I've played most of the Metroidvania and some of the older Castlevania games, but I'm going to give it a shot. It depends on what elements it decides to borrow from past games.
All right. Well, we're going to let you go, buddy, so we can get some more calls, but do yourself a favor. Listen to Part A tonight, because we're just crazy tonight, all right? Take care, buddy.
1-877-GAME-OLR, username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio. We're going to take your calls right now, and of course we are polling all the callers tonight about President and Cat.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
Hi, this is Spazinator.
Hey, Spazinator. How you doing?
Oh, pretty good, Huck. How's everything over in President Cantland?
Yes, wonderful, and we have to ask you, are you interested in buying President and Cat, or are we making too big of a deal out of it?
I might get it, assuming that I ever do get a Wii. That's the only current council I don't have yet, but I may get a Wii just for President and Cat.
All right, I'm just going to put you down as a yes. All right, what's on your mind tonight?
Yeah, I don't know if you saw one of my earlier tweets today before your show went live, but I have asked the three of you if you have seen Detuned on PlayStation Network Store yet.
I have not seen this, but I know you were tweeting some things about it. What's this all about?
It simply puts like a cross between Linger and Shadows, which has been on the store forever, and music visualizer.
It's kind of both of two things together, and that's what Detuned is. It's not actually a game, it's part art and part music visualizer, and like any other game for the PS3, it also has trophies.
So if you're kind of like bored of your music visualizers on the PS3, and you need something else to look at, if you're a trophy whore, then I suggest getting it to Detuned.
Is there a demo that I can check out?
Not yet, but I would imagine that probably they may come up with one soon. When exactly, I don't know.
I'm trying to see if maybe there's like a YouTube or something I can kind of check out here.
I'm looking, I actually just loaded up somebody's video that looks like they shot their TV to show this game, and I'm trying to look at a little bit of the game in action here, so I can kind of see what it looks like.
But this looks like a very, oh this looks crazy. Dude, there's like elephant, maybe President Cat needs to go to PlayStation Network. Seriously, if this game's on it, I don't know.
What the heck?
Yeah, and also, the other thing I mentioned in the same tweet is that I know you kind of talked on it earlier on, and I know you're not exactly the type of gamer, but you know, I'm tired too with one of the more recent games I got, and I swear to God, it is pretty good.
And you know, if you like, you know, the Indiana Jones type of stuff, you know, I would suggest getting it.
You know, you're seeing that every major company out there that does reviews gave it basically purpose.
I know, I saw. The reviews are nothing but positive. I'm sure the game's great, it's just, you know, I don't usually play those type of games, but I probably will check it out right after I get President Cat, okay?
Sure.
All right. Take care, buddy. We're going to let you go so we can get some more calls. Have a good one.
I have to hear that.
Yes, you too.
Later. 1877 game, OLR. Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
It's Legend of Zaku.
Zaku, you know what I'm going to ask you first. President Cat, yay or nay?
If he offers as much change as Obama, then yay.
All right, I'm all for it. What's on your mind tonight?
Nothing much, just trying to reflect on this weekend. Obviously, I popped my Rocky Horror Picture Show cherry last night.
Did you really? What did you think?
First of all, how did you get de-virginized?
Let's say I had to fake an orgasm.
Nice.
That's pretty standard.
At least you didn't have to do the Twinkie or Banana Blowjob.
Did you have a good time?
It was pretty good, to be honest with you.
Aside from that, I'm just mulling over the bullshit decision that Infinity Ward made over the weekend regarding Modern Warfare 2 PC.
And what's that?
Killing off dedicated servers, basically making the whole game a living hell for clans and the ability to mob the hell out of it.
This seems to be a trend this year with PC games.
The only reason why I say that is because remember what a hissy fit everybody went into over Starcraft 2?
You can't play on LANs right now.
It seems like all these game companies want to centralize things on their own servers for various reasons.
It's not even that. It's just that they're introducing matchmaking as an integral part of Modern Warfare 2.
Basically bringing it down to the level of consoles.
Not that it hasn't been done already.
Left 4 Dead does it, but what I hear is not as severe or drastic as what Infinity Ward is trying to do.
And that worries me right now because if you have no means of setting up dedicated servers and you have to rely on other people's connections, it'll just be like Xbox Live.
And it basically kills off any aspect of gaming, playing against more than 16 people at the same time.
The fact of the matter is that dedicated servers pretty much has always been the norm for PC games for the most part.
Growing up playing on Quake 2 for example on dedicated servers.
I don't know, I guess they're going ass backwards.
I guess it's worse being regressive regarding this. And it's pissing off a lot of people. A lot of people canceling their pre-orders.
So either that or they're being kept in the dark regarding this.
My god, are you tearing your computer apart during the show?
No, no, no. I was going to get Modern Warfare 2, but after reading this I'm kind of questioning that notion of actually investing in that game.
It's tough for me, Zaku, because you know Modern Warfare isn't the type of game I would usually play.
But obviously I know it's going to be epic, especially for fans of that genre. I'm not going to knock it because it sets trends.
But I can see where people are getting a little irritated, but really you're going to go without the game completely when it's going to be this year's biggest game?
I understand that it's supposed to be Halo and all the other games.
But when you basically cut off the bread and butter of most clans and the fact that they won't allow me to play with the same regular people.
As I normally would if I find a good decent server for that game.
And I have to play with just some random Joe Shmuck, whoever the hell is at my level.
It kind of turns me off. I went through the same thing when playing Call of Duty 4 on 360.
It was just a lot of ass hattery and it just didn't feel right when I should be playing that game on my PC with a decent server where everyone at least knows who you are.
Alright. Zaku, any quick thoughts before we move on to some more calls?
Infinity Ward needs to either release more information or just really rethink about what they just said, about what they're planning to do.
Because they've already lost one sale out of probably thousands if not millions.
At least that's money you can invest in, President Cat.
Alright, take care Zaku. Have a good night.
Have a good one.
Speaking of President Cat, the updates keep coming. They're trying to explain to us what it is.
And basically they tweeted us to this Google image search that shows us what the Sukeban is.
That was Yo-Yo Cop Girl.
That's completely mistranslated. Sukeban, that's a word I knew.
Because like I said, it means a boss girl. And that's the typical look.
Rob, did you ever play Project Justice?
No.
Well there's a character in that called Zaki who wore the long skirt and everything with her uniform.
And it's like a girl gang leader.
So maybe they need to call the game Mistress Cat because these look like a mistress.
But I just like the name President Cat and I do want to point out in all these pictures, look at the colors the Sukeban are wearing.
Red, white, and blue. Am I right? Am I right?
That's just typical uniform colors though.
Coincidence or not, it's funny and adds to the cause. I still like the name President Cat.
At any rate, I think the best way to describe the title of the game is basically we've been going and I said,
oh she controls the house and they were going, no she controls the office.
So I think it's like she is sort of like the real leader of the office. You know what I mean?
Like Shermie is the real princess of the house. She inserts her own control over the house.
More calls at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Loki, do you have any last minute stories? I see you looking at something about...
Oh, I was just doing search for the cat thing and there's someone talking about it.
They thought it was a Dreamcast game. It's the NTSC-UK forums.
We're talking about the cat game. They call it the Dreamcast Cat game because it has a little Dreamcast swirl on it.
Spirals on our cheeks for the blush.
Well did you respond and say it's fucking President Cat? Now salute.
No, I didn't say that. However, I did notice that there was someone that posted on the Game Facts forum,
the only post, I suspect, to act deaf, that said President Cat for 2012, you know what you want or something.
I love that idea. Go flood the Game Facts forums with President Cat love. Please.
That is the most awesome Suki Bhandeka picture ever.
And I understand that, you know, President Cat isn't necessarily what it translates into,
but, you know, bossy or authoritative, you know, female cat just doesn't have the same ring as President Cat.
And the president of a company, CEO Cat, I mean...
Yeah, exactly. I think President Cat has the best ring to it. We'll see what happens.
You could do Company President Cat.
All right. I don't think we're getting any other calls. Do we have any... Oh, sorry.
Grand Empress Cat.
All right.
Loki, do you have any last minute stories?
So, just like they did with the NHL, EA is bringing Madden NFL Arcade to Xbox Live Arcade and PlayStation Network.
It will be a five-on-five football game with kind of like a backyard scenario.
They say the first of 30, four plays per progression, no penalties, no field goals.
And that'll be coming for $15 in some time in December.
Also, Nice America wants to bring A Holy Invasion of Privacy Bad Man to UMD.
Ironically enough, this game was originally going to come out in UMD, but for whatever reason, it got cock-blocked into download only.
But they're looking for 1,000 fans to basically promise that they're going to pre-order the game.
And if you do that, by November 13th, they will bring out the game.
Interesting.
Yes. Apparently, third-party publishers are not required to release PSP games on the PlayStation Store.
All the more reason that you have the option of buying a UMD game.
And that's why you need to own a PlayStation 3, or PSP 3000 and not a Go.
But, you know, hey, you're just limiting your options.
Finally, Borderlands, a game that hasn't even come out yet, is already getting its first bit of download content.
It's almost kind of tying in with, you know, the, I guess, Halloween season.
But the Zombie Island of Dr. Ned, apparently, will be the first bit of download content for $10.
And it'll be on the PlayStation 3, Windows, and Xbox Live Marketplace.
And apparently, it's... I don't know what's coming out there.
I don't know if that's going to be released at launch, or if it's slightly afterwards.
Yeah, later this year, they say. So, interesting.
Alright, I got a couple stories that I missed on the Twitter of the Tigerclaw.
Really wanted me to mention for you guys, so I said sure.
Because I got, obviously, I've been extremely distracted on Twitter for tonight.
GameStop has mentioned what the Super Street Fighter IV price and ship date is.
But remember, this is in their system.
It doesn't mean it's necessarily 100% true, but it's nice to imagine.
That it is really going to cost $39.99 on the Xbox 360 or PS3.
And that the date it's coming, March 23rd, 2010, is the rumored date.
Also, in related news, I think this was something that was briefly covered on a previous show.
The Cleveland fan, John Thompson, also known as Big Dog, had recently sued EA.
Because EA used his likeness in Madden NFL.
He's one of the super fans that actually dresses up as a dog for the games.
Yeah, I can't really explain it either, but I'm assuming if you follow football or live in Cleveland,
you know what I'm talking about.
He has settled the suit, apparently, $25,000.
So, there you go.
I'm sorry, the suit has been settled not necessarily for $25,000.
That is what he was seeking originally, but we don't know exactly how much it was settled for.
So, there you go.
And that's going to do it for Last Minute Stories tonight.
No other calls on Skypline tonight, so I guess that's it.
We just have shy callers tonight.
So, that's going to do it, I guess, for tonight's episode of Orange Launch Radio.
Thank you guys so much for tuning in to us and supporting our show.
I know it was a crazy-ass show tonight, but you know what?
It was fun. It was a lot of fun.
But I'm just waiting for the backlash to begin on President Cat, but you're a fool if you don't support it.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
Oh, hey, hey, guess what?
Oh, God, more?
Yeah.
Renna Wee says, yeah, I like to and I think President Cat is better.
So, they like President Cat.
So, now I've got a goal to make President Cat a trending topic on Twitter.
Good luck with that.
It takes a lot to get a trending topic, but I think the more we can show that, again,
I'm totally serious about let's use our picture stream for something really useful.
Send in President Cat fan art, something that we can send to them so they can show people.
That's how this is going to happen.
They have to be able to prove to some American publisher that America actually wants this game and that it's not a fucking joke.
You know what?
What?
I think we need to start a Shermie blog.
I'm serious.
Shermie needs a Twitter?
Shermie needs a Twitter.
Shermie is going to be like  well, no, they have their little blog for their  for Renna, yeah, who is like the boss cat and all the other.
Seriously, I was just reading this one about this other cat going, oh, you know.
So, it will be Shermie's goal to get President Cat out in the U.S.?
Yeah.
And she can be  or Shermie can be Secretary of Fat because Shermie is a fat cat.
She is.
I love my big fat baby.
But she's awesome.
My big fat hairy stinky baby.
And Rama reminds us about the OLR ferret.
We don't know who started OLR ferret.
I think it's Jason, but I don't know for sure.
Like I don't know who OLR ferret is.
So, it could be Dekeman.
I don't know.
It's probably one of our web geeks behind the scenes.
But we don't know who started that.
But hopefully, OLR ferret will get in on the cause too.
Anyhow, you haven't heard the last of President Cat.
We finally found a cause here on Orange Lounge Radio, one of several causes I'm sure.
Oh, we got one more call coming through on the Skype line.
Let's take a call.
Hi.
You're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Thank you so much for downloading and supporting Orange Lounge Radio.
Oh, we didn't get everybody's final thought.
I'm sorry.
Loki, your final thought.
My final thought is Daytona.
DarkSakura, did you have anything else you wanted to add?
Meow.
My final thought is President Cat for 2012.
Actually, 2010.
We need President Cat a lot sooner.
Governor Cat in 2010.
Governor Cat.
We need President Cat to take over the mafia.
All right.
That's going to do it.
Thank you guys so much for downloading and supporting Internet Radio.
President Cat.
And President Cat indirectly.
Look, guys, honestly, I said it before in a minute.
There's millions of shows talking about Uncharted 2 this week,
and we're certainly not hating on the game by any means.
We're just like you.
We don't get paid.
Did somebody put that on our Twitter?
Ikuma JP put a picture of a kitten dressed up as a Sukeban,
so I'm going to post that on our Twitter.
I fucking love it.
Not the Twitter, but on...
Place that in chat for chatters.
Can C, please?
Thank you.
God damn, the show's amazing tonight.
All right.
Thank you, guys.
Honestly, I meant it when I said it earlier, you know,
and we're certainly not hating on Uncharted 2 by any means.
We're just like you.
We have to pay $60 of our own money if we want to play the game.
They don't send us this stuff for free,
so we'll get to those stuff eventually.
But seriously, what other show are you going to hear about,
President Cat, on this week?
Let's make it happen, guys.
It's the OL Army, and the way you can help us out,
always just tell two friends about our show and help spread the word.
From us to you guys, thank you so much.
We'll see you next week.
We'll be back to do this all again,
and I'm sure plenty of updates on this whole President Cat thing
and even more of gaming news because it's just a lullsy time
here at Orange Lounge Radio.
So on behalf of myself, DarkSakura, Loki, doo-doo-doo-doo guy,
and President Cat, we'll see you next time.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com
Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio
do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff
of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com,
but we're probably right anyway.
See you next week.
