Orange Lounge Radio
We the hosts, Dark Sakura, Sky and Loco.
Orange Lounge Radio
Orange Lounge Radio
Is that Sim Topless? What is the deal over there?
Do you have naked sims on your computer?
No, he's not naked, he's just wearing shorts.
Oh hi, we're live. Hi, we're live.
Actually, we're not live, we're taped tonight.
It's a little special edition of Orange Lounge Radio.
This is the voice from the past!
That's right, scary ghost of Christmas past.
No, we're pre-taping tonight.
Obviously, if you've been following OLR, we're out this week.
As you guys are hearing this live on All Games Radio,
I am far, far away in a strange, mystical land that they call LA.
Or LA.
Dork.
So yes, we're having a little bit of a pre-taped show tonight.
So let me introduce ourselves if you've never heard Orange Lounge Radio before.
I'm very sorry this had to be your first episode,
but regardless, my name is Rob Roberts,
and joining me is always say hello to the one and only,
Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Not here tonight, who plays with naked sims, just so you know.
I'm not playing with naked sims.
Not here tonight is the one and only tech master, Loki.
We're taping not live on a Tuesday night,
and Loki just isn't here.
He didn't show up.
And to be fair, I didn't call him tonight.
I was going to say, shouldn't you have called?
Well, probably I should have,
but here's the thing is that then we'd have to wait 30 minutes for him to show up,
and I'm just like, I want to get the hell out of here and get some dinner tonight.
He missed the boat.
I want dinner.
Should we call Matt and see where he's at?
Nah.
No? Let him have his peace?
He could be being intimate with the wife right now.
That's true. I don't know.
So Loki, I guess, just forgot that we were going to pre-tape a show Tuesday night.
Technically, we're just taping.
He's missed.
Our aim is always improving, though.
How do you pre-tape?
Silly little...
That's what they call it. That's industry speak for...
Silly little prefixes.
Now, I think we were going to do a best of tonight or something.
I think we're going to roll that over until later,
because one of our listeners slash staff members,
in other words, he listened so long we decided to just make him a staff member,
Dar Tetsuya, is like putting something together out of some really old episodes.
And, of course, this wouldn't be...
It just wouldn't be OLR if the music I didn't intend to play started playing.
There we go.
How does that happen, even when we're not live?
I had two songs queued up tonight.
The open and the Twitter topic song, which we'll get into a little later.
I fail.
Isn't it nice to know that even when we're not live,
we can still have technical difficulties?
Amazing.
It wouldn't be us if we didn't.
That's right.
Well, usually we would start off the show with a little bit of how was your gaming week,
although we're only about two days since we taped the last episode of Orange is on its Radio.
I don't know if there's a lot new going on, but I'll ask, Dark Soccer,
is there anything exciting going on in your gaming week?
Sims 3 and Peggle.
That's about it.
It's pretty much the same story with me.
Sims 3 and Peggle. Wow. What a coincidence.
No, I'm not playing Sims 3 and Peggle.
I'm playing WoW and Bejeweled.
There you go.
And Bejeweled in WoW, actually.
I'm actually gonna...
Hopefully if I can scrounge together the 14 bucks,
I'll pay for a couple months of my account.
You should definitely come back. It's crackalicious.
I never really got into it, you know.
Yeah?
Why do you think you never were able to get into WoW?
I mean, certainly, there's plenty of our listeners who don't play Warcraft.
And there's some that do.
What is it that made you not really want to stick with it?
I'd hit around level 7 and go,
What the hell am I doing with my time?
I guess that's what I hear from a lot of people.
Because, you know, like, when I was...
I had a fun time playing with Tiara a while back.
But it's like, I'm not a get up and Questarama type person
and zip through them.
I like to explore a little bit and take it, you know, kind of slow.
And it's like, this is kind of boring.
This is kind of boring.
It almost sounds like you're talking about something dirty.
It's kind of boring.
I like to take my time and explore a little bit slow.
Eh, it's kind of boring.
I mean, I have a good time if I'm playing with people.
Oh, shut up.
Are you talking about WoW or what?
With regards to World of Warcraft, I have a better time playing with a friend
when I've got something to shut up.
Alright.
But what I was saying is more fun when I have other people to participate in the game with.
I see. Fair enough.
Of all the things in this room, you threw a box of Kleenex at me.
Yep.
You almost hit Shermie.
But if it landed on Shermie, it wouldn't hurt her.
Alright.
You notice who did not budge?
Shermie, yeah.
She just parks her badass there next to the very warm computer for pretty much the night.
That's her little fortress of solitude.
Alright.
Well, on tonight's show...
Oh, I actually did play one new game I want to talk about.
So, we'll give them something new.
I played Luminous for the iPhone.
Did you say Bluminous?
No, Luminous.
I thought so, but...
Or Lumines, as some people call it.
Luminous. Luminous.
This is the puzzle game that, of course, was hugely, disgustingly popular on the PSP, and rightfully so.
And then it had a sequel come out on the PSP that I don't think was quite as well received, even though it had Hollaback Girl.
And then it had versions on the PlayStation Network, as well as Xbox Live.
The Xbox Live version, of course, was highly criticized for being kind of the first microtransaction-y game.
I hate that word.
Lots and lots of little things to download and add to the game.
Now it's out on iPhone.
And I love Luminous.
Like, Luminous is one of my favorite puzzle games ever.
Because you know I love music games, and I love the whole infusion and all that.
Kind of like how the music plays a part in the puzzle game.
Where, you know, if you've never played Luminous before, basically you're trying to make blocks of varying size out of 4x4 blocks of different colors.
But the bar that sweeps across the field moves in time to the music.
And as you move the blocks around, the beats that it makes kind of fit in with the music.
Is it worth the purchase to you?
Well, here's the thing.
On the iPhone, it sucks.
It sucks.
It sucks.
I hate it.
It is awful.
The version of Luminous that I played on my old Sprint cell phone that had a four directional key and stuff was more fun to play.
And let me tell you why.
It's all about, and the reason why I'm so harsh on this game, because honestly, it's got some new skins.
It is a very nice looking game.
But the reason why I got so frustrated with this, I wanted to throw my phone across the room, is that the controls are shit.
And the reason why is that they made one key design flaw.
And that flaw is that in order to move the bricks, you touch the screen and you move your finger left, or you move your finger right.
But to drop it, you move your finger down.
So what do you think happens when I'm playing...
Keep dropping it.
Exactly.
That's exactly what happens when I play Luminous on the phone, is that when I'm trying to move bricks left and right...
Oh, and you tap the screen to rotate your block, which sometimes results in movement that you didn't intend.
You need to have another control scheme in, or patch in another control scheme then, because that just sounds like it'd be...
And like, Peggle is so beautiful on iPhone.
Yeah, there's other games that work out great on iPhone, don't get me wrong.
But Luminous is not one of them, and it's all about a design flaw.
Like, it's to the point where I'm seriously looking at it going, did anyone actually play this game to see if it was any fun?
Or was it something that was just kind of like conceived, and hey, iPhone gaming's really big, let's just kind of put it out there and see what happens.
So, if you are a fan of Luminous, avoid, avoid, avoid, until they get this control scheme fixed.
You know, I don't care if they put this shitty touch control thing in as an option, but what they need to do is have it so you can turn drops off,
or that there's a specific little button in the right-hand corner or something where my thumb could rest that would drop the thing.
And that's the only way you would drop it. That would make it so much better.
I agree.
So...
From how you're describing it at any rate.
Yeah.
Alright, so we want to cover some news stories tonight for you guys, because even though it's only Tuesday, there's been a lot that's happened this week in gaming.
You know, with the close of the Tokyo Game Show and so forth, there's quite a bit of stuff going on.
Dark Soccer has been browsing the MMO world, and has found quite a bit going on apparently in the land of MMOs.
Yeah, for the people looking forward to Star Trek Online, namely me, if you get the Season 3 Blu-Ray that's going to be coming out,
then you will be actually receiving an Admiral's Outfit for Star Trek Online.
So, I can't think of a lot of, like, buy-the-movie-get-something-in-a-game tie-ins going on.
I'm sure there's been something else before that I'm just not thinking of, like, maybe with some of those Disney games they do and stuff,
but that's, especially with an MMO, I can't think of a time where it's been buy a Blu-Ray, get an item in an MMO.
Which is kind of interesting.
I really think that they're trying to push the game, I mean, especially with using Champions to do it and all that,
but yeah, it looks like they're really trying to get the fans of the series into the MMO even if they're not necessarily gamers.
Which is smart, but the problem is, like, as weird as it sounds, I am kind of a bit of a Trekkie,
but I don't really have an interest in those Blu-Rays, the original series Blu-Rays, right?
Because, like, original series Season 3? Although, wait, no, there was no third series.
Yeah, there was.
Was there a third season?
I thought there were only two, but whatever.
I'm sure there, yeah, because third season is when you really started noticing the toupee.
I'm not really into the original series anyway, as much of a Trekkie as I am, it was all about,
yeah, I mean, I get that, but it was all about the, it was all about Next Generation and Voyager and DSpace 9.
It's all about DS9.
Yeah, so, I guess that's kind of cool, though, I mean, a little bonus perk tie-in, but sorry, I'm not going to spend, like, $80 on a Blu-Ray box set season just to get some, one dumb little item.
Hopefully it'll be unlockable some other ways.
Maybe. I mean, then again, it's like, the admirals, all they do is sit in a chair and be important.
The captain's seat is what everyone joins Starfleet for.
You know, to sort of paraphrase a DS9 episode.
I'm still very, very curious about Star Trek Online.
I'm a little jealous of those that went to PAX and got to get a little sneak peek of it, because I definitely am curious where this game is headed.
There's a lot of great MMOs on the horizon.
You know, Final Fantasy XIV, I'm sorry, hate on XI all you want, but XIV looks amazing.
I'm really interested in where this game goes.
Granted, you know, by the time I play it, a lot could change, but the trailer looked pretty cool.
Even WoW's next expansion looks really good.
Well, there's also some news about Final Fantasy XI since you brought it up.
People are still playing Final Fantasy XI?
Yeah.
Wow.
There's, in October, there's going to be a new expansion titled a Shantotto Ascension that's supposed to...
Well, actually they say that the next free version update is going to be in November.
But other than that, we're looking for October for the expansion pack.
It will have the new Wings of the Goddess Nation quest, the Moblin Maze Monger's dungeon crawling system.
And it's also the final part in a series of stories that was written by the guy who wrote the story for Chrono Trigger, Masato Kato.
So, that is going to stick out for a lot of people. If it was written by the guy who did Chrono Trigger, there's going to be fanboys that are like, huh? What?
Well, the trilogy of the stories, I'm trying to pull up that information.
But seriously, I don't think that it's really supposed to be all of that, because there was the Crystalline Prophecy was the first one, and then there was the Mughal Kupo Detat, the Evil in Small Doses.
Oh, I remember hearing about these. These were the very small mini expansions they released.
Yeah.
Like online only that you would get for the game. I guess they pretty much stopped with the in-store ones, which makes sense.
If they have 14 on the horizon, development for 11 is probably going to slow up significantly and remain things like this.
Yeah, I agree.
Which is very interesting. What happens to a game like Final Fantasy XI when Final Fantasy XIV comes out?
It's probably going to go the way of PSO.
But you look at EverQuest and EverQuest II, I think there's more people still playing the original EverQuest. It's going to be interesting.
But I think that doesn't always happen, though. Then again, there are still a bunch of people playing Diablo II.
Yeah, we haven't had a lot of MMOs get sequels yet, you know what I mean?
Yeah.
And Diablo III's still not out.
Well, the Ragnarok one was still going on, and a lot of people were still preferring the 2D over the 3D.
Oh, that's right. I totally forgot about Ragnarok II.
Yeah.
Hmm. I wonder if that... So that finally came out at some point?
I don't know. I stopped paying attention to it, honestly.
Nice.
I haven't touched Ragnarok in like a month, so...
A whole month?
I couldn't really get back into it. I sort of was going through the same thing that I went through with World of Warcraft.
What am I doing with my time?
So you went back to Sims instead.
This is actually the first time I've opened Sims in two weeks.
I'm just giving you a hard time.
Except to remodel a character.
But there's something about a game that you like, Rob.
What's that?
Aion.
Aion? You know what's funny? I never did end up buying the full game, because I heard about all the problems they were having.
So, you know, I don't need to be the very first person in an MMO.
I want to give Aion a few months to let the dust settle.
Because it's been having a lot of issues.
Well, this is actually more news for our European listeners, anyway.
They're opening two European servers.
One is a French language server called Deltres, and an English server called Carun.
It's supposed to be available for character transfers from the different servers in a couple of months.
They haven't said exactly.
But it's on its way.
They say that everything should...
Well, they kind of needed it, because they were having a lot of problems when it launched in Europe.
The servers were backing up like crazy, too.
That's what it was saying, is that there was way too much of a backlog on the servers and slowing everything down.
So that's why they've opened the other two, and they're going to have it where you can move your characters.
But that's... that's... something.
Hmm. Alright.
Well, I've got some other news for you guys that doesn't have to do with MMOs.
There's actually been a few things that have happened over the past couple days.
The Wii got a system update. It has a brand new 4.2 release software, and you might be asking,
Oh, what cool new feature do I get with this?
And the answer is nothing.
At least there's nothing that they're touting that is big about this release.
Apparently, the Wii system update 4.2 really only did some things behind the scenes,
and it's also supposed to improve performance of the system, whatever that means.
I don't know what exactly was broken that they needed to fix, but they're saying that's what they did in this.
Also, what you probably want to know, it patches out the homebrew channel at least for, you know,
the next couple days until they figure it out.
Exactly. So it shuts out the homebrew channel once again.
So if you are a homebrew Wii person, you might want to avoid that update for a little bit.
But everybody's little blue light was a-glowing this week.
Also, big, big, and confirmed this week.
There were some rumors about this, and we talked about it on the show,
but Super Street Fighter 4 was confirmed earlier this week.
It apparently was revealed by GameSpot, has released the first details on the game.
T-Hawk and DJ are coming back in the game.
And there's also going to be a brand new female character named Juri
that is coming back to Street Fighter 4, Super Street Fighter 4.
Oh, wait, is this spelled J-U-R-I?
Yeah.
It could also be one of the alpha characters. Remember, Judy and Junie?
I'll be honest, I didn't play much of the alpha series, which is why I'm reading that like it's news to me.
Sadly, no, I don't know. There's a little trailer here that might show more information.
I'll play a little bit of the trailer here.
But I did want to say it's not just these three characters.
There's going to be five more, eight new characters in Super Street Fighter 4.
When?
Yeah, so let's see here. There's a little back and forth going on there.
I love the graphic style in this. It's so gorgeous.
Nah, it doesn't look like that.
Yeah, it looks like just another Ken versus Ryu little epic battle.
I don't know if it's really going to show any new people.
Ken looks this odd.
Boy, what if this is what the fighting actually looked like in the game?
That'd be awesome.
It's the same freaking font and everything.
For Super?
Yeah.
That's kind of cool.
Of course you know I noticed the font.
I know. You nerd.
So yeah, there's going to be eight new characters, three of them probably familiar.
Now, what's also interesting, this game is coming out in the spring in an already crowded 2010.
It's coming out on the PlayStation 3 and the Xbox 360.
You will not be able to do cross-game matches between the original Street Fighter 4 and Super
because they are also doing some character balancing.
They're going to address some of the concerns that people had about the original characters in the game.
And of course, you know, there's eight new characters.
Apparently though, Capcom will not charge full price for the title.
I'm not sure what that means.
I'm assuming that means it's probably going to be in the realm of about $40 for this as opposed to a full $60 game.
Another thing to consider, did they say that it was going to be hard copy or did they say it's going to be a download?
I believe this is an all new release that's coming out.
It's not some type of download expansion.
I think we'll get some answers to that in the next few days.
But it certainly, I think it would be too big for a download, I think.
Eight new characters and all this character balancing.
That's big.
So I'm pretty sure it's going to be.
Does this mean that they're going to make Seth less of an ass?
Hopefully.
I mean, even the guys that made the game said he's way too powerful.
I remember that coming up on a previous episode of the show.
It was fun.
Alright, one other story I've got for you guys about Squeenix.
And Squeenix, apparently earlier this week, of course that's my lovely name for Square Enix, which now is Square Enix Eidos.
All that stuff in there.
So what would they be? Squeenodos. Squeendos.
That sounds like a flu that will be going around next year. We'll see.
Anyhow, they are obviously a huge company with a lot of role playing games.
Some of their biggest franchises, of course, Dragon Quest, Kingdom Hearts, Final Fantasy.
Well, they have come out and said in a recent interview with Rooters that they want to have eight flagship IPs that will be capable of selling two million units.
If each one of these games has a two year development cycle for a new game in the franchise, then that means every quarter they could release a two million selling game.
And you could certainly see that happening with series like Final Fantasy, Dragon Quest, Kingdom Hearts.
But the question is, where the hell are the other games going to come from?
Star Ocean?
Is that a two million selling title every time?
The Tales games?
Well, one thought is that perhaps because they also just recently got Eidos as a part of this as well, Eidos made Batman Arkham Asylum, let's not forget.
So the Batman series, which as weird as it is to say that Square Enix would have Batman, that could be a possible kind of IP for them.
Batman and Kingdom Hearts!
Oh, God.
I don't know if that's possible, but that would be interesting.
Shut up, Sora. I'm Batman.
What? I'm Batman. Are you one of the heartless?
I'm Batman!
Batman!
You almost, you know what you remind me of there is Eddie Murphy from 80s Saturday Night Live.
My name is Gumby. I'm Gumby Dammit.
That's old school.
That's very old school. That's older than most of our listeners.
That's older than most schools.
That joke right there. That's right.
So, alright, well Jamie wants to tell you guys about one other thing.
This is actually in regards to Left 4 Dead.
The Crash Course is actually out on Steam in the Xbox Live Marketplace, and there's actually a price point on it.
It actually was released at a higher price point, but ended up being an error.
It is actually going to be out for, well, is out, I should say, for 560 Microsoft points right now, but it is, like I said, an error.
So if you think it's worth the money to spend a little bit more on it, go for it, but just keep in mind it is going to be dropped.
And, of course, if you have it on PC, then the Crash Course actually isn't really available from Steam yet.
It's supposed to, you know, bridge the gap between the death toll and No Mercy.
That is very strange that it wouldn't even be on Valve's own service yet. On Steam.
I'm sure it's just a little hold up.
It just says that the download content is not available yet.
Soon. Soon.
Maybe.
Alright, well we're going to get into a little segment we do here on Orange Launch Radio called Twitter Topics because...
Because we can.
Because we can. Basically that's what it boils down to.
We're bored and don't really know what else to talk about here on the show tonight because it's only been a couple days since our last show.
We go to Twitter and we say, hey guys, what do you guys want us to talk about tonight?
Because, you know, it's where every gamer has a voice and, sadly, we can't do calls tonight because we're not actually live.
There's another show going on on All Games right now, so we couldn't, you know, we don't have our own radio station anymore.
We can't just bust down the door and say, hey guys, we're live.
We could just go, hey, chat room, someone call us.
I guess we could go bust down the door on All Games, but I don't think the VGO fans would appreciate that.
Well, no, no, no. They can call our line.
We only have a couple of people on chat right now.
Well, I've been soliciting questions from chat, so we got plenty and plenty of questions from you.
By all means, Mr. Rob Korski.
Tweets and chatters and all this stuff.
Blue Swim is our first tweeter tonight.
We got a lot of tweet questions.
We got more, we got like twice as many as we usually do on a Sunday.
Really?
Maybe we need to move our show to Tuesday nights.
No.
Yeah, I know, I agree.
Blue Swim on the Twitter asks, what do you guys think of the natural disaster survival genre?
Twister the game with a flying cow and digital Helen Hunt tits equals epic win.
You know what, though?
If Loki were here, he would diss that game that Konami was showing at E3, which was something like that.
It was like a natural disaster game.
And there was one of those on Xbox Live not that long ago, too.
And neither one of those games was exactly as awesome as you would think.
And neither one had digital Helen Hunt tits, either.
The closest I've ever played that had natural disasters in it that I could stand was the tornado area in Sonic the Hedgehog on Dreamcast.
Because that was pretty freaking cool.
Other than that, suck!
Blue Swim goes on to say in a second tweet, after playing the PlayStation 2 game Raw Danger,
I'm convinced that the disaster genre has huge amounts of untapped potential.
I have to be honest.
Let's leave that untapped, please.
That's not a game I've ever played.
Is that something newer?
This is PlayStation 2.
I have no idea.
Gamer Girl on the Twitter asks, what was the first game anyone's ever played?
Ooh, that's tough.
I gotta go way back.
There's two.
The earliest memories, because, you know, I don't remember, unfortunately, far enough back.
You know, it's hard, because when you're that young, you don't remember everything.
But I would say I kind of have a memory of two games.
One of them would be Spider-Man on the Atari 2600.
It was one of the first games I ever remember playing.
And at the arcade, Crystal Castles.
I remember going to my sister's wedding reception.
And they had it, like, I don't want to say she had her wedding reception at Chuck E. Cheese,
but there was some type of, like, I think it was like a rehearsal party.
That's what it was. It was like a post-wedding rehearsal party.
I was, like, three, so I barely remember this.
But there was some type of, like, wedding rehearsal post-party, and it was at Chuck E. Cheese.
And I remember playing Crystal Castles, and I thought that game was the shit.
I remember being four and playing Pong on an arcade machine.
I grew up playing pinball, really.
As far as early memories, like, I remember being six
and going to play the Odyssey 2 at my friend's house next door.
And playing Casey Munchkin and Casey Crazychase.
And we also, you know, I had a Cliccovision when I was a kid.
I remember playing Atari a lot earlier, Atari 2600 a lot earlier,
because I remember playing Pitfall.
Who enabled your gaming addiction?
Because it doesn't sound like your mom was really that much into video games,
but yet you had all these systems that I never heard of.
My mom actually was kind of into games, you know.
Because keep in mind, when I was four, my mom was still in her early 20s.
You know, most of my childhood was spent with my mom in her 20s.
And so she liked to go out and have fun and liked games and played some pinball.
And when we'd go get pizza, she'd give me a few quarters
and leave me in the little game area so I could play the Mario one or play a kangaroo.
Kangaroo was, I was the shit at kangaroo.
I mean, over Godfather's Pizza back in the day in Mobile.
Wow.
And I've been a gamer practically since, you know,
I knew that turn this knob, the bar moves this way, you know.
Yeah, I have very early memories of Atari 2600 in much the same way.
I don't remember who got one for the family or how we got it,
but we had an Atari 2600 and my dad hooked it up so that, you know.
But it was hooked up in my mom's room, which I always thought was weird,
but I think that was so that if my dad wanted to watch TV
or somebody wanted to watch like a real show,
then I wouldn't be monopolizing the big television with video games.
I would always have to kind of like go in my mom's room to play,
and then she'd get mad if I don't ask first.
I also played a lot of Apple II games, like a lot of Kix, Load Runner.
I also grew up on the Carmen Sandiego games.
Yes, I played those too.
Oregon Trail.
Our family got a Commodore 64, Christmas 1983.
I remember that, that was a big, that would have been five at the time.
And that was like our first computer.
And honestly, between Atari 2600 and Nintendo Entertainment System,
that was my gaming platform.
When I was in second grade, we got our Cliccovision,
and we had the driving wheel and everything, and we set that up.
There's actually still pictures in one of my mom's photo albums
of me sitting on the floor playing mousetrap.
And her stupid ex-husband, Craphead, playing, he was really good at Carnival.
Oh, the little, is that the one where the clowns bounce up and down
and pop the balloons?
Yeah, it's this little glass thing shooting game.
Oh, no, I know.
Okay, I know what game you're talking about.
It's like an old ass shooting game.
Adventure was my game.
It was freaking hard too.
And what else did we have?
Gorf.
We had a stack of games.
I think that I have, we actually have my Cliccovision.
We got another one since then, but we actually have just my core Cliccovision.
And I might be permitted to part, I might be convinced to part with it.
What a trip down memory lane.
Thank you very much for the question, gamer girl.
It's in the vault somewhere.
I would love to hook up the old ass systems
and see how long some of those games can hold our attention today.
There's the point of actually having a TV that will run some of them.
Keep in mind, my Odyssey 2, we don't have a TV it works on.
Um, they take the RF, it's all RF, or the old coaxial cable thing, right?
The little hooky things.
That go with the coaxial cable, right?
Like hooking up cable.
Mmm, ye.
Right? Isn't that what they use?
No, no, no.
Really?
This had the little scoop things that you screwed into the back of your TV.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
The antenna.
Yeah, that's what I'm talking about.
Oh, I thought you were talking about the cable type coax.
No, no, it's uh...
Yeah, that screws into the little converter box.
Yep, yep, yep.
The switch, the RF switch, yeah.
So those, um...
My Nintendo had one of those.
You know, those TVs are going to actually be really easy to find now
because a lot of them, because of the whole digital TV transition,
They're obsolete.
They're obsolete.
So what else are they good for but playing...
Thrift store!
Yeah, seriously.
Anyhow, let's move on with some other questions.
That was a lot.
Takeo Ray wanted to plug his Extra Life donation page.
The URL is very long.
I'll go ahead and read it here because obviously Extra Life
was something we wanted to be involved with.
Unfortunately, we had to back out as shared on the last show,
which sucks, but we are still supporting the cause, certainly.
Takeo Ray's page is at waystogive.texaschildrens.org
slash netcommunity slash Allen, A-L-L-E-N, Ray, R-E-Y.
That's all one word.
A-L-L-E-N, R-E-Y.
I do want to say, though, if you just want to check out
what Extra Life's all about in general,
I'm sure Takeo Ray would not mind if you just donate
to somebody that's participating,
extralife.sarcasticgamer.com.
Sarcastic Gamer, of course, being another podcast.
I've never listened to it,
so I couldn't tell you what they're about.
That's not a slam on that show.
I don't listen to pretty much any other podcast,
but Bobby, because he's on before us,
that's just because I want to make sure
we don't inadvertently copy somebody else.
I would hate for that to happen.
Exactly.
But I'm sure they're sarcastic.
It is in the title.
No.
I don't know how to pronounce this name,
but I'll try.
Sponchtwang, S-P-O-N-C-H-T-W-A-N-G.
Sponchtwang?
Close enough.
What do you guys think about Konami rolling out
the official DDR tourney?
You know, Konami announced...
What?
They are doing an official DDR tournament
that is going to be in certain cities across the US,
and it all kind of comes to a head at an official Vegas tournament.
But in order to go to the one in Vegas,
you have to win one of the satellite competitions that's happening.
Qualifiers.
Yeah, basically.
I don't think there is one happening in NorCal.
I think the closest one is in the LA area.
That's a shame, because a bunch of the really good...
I may be wrong. Please don't quote me on that.
I don't have the site up in front of me, but yeah.
I think a lot of the...
I mean, this comes from watching a lot of videos
and seeing a lot of people.
But really, do you think that some of the best players
were in the Bay Area?
I think it's good that Konami is finally doing this.
I think they're honestly, sadly, about five years too late.
I think this is something they should have done
when Extreme was out, but fair enough.
They're trying to promote some of their new DDR games.
I think the one mistake they're making...
They didn't give a lot of notice before this tournament happened.
It was literally like,
hey, this is going to start in Texas next week.
It really came out of nowhere,
and I think that's probably one of the biggest mistakes they made.
Whereas if they just would have given it a little time,
like maybe a month to build...
And maybe they did have it out,
and I just didn't hear about it until a week before,
but I don't think there was a lot of notice,
because I want to say the first thing I read on DDRFreak
said it was like, this weekend.
But I think if they'd given it a little more time to breathe,
let the media cover it a little bit.
Let some of the blogs...
Because here's the thing, none of the blogs,
the big, big blogs have said anything about it,
which is unfortunate, because, you know,
you would hope that something like this
would gain a little more notoriety and steam.
This should be a huge tournament.
This should be the size of the tournament
at the end of The Wizard, the movie.
Super Mario 3.
It's so bad.
Von Johnson on Twitter wants to know,
what do you guys think about Borderlands?
You know, I don't know much about this game,
but I did a little bit of research,
just because of your Twitter question.
It's a person shooter, but it also has RPG elements mixed in.
It's being made by Gearbox, and 2K is publishing it,
and it's coming out on PC, of course.
PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360, it's coming out in October.
They want to make a franchise out of it,
and honestly, when I'm first looking at this,
just the box art and even some of the screenshots,
I'm kind of like, they're kind of going for the Fallout audience.
This looks a lot like kind of what Fallout is all about.
If I want a Fallout game, I'll play Fallout.
But, you know, it's certainly...
And then I'll throw up, because I get motion sick.
You should know, it does do random level generation.
It's kind of got something like Diablo.
They're kind of saying it was like that.
So, you know, certainly this has its own merits,
so things like that.
A content creation system, which will influence some of the weapons
that you see in game and the game world and the map.
So it sounds like this is something that's going to kind of develop
uniquely for each person.
That sounds kind of cool, especially for an RPG.
That's a little weird.
Weren't some of the dungeons in Fantasy Star,
the earlier Fantasy Star games?
Mmm, that might be true. I think you might be right.
Random generated?
I think it's a nod back to some of the old RPGs,
but even so, if it's a first person shooter,
I'm not going to be into it.
I also do want to point out, though, it has player versus player in it,
which is certainly a huge element that I don't believe Fallout has.
You can actually melee another player to issue a challenge,
and then there'll be a one-on-one duel.
You go to arenas and competitively play with other people.
Fight to the death.
This certainly sounds like kind of an original game,
even though we're making jokes that it sounds a lot like Fallout.
It definitely sounds like it has some unique features
that try to make it set it apart.
So hopefully they release a demo.
That would be my biggest thing.
I probably still wouldn't try it out.
Well, you have the whole motion sick thing going on.
You just don't play first person shooters in general.
I don't play a lot, but there are a few that I got really into,
but most of them are old.
And then they're going to be anytime soon, as long as Dan's got ODST.
Quake, Duke Nukem, 3D.
Those are the games I'm talking about that I got into.
I haven't gotten into a shooter.
I played a little bit of Halo.
The last one I played any severe amount of was Hexen.
Now that is an old school shooting game.
I wish there would be a game like that again.
Like the whole magical, mystical first person shooter type of thing.
That was a rad game.
Hexen was great.
Just the whole problem being, you know,
that was still sprite based and, you know.
Wasn't Heretic 2 the one that they did?
They moved to 3D?
Yes.
Doctor of War C, or Doctor of Work on Twitter,
who has a cute little chibi squirtle icon,
wants to know the last CD or song you bought.
I said anything goes.
Last CD or song you bought.
Um... physical CD?
Oh god, I can't even remember the last physical CD I bought.
That was too long ago.
I can tell you the last... go ahead.
The World's Greatest Mashups Part 2.
Really?
Yes.
Nice.
As far as an actual song, I bought actually what my cage match pick was.
Which didn't win, I'm sorry to tell you.
Loki picked some song out of thin air and we both lost by one vote.
He pulled it out of his ass.
He did. He always does.
But it was all the Kylie stuff.
Yeah.
I would say the last song I bought, funny enough,
there's a story behind this.
The last song I bought was Limbo Rock by Chubby Checker.
Yes, that's right.
No joke. Go back.
It's in my iTunes receipt.
Doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo.
I wish I had it on this computer. I'd play it.
But it was actually, it was for Rocky.
I bought it because there was a new little pre-show game we did
that was the Limbo, so I had to get the song for that.
But that's the last song I bought.
What was your last physical CD?
I don't remember the last physical CD.
The last iTunes CD I bought was Ellipse by Image and Heap.
I know that.
But as far as CD I actually...
Oh, so the last download CD that I got was Regina Spector.
I actually think the last physical CD I bought was
Flavors of Entanglement by Alanis Morissette,
and that came out like a year ago.
I just don't really buy physical CDs.
Now that I think about it, I'm pretty sure that it wasn't,
the mashups disc was the last one that I bought.
But I'll be damned if I can remember what it is.
I know what it was, Video Games Live.
Oh.
I bought it at...
There you go.
At the concert.
There you go.
And that's a great place to get physical CDs,
is at concerts, because sometimes you can get them to sign them there.
SimsLovah wants to know,
what games are you excited about for next month?
I'm still catching up on last month.
I haven't been able to play crap.
You were out because of your hand.
Yep. I am still kind of out on my hand.
You never even played Marvel Ultimate Alliance, did you?
No. In fact, look. Right here.
Look at this.
Oh my god, a sealed copy.
And I really freaking want to play it so I can get my Deadpool on.
Poor thing.
I think my team is going to be Deadpool and
Ms. Marvel and Phoenix and Captain America.
I never played Ultimate Alliance 1.
So when you finally crack that open, I need to come over and play it with you.
Yes you do, because I'm going to need you to help me pass the levels
and get me achievements and whatnot.
Look, Deadpool.
What if I suck at it? I've never played it.
Trust me, there's no real way to suck at this game.
It's just butt mashing?
It's mashing.
Alright, fine.
Really, in looking at the releases, DJ Hero clearly is a game I want to get.
Also, kind of slipping under the radar,
there's a lot of big releases between Gran Turismo, PSP,
Uncharted 2 certainly is going to be worth a look.
But I do want to point out Demon's Souls is coming out on the PlayStation 3.
That was a game I checked out at E3.
I think it's been out in Japan for a little while,
but they're adapting it over here.
It's like an RPG, but it's supposed to be super hard.
And especially with White Knight Chronicles getting pushed back to next year,
I think I do want to pick up Demon's Souls and check it out.
That's actually a PlayStation 3 exclusive, if I remember correct.
Nutman wants to know in chat.
Yes, that's the name.
I'm sorry, not chat.
That's Twitter again.
For Rob, a question just for me.
Would you go straight for Alicia Keys?
Be honest.
No, I have to say no.
Not for Alicia Keys.
And I could get into this whole tirade about I don't really believe there is
going straight in quotes or going gay.
There is just liking who you want to like, as I call it.
I go ahead and classify myself gay because I like guys, mostly.
But I'm not going to say I would never, ever, ever, ever, ever want to kiss a girl.
You have a witness in this room.
But Alicia Keys I don't think would be the one, that's for sure.
Anyhow, I'll save the sexuality tangent for another day.
I don't think people signed up for this podcast to hear that talk.
I don't think she's that cute.
Petrek85 wants to know, um, duh, guh.
That's exactly what they put.
Um, duh, guh.
What's your favorite colors?
New game smell.
Ooh, new game smell.
She unwrapped.
Favorite color?
Black.
Like my soul!
Uh, dark forest green.
I'm actually really fond of dark, dark red.
There's actually an in-joke amongst a lot of my friends that I always wear earth colors.
Like, I pretty much always am wearing brown, green, black, you know, like earthy colors.
You're not today.
Funny enough, today I'm wearing all blue.
I have a, like, little blue stripey shirt and blue jeans on today.
I'm wearing gray.
Even down to my warm fuzzy socks.
It's like the weather today, but the weather today is gray.
Are you feeling okay?
I just grabbed something comfortable to paint in because I have my class today.
Nice.
I have to, I tend to wear my older clothes on Tuesdays and Thursdays because I know that
I'm just gonna go get paint all over them, which amazingly enough I didn't get any paint
on myself today.
Uh-
Acrylic is a bitch to wash out.
I got one more question on the Twitter that just came in a little bit ago while we've
been taping, and I'll give this one more reload before we sign off tonight.
This is fun.
I like this for a random show when there's not a lot of news.
Um, okay.
Soda or pop?
Asks spazinator.
PSN on Twitter.
I, soda.
Easy.
I hate, I hate pop.
I hate it when people call it pop.
Like, it just bugs me.
It's like nails on a chalkboard.
Pop is what you do to bubble gum.
Pop is what you do to bubbles when somebody blows them.
Technically-
Pop goes the weasel.
The name is soda pop.
I get that, but it just sounds weird.
But, this is where I start giving the cultural lesson on growing up in Alabama.
Mm-hmm.
Because my little, especially my part of Alabama had Coca-Cola bottling company plant.
So every drink, every soda in, and yes, I do prefer soda, every soda in the South is
called Coke.
It doesn't matter.
It's all Coke.
And I'm okay with that even, even though I prefer Pepsi.
Pepsi is so much better because Coke tastes like poo.
But, but now though, when I go into a restaurant and it throws people off so much.
Let's see.
Um, you know, can I get you a drink?
I'd like a Diet Cola.
Ah, Cola.
That's one you don't hear a lot.
Because I don't like, I don't really care for the Sprite type drinks, you know.
But I'll say I would like a Diet Cola, whichever one you have.
So that way they won't do, is Coke okay?
Is Pepsi okay?
I just said whichever one.
I don't care.
You know, there's a, you know, they have to do that though, because plenty of people bitch
about it when it's not the right one.
But, but I, that's why I specify and you've heard me do it.
I will take a Diet Cola, whichever one you have.
That's a blanket permission.
If you don't have Coke or Pepsi, but you have RC Cola, by all means, give me the RC.
Which by the way, I was going to say, when I hear the word Cola, I think of RC Cola and
I think of Shasta Cola, which I don't even think they probably sell outside of Merkle.
Do you remember Faggo?
Root beer.
That would be, what about just saying root beer?
Here's the thing though.
Honestly, Spasinator, if I was smarter, I wouldn't order soda at all.
Honestly, soda's not really that good for you.
You really shouldn't have more than one a day.
So just kind of throwing that out there, because I know that with the whole video game stereotype,
there's people that chug Mountain Dew's.
So if you know you're the type of person that chugs Mountain Dew's, and then you're like,
when did my butt get so big?
Then it's probably because you're chugging Mountain Dew's.
So not to slam on Mountain Dew.
I love those drinks as much as anyone else.
But seriously, look how many calories are in one of those.
There's as much calories in one of those drinks as there is in a candy bar.
Rob, I have to give up my diet soda and my coffee and black tea.
Oh my gosh, you poor thing.
I can have green tea.
Can you have Sprite?
What's the point? Caffeine.
The only type of caffeinated drink I'm supposed to have is green tea.
I'm like, the hell with that. I'm having coffee.
But I'll have my one cup of coffee in the morning. One.
We got a few good questions from our chat room, actually.
Who cares? Bye.
Shut up. I was talking with a few of the chatters before the show,
and actually we got some really good questions from chat.
Three of them came from the Rob D, but these are all good discussion questions.
Rob D's just a smart and articulate guy, anyway.
I really enjoy when he calls into the show. He's a smart guy,
and obviously I've gotten to hang out with him a couple times.
Penny Arcade Expo.
We had really good Chinese food.
And Asen. I got to see him again.
So he's a good guy. I wish his show would come back.
That was a slick show, this day in gaming that he had.
I was trying to remember what it stood for.
This day in gaming that he had, it was a slick show.
He has a really good voice for radio, and the guy that edited it did a really good job.
Anyhow, Rob D asks in chat, first thing he said,
what is your favorite Japanese media depiction of an American?
That's a good question.
Mine is and will forever be Terry Bogard.
I don't know. This is one I'd really have to give some thought to.
I can't think of any big stereotypes that jump out at me.
I would have to say from Axis Powers Hetalia, America,
who is always sitting in the corner eating cheeseburgers
and giving emphatic orders.
I'm going to take the question in a different direction here.
It's not my favorite Japanese media depiction of an American,
but my favorite British depiction of an American was Bubbles from Absolutely Fabulous.
I'm sure none of our listeners are going to get that reference,
but that was my favorite depiction of an American.
The only thing that's coming to mind, and it's not even her depicting an American,
it's her depicting a Welsh.
It's Dawn French doing her imitation of Catherine Zeta Jones,
but slipping into a fully California American axis.
She says, oh, my California's showing.
Nice.
I have to do it right.
Catherine Zeta Douglas.
I lost it.
Is this something people can look up on YouTube or something?
Catherine Zeta Douglas Spartacus Jones.
Spartacus Jones?
Yes.
Nice.
Just look up Dawn French or French and Saunders and Catherine Zeta Jones.
It's hilarious.
Especially the roundabout one.
That one's funny.
Here's another good question from our articulate friend.
Overall, do you think the internet gaming community has helped or stunted the gaming industry?
I see the zeitgeist that has sprung up from the sites and forums we have today,
and honestly, it makes me sad.
Everyone complains about everything, and that drives sales down because of social pressure.
I think it's a necessary evil, and I know that's totally like I just picked none of the above in a way,
which is sad, but the problem is that it's not just the gaming industry that I think has to deal with this.
The movie industry, to a certain extent, definitely has to deal with this big time.
Sites like Ain'tItCoolNews.com or everybody's got a movie blog, it seems these days,
and bitchy people like Perez Hilton and some of these gossip blogs will oftentimes ruin a movie
before it comes out with spoilers and things that it stinks.
Think about it.
I know most of us, even I'm too young to remember this,
but when The Empire Strikes Back originally came out, or no, Return of the Jedi originally came out,
and it was revealed that Darth Vader was Luke's father.
That was Empire Strikes Back.
Sorry, leading into Return of the Jedi.
I remember this.
That was such a huge fucking thing.
Like, oh my gosh, what a shock, what a surprise.
That would not be possible in this day and age.
Think about it.
A huge reveal like that would have been spoiled on the internet a month before the movie was released.
Snape killed Dumbledore.
Exactly.
It was on T-shirts by the time the book came out.
Snape kills Dumbledore, page 200 and something something.
And sorry if that was truly a spoiler to you, but seriously, how long has it been on you?
If you haven't read it by now, there's got to be some type of moratorium on spoilers.
Like, if it's been out for two years and you still haven't done it, you're going to get spoiled.
Well, that's why I did very well to hide myself.
I mean, even though I figured out that something like that was going to happen from the freaking beginning of the damn book,
hi, especially when the last book came out.
I hid myself in a hole and made sure to read everything that day before I let myself read anything on the internet.
But it's interesting because even though you know that, and even if I just spoiled that for you,
which I'm sure I wasn't the first person to do so, that's not going to ruin what was a good book.
Just like knowing that Darth Vader is Luke's father is not going to ruin that movie.
It's still a good movie and really good stuff will hold up amongst all the spoilers.
But I'm digressing a little bit. I apologize.
I'm just kind of trying to say this isn't really something that's specific to the gaming industry, in my opinion.
This is internet culture and live performances, television, every artistic foray,
which yes, gaming is one. We can have that discussion another day if you want.
It is subject to this scrutiny that is the blogosphere that we live in now.
It's just the way it is.
I think companies to overcome that kind of have to be smart in how they do things.
But it's really hard to keep a secret.
Look at what happened to Sony and having everything spoiled, except Final Fantasy XIV was one of the only secrets they had.
Most of their big things were spoiled.
And now you had this whole Sega Sony thing we talked about on the show last week.
That was a huge spoiler thing, too.
It's very hard to keep a secret anymore.
But if the product is really, really good, it's going to transcend all that.
Yeah, I totally agree with that.
Because how many people who had their Harry Potter spoilers still went out and got the book?
So going back to the original question, because we totally digressed from the question and probably missed the point.
Has the gaming community helped or stunted the gaming industry?
In the end, it doesn't matter.
It's not a switch we can turn off.
But I would honestly say the answer is a little of column A and a little of column B.
It's probably made things better as far as promoting.
I think games like Scribblenauts, Braid, some of these games, I don't think would have sold as well or been quite as talked about if it weren't for the internet.
I think the concepts of some of these games wouldn't have even existed if not for the internet.
Scribblenauts itself has so many internet jokes in it. Hi!
But has it hurt things? Sure.
Has it hurt sales of some games? Sure.
But honestly, I don't even know if that's the blog so much as it is probably just piracy.
Straight up piracy is easy to do, you know?
Anyhow, that's a good question.
Want to do one more from the Rob D?
Sure.
Along the same lines, has online multiplayer helped or hurt gaming?
Before, a good game could have glitches and they would be ignored or even revered.
Now people will complain that it needs a patch because it will be abused if there's an online component.
I think it's just a sign of the times. I mean, I really think that it's just the evolution.
You know, you move in one direction, you're going to have problems that come because of it, you know?
I really think that you can't have one without the other.
So I don't really see it as a hurt or help.
I'm going to plant myself firmly in the column of I believe multiplayer gaming has helped gaming altogether.
I think it's created genres of gaming that really wouldn't exist otherwise.
I think it hurt arcades.
I think multiplayer gaming and the online stuff, I think it hurt arcades.
And I think that's what finally put the nail in the coffin of arcades.
I think it hurt people's social life.
But I think it helped gaming in general.
I mean, let's face it. What is the Xbox 360's biggest strength?
Online.
Online is online. And what is a lot of people, you know, what made it so successful,
especially in the beginning over the PlayStation 3,
complain all you will about how Sony maybe botched the launch of the PlayStation 3 that they're trying to make amends for now.
But the online component has always been Xbox 360's greatest strength.
What is the one thing most of us are most critical about with the Wii?
The lack of online.
The lack of online and the lack of ability to patch games and the lack of, you know,
we kind of see that as not catering to the hardcore audience.
They said, though, from the get-go that it's not for the hardcore audience.
But honestly, I've kind of made friends with online games, as strange as that sounds.
I know, I have.
Yeah, I mean, I've met people on, like, LiveJournal that I'll go off and, you know,
join my guild in Final Fantasy XI or World of Warcraft or what have you that I've become really good friends with.
Well, just along the same token, a lot of the people that I've made friends with out here,
they were my online buddies in Alabama, you know, through playing Gemstone.
Oh, wow.
How's that for old school?
That is very old school.
Or, you know, doing the silly little games on AOL, you know.
Nice.
I met a lot of people who are now my in-person friends, but I met them online.
You know, Dan.
Your husband you met online.
My husband, I met online.
So, I think that while this may have hurt face-to-face social interaction,
I think that it has opened the doors for people who otherwise would not get out of the house, you know.
I'm trying to think if I want to open this little Pandora's box here,
but let me kind of take a step away from gaming for a minute and this whole, like, internet social thing.
As a gay man, the internet's been huge.
Because I think especially, like, you know, where it's not something you can just...
It's sometimes kind of hard to meet other gay people because not everybody kind of is, like, out with it
and a lot of people have to suppress it out there in society.
I think the internet's helped a lot of people connect.
And I don't think that's necessarily limited to gay culture.
That goes for a lot of, like, fans of anything.
Or lifestyle...
Well, a lot of fringe groups too, you know.
People who may think, oh, I'm the only one, I'm the only one.
You find out there's other people like you, you know.
I think it's fantastic for, especially not just as a social tool, but as a socially informative tool, you know what I mean?
So in a way, what Jamie and I are saying right here kind of goes back to answer this question.
Because gaming would be another type of community where you're able to find people like you,
you know, that are into the same types of games that you are.
You know, kind of combining them both.
One of the most, one of my favorite websites, the most awesome communities I've been to is gaygamer.net.
You know, because I'm able to meet, like, other gay geeks like myself, which is ironic because I actually don't go there a whole lot anymore.
But I went to, like, a party they had once and I had a lot of fun.
And it was kind of cool because, you know, sometimes in gamer culture, I feel like the underdog for being gay
and you sign on Xbox Live, fag, fag, fag, you know, you hear all that stuff.
And then as the gay guy, I sometimes feel like being a nerd, I'm on the bottom rung.
Because I'm not a fashionista. I don't, you know, go to every Madonna concert and all this stuff.
You know what I mean?
I know what you mean.
That's why I rolled my eyes because I see way too much of it, you know.
Don't cry for me, Argentina. This happens in any social structure, not just the ones I've mentioned.
But I think the internet has allowed us to find people like us and gaming is a part of that.
Think about it. What about the community we have here at Orange Lounge Radio?
We've met a lot of awesome people just because they've listened to our show.
She's an example directly through a game.
One of my friends that I played on the IRO back in the day, on the International Ragnarok Server,
she's, we haven't met, you know, she lives in Canada, so we haven't met face to face.
I've never been up there.
But we're still friends on DeviantArt and through LiveJournal, you know, we still keep in touch.
And I'm talking, you know, seven years ago.
So I've made, even though, you know, these are people that I would never have come into contact with,
people of vast talent, like, you know, for example, I met Tiara online.
You know, we were friends online before we'd ever gotten to meet in person.
And, you know, now, you know, we hang out whenever we can go to each other's towns or go to Disneyland.
But it's pretty cool, you know.
I've made really lasting friendships through, you know, online networking and through, you know, games.
So, meh.
One more question tonight.
That was a good discussion.
This one comes from Dark Tetsuya.
And the question is, how likely are you guys to be checking out La Mulana when it hits WiiWare when it's available?
I did read the difficulty, at least of the controls, has been adjusted.
I really wish there were demos, but that's a whole bigger issue.
I still have some extra Wii points from a gift card someone was kind enough to give me for my birthday,
so I'll probably use it to pick up this game.
Because I do love kind of the retro gamey goodness.
And what I've seen of La Mulana, I've actually watched Dark Tetsuya play a little bit of it on his channel.
It looks fun, so I'll check it out. Why not?
It has to be better than that BitBoy game I can't believe I actually spent points on.
I'm still thinking about it.
Just right now, me playing much of anything is in small doses that I have to be able to take a lot of rest with.
Why isn't there a Nintendo magazine that comes with demos?
You know, they do this on the Xbox. They do this on the PlayStation.
Granted, those discs got made a little obsolete in this era of gaming because we all download our demos online.
But remember on PlayStation 1, those demo discs used to be the shit.
I have a pile of them.
They're awesome.
Why doesn't Nintendo do something like that to make up for the lack of having an online thing?
I don't get that.
Wouldn't that be cool if they had a magazine that would have like five games you could play on a disc?
They're too busy kissing Miyamoto's ass.
Or kissing Soccer Mom's ass or something. I don't know.
Let me just reload the Twitter real quick to see if we got any other last questions.
No, we didn't.
Jeremy keeps trying to get out of the room and then she's like,
Ah, the door!
And then turning back around.
I think we're going to go ahead and wrap up. We've been taping for about an hour now.
Are we going to wrap it up in ribbons and bows?
Yes, we are. We're going to sign, seal, and deliver it.
But this is fun. This is a good little chat. Those are really good questions, guys.
So, thank you.
It's nice to know that when we need to, we can pull a show out of our butt just by saying,
Hey guys, ask us questions.
And that's all the community right there.
You know what this means?
To sort of tease a little bit an idea that I brought up to you on Sunday about a little one hour thing involving a room in my house.
That would make it entirely possible.
It would. There could be plenty of good, fun things in store for us in 2010. We'll see.
So, thanks to everybody for the questions.
If I somehow missed your questions, I'm sorry, we'll roll it over to another show.
Don't forget, you can always send us an email. Mailbag at OrangeLaunchRadio.com.
And thank you guys so much for tuning into our show tonight, even though we weren't live or downloading it, even though it was a little different tonight.
I hope you guys have a great week.
We'll be back to do our normal show one week from Sunday, which would be October.
We need to bring back our missing houseguest, the ferret.
Oh, the ferret.
To join the ranks of the-
Do you miss the ferret more than Loki? Is that what you're trying to say?
No. No. No. No. Yes. No.
October 11th, we'll be live again at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, on All Games Radio.
www.AllGames.com
Any final thoughts tonight, DarkSakura?
I'm hungry.
I haven't talked about food all day.
That's how you know it's in a typical episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
My final thought is, by the time you're hearing this, I will be on Space Mountain Ghost Galaxy. Heart.
So, that's it. We're done. We're out of here.
Oh, let's go to San Francisco so we can wait for the tsunami.
The tsunami is not hitting the West Coast, didn't you hear?
Alright. We're out. Bye, guys. See you next week. October 11th, we'll be back live.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.AllGames.com, Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or AllGames.com, but we're probably right anyway.
See you next week.
