Tonight, August 14th, 2011, a patent possibly spills new details on the Wii U controller,
games finally arrive on Google+, and Australia gets a new rating for graphic games.
Hello my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice, Orange Lounge Radio. We are live on this lovely Sunday evening,
August the 14th of 2011. My name is Rob Roberts, and with me as always, say hello to the one
and the only, Dark Sakura, Jamie Sommers. Hi. How are you, Jamie Sommers? Burpy. Burpy?
A little gassy? I've been drinking root beer. Having a root beer. Awesome. By the way, it's
episode 424 tonight. 424, it's a palindrome episode. Quite. Like dad and mom. Exactly.
And uh, other words. Alright, not a palindrome, but maybe a prime number, I'm not sure. Say
hello to Techmaster Loki. Don't worry, we'll end the same way as we began. Terrible. Yes,
inevitably when the show ends someday, it will end the same way it began. What are we
just talking about tonight? In fact, Loki will have to do the last episode in one of
those cheap little $5 microphones that like, I don't, what was that microphone we had on
the first episode? It was terrible. You sounded like you were coming through a phone. I believe
it was a piece of phone wire attached to a paper cup. Yeah, something like that. It was
two Dixie cups and a string actually, I think is what he was using. Alright, anyhow, um,
usually we start off the show with how was your gaming week, but I gotta, I gotta start
this off tonight cause this is some big drama. Oh, here's a word. What? I don't wanna hear
about words, I wanna tell you about my dramas. Ibophobia. What's that? Fear of palindromes?
Um, no. A dog, a plan, a canoe. You are so random. Alright, oh, is the word itself a
palindrome? Yeah it is. Oh, okay. I was like, what the hell are you just spouting off random
words for? Are we playing balderdash tonight? Was I not aware? And so is de-leveled. De-leveled
is a palindrome. All right. And uh, as our chat room, God, I love the chatters. Chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
Always present fourth guest on our show. Uh, chat with us live. Uh, and Alpha Kinetogram
starts us off tonight reminding us of another palindrome. He says also boob. Yes. Apparently
ibophobia is an irrational fear of palindromes. Alright. Look, I gotta tell about my dramas.
Okay, dramas. And I just mentioned this to you guys before the show started but you haven't
really heard all the details yet. Details. Still. Here's what's going on. Okay, so you
know how everybody's all up in arms like, oh my gosh, PlayStation 3, our information
all got stolen, uh, Sony's in deep shit and needs to give us all years of credit protection
and all this stuff, right? Yet we haven't really heard of any cases of people actually
getting their information stolen on the PlayStation 3, right? Right. Okay. Well, I didn't have
information on the PlayStation 3 stolen, but I had $125 charged on my Xbox live account
last night. So while everything, and by the way, I'm not the first person to have that
happen. It's happened to one of my friends who hasn't even really played Xbox in like
a year. It's happened to another guy I know on Twitter who I know well from seeing it
like E3 and you know, he's a listener of the show and so forth. And I want to say I've
saw one other case on Facebook as well. So like, it's not an isolated thing. Like folks
are having their Xbox live accounts hacked and I don't know where people are getting
the passwords from. I use different passwords on different websites, so I don't know. I
like to consider myself pretty tech savvy and I don't like to like give my password
up. So I don't know where the password was compromised from, but it happened. Um, if
you guys want to know how I figured it out, um, one of the games I'll talk about during
my gaming week, Insanely Twisted Shadow Planet, I have been loving. So I wanted to sign on
and play it today. I played it last night for a little bit and I wanted to play it today
before the show so I could give you more thoughts on it. When I tried to sign into my account
on Xbox live, it told me that the profile information was corrupt and needed to be re-synced
or it needed to be re-downloaded from Xbox live. Basically the same pop up you get if
you ever have played on somebody else's Xbox. You know, you have to download your data to
be able to play on that other person's Xbox. So that told me my information had been downloaded
to another Xbox, except for the fact that I had just played Shadow Planet last night
and I hadn't played on any other Xboxes since then. I think I would know. The only Xbox
I really used to do that with was Alan's. When I used to drive, when he lived in the
Bay Area, I would go down there, transfer my info for the weekend and come home, transfer
back. I hadn't done that in months. So that told me something was wrong and instantly
the first thing that came to my mind was, wait a minute, I saw Justin tweet about this
like two days ago. His information got hacked. I'm going to go check my bank account right
now. I don't know what made me think to look. Sure enough, I look at my bank account, there's
two charges on it. One for $79.99, one for $49.99, both from Xbox live. And I go into
my Xbox live account and somebody had bought a gold pack, premium pack. I don't even know
what game it was for because by the time I saw that I was already on the phone with Xbox.com.
The good news was I was able to get right through. I didn't have to like wait on hold
for a half hour or anything. Talked to a lady there was fairly helpful, but one thing that
struck me as kind of odd that she told me was that, oh yeah, I got hit for $350 too.
Oh, so a fifth person who works for Microsoft also got hit. And we're all mad at Sony. Why?
No, I understand why we're mad at Sony, but, um, something tells me we need to be a little
irritated with Microsoft right now. Either somehow information got compromised or there's
something out there siphoning our information and they are currently getting all of our
passwords. So my advice to you, you need to stop what you're doing right now and go change
your password on xbox.com because if you haven't, you're at risk for this. So don't come crying
to me when they take $125 from you because it's going to suck.
It's going to suck for them because I don't have $125.
And there's a lot of folks that are saying, uh, I'm going to a chat room, chat.orangeandre.com.
Dick man says, I prefer buying things with cash and this is why. Tiger claw says, sky,
this is why I use the xbox live cards. I never put a credit card. Uh, okay. That's nice to
do in retrospect, but let's face it, I didn't do that. Microsoft doesn't exactly make it
easy either to do things that way, especially once they have your credit card from an xbox
live account, you know, that I had set up for gold many years ago. I've only had one
card on the xbox account and it's been expired now for four years. And if you want to take
it off, I think you have to call to get it removed. Like you can't even, yeah, it's ridiculous.
It's a pain in the ass. They wouldn't be able to use it anyway, cause it's expired. So,
and I've never renewed it. Something's coming for Microsoft. Cause I'm telling you this
is happening more and more and it's not going to stop with just me and the people I've spoke
about unless miraculously we've convinced the entire internet to change their passwords.
Uh, it's going to keep happening and I kind of think Microsoft needs to speak up a little
bit about what's going on. If nothing else, they should be putting out some bulletins
about security alerts because this is just more work for them. I want to tell you this
by the way as well, which is really important, is that the whole process for them to investigate
is going to take 21 days. So I'm not going to see that money back for 21 days. Now, luckily
I'm gainfully employed. I have a savings account. I can cover the loss of that money for 21
days. It doesn't affect me, but I know we have a lot of college kids that listen to
this show. They're like, I don't even have $125 for them to steal. So I'm just warning
you, you know, do something about it. I have thought about calling the bank, but I thought
at the end of the day, ironically enough, my card expires next month. So I was kind
of thinking like, you know, why go through all that hassle when I'm going to be getting
a new card anyway. And it's just kind of like if you start flagging all the Microsoft transactions
as suspect, then that's probably going to give me more headache in the future. Also
for all these people who say that you don't have that money in your account, keep in mind
that what you put on there is a credit card attached to your bank account in most cases
or an actual credit card. So if you don't have the money and they charge you, it's going
to go through anyway and you're going to have to deal with overdraft charges on top of it.
Right. So, you know, well, the good thing is most banks have a protection thing and
you know, it's at least there's a way to have it investigated, but it's just the whole thing
is frustrating. And just, you know, once again, knowing that someone has stolen my information
is, is kind of crappy. It's a crappy feeling. I have no other way to explain it. And the
reason why I say once again, I had my Warcraft account hacked about, probably about three
years ago at this point. It was a little while ago, but it was, it was part of the reason
why I took a big break from wow for a while. It happened right around the time that Old
War was current content, Wrath of the Lich King. And I just logging back into my character,
it didn't feel like my character anymore. Like, yeah, Blizzard had refunded all the
stuff and put it all back in the mail, but it just felt, I don't know, like it just felt
dirty.
So yeah, it kind of ruined wow for me for a little while. When I came back to wow, I
rolled a new character. I haven't touched that character since that whole incident three,
three some odd years ago. So learn from my mistake, I guess, although I don't think I
made a mistake. I mean, with Warcraft, I'm pretty internet savvy and I don't log into
a lot of suspicious stuff, but my ex was not internet savvy and I did play wow on his computer.
So I think I know how I got compromised there, but this, I'm having a really hard time figuring
it out. I don't know.
How many other systems have you at all played on?
Just Alans. Maybe one of Loki's systems years ago, but that would be it. Like, honestly
it would just be Alans or
it seems to me then that it's a breach with, from within Microsoft or an old Xbox of mine
that I would have given to Loki, but we wiped. No, cause I had the old hard drive. It wouldn't
have the information cause I have the old hard drive.
I don't have any hard drives, zeros anyways, and all the systems I have, like I said, I
don't have the hard drives. So, and then it seems to me that it's something from internal.
Yeah. And once again, it wouldn't matter anyways, even if your profile is on there, unless I
need your password, it wouldn't matter. Yeah. So, and I mean, and if in that case you could
all you would really need, all you would really need to know is the email address that you
used for your account and the password, basically the live.com login details, and then you recover
your profile that way.
So it's a bummer, but uh, yeah, that happened. So just kind of a heads up warning to folks.
So you know, now I'm out that money, but luckily I have money in savings. I'm just gonna transfer
over to cover it. It's not too big of a deal for me. Thankfully I have a savings, but I
just don't want to see it happen to many more people because it's a shitty feeling and I
kind of want to know how it happened. You know, you want to know like somebody's trying
to steal money from me. Who is it? I want to kick their ass. That's what I want to know
right now. So I guess we'll, we'll see what happens, but it's not just me. You guys, you
guys are probably seeing it on your Facebooks too.
Yeah. If you do a search on Google and you know, for a Xbox live or hacked Xbox live
account and search for the past week, there's plenty of links for people saying, Hey, my
account's been hacked. Wow. Uh, Bobby just sent me a private message.
I'm not going to say who it was, but he knows somebody else that got hit for a hundred dollars.
So good gosh, it's this, this is like, it's not isolating you guys. That's why I'm bringing
it up. Like we've all been panicking about Sony, Sony, Sony, Sony, but nothing ended
up happening with that data. Not to say nothing ever will. Don't sit on your laurels. Make
sure everything's been changed and your passwords are up to date there too. But I'm just saying
like, if you thought Microsoft was better, you're wrong. Listen up fan boys. I got $125
stolen from my Xbox account today. Microsoft is no better than Sony. I'm here to tell you.
So that's what I wanted to just kick off tonight's show with a lovely little warning that no
company is immune from all of this data theft going on. If there's money somewhere to steal,
somebody is going to try to steal it. It doesn't matter what company it is on that note. Let's
talk about your gaming week and the types of video games you've been playing this week.
I won't be able to play my, by the way, I can't sign into my account for 21 days. They've
suspended my account during the investigation, which will take three weeks. They say I can
play offline stuff and what have you, but most of the stuff I play is Xbox live arcade
and I just, I don't want my achievements to get screwed up. So I basically won't be playing
Xbox for the next three weeks. So if you see me on in the next three weeks, you might want
to drop me an email cause it's not me. I won't be playing for the next three weeks. PlayStation
three. Here I come. Woo. All right. Dark soccer. How was your game? Come over here and play
super Metroid. Funny enough, I've been playing a Metroid very much like game this week, but
I'll get to that in a minute. Dark soccer. How was your gaming week? Um, well, and stupid
freaking tiny tower, fucking bitizens and grateful wretches. Um, and so just a few things
on steam here and there, you know, nothing major. Just sort of meh. That's about it.
But Rebecca black is level 70. Congratulations. Fun, fun, fun, fun. Yeah. Gang fight. Now
who's now who plays nothing but wow. It's very interesting how things have changed in
a year. Hey, I got to look at some of these comments that are coming in from chat room
about the hacking going on. Xenocore in our chat room says, remember if Microsoft locks
down your account, your games for windows stuff will also be locked down. So check your
xbox live now you can't play dawn of war two offline because it requires a login. Um, thankfully
I don't use games for windows. I use steam or does anyone else? I have used game room.
That's about the extent of it on games. Oh no. Your game room. You won't be able to download
any more game room games. Oh no. All those releases that you're missing out on. No, but
I get, I mean Xenocore saying dawn of war two is, you know, tied into that and I'm sure
there's other games, you know, we're here and we have a story on it tonight. All these
companies want to tie you into their online service. So if you're a fan of one of these
games, you kind of get screwed. So there you go. Uh, let's see. Going to other comments
in chat. Uh, black Wolf clarifies he got hit while he was playing. I only must've missed
it by a couple hours cause I was on last night and then I noticed it this morning. Um, let's
see. Uh, sick man in our chat room says the only mistake you made sky was buying Microsoft
products. It's the same mistake a lot of us have made. No, I'm sorry. That's I wanted
to play shadow plan. That's actually probably the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard.
It's a little bit fanboy ish, but you know, obviously there's some haters out there. A
Microsoft. Oh, come on. Like PlayStation people can hate on Microsoft about network security.
Come on. You can't say shit. Exactly. Like so Sony fanboys can't point and laugh at what's
going on here. You can't, but $125 7 million account point to telling this story was Microsoft
fans can't point and laugh at Sony. You are not allowed. I'm here to tell you because
money was actually stolen in this case. You are not allowed to point and laugh at what's
going on with Sony and you're not allowed to tell people that they can't, you know,
this, this is what you get for supporting Sony or whatever bullshit I read on Twitter
during that whole stuff going on. Zebun chat says, I don't have any info on my Xbox account.
I have a silver account. I don't know. I, you know, like I said, my card is up in September
and uh, I'm definitely having thoughts to keeping a card online now. I think I might've
learned my lesson. I decay. Well, if your card auto new renews, just be where there's,
you know, a whole lawsuit, you know, we'll get into probably later on about, you know,
matter how they'll still try to charge it. And then when you put a new card on there,
they'll charge it twice. Oh jeez. Well, my card expires before Xbox live does, so it
won't matter. Anyhow, uh, Loki, how was your gaming week? Um, pretty good actually. I played
lots of stuff. I played tiny tower, of course. I played it, what I call the abridged version,
which is I cheated the hell out of it and I finished the game completely. I literally
have built as much of the tiny tower as I possibly can. I have all the shops, all of
the different everything, all maxed out, all the achievements. I have as many, um, citizens
as you can possibly fit in the building. All I can do now is build a bunch of empty floors
and that's your cheater. I don't care cause you know what? That game is annoying. That
game made my brain melt. It's seriously, that's the feeling I got from playing. I'm like,
Oh, so I'm so glad that we done this game yet. You played it till you got every single
achievement anyway, although you cheated cheer. Hey, you know what? I save time. That's why
I look at it. I don't like games that make me have to go and play like, you know, go
back and you know, Oh, Oh no, you know something you haven't stocked the shelves. I would think
that if I'm hiring employees to work in these stores and you know, they're paying me rent
and stuff, I would think that they should be smart enough to know, Hey, we're out of
stuff. Maybe we should, I don't know, restock it. Why should I have the game Loki? What
would the game be? You see your problem with tiny tower is that it's not tiny tower sniper.
That's your problem with it. That's not my problem with it. There's been games, you know,
like a theme park. I love theme park and um, you know, everybody's talking about was it
mall store. I saw that, you know, and I may have to try that, but it's um, you know, just
like, uh, was a game dev story. That's pretty fun. Bobby says that tiny tower has a bug
right now. Yeah, it's got, if you have it open, you're only earning half the cash or
something like that. Then newest version botched something. Yeah, I'm earning a lot of cash.
I will actually, I can't get any cash. I already robbed the tiny bank and you took all their
money. It's more like he printed his own money with his tiny printing press. Uh, so yeah,
I played that. By the way, I've gotten some FUs on Google and Twitter for mentioning tiny
tower on this program. FU for getting me into tiny tower. I've seen that multiple times
this week. Uh, let's see, what else did I play? I tried playing juke beat on my iPod
and you know, juke beat, see, the thing about it is it seems like a simple idea. You just
tap the, you know, squares as they light up and stuff like that, but for some reason like
the difficulty is way too high on that. I'm assuming it's because I have an iPod and it's
really small, but you can, you can tweak it so that, you know, the touch area is really
big. So like you can actually touch in the middle between two squares and it'll tap both
of them. But like even still after doing that, I still keep failing a level two song. And
I'm sorry, if it's that hard, then it's a little ridiculous. Why would I want to buy
more songs? You know, which by the way, the song packs that they have are kind of terrible.
So they're very terrible actually. Um, since you brought it up, I want to, cause I downloaded
juke beat as well. You know, it's the new Bahmani game. It's on iOS, which is the roots
of orange lawns radio is in Bahmani and I'm about to make the most ironic statement ever
in the history of this show. And I mean history cause you have to go way back to why the statement
is ironic. Um, I really think re rave is a better game than juke beat. I really do. It's
got better music. The game itself is just better. Yes. I'm saying the game that the
in the group people made is better than the game. No, no, I can't believe I'm saying it's
true. I agree. It is. It is true. And the reason why it's true is because I shouldn't
be failing a level two song. I mean, this is like if you're going to DDR, okay, you
just suck a juke beat. Oh no, no. I must. I'm reading the comments from the internet
right now. You just, I'm imagining these guys. Look, you just suck a juke beat. You just,
you just, you know. Well, I understand that this game, this game may be better on an iPad.
That's fine. I don't own an iPad. You need to memorize the patterns. You need to make
it iPad only. Well, I understand you need to memorize the patterns. You have to do that
in DDR sometimes to, you know, be able to beat some of the harder songs. But those are
like, you know, eights and nines and stuff like that. You know, whereas can you imagine
like butterfly or something like that and beginner, you know, the ones that they have
the actual animation on screen and stuff and having to kick your ass. I mean, just the
only thing about juke beat that's like irritating is that when that little thing comes up, you
have like less than a second to hit it. Like you, you have no time to react. It's like,
and you're playing that first song is like, like literally it's lighting up. Like there's
a little passage in the Frogger song that goes do, do, do, do, do, do. So you have to
be able to like hit it, hit it, hit it, hit it, hit it, hit it. Like you've got to like,
it's like playing whack-a-mole at hyper speed. And there's no real indication of what's going
to be next other than, you know, it just moving really fast. And I don't know, it, if maybe
Ubeat is a little bit better in the arcades, I'm not really sure, but if this is exactly
what it is in the arcades, I'm not too excited about it. But hey, and you know what, kind
of cool, Lisa, they put something else out. But it's just kind of eh. SSJ100Matt confirms
in chat, Juby, which is its name over in Japan, on the iPad is a lot better. And I could see
where on the iPad, my fat finger isn't getting in the way. So I can actually like see all
the things. I can like lay it on a table and probably play it easier. But on the iPhone,
it's really bad. But that's fine. But then you know what they need to do then? They need
to create an iPad app and then they need to create an iPhone app. Well, it's, it's you,
it's universal. Oh, well that's, I know that's an easy way to get around doing that. I kind
of like that it's universal. They're not going to charge me again for an iPad version. All
universal is means it has both versions in one. You can still have different versions
of the game. I think Tiny Towers universal too. Okay, but still, then why is it play
so terrible? I mean, I, I didn't have this problem with ReRave. ReRave, it was easy enough
for me to hit everything. I think ReRave just makes sense and this game doesn't. I'm sorry.
It's just kind of where I'm at with it. I think ReRave was just more interesting. The
targets are a lot bigger. They come up with more advanced notice. They're actually on
the beat and you can tell like, oh, a red one means it's on the downbeat. A blue one
means it's on the upbeat. Like it just, it makes more sense. Like, oh fuck, there's notes
everywhere. Like stuff that they used to do in DDR. You know, it's like Konami, you forget
that you released music games in the past and what you did to make, you know, make those
accessibility. See, that's what I don't understand. This is a company that understands accessibility
with their DDR games. A little too much accessibility if you ask me, but yet for some reason, a
casual gaming platform as you would normally view it, they made this game so fucking difficult
that most people would be just like, eh, whatever, and they're just gonna get, they'll delete
it cause it's free. Yeah, I mean, at least I can say that JukeBeat's free, so check it
out, download it. Maybe you'll like it even though we're sitting here, but I'll tell you
what, the songs that it comes with are pretty good, but just like listening to all the little
clips from the download stuff, wow, they're bad. They're all bad. I love that Contra song.
That Contra song is awesome, but the rest of the songs are terrible. The Frogger song
was good. I don't like Frogger. Frogger needs to die. I mean, they need to stop putting
out new Frogger games. The 3DS Frogger, eh. I don't understand the point for the 3DS Frogger,
but whatever. At least they're doing something slightly different with it. But, yeah, in
Frogger, not really a game I know for its music. In fact, I don't believe there was
any music in Frogger. Alright, I gotta read some comments from chat here. We're backing
up on comments here. Going back to the hacking stuff, Sickman wanted to clarify an earlier
comment and says, Sky, you completely misunderstood me. I meant they make shitty hardware. I'm
not gonna disagree with you there. The hardware Xbox makes, I mean, considering the whole
Red, Rings of Death and all the other crap they've had to deal with. Yeah, Microsoft
does kind of make shitty hardware, but my problem wasn't a hardware issue. At all.
Yeah. Other things I played this week. VVVVVVV because I got the Humble in the Bundle, and
yeah, it's very difficult, and I'm kind of frustrated. I'm at this one level in the game
where you have to escort this guy across the screen, and it's annoying. It's just annoying
in the controls because it's very floaty, I guess. So, but hey, you get unlimited lives,
it's just, sometimes it's annoying. But I think I'm almost finished with the game. I
have like, I think two more people to rescue and that's it. Yeah, but there might be a
whole little twist coming up or something. Yeah, I don't care. Remember how Castlevania
had the upside down castle? Yeah. Be ready. And then other than that, let's see, I played
more Earth Defense Force. I downloaded the two weapons packs for that. I still haven't
gotten a chance to actually try the weapons, but I've downloaded them. And then also, more
Grand Theft Auto, of course. And I do have in Singling Twisted Shadow Planet, but still
haven't played it yet. I'm really wanting to play it because the reviews have been great,
so hopefully soon. I think that's all I've played. All right. I'll talk about my gaming
week, besides what I mentioned at the top of the show. Well, I have mentioned I played
Insanely Twisted Shadow Planet, which I was enjoying. It's basically Metroid with kind
of like Limbo's graphics, in a way. I don't know how else to explain it. I really like
it. Like, I downloaded the demo and the minute I realized, I'm like, oh, this is like fucking
Metroid, except it's a spaceship that you control. So it's more of a, you don't just
move left and right and jump, you fly anywhere you want. Otherwise, it's that same concept
where you try to find items that will break open the way to other items and so forth and
exploration. And you know, I really like those types of games, the exploration games. Does
it really do much to set up a story? I mean, there's movies and so on, but it doesn't exactly
hand you the what to do on a silver platter. It's very abstract in some ways, but it doesn't
really take away from the experience. I was really enjoying the game and I'm kind of pissed.
I'm not gonna be able to play it for three more weeks because I was on a roll and I kind
of wanted to beat it. Uh, but I only got about maybe a third of the way. I think it said
I was like 30% complete or 33% complete. I won't be able to do that now for three weeks.
So hackers, did you recover your profile to your system? No, you were unable to do that.
No. Well, they, they said I could play offline, but I just, I don't know. I'm going to, because
I don't want to get screwed up and all that. Yeah, it will get screwed up. I was gonna
see if you recovered your profile to your system, you can play it and it wouldn't matter
because they would sync back up when you're done. But if you haven't, then yeah. So those
humans would go, bye bye. Yeah, no, I didn't do that. So now I'm, I'm kind of stuck. So
it's all right. I've got some stuff on PlayStation three I want to play. Uh, but just irritating.
And then there's always, wow. Right. Jamie, we've got a lot of ratings. You can play some
LA noir. That's right. I have not touched LA noir yet and I have your copy on PSO. Yes,
I'm totally missing it right now. I do need to play it. So this, the silver lining in
my crap story is there are PS3 games. I actually got back my games that I've been learning
out to people and like, so I completely forgot that I've been learning out. Like I got my
three dot game heroes back in a portal to my other like portal to on like every goddamn
system now. That's an, I need to go back and finish co-op and portal to, that's another
thing I need to do. It's like I've got plenty to do. I've got, and randomly, okay, so insane
twisted shadow planet. If you like Metroid, you need to be downloading the demo right
now after you change your Xbox live password, go check it out because, or the Castlevania,
what Metroidvania, any of those types of games, you will like this game. It's got really pretty
sharp graphics. It's like playing a cartoon. It's really cool. You've got to check it out.
Jamie, I think you would really like this. You really need to make it a point to check
it out this week. Okay. I'll tell Dan, at least get the demo, at least get the demo.
All right. Um, by the way, I forgot, so go ahead. Okay. Other games I randomly had a,
I want to play civilization five and when you want to play civilization five, that turns
into a five minute thought that goes on for like four hours because you can't just like
stop playing civilization five. So I played an entire campaign over the weekend. You were
still playing when I went to bed. I was, yeah, I was playing as the Spanish and I played
from start to finish. Granted, I was playing on dopey easy level because I'm really not
good at civilization, but I beat it. I did a cultural victory and I got the, no one expects
the Spanish Inquisition achievement. So now I'm playing another, what better way to, I
kicked it up a difficulty level and now I'm playing as, who am I playing as? The Russians.
I'm playing as the Russians and I'm going to, um, uh, hopefully win a scientific victory.
That's what I'm going for this time. So I, I really love Civ five. I don't know what
made me decide to play it again. Just, you know, you see it sitting there in steam and
I'm like, I didn't play this game in a while. I'm gonna play it. Granted, there is the new
download content. I know you might be thinking, Oh, maybe you saw like the Korean download
content and the new scenarios. I don't really play a lot of scenarios. I like to just play
random skirmishes, but I love how customizable the game is. Civilization one is my all time
favorite game next to super Metroid. Probably it's my all time favorite PC game. Uh, so
it's no secret that I adore Civ five. I think it's one of the best in the series. It's certainly
better than two or three. Four was pretty good too though. Uh, but I love five. So I
was playing that and, um, on the PlayStation three extra for had a random gaming night
last night. So a couple of us went over there and, uh, played hardcore uprising, which is
the Contra game that's on X-Box three 60 and it's on PlayStation three. So we were playing
that for a little bit, uh, which is, you know, it's a, it's Contra hard as hell, just like
you remember. Um, and then we were playing, um, super smash brothers. Melee is the one
on the Wii, right? I was getting mixed up brawls on the Wii. I can never remember which
ones, which we played the Wii one for a little while. And, uh, then we played one other game
that I'm totally forgetting right now. Oh, we played Katamari forever on the PlayStation
three. I know random, right? But you know, I brought a stack of games over and that's
what we chose to play. So that was my game night. That's pretty much my gaming week.
Lots. I've been pretty busy. And then of course, wow, wow, wow. Lots of wow stuff, but I have
the other show for that. Someone's going to teach me how to tank for a fee. I'm just kidding.
All right. I'll pay you in pink Berry. All right. Uh, black Wolf in our chat room says,
I love playing dopey on dopey, easy level and Civ five. It's so much fun. That's the
way to play. That's, that's the best way to play Civ five. Uh, especially if you're not
very good at the, uh, strategical types of games. All right. Uh, that's going to do it
for, uh, how was our gaming week? Hope you guys had a good gaming week too. Uh, quickly
some housekeeping. Um, we were still having shows over the next few weeks. You guys are
going to do a show when I'm not here. Right. You said you're going to do it anyway. No,
no, you're not doing, I thought you were no, I'm babysitting on a Sunday. Yes. Okay. Um,
no, not a human baby. Oh, the kitty babies. That's on the 29th and 31st I think. I'm still
watching the kitty babies. So no show the 28th then? Yeah. All right. Yes. A show or
yes. No. No show. No show on the 28th. So you can plan accordingly. All right. Uh, visit
us on Facebook, facebook.com slash orange launch radio and of course Twitter, twitter.com
slash O L R. We'll be taking some of your tweets. Yes. And our tumbler now too. Orange
launch radio dot tumbler dot com. All right. Look, you just beat one of the hard parts
of DVD. I fucking hate that stupid mission. I hated that too. I'll just put this on pause
for now. All right. Uh, yeah, you got to put it on pause cause you got to start us off
with some news tonight. What's going on in the gaming world tonight? Uh, lots of stuff.
So let's start talking about, uh, the steam trading beta that they're going to have, which
is kind of cool in case if you're buying some packs and you get a bunch of extra games or
stuff gifted to you that you may already have and whatnot. Um, basically what this is gonna
allow you to do is, uh, trade different items for, I guess, didn't really say yet, but like
for example, you can trade, I can know why you would do this trade like games for hacks
and team fortress too. Yeah. I don't know about that. Um, yeah. Right now the service
only supports trading of items, um, I guess in team fortress too, but they're going to
be, um, supporting everything soon. I guess, um, portal too. So I think maybe they're talking
a little bit more of just actually like in game items right now. Um, but eventually you'll
be able to trade for games and whatnot. Um, I guess they're going to be allowing you to
trade for games. So, uh, that's kinda cool. And actually if you think about it, I mean,
I mean, that's pretty cool that they're heading in that direction anyways. Cause if you think
about it, you can swap games with people. I mean, essentially, I think it's a neat idea.
I mean, it's still in its early, early stages obviously. So of course it's kind of restricted
to valve products. I mean, I guess it's not just valve products you can trade, but I guess
the stuff that you can trade for right now is really only valve, at least with the micro
transaction type of stuff. So it's still very vague to me, like how this all works. Cause
I don't really have any extra copies of games straight right now. I wish I'd known this
when I bought Terraria. I wouldn't have given a copy to Jamie. I would have traded it away.
Hey. Okay, fine. I like Minecraft Aria. I had four copies that game and I literally
gave a copy to somebody. I was like, I think he'll like it. I don't know. I don't even
know if he's played it. So I could have traded that for a hat, but I don't know. And it's
interesting though. I mean, how often do you just have spare copies of games lying around,
but sometimes you buy these packs and you kind of get the extra copies. So I like the
idea of being able to trade them for either a game I really want, or I guess a little
piece of something, something in the game. Like I kind of like go, eh, I don't really
need a hat in team fortress two, cause I don't really play that game. But then I go, huh,
if 2k bought into this, I could buy the Korean civilization expansion for Civ five and that
I would enjoy. So yeah, that's amazing how this buy sell trade stuff works and how people
like it and how it promotes the sales of new items. That's amazing. Gee, I wish publishers
would have thought of that. I don't think we're getting to the topic again. Of course
of how they're trying to discourage buy sell trade stuff with more of the online codes
and whatnot. They don't understand that they're just... I think we have a game that's doing
something. It's something different than an online pass. Yeah, anyway, so, um, but they
don't understand that they're only hurting themselves. I mean, by discouraging buy sell...
First off, the argument, and I've said this a few times, but I'll say it again, the argument
that the developers don't get money for these games if people are buying used copies is
a bunch of bullshit because, for one, the developers get money when the game is sold
from the publisher, not bought in the store. Perfect example, Catherine. They came out
and they're all, oh yeah, we've shipped 200,000 units and they're celebrating and stuff like
that. Then the NPD numbers come out for July and they've only sold 78,000 of those 200,000
that were shipped. Perfect example, though. But they got paid for 200,000 copies. So say,
for example, your average gamer that's gonna... they can't afford new games. And so they're
buying used games, they're selling their used games, you know, trading them into like a
GameStop or wherever to get credit towards a new game. That new game wouldn't be sold
if you're discouraging, first off, the game companies and, you know, other people from
selling used games in the first place. Then these people, they have to pony up real money
in order to buy this stuff and, you know what, most of the time people are just gonna say,
eh, maybe I just don't need that game. And that's really gonna hurt your bottom line
in the end, because you're being greedy and trying to get a few extra sales. It's just
gotta all play out. But unfortunately, people don't seem to care too much, once again, because
EA's been doing it for over a year now with their sports games and I've really seen a
lot of hits from their sports games, you know, oh those sales have hurt so bad. Or not at
all. I think what Steam is doing is kinda smart because, you know, it's gonna encourage
people to buy extra copies of games and buy the game packs just to have shit to trade.
Like at the end of the day, I think this is gonna generate more money. Exactly! People
are gonna wanna have the stuff in their pocket that they can barter. Like, I don't think...
not everybody, but I think there's gonna be some people that are like, oh, I could buy
the multi-pack for just a few dollars more and I guess I could maybe trade somebody that
for DLC and get like a deal there. It's opening up this whole new flea market style thing
for games that's really interesting to me. Yeah. Looking forward to that. Are you purchasing
something on Steam right now? Yes. I'm being nosy, what are you buying? Oddworld Abe's
Odyssey is $1.24. Oh. A whole dollar? Yeah. I like Oddworld. Oddworld's cool. Alright.
So looking at our chatroom at chat.orangelaungeradio.com, Infinel in our chatroom says, buy games during
the special deals at 75% off, trade later when the price goes back to normal. Possibly.
Let's see. Breakman in chat says, what kind of in-game items does Portal 2 have? Nothing
yet, but that's... Hats. Well, yeah, there are hats, but aren't they supposed to be getting
some other stuff soon? Yeah, where the hell is that download content that we were promised
back in June? IDK. Is that gonna come out before or after Half-Life 2 Episode 3? After?
Damn. Do you see the people protesting outside of Valve for Half-Life 3? I know one of the
guys that was doing it. It was apparently Old Gildy of mine from Valve. Okay, I'm sorry.
Let me put it this way. I think they were just having fun. Okay, well good, I'm glad
they're having fun because you know what? Gabe isn't starving for sales. He's definitely
not starving at all. I mean, so there's no reason to think that they're in a hurry to
make, you know, Half-Life 2 Episode 3. I got the sense that it was just, you know, it was
something fun to do. They'll do whatever. I mean, they'll work on it. I would think
at this point they gotta be... I would think that they would wanna do a new engine. I mean,
how long have they been using the goddamn Half-Life 2 engine? Forever. They may have
to make a new engine or something. Maybe that's what they're doing. So it's been taken ten
years. IDK. Maybe. Alright, moving on. Talking about other games and so forth. PC games specifically.
Battlefield 3. And you know what's interesting is one of the ways a lot of people got hooked
on Steam was that if you wanted to play certain Valve games, you kinda had to install Steam
and then everybody saw the deals that came with that. And then of course a bunch of other
publishers got on board and we just talked earlier, there was a chat room comment about
some games that require game for Windows to power them. Well, EA is soon going to be requiring
Origin for Battlefield 3. That's right, if you wanna play the PC version of Battlefield
3, you will have to register for EA's Origin service. This came from the DICE community
manager Daniel Matros. This is all confirmed via Twitter. I guess somebody had put it out
there if this was gonna be a requirement and it was confirmed. So retail, digital, doesn't
matter where you buy it, you will have to sign up for Origin. Which if I'm not mistaken,
EA's whole online thing kinda all shifted to Origin anyway. So it doesn't totally surprise
me, but I don't know. It's just like, I really don't want 5,000 stores sitting on my computer
desktop. I always thought it was stupid that you'd have to have some sort of EA account
anyways for their games. Period. The fact that they're doing Origin is not a big surprise
either that they want to get into the digital marketplace, but their excuse for why their
game's not on Steam was just hilarious. Oh, it's because they don't want us to put our
game on Steam. No, it's because you want to try to sell it exclusively on Origin. That's
really the deal, but you want to make Valve out to be the bad guy. Well, hold on, because
their complaint is that Valve wants to control the patching, and EA doesn't want that. EA
wants to control the patching. To really make a long story short is ultimately what it boils
down to, is that they don't want to have to push all their patches through Valve and get
approval from Valve. They want to be able to do it themselves. That's what it boils
down to. Yeah, but see, that doesn't make any sense until we know how hard the approval
process is for patching. If they're like, here's the patch, okay. I mean, it's just
an excuse is what it is. Going to our chatroom in the comments, Kaijuto says, I won't be
playing Battlefield 3 on PC. Zether says, fuck Battlefield 3, I'll play Battlefield
2 instead. Going back a little bit further, talking about Half-Life and all that, Tigerclaw
says, the source engine throughout the years has been getting massive upgrades with every
new game. Take Portal 2, for example. It runs on the source engine, and the graphics are
better than before. That's true. Tigerclaw also points out to the folks saying, fuck
Battlefield 3 on PC. A game like that was strictly made for PC in mind, then portaled
to the consoles. But see, you know, this whole requirement for Origin and stuff, that's just
right now. I mean, look at like, Portal 2 and stuff, or even on the other, like, Valve
products. You don't have to be connected to Steam, nor to play those on your PC. No, you
don't. So, I mean. Hackers will fix the problem, okay? They'll come and save the day, and that'll
be the end of that. I kinda like Steam. Their actions have shown that they're really trying
to be on the pulse of what gamers really want. Not what executives want for gamers, but what
gamers really want. I mean, the sales have been really kick-ass. This whole trading thing,
although it's a little weird, I like that they're even fucking going there. I mean,
I do not expect Origin or Games for Windows to be following this, what Valve's trying
to do here. And that's kinda part of the reason I'm a little loyal to Steam. They've shown,
they've really tried to push, like, what they're trying to do for privacy and security, and
to make sure all that stuff's locked down. Their DRM is restrictive enough without being
too restrictive. I mean, I don't wanna come off sounding like a fanboy, but I feel like
Steam's proven themselves where others have not. And that's basically what it boils down
to, right? Yeah. It's my money. Yeah. Prove to me you want it. Yeah. You're starting to
sound like what's-her-name in Portal 2, the Secretary. Burn his house down. Alright, anyhow.
Let's move on, DarkSakura. Away from the PCs for a little bit, right? How about some Wii
stuff? Wii, Wii! They have filed for a patent for the digital tablet. So basically there's
some information about that controller going on that says it basically has a magnetometer
in it, which is basically for motion control calibration. And it has the microphone, speaker,
and camera functions that are also included. There's actually a neat little diagram of
someone holding a Wiimote over it and using it as a, like playing golf with it. So using
it to sense where the Wiimote is in terms of the floor, I guess. But they're also saying
that it does have different IR modules and likely it's going to also include connectivity
with the 3DS. So. And it also says it's gonna be about as strong as the PS3 and the Xbox
360. I guess none of that is a huge surprise except that whole magnetometer? What do they
call that? A magnetometer. It's for calibration. It's powered by Magneto. It's like your little
pendulum in your pinball table. You know, you lean it too far, tilt. Well I think for
one to remember it's used for finding true north. It's for orientation. Why do I need
to find true north in my house? The PSP has them. What compass game would I be playing
in my house? Really the PSP? Why does the PSP? Well the PSP has GPS features, right?
Well the. I thought they do. It's in the move and it's going to be in the Vita. Yes it does.
Don't want to do the Japanese releases. There's usually some type of like navigation software
for the PSP. Yeah, they have an attachment for it. It's an extra accessory. It's going
to be for the Vita, but it's already in the move. Hmm. If it had GPS I'd probably be using
a lot more than there was. Fair enough. Well, I don't know. What do you think of the Wii
U developments? I mean, none of it's really too shocking. I guess it's neat that they're
trying to fill up the tablet with more stuff, but at the end of the day, show me the games.
I think it's all just going to be integrated into their whole immersive environment type
of thing. I really want to know what Nintendo's online thing's going to be. I almost think
it's going to be something like a handheld Kinect. It'll have the similar functionality
except it's going to use it in conjunction with the Wiimote. Hmm. Something like that.
I think their online's going to be terrible. Did you say turd-arable? I thought you were
going to say terraria and I was like, really? You're going to Minecraft your way on Nintendo
? I was making it seem like I was going to say terrific and then mid-word I changed it
to terrible. Therefore, being funny, adding humor to the word. I like turdrific. I'm going
to use turdrific from now on. Well, Loki, yet another failure of your humor on this
program. Hey, I considered excess myself, so failure, I do not see that. Just like the
3DS, it is a very successful product. It's not failing at all. Horse turds. I like turdrific.
I'll use that in a sentence three times today. Okay. Let's move on. More gaming news, Loki.
Guess what? PS3's got another firmware. Hurrah. 3.7, it brings fun stuff as auto cloud saves
and trophy syncing as well. However, in order to actually access any of these features,
you have to be a PlayStation Plus member. Eh, that's too bad. Yeah, some of the stuff
that they of course hinting at before when they were talking a little bit about PlayStation
Plus. Also, they've done some rearranging of their TV and video services. I guess that
will be added to the cross media bar now. And a new category will house online services
like Hulu and Netflix. So they're kind of tweaking some arrangement around. Moving your
stuff all around. And of course the undocumented features are they're signing stuff with new
codes now. Or new keys, I guess. Trying to prevent all the hacking and cracking behind
the scenes. Of course. I said trying. Yes, that is the key word, of course. Trying. I'm
sure somebody found a way around it in 24 hours. Yeah, they already have. Alright. Well,
I downloaded the firmware and I didn't really notice anything. Hurrah, I guess. I guess
I always expect maybe my games will suddenly be more fun. Patches don't ever really seem
to have that. Hey, Gamefly. You've probably heard of them. They're a pretty popular Netflixy
type of service for games. But this time, they're kind of going further in that direction
of Netflix where soon you'll be able to play the games on demand. It's a PC thing though.
It's unlimited PC play service. You know, they took over direct to drive some time ago
and this seems to be the next step of that. Gamefly says that they are talking to all
publishers about participating. Several have been signed but we're not announcing at this
time. In the unlimited PC play portion for Gamefly subscribers, we expect to have over
a hundred titles available for the beta launch but we'll be adding to the list constantly
and should have hundreds at the time of our holiday launch. So, I guess also some folks
are asking, well, then if they're going to have the PC thing only, will there be a plan
for Gamefly that is only PC? Kind of like how there's a Netflix streaming only plan.
Sean Spector, the co-founder of Gamefly said in response to that, we currently have no
plans to offer a digital only subscription as we believe the real value to gamers and
our members is our unique combination of console and digital PC game offerings. So in other
words, no, the plans aren't going to be any cheaper. So, I guess that's kind of cool.
I mean, I don't know. It kind of sounds like what GameTap used to be. Remember GameTap?
They're still around but they suck now. Like when they first came out, it was an interesting
concept but, yeah, then they got sold and not so great anymore. So, I guess it's kind
of neat that somebody's kind of trying to pick that up. I noticed this little demo screen
shot. I don't know if this was just mocked up by somebody but it has games like DC Universe
and so forth in there. Now, I can't see how it...
It's because they bought Direct Drive.
Oh, and that was some of the games that were on there?
Yeah.
Interesting. Well, it'd be kind of cool but if some of the games are playable infinitely
but, I don't know, I don't have my hopes up that it'll be much more than a lot of the
Flash games or really old games. You know, that's kind of what GameTap had which isn't
necessarily a bad thing. I mean, just because a game is old doesn't mean it's bad. One thing
I really liked about GameTap was that it had like all the old Ask Kings Quest games and
all the old Zort games and all of that. Sometimes there were some gems from years and years
ago that you might have missed. So, I don't know. We'll see how this plays out. It really
depends on what games and how much. We'll see.
DarkSakura.
Well, how about some news for the UK Nintendo 3DS price cut? This is basically just the
overall game revealed recently that they have a trade-in deal where if you trade in a DSi-XL
you can get a 3DS for 49.99 or with Zelda Ocarina of Time for 59.99. So, that's actually
a pretty decent deal. Also, the regular price of that is 159.99 bundled with Zelda Ocarina
of Time. Again, this is in British Pounds. If you trade in a DSi, you will get it for
89.99. So, looking at the vendors overall, this is what you're looking for for the different
prices. Not all of them are gonna price match, but here's what we have. For Tesco, it's 115.
For Morrison's, 120. For ASDA, 134. For Sainsbury's, 140. Online, for Amazon it's
115. Shop2 is 135. GameStop, 135. Gameplay, 135. And Play, 140. And then High Street
and Online, it says Toys R Us is 135. Currys is 140. Argos is 150. Game is 150, while
Online it's 140. And HMV is 150 and includes a free game. It's 140 online.
Just to kind of piggyback on that a little bit, if you want to know what's going on here
in the US, Target, honestly, started a system which I thought was weird because I didn't
really think of Target as buying your old systems. But apparently, Target, I guess it
was just this past weekend, so you might have already missed it, so sorry about that. But
I guess Target was accepting DS trade-ins as credit towards a 3DS, and Excel was worth
$100, a DSI was worth $75. So I guess my Target doesn't sell used games or any that I've seen.
Are there other Targets out there that are in the used game market now?
I haven't seen it unless they have a deal with another used game vendor.
That could be. Maybe they put them back in the, sell them back to a vendor that sells
those. I don't know. Interesting. So, keep your eye out on places like Target and so
forth here in the US because there will probably be other details like that soon. So, anyhow,
speaking of things to do at the game store, there's some release dates we've got to go
over around the world, and we'll start off with the US release dates. Loki?
Not a lot this week, of course, because, you know, this month's been the theme of the past
month. Yeah, pretty much. It's been slow. But at least there are some actual things
coming out. Starting off with No More Heroes Paradise, or No More Heroes Heroes Paradise
on the PlayStation 3. That's actually getting a budget price to it, which is kind of cool
because it was full price at one point. With move support as well, so you swing around
your lightsaber that way. And also, coming to Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3, El Shaddai,
Ascension of the Metatron from Ignition. And a pretty cool-looking action game there. Very
abstract. That's on both those systems. Age of Empires Online on PC. Puzzler World 2 for
Nintendo DS. Emily the Strange Strangress on the Nintendo DS. And yeah, maybe this is
the problem with the Wii right here. Jerry Rice and Nidus Dog Football for the Nintendo
Wii. Fuck, that sounds awesome! I love the Puppy Bowl. That's like the best part of the
Super Bowl. Dog Football. The only good part of the Super Bowl. That's the only thing worth
watching is the Puppy Bowl. I could give two shits about the regular football game. The
Kitty Cat Halftime? Yes, Kitty Cat Halftime is what it's all about. Dog Football on the
Wii. That's an amazing release on the Wii. Why are you, why you gotta be rough on the
races? Don't forget to sip your waitress, everybody. Alright, reading some comments
in our chatroom. Going back a little bit to the story about the Target and all the price
deals on the DS and trade-ins and so forth. Mieglatov points out Best Buy is still doing
that deal. I haven't seen a Best Buy that does that either, that does the used games.
I guess they're doing it, but not any of the ones near here. Have you been into a Best
Buy that does used games? Not lately yet. No wait, I did see one. I saw one, so I guess
it is slowly coming out. So, there you go. Alright, anyhow, moving on to the Japanese
releases and what's coming out of there. On the Xbox 360, Dirt 3 comes out on the 25th
on the Xbox 360 and that's pretty much the only release you have to look forward to over
there. On the Playstation 3 on the 18th, there is Cho-Jigan Game Neptune. I don't even know,
what the heck is this? It's from Idea Factory and it is the evil witch Magicon is back and
game galio world falls into chaos. The shops ran out of business, the creators are starving
and most of the children are worshipping Magicon as a goddess. So what is this? This is a collaboration
between Gust, Nippon Ichi, 5BP, KI Concept, Idea Factory and Compile Heart. That's a lot
of, this is a huge crossover game I guess is what this is all about. Worlds collide
in this game. It looks a little RPG-ish. And that's a big release I guess on the Playstation
3. I don't think that's something we'll be getting over here. That's out on the 18th.
Going to the other systems in Japan, nothing to say yet on the Wii, but on the PSP, Amnesia,
I do not believe that is the same Amnesia that scares the shit out of people on the
PC here. There's a scary ass game on the PC called Amnesia that's in Steam and stuff.
It's not the same game. This is a artsy anime type of game that's available on the PSP.
And there's lots of kissing. Like look, they're making out, these two are going to make out
and he's probably dreaming about somebody making out with him. Like there's just lots
of kissy kissy in this game. Aww. That's an adventure game on the PSP if you like kissy
kissy stuff. Growlancer 4 Over Reloaded also comes out on the PSP this week. Boy there's
really just not a lot to get excited about right now. They're already on the fourth one?
Yes. Wow. That's it for Japanese releases. How about UK? A few. On the 17th we have Cubix
HD from Dust for PC from Ubisoft. Toy Soldier Civil War and on the 19th we have Xenoblade
Chronicles for Wii. That's it. There's no more. Hey, Xenoblade Chronicles might be of
interest to some people. A few, maybe. Alright, I wouldn't be surprised if some of the Operation
Rainfall people are like, ok, this week you have to buy a Wii system from the UK and buy
Xenoblade just to show that we want it here. Just wait for it. Moving on, more news. Couple
more news stories for you guys and then the classic game of the week coming up in just
a little bit here. So, a little more news about THQ. We talked last week how they weren't
too happy about their overall earnings for the second quarter. THQ of course is not going
to actively pursue development of the MX vs ATV franchise. So, it looks like it will also
be joining Red Faction as another franchise that's kind of run out of steam. They were
saying their latest game was kind of an experiment, although it was a failed experiment and unfortunately
releasing the title at a budget price didn't spur the extra sales they were hoping to make
up on the back end with DLC and it's kind of not a good thing. So, not going to continue
on with that franchise. Also, they've let go of 200 people and they're shifting their
development focus away from kids and licensed titles, which I got to admit, other than the
WWE games and the occasional Saints Row and stuff like that, they do a lot of fucking
kids games. You probably won't see the shift away from it this holiday because they have
a lot of fucking kids games coming out other than Saints Row and WWE. Lots of You Draw
stuff, lots of the Marvel Superhero Squad chibi Marvel stuff and Spongebob and all the
Nicktoons stuff. So, it's good that they're getting away from that. Oh, imagine that.
All those little shovelware games didn't do so well at the end of the day. Yeah, too bad.
Moving on to, I guess I was joking about this earlier, but we do have a story about the
whole Xenoblade and so forth. It is coming out, of course, in Europe very soon, as Dark
Sakura just said. Reggie Fils-Aime made a comment to IGN this week about Xenoblade Chronicles.
We will be watching very closely what happens in Europe. Certainly, if there are business
opportunities and positive consumer uptake from some of those titles, that will be great
data for us to consider as we look at what to do with these titles. Boy, if that's not
a run around the bush answer, if I've ever heard one, that's a I'm not fucking telling
you that the game is confirmed for here. I'm just going to bullshit you with some of that.
That was the biggest pound of bullshit I've ever heard. Something smells. Yeah, so whatever.
It's not Shermie's ass. Whatever. So it's the nicest possible way you can say, please
buy the game in Europe, but it doesn't mean we're going to put it out here. That pile
of bullshit was like 400 Keurig. Anyhow, Operation Rainfall. That doesn't stop Operation Rainfall.
They're not going to take no for an answer, not even for Reggie Fils-Aime, who didn't
really say no, but he didn't really say yes either. Operation Rainfall is starting phase
two. Kicking it up a notch. Oh no. We're stepping it up. We're going to get these fucking games
out here. So would this be considered plan B? Yes, this is plan B. So here's plan B.
It's going to coincide with the August 19th launch of Xenoblade Chronicles in Europe.
To all residents in the regions of Europe and Oceania, says the organizers of Operation
Rainfall, we encourage you to pre-order and purchase it at your earliest convenience.
In the Americas, we encourage you to promote awareness of these titles. Good sales abroad
will be a strong indicator for the title, making it to American shores. So, you know,
tell people in Europe to go buy the fucking game and buy it now. Don't buy it used, buy
it new so they get the sales, you know, try to sell a lot of copies of that game. Send
us a copy. Now, yeah, that's that. Hey, we'll take that. Buy one. Oh wait, we couldn't play
it on anything. Do you have a, do you have a, wait, oh, you have a region free. We don't
want you. Well, sort of fair enough. Um, also they're going to be sending a rally of letters
to Nintendo of America. You're supposed to mail them from August 13th to August 17th
so that they all get there about the same time. This kind of reminds me of when everybody
sent the peanuts to CBS to try and save Jericho. Like, but they're just sending letters like
you need, like you need to send something, you need to not just send a letter, you need
to send something with it. Like, you know, instead of peanuts, what's something that
they could send for Xenoblade? Switchblades, switchblades, box cutters. No, don't do that.
Don't do it now. We're just kidding. Don't do that. Good Lord. Like the shit. They will
look at you at the post office. Funny if you do that. Send them hand drawn pictures of
knives. No, don't do that. Don't do that. Um, let's see. What could, what could you
send? I have to turn that over to the chat room. That would remind somebody of Xenoblade
or I guess you could say the last story or Pandora's tower. Is there like some other
factor that makes a whole bunch of copies of Xenogears from PlayStation the best? I
don't know. Um, what about like letter Xs? Like they should cut out the letter X from
all their magazines and put them in an envelope so that when they open it up, just Xs fly
everywhere. And the X means Xenoblade. How about bees? No, cause the bees would fly everywhere.
It's a little more daring. All right, fine. I don't want to open the rest of those letters.
They're all buzzing over there. I just thought it was the one, but I'm pretty sure there's
bees in all of those. This package is buzzing and it's angry. Make it stop Reggie. Fine.
Send them bees. All right. I'm pretty sure bees wouldn't survive the trip though, but
uh, you could try the holes in the box. Oh, we're sending in a box. You can fill out bees
in a box. Don't send them bees. Just send them a jar of honey saying we were going to
send bees, but bees didn't want to stay in the box. Here's some honey instead. You know,
wasps, they're meaner. Hold on. No. Operation rainfall does not think you should send bees.
They say you should send letters and they've also posted an open letter to Satoru Wata.
Here's what you need to do. If you want to just beat the shit out of a water right now,
buy Nintendo stock and then complain as an investor. That's what you need to do. If you
really want to kick Nintendo in the balls right now, become an investor of Nintendo
stock and then say, as an investor, I feel that you need to bring Xenoblade out of here.
The stock prices keep dropping, so it's going to be cheap real soon. Okay, now the chat
room has a great suggestion. Send them porn because when you think X, it's X, X, X. Yeah,
that's not going to work. Send them porn. Send them. What is it? Frisbee in chat says
each one of these things is how you make us feel. Sorry. Cause you know, I'm thinking
of that gift that's out there on the internet. The animated gift file of Oprah opening the
box. It says bees. It was on the Conan show. Tiger cloth. Find me that GIF posted in chats.
Even better issues. You send it like the Riddler. You know how the Riddler would send you a
little boxes, question marks on, but they have a box with a question mark on it in the
Mario universe. It fits like that with the bees. That's good. Or you can have the treasure
chest from Zelda. So when they open it, it's like, doo, doo, doo, doo, bees. And then the
note says each of these things is how you make us feel or bees in a jar. Just like,
you know, Zelda, it's all, I'm really going with the bees here. I think the bees are really
good. They keep sending bees, throw them in the fountain and see if you get super bees,
super bees. All right, look, there's more to this story. Shut up about the bees already.
All right. On August 19th, there's one more big thing that operation rainfall is going
to be doing. You're ready as a show of an interest in RPGs. Everybody on August 19th
should purchase Final Fantasy on Virtual Console. But if you already have it, you should give
the money to somebody else or donate to Child's Play, which I'm not going to make fun of that
idea. I think donating to Child's Play is always a good idea. I'm not quite sure how
that gets the point across that you want Xenoblade, but okay, whatever gets you to donate to a
good charity. That's fine. As far as buying Final Fantasy on the Virtual Console, I think
your money might just be better spent giving the money to Child's Play in the name of bringing
Xenoblade to the Wii. Like, how is buying Final Fantasy on Virtual Console and increasing
Square Enix's coffers going to prove to Reggie that we want Xenoblade? I don't, like, Loki,
can you help explain this to me? Because I'm not understanding.
Well, they have blades in both of them, and Square Enix made Xenogears, and it's a terrible
idea. Because you know what's going to happen? Because once again, this is the problem. Yes,
there's lots of people on forums, lots of people on forums, that are complaining that
Xenoblade is not coming to the United States. But lots of people on forums also said, Mad
World is a fucking awesome game and I'm going to buy it. See, that's the problem. People
on forums, you know what your numbers are, right? You're not 100,000. You're not maybe
even 10,000.
And most people that post on forums that say they're going to buy it don't really buy it.
They end up pirating it, or borrowing it from a friend.
There are maybe a few thousand people that want this game. And I'm sorry, a game that
only sells a few thousand copies is a failure. So, it's just not going to happen. You know
what? Just save your money, save your time, wait for E3 next year, and maybe they'll announce
it. But in the meantime, if you really do want to spend, like, I don't know how much
it is for Final Fantasy 7 bucks, you can buy a lot of bees for $7. I'm telling you. I think
it's a great idea. And you know what? Hey, okay, fine. If you don't want to send them
live bees, because that might be a terrorist attack or a terror threat or something like
that, you know how they're all insensitive about that kind of...
But bees pollinate!
You can send them, like, a chocolate-covered... They don't sell chocolate-covered bees, I
would imagine.
I know. I know.
Maybe, like, uh...
Pictures of bees?
You know, send them Mario with his head cut off. I don't know. Just... Here's what you
need to do. Spend that $10 or whatever that you would have spent on, you know, Final Fantasy
or whatever. Just...
And donate it to charity and know that your money went to something good.
Or go buy lunch. Or go, like, go just, you know, rent a porno or something like that.
Fucking chill the fuck out. Because you're, like, getting all up in arms about, like,
some one damn game. Oh, these are the best games on the Wii! The best RPGs! The Wii is
over, okay? The Wii is done. It's pretty much done. It's... You're just, like, trying to
get this last good game out before the Wii is done. It's done, okay? They're going on
to the Wii U. So just get over it. Better games are out there. Better games will be
coming out there. So they didn't bring a hardcore game to the Wii, even though they said, oh,
we're catering to everybody.
Just get over it. They don't care about you. They don't care what you want. Otherwise,
you know what Earthbound would be out? You know, Earthbound 3 or Mother 3 or whatever
the fuck that is. That would be out here in some form. They don't give a shit because
they know, in the end, that a few thousand people arguing on forums about this is just
a few thousand people and not a hundred thousand or multiple hundreds of thousands of people
that are going to buy this game.
Dark Tetsuya points out, you know, Mario did have a bee power-up in Mario Galaxy.
So you see, right there, Nintendo loves bees. And I think that...
All right. I'm going to end this conversation on a comment that's about as good as this
whole effort.
Wait, wait, wait.
What?
If you don't like bees because they fly around, you know, and that might be a little...
It might be hard to catch.
It may be hard to catch. Scorpions also work.
Stop it. All right. I'm going to end on this comment from our chat room.
You can get candy-covered scorpions. Those are safe.
Spazinator says, Nintendo would boil the bees to make a bee tea. I heard bee tea makes for
a good buzz.
Just going to let that joke settle for a minute.
Let's go to the classic game of the week.
Every week here on Orange Lounge, Rito Dark Sakura dives into the gaming vault and finds
the bee.
Whoa, whoa, hold on. Before we start, Break Man says, so Loki thinks trying to hurt the
developers is a better idea than trying to bribe them.
We're not saying it to the developers. We're saying it to Nintendo. They're not the developers.
We're not trying to hurt them.
The developers are far away, safe from the bees.
All right, sorry.
By the way, I believe Dark Sakura posted that gif on Tumblr for those that are listening
on the podcast.
I did.
I like having the Tumblr, so when funny shit comes up on the show, we can talk about it
on Tumblr.
Yes.
Oh, remove that thing that cross posts everything to Twitter, though.
I don't think I ever set that up.
It's doing it. See if you can find it. All right.
Classic game of the week.
Yay.
Dark Sakura goes in the classic gaming vault, finds the game. She thinks, hey, you kids
ought to be playing it this week.
Forget the last story. This is the only story you fucking need.
Dark Sakura, what is the classic game of the week this week?
Warcraft III, Reign of Chaos.
Addict.
No, not really, because I don't like real-time strategy games, but I'm trying to play it.
I'm trying to, so I thought I would bring it up.
This is, of course, the third in a row.
The first one was Warcraft Orcs and Humans, and the second one was Tides of Darkness,
and this one's Reign of Chaos.
Oops, sorry.
The music one that I put up there is actually from the expansion, The Frozen Throne.
Okay.
So, yeah, it did come out, and it actually was released on July 3rd, 2002, and it's the
second sequel to, as I said, Warcraft Orcs and Humans.
It had an expansion pack called The Frozen Throne that came out on July 1st, 2003.
So you have four playable races this time.
You have Orcs and Humans, and you also have Night Elves and Undead, and it's sort of laid
out like Starcraft.
You also have other races in the expansion.
You get the Draenei and the Naga, who are really elves, but they suck.
Anyway, you've got multiplayer, you can play on the internet, you can do, you can play
against the computer, you can even later on mod your levels and do customized level layouts
and map changes and everything.
It's pretty cool.
And the proper story lines, basically, is if you've done the Orc campaign on Warcraft
and the Human campaigns on Warcraft, actually both Warcraft II, so that would be Tides of
Darkness and Beyond the Dark Portal, then those lead into Warcraft III.
So it sold 4.5 million units, a little ship, I should say, and it sold over a million within
a month, and it is one of the game beer ones listed.
So basically, it's a, you know, like I said, real-time strategy.
You have this stuff called the Black Mask that covers places that you haven't explored,
but when you explore, it goes away, but if you move too far away, then you get the Fog
of War, which makes, um, you can't see what troops are doing and what building construction
is going on, though you can still see the terrain.
I call that saving space for, you know, rendering, but that's another story.
Um, so you have to get your different resources.
You need gold, lumber, and food, and you have to have those to make buildings, and the food
determines the number of units you can control at any given time, so basically the more troops
you can feed, the more you can have out in play.
You also have creeps, which are controlled by the computer, and they guard different
areas like gold mines and buildings, um, you can kill them for gold, experience, and special
items, and you have a day-night cycle that was also introduced for this game.
Um, at the night, the creeps fall asleep, so nighttime scouting at night is safer, but
you also have reduced line of sight, that type of thing, so it's got different things
going on.
And according now that it has 3D terrain, um, you've got other line of sight, uh, limitations
as well.
So with this one, you also get something called heroes.
So when you have an enemy unit killed, your hero will gain experience points and can level
up as far as 10, and they also get new spells, kind of gets like an RPG element to it, and
they can, uh, boost their units that way, and they'll get ULTIMATE SKILLS!
So basically, you've got your different campaign modes, you've got five campaigns, including
the prologue, that introduces the different, uh, race, um, races.
There's two orc campaigns, one human, one undead, and one night elf, and they have different
chapters which are kind of like your missions, and, uh, but you do not have briefings as
you did in the earlier games.
It just sort of comes out in a series of quests, and, uh, the story unfolds through cinematics
and cutscenes, and you get your different objectives as you progress through the game.
Kind of like how World of Warcraft is doing now.
You know, it seems to me it's exactly, you know, a good transition.
So anyway, um, it's, you have different patterns, like you have a building mission, and then
you have to maintain your base, and then fight the enemy.
The night elf ones are a little bit different, um, because they have just a limited base,
but then they have epic battles, ooh, and of course there's multiplayer, you know, so
you can go against your friends and other people on battle net.
You had different, uh, gateways, um, you had your Azeroth, which was east, um, the eastern
US.
Leuridron, which was the, um, the west United States, northward for Europe, and Kalimdor
for Asia.
So you could, uh, actually play anonymously with other people.
It's called matchmaking, ooh, so you could have different battles against random people.
And then, um, there were also, uh, scores and standings that were marked on the ladder.
So as far as the game goes, I'm not gonna tell too much of the story, um, I prefer to
paraphrase it as Arthas is a bitch.
Don't you think?
Yeah, about sums it up.
Arthas decides he's gonna get all big and bad, and, uh, burn a bunch of people to death,
and then get some sword and give his soul up for his sword, and then become, uh, the
Lich King's bitch.
And, uh, and then he does a whole bunch of awful shit, like, you know, killing his dad,
and killing a bunch of other people, and turning Sylvanas into, you know, a banshee, and all
kinds of other crap.
So yeah, it's, it's basically Arthas is a bitch, the game.
Um, but you also find a few, or a few people that went to MIA in earlier games, what happened
to them.
And, of course, for anyone who's playing World of Warcraft now, uh, you know, pretty much
all these characters that were in this game play into, um, you, you can find them in World
of Warcraft, or they've been dead and are affecting the game, but it's all built on
what went on in this game.
Um, it has great sound, you could actually, if you got the limited edition, it came with
the soundtrack.
Uh, there were different types of, uh, you know, music for the different, uh, races,
like the one that I just, we were just hearing was the night elf theme, which is pretty good
music.
Um...
It's at the end though, so I'm gonna switch to the undead music.
Okay.
So, uh, and like I said, you could also, um, there was a world editor that you could change
different events and change different things.
You could download each other's maps, and, uh, there were also third party developing,
uh, developers that had different tools that came out, like different spreadsheets and
customizing skins, all kinds of different cool stuff.
So, uh, basically the game, um, there was this, like, epic bundle that came with, uh,
the soundtrack and structure manual, the art of warcraft book and lithographic prints,
and, um, you could also get the battle chest, which had reign of chaos with the frozen throne
inbox, and the guides from brady games.
There's also an exclusive gift set that had a cinematic DVD, and a bunch of other crap.
And, uh, there was also, uh, for anyone who played warcraft the board game, it actually
was based heavily off of warcraft 3.
It got a 93.09% at game rank rankings dot com, and basically it's just considered one
of the greatest game, I'd say modern games of all time, so, there you go.
Alright, there it is folks, your classic game of the week, warcraft 3.
Arthas is a bitch.
Arthas is a bitch, and as salaciouspop says in chat, Arthas is a bitch, and Illidan needs
to stop listening to Linkin Park.
Yes!
There you go, alright that's gonna do it for part A here of Orange Lounge Radio, but don't
go anywhere guys, we've got plenty more to come of the show tonight, we're gonna move
into part B, talk a little bit about Google+, more Nintendo news, and of course mailbag,
FUs, tweets, and calls, all when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio, we are live of course on this Sunday evening,
August the 14th of 2011, with the 424th episode of our show, taping live at All Games Radio,
www.allgames.com, you missed a fun part A that was full of Bs, but we are gonna continue
on with part B of our show right now, and we're gonna start off with some rapid fire
news.
Loki.
This game is hard.
Anyways.
What game?
Oh you're still playing VVVVVV over there right?
Yes, I had to dodge the lies.
So this is interesting, Kojima of course during his podcast, they had done a Snatcher Universe
radio drama, which was I guess entitled Suda 51's Sedature, and it's now being offered
as a free download, and if you want something a little bit more physical, you can get a
CD that will be sold later on, I guess to pay the voice actors, and I guess the voice
drama also featured a lot of the people that did voices in Metal Gear, so that's kinda
cool.
And so yeah, check that out, and if you're looking for more information on that, I believe
you can just check out his actual podcast, it's www.KJP.Konami.JP, and I think it's the
Hideo blog on there.
Motorstorm Apocalypse is getting a brand new update, and they're adding mode support, which
I guess allows you to customize the vehicles, and some of the other options that are in
the game.
You can tweak everything including, that's awesome, you can disable brakes, you can disable
gravity.
Sweet, a racing game with no brakes.
It sounds kinda cool, so I'd have to check that out.
They also added PlayStation Move support for I guess if you wanted to do the ol' Wii steering
type thing on there, I don't know if I'd recommend that, but you know, the options there at least.
So that's out there now, so just connect to the internet and pop in the game.
And then Child of Eden unfortunately has been delayed a week, but I think it's kinda cool
because they're getting 3D support now, so you'll be able to check out the game September
27th.
It's PlayStation 3 though, right?
The PlayStation 3 version, yes, 360.
And of course it will feature Move controls as well, which to be honest I think that's
gonna be way better than what the Kinect was, so I would be kinda curious to check it out
on the PS3, but 3D man, I can only imagine that game, it's gonna be just amazing.
Yeah it's gonna be kind of a trip in 3D, so do I know anyone with a 3D TV and a PlayStation
3?
I can't think of anyone off the top of my head.
3D televisions haven't exactly cracked into the mainstream.
We have one in my work that's actually a Sony TV.
I've really contemplated getting one of those monitors though, I'm not gonna lie.
They're pretty decent, I mean it's about that big.
Yeah it's, you know, for gaming like in a little office or bedroom or something it would
be pretty good, good enough, so I gotta say I'm curious.
Alright, one of the games I might check out on the PlayStation 3 is the Metal Gear Solid
HD collection.
Hideo Kojima talked about on Twitter this week some of the differences between the region
releases, I'm not sure why, but the Japanese version of the game will not include Metal
Gear Solid Peace Walker.
It will have a download code however for the first Metal Gear Solid, I don't believe it's
uprezzed or anything like that though, it's just pretty much the original PlayStation
game.
Now the overseas version, which would include the one that's gonna come out in America,
it will not have the download for the first Metal Gear Solid, but it will have the HD
version of Peace Walker.
So I don't know why the difference is, but there you go.
Also of note, Metal Gear Solid 3 HD is going to be the subsistence version of the game.
It has the user control camera and all that stuff.
It also has emulated MSX versions of Metal Gear 1 and 2.
That's pretty awesome, because that was all, the subsistence versions of Metal Gear Solid
3 had that, so that's pretty rad.
I don't know if that means that we'll see them here in America, because those games
were never translated to English, because the MSX was never out in America, so I don't
know how that's all gonna work.
It's gonna be very interesting.
I really hope we can play those games in their original MSX format.
Keep in mind, oh by the way, there's a huge difference between Metal Gear 2 and Snake's
Revenge, by the way, if you didn't know that.
Snake's Revenge was completely done in America, and Kojima was not involved with that at all.
But there was an official Metal Gear 2, I'm not talking Solid, Metal Gear 2 on the MSX,
oh so many years ago.
We never saw it here.
There are fan translations.
Maybe, well I don't think they'd use a fan translation, but I would, man, I really hope
the MSX versions show up, but we'll see.
Anyhow, Metal Gear Solid 2 HD release would also be based on Subsistence, I guess he really
meant to say the substance version of the game, because there wasn't a Subsistence,
but whatever.
I don't know-
No, what's Subsistence?
Subsistence.
Was it?
Yeah.
Well, whatever.
Anyhow, those games will be in HD, and we'll have all the trophy support and all that good
stuff.
A game that you might have forgot about, but it's still coming, you know, eventually, Sonic
4, Episode 2.
Remember, because there was Sonic 4, Episode 1, and it kind of came out, and the whole
internet was all, no one cur.
A lot of people thought that Sonic 4 was pretty much dead, now that Sonic Generations is kind
of going, and so forth.
But nope, Sega West CEO Mike Hayes said that new info regarding the second chapter should
be out soon.
No more info, no date, just soon.
Just basically saying, hey, the game hasn't fallen off the radar, it will come out, you
know, eventually.
He did mention that Episode 1 did get a million downloads across all the platforms, so it
didn't do that bad.
A game that should have done a hell of a lot better than it did was Rock Band 3, and a
company is taking a second chance on the game.
Because, you know, I guess MTV Games isn't really around anymore, so you can't really
get new Rock Band 3.
Well, Mad Catz is going to be basically re-releasing Rock Band 3 this holiday, with their peripherals.
It's a really weird type of thing to see a company come in and pick up a game for a re-release
like that.
Yeah, but they did the official peripherals.
Yeah, but they're doing now the release of the game, which I think is kind of interesting.
By the way-
Well, they distributed the keyboard game bundles.
Oh, they did, that's right.
They did do the keyboard game bundles, so interesting.
They will be doing, though, the guitar controller version and the drum kit version.
They are, however, saying that so far the 360 is the only platform that the re-releases
are confirmed for.
They haven't said anything about the Wii or the PlayStation 3, so that part's kind of
interesting.
But you may see a resurgence of that game this holiday season, which is, you know, good.
If you never picked up Rock Band 3 and you like music games at all, you really should
check it out.
Going over to Dark Sakura.
Well, for fans of SingStar, there is a new version to be coming out, calling SingStar
Back to the 80s, and it'll be out sometime before Christmas.
Has 30 massive hits.
Now, I gotta ask, is it gonna have the song Back to the 80s?
Like by Aqua?
Yeah.
And I doubt it.
That wasn't an 80s song.
But it'd be cool, though.
It might be-
But it's gonna have Whitesnake and Devo.
It might be for sale on the SingStore.
It may be Meatloaf.
It better have Meatloaf.
What's for dinner?
Meatloaf, not again.
Also, for Rock Band, we have a new pack.
We have the Fall Out Boy Pack 1 with Dance Dance, Sugar We're Going Down, and Thanks
for the Memers.
Thanks for the Memers?
It's Memories, but they decided to spell it like, I don't know.
I know, but I like trying to say Memers.
Cool kids don't use letters, Dark Sakura.
Vowels.
LOL.
And then individually, we have Child in Time by Deep Purple.
And actually, for Sugar We're Going Down, there will be a Pro Guitar Bass expansion
available for 80 Microsoft points.
And moving forward, we have for North America on September 9th, the Flame Red 3DS will be
out.
It's flaming.
Yes, it is.
Actually, I like-
There was a DS in that exact same color, wasn't there?
I like the name in Japan, that was Flare Red.
I think that's kind of cool.
But anyway, it's a 3DS, and it's red and black.
The end.
All right.
By the way, guys, before we get back into some more long-form news, I do want to give
one more shout-out for the Indie Game Spotlight that we're going to be doing on the show.
Haven't had a whole lot of bites on that, so I don't know, I guess we must not have
a lot of developers listen to the show, but again, if you or a friend are developing an
independently produced game, either for iOS, PC, Xbox Live Arcade, or pretty much anything,
we'll take a look at it, and maybe invite you on the show to talk about it, and hopefully
get you noticed.
Because right now, one of the biggest bitches we're hearing about that is, it's really hard
to get noticed on Xbox Live Arcade, because A, Microsoft doesn't really highlight a lot
of the indie stuff, and B, a lot of it is crap.
There's a lot of crap out there, but there are a few good things.
And if you believe you have a diamond in the rough, we want to call it out here on this
program.
So, coming soon to the program.
And if we don't get a lot of developers to bite on that, we'll just kind of start spotlighting
stuff we like.
And that's where we'll go with it.
Because we're committed to helping indie games get more acknowledgement.
Because after all, we're an indie podcast, and we know it can be tough.
Also, I want to give a plug, speaking of indie podcasts, to another show that we do here
at OLR Network.
It is Hoard House, the best little Hoard House in Azeroth, www.hoardhouse.com.
If you like World of Warcraft, there's all sorts of fun stuff about WoW on that program.
This week, especially, was a really fun show.
We taped on an off day this week.
We had a guy from Britain on the show, and it was fun.
Rice Princess crashed the show about halfway through.
I guess, she's not Rice Princess anymore, I'm supposed to call her Irene.
She'll always be Rice Princess to me.
She crashed the show about halfway through, and we were talking about PVP for a little
while.
It was cool.
Good show.
Let's check it out.
Is she having withdrawals?
It doesn't sound like it, but it was still nice to have her perspective, even though
she's pretty comfortable in her decision to quit.
But I think, you know what's funny is that most people that were on the show this week
are on a bit of hiatus, but all of them were like, yeah, I'll come back eventually.
And even Pete Caruno, who is our guest over from overseas, is like, I'm on a trial account
right now, because it's free to play at a 20.
He's like, I'm doing the free to play thing right now, and I rolled a rogue over on the
US servers, just because I can.
So that was cool.
I've got a friend of mine playing now.
Oh, cool.
He's like, this is like fourth edition D&D, I like it.
You would say that.
So Hoardhouse.com, if you want to check that out.
Yes, we're still working on a third podcast.
Things just got slowed down because IRL trips and things, but more information on that soon.
I was also a guest on Girls Gone Wow.
Oh, yes.
Please plug that, because I'm supposed to be on that show next week.
Yes.
And they said that Extrofer is welcome to participate.
Yes, I've got to remember to talk to him about that.
The taping time.
Yes.
Because he'll probably be down.
GirlsGoneWow.net is their site?
I believe so.
It's not.com, because I think you get something else if you go there.
It's.net.
But they are lovely people, and they thank you for the biscuits.
Awesome.
Yes, it's.net.
GirlsGoneWow.net.
So check them out.
I was on episode 25, and Rob will be on episode 26.
Hooray.
All right.
Lots of Warcraft stuff.
We also had a little bit of Doctor Who discussion.
We do more than Warcraft, I promise.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
Fun.
It came up a little bit.
Fun.
All right.
The new show has nothing to do with Warcraft.
In fact, it's very much not about Warcraft.
I'll say that much.
If Dan's involved, it's not about Warcraft.
Exactly.
All right.
Let's get back into some more long-form news, and Loki's going to start us off.
Yes, I am.
I want to take a break here from this game.
You and that VVVVVVV.
Hey, I'm getting pretty far.
So Google Plus has started doing some games, and this is not a big surprise.
We kind of knew this was going to happen.
And of course, their rollout is a little bit like what we thought.
They're going to have a separate game section, so you can play your games, and all the updates
for those games are on one section, and they don't clutter up your feed or whatever.
So of course, they're going to start off with Angry Birds, Dragon Age Legends, Sodoku, stuff
of that sort.
And you can check it out.
They're going to be starting to roll out some more stuff.
Yes, in the great Google tradition, not everybody had it right away.
I got mine the day after this was announced, though.
So I played Bejeweled Blitz on Google Games.
I guess I forgot to say it at the top of the show, but I played Bejeweled Blitz on Google
Games.
So I have to say, I love that the game stuff is just on a separate frickin' page.
And it sounds like that they're trying to be a little bit more of a destination for
these developers, because they're offering, the commissions that they're taking from these
games are a lot less than, say, Facebook.
For example, VentureV is reporting that Google is only taking a 5% commission on its games,
whereas Facebook takes 30.
So that might be a little bit more beneficial for some of these developers out there.
You know what, though?
I honestly think it's going to get harder to be noticed on Google Games because they
don't clutter your feet.
I honestly think part of the reason why Farmville was so successful was that it did spam the
shit out of everybody.
And people who didn't know better, i.e. soccer moms, started playing it because they saw,
oh, Ethel's playing this game.
I should play it too.
So I think that's a lot of how those games became so successful.
So it's going to be interesting to see if the Google Games model is successful, because
honestly, how is going to a different page to see your game content any better than like,
I don't know, MSN Zone is a website, Microsoft's site, where you can play games, but I bet
a lot of people don't really play there.
Going to a different page is that, you know, how different is that going to a different
website to play your games?
Exactly.
I know, I know.
But I will say this to Google's credit, it's clean.
Like I feel like when I go to Zone, MSN is very cluttered.
There's ads everywhere, blah, blah, blah.
You know, it's a cluttered website full of clutter.
But Google Games, I thought, is pretty slick.
Like, you know, one of the things people either love or they hate about Google Plus is that
it's very plain.
There's not a lot of flair to it right now.
It's a very plain looking site.
They don't really have ads at all right now.
I don't know how long that's going to last.
So it's a very clean site, and the games site kind of carries that on.
So I did notice that Bejeweled Blitz was kind of skinned for Google Games.
I mean, it looks like it was very specific towards that.
So I didn't play anything else.
That's the only one I played.
But I'm down with it.
I'm going to check out more Google Games if they get some more stuff I want to play.
Like I don't know, Civ World could come out.
That'd be great.
I'd be into that.
We'll see.
Anyhow, going to our chatroom at chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
Boykman is talking about Dragon Age and all that.
It should be illegal to use games like Dragon Age in the same sentence as Angry Birds.
Believe it or not, Dragon Age Legends is one of the launch games.
I've never played that.
Is that like Knights of the Clicky?
I don't know.
I don't think it's like that.
I think it's more of like a simplified version, kind of like a Diablo-esque type of thing.
That might actually be kind of fun.
I'll have to check that out.
Let's see.
It says Bejeweled Blitz is good, but it only gives you one minute to play.
That's kind of the point.
I like the little bite-sized version of Bejeweled there.
I kind of like it.
So there you go, chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
Moving on to other stuff.
This is another Nintendo story.
This is very interesting.
Very interesting patent that they filed in this past.
Actually they filed it back in 2010.
It was discovered within this past week.
GameSpot actually found the filing this week, and Nintendo filed the patent for a massively
single-player online game.
You've heard massively multiplayer online game all the time, I'm sure.
But no, they want to do an MSO, a massively single-player online game.
GameSpot found the filing.
The MSO, I guess, would be an environment where your actions and choices affect the
world that they and everyone else live in.
So, for example, an economic system, or maybe a case where a player finds building materials
and they make a house, then all the other players are going to see the house, just not
the owner.
And I'm imagining they're not going to see the material either.
I guess there's an idea, too, where players would gossip to an AI non-player character
who spreads it to other characters in the world.
And of course, that instantly made my brain go, oh, it's Animal Crossing.
Which I'm sure a lot of people are thinking at this point.
Well, and not to say this is the first game that's been kind of single-player, but yet
had sort of the multiplayer title like Demon's Souls.
Well, it's funny.
Bobby was talking about this on his show right before that.
He's like, I don't see why Nintendo, I guess I should properly plug his show.
He's always before us here at All Games Radio, but he's on at 5 Pacific.
Bobby Blackwolf at bobbyblackwolf.com was talking about this subject tonight a little
more in depth on his show.
And he said, I can think of two right off the top of my head that already do this.
And he said Demon's Souls.
And the other one was, I fucking forgot, it was a PC game.
It's going to come to me as soon as somebody yells it out in chat.
I can't remember what the other one was, but there's another game.
Random game on the PC.
That was exactly like it.
I think he was saying, he was trying to say Diablo 3 was kind of part of this too, where
Diablo 3 has a single-player mode, but yet it's going to have this auction house that's
more massive.
So it's interesting that Nintendo would be getting a patent on this when it's kind of
already been done, and can they really do that, IDK.
Well, especially if the patent was in 2010, Demon's Souls came out in 2010.
No, 09.
09.
Yeah, it was two years ago, I saw that game the first time it was 09.
That might be tough.
Yeah, it might be tough.
Apparently, if players friend one another, they will be able to see and interact with
each other.
Fable.
Well, actually the heck co-op.
It was Spore.
Spore.
Spore was the other game that he mentioned.
Because I remember going, oh yeah, I played that for like a week.
But yes, Spore was very much, remember you would make your little monster, and then it
kind of went off into the Spore universe, and the universe was made up of other creatures
that other people had made, but you never played the game with these people.
It's just that the players made the environment.
And that game was out in 08, I think.
To a lesser extent, you could even say that the Wii with people's Miis, because you share
the Miis and they pop up in games sometimes.
Anyhow, let's see, what else do I want to say about this patent?
More, the filing talks about how the game has to be suitable for play on something called
the Wii 3D.
This was filed, of course, in 2010, so maybe at one point the Wii U was going to be the
Wii 3D, or the 3DS was the Wii 3D at one point.
Who knows, but don't read too far into that.
I'm sure this does not mean Wii 3D confirmed.
I'm sure that Nintendo explores a lot of options about what they're going to do, and files
patents to cover their butt.
It's just interesting that Nintendo would go for something like this when, yeah, I think
we have examples of other games that already kind of have done this, so it would be a little
bit crappy if Nintendo gets it.
I mean, only if Nintendo decides to go after these other developers, but then again, if
I were the company that made Demon Souls from software, I would be all like, F you Nintendo,
we have this game that was out a long time ago.
Just because they do that, though, can they still patent it?
Like, if I come up with something but I don't patent it, then they do?
The whole patent system in this country is fucked up anyway, and again, I'm going to
defer to Bobby's show because he puts it better than I do, but just talking about how it's
ridiculous that you can patent all these software concepts, and if you want to see the headache
it's causing, just look at all this bullshit with Load Sys.
Load Sys is specifically a patent troll company.
There is no office, there's nothing to Load Sys besides some troll, literally a troll,
sitting under the bridge begging for money, or demanding money in this case, with their
stock of patents, and that's kind of screwed up.
Something needs to be done.
Doing hardware, that's a little different, I get that, but a lot of this software patent,
and the other example I know that Bobby always brings up, again, just to totally buy to show,
is the one click thing from Amazon.
It's ridiculous that Amazon has a patent on one click.
The whole one click to buy, one click to purchase, nobody else can do that.
Amazon has the patent on it.
That's ridiculous.
In my opinion, you're patenting something that's kind of like a key functionality of
the internet, a link.
I'm patenting the Q key.
I patent device to create Q by pressing button.
Anyhow, it's interesting to see what comes out, of course it's just a patent, it doesn't
mean new Animal Crossing confirmed, I mean, those Animal Crossing games do that.
New Animal Crossing confirmed, really?
They do sell things well, right?
Another system, another Animal Crossing.
I think you're going to see another Animal Crossing regardless.
It could be something, I mean, we are assuming it's Animal Crossing, but to not assume it's
Animal Crossing would be to then assume that Nintendo is doing something different.
I'm going to take the safer bet and say it's Animal Crossing.
I don't know about you guys.
Nintendo, different.
They just put different in the same packaging.
Blakeman in our chat room says, you can be a professional troll.
Why was I not informed and where do I get an application?
I'm sorry, but trolls more qualified than you have already applied.
Those doing the interviews were thoroughly insulted, therefore they were hired.
All right, anyhow, let's move on with some more news.
Actually, no, the mailbag, mailbag is up now.
Let's get to it.
Every week here on Orange Lounge Radio, Dark Soccer likes to open up the mail, dive in
head first and pull out some emails to read for you.
I like to.
You have to.
Because the music's playing, so therefore you must.
Blake at OrangeLoungeRadio.com if you want to email us sometime.
Let's get to it.
I'm also going to again say that if you send multiple emails, I'm only going to read one
of them.
So do not take offense.
That being said, if you send one email that's like 500 pages, she might trim it down too.
Or just not read it or just put it on the form or something.
Hi, O.L.R.
You've been talking about Capcom a lot lately and it reminded me of something.
Back in 08 when I visited Japan, I made it a point to hunt down the Capcom building.
Though I couldn't read the website, I used Google to loosely translate the addresses
on it until I found a likely one and had a cab take me to the building.
The guard there was pretty surprised.
My husband and I were looking around for maybe a store or something, but it was just a building
with a big old Capcom logo on the side.
The guard asked us if we need help and we told him we were tourists and wanted to see
the Capcom building and if it had a gift shop or anything.
Well, this guard goes inside and brings back the public relations manager for Capcom Japan.
We thought it was so cool, she kept apologizing that we'd gone out of our way to see the building
and there wasn't a store or anything.
We told her it was still great and we love Okami.
She gave us folders about investing in Capcom and her business card, so I thought I'd send
it along to you here.
Just something cool you might like.
I'm not sure if she still works there now.
Here's a link to the pic on my DeviantArt page.
Sorry about the watermark.
Sometimes that gets fixed.
I swear DeviantArt randomly turns it on sometimes.
That's from Holly D.
Oh my God, I love it.
Here's a pamphlet on investing in Capcom.
Hey again.
There's the picture of the building.
I want to come look at this over here over your shoulder.
I guess we can't Tumblr these because these are private pictures.
It's on DeviantArt.
Alright.
Well, I don't know if we want to give away her DeviantArt.
We'll leave it to Holly to go post them on the forums if she wants to share, but yeah,
okay.
Okay, that's kind of what you expect out of a video game building.
They're not all that glamorous.
It's pretty cool.
The Zynga building in San Francisco, which used to be Sega is the, uh, just a brick building.
Here is the, uh, oh, it's actually downloading the, no, it's opening it.
That's what her car is, Chiho Tamoto.
That's cute.
What's on the other page?
Was there a, is there a second page there?
There's another, there's an image.
Ooh.
That's her signature.
Yeah.
So kind of cool.
Yeah.
Let me see if there's anything else though included in this.
Nope.
Just the, I love that whole, here's some information.
If you want to invest in the company, which, you know, again, if you want to really get
your point across, you should invest in a company.
You should invest in Capcom.
I thought that was actually pretty nice.
Yeah.
That's pretty cool.
Um, I think we should go to the Zynga building in San Francisco and say, we're really big
Farmville fans.
Go outside and overalls, I bought a hoe.
We bought her on the corner outside your building.
You call me Earl?
Dear personages, ooh, after returning from my Vegas trip, during which I had a truly
fun time, I gave myself an extra day to run errands and unwind just a little bit more.
One of the things I did was I called up my local Walmart, called up the Walmart that
is also on the same road, but slightly farther away from me and found myself $170 3DS.
I also got a game because the gaming system without a game is just an expensive paperweight,
much like my Sega game gear is now.
I've got guardian heroes on game gear and you probably don't.
Anyway, I'm not emailing you to gloat or be a braggart about my purchase.
I'm being a braggart.
But I just wanted to ask a question of you.
Are any of your three, are any of you three aware of any pornographic websites that can
be viewed on the Nintendo 3DS?
I mean the thing connects to the internet and what is the internet good for other than
whacking off and complaining about, among other things, not being able to whack off.
Stay black, writertainment.
This message is brought to you by Heaven, otherwise known as the Coca Cola store in
Las Vegas.
Well, writertainment, you can visit any porn website on your 3DS because your 3DS has an
internet browser in it.
I think you really want to be asking, are there 3D porno websites out there?
Let's look.
None that I know of yet, but Dark Sakura, let me Google that for you.
Dark Sakura is going to search right now for...
Nintendo 3DS boobs.
Why don't you just Google 3D porn?
3D website porn.
3DS porn.
There is actually a pack you can get that someone made that's a bunch of 3D pictures
that you can upload to your device.
They're not pornographic though, they're just like...
Like sexy swimsuits and things like that?
Like lingerie.
It's like some, it's some uh, like uh, idol.
Well then I'll leave it to the chat room to try and uh, fill us in on some 3D porno.
But hey, you know what though, I mean, there's people out there, they have 3D cameras.
I'm sure people have taken 3D pornographic...
You know that, look, here's, look, let me just break it down.
I'm just gonna break it down.
Every 3DS has a 3D camera in it.
Pictures of boobs and penises were taken within seconds of the 3DS launch.
So those pictures are out there somewhere.
It's just a matter of having a place to share those pictures.
We should just start a website called my3dsboobs.com and all it would be is pictures of your boobs
in 3D for women who'd want to share.
Do we know women that might share pictures of their boobies with us?
Um, dark, dark soccer, I'm not even going to ask because I know you'd be like, no, they're
my boobies.
If they will, then send them to me.
I will enjoy them with my husband.
All right.
Next email from Chiggers.
Has anyone tried the demo for the indie game No Luca No on Xbox?
The whole demo is you swatting Luca the cat away from your cereal.
I don't know if the whole game is like that, but I giggled like a school girl, TEEHEE.
Give dark Sakura tacos cause she deserves it.
P.S.
I haven't seen you guys on Drendin in a while.
We're art thou.
I miss you.
I'm only able to check in like once a week cause I'm really busy with raiding now.
All of a sudden we are actually doing that, but I will check in on the Drendin Guild very
soon.
I do at least once a week.
I have an idea.
What?
Tuesday, let's have a Drendinathon.
We'll see.
I got to check the personal calendar, but maybe, maybe Drendinathon, Drendinathon.
Uh, otherwise, uh, as far as the whole Luca, the cat or whatever that game was called.
No, I've never played that game, but I'm going to, as soon as I, Oh, I fucking can't.
I will in 21 days when the investigation is complete.
Thanks Microsoft.
I'm actually looking up No Luca No and there's a video on here.
This is worst X-Box live game ever on YouTube.
Okay.
I'm going to have to just send you the link to this Rob so that you can pull it up.
By the way, Black Wolf is on it right now.
He makes websites, so I'm assuming that Black Wolf is currently in the process of making
3DS boobs right now.
So we'll, we'll just wait on that.
Oh, you're going to send me the link here?
I sent you a video.
Is there someone talking over it, but I don't want to hear some asshole talking over the
thing, just look it up on, on whatever.
I'll read the next email.
Hi Rob, Jamie and Loki.
I just wanted to say, keep up the amazing work and dedication to your fans.
And by the way, Jamie, I wanted to inform you about a website, please use the website
is abandonedonia.com, A-B-A-N-D-O-N-I-A.com.
The website hosts abandonware and such, although I would verify its legality because I honestly
didn't pay much attention to it lol.
I was looking for a copy of SimTower for my PC and found it on this floating site, so.
Also I know it's technically ultra lame to plug a podcast that is unrelated to said current
podcast on said podcast lol, but I would appreciate it if you would plug my podcast, Beeeeeeeeeeeeeep.
Sorry.
Square Tech Podcast.
The first episode hasn't been posted yet.
Beeeeeeeeeep.
But you can view the site associated with my show at Beeeeeeeeeep, where we talk about
Beeeeeeeeeep.
Beeeeeeeeeep.
Thank you, you guys rock my socks.
Okay, it's squarepowered.com.
You're so kind.
Beeeeeeeeeep.
Last email, revised.
Some tips on reducing the pain and cost of an account hack.
Oh, this is from Alan.
I'm going to read the whole thing.
OLR.
So, after what happened to Rob this weekend, I thought it might be nice to try and put
together a PSA on account fraud since I had to deal with so much of it at the porn place.
Keep in mind...
Sorry, I'm watching a video of NoLukaNo, it's adorable.
I can't play it because it's got douchebags talking over it.
Oh my god, that looks great.
All you do, all it is, you just push the stick to shoo the cat away.
That's all it is.
That's not your cereal, it's my cereal.
That's so dopey, I love it.
Alright, serious topics.
Xbox Live Hacking, yes.
Keep in mind that having an account compromised and seeing false charges on a bank account
will always be as stressful, infuriating, and scary.
There is no painless way to deal with this, but there are things that you can do to protect
yourself, so the nightmare is significantly less maddening.
1.
If you're comfortable confirming that the fraud is isolated to one account because the
card used was on file and not actually revealed to anyone, try to have the firm handle it
first.
Some places refuse to do repeat business with the customer who has filed a charge back against
them without contacting them, which might matter if you want to keep a relationship
with them.
Many will panic and immediately have their bank kill and reissue everything, potentially
overkill and an added nightmare of work if it is not truly needed.
2.
Change your password on any site you can think of that might be billing you via automation,
Netflix, your cell phone company, whatever.
Many people only slightly tweet passwords from site to site to keep them unique, so
doing this is great for your peace of mind.
Also consider changing the email accounts for your login to those memberships to something
new, and also change the screen name if you can do so seamlessly.
3.
Sadly, not everyone can do this one.
Keep recurring digital services all on the same credit card, and most importantly, a
card that has its balance against credit, not a debit card that has its balance against
cash.
If you decide that a firm sucks ass and you're over it, it's much easier for a bank to
issue charge backs against stolen credit versus real electronically transferred cash.
Some banks have little to no buyer protection when it comes to online fraud made against
money.
Also, be prepared to wait.
You can always escalate to a manager, but generally telling people you need this money
within 24 hours to pay rent, or even if it is true, will not accomplish much other than
making the rep feel like crap.
That Rob has to wait 21 days after doing all of his due diligence to get a refund is not
uncommon.
I can vouch for that too.
4.
Still nervous?
Check with the firm that's issuing the refund to make sure it won't mess with the deposit
if you got a new card number, and then have your bank issue a new card anyway.
All they need to know is that you had something compromised, but it's been taken care of,
and that you want a new card.
Be wary of eating FedEx costs if it is also your debit slash ATM and you need it overnight.
P.S.
I want to thank my Jamie's Pinkberry for reading all of this.
It was originally much longer.
Frowny face.
Hey.
Toodles.
Salacious pop.
Don't give away my money.
No, those are all some good tips, and I know he kind of used to work in a, um, sales type
of environment and probably had to deal right with all that stuff on the front line.
Um, so since I worked for a mortgage company too, I can tell you that it is incredibly
easy for anyone who has a little bit of your personal information to call in and impersonate
you.
So I'm going to tell you what I used to do.
Every so often, um, involved in mortgage situations when we would have people call in for payoffs
on their, on their mortgage, um, you see as their prepayment penalty, something like that,
we would have their, um, the new loan officers call in and impersonate the customers because
they had all of their personal information right there.
And if I at any point ever suspected it, then I would put them on hold, call the customer
and say, I think someone's impersonating you.
I'm going to three way you.
Usually screwed, you know, a person out of a mortgage, but, um, we would have spouses
call, we'd have exes call in and because they had, they were privy to all that information.
So you, if you also, another thing that will help is it with any of your, um, facilities
that you can work with on a phone, if they have a password set up verbally, set it up.
I don't want to, I really don't like to talk about my day job on the show cause I try to
keep my work life and my nightlife separate.
But I will say that, um, for many years I worked in a health insurance call center environment
and I will tell you there's many strict laws about what type of information can be given.
Cause you know, you're talking about people's health information.
There's there's strict federal laws about what can and can't be said, uh, in a conversation.
And honestly, part of me is kind of like, I think we need strict laws like that for
everything no matter what the industry is.
Well, a lot of companies take good care, but clearly my information is at risk in some
places.
I was such a snot as a customer service rep.
Well, keep in mind, I also took escalated calls cause I got promoted to a training rep
and uh, I would actually start quoting the federal privacy act.
I had, I had it saved as a pdf with parts highlighted and say, well, you can tell me
that.
I'm like, actually according to the federal privacy act, you know, and would read them
line for line like, I want to talk to your manager.
Well, my manager can't break the law either.
Just hang up.
All right.
Anyhow, all good tips, all good tips, things I probably should have listened to before
this happened.
I also want to say that the federal privacy act came out in 1979, so look it up.
That's before most of our listeners were born, believe it or not.
All right.
By the way, Bobby kind of Bobby found us a video of no Luca, no, that doesn't have somebody
talking about 1974 no Luca, no.
Every time it's no.
And I guess you get points every time you shoot him away.
No.
Now does the game get like harder as you go through?
Let me see.
Fine.
Just eat my breakfast.
Fine.
Just eat my breakfast.
For the record, by the way, the federal privacy act of 1974, no, no one told me.
I just looked up.
All right.
I want to know if this big flashing elephant is it's an elephant with tear.
All right.
Speaking of making people cry.
Once in a while, we like to rant on this program.
F.U. to the unemployment office here in California for switching people over to debit cards.
And the only reason I'm saying F.U. about this is actually my F.U. is really the Bank
of America because California unemployment decided to go through Bank of America to issue
debit cards.
And that's fine.
I have no problem with a debit card.
And so far it was actually fairly easy to set it up to do a direct deposit when my money
comes in into my checking account.
So that's fine.
I just have to do my, fill out my stupid form.
But I set it up for my first deposit to do that and it's like, no, we're going to set
it up for every deposit afterwards.
It doesn't work on your first one.
So that means I have to go to the bank and have them do a manual transfer.
So Bank of America can suck my non-existent card.
Loki, do you have any F.U.s of the week?
Umm.
I don't know if you get a KFC for only having seven out of the ten hot wings I wanted.
Did you get shorted?
Three hot wings?
Well, they said that, well, we only have seven.
We'll give you chicken tenders instead.
I'm like, eh, fine.
Not funny.
I don't know.
Alright, umm.
These are serious, first world problems, Loki.
Serious first world problems.
Man, they substituted three of my hot wings for chicken tenders.
My F.U. of the week goes to the fucker that stole 125 bucks from me.
Fuck you, you fucking fuck.
I feel a little better.
Yeah!
Burn his house down.
No, don't burn my house down.
No, I meant the fucker.
It's probably, it's probably, it's got to be some mass operation overseas somewhere
that's doing it.
I bet anything it's some other country where they've got a shop of people that are hacking
all these Xbox Live accounts somehow that probably, the information was probably breached
and Microsoft just doesn't know it yet.
You know, probably got stolen the same time as Sony's, but whatever, I don't want to make
stuff up.
But all I know is that I have money stolen and I'm pissed.
But at least the lady that worked at Xbox.com was nice and she was nice enough to tell me
that hey, she's had money stolen from her too.
So gee, that makes me feel better.
At least she was honest about it.
I know at least she's honest about it and clearly it's not the first time she's gotten
a call on it, but I'm a little concerned that they're so blas about it.
You know, like, oh yeah, yeah, it's happened to all of us.
Like, oh, just like the fucking red rings of death fucking happened to all of us.
Just like the fucking money gets stolen out of our bank account by hackers overseas.
Oh, okay.
I'll just kind of roll over and let you fuck me while you're, you know, it's, this is ridiculous.
Microsoft keeps doing this and yet we all get mad at Sony.
Rob.
What?
It's just irritating heart.
I'm not mad at you.
I'm just mad at partially mad at myself for letting it happen.
I'm just kind of mad at Microsoft.
This is ridiculous.
Rawr.
Rawr.
What?
Poor Rob.
Can we move on to more news?
Loki.
All right.
Um, so this is kind of cool.
We're apparently going to be doing some new, I'm assuming it's just a port of Counter-Strike,
but Valve is putting out Counter-Strike Global Offensive.
It's coming to Xbox Live Arcade, PlayStation Network, and Steam early next year.
And of course it's going to have new maps, characters, and weapons.
And some renovated classic maps as well.
And new modes, matchmaking options, leaderboards, all the usual stuff that they have in shooters
nowadays.
And um, yeah, I mean that's kind of cool that they're actually putting out a new game.
I mean everyone loves Valve games and I'm sure this one will be supported just as well
as all the other stuff that they put out.
And maybe they'll have hats someday.
Yay hats.
Hats.
Yeah.
Um, some other cool stuff, of course, they're going to have a new decoy grenade, which is
kind of cool.
And some other new animations and models and whatnot.
There's going to be a new heavy machine gun, a new range of shotguns, specifically for
close-up combat, Molotov cocktail grenades, and I guess some stuff for cutting off certain
areas of the map, and then basically a decoy grenade, which it'll do is it'll send out
a burst of gunfire from wherever it's thrown, so if you want to make someone think that
you're in one place that you're not, then you can do that.
And then, I guess they also have some other stuff that they're tweaking, gunfire for different
weapons and stuff like that.
Also they're going to have, I guess, different things where they're going to give everybody
Kevlar the round start or making people have to defuse bombs and stuff like that.
So it sounds like if you're trying to tweak up the gameplay and stuff like that, I don't
know, it sounds good to me.
Are you excited for a new Counter-Strike game?
You know I owned the old one on Xbox, even though I am terrible at it.
I think I maybe played online once, and I was so terrible I got screamed at and I just
cried.
You know, I've never really played the original, but I know it's definitely popular, so I mean,
I don't know, this should do well.
It's one of the first major military first-person shooter games that they had out there, so.
I think it'll do well.
So can I read a text message I just got from Xtopher?
Do it!
My co-host over on Hoard House.
No, this is hilarious, here you go.
Hey, I just thought you should know that, insert person's name redacted here, Xbox account
and money got hacked a few weeks ago, just in case you're talking about it on the show
tonight.
That's person number five I know that's been hacked.
I thought that was six.
Whatever, it's a fucking lot of people that this is happening to.
Nothing's going on at Microsoft, but Sony needs to provide free debics.
I'm gonna have Dan check ours now.
Seriously, I'm telling you guys, change your fucking passwords, like do it.
Alright, anyhow, moving on.
Other news, this is about Kingdom Hearts.
No it's not news about Kingdom Hearts 3, sorry, but there is of course Kingdom Hearts 3D or
Dream Drop Distance, get it?
That is coming out I guess soon, you're gonna be getting a hands-on if you're going to the
Tokyo Game Show in the fall, however what's also interesting in the Kingdom Hearts universe
is in the latest issue of the Japanese magazine Dengeki PlayStation, Tetsuya Nomura actually
said that it's becoming difficult to get new players into the series with each new iteration.
Well, the plot's kind of complicated, I'm not too surprised at that, but what's also
interesting about it, as a celebration of the franchise's 10th anniversary, he hopes
to release an HD technical test of the series.
What?
Does that mean like a tech demo, like Final Fantasy 7?
Does it mean remakes of the first game because you're talking about trying to get people
into it?
That would be awesome.
Who knows, but perhaps there's more information at Tokyo Game Show next month.
Don't tease me like that, that's terrible that they're teasing us so terribly with that.
We'll see what happens.
I don't know, Dark Soccer, do you think that Kingdom Hearts is a tough series for people
to get into?
I don't think so.
Yeah, I don't think it's like, I mean, it is a weird plot, but it did always kind of
fascinate me, Kingdom Hearts was sort of for kids, but not really, probably older kids
definitely.
Like a young kid would never understand that plot, I'm sorry.
Why is Mickey wearing black and he has a sword?
Really convoluted.
But I think that's why people really love Kingdom Hearts, is that it is a little bit
the darker side of Disney, which, you know, Epic Mickey sort of tried to do, but eh, so.
And Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, you made a grammatical error.
I'm sorry, what do I do now?
Use an apostrophe for it.
Oh my gosh.
It's a radio show, nobody sees that.
I do.
Well, how about, well, how about I just use that to go ahead and get into my news then?
Sure.
Okay.
Australia is getting an R18 plus rating, finally.
Get with it, Australia.
They actually have it added to their new rating system so that they can have mature games.
It's about time.
I'm just banning them outright, you know?
So maybe Mortal Kombat will finally come out in Australia legitimately.
Maybe.
And some of the other games that have been banned there recently.
But I mean, if you look at it from a financial point of view, putting the ratings out there
and allowing these games to come out instead of banning them is revenue.
That's going to be awesome.
There's going to be an explosion of violent and graphic games in Australia really soon.
Yeah.
And kangaroos will run all over you and punch you in the face.
They'll have a bunch of underrated editions come out.
You know, it wasn't in the show world, but did you hear about the fuckery?
I mean, I'm sure you heard about the fuckery that was going on in Britain this week with
all the rioting and all that stuff.
So awful.
It's terrible.
But the real fuckery I'm talking about is how people wanted to blame all that on Grand
Theft Auto.
Because, of course, you know, you got to blame it on something.
You can't just blame it on fuckers being fuckers.
Yeah.
But it's really sad.
When I first saw that on the TV, I was like, I hope they don't burn down Disneyland because
I didn't realize it was Britain.
I just instantly assumed it was L.A. And then when you hear it, you know, you hear him talking
and you're like, what?
Well, on top of that, there's trashy people everywhere, but I just, you know, you didn't
think it would happen there in jolly old England.
Did you did you see the thing I put on my Tumblr about the old man's barbershop?
No.
There was an elderly gentleman whose shop got ransacked and he had owned it with his
wife and his wife passed away and they like completely tore up his barbershop.
He'd had it for something like, I want to say, 40 years.
How sad.
And that he'd have to go out of business.
But there's actually an online group going around raising money to to rebuild a store.
If I can find it, I'll link it in the chat room.
But I thought that was a nice touch.
R.D.G.
Singe in the chat is thrown back to something last week, but wants to ask Dark Soccer a
question and I guess now's a good time.
Any updates on the tester?
Remember last week?
Yeah.
I've been upgraded to contestant.
Really?
Yeah.
That means I have to do stupid video.
But now I kind of I mean, there's part of me that doesn't want to because I don't want
to be away from Dan.
Oh, because when he was gone for five days and it made me sad, it's only going to be
a few days.
And I don't think I don't think it's like Survivor where you can't like call people.
I think they I think they'd let you talk to your family and stuff.
Well, I'm sure they do.
But I mean, I don't like L.A. either.
I just I just feel like we're done taping by.
I'm going to Disneyland.
I just hang out with Marissa all the time.
You'd be with other nerds.
I mean, of course, they're purposely going to cast people.
They're going to drive you bonkers.
But you know, if you don't kill them, you might get a job and a couple thousand dollars.
Maybe so.
But yeah, I got my account upgrade a few days ago.
Woo hoo.
I guess.
So now you're in.
You are an official contestant of tester season three.
Yes.
Bothers me.
I don't know why I'm so bothered by this.
All right.
Anyhow, Loki, we got a couple more news stories for you guys that we're going to open up the
Skype line.
Folks, I need to put this out here.
The eight hundred number is not working tonight.
So you can only Skype us tonight at Orange Lounge Radio.
The problem is temporary.
It'll hopefully be fixed by next week.
But just a heads up, you can only Skype us tonight at Orange Lounge Radio.
So the eight seven seven number again, not working tonight.
Please don't use it.
Orange Lounge Radio on Skype.
But first, a couple more stories for you guys.
Now normally you don't hear of some wild successes on Xbox Live Indie games, but there is one.
And this should come no surprise, seeing as it's kind of a clone of another game.
Fortress Craft, the kind of Minecraft knockoff, has sold three hundred and fifty thousand
copies and brought in over a million dollars.
And they said, of course, no, it's not really like Minecraft.
It's more of like Dwarf Fortress.
But it's Minecraft.
OK.
I mean, it looks like goddamn Minecraft.
So it is the probably the best selling, I would imagine the best selling game on Xbox
Live Indie games is making a million dollars.
Yeah, that's pretty good.
So apparently there is an eighty four percent trial to purchase conversion rate, which pretty
impressive, if you ask me.
Four hundred thousand eight hundred twenty three copies sold.
And they have like a bunch of different statistics.
It's funny in there.
Ninety six million one hundred ninety seven thousand five hundred twenty Microsoft points
spent on the game.
Most of the purchases being in the US, followed by Great Britain and Canada.
And yeah, so I guess that's a good news for Minecraft when it comes out of here.
Looks like people want it.
All right, good money.
Good thing.
All right.
Anyhow, the one more story for you guys, then we're going to open up the Skype line at Orange
Lounge Radio on Skype, and this has to do with the game Rage that's going to be coming
out fairly soon.
Of course, this is a new FPS franchise that's coming out.
But Tim Wiltis, who is the ID software creative director, of course, ID software is putting
out this game.
He says that the access to the game's underground will be restricted to those who get their
copy new at retail, excuse me, new at retail.
He's saying you've played Rage five times.
Have you ever found any sewer hatches?
If you bought the game new, that would be open for you.
So he says you still have to download it, but you don't have to pay for it.
Those hatches are all over.
Most people never find them, but as soon as you do, you're like, oh, and then you start
to look for it.
That's our first time buyer incentive.
So instead of doing an online pass or whatever a lot of companies are doing, I guess there's
these new little zone, for lack of a better word, that you can explore, but only if you
are a new game owner.
Otherwise, you may never notice it's there, I guess, because it's all in the sewer.
And from what I understand, none of the main storyline happens in the sewer.
I guess this is all like side quests.
So it's basically additional content that's only available when you buy it new.
No, no, it's not additional content, because if it's already on the disk and you're just
unlocking access to it, then it's not additional.
Now if it's some download content, then that's a little different.
But I have a feeling this is crap that's already on the disk.
They're just allowing you access to it, which is kind of lame.
So all right, well, we're going to go ahead and open up the Skype line.
We are Orange Lounge Radio on Skype.
You can go ahead and give us a call on Skype.
In the meantime, we're going to check the Twitter and go to some Twitter topics.
I'm going to the Twitter right now, twitter.com, of course, slash O-L-R if you want to send
us some tweets.
Meanwhile, let's go on to some tweets, starting off with Flaco Jones, who I guess must be
listening live tonight, because he's tweeting us and saying, LulzSec announced in mid-June
that they released Xbox Live account information, and Microsoft did nothing.
No, it wasn't Xbox Live account information.
It was some other service that people had emails for and stuff, and they basically said,
go try those email password combinations in Xbox Live, Facebook, et cetera, because a
lot of people don't change their passwords and they use the same combination all over
the place.
But I do change my passwords.
Exactly.
Sums up.
No, they didn't hack Xbox Live.
Interesting.
Yeah, and it does say that the story is appended with an update that says, Microsoft released
a statement that Xbox Live was not compromised to the best of Microsoft's knowledge, and
the logins passwords were released at random with people encouraged to try the information
on services like Xbox Live.
And I do remember that happening.
I do remember when they released a big list of login and passwords and all that stuff.
All right.
Also, Flaco Jones in the tweet says to us, maybe if Microsoft took Xbox Live down for
a month, when they most likely knew account info had been compromised, no money would
have been stolen.
Kind of like I guess Sony did.
Interesting.
Going to another tweet here from Nico Nico Chan tweets us saying, I heard from a friend
that Dark Sakura likes Para Para.
I was wondering what Para Para dancer she watched on YouTube, if she does.
I just watch whatever I find.
You just kind of YouTuber.
It's more of the songs for you, isn't it?
Well, yeah.
I mean, there's certain dances that I like.
I like the one for Velfar and I like, there's a number of them that I like, but I'll find
like different groups and see different people doing them.
How can you best, for those that don't know what Para Para is, how can you best describe
it to people?
Cheerleading in line dancing.
Cheerleading in line dancing combined.
How would you classify the music?
Synthy.
Let me let me play you an example of a song from Para Para paradise just in case you've
never heard.
So imagine doing like...
Play Velfar if you haven't.
Cheer...
I didn't have that one ready.
Sorry.
This is like cheer dancing.
Here you go.
Jamie is actually waving her hands in the studio.
This is one that I used to know.
The only one I knew for a short time was what was it called?
Sexy, sexy, sexy, where you shake your butt.
That was always my favorite.
You need deluxe.
I did.
That was, that was it.
Deluxe.
And you knew like a virgin.
I taught, I spent a whole night learning the like a virgin dance.
And you taught it to me.
That's not the Madonna like a virgin.
That's a whole different one.
And you're going to make me sound like even gayer dark soccer.
Oh Rob, that's not possible.
Shut up.
Heart.
I'm trying to find like a virgin because it has the funniest intro ever.
Hold on.
I got to find it.
Do you miss the Para Para machine that was here locally?
Yes, I do.
I know you said something about that.
And someone's supposed to lend me dance master so I can do night of fire.
Thank you for that.
You know night of fire.
I do now thanks to dance masters.
So where is it?
I can't.
Argh.
Hold on.
I got one of their directory.
I got to check.
This is an alternative reality game.
This is awesome live radio.
But hold on.
I got to check one more folder here.
I used to...
Hurry up.
We got Pinkberry.
I used to have the entirety of DDR Freaks radio's rotation here on the computer and
I'm pretty sure they had it in their rotation.
Here it is.
Okay.
Hilarious opening.
And the band, of course, is called Virgin Elle.
So here you go.
It's a little bit sexy, right?
Yeah.
Maybe not.
Zethurin Chat says, when I dance to Eurobeat, I pretend to drive a car really fast down
a mountain pass, shifting the gears of my hands and the steering wheel movements.
This is not Initial D.
I'm sorry.
It is Initial D.
Initial D. Initial D. But most of these performers, by the way, the bands are out of Italy.
Orange Lounge Radio on Skype.
Again, the Skype line is open, guys.
Going to Tiger Claw since it's a couple tweets here.
One of them has to do with Nintendo looking at trademark applications for Wii U in the
US.
Now, this is not just, I think, what Dark Soccer was talking about earlier, but some
other related things, such as point cards, advertising and publicity services for providing
information.
Let's see, telecommunication via electronic bulletin boards, providing images via communication
with handheld game devices, clothing for domestic pets, bags and the like, and so forth.
Oh, God.
You know what game that is.
Clothing, waistbands, belts for clothing, so forth.
Card games, notebooks, consumer video game machines fitted with a camera function.
Meaning I guess the camera's already built in.
Interesting.
IDK.
All right.
Also Tiger Claw tweets us another tweet.
Sony wants to know what PlayStation Vita peripherals you want.
What do you want to see on the Vita?
So I guess some of the responses that are showing up on this poll so far.
It's on the Japanese PlayStation Vita community site.
A UMD drive, a cradle with HDMI out, a compact full keyboard, a grip adapter with a secondary
battery built in.
UMD drive is by far the most popular response so far.
How about a USB connector?
That might be already there.
I think.
Yeah.
That's low keys.
Confirm me that it's already there.
Again.
Orange, Ontario on Skype.
If you want to give us a call tonight, I have one of this pay point things where, you know,
you put your card up to the sensor and it charges you.
Here, I don't have to enter anything.
I'll just buy all of this.
Dark Tetsuya says, we should totally start B's for Xenoblade.
It's a hashtag.
Just saying.
If you want.
Maybe it'll catch on like President Cat.
You can do it.
I don't know.
Go for it.
If you think it should be done, you should start that.
I will endorse B's for Xenoblade.
There you go.
All right.
We got a call coming in.
Let's go to the phones and take the call.
Hi.
You're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hello?
Hi.
You're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Uh, the word Nate again.
Hey, what's up, Nate?
Yeah, dude.
I was calling, um, about, about, uh, the indie thing.
The indie gaming.
Yes.
Um, I'm an indie game developer.
You are an indie game developer yourself.
Yeah.
What games are you developing?
Now, don't, don't laugh at me now.
I'm making a farming game.
You're making a-
Right now.
Oh, God.
You're making a farming game.
But hold on.
It's not like Farmville.
Okay.
It's more, it's more like Monopoly mixed with, uh, Harvest Moon.
Okay.
Now, people like Harvest Moon, so, okay, and Monopoly, Monopoly is a fun game.
I read the most weird news story ever this week that was talking about how in Monopoly,
you actually don't want to own Boardwalk.
You want to own Illinois Avenue.
Just throwing it out there.
Yeah, I saw an article too, but, um, I didn't read it.
I just saw, I just saw it and I said, huh, these people don't know what they're talking
about.
And I just, I didn't read the article.
So the game's not out yet then.
You don't have anything to plug just yet, but I guess, and I don't know if you want
to give away all the secrets, but how do you combine the worlds of Monopoly and Harvest
Moon?
Well, and again, you, you really, um, okay, you're trying to start a, a farming monopoly.
So you start off as a small farmer and then later down the road, you just, you just, uh,
you just get opportunities to take over other people's farms and, um, uh, get new property.
You get to get the government to help you out.
And it's a lot of crazy.
Like we get to take over people's farms with guns.
No you get to put them out of business.
You're producing government supported crops.
You're encouraging people to grow government cheese.
Well, it's good, isn't it?
Well yeah, but you know, your game's probably going to get like targeted by the organic
growers of America or something, and you know, especially the Slow Food International and
the Tea Party.
No, the Tea Party is all down for that.
They don't care about organic food.
I'm going to say that crops are organic in the game, even though they aren't.
If you have organic ones, then you need to have them cost more.
Yeah.
And then it'll get bad quicker and it tastes worse, but, um, whatever.
All right.
Well, let me, let me ask you this.
Where did you get the idea to develop a game like this?
Like what inspired you?
Because, you know, people got to remember, you don't write an indie game in one night.
I mean, I guess you can, but that's, you know, most of them definitely are not done in one
night.
They take a long time to develop.
So you really have to be committed to your idea.
So where did you get the idea that I want to do a farming game that's not FarmVille,
that I will say, I want to do a farming game that's cool.
Where did you kind of get that idea?
Well, um, it was just random thoughts during the day and I kind of got down to never cause
it started off with just three people farming on a farm.
And then I thought they should, uh, they should make money and they should, uh, they should
have, um, enemies and they should kill wolves and stuff too.
So I was thinking about keep a spin on the enemy concept and to, well, they should have
a huge mission to be like the best farmers in the world.
Oh, cool.
So your game does have violence in it.
Of course.
I'm on board.
You get to hit wolves, not people, you don't, you don't steal people farm.
You just, you just, you just make them sell out to you by selling your crops for less
money than no more purpose, you know, like the Walmart model.
So what are you developing for?
Are you developing for Facebook or iOS or what?
No, it's going to be for the big three, uh, that's not LeBron James, it's going to be
for, uh, Mac, Windows and Linux.
Ah, okay.
So you're going for not, not the big three consoles, but the big three computers.
All right.
I'm down Mac, PC, Linux.
Maybe you will be in the next humble indie bundle.
I hope so.
But you know, I need to keep developing, especially the graphics because, um, I don't have, I
don't have much background.
So I just have like skies and trees in the background.
All right.
So where's a website we can keep tabs on your progress.
You have like a blog or something, or at least a Twitter where we can keep tabs on your progress.
I want to type it on the chat so you can like see it.
All right.
It's tailware.com.
Okay.
Tailware.com.
I'll look for that in the chat room.
Yeah.
So on the site it's other crap on there, but, um, uh,
But it'll get better as the game gets further along.
It's, it's a huge, it's a really bad demo up already, but that's like a, a really, really
old and bad demo up.
It's uh, it feels so fresh.
I'll give you the link.
All right.
Well, when you get your game finished and you're ready to get it out there, you got
to come back on the show and tell us more about it.
I want you to give away all your ideas yet cause you're still developing it, but you
got to come back on the show, uh, maybe one of your co-developers and talk a little more
about it.
Yeah, most definitely, you know, and then we can, um, smurf it up.
All right.
All right.
All right.
I'm going to let you go so we get more calls, but thanks for the call.
All right.
Take care, buddy.
Bye.
All right.
Uh, orange lounge radio on Skype.
If you want to call us again tonight, the 800 number does not work.
No, we didn't forget to pay the bill.
Uh, there's some other issues going on, so we will, uh, be back with that next week,
but orange laundry on Skype.
If you want to give us a call, um, moving on to more tweets, uh, Osford tweeted us saying,
hi guys.
Who's in Disney world?
You suck.
Your mom.
You suck.
SGA 100 Matt tweets us saying July, 2011 was apparently the worst month for the video game
industry in almost five years.
Yeah.
I read this story too, and it has a lot of people going, oh shit, the video game industry
is in trouble.
But I'm like, well, what games came out in July, 2011 Catherine, when Catherine is your
biggest release, like all month, like, I'm sorry, no disrespect to Catherine, but it's
not exactly a triple-a or disrespect to earth defense force, insect Armageddon, or well,
sorry, and apparently that's millions of copies either.
So I mean, it should though, you just don't have huge, huge titles right now.
And the biggest system is the Wii, which has literally fucking nothing on it, but the goddamn
puppy bowl.
No.
Now in July, they had just dance summer party, which was all the DLC for Justin and Smurf
stance party, excuse me.
Like I said, uh, it's no surprise that I demand an explanation for these shenanigans.
Plus the 3DS really doesn't have a lot going for it right now, nor does the PSP.
We're kind of in between a lot of consoles right now.
I mean, granted the 360 and PS3, you're still kind of at their prime, but they've those
systems don't have fucking anything until the holidays, except Catherine.
All right, anyhow, moving on to MNZeba tweets us saying, I downloaded juke beat.
The Contra song on extreme is hilarious.
How are you supposed to beat that?
You literally have to memorize it.
You're going to have to memorize where all those little fuckers show up and know exactly
where to tap.
Have you tried a song on expert yet?
Loki, just take your Aussie.
I haven't even tried.
I'm sure it's pretty hilarious.
Again, our username on Skype is orange lounge radio.
Zither tweets us saying, Loki could learn from reason number one on this five crucial
lessons learned by watching kids play video games.
And I guess Loki, you could learn from number one.
Well, let's, let's recap, but this is a cracked article.
All cracked at this website.
All they do are like top 10 lists, huh?
Like every time I get linked to some top 10 lists, it's all fucking cracked.
Like they've made a website out of top lists, not top lists, but top lists.
It's kind of interesting.
I don't know, uh, five crucial, crucial lessons learned by watching kids play video games.
Number five, they don't tolerate losing.
So modern games just let them win.
They don't tolerate losing.
So modern games just handed to them.
Number four, they have no tolerance for grinding, you know, like in an old school final fantasy
game.
Number three, if they want to read, they'll buy a fucking book that might be referencing
how I always like to skip to quest text and wow, I don't know.
Number two, they press Y to skip as fast as they can.
And number one, Loki, you could learn from this, don't like it, break it.
And it's talking about cheat codes aren't as much of a thing with this generation of
consoles.
If they're playing a game, basically they like to just go in and cheat and hack and
exploit and break and mod.
Well there's a difference between people that want to break games like the people that spawn
freeze cars in Grand Theft Auto just like, I'm a hacker, I froze you versus, you know,
people like me that just want to play a really fun game with some weapons that necessarily
weren't in the stock version of the game.
All right, last tweet tonight from Fiedelt61 on Twitter tweets us, final fantasy things.
Fucking want.
And it's a tweet to a clock here and maybe I'll have to get Dark Soccer to reblog this
on the Tumblr so you guys can see this too.
It is a clock that is made up of Final Fantasy logos.
So like Final Fantasy 12 is at the top and then one, two, three, get it?
So it's all the different Final Fantasy logos and a clock.
Send me that and I'll put it on our thing.
All right, I will send you that link right now so you can reblog that so listeners can
see it.
Again, that came to us from Fiedelt61 on Twitter.
And if you want to send us stuff to cross post, you can send us stuff on Twitter as
well.
I guess not having the 800 number tonight just killed us on calls.
So we're going to go ahead and close up the Skype line.
That's too bad.
But then again, it has been kind of a slower week and there's not a lot of new games that
people are excited to talk about and so forth.
So we're going to close on up the Skype line and cover any last minute stories.
See if Loki has any last minute stories he wants to talk about real quick.
Just one that I think is kind of funny and ironic.
Facebook has decided that they're changing their game service to look like Google Plus.
They're actually going to be updating things a little bit.
I guess they said that game growth has slowed and because of that they're starting to tweak
things around.
So they're going to have some sort of, looks like a games tab or something like that and
different sorting options.
Hmm, interesting.
I love how they announced a lot of this like the same day that Google Games came out.
Yeah.
It's pretty.
Their re-open of virility I guess is what they're promising and it basically looks like
they're ripping off a bunch of ideas that Google Plus had.
But of course these have been in development for a long time.
Oh yeah.
They've been in development for six to twelve months.
Of course.
Of course.
Yeah.
Anything else?
That's it.
All right.
Well that brings us to the close of another week here at Orange Lounge Radio.
We will be back next week.
We will be off in two weeks but we'll be here next week.
We've been asked about a marathon show this year on Labor Day weekend.
I kind of don't think that's going to happen this year just because there's a lot going
on around that time.
However, we're going to look at targeting another three-day weekend in the future.
So don't be too disappointed.
We want to do not just a marathon show but we want to do a marathon that has a little
more oomph this year.
So what better time to do it than kicking off the tenth year of Orange Lounge Radio.
So we'll be looking at that in the future.
Right Jamie?
We.
All right.
So anyhow let's go around and get everybody's final thought.
Loki we'll start with you.
Do you have your final thought tonight?
My final thought is I'm hopefully going to be able to play some more games this week.
I had plans on doing that this weekend but that kind of fell through.
My final thought tonight is I'm looking forward to having some Pinkberry.
Yay.
Darsaka your final thought tonight.
I'm going to read exactly what's on macro memory now.
50 Cent got shot and still whines about it on stage.
Teddy Roosevelt got shot mid-speech and didn't leave the stage until he was finished.
Interesting.
50 Cent got shot on stage?
I had no idea.
No he got shot and he just whines about it.
Well I mean getting.
I would.
If somebody shot me I'd whine.
Not on stage.
Oh.
But Teddy Roosevelt got shot and finished his damn speech.
Still if I got shot I'd be whining about it.
All right.
But that's for another week.
Actually no I should never be shot actually on the show.
That would be bad.
All right that's it.
We're out.
Have a wonderful night everybody.
We'll be back here next week to do it all again.
Hope to see you here live Sunday nights at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern at All
Games Radio.
Until then we'll see you next time.
Thanks for listening.
Tell a friend about the show if you enjoyed.
Spread the word Orange Lounge Radio.
We don't have advertising dollars and so therefore we don't stick the show full of ads while
we ask word of mouth.
Have a good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those
of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com, but we're probably right
anyway.
See you next week.
