Tonight, August 21st, 2011, the PlayStation 3 price is cut, the Vita promises to deliver
many popular social apps, and are Japanese retailers losing interest in the Xbox 360?
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice, Orange Lounge Radio. We are live on this Sunday, August
21st of 2011. My name is Rob Roberts, and I'll be joining you over the next few hours
to talk about video games, gamer lifestyle, gaming culture, and all that fun stuff with
my co-host, the one, the only, Dark Sakura, Jamie Sommers.
Filodo.
What?
Filodo.
I am. Well, it's kind of, it's Greek. I'm having spinach pie.
Spinach pie.
Like spanakopita, only big.
Okay, it sounds good.
It's Greek. There's plenty.
And say hello, I just know feta cheese, that's Greek too, and the olives, they're really
good. All right, also say hello to, I'm ignorant, say hello to tech master Loki.
What she meant to say is Filodo.
The secret ingredient is Filodo.
Just doing a speaker check, everybody out there. Make sure your levels are Loki appropriate
tonight for him to scream in the microphone. How you doing, Loki?
I'm doing fine.
Awesome. All right. Always present with us, the chat room, the fourth guest on the program,
chat.orangeloungeradio.com. If you want to join us on this Sunday night with us as we
are taping episode number 425 of our show live. So, um, I don't know about you guys,
I've had a pretty busy day. I was on another podcast this morning for a good, God, it probably
went for about two, two and a half hours, but it was a good show.
Was it fun?
It was fun. I was hanging with my sassy British friends on the girls gone wow podcast, which
I know is funny because I'm not a girl, but, uh, it doesn't matter. It's still a good time.
And, uh, the girls that are on the show are very fun.
They took my suggestion and called you Sky and called him Rob.
Yes, they did. They did. I didn't know that was your suggestion. Good for you. So anyway,
I was doing that this morning, so a cheap plug for them. That works. And, um, yeah.
Uh, before we get into gaming weeks, I want to talk about this because this is something
I was kind of doing this weekend as well. And, um, so I haven't mentioned this on Twitter
and I haven't really talked about this anywhere because I wanted to just kind of start off
the nice show talking about this, but, um, I did something to one of my consoles that
I haven't done in a very long time since maybe the PlayStation one. And that is my Nintendo
Wii. Um, I hacked it. I loaded up the homebrew channel on it and all the other fun stuff,
uh, that you can do with it. The, like the, uh, loader and all that stuff. And, uh, yeah,
I did it. And you might be thinking like, well, okay, Rob, why did you do that? And
the answer is, well, cause I could, um, I'm going to be totally just blunt and honest.
Um, I read that article on joystick.com. I don't know how many of you guys saw this,
but a joystick ran an article a couple of days ago. You know them, they're a very big
blog gaming blog. They have their own show. It's huge on iTunes. I'm sure many of you
subscribe. Um, there, as far as like the, um, more corporate blogs go, I guess you could
say, they're definitely one of the better ones. Um, and it's because of interesting
things like this that they do that make them stand out. And, uh, they ran an article Thursday
or Friday, uh, about Xenoblade coming out in Europe. And the article was basically how
to play Xenoblade on a US Wii. And it basically was, here is what you need to download. Here
is how you hack your console. And here's where you buy your import copy of Xenoblade so you
can play it on the Wii. And I have to admit a lot of what was holding me back before to
hacking my console was it seemed kind of complicated. Like I know Loki was always doing all that
stuff, but you know, Loki, and we've talked about this on the show before, Loki breaks
shit because he can't. That's, and sometimes I break shit when I don't want to break shit,
but it happens. That's just part of the process, part of it for you. And I've not usually been
of that same mindset, but when I found out, you know, when I was reading that joystick
article, I was like, well, shit, this looks really easy. So, I mean, it looks lengthy,
but it looks easy. So I followed it step by step and I did it. It was, it was pretty easy
and I got to admit it was kind of neat seeing like all the, uh, you know, cause when you're
doing some of this stuff, you basically are booting your Wii, like it's a PC. And so it
has kind of like that old school IBM PC font and you see all these programs that are running
in that and so forth. So, um, it's Linux loaders. I don't even know what the hell's going on.
I just kind of followed all the instructions and there you go. So now if I want to import
Xenoblade, I can, um, I don't know how I feel about that right now. I really, really do
not like this whole region. I don't like region locking. I don't like the fact that some games
come out in one region and don't come out in the other. I love so much more what Sony
is doing. And maybe I think that was part of my big motivator was that I just wanted
to make my Wii region free and now I can check out some of this other cool shit about, uh,
like what custom Mario Kart Wii and so forth and what you can play president cat. Yes,
I could play president cat. I didn't even think of that, but that's a damn good reason
for me to have done what I did in my way. I could, if there's any game worth importing,
it's that one. If I could even find a copy anymore, I have a copy. Really? Yeah. I would
like to borrow president cat. I bought a copy of present cat, played it once and it sits
in the shelf somewhere. I knew there was a good reason I did this. Uh, and I, I realized
some folks out there that are very anti hacking and all that are like, Rob, how could you,
you've been the voice of reason on the show for so long. How could you do this? Well,
if you want to know how he could do it, the instructions were on joystick at the end of
the day. Yes, that's exactly right. Somebody wrote an article like how to do this for dummies
and I was like, all right, I can do it. And I did it. And in some ways I realized I was
taking a risk with my Wii console that, you know, I might break it or something like that.
Uh, and um, uh, I said, well, the Wii is pretty much a dead system to me right now. Like maybe
I'll play that new Zelda game, but that's about it. Uh, I otherwise am not afraid of
breaking my console if I break it. Oh, Wells. I wasn't really playing it anyway. Um, so I did it.
Um, and that's, that's that. You're such a naughty boy. Well, I didn't, I didn't go crazy on bit
torn or anything like that. That was not my motivation for hacking the Wii. Um, you know,
so I want to make that clear. Um, I think it's interesting that I could use the USB loader to
like load up my games onto one drive, but I don't know. I don't know if I'll really do that because
I honestly think it's just easier to just get the damn disc and put it in the Wii if I'm actually
going to play any of those games. Let's face it. Many of which I don't anymore. Once in a blue,
blue moon, I'll decide there's something on the Wii I want to play. Usually it's a virtual console
game, to be honest. Um, so there you go. Loki, what do you think of, uh, now I, now I could ask
this question. What do you think of the fact that a big blog like joystick did this? Because clearly
they did it to make a statement. Like at least that's what I read out of it. They did it to make
a statement that Nintendo by not releasing Xena blade in the U S we, you leave us no other choice.
I think they've run an article similar to that before anyways. And I know they've done it before
with the PSP. So yeah, I'm not surprised. Hmm. What do you think dark soccer? What do you think
of a website like that? Kind of a, you know, a prestigious, if we will gaming website. They're
kind of doing that. They're going to get a cease and desist from Nintendo and then take the article
down. But the damage has been done. Their protest has been made. Do you think that they made a
statement or do you think that they look kind of, you know, and I'm not, I'm not asking this to,
to open any channel of disrespecting what they did, but let's see statemently to me, you know,
yeah, I think they did. I'm well done. So now here's the other interesting thing about this
whole Xena blade and the last story in this whole saga, my gut still tells me we've got packs coming
this weekend and there's going to be a lot of news that comes out of packs. I think that usually you
don't have a lot of big, big announcements coming out of packs. Like usually that's what E3 is for
games. Calm usually ends up being a pretty similar show to packs. However, packs has been getting
bigger and bigger. It's been a sellout show. I think you do see companies making more and more
announcements. And honestly, in my mind, what better time to announce Xena blade? I honestly
think if Nintendo does not announce Xena blade at packs next week, they're not going to. I think
next week is really the last quote unquote last chance. I mean, granted, they can hold a press
conference whenever they want and say whatever they want. But as far as a celebration, if you
will, of the fans, next week is the chance for them to do that. Nintendo is in Seattle. They're
in the backyard of Seattle. It's not a problem for them to do packs and they do go I think every
year. Yeah, I think so. Someone in the chat correct me if they're not going this year, but I'm
pretty sure they are. And I would openly question if they're taking the Wii U. I know a lot of
people are assuming that because the Wii U is at E3, that it's going to be at packs. I'm not so
sure that if Nintendo is doing packs, which I still need someone to confirm because I might be
wrong. I'm not so sure if Nintendo is doing packs that they're going to bring the Wii U. And the
reason why is that the Wii U did not get a huge reception at E3. And so they might have taken
things back to the drawing board. They may not be ready to show that to the public. If Nintendo is
going to E3 or excuse me, if Nintendo is going to packs, they're going to be showing off the 3DS.
That's for sure. That'll be their huge thing. Their huge push will be the Mario game, the Mario
Kart, and the 3DS price cut. That is going to be the majority of what they're pushing. But they do
have a handful of titles coming out on the Wii this holiday season, like Rhythm Heaven. There's
another Kirby game, right? It's on its way. So there's a few things that Nintendo kind of still
has going on. And what a perfect time for them to say, oh yeah, and over here on these kiosks we
have, hey, American Xenoblade. I really think the push is going to be more of the 3DS obviously
because they just dropped the system down in price. They've really kicked up the advertising
for it. I don't know if you've seen the ads about, you know, basically highlighting the three big
games from Star Fox, Mario, Mario Kart. You know, so they're definitely pushing. So going to the
chatroom at chat.orangelaungeradio.com, Black Wolf is in chat saying Nintendo won't bring the Wii U
because they only showed it to E3 to stop leaks. And see, I'm kind of inclined to agree is that
maybe not totally the reason why. I think part of the reason why, I think if the Wii U had had a
huge, oh my gosh, everybody's got to do this, and all this whole huge reception at E3, I think they
would have had a little bit of it at PAX. But also keep in mind that the PAX boosts are a lot smaller
than the E3 boosts. And they don't always have as much space to show everything. And if they were to
bring the Wii U, they would have those huge lines that go with it. I just don't think now is the
time for them to be pushing the Wii U. Next year's PAX? Maybe, because we could be looking at the Wii
U for next holiday. But I just think this year's PAX is going to be all about the 3DS. And maybe,
just maybe, Xenoblade. So...
I'm actually entirely inclined to agree with that.
And sg100mad is confirming for me that Nintendo is going to be at PAX. Thank you very much.
UnfoldedRaptor is in our chatroom saying, Sky, the last story, another big RPG for the Wii is getting
localized for Europe, but not for America. I think we'll see this whole situation again in the future.
Oh, absolutely. Absolutely.
Well, this is the last story is still part of that. Whatever that campaign. Yeah.
But otherwise, the games actually do. I mean, they're both RPGs, but that's kind of where the
similarities end. The huge thing about the last story is it's Mistwalker. Meaning like, Nobei
Uematsu did the music. The guy that did the Final Fantasy, the original, is behind this. I mean,
Mistwalker games are usually a pretty big deal. Of course, well, I guess I say that with a grain of salt.
Maybe they're a big deal in Japan. Like, Blue Dragon, I don't think was so well received here.
Lost Odyssey was horrifically underrated. I think that's one of the greatest 360 games as far as RPGs
go, and just kind of landed here with a resounding no one curr, which is really sad. So I'm really
excited to see kind of what they did with the Wii. So let's see. Going to other comments, Unfolded
Raptor is saying Pandora's Tower is also set to get a localization for Europe next year, and that's
the third game. SSG100Matt in chat says, Rob, the funny thing is that not only Nintendo will be
there, but the editors for Joystick will be there. Cat fight? I don't know. Gang fight? I don't know.
You know, I'm not, like, you know, our little dog and pony podcast does not get quite the amount of
viewers that Joystick does, so I'm not sure what kind of happens when you're that big, if you can
get away with more things like that without getting blacklisted or what have you. But I do
seem to remember some time ago, Kotaku did something to piss Sony off, you know, and they're
another big blog, and they got blacklisted for a little while, but it was, well, when I say a little
while, it was literally, like, 48 hours or something. Something was quickly remedied there, so, you
know, a blog that big has a lot of pull, I gotta say. So I don't think Nintendo could just straight
up blacklist them, but, you know, there's things Nintendo could do if they want, so. They could
stomp their little foot and pout. Black Wolf is being a party pooper, saying the last story
soundtrack actually was done by Yoshitaka Suzuki. It was not done by Nobui Matsu. He didn't even do
the theme or anything? That's surprising to me, because he's a part of Mistwalker Studios, so, hmm,
whatever. Let's see. We're gonna get into How Was Your Gaming Week here in just a minute, but let me
go to another kind of random question that popped up in chat from Dhanesh. Hey guys, Mr. Nesh here.
I have a question for OLR. From what information you know at this moment, would you guys buy the
3DS now, or wait for the PlayStation Vita if you could only buy one? Hmm. I already own a 3DS, but
see, I'm in the, see, here's where I'm at, is that I kind of think the systems are spaced far enough
apart, or that if you plan well, you can kind of afford both. I agree. So, but if you're very adamant,
like, no, I only have X amount, and I understand there's students and people on fixed budgets that,
you know, can only afford one or the other, it's really hard right now for me to say, yeah, go for
the Vita, because for the Vita right now, we have a lot of announcements, and we have a lot of, you
know, ideas for games, but now that the Vita is not launching till 2012, there's a part of me that
wonders if it's not gonna have a very similar situation to what the 3DS had, meaning, yeah, it's
gonna launch in March, but there's not gonna be any really good launch games, and then everything
you really want will be out at the holidays. So part of me says, if you think you could have enough
money this holiday, and then again next holiday, I think you're safe to get a 3DS right now, and
then get a Vita later. Otherwise, it really depends on what games you want to play, because if you
want to play Uncharted, 3DS doesn't have anything like that right now, so clearly you need to get a
Vita, but if you want to play Mario, the Vita doesn't have anything like that right now, so you
need to get a 3DS. So I don't have an easy answer. It really depends on what games do you want to
play, because that's the only thing that's setting the two systems apart right now. If you think
about it this way, the two systems don't have any games in common. It's not like the Xbox and the
360. All right, herp derp. The 360 and the PlayStation 3. Incorrect. Okay, what do they have in common?
They might have some franchises that get one game here and one game here, but what games do
the two both have? Lego Harry Potter years 5 through 7. Well, excuse me! Hey, you said none. I just
pissed off a bunch of Harry Potter Lego fans. My bad on that. I will actually say that if it were
me, I'd get 3DS, because I haven't touched our PSP since I was playing Papa Lacrosse, or no, I was
playing Roko Loco. I was playing some back then, but it was about a year. Here's something else to
consider. Do you need that portable device to do other shit for you? Meaning, do you need an
mp3 player as well? Do you want something to surf the web with? I mean, granted, the 3DS does have a
web browser, but it's kind of shit. Terrible! Where the PSP really succeeded, that the original DS,
or DS Lite, whatever you want to call it, kind of didn't do so well, is that, you know, what's
PlayStation's little tagline? It only does everything. Well, that's kind of true when it comes
to PSP versus DS, you know, going back. And what I imagine will continue to be the case in Vita
versus 3DS is that the PS Vita is going to be able to do this other stuff. We have a story later on
tonight about apps that you know from the iPhone are going to be making their way to the Vita. If
you don't have an iPhone, so maybe you have a need for this kind of stuff, then the Vita looks more
appealing. But if you don't need any of that crap, you don't need Facebook, again, because maybe you
have an Android or something, then maybe you're fine with the 3DS. So I know you want me to say
one or the other, but every gamer is different. And it's really about, at the end of the day,
what's the golden rule of gaming? A system is only as good as the games that are on it. And only you
know what games you want to play. So speaking of games you want to play, let's talk about our gaming
weeks. And we usually like to start off the show talking about what video games we have been playing.
SnarkSakura, start us off. Games I have been and am playing right now? Sims 3. I've got everything
up, except for the newest expansion. And I am playing the crap out of it. And then I have been
playing World of Warcraft. And I actually got really burned out last night. Like, I could not,
I played for like five hours. Because I was just sitting here going, buh, buh, buh. I'm gonna play
my paladin. It takes so long to level when you're in the 70s now. I mean, it's faster than it was
with my mage. Because, hi, everything there is undead, and hi, paladin holy, whatever. So I've
been playing a bunch of that. And I've actually played Robot Unicorn Attack for a little bit today.
In Tiny Tower. That's it. Alright. Loki, what have you been up to? You're playing something right now
during the show. What is this that you're checking out right now? I'm playing Earth Defense Force
Insect Arm again. The minute you paused it and it said destroy the anthill, I'm like, oh, this must
be Earth Defense Force. Yes. I actually have been playing a lot of Earth Defense Force this week. My
boss is out of town. Normally he wants to play Grand Theft Auto during our breaks and lunch and
stuff. But since he's gone, and our other co-workers gone, we've only had three people. And so we've
been playing Earth Defense Force all week long. And it's been awesome. I've leveled up my tactical
guy up to tier seven. Trying to level up to tier eight now by farming this first level. And there's
a trick to it, and it also involves a rubber band. Kind of a cheat, I guess. So I will be doing that
during the show because- You haven't cheated anything ever. It's an exploit. It's not necessarily a cheat. I am not,
you know, hacking or anything. Even though I could have done that, but I did not. So I am leveling up
legitimately. I just don't feel like holding the trigger down for three hours. So that's where the
rubber band comes into play. So yeah. That's what I've been doing. You do all the cheating you want in
single player mode. You know what? If you want to cheat the hell out of it when you're by yourself,
then go for it. It's all co-op. There's no cheating. There's no leaderboards. There's nothing. So it's only
for my own benefit. So then the other stuff I've been playing, I played VVVV. And I finished the
game, but I still have to get some of the shiny objects in there. And that game was really hard.
And, you know, frustratingly hard sometimes. But I think that's the point of it. And it was fun.
Let's see what else they play. A little bit of Grand Theft Auto. And I think that's it, actually.
Just those three. Yeah, I don't think I played- I may have turned Tiny Tower on once. I actually, I
probably should download the update for that. So I'll probably do that. And then maybe build some
more empty floors since I can't build anything else. Yeah, that's it. My gaming week. My Xbox is
still out of commission. If you haven't heard the story yet, listen to last week's show at the very
beginning. So I don't really have any updates on that yet. It's just sitting there collecting dust
until that whole debacle's settled down. Because even though I can play things in single player
mode, I don't want to get achievements and stuff. So I don't know. I've just moved on to PlayStation
3, which is what I've been playing mostly in my console gaming time. Not a lot of new stuff for
me to talk about on PlayStation 3. I've been, you know, revisiting some of the old stuff. Played
Katamari randomly during the week. And also was playing a game that I think I briefly talked about
before, like last year on the show when it first came out. But it's Hardcore Uprising. And if you
don't know what this game is, it's basically Contra. But they didn't call it Contra. It's
Hardcore Uprising. And the art is all by Arc System Works and all this. Although it's still
a Konami game. And yeah, it's something that Extifer of all people got me into. If you guys
listen to Hoard House, you know Extifer. And he is really into this game right now. And when we all
went over to his house about a week ago, he was playing it and I was kind of watching him and I
was like, oh, this actually looks kind of fun. Like I don't remember feeling this awesome about
the game after playing the demo. Just because, you know, it's a Contra game. It's really hard. You
have some things that you didn't have in the original Contra like a life bar. Not everything
instantly kills you. Although there is a lot of stuff that will instantly kill you. And what I
really like about Hardcore Uprising is what they call the Uprising Mode. And in the Uprising Mode,
you basically, all your points turn out to be a currency. And you use these points to upgrade
your characters so that the mode can get a little easier and a little easier. Like maybe you can
make your life bar a little bit longer. Or you get yourself a few more lives. Or your power up will
be a little bit stronger next time that you get that power up. So I like being able to progress
that way because that way it doesn't feel like you keep banging your head against the wall because
you keep dying at the same point. You know that as long as you keep racking up points, you'll be
able to get your character more and more powered so that you'll be able to get through all that
stuff. So yeah, that's the cool thing about Hardcore Uprising. And yeah, if you want the
hardcore stuff though, there's Arcade Mode where you don't have any of the power ups and you just
got to push through. And I was excited that I could beat the first stage without continuing,
okay? Like that was- In the Contra game, that's huge. Yeah, it is huge. I'm sorry. So there you
go. And yeah, Zethur's in the chat room going, get all the achievements, try beating it on no
death mode. Good luck with that. That's something that what maybe Dan could do, Jamie's husband Dan?
If that, he used to be able to do really well on Contra a long time ago, but not so much.
I mean, he's just, he's out of practice. It's been a while.
Now, Zethur is also clarifying that it's more of a sequel to the game on the Genesis is where
that comes from. Contra Hardcore.
Yeah, Contra Hardcore. So, all right. I mean, whatever at the end of the day, it's Contra.
That's what it feels. You have a spread gun. You have all the metals and just the music.
Contra Hardcore was pretty dang hard.
Yeah. So, so there you go. That was, that was Hardcore Uprising. And that was pretty much,
you know, other than that, some more PC games, more Civilization V because it's great.
And of course World of Warcraft. So that was my gaming week. All right. Quickly,
some housekeeping before we get into the news tonight. Um, I want to quickly say there is no
show next Sunday. I do believe another best of is being prepped for the live folks that listen
at all games.com. So at least there will be that, but we will not be live next week. Um,
I'm going to be out of town and we're just going to take the week off.
I'm helping somebody move.
It's been a while since we had a week off. So darn it. Sometimes we take a day off. So,
uh, we're taking next week off, but we'll be back in two weeks. It is a little bit of a
bummer that we're missing next week because it is PAX, but just the timing of everything,
not really going to work out. So my hope is that maybe some of our listeners are going to
PAX and they're just not going to be able to tune in because they're flying back or whatever.
So we'll do a big roundup and everything. When we come back on Labor Day weekend,
we will be having a show. So we'll be seeing you guys then. Otherwise, in the meantime,
follow us on Twitter, twitter.com slash O L R. We're also on Facebook at facebook.com
slash orange lounge radio. And of course there's always our website,
www dot orange launch radio.com. There's some forums. Um, I noticed that, uh, we had a post
where some of the things that we weren't sure. Remember how last week we had the email that
linked to a deviant art account and we weren't sure if we could post the pictures of the Capcom
building and all this stuff that we were linked. Well, that email or went and made a post in our
forums and was like, Oh, I don't care here at all is. So if you want to kind of like see that
second half to last week's email, it's all there on the forums. So check that out. Orange launch
radio.com. All right, let's get into tonight's news. Loki start us off. Yes. Um,
so start things off. We're gonna talk a little bit about PlayStation and, um,
some interesting stuff came out this week from games.com. First thing, uh, which was kind of
exciting for people is that they dropped the price by 50 bucks. So the PlayStation three systems,
the three twenties dropped down to $300 and the one sixties down to $250. Um,
and I'm sure that's just to kind of pick up the pace for the holiday season because I don't think
they've been a top dog for the last few months. So they kind of have to, well, I guess try a little
harder. So, um, also they're going to be rolling out some new, uh, bundles as well infamous too.
I know there's one for uncharted three that's coming out in the fall. They don't think they've
announced yet. Um, so that stuff will be in the pipeline. Plus, you know, this is the big holiday
where they're pushing their 3d. Um, basically there's themselves as like a 3d platform, uh,
with all the new games supporting 3d from them as well as their 3d monitor TV thing,
whatever you want to call it. Um, so they've got that as well. Um, it'll help drive sales.
That's for sure. Uh, whether, you know, pushes the whole 3d platform. Do you think, do you think
3d gaming is really what people want right now? Like, does anyone in the room really want that?
Like there's a part of me, which I know is ironic because I own a 3ds, but I'm kind of like, eh,
3ds is flashing the pan enough for me. I don't know how I feel about it in my living room. Well,
the thing with the 3d right now, I think is it's just too cumbersome. There's, you know, expensive,
it's expensive. It's, it's still too new to be affordable for everybody. And even like with,
if you buy a 3d TV and stuff, I think it's, it'll be better once it's more of a passive technology,
instead of having these active shutter glasses, it costs a hundred bucks each. I mean, you know,
it needs to be to the point where it's like, okay, here's some polarized glasses. Like,
you know, the crap that you get at the movie theater where that would be, you know, maybe
a few bucks a glass, you know, pair of glasses and then it's all right. Then you can invite
your friends over. You have plenty of glasses to go around for them to do that kind of stuff.
Um, I'm laughing to myself now because speaking of 3d, totally forgot to mention played Ridge
racer 3ds this week. Cause I bought it during the Amazon DS 3ds sale last week. Oops. It's
awesome. Isn't it? It's actually, it's a really good show off the system kind of game. Like if
you want to show off the 3d and shut off some of it's a little gimmicky, like the whole, like,
Oh, there's gotta be confetti flying at your face in every race. And it's, it's kind of bootsy
because the confetti does not go at like 30 frames a second. It looks really bootsy to me. Uh, and
some of the collision is a little dippy. Like it just doesn't control. Like if you run into the
wall on accident, then suddenly your car's like turning at these magical angles. If you can look
over those little silly flaws that that's been in the game for like, I know, I know why. Cause
they don't change the game ever. It's just supported from system. And it's showing, that's
what I'm saying. It's showing it's you look at that stuff and you go, come on. We're this, the
technology is how far along, but otherwise, you know, the 3d effects are pretty good. Uh, and uh,
yeah, I liked it. Sorry. I didn't mean to turn your story into a Ridge Racer 3ds review, but I
just forgot to mention that. That's all right. I know the system that Ridge Racer is really awesome
on the PSP. Um, if you're late to the game and really want to get into, uh, the last generate,
well, soon to be last generation of handhelds from Sony, you can do so for 99 Euro. Um, it's
going to be a new PSP model. That's kind of a different look to it. Uh, more of like a sleek
black. And um, weren't they all sleek black? Oh wait, no. Well, they were shiny. This is more of
like a silver one. This is like a matte finish. Um, and it will not have wifi. It is without
wifi. So if you're thinking of playing multiplayer games, uh, not going to happen.
Interesting that they cut out the wifi. I mean, you know, surf the web. Nope. That is a pretty
big component of the PSP that they, they just kind of chopped out. But at the same time you
look at it and go, eh, but it's only 99 euros, which I imagine would mean $99 here. Although
had they even had, they even announced it for America. It's not coming to America. It's only
in Europe. And why is that? Is that just cause Sony does, does better in Europe? Is this our
punishment for rejecting the go? It's it's not, I mean, if you're really looking for a cheap system
and then this is the problem with this, once again, they're releasing something
that they think is cheap, but it's not. If you're looking for a cheap PSP this late in the game,
just buy used. I mean, seriously, you could buy a PSP 1000 for $65. Um, or, and, and that has
wifi in it. It has all the features that this has and more for less. I mean, so why would you
go and try to buy something brand new for slightly less? And it's really kind of a crippled version
of the system. Same thing was like with what the PSP go was. Why would you buy something,
you know, more expensive that comes crippled? It doesn't make any sense. No one wants that. So
I mean, they might as well make it smaller and call it the PSP micro because that's how it's
going to sell. No one's going to want it. Yeah. Why even bother releasing a new PSP anyways?
It's just, I think people are already done with the PSP. It's kind of at the end of its life
cycle already. Maybe it's kind of their last hurrah for the holiday because the Vita didn't
make it. Cause the Vita didn't make it in Europe either. Put out a new 3000 bundle or something
like that. They just had one that came out with Madden and need for speed in it or something like
that. Uh, in the U S why do we have to, why even bother releasing a new system? Why, why spend the
time right now to redesign the system to make it slightly cheaper to put it out anyways? I mean,
the only thing I can think of is that they're trying to cash in on, um,
on these reduced price games that they have coming out. They have some UMD dual packs.
They're coming out for 10 bucks from a bunch of third party companies. And I mean, it's a good
deal if you're looking for really cheap games and yes, you can still download stuff off the
PlayStation store. If you have a PC or a PlayStation three, you can download it straight off there and
you know, put it on a memory stick or something like that. But I, I mean, seriously, just buy
you system if you're really going to do that. Um, cause there's, there's no reason to buy this. I
mean, seriously, it's just buy you system. Hell, you can probably even find a new system for that
price. I mean, if people are sitting on inventory for it. All right. Well, we see how Loki feels
about that. Um, I don't know. Uh, I, I do have to admit the idea of a new PSP is a little silly
when, yeah, I think Loki makes a damn good argument that if you can get a used one cheaper
than this, then why go for this when you're missing wifi? Uh, before he kind of pointed
that out, I was thinking, all right, well, it's a way for them to get the system out under a hundred
dollars. So it looks really appealing to, you know, maybe, maybe younger folks that kind of
want one, but the parents don't want to spend that much money on a toy. You know what I mean?
But, Hmm. All right. Well, anyhow, let's talk about the other handheld system and that would
be the 3DS as you all I'm sure are aware of the 3DS recently had a huge price cut going on to it.
Uh, and that price cut included Japan and in Japan, the price of the device went from 25,000
yen down to 15,000 yen. That's a huge price. That's, that's almost larger than the one that
had here in the U S uh, so it's very big. Um, and what was the effect of that? Well,
a lot more 3DS is sold and this week it was announced that, uh, let's see, uh,
a couple different figures are out there about exactly how many units sold between August 8th
and August 14th. But generally it's around 210,000 units. Keep in mind that the launch
week of the system saw about what, 350,000 units sold or no 375,000 units sold. So
by cutting the price, you got numbers that were almost back to launch week. I mean,
the numbers this past week were larger than they were in week two and it pushed the, um,
the adoption mark past 1.5 million. So apparently the price cut did exactly what Nintendo needed
it to do and it moved more systems, right? Exactly. It was just an overpriced system.
And right now, I mean, they could have probably, you know, put it out the original price if they
had a good lineup of games, but they didn't. So they need to do something either put out some
good games or drop the price. And right now they need to drop the price if they want to
gain momentum going into the fourth quarter. Well, here's the other thing I want to know about,
and that is what is the sales going to look like the next week? Because I'm sure you had a lot of
running, a lot of people that ran out and bought one, especially in the U S because we had those
stores that all cut the price early so that folks could get on that. And then they could be the
early adopters as well. And I'm sure the sales figures in the U S are going to look very similar
when those numbers come out very soon. But I'm curious, what's it going to look like in two
weeks? What's the long term sales of this? And then of course, through the holiday, I really
don't think any of this matters until the holiday. The holiday is what really going to make or break
the system. Yeah, honestly, it didn't really, from my perspective, it didn't really do much. I mean,
none of my customers are really buying more systems. They were just kind of like, great,
you know, now I can get rid of the system that's been sitting on my shelf for four months.
Wanting to sell the shit they have. Yeah. So, I mean, I don't know if that's the situation.
If, if a lot of the retailers out there were just sitting on these systems, then you may not see
the spike that you see in Japan right now. I mean, I'm sure it'll help, but just, I don't know if
it's going to be, you know, that significant. Uh, Akuma JP is in our chat room right now at
chat.orangeandre.com. And he is a listener of ours from Japan. And he says, uh, kind of in response
to this, a lot of mothers complained because they bought it on the first day. Oh, I'll tell you
something. I'll tell you what you're going to see in this. I guarantee you'll see this by early next
month. You're going to see Nintendo come out because the NPD numbers are going to come out.
3DS is the top handheld system of August. Yeah, because the PSP isn't selling very well. The DS
isn't selling very well. Of course, the 3DS is going to be the top system now that they did a
price drop, but that's, you know, PR spin for you. So look for that early next month. Well, what,
what's the long-term effect of a statement like that? Again, I don't see soccer moms running out
and buying a 3DS because, oh, well, it was the top selling system in August, according to NPD.
Well, they're just hoping that that kind of momentum will carry on. And it very well might,
I mean, cause you know, the DS and the PSP are kind of being phased out. When that Mario game
hits all they have to do. Look, this is all Nintendo has to do. Bundle that fucking Mario
game with a 3DS. That thing will sell like crazy for Christmas. Watch Dan's holding off until the,
the flame one comes out. Cause that's what he wants. He wants the flare red. Yeah. And he wants
the 3D. He likes his 3DS is like, he likes his homosexuals flaming and yeah. Red red stands,
favorite color. And he wants any what? Star Fox. So those are what's selling it for him. I just
like, if Nintendo wants to sell a shit ton of 3DS is that's all they have to do. And like kids
will be wanting that shit all Christmas long. And it'll be a huge thing that ends up under the
Christmas tree this year. It, it might even end up being the must have toy. Like if this shit does
Netflix and all this other stuff, like Nintendo could make this the must have toy. What, what
it's going to be the must have toy. I thought, and this is coming from Activision. I thought
Skylanders was going to be the must have toy. What the fuck is a Skylanders? Exactly. It's
a pain in my ass is what it is right now. And we'll get into that later on, but
it's active. I th I, you know, I, I'm trying to say this without sounding like a fan boy and
believe you, you, you all heard what I said about what I did with my Wii earlier. So look that,
that shows you where I'm at. I think the 3DS will be the top selling system. I think it will
outsell the consoles. Rob's modified his Wii. I needed it to be more versatile. So, but no,
seriously, I think the 3DS will sell more than the, uh, living room consoles because I think
most people that want to have an Xbox 360 already have one. The only maybe kind of possibly that
could screw me on that prediction would be the PlayStation three. I think that the whole price
cut for the PlayStation three, the fact that it plays Blu rays, the fact that it's going to do
3d, I don't underestimate that shit. Do not underestimate the power of that shit. Also
do not underestimate the power of Microsoft. And if they feel that their sales are dipping because
of the PlayStation three dropping in price, they can still drop the price. Remember you angry,
cynical, sarcastic gamers, soccer moms do not think like you. So they are not rational. They
can be, they should be put down immediately when spotted. No, I'm kidding. I'm kidding.
But you know what I mean? No mercy, no remorse. And they will not stop until you are dead.
But that's pretty much that. That's what it is. Like I, I love when I read predictions on gaming
sites from gaming fanboys going, you know, well, this is going to be this way because gamers want
this to do without realizing, well, soccer moms spend more money than gamers do probably at the
end of the day. Why else is the, we, the number one console for so many years, let's be real
because soccer moms by, uh, you know, black ops
and well, actually they do because they don't, they don't read.
So I think the Vita getting out of Nintendo's way, essentially, whether that was intentional
or not. Whereas I think, so I honestly think Sony's just trying to plan a better launch.
I think Sony was starting to realize they did not want to have a launch go like the 3DS has launched.
And if they didn't have the games to back it up, they shouldn't launch their system. I think that's
why they've, they've held it back a little bit, uh, at least in America and Europe. I don't know
why they're still going ahead in Japan. Maybe there's going to be more games out there. I don't
know. So we'll see, but it's just, it's totally cleared the way for 3DS is to just fly these
holidays. We'll see. Maybe I'll be wrong. It's happened before. Spread your wings and fly 3DS,
spread your wings and fly. All right, let's move on to some other stories, Dark Sakura. Well,
better that it spreads that than something else. Anyway, um, moving forward. Well,
Japanese retailers are not going to be, uh, doing much with the Xbox 360 anymore. Um,
it just hit 1.5 million units sold, which is basically that's in six years by the way,
which is basically what the 3DS did in six months. And that was considered selling badly.
You know why it's not doing well over there? Cause they're racist.
The last big Japanese exclusive came out. Idol master two is actually going to be coming
out on PlayStation three now. So, I mean, it's the biggest retailer out there. Geo is cutting
back their stock, but said that they're still going to be available online. By the way,
totally hacking my Xbox next so I can play idle master. Just saying.
Well, I would rather play Hatsune Miku, but anyway, um, at any rate, uh, the quotes going
on saying is, uh, that it is our understanding that Amazon now handles a substantial portion
of Japanese Xbox 360 software sales. So basically there's a, you want it, get it online.
Amazon.co.jp. That's it. We could special order one of those for you. Yeah. What do you think?
Is this, is this really, really bad news for the 360 or is this, eh, all right.
It's not surprising. The system really isn't the system. The games aren't really geared
towards Japanese players. I think, you know, it, this is my thought is that it's sort of like
the reverse Dreamcast or the Saturn. There's a good example of the Saturn.
Sega Saturn in Japan, fantastic. It was top seller. It, it really was well supported,
great games. Over in the US, not so good. Not so good. You know, how many people do you know who
still have like an old, you know, Nintendo just hanging, not Nintendo, uh, a PlayStation sitting
in their closet collecting dust, but never ever played a Saturn. You know, that's over here.
And then you, you sort of got the converse going on now with the Xbox 360 and, and with the Xbox
that it just didn't catch on over there. Maybe it was marketing. Maybe it was that it wasn't a,
uh, a long time trusted brand over there, perhaps. Uh, whatever reason that it is,
but I think that it's, it's the same situation. It's not marketed the right way. It's not pushing
towards that audience. The Saturn over here could have completely dominated the PlayStation because
tech wise, except for the 3D, it was a better system, better sound quality,
a better 2D graphics, better processors, you know, internal, you know, internal memory.
But yeah, if that makes sense. Yeah. So, well, I don't know. I mean,
I don't think it necessarily spells the end of the 360. Certainly they're going to keep pushing
forward. They've done very well in the U S that's for sure. That's the point is that
this performance here has been good enough because I mean, I'm sure the Dreamcast release
in Japan was not based on American sales of the Saturn. I can tell you that, but it could
possibly be that maybe the next Microsoft system to come out won't come out in Japan.
It's not even. That could be very interesting if that happens. I can't, I honestly can't see
that happening. I think Microsoft has to try again. You know what I see if it, if it does
happen that way, we get a system over here that's not region locked or it's only available online.
God, I wish that you know, wish a non region lock system would happen.
Most of the games that come out on the 360 are not region locked. Just saying. I mean,
it's a lot of the Japanese games that come out are for some reason from the Japanese companies,
but for the most part, a lot of like your big first party games like EA or first party,
third party games like from EA, Ubisoft, that kind of stuff. They are not region locked.
You just have to look online either on release sites or on, um, like a play Asia has a good list
of, you know, stuff that's not region locked and you can literally import that stuff back and forth.
There are a few Japanese games do come out over there region free and you can bring them over
here. There was some of the cave shmups that were region free, but, um, you know, it's rare.
It's definitely more rare, but, um, you know, if you really want to, you can play some games,
you know, way before they come out over here. Like for example, all the IDOS games come out over
in the UK a lot earlier than they come out over here. So you can play some of that stuff.
Well, I seriously think that if they were going to be smart about it and try to,
I guess, avoid the same situation, then when they bring out a US game, they have a Japanese
subtitle on it already or a Japanese menu that's just available through options. Because, I mean,
I don't know how many Japanese games I have that have menus fully in English, so it's not a big
deal. And even if the next system is region locked, most likely it's going to be on blu-ray or some
sort of proprietary format. I'm going to guess probably blu-ray. Um, and, um, I think that's
because of blu-ray. Um, and if that's the case, we're the same region as Japan anyways, blu-ray
wise. Uh, video, I mean. No we're not. Yes we are. No we are not. It's region A. They're both the
same. Oh, well, for blu-ray. I'm sorry, I was thinking DVD. We're not the same for DVD. Well,
yes, not for DVD. For blu-ray, we are the same region. But regardless, the point that I was
trying to make is that if they're going to be smart about this, they'll keep, they'll have all
one already, I wouldn't say fully localized, but they will have menus. Or, you know, even work
with, um, you know, between the Japanese staff and American staff for, um, for, uh, uh, two
country developers, you know what I mean? And, uh, then release, you know, a version that's got
just everything in it already. Like, like, okay, here's an example. Sonic Adventure, when it came
out in the US, had Japanese subtitles and the Japanese voices in it, and the English voices.
Can I ask this real quick, because Brakeman's asking this in the chat room, and this is a
really good question that I, I don't even, I'm not even sure I know the answer to this.
Uh, Brakeman in chat asks, OLR, seriously, why is region locking so important to these companies?
What's the point? I know part of it has to do with demographics. It's licensing, right?
Usually they will license stuff for certain regions. Um, you know, obviously some of them,
they just kind of don't put it in there. Branding 2. Branding 2. Um, I can see we're like the NFL
games, you know, NFL's very protective about their shit. And so I'm sure those NFL games have to be
region locked. No, they're not. What'd you say that for? They're not region locked. They're not?
They're not. You've got to be kidding me. No, I'm not kidding. Oh my God. All right. I would've,
I would've guessed for sure. The sports games have the licensing thing. I know to the black
cauldron here of, uh, going back to the roots of OLR, how we were about music games, remember
Konami and all the games, like, you know, all the machines that you saw over here were being
imported from Japan and they really technically weren't supposed to be, they were quote unquote
illegal. Um, but it was kind of one of those things they didn't really enforce. Konami just
kind of quietly turned their backs to it because, you know, obviously it was raising awareness for
all the console versions, but it did actually have an official us machine, right? Those songs
were licensed for Japan. And when it comes to, it's kind of similar, I think to like a jukebox
license or something. When you play music in a store like that, you know, you're actually
supposed to be paying the record labels for all that crap. So, and a lot of the stuff though,
cause, um, they had that deal with, uh, Avex for some of their games and then, um,
all the, uh, what am I thinking? Dance Mania stuff. So it's a little back and forth with,
uh, Madden. Well, Madden, um, Madden has been region free the last couple of games, um, 10
and 11 were both region free. NCAA football though in the US this year was not region free.
It was only, uh, NCSC. Um, then for example, some games that are coming out that are already
leaked out, uh, DSX, uh, human revolution region free, uh, Colorado is the cartel. That's also
region free. Uh, captain America was region free. Harry Potter was region free. Uh, there's
a tour to France game that came out, uh, not even in our region, but that's both region,
uh, for pal and NTSC kind of funny there. That's a game that's never came out. Now over
here, not that I'd play it, but whatever. Um, UFC personal trainer, Naughty Bear gold
edition, uh, dynasty warriors three. Um, it's just a lot of, a lot of games. A lot of them
are coming out all region. They just don't really advertise it. However, though, a lot
of times you'll see the Japanese only games like red faction Armageddon in Japan as only
a Japanese region game, same with like Sean White and that kind of stuff. But, uh, the
versions that come out over here, I believe, um, are all region. In fact, go to our chat
room real quick. Again, chat that orange on studio.com Frisbee asks, but like, for example,
if I buy a Japanese game from a website in Japan, would that affect licensing seeing
as you buy it from that country? Um, I think what you're talking about, I think you kind
of answered your own question because you know, when you're buying a game from Japan,
well, your money went to a Japanese company. I will tell you this. Most, um, Japanese,
uh, sites will not mail to the US. Um, like for example, Amazon. Um, I've ordered, you
know, I've ordered like a couple of books and a couple of CDs. Um, but other than that,
I haven't ever been able to order games from there. They won't take your credit card information.
When I was ordering my, because I had the money I was going to order my 2DX controller,
it wouldn't take my credit card. It wouldn't ship. Even when I was going to ship to a Japanese
address to then ship to me, it would not take my credit card. Some of these stores over here that
sell the import stuff, the way they're doing it is that they have an alliance with a Japanese
retailer who's feeding them all the goods. I mean, that's, that's how they do it. Toys
and Joys is out of Hawaii. So they actually bring stuff back. That's how they get it really quickly.
Well, a lot of like companies are selling to these guys. I'm assuming that it's Japanese
distributors for games and stuff like that. It's basically, you know, as long as we're
shipping to a country or a location within that country, it doesn't really matter what you do
with it. We don't want to know what you do with it. It's just, you know, if you're going to
distribute it in another country, you're not really supposed to do that. But once again,
we're just selling it to that person. What they do with it from there, you know, that's a whole
other thing. All right, well, it is kind of stupid that they have region locks stuff on there, but
quite the conversation we've had stemming from the Xbox 360 chat in Japan. But let's move on.
We got some more stories to cover here before we get to release dates and then the classic game of
the week. The PlayStation Vita, there's some more information that came out about it. It was rumored
that the RAM was halved to drop the price of the system so that it would be able to compete with
the 3DS. However, that is not true. The PlayStation Vita actually has more RAM than the PlayStation 3
in some cases and also a few other things. They also have cross-game chat and you can also do,
I guess it's part of their party system. The system has 512 MB of RAM and 128 MB of video RAM
compared to the PlayStation 3's 256 MB of system RAM and 256 MB of video RAM. While, of course,
the RAM is smaller on the video side, the resolution isn't as great as the PlayStation 3,
so it doesn't require as much RAM for textures and stuff as the PlayStation 3 is. But definitely
with that kind of RAM in there will allow a lot more flexibility with different games and stuff
because I know a lot of people have to optimize their game and do different things and cut stuff
just to, you know, have it run in the limited RAM. So that's kind of cool. So we'll see some
pretty good games coming on that system, I'm guessing, because of that. We can hope. That's
good. I guess RAM's getting cheaper overall, huh? Oh yeah, it's dirt cheap. All right, moving on,
talking about the Vita and some of the other things that were announced for the Vita this
week at Gamescom, PlayStation Vita is going to be getting some more social integration.
In fact, they're going to get some of the things that you usually hear about when you think about
more of the iOS type of apps, or I guess you could say Android as well. Things like Foursquare, Skype,
Twitter, Facebook, all of that is going to be in the PlayStation Vita. And I guess that's part of,
you know, what you can use the whole 3G and all that for. Remember the AT&T 3G that everybody
was really excited about? All four of those apps, they're going to be free downloads from the
PlayStation Network. Doesn't quite say, you know, they didn't hint at if it's going to be at launch
or if it's going to be a ways after that. I imagine none of these apps are that complicated.
I'm sure they'll be out, you know, what else is also interesting about them is I believe all of
them, except maybe Skype, have open APIs. So they ought to be really easy to develop the apps.
Somebody to get in there and do them. So I can't imagine it will be much further after launch if
it's not at launch. So it could be and some are theorizing that maybe they're just going to be
right on the device when you get them. You won't even have to download them. They'll just be free
and on the device waiting for you to use. That'd be nice. Yep. So there you go. All that integration
is going to be there. What do you guys think? I think that Skype specifically is interesting,
of course, because Skype is now a Microsoft product. But, you know, I don't think that
necessarily means that Skype is all things Microsoft and only all things Microsoft at this
point anymore. I just think that's it. And that was probably something planned well before the
purchase of Skype. But what about the rest of this integration? Is this a good thing for the
Vita? Is this a bad thing? Is this a no one really gives a shit type of thing? That's kind of where
I'm at with it is I'm like, well, I guess some of the things are cool. Like if you don't have an
iPhone or an Android or some of the one of the other phone devices that runs all this stuff. But
I mean, I can't really see using Twitter on my PS Vita because, like, how often do I use Twitter
on my Xbox 360? Let me think. Oh, never. I used it once to say, hey, I'm writing a tweet for my
360. I think everybody did now. I think, though, that you would use it a bit more on like a Vita
than you would, say, at 360 because I'm taking it with. I agree. At least at least the Vita's on
the go with you. And it makes more sense for things like four square and so forth. But again,
I own an iPhone. I don't need it in a Vita. Yeah, but I understand not everybody's like me. You
might have a college kid who doesn't really want to pay the amount you have to pay a month to have
an iPhone. So they have, like, a cheaper phone that just gets the calling job done at calling
and texting in the basics. And then, you know, we'll have the Vita to do all this fancier stuff
like the check ins and so forth. Facebook status updates. I'm thinking this also paves the way for,
you know, I don't know this. I don't know how I feel about this in a lot of games, but it will
pave the way for games to automatically post to your Facebook and your Twitter.
I just got to level three. Whoopee. Well, they already have a lot of stuff. I know. Oh,
I know they do, but not as much as I would think. And especially, like, you don't see it in any 3DS
games that I know of. Um, and if they are, they're not first party. There's a DS game. I know that
has that. Okay. Like one DS game, right? You know, there's not, there's not, you don't see it in a
lot of the games right now. Whereas I think including this stuff on the PS Vita kind of
opens the door for more of that stuff. I don't, do people want that? Do people really want that?
Their Twitter to just be filled up with, yay, I unlocked a trophy. Whoopee. I mean, I guess I have
the trophy stuff post to my Facebook, which I kind of show that more as a way to kind of like tell
people what games I'm really into right now without having to put an update. But some of
it's really cumbersome. Like I would not want updates to go up. Like you can have your thing
announced to Facebook every time you download something. And I think that's retarded. I mean,
ridiculous. That's too much. Porn, porn, porn, porn, porn. So yeah. Uh, break man in our chat
room says, can I get a Vita that just plays video games? Can it be cheaper then? Break man also says
fucking Facebook. Can I pay extra to have that not installed? Yikes. No word on Google plus or as we
call it on Hoard House, Google positive. No word if Google positive will be one of the apps that
will be on the PlayStation Vita. All right. Uh, also one of the quick thing I got to say about
the Vita, apparently one other thing that they're saying, every PlayStation Vita game will also be
downloadable to what storage on the PlayStation Vita because there is no storage on the Vita
memory cards. Yeah. Why would I buy, why would I buy the game? Think about this. Not only can you
buy the cartridge version of the game for the same price, you can download it off the internet
and you could buy a memory card to put it on. Why would I do that? That's stupid. Why would you
do that? And no, I guarantee there's not going to be a discount for buying it online. There never is
a fucking discount. Well, what if you're a PlayStation plus subscriber? Maybe you'll get
a discount. Please. Come on. Okay. So I don't know. That's just stupid. But what if, Loki,
what if you have to have the game right now and I'm so fat that I can't fit my car anymore.
So I will not be able to drive to the store to get it, but I have to have the game right now.
Well, that's great. You can also purchase a digital copy that you can't resell. Can't
sell it used again. So, you know, um, and it will cost you more money because you have to buy a
memory card. That's win win. But at least I didn't have to buy the gas to get down to buy. Yeah,
come on. If the gas is that much of a problem for you and you know what you.
I'm sorry, gas is not that expensive yet. It's not going to cost you a gallon of gas to get down
there. And I guarantee that memory card, you know, it's going to be more than a few bucks.
It's probably like, well, tiger claw on our chat saying memory cards are cheap nowadays.
Yeah. Regular memory cards are cheap nowadays, but this is Sony's proprietary memory card.
Just like, you know, Microsoft has their, it's not even really proprietary. It's a proprietary
case that we put a laptop hard drive in that we can charge a lot more money for our memory cards
or, or even how they've gone to the point where they're like, Hey, we got some USB memory cards
that you can use that, you know, I know you can use any thumb drive out there. That's, you know,
really cheap, but ours are $50 for four gigs or whatever was like, come on.
That's like the, uh, three DS or not three DS. I'm sorry. The Nintendo, we SD cards,
you know, the, we will take any SD card, but if you want to get a Nintendo, we SD card
that has the little sticker that says Nintendo, we on it, it costs like twice as much sticker
that says we, by the way, they're just like SanDisk cards or something like that. But
they're actually like another company that makes them obviously. Um, it, it's just,
unless you're getting some sort of discount on it, like it's half the price,
then I see no reason this, which, which Sony may do those kinds of crazy sales online or,
and, and see, I don't understand why they, well, I understand why they have proprietary memory cards
because they don't want people hacking the system, but at the same time, and I was kind of shocked
because I had to buy my mom a camera, a Sony camera, and I'm like, okay. And he's like,
okay, you can pick one of these new memory cards here. And they're like, you know, SDHC cards.
I'm like, wait a second. Uh, don't I have to get a memory stick? No, they stopped using
memory stick a while ago. I'm like, thank God, you know, get with the program using,
you know, common format. Um, so that was kind of cool that they have that, but I don't understand
why they don't take those anyways. Um, on top of their, well, I understand once again, it's
piracy. They're worried about people targeting it. It will still happen. I was gonna say,
how long will that last before it invents a reader or something? It's not even gonna need
a reader. It's just those have USB cables that plug into the computers that you can download
stuff through those cards. So yeah, that'll take a long time. All right, we'll see what happens.
All right. Meanwhile, Dark Sakura has got a story for us. Then we're gonna get to the release dates.
Nintendo says, I'm sorry, my bad. Uh, basically when Xenoblade came out in the UK, if you bought
it in a, if you pre-ordered in a store, you'd get, um, an exclusive classic controller. It was
red and you could get three A1 size posters signed by the developer, but they did not specify that
if you did your pre-orders online, you would not be getting the posters. And they said, oops, if you
previously placed an online pre-order to get these posters sent with your copy of the pre-order
bundle, please get in contact with game or game station using links. Yeah, they've got links on
there. So basically if you're in the UK and you pre-ordered, um, online and wanted your poster and
were under the impression you'd be getting a poster, um, contact the retailer and tell them
that Nintendo sucks. It's just a fucking poster. And it's not even, it's not even personally
signed. It's digitally signed by the developer. So it's basically photoshopped on there. They
did not have their pens out. It's photoshopped. It was, it was the robo pen. It's what it was.
Just like Obama uses to sign pens. Is that the digipen? Well, you know, there's a company,
digipen. It's photoshopped. Oops. So yeah. But still, I mean, I, I, I get it though.
As much as I'm giving these people a hard time for being mad about their posters,
I understand the fact that it is principle and I understand the fact that Nintendo hasn't been
making a lot of smart decisions lately. So why not, you know, kick a little more dirt at them.
And if you pre-ordered online in America, you're just not getting the game.
Exactly. Here's a lovely poster you can have as a parting gift.
All right, let's move on to travel the world and look at some release dates and what's coming out
to a store near you quite soon. Well, I hope this week that you're interested in a certain
Square Enix game called Deus Ex Human Revolution. That'd be coming out on PlayStation 3 and Xbox
360. Also, they have a special edition called the augmented edition. Oh, and also on PC.
Um, I hope you're interested because that's really, that's all that's coming out this week.
That's brand new. However, if you want some cheaper games from Nintendo, they'll be happy
to send you their Wii Selects games, including now, uh, Super Mario Galaxy, Super Paper Mario,
Super Mario Strikers Charged and Punch Out, all for $19.99. That's it. Oh, I'm sorry.
Shimagami Tensei Devil Survivor Overclocked for the 3DS. Although I thought that was coming out
the week after next, but whatever. All right. Well, it sounds like an exciting week in the US.
Let's move to Japan and see how exciting it is over there and their releases. Uh, pretty much
the same story, except they don't even have Deus Ex. They get Dirt 3, uh, this week in Japan on
August the 25th. That's coming out on the Xbox 360. I'm sure we're going to start to see those
Xbox 360 releases get scaled back quite a bit. Uh, on the PlayStation 3 though, they have Dirt 3
as well. I guess this, this is probably the big game. Monster Hunter Portable 3rd HD version
coming out on the PlayStation 3. Wasn't this, this whole PSP game getting remade for the PS3?
Yes. Yes. That is finally hitting the shelves this week. I have a friend who's so psychotic
about that game. I was going to say that that's probably the big thing people are excited about
this week in Japan. Uh, but some people might also be into the Koei games and Sengoku Musou
3 Empires is coming out this week as well. So if you are into that empire, what, this is just
Dynasty Warriors, but the, uh, Samurai Warriors. But this is the, this is the spinoff, uh, that
has more strategic elements, right? Yeah, Empires 3. I think it's, well, Sengoku. I think it's
Samurai Warriors 3. Uh, alrighty. Uh, Empires. No, that would be Romance of the Three Kingdoms.
Oh, maybe it is. Yeah. Uh, that's really it on the PlayStation 3, but I will mention on the
Sony PSP, there's Black Rock Shooter. The game is out this week on the PSP. Uh, there's lots of,
uh, like special additions. One of them comes with this cute little figurine, a little anime,
uh, character dressed in white there. Uh, I kind of like that. It looks like a vinylmation figure
and the game itself. I don't know. I'm looking, just looking at the screenshots. I don't know.
It's kind of like Sin and Punishment slash RPG-ish to me. So that's that. Black Rock Shooter on the
Sony PSP, as well as Mobile Suit Gundam Shin Giren no Yabu, because it's just not a Japanese month
without a new Gundam game. And I believe that is pretty much it for releases. I'm trying to look
at the, uh, 3DS real quick to see if there's anything of note there. Uh, not this week.
So shall we go to Europe? Yep. On the 23rd, we have Call of Dirty Black Ops Resurrection on
Xbox 360. And on the 24th, Hamilton's Great Adventure, Street Fighter III Third Strike,
Tropico IV. Oh, that's, um, and then on the 26th, which is Friday, there's Pac-Man and
Galaga Dimensions, Rugby World Cup 2011, and Deus Ex Human Revolution. Yay!
Sweet. All right. Let's, uh, get a couple more stories in before we get to the classic game of
the week. Loki. Uh, yes. Um, we talked about the new PSP that's coming to Europe that has Wi-Fi
removed. Well, Nintendo not to be outdone by Sony. They're removing some other stuff in the
brand new Wii that is coming out in the UK regions as well. Um, the value Wii for that region, uh,
will be coming out. Uh, they haven't really given a price yet. It's supposed to be cheaper.
Um, it is designed to sit horizontally instead of vertically. And, uh, apparently the GameCube
backwards compatibility, both accessories and games, has been removed. And I guess it'll be
sometime- do out- What a great feature. Do some- do out sometime before Christmas. Uh, it's gonna
include, I guess, a Wii Remote Plus, Nunchuck, Wii Party, and Wii Sports. Wii Party. Wow, that-
that's a throwaway game. They must have had a bunch of extra copies of that. Um,
yeah, fun times. Well, let's be real, though. How many people are still emulating GameCube games?
I can think of- and I know as the minute I said that, the chat room's gonna light up with this.
I can think of one that I play, and that's F0. That's it. All right. And they really just need
to give that a proper wheelies. Fair enough, but here's gonna be the argument, and I'm sure a lot
of people in chat are gonna make this. A lot of games, they have the support for playing with a
GameCube controller. Like, for example, Smash Brothers, or Mario Kart, and that kind of stuff.
And a lot of people prefer the GameCube controller, or Wavebird, or whatever, to the Wii
Remote, you know, steering, and that kind of bullshit that they have. Um, so that's what a lot
of people are probably pissed off about, because they don't want to use the classic controller.
I'll give you that. But, I mean, cutting those ports out of the system probably did-
All they would have to do, all they would have to do is create some sort of Wavebird thing that
plugs, you know, into either wirelessly, or tethered to, you know, the Wii Remote. And boom,
everyone's happy. But the audience that needs something like that is probably not the same
audience that this console's geared at. I mean, this is really about getting the Wiis into homes
that don't already have them, which aren't a lot by now, right? And this is only coming out in
Europe again. It's not, at least they say it's not coming out here. I still say PAX next week
could change a lot of things, but I'll go with it and say that it's only probably coming out in
Europe right now. Yeah. As of right now. So. But yeah, I mean, the GameCube compatibility thing
probably isn't too surprising. Do you think that maybe, you know, since we talked earlier in the
show about hacking and stuff, that they've tried to take measures to combat all that?
Um, no. But here's something interesting, though. They're basically seeing other bundles
will also be forthcoming. And they also got word that the Nintendo will focus on the new Wii
bundles going forward, suggesting it won't coexist with the current model.
So they're going to be removing it out of all of the systems. Hmm. Going forward.
Tiger Claw in our chat says a chat that orange on Twitter dot com live on this Sunday night.
Take a look at that precious Wii and pray it never craps out if it's your only system for
GameCube's games. Otherwise you're screwed unless you actually own the original GameCube.
Don't be surprised if Nintendo rereleases GameCube games on the Wii with Wiimote support and better
graphics. They already did. And they didn't even make better graphics. They just put Wii,
you know, controls in there. Remember new play control stuff that didn't sell very well. That's
why you don't see him anymore. I'm going to go a step further and say when the Wii U virtual
console stuff hits, you're probably going to start seeing some of the GameCube stuff pop up on there.
And then maybe that's why they're starting to try and phase GameCube accessibility out. But
Breakman has a really good point in chat room. And I kind of agree with this. The original GameCube
is one of the sturdiest systems. Yeah. Those game, those GameCubes are kind of hard to break.
I don't, I didn't know anybody that ever had a broken GameCube. Ours has been dropped a couple
of times and it's lived. Yeah. I mean, the game, the GameCube was a pretty rock solid system.
Then again, I've also dropped, you know, Super Nintendo off of a, you know, a large drop and
it lived takes not so much. So anyhow. All right. Well, uh, there you go. I guess a new Wii for the
three people that don't have one yet. Meanwhile, who knows of a game called steel battalion?
I do tell the listeners what steel battalion is. If they've ever heard of it. It's a huge war sim
where you're a Mecca and it had like this huge mungus controller of which we have two now.
Um, and when the controller came out, it was like 300 bucks. It was expensive because the
controller was literally a giant, it was a console panels and switches and the red button. It was
like what you would see inside an actual Mac. It was pretty crazy. It was, it was crazy go nuts.
Well, there is a new steel battalion game coming out called heavy armor. It's a connect based game.
So I don't think they're going to be having that huge console anymore. Cause I guess they can do
this all through connect. Uh, a new trailer was announced or a new trailer was shown this week,
along with a little fact sheet. Um, apparently you will be able to use connect and the standard
X-Box three 60 controller. The controller will be used for movement, aiming and firing,
but the connect camera will use upper body gestures that you can use to start the engine,
use a turret gun, use the scope. You can communicate verbally with the crew members.
If you want as well. They talk specifically in the release about high fives. So it sounds like
they're bringing all these buttons and things that do stuff into a whole new realm, which sounds
funny to me. I don't know. I think it's going to be fun, but honestly the fun I think of the
original was you had all the buttons and all the neat little stuff to push. My favorite was the
eject button. I like to just push that button for fun. But it was the fact that you, it was
instead of, you know, moving your hand or doing something, you got to push the damn button.
You know, wasn't that the fun of it that you had the whole console there. That's true. I do like
to push buttons. You know, they need to release a peripheral for the connect. That's just a,
a board with buttons on it that I can push. Bubble wrap the game.
Oh, wait, wait, wait. I don't need buttons anymore. Cause I have the connect and that's,
that's what it's all about. I like my buttons. I like the buttons. I want to push the red one.
All right, let's get to the classic game of the week. Every week here on the program,
dark soccer dives into the gaming vault and says, Hey, back in my day, we pushed a lot of buttons
and you're going to be pushing my buttons. If you don't try this game, it's the classic game
of the week. Dark soccer. Excuse me. What'd you pick as the classic game of the week?
The classic game of the week is midnight resistance. Woo. And we can all thank Dan
for this. Cause I was like, Dan, help me think of a game. Uh, midnight resistance. Okay. So it is
a side scrolling action shooting game that data East put out in the arcade in 1989 and came out
on the mega drive. Also known as the Genesis in 1990, it was put up by ocean software in us.
Yes. It is in the future where everything sucks. And you're a member of resistance, uh,
movement dude who, uh, has to rescue his family from a mad scientist before he turns them into
donkeys or something. Not really. Anyway, basically it's Contra, but not, yeah, it's
Contra, but not. And you could do two players simultaneous. Nontra. Okay. That's what Loki said
without talking into his mic. Um, but anyway, it had a rotatable joystick. That's like the one used
in Ikari warriors, which is why this is a hard game to emulate unless you've got an arcade
controller. Um, at any rate, you also had your shoots and jumps and your, uh, you know, you
would use your little dial to adjust your aim as you went along. Um, so, uh, you could keep moving
in direction, but change your aim. It was pretty neat. And it had a power up system that was like
an, uh, heavy barrel, which was also a data East game where you would collect keys, um, after
defeating enemies and like you get six keys at a time, and then you can enter a weapon storage
and pick out different weapons and power ups and stuff. Um, your main weapons that you could get
were, uh, you, you could replace your default rifle with, um, backpack weapons that are launched.
So you'd actually push the joystick and press the shoot button to do it at the same time. Um, you
knew different special guns. You had a supercharged upgrade that would increase your firepower
and a barrier that gives you invincibility temporarily and extra lives. There's nine
stages with different obstacles. And right before the final stages, you, um, use your keys. Um,
but you'd have to battle the Crimson King. And the ending depends on how many of your family
members you rescued. Uh, when it came out for home, uh, like I said, it was published by, uh,
Data East, um, for, uh, the Mega Drive in Japan. And it's very close to the arcade version, except
of course the controllers, since, you know, it's just a Genesis pad, you couldn't have the rotatable
things. So you had four different, uh, button configurations. Um, your default controllers will
let you, um, move with the, the D-pad and hold your own steady by holding B. And then, um, you'd
actually would just heal keep moving. It's, and it was only one player, two on top of that. Uh,
further versions that came out, there was, um, and this was, like I said, by Ocean Software,
the Commodore 64. Fuck yes. I had a feeling that you were familiar with this game. How in the fuck
you did this game on the Commodore 64? I have no idea. I've got, can I look up a YouTube of that?
I got to see this on the 64. There's the ZX Spectrum, the Amstrad CPC, Commodore Amiga,
and the Atari ST. Um, some development done by Special FX. And actually one thing, um,
Rob, is that this is, uh, listed as one of the greatest games ever made for that system.
Actually, this doesn't look too terrible. I mean, for a Commodore 64 game and I caught, I love,
love, love the Commodore 64 music. Listen to the music on the C64.
Oh, of course now it changed. Hold on, let me go back a little bit.
Go back and play the, um, previous one.
Oh, the actual music? Yeah, just to compare. Sure, sure. Let me, uh, jump in here.
So you see, it's, it's, I think pretty playful. Yeah, yeah.
Um, oh, for the Spectrum, by the way, it was completely redesigned and done really cartoony.
And, uh, it had a push screen scrolling and very few colors, but it's considered to be one of the
best games on the system. And that's it. That's Midnight Resistance. All right. There it is,
your classic game of the week, Midnight Resistance for the, what system specifically? Arcade? I'm
talking about arcade, but we'll also include the home releases. All right. So the arcade slash
Mega Drive slash C64 slash other stuff, a bunch of British systems. All right. There you go. Uh,
your classic game of the week. Good pick. I, I've actually not heard of that game, but it looks kind
of interesting. So, and here I thought I knew every game that was on the Commodore 64. That's
what I thought that you would be very interested because I mean, it's lauded as one of the best
games for the Commodore 64. Well, every fucking game that was released in the eighties and the
arcades came out on the Commodore 64 at some point, but there was, there was a lot of games
on Commodore 64. I'm telling you. All right. Uh, we're gonna take a quick break guys, but we'll be
back with more of Orange Lounge Radio after this. Stay tuned. Of course, we've got more information
on VidRhythm, Harmonix's next project we're gonna talk about in the next segment, uh, as well as
Diablo 3 and some of the rumors with that. And then of course your calls, your tweets,
and much more when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio. We are live on this Sunday evening,
August the 21st of 2011 with episode number 425 of our show. And unfortunately I can't play it
during the podcast because it's a licensed music, but the live folks got to hear a little song from
Luminous back in the, uh, PSP days. And that first came out. One of its strongest launch titles was
the puzzler game Luminous and we played the song Shinin, uh, from that game. And very excited to
hear that, uh, apparently Luminous is going to be getting a version on the PlayStation Vita as well.
I sort of thought that franchise was kind of done for after the 360 and PlayStation 3 ones,
but it sounds like maybe not. So I don't know about you guys, but I think that's pretty awesome.
I don't know what else they'll be able to kind of do with the franchise. I mean,
but you never know. I liked Luminous 2 a lot. A lot of people didn't care for it, but I loved it.
Um, because it had a lot of the licensed music and that's exactly why a lot of people didn't like it,
but I thought it was cool. Like, I'm sorry. I thought Hollaback Girl was kind of funny
to play in Luminous. I really liked, uh, well, I had a Missy Elliott song and a Beck song and
the first one we start. I really, my favorite though is still the first one. Yeah. Like I can,
you know, that's fair, but it's probably better. Both of them are probably better than the Xbox one
in my opinion. It's just the controller on the Xbox too is so, it's rough. Still surprised to
this day. They have never tried to really correct the Xbox 360 D pad in this country anyway.
Other than selling it as a premium monochrome controller that, you know, wasn't that only
available in Europe or in butt green? Really? It wasn't really. They still sell it today.
Really? It's more expensive than the regular controller. Of course. Of course. All right,
well, let's get into some rapid fire news. Some quick, quick news stories for you guys
and we're going to cover quite a bit here. Loki. Hey, guess what? Nintendo announced the launch
of their largest title for the Wii, um, maybe even to date. Legend of Zelda Skyward Sword will
be out in North America November 20th. So you can mark that down. I guess that is holiday.
And of course it will require motion plus, which, you know, God, by now you probably have
something that's motion plus. Actually, I still don't have a motion plus. Is that sad? Well,
you aren't going to play the game then. Go buy Wii Party Motion or something like that.
Get free crappy game with Thermo. This is kind of cool. There's some portal turrets coming to
Bastion on Steam. Really? Yes. Apparently they've got some cool stuff. There's a quest
exclusive for the Steam version of Bastion where the kid uses a gel canister marked with the
Aperture Science logo that contains a vicious substance of unknown origin. And if, um, you use
that, uh, friendly portal turrets, uh, will come into battle and they will shoot enemies for you.
Bobby actually sent me a YouTube of this earlier in the night. So, um, let me,
I don't know if this is going to have narration in it. Let me try to play this YouTube.
But who are we to judge? That's the narrator. So let's see. Not every squirt's born bad.
Some spring to the kid's defense. Judging by the mood of the cage, it's going to take a little
while. Oh yeah, there's the turrets. Are they talking? Yeah.
That's fantastic. Yeah, that's not in the 360 version.
Oh yeah, they're talking. That's cool.
Scumbags don't take.
Now they're all over on this screen. That's pretty cool.
Uh, I think they're kind of attaching different parts of the game together.
The music's great in this game. I like this game. It's part of the reason I'm
pissed my Xbox guy hacked. So I'd like to be playing this right now. It's pretty cool.
There you go.
Clip from Bastion plus portal. So yeah, um, you can check it out if you download the game.
And then, um, of course, one of the things that people want to see when a 3d console comes out is
boobs. Where are we talking about this just last week? Starting, I was talking about 3d websites
and how they need websites with boobs is like, I remember talking about this and Bobby said he
was going to go make the website. Even it was like 3d boobies.com or something. I remember
what we called it. I swear this came up like last week on the show. Well, apparently, uh,
the half minute hero designer, uh, Kenny Chiro, uh, Takaki, um, he is set out to create a 3ds game,
uh, based on, I guess, uh, I don't know if it's an anime or whatever, but anyways, it's called
Senran, uh, Kaguru or Kuruura. I'm sorry. And it's basically female ninjas with giant breasts.
And, uh, the game will be on sale in Japan, September 22nd. Don't plan on seeing that coming
out over here, but, uh, yeah. Uh, they've got a trailer for it. It's, um, it doesn't really show
too much. I mean, it's just kind of this anime intro thing. And then, um, you know, lots of
innuendo, like all of them sucking on stuff right now and, and large boobs. And she's pulling out
boobs and she's pulling out stuff from her boobs and yeah. Lots of breasts. Oh, and panty shot.
You say this like it's a bad thing. I mean, this is really what people want a 3ds for, right?
It's, I think it's welcomed. All right. Let's move on to some other news. This has to do with
a game coming to PlayStation network. It's a revival of an old arcade game. Elevator
action deluxe. Yes. Uh, apparently, uh, there's a new PlayStation network version. It's an HD
update of the old game. Uh, you know, I don't know if you've ever played this game. If you have,
you know, the original elevator deluxe, look up some of the clips on YouTube. I know it was on
the NES. It was very popular back in the day. So I'm sure you guys probably will recognize this
when you see some YouTube's of it. Uh, but the new version on PlayStation network, of course,
not just an HD, you know, upgrade and so forth, but there's going to be new, new weapons, um,
faster elevators, uh, multiplayer modes that are available offline, including deathmatch
and other competitive modes. So that'll be kind of neat, I guess, $10 for that. I don't know. I
always kind of thought elevator action was overrated. I did not think it was that great
of a game as far as like classic games go. I think it's one of the, uh, ones that's blown way
out of proportion, but whatever. I know some people are really into it. So will they pay $10
to revisit it? Who knows? Rockband is going to be adding some stuff from the red hot chili peppers,
and that is all coming on August 30th. Uh, I guess the, the pack is called the I'm with the
chili peppers pack because the new album is called I'm with you. Uh, some of the songs that are in
this pack. Well, why not? I'll just do all the songs, by the way, Californication, uh,
look around monarchy of roses, other side, parallel universe, scar tissue, and the adventures
of rain dance Maggie. Uh, of course the usual rock band pricing of dollar 99 on the Xbox 360
or PlayStation three, August 30th, as soon as come out, keep in mind, if the red hot chili pepper
song you were hoping for wasn't in that list, there's already quite a few in the main game. So,
uh, you'd better check the master song lists on the Xbox three sixties, uh, the S models.
If you don't have one of these yet, but you're thinking about getting one in the near future,
they're going to be changing the finish. Like for instance, Loki happens to have one here in
the studio, so I can see that it's got a very glossy look to it. You know, you can kind of
see my own reflection in it that is going away. There's going to be, what's called a matte black
will be, uh, apparently the matte black ones are the four gig systems now, but they're going to be
for all of them soon. So probably a cost saving thing, whatever. I don't think most of these sit
inside your shelves anywhere where you can't even see the matte blacks probably better. Anyway,
something picks up fingerprints, like yeah, probably won't stick, stick the fingerprints
as well and all that. So whatever, uh, those will be making their way to retailers over the coming
weeks. And certainly if you're getting one of these for the holiday, you'll probably have one
of those with the matte finish. All right. Uh, Dark Soccer, what do you have for us?
Stuff. Mega Man X2 actually has been given an ESRB rating for the Wii. So meaning that we
should have it on the virtual console at some point and it's E for everyone. Aww. You know,
that's the one that has the Shoryuken in it, right? And, um, for 3DS, Tekken 3D Prime Edition
is actually going to come with, uh, apparently it's going to come with Blood Vengeance,
which is, uh, that movie. It's going to be, uh, included, um, on the cartridge. So that sounds
like it'll be cool. So you're actually going to be watching something and it's part of the PS3
bundle for the record, which I really want to see it. And then last but not least, Little Big Planet
2 Move Pack. Here's what's going to be in it. It has a brand new story for Little Big Planet 2
called The Rise of the Cakling. Five levels, seven minigames, two cutscenes, a new powerup for
Sackboy called the Brain Crane, three move gadgets, the movinator, the move recorder, and the paint
tool, four interactive music tracks, eight music sequencer tracks, a new sound object containing
32 new sounds, 17 new music sequencer instruments, a new level background, six new costumes,
18 materials, 41 decorations, 31 objects, 66 stickers, 39 new Little Big Planet pins,
11 brand new PlayStation trophies, and a partridge in a pear tree. No price yet,
but it will be out on September 14th. I still need to buy Little Big Planet 2. Isn't that sad?
I think I'm going to keep waiting. I keep holding out for like a price reduction. Like
Loki, you do the retail thing. Do you think there'll be like a one that has the move crap
bundled in with it for like a cheaper price? They'll do probably, well, they did with the
first one, a game of the year edition. Yes, that's what I'm waiting for.
I don't think that's going to happen this year though, because
it's, last one came a year after the first one came out and I believe, what's the Little Big
Planet 2, was that this year? That was January, I think. What's that last year? It was, I think
it had been pushed to this year. It was this year. Early this year. So yeah, I don't think
that we're going to see that any cheaper. I mean, it may price drop a little bit, but
it'll be a while. All right, fine.
Probably when they have some more content packs for it.
Fine. All right. Well, let's move on. We're going to get back into some longer news and
pretty soon the Skype line. But first I want to make sure I get at least one more plug in,
because we might be starting this segment when we get back. It depends if I can get this
particular people on the show or not. But we are, again, trying very hard to feature
indie games on the show and are hoping to begin that around the Labor Day show, which will be,
of course, the show when we get back. If you are an indie developer yourself or you know someone
who's an indie developer who needs help getting the word out on the game and you think the game
is unique and special and needs a little help standing out in the Xbox Live Marketplace,
since Microsoft won't help you, we will. Or even if it's an iOS game or a PC game or wherever it is,
drop me an email, Rob at OrangeLaunchRadio.com. That's me personally. Or you can always email
the show if you'd rather. Mailbag at OrangeLaunchRadio.com and we will try to get to your
game to feature it as an indie game on the show. And even if we don't get a lot of bite on that,
we're probably just going to start the spotlights very soon. So look forward to that. All right.
Meanwhile, let's get into some longer news. Oh, other plugs. I forgot to plug the other stuff.
I already plugged Girls Gone Wow at the top of the show. I'm on it this week.
If you do like Warcraft and like one show is not enough for you this week,
please check out Horde House. HordeHouse.com, the best little Horde House in Azeroth. That's a show
that my buddy Extfer and I do about Warcraft every week. Dark Sakura will be back with the
second podcast hopefully very soon. Something I'm joining her with. Yes. Again, Labor Day-ish
once all this stuff settles because there's a lot going on personal life for Jamie and Dan
right now. So real life is intruding violently. We had to delay it a little bit, but it's still
on the radar. So sorry. We keep announcing. We've been announcing that for like six weeks now, but
things happen. But we've got like show roles and everything and stuff ready. I know. I know. We're,
we, we know what we're doing. We're ready to go. It's just a matter of doing it. So,
all right. Let's move on. Let's get into some longer news. Loki.
This is kind of creepy and interesting at the same time. I guess GameStop has been testing
a console streaming service. Right now, they're hoping to have a beta in place by the end of this
year. And right now, I mean, this should be a huge surprise because they bought a company called
Spawn Labs, which they had their own game streaming box. Basically, this would stream
console games. So Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 games to smart devices and dedicated hardware.
And they're also tinkering with PC game streaming as well. I don't know. That's kind of creepy.
I guess there'll be a, this will be a service for people that are, you know, GameStop power up
rewards members and that demos will be provided. And of course, the rest of the stuff, including
pricing, is not known. And it's, they're expected to have a full rollout by early next year. And,
um, or more, I guess more details about early next year and full rollout by middle of 2012.
It's interesting. Eh, I don't care because it's GameStop and I already told you my feelings on
them a few weeks ago. And if you missed that whole little rant, I am boycotting them because
I think they're a shitty company. So I kind of don't care about this whole thing. However,
I will say, let me, let me think of something nice I could say about this.
Competition is healthy. And so these sort, these, uh, places like OnLive and so forth that are
already offering something very similar, right? Uh, the competition is a healthy thing.
Uh, this is GameStop you're talking about. This is the monkey that's in, you know, the corner,
basically the elephant in the room there. They're the biggest monkey in the corner throwing poo at
itself. Yes, whatever. They're the biggest retailer for video games out there in the
marketplace right now. They dictate to publishers what they do. Um, so I don't know if it's a
comfortable thing to have them in this game streaming marketplace. Cause what you're going
to get then is, Oh, this game's gonna be exclusive to our service. This game's gonna be exclusive to
our service, you know, and so on and so forth. You're gonna get into that kind of crap because
they're like, well, we're not going to sell your game in store if you don't put it on our service.
That's what's going to be coming. So all those gonna be disgusting.
And that, that, by the way, that right there, just add that to the list of why I boys, I'm like,
if you are new to OLR and you know, I know we have a lot of people that like work at GameStops
and stuff like that. My beef is not with the workers. You guys, you guys have a thankless
job and I respect what you've got to do, what you got to do to pay the bills. My problem is
with the management of the company. If you need, uh, information about what that all entails,
look at what Loki just said, because that will probably be reality. Cause that, that's,
I mean, when it comes down to, you know, dictating, I mean, perfect example, you know,
there'll be games that come out that are street dated. Earth Defense Force, for example, you know,
and Earth Defense Force was supposed to come out on Tuesday in July. All right. D3, they fucked up.
They accidentally printed, you know, a date on the box that didn't coincide with that date that was
on the actual packaging and what they've been communicated to all the different stores. So,
whereas a regular store would go, hey, wait a second, you know, this date was wrong. And,
you know, they would contact D3 and D3 are like, oh yeah, that was a misprint. The street date is
still, you know, the day we stated GameStop said, hey, you printed a different date on here that
happens to be earlier. We're going to use that date and you don't want us to put it out. Well,
fuck you. We're just going to put it out anyways. And even though that information wasn't
communicated to all the other retailers out there, ah, fuck them. We're GameStop. We're going to put
it out anyways because you put a date on here and we're hearing to the date that you put on this,
even though it is a misprint. That's the type of company GameStop is. They will do whatever
cutthroat thing they need to do to be on top. So, if you like all the streaming services like
OnLive and stuff, well, I hope they survive. Kaijuto in chat says, why all the GameStop hate?
All they do is sell us games and they've been made buying games easier for people like me who
don't like to shop online. Remember the 80s and how much Toys R Us and mom and pop shops would
sell games an arm and a leg, 90 plus dollars. Again, I have to defer back to my earlier rant
that would have been about three or four weeks ago because I really don't want to get into it again.
But there's plenty of other options, plenty of other options. So, that's all I'm going to say
about that for now. I don't want to make things easier. I'm sorry. I mean, well, you know that
there's games sold at that store. You can buy games anywhere nowadays. I understand the allure
of retail versus buying things online. I mean, that's why, I mean, why hasn't every mall in
America closed if we can just buy our crap online? Because some people want to go see it. Like,
clothing stores are never going to be replaced with online clothing stores because let's face
it, some people need to try it on first, you know. That's just, this is a matter of fact. And with
game shopping, it's kind of a very similar story. Some people need to try it on first and, you know,
game kiosks and so forth let you do that. Ask questions which you can't do online and so on
and so forth. I'm just saying there's plenty of other retail options. GameStop as a company has
done some things to people I know that I don't like and I'm not going to support them. My choice.
And you're perfectly justified, I think. I agree.
Yep. So, let's move on to happier news, shall we? Let's talk about VidRhythm. VidRhythm is
Harmonix's new video game franchise, music franchise. And a lot of people were saying,
ooh, maybe this will be like when they heard the title because we heard the title because of a
trademark or application or one of those things before. And a lot of people were hoping, ooh,
maybe it's like a new frequency or amplitude or something like that, like VidRhythm, like videos
and stuff. Well, it turns out that the game has been announced for iOS. In a Gamasutra interview
with Alex Rogopoulos, who's the Harmonix head honcho, he says that it's for the iOS and it's
more of an app than a game. Quote, we think there are a lot of creative opportunities with
smartphones that we haven't really been able to focus on yet. So, we're looking forward to doing
more in that space. Hmm. So, it sounds like this may have something to do more so than just a game.
Maybe it has something to do with location. Maybe it has something to do with pictures or videos
that the phones can do now. Who knows? It could be interesting. I have no idea. I mean, a statement
like that could really go anywhere. Like, I don't know if it's just CEO speak blowing smoke up my
ass that they're doing something new when they're really not. It's just their take on something.
But then I go, but it's Harmonix. And Harmonix, they kind of have, I mean, Rock Band and keep in
mind, they made the original Guitar Hero with Red Octane. You know, that really was kind of
something new. And I know there's going to be the people that are like, but Guitar Freaks,
Guitar Freaks. Well, I'm sorry. They took the risk of making that more mainstream for America
that Konami refused to do time and time again. That's why Harmonix succeeded here because they
did what Konami refused to do. So, Harmonix does what Konami don't. Something like that,
but let's face it. We're, you know, we're long past that. That, that whole stuff is years old.
So now it's about what is VidRhythm. So I don't know. I VidRhythm, I don't know. I see in my mind
that when he talks about, we're trying to do things to smartphones that haven't been done,
like maybe it has something to do with location or like picture. I don't know why pictures keep
coming to my mind, but maybe somehow it has to do with pictures on your phone, get incorporated
into the game. I don't know, but that alone sounds really cheesy. So I don't know. I guess we'll see
more when the demo is out or what happens with it. Of course, if it's iOS, then it'll be one of
those things where they'll just be like, oh, it's coming out whenever Apple pushes it to the store,
which could be like tomorrow. So we'll see. All right, let's move on to the mailbag. Every week,
Dark Sakura dives into the mailbag head first and pulls out some emails that she thinks, hey,
I should read this on the air. Mailbag at OrangeLaunchRadio.com.
You want to know what sucks? What?
Is that, um, the window I had the mailbag open in, um, it was closed. Sorry. Hold on. Let me
reopen it. You better open that shit real fast. All right. I guess I can plug Twitter again real
quick at the end of the show. Cause we'll be doing your Twitter topics, twitter.com slash O L R.
We will be doing the Skype line later. The 800 number is back tonight. Thank you very much.
So, uh, wait for that. All right, here they are. You ready? No, I want to talk more.
Um, and by the way, I'm not going to call you person. Hey guys, thanks for the show,
particularly to Rob for posting the podcast to the feed as quick as he's doing.
It really makes a difference for those of us who are unable to listen live. At the top of the show,
there was some angst about having mobile games that just aren't optimized for various,
for the various devices they're available for. I just want to chime in with my two cents and let
you know that this is one area where Android does it better than iOS because developers can
actually segment their apps and create install packages for each group of devices they want to
offer their app for whether by OS version or hardware. So they can assure that that gamers
get the best experience they can. Best of all, I only purchased the apps once and can install it
on every device I have fully optimized. Finally, with it being an open platform, there's a bunch
of great apps for gamers who like me prefer a physical game pad, even going so far as to use a
wiimote for our games for free. A first person shooter on my zoom with the moat and nunchuck over
Bluetooth is great for traveling. I am not eagerly awaiting the inevitable update that will bring
Google plus games to Android tablets and phones. Life will be sweet when that hits. Grats again
from a plane somewhere over the great horchata filled country of Mexico sent from my zoom.
Oh my God, I haven't had an horchata in forever. I know a place that's open late that has them so
good. But from thine eyes, my knowledge I derive, which is a Shakespeare quote. He put it on there.
And that is from, um, I'm going to say Dr. Noir. Did I miss, did I miss a question in there? I
thought I heard a question about what we were talking about on that top of last week's show
about the mobile games. Um, or was it just a statement? A statement. Okay, my bad. The
Android's better. Whatever. I'm glad you think so. Last one, which is the only one. Hey, OLR,
SonicM88 here with another question for you. Wonderful folks. No. 42. Alright, fine. I'm
considering buying a few of my favorite games as downloadable games on Xbox via the games on demand
service. I'm very lazy and can totally justify the purchase because my biggest problem currently is
getting off my ass to change games. First world problems. Right? Here's the problem though. I
remember hearing stories a while back about a Tom Clancy game not being fully compatible with
multiplayer. Apparently the physical version was unable to play online multiplayer with the games
on demand downloadable version. In the Xbox marketplace, all I know of the games say is that
they don't support online multiplayer whatsoever. However, I know that's not true since I have a
friend who owns Gears of War downloadable and he claims it's completely compatible. So I want to
know if there's any website you guys know about where I can find the compatibility of these games.
Thanks guys. Try Wikipedia. Or actually I'm gonna say the official Xbox forums because when shit
like that is broken, you will hear the angry gamers and complaints on the official Xbox forum.
So all you have to do is read through one of those. I vaguely remember what you're talking
about. I want to say that was fixed though. I think they did do some type of patch. I don't
think Microsoft is intentionally leaving that shit out. But let's face it, the games on demand service
is pretty lazy. All they're doing is they're, they're kind of doing what I talked about at the
top of the show with the Wii hack. You can load the things, you load the disc into an image and
Microsoft's basically selling you that image. And it is literally the, when you take the disc and
install it to your hard drive on your 360, it's literally that image that they're selling you. But
which is fine. It's legit. It's not piracy. It's through their store. It's fine. But that's,
you know, essentially they don't do the extensive quality checks that are done when a game is first
released. Let's put it that way. They might do some minimal quality checks, but you know,
very minimal as you can see by that little story there. But those sort of instances should be few
and far between. To the best of my knowledge, those games are supposed to be playable online.
They're supposed to be just like copies of the regular games. It's not supposed to be anything
crazy or something Microsoft's locking you out of. But I will say this, you know, if you know,
it's your money. Spend it how you want. If downloading the game so you don't have to get
up and put a disc in is that important to you, then fine. Do it. But just don't be afraid to
shop smart too. And what I mean by that is don't assume that the price you see on Xbox downloadable
is necessarily the cheapest. What's more important to you? Getting up off the couch to change the
disc or getting it cheapest. You know, because you might be able to find a used copy on eBay
really cheap or possibly you could even find Amazon is having a sale or Best Buy is having
a sale. Best Buy had a great Kinect sale a couple of months ago where it was like buy one, get one
free. So, you know, always be on the lookout for things like that. I'm just going to buy. Tell me
about that. You know, but at the end of the day, again, it's your money. Spend it how you want.
And certainly I've downloaded my share of download games. Granted, that's mostly the arcade stuff.
But let me I will say this. When I had swine flu back in 09, I did. I had swine flows out of work
for nine days. I downloaded a game digitally because I was not allowed to leave my house
for my doctor. So I think in that case, I might have a legitimate reason for having done that,
you know, and I downloaded I remember I would have left my house anyway. It was it was 32nd
Hero on the P.S.P. to as many people or half minute hero, whatever it was. So yeah, who cares
about coworkers? All right. I think it's actually pretty funny. And just to make a quick mention
is that that's actually like where the source of most illness is, is from the workplace.
You know, since I have not been working, Rob, I've only been sick, like really sick once.
Yeah, I know. It's crazy. Quarantined here in the safety of my home.
All right. Let's move on. Since that was the end of the email bag, right?
Yes, it was. We need more emails. Two, two emails. That was,
that was a sad showing. If I get ten emails next week,
Rob has to get me an Orchata. I'm not going to do shit.
Okay. Well, that's because you're not here. And the week after, if we have ten emails the week
after, then I will get Rob an Orchata. Okay, now we're talking.
And then Rob will get me an Orchata. Okay. Ten emails means Orchata trading
happens. Yes.
Actually, it'll just be Mexican drink night here at Orange Lounge Radio.
You can get a Tamarindo. I'll go get some Jarritos.
And I will get Orchata and then we can have some, what's that, apple soda?
That's what I'm thinking of, I think. No, the Jarritos makes the tamarind soda.
Yeah. And they have,
I think the same company makes an apple soda and they have like a lime soda.
And we'll go to Target and get. And they have a sangria.
We'll go to Target and we'll get the Coke that's actually from Mexico
that has like the real sugar in it. And it's kosher.
Passover. There you go. So,
and then, then we'll drink lots of tequila. So, ten emails for Mexican drink night at,
for a fiesta in studio here at Orange Lounge Radio. All right.
We got to get to the FUs of the week. Every week on the show we get a little bit angsty
and we have to share our angst with you all. Why? Because we can.
FU to Northrend. First world problems.
Uh, Loki. Uh, FVDAC Vision for putting on a game called
Skylanders Spyro's Adventure. Skylanders is, first off, a really terrible Spyro game.
Just Spyro isn't what he used to be. I mean, come on.
But to make things more complicated, they're trying to make this game like
the must have item for Christmas. So, it's got toys with it. Thirty different collectible toys.
All different things at the set up. Different three packs of toys.
Different adventure sets of toys. And they're like, oh, well, it's like download content,
but it's physical. You know what these download content or physical download content pieces cost?
Eight dollars. Eight dollars for a toy that does nothing. It is literally a figurine is about
two inches tall. It does nothing. It doesn't move. It doesn't do anything other than activate
activated character in a game. So, why kids would buy that or parents would buy that instead of,
I don't know, a Mario game or I don't know, any other toy out there on the market is beyond me.
And on top of all that, they want to sell this thing starting off at $70. $70 for a Wii game,
PS3 game, 360 game, because it comes with some bullshit toys that weren't really toys.
What would you like to see sell more? Tickle Me Elmo or this thing?
Anything. Anything other than this. And you know what? I predict right now that this is going to
be as big of a failure as Tony Hawk Shred, Tony Hawk Ride, and sadly enough, DJ Hero 2.
So, meaning like a year and a half later, I'll be able to get them for $10?
Oh, yes. Yes. I really wish I could have gotten some of those Renegade or the
bundles with all the stuff. You know what's even better with that stuff? Flip it on fucking eBay.
For, you know, you can make more than $10 off that. Hell, you know what you could do with that
kind of stuff? If you got, you know, the extra turntables and stuff? You could flip it to Game
Stop and make more than $10 off of that if you really wanted to go that route. But I mean,
that's just money in the bag right there. But yes, it will not sell very well. Because you know
why? Because there's a lot of kids games coming out this holiday and, you know, with Mario and
stuff on the 3DS and on the console systems, everything else in Call of Duty, no one's gonna
give a shit about Spyro, a character that was popular 10 years ago. I think we have some Spyro
fans in chat. I've seen them before, but it is still a big buy-in to ask of them. I understand
that you may be Spyro fans, but take a look at the new Spyro. This is not Spyro from 10 years ago.
This is like, we made Spyro angry and emo, is what it is. It's just cashing in on the Spyro
franchise. That's why it's Skylanders Spyro Adventures. It's not Spyro blah, blah, blah.
It's Skylanders with Spyro, basically. You done? I'm done. Oh, finally. All right, uh,
my view of the week goes to Peanut Butter Pinkberry, because you guys, it's so good. Like,
they do one where they put strawberry jam on it and toasted bread crumbs, and oh my God,
oh my God, it's so good. But here's why I give it an FU, because, well, A, it's good,
and B, it's not non-fat or low-fat. Every other flavor in Pinkberry's history has been like
non-fat or low-fat, but this one? Extra fat. Extra fat. Seven grams of fat a serving, which,
you know, ice cream's worse, but still, that's a little disappointing. Special occasions only.
I know, this is a real problem, right? All right, there it is, FUs of the Week. More news stories
for you guys, and then the Skype line is about five stories away. So Ubisoft is apparently
trying to pull a THQ and put out a tablet peripheral for, I guess, the Wii. It looks
like it's supposed to be for the Wii. It's a, right now they're kind of a, it's a work in
progress thing, a project in touch, and they have an internal marketing video that's been
found leaked out there. Basically, they have some sort of a tablet that's gonna be used to
play games and stuff. It's basically all the same stuff that you see right now with the UDraw.
I don't know. It's interesting, I guess. I don't know, UDraw's doing all right,
but I don't know if there's really room on the market for multiple tablet peripherals.
I was gonna say, UDraw's done quite well for a third-party peripheral. Usually those don't do
too hot. I mean, the last, you know, well, okay, you got a Guitar Hero and that whole thing did
well. DDR pads did pretty good, but you know, there's a lot of peripherals that come out the
tank too, like the skateboard thing. That tank's pretty hardcore. Yeah, unfortunately.
So it's hard to convince people to buy more plastic shit and a hundred dollar skateboard
for a game that, you know, it's really going to be the only game that's going to support it,
or two games. So why is UDraw succeeded and where this one is trying to get some of this
success? Well, UDraw succeeded because they've got a lot of different games that come out for it.
Right now they have, I think it's about five games right now that support it, and there's a lot more
coming out this fall. Plus there's going to be more UDraw stuff on other systems. You get it on
the Playstation 3 and 360 as well this year. And on top of that, besides the licensed stuff that
THQ's done, like with Spongebob and their Marvel stuff, they've got now licenses from other
companies like Disney Princess stuff. And actually there's going to be a Mickey drawing program or
something like that. Disney animation program. Gosh, that sounds like fun. That would be kind
of cool. So, you know, they're getting other companies to support this kind of thing. So
Ubisoft, I'm sure if you played your cards right and talked to THQ, they would probably let you
make a game for, you know, the UDraw tablet. Save yourself a whole bunch of time. Instead,
you're going to put out this other peripheral. Now why would they do that? Why would they do
that? Exactly. Why would you concede to another company to make it a lot easier for yourself when
you can just make something that'll fail on your own? And you can just fucking steamroll with all
your franchises. Yeah. Well, why would we bother publishing with the UDraw when we can make our
own and take the market from UDraw? It's just, I don't think there's really going to be a market
for it, but we'll see. Whatever. They've tried to think outside the box with different stuff.
I mean, remember, it was the last E3, they had a bunch of games that weren't really games. Like,
they had some sort of relaxation program or something like that where you basically...
It was basically the... What was it? The... That stupid Wii peripheral that they had that they
never put out. I don't remember the hell it was. The Vitality Sensor. It was basically the Vitality
Sensor but on the PC. And they had that come out and they had some laser tag game come out that
wasn't really a game. It was just something ran on the PC that... It was basically laser tag a toy.
And they had one other thing that was kind of along the lines of that. But yeah, they're
definitely trying some unique stuff over there at Ubisoft. All right. Well, we'll see if it
works for them. I don't know. I think flooding the market with too much of this similar shit
is going to end up being a bad thing, but we'll see. Anyhow, there's been rumors going around
forever that Diablo 3, big PC release coming out later this year, big rumor for the longest time
that it'll probably end up on consoles as well. Well, let's just fan the flames of that fire
because during a Gamescom press conference this week, Josh Mosquera, who's the lead designer
behind Diablo 3, said that Blizzard is, quote, very, very serious about bringing the Diablo 3 experience
to the console. The company is, quote, trying to build the best console team at Blizzard.
Now, they're not saying what game they're working on, but you can expect it's probably Diablo or
it's the new MMO. You know, that would be ironic if that was the case because, you know, in Diablo 3,
don't you have to be connected to the internet the whole time to play the game? Yes. But the
console version, you probably wouldn't have to be. That's maybe or maybe not true. That could be
a sticking point for why it's not on the consoles right now. I would think that whole real money
trade auction house is what's holding things up, especially when it comes to Xbox 360. I could not
see that shit flying on the 360 without Microsoft getting a cut of that somehow. Although, then again,
to have Diablo 3 on their console would be a pretty big score for them. It would have to be online
only, and if not, that thing would get hacked apart. Maybe they're gonna keep it separate from
the PC one somehow. That's true. They could do that without the real money auction house. Yep.
So, we will see. But for now, that's all we know. More rumors to fuel those fires. So,
I don't care. I'm still getting Diablo 3 just because I was such a sucker for the first one,
so whatever. I don't think I am. Aw, sad face. I never got into the other Diablo games. So,
all right. Well, let's move on. Dark Soccer, you got more news for us, right?
Well, it's Square actually. Square Enix. We can't call them Square Enix anymore, I don't think.
They've filed a new trademark that's just Square. So, who knows? Maybe they'll be going back to
Square, which actually makes sense because I'm gonna use this as an example. The company that
I used to work for when I was doing student loans, we were Educaid. When Wachovia purchased the
company, they've actually purchased First Union, which owned Educaid and the money store and all
that. But we had to brand ourselves as Educaid Wachovia, and then after a while, we became
Wachovia Student Services or whatever. But it's the same thing, I think. Now that they've got
Square and Enix in everybody's head, they're gonna rebrand back to Square. It makes perfect sense.
Well, I also think of, remember when there was G4 and then there was Tech TV,
and then there was G4 Tech TV, and then it was like chomp, and now it's just G4 again.
Yeah, it's just part of rebranding. With any acquisition, especially with a big company,
something that's well known, you have to merge your branding so that people will start associating
one with the other. I'm still sad to see the name Enix go away because now we'll never get another
bust to move. We might, but it won't say Enix on it. That's true. That's okay. I'll just bust out
my other two bust moves. Play them. Alright, so we'll see what happens with that. Couple more
stories for you guys, then we're gonna get to the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR. But not just yet,
Loki's got a story for us. Yeah, there's some interesting stuff on the PlayStation Network
front. They're actually gonna start offering some cheaper rentals for different movies and TV shows.
99 cent movie and TV rentals are coming, and right now they've got a really small list of what's
gonna be available. I guess every Tuesday a selection of movies and TV rentals will see a
discount of 99 cents for the SD versions and $1.99 for HD. I believe this week was Sicko,
The Longshots, Salvage, Tony, Shank, Bonded by Blood, JFK, Reckless Youth Part 1 and Part 2,
Deadly Blessing, Carver, Devil in the Flesh, and Illuminating Angels and Demons. That was what was
on there. So they're gonna be discounting stuff each week. That's kind of neat, I guess, to drive
a little bit more sales in that category. Especially maybe they compete a little bit with
Redbox and Netflix. Yeah, but the stuff they're offering is crap. Have you looked at what's on
the list? It's all a bunch of crap. But hey, you know what? Something cheaper is still better than
nothing cheaper. I still don't see how any of that stuff's really a better value than Netflix,
although I guess Netflix is kind of challenged for a lot of content and may continue to be
challenged over the next year or what have you. But I don't know. Like I was looking. One of my
friends uses that Vudu site and I kind of saw that for the first time over the weekend. And I don't
know. It seemed too expensive for me. I was like, dang, they want too much money for all these
rentals of old stuff. I don't know. I guess everything seems expensive next to Netflix
where you're paying the one fee for the whole month, you know? Yeah, I don't know. It's just me.
All right. One other story for you guys, and this has to do with Portal 2. Of course you love Portal
2, right, DarkSakura? Yeah. DarkSakura speaks for all the... Yeah. Well, Portal 2, you know,
we were supposed to be getting download content. Where the hell is it? It was supposed to be here
in the summer and it's still not here. Put his house down. Apparently, it's going to be happening
in September. September is when the download content will be coming out. And they are saying
it's free. So if you're like all huffy and puffy about the fact that the download content still is
now, you know what? Good things come to those who wait. They have not said what the download
content might include. And all that's being said about it is that Valve's Doug Lombardi
apparently said, quote, it's still technically summer. Which he does have a point, right?
Fall doesn't really start until what? September 21st? So technically it is still summer in early
September. So fine. That's the dorkiest thing I've ever heard. You win on this technicality.
You better have it out or we're sending more protesters out to protest in front of Valve
because that's the thing people do these days. All right. I guess that's going to do it for
news tonight. And we're going to go to the Skype line. 1-877-GAME-OLR. Our username on Skype is
OrangeLoungeRadio. And we're going to take your calls throughout the night. It's open now. I'm
going to also get to the Twitter and try to splice in some Twitter topics in between here,
which I didn't load up in advance because I was not planning well tonight. But again,
that's Twitter.com slash OLR. It's the show where every gamer has a voice and we welcome that
through the phones or through our Twitter. Or of course, there's always the chat room if you're
like, you know, I don't have a Twitter or I'm too lazy to call or what have you. Our tweeter brings
all the calls. You can always do it that way. And it's like damn right my call quality is better
than yours. What? I don't know. All right. Let's see. Trying to go to some of the tweets here
from earlier in the week. We got wished a happy third tw-birthday. Nice. By who?
A tw-birthday or some account. I don't know. It's probably a spam account. Who knows? All
right. Let's go to the phone. You've been on Twitter a while. Have a dollar. Hey, you're
on Orange House Radio. Who's this? It's Death Wishing. Oh my God. I can see you.
Yeah, you can. Thank God you have a shirt on. What's up? I'm playing Eve Online. What's Eve?
Okay. I've never played Eve Online before. What's Eve Online like? Space cowboy with
tons of space rocks and mining and just people being assholes. I mean, I can give you an example.
It's a lot harder than World of Warcraft. And it's a lot better in my opinion,
because you can pretty much do whatever you want. You don't have to follow your class guideline.
The customization, they recently also just released an expansion where you can walk around
the stations, which is also going to work, build it into the game Dust 514. If you also heard of
that, which I kind of want to talk about. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Let's talk about that a
little bit. Cause I did hear about that at E3 and it sounded really exciting. What's this all about?
Well, think of, you know, the game PlanetSide and did you ever play it?
No. Well, Dust is a first-person shooter. Hold on. I got to put my glasses on. That
is going to be pretty much just like PlanetSide, but for the PS3 only the PS3, which is weird,
but it's going to tie into Eve Online where basically it will work as in corporations,
the player run corporations that are on Eve Online will be able to hire mercenaries from
the PlayStation 3 to fight over planets in the Eve universe, which basically they will fight over
minerals, blah, blah, whatever the hell's on the planet. It could be just a pile of shit. I don't
know. And basically corporations will buy us the PlayStation 3 users all their weaponry, all their
tanks and stuff. So basically if you, the plate, the PC users supply the their mercenary corporation,
they earn pretty much unlimited wealth. And that's what Dust is. And Eve Online is really hard to
explain. All I can say is, is it's hard. What makes it so, what makes it so rewarding to be
playing the game? Because it's, I don't know, it's just unlike everything in this game is basically
player run. They have player run banks that people make real spreadsheets and stuff where you put
your in-game money like, and it works exactly like a real bank building interest, taking out
loans and stuff like that. But then, as you would think, there's also people that scan that system.
Like, I think a couple months ago, there was a guy who made a bank, made it for two years, got about
870 billion isk, transferred all that money to another account, closed his account down, and all
of the users were complaining that they lost money, right? Right. The freaking corporation
just told them, or the CCP who runs the game said, welcome to the game, don't trust people.
Don't trust people. And it doesn't hold your hand like World of Warcraft. Did I say that?
Yeah, you did mention that a little bit, I think so.
Yeah, it's hard to explain, but I don't know. Also, I want to say that I hate Activision.
Why do you hate Activision?
Because the guy who runs the company is such an asshole.
Bobby Kotick?
Yeah, he ruins like game series. He's ruined Tony Hawk, he ruined Call of Duty, and now he's
gonna be here in Spyro. What fuckery set you off this week? Besides jobs, um, Activision.
I think there's a bit of personal bitterness here to this. I don't know if this-
I'm just an angry person, an angry college kid.
You're just an angry listener, an angry gamer.
Yes. I usually have more to talk about, but I'm actually a boring person this week. I'm kind of
on a recovery day.
Sorry, let me read this tweet for a recovery day. Was Burning Man this week or something?
Don't worry about it. What were you gonna say?
Alright, fine. Tigerclaw says,
EVE Online is by far the most hardcore- hardest core game in its existence. Agree?
I totally agree. Especially since my corporation got attacked last week and we lost like 500
million. So.
Yikes.
Which, um, yeah. I can also say one thing. A lot of the money in the game amounts to real money,
so like there's ships that cost- they're called Titan class ships. $10,000 real currency.
They're just throwing that out there.
$10,000 in real currency.
Real currency.
And people buy it.
360 million is $15 a currency, which you can use the currency that you make in-game to buy
your in-game subscription.
Right, right. I've heard of that. You can buy these cards or something that you use, right?
Like, was there a big story where they blew up a big carrier that was carrying a bunch of
those cards and like all this game time was just lost?
Yeah, I forgot what it was. I think it was some player who was really retarded. I believe
you can put that stuff in your, uh, like a hangar. And he was retarded and kept it around
and went for him for god knows why. So people heard about it, killed him, took game time.
Your fault.
Yikes. All right. Well, Deathwishing, we're going to let you go, but thanks for the call.
And thanks for the webcam. It's interesting to see our listeners there. So we're not
hooking one up so you can see us though. All right.
I'm not fat. Don't worry about it.
All right. Take care. All right. All right. Later.
Mine rock time. Bye.
I want to see more. Well, maybe, maybe that's something I don't want to wish. Maybe I don't
want to see more of the listeners, but, uh, yeah, sure. Why not call us with your webcams?
It'll be fun.
We want to see the sexy ones.
All right. Now the 877 number is apparently broken, but there is a back door you can use.
916-226-9067. I want to point out that is not a toll free number. So if you don't have
like a cell phone that has free nationwide long distance, that number will not work.
It looks like someone's using that number right now. Hi, you're on Orange Lawns Radio. Who's this?
It's Shane, the Kletov, whatever.
Hey, what's up, me Kletov? Again, I want to clarify. 877. I don't know. It's like,
I'm having problems with the phone constantly last week and now this week. 877 number will not work.
Something's up with the toll free forwarder. You can use the back door.
A 916-226-9067. Please only use that if you have free long distance, which a lot of cell
phone companies do, but be very, very careful. All right. Uh, me Kletov, what's on your mind?
Um, nothing.
So you're just calling to say hey?
No. Um, I meant to call him last week, but, um, I have a little anecdote that leads into a
kind of stance I'm taking, I think. All right, let's hear it.
Okay. So, uh, last week I was at work and we were doing a blood drive. Um, so I go get blood even
though technically legally I'm not allowed to because laws are stupid. But, um, so I'm sitting
there giving blood, being all bored and I bust out my phone and start playing some games on my phone
and I'm having a really good time. Makes the time pass super quick. And then I'm, I'm starting to
think about this, like, you know, I play games on my phone when I'm giving blood. I play games on my
phone when I'm like waiting at the drive through to pick up food or order or whatever. I play games
at work when I am in the back, uh, looking for stuff or quote unquote looking for stuff, uh, to
put out. And it hits me that I feel like the mobile phone games now are really what's portable gaming
that that's like the definition and like things like the Vita, the PSP, the DS too big, too bulky
to really be portable systems. And I really begin to realize that I only use those portably if I'm
like on a plane, otherwise I'm playing my portable systems at home. And I think that Nintendo and
Sony are gonna find themselves in the same sort of mindset after a few years. Cause you know what,
you know what, those things are just too big and bulky and the iPhone and the Android phone,
their games are just way more accessible for your portable gaming nowadays. You know, it's interesting
that you bring that up because Nintendo has been under a lot of pressure from their investors,
especially after 3DS has not done so hot and they've had to slice or slice the cost of that.
Um, Nintendo has been under a lot of pressure to basically develop iOS games is what their
investors want them to do. And, uh, you know, Satoru Iwata is very staunchly against that,
which, you know, Nintendo creating a Mario game for another system is damn near unheard of,
except of course, I'm sure a lot of people are gonna jump in and say, but what about the 3DO?
Well, okay. You all saw how well that worked out, right? So that's why Nintendo-
CDI.
I'm sorry. CDI. My bad. It was one of those 90s CD based systems. So, okay, fine. The CDI.
Clearly that didn't work out well for them. They got fucking burned on that.
I don't think they created it. They just licensed the character out.
Well, still though, it just goes to show you how they're very protective of their shit and
they don't want to do that. But you know, Nintendo already kind of tested the waters
with that though. In Japan, they have that Pokemon trading card Riven game on the iPhone.
The Pokemon company has tested, but that's not Nintendo themselves.
That's Nintendo's brand. I mean, Pokemon is, I mean, yeah, it's a Pokemon company,
but you're not gonna see Pokemon go over to Vita or Xbox.
So you do bring up an interesting point though, is that the only place a lot of people tend
to play their portable gaming systems is at home. And that's kind of where I do a lot
of my portable gaming too. Like, I have my 3DS kind of by my bed and maybe like when
it's, you know, bedtime, quote unquote, and I go into bed and maybe I'll stay up for
about 20 minutes and play the 3DS, you know? That's where I tend to do most of my portable
gaming.
Well, and you know, at E3 this year, I had my, I had my PSP, which stayed in my hotel
room. I had my 3DS, which I used to get street pass tags and then play the little mini dungeon
game because I did not have time, even when standing in line or not timed, I was not really
comfortable holding that thing in my hand, playing some game that's in depth. Had I had
something like Tiny Tower, I would have been all over my phone at that point and I probably
would have needed to bring like a charger or something with me.
I, I use my 3DS a lot at Disneyland and a lot of that has to, well, at least the last
time I was there, I had the 3DS. I take, I took two trips since I've had my 3DS because
I did really quick back-to-back trips back around Memorial Day and I took my 3DS both
times and I, I street pass with a shit ton of people at Disneyland. In fact, I, I, I
made a Twitter friend of a street passing, you know, it's just kind of funny how that
whole thing works. And yeah, the dude that's a Twitter friend of mine is apparently some
type of developer for Disney related stuff. So it's kind of, it's just really hilarious
how that all works out. So, um, what did you do the street pass for? Did you do it to do
that stupid, uh, fill in the puzzles or did you do it to do the stupid, like somewhat
of an RPG? You can do both when you street pass. When you meet a character and they go,
hello, it gives you their little URL. But yeah, well I was also street passing for Street
Fighter 4 data and now I'll be street passing for Ridge Racer 3DS data. I want more ghosts
to race against. I, I think there's a lot of really interesting things they can do with
street pass. I just don't think any of the games out right now really sell that stuff
very well, but I'm interested to see what, you know, future games can kind of think up
with the street passing. That's very interesting to me. But, um, you know, I, I'm not to say
I'm totally disagreeing with you because I think, you know, part of the reason the 3DS
isn't selling does have to do with the fact that mobile phones are doing it in some ways
better, definitely cheaper. And, uh, I, I think the price of portable games needs to
come down to stay competitive with, uh, iOS games. I think charging 40 bucks for 3DS game
isn't going to fly. And I think they're going to be in for a rude awakening pretty soon.
If they can't get that price down to 20 bucks, kiss it goodbye.
Yeah. I mean, I look at my portable games I'm playing right now. I pick up Zelda since
it's launch, maybe once every week and a half. And then I bust out my phone to play, uh,
Groove Coaster or Tiny Tower or Juke Beat, which I actually like a lot.
Ew. Juke Beat's terrible.
Oh, I love it.
I'm sorry. Did you download any of the, did you download any of the
download content stuff for Juke Beat?
No, because they're all terrible sounding. I'm not going to listen to crappy songs.
See? But that's just to start. The three that they have you begin with are awesome. I love
that Contra song. And even the Frogger song is pretty good.
I'll give you that. The Contra and Frogger songs are kind of cool. Kinda.
And it is really too hard, but it's still better than what I'm playing on my 3DS. And
my PSP is just a DJ Max console. That's all I use it for. And there's no new ones coming
out right now for that. So it's gathering.
I'm playing Tiny Tower right now while you're trying to talk. Like I'm half paying attention
to you. I'm half restocking all my stores. Because now Bobby had to go and make it a
contest. What?
I said I was doing that. And then I called in.
And then you go right back to it.
Yeah. That then, wow. I'm just like, oh, I'm flying somewhere. Well, I got to check on
my, my supplies, make sure everything's stocked up. And I just upgraded my elevator. So it's
going faster. And I love it. Like it changed the game completely for me.
There you go. All right. So, um, you, uh, you, uh, are thinking that mobile phone gaming
is where it's at. Now that being said, I remember during the E3 shows, you were all over the
Vita and you were very excited about the Vita. So even though you're saying this about mobile
gaming, you're like, ah, but I'll still get a Vita at the end of the day.
Yeah. Cause I don't foresee me going outside and busting out my Vita and playing Uncharted
because that is not a game, honestly, that you want portable. That is a, I want to sit
down and experience this awesome game with best headphones and all sorts of, you know,
being comfortable. It's not, I want to stand on a bus or in a subway playing Uncharted.
Um, one more comment from Chad, I got to let you guys, we can get some more calls,
but cause you don't in the chat room says phones are not killing the 3DS. It's the lack of anything
on the 3DS that's killing it. And I kind of tend to agree. That's really the 3DS, the biggest
problem. But I also think the price of the games is really an issue. I mean, I think it's more of
an issue than Nintendo wants to admit. I realize games are expensive to make, but there has to come
a point where you go, we're not selling these games at $40. We have to cut the price to get
these to sell. And maybe we'll sell three times as much. No, go ahead.
I really hope that this price cut and then realizing how bad the system is doing
forces them to make an actual real honest to goodness, 3d Pokemon game. That's not some
spin-off like the new one in Japan. Cause I mean, that would get me to buy four more systems,
even though I have one. I find like getting that red one too, just to have a red one,
just to have a funny red one. Yeah. I had a red and a blue SP when they came out. So I can do a
red and a blue 3DS. I decided keeping up with what I do, which is buy things I don't need.
All right. Well, I'm going to let you go so we can get some more calls. All right.
All right. Sounds good. Thanks for the call. No problem.
Later. All right. Give us a call at area code 916-226-9067. Again, not toll free. The toll
free number's down right now or call us on Skype. That's always free orange lounge radio, all one
word on Skype. Um, I'll get to the Twitter topics in just a moment here. Um, let's see, I'm trying
to get through some of these here. Um, trying to get through the feedback for last week's show and
so forth. Um, what is this? I'm just trying to see if this is a story we've already covered.
Uh, no, this is something that Eric RPG tweeted us, and this is about Nintendo 3DS. Could a new
Fire Emblem game be on its way to the Nintendo 3DS? Uh, apparently a online gaming site called
the Magic Box posted that a new Fire Emblem game will be announced by Nintendo fairly soon.
Apparently it's called Fire Emblem Blue Sacred Sword and Red Demon Lance.
Supposed to be a hundred years after Sealed Sword and the story will center around the Princess of
Kingdom Burn and the Prince of Kingdom Lycia, and each will have a different story in their
perspective. There will also be a new casual mode for beginners and lunatic mode for advanced
players. No word on where this information is coming from, but, uh, sounds good enough to me.
I don't know. Fire Emblem on 3DS seems like a logical next step, don't you think?
It sounds like an educated guess to me. All right. All right. Uh, Spazernator PSN tweets us
saying, uh, OLR, could you please say hi to your newest listener, Shirley in Arizona, please?
Shirley. Shirley, we will. Hi. You just did, right? Yeah. All right. And I'm sure that's a
pun that Shirley is terribly sick of hearing. All right, let's go to the phones and get more calls.
Hi, you're on our sauce radio with this. Spudger Zaku here. Hey, Zaku, what's on your mind?
Uh, nothing much. Just trying to recover from Ramna's barbecue he held at his place yesterday.
What's this all about? What was happening at the barbecue? Uh, bacon wrapped sausage,
a lot of food, a lot of, like, raunchy card games. We were just, like,
and drawing, uh, and using Sharpies against other people while they were passed out.
Like Jigglypuff. Yes, exactly like that. Oh, God, I can't believe it. You'll probably fill you in
on the details. Anyways, so, they were mentioning Activision being the new devil, like, in the
previous last two. I don't think they're the new devil. They've been the devil for at least a good
year. Well, I mean, I know that's still debatable, but I mean, they're like, I don't know, it's like
EA is starting to get to go back into the dark side, but then again, they've been doing pretty
well ever since going away from it. It doesn't matter staying, staying in that point where
you're making money, but you don't piss off the fan base like Activision does by just shoveling
out crap. Like, I mean, you know, the way I see it right now is that Activision's trying to make
amends by doing dedicated servers on, for Modern Warfare 3, but God knows what the, what restrictions
they will have. Like, we don't know whether they're just going to be, like, rented servers,
or there's better, or it's like a full no strings attached ones, like, you know, like in Call of
Duty 4. Someone's like, when Activision tries to throw out something like that, I don't even think
it's like, I don't even think it's them being genuine about it, just them trying to capitalize,
trying to sweep, trying to bury all the transgressions that they did in the past.
They're just trying to bury it, trying to like, you know, kiss and make up. And that right there
is just like, it's not really sincere. Well, it's a company, and of course they're not sincere.
No, I understand, but when they treated, but if you remember how that whole Modern Warfare 2 on PC,
that whole thing went out, how that whole thing panned out, where they got rid of the dedicated
servers, and you see a bunch of folks just like, they basically, they were, you know, they said,
to hell with Activision, it's not worth it. I was one of them. I was this, you know, I was really
hyped up for Modern Warfare 2 that year, until that, that news broke, and I just lost interest,
and I got bad company too instead. You're talking about all those people that, you know, decide,
hey, we're gonna basically form a group that's gonna boycott Modern Warfare 2, and then they
were all playing Modern Warfare 2. I just stuck to my guns. I've, if you look at my Steam profile,
I don't have that game. I have Call of Duty 4. I mean, the last good one with dedicated servers.
It's like, I, I basically have not, I've never played Modern Warfare 2, not even in consoles.
SSJ100Matt is in the chat, hold on, because I have to get this out here, because this is kind of
funny, is saying, correction, Bobby Kotek is the new devil. Activision would be fine without him
there. You agree? Well, yeah, I guess, that's, I guess that's what I was trying to refer to. I mean,
he is personifying the evil intentions of the devil. Well, it's him and his company.
But yeah, I mean, it's like, after seeing the, the 64, 64 player multiplayer video for Battlefield 3
this, this week, I mean, like, like last week when, you know, during Gamescom, it's like,
I don't have any incentive to buy Modern Warfare 3 anymore. It's like, sure, they may, they may
throw in dedicated servers, but you're, you're gonna get a lot, you're gonna get your money's
worth in, in terms of, like, production values and gameplay out of Battlefield 3, just by the looks
of it. It's like... Are you going up for a console version or PC version? Both. I mean, I mean...
What do you think of the origin stuff? Granted the, the console's like, what, 24 players, and
obviously the PC's more, but it's, it's still pretty good from both, from both spectrums.
What do you think the, what do you think the origin... Our Modern Warfare 3 is just doing is,
is rehashing perks. That's it, that's all it is, is the, it base, the whole basis is, the more kills
you get, the more, you know, the more balance you tip against the others. Is it... Like, you know,
UAV, you're just spamming UAV air, airstrikes, and so forth. What, what about the fact that on PC
you're forced to use origin? I don't know. I mean, I'm kind of, like, indifferent about it.
I know I was holding out for them having to, having to sell it on Steam, but at this point,
I may give it a shot, because at the end of the day, it's, it's like the same, it's like what,
what Valve went through when they first released Half-Life 2. Like, when they first launched Steam,
they were basically, they were completely dead set against it. They just hated it, they just hated
its guts from the get-go, and now it's pretty much one of the top digital distributors, the top
digital distributors. Yeah, it's the thing to have on PC right now. It's kind of the cool kids club.
I understand, but as I said, it's like, origin, EA's gonna go through their own,
their own Steam moment when, you know, when launching. So it's like, if EA can basically,
you know, pass that test in terms of providing a decent alternative to Steam, then, then more power
to them. If it, you know, as long as they bring it on par with it, then, then that, you know,
it'll be, it'll be an easier pill to swallow. It won't be like eating a shit sandwich.
All right. I gotta let you go so we can get more calls, but I gotta say this. I want to know when
the next barbecue is happening, because I may need to come back out to New York for that, and I'm
going to draw next summer next summer. Yes. Adam is only going to hold the only holds them like
once a year, maybe labor day, but I demand one in my honor. Rama will throw one in my honor if I
come visit. Yeah, I'm pretty sure he will. All right. Awesome. I get what I want. All right.
Take care of Zaku. Thanks for the call. Have a good one. I love the New York contingent. We have
a lot of fans in New York. I don't know how it happened. Well, I guess there's a lot of people
in New York, so it makes sense, but still we have quite a few listeners there. So I would,
I need to go back and say hello. It's been far too long. I need to go. New York is so much fun.
Oh my God. Well, you need to go see mistress Tia because I love that bitch. If people will send me
a ticket, I'll go. I'm not even playing. That's not how it works. Yeah. Jamie's broke. All right.
Uh, hold out for another one of those jet blue sales, man. They go cheap sometimes. Well,
we got enough listeners out there that they could send us tickets. You know, I don't see why they
don't. Yeah, but then you owe them something. Well, of course we do do this show. I don't know.
I don't know. I just, I feel weird asking for money from listeners. You know how I am.
All right. Uh, let's see. I got a couple of tweets from a tiger claw. I think I already,
we already touched on the one from GameStop doing the streaming things, but how about this one? I
like this, uh, about the video game history museum. I didn't even know they were trying
to do this. Is this the whole, like the home of video games and whatever it is something,
something Iowa or whatever, Iowa. I don't know. Uh, let's see. Uh, it's a lengthy article from
Gama Sutra and I didn't read this in advance, so gosh, I don't even know where to start here. We
are still seeing calls by the way, orange launch radio on Skype. Uh, Oh, it's ringing right now.
Good. That'll give me time to skim this article. Hi. You're on orange launch radio. Who's this?
It's a Brad from pod culture. Hey, Brad from pod culture. What's on your mind, buddy?
Oh, not a whole lot. Uh, finally joined the contingent and picked up a 3d last week.
Was this after the price drop? I'm assuming. Yeah. Ah. And how was it? Um, you know,
it's actually a pretty neat little system. I'm actually digging it. Not much in the way of games
out yet though. No, there's not. Is there something you're looking forward to that's coming out?
Uh, no, no. I'm pretty satisfied with the two that I've gotten right now.
DOA dimensions and, uh, bridge rates are 3d. Nice. A lot, a lot of, uh, 3d boobies and DOA,
uh, I'm sure I've always liked the DOA franchise. Hmm. A lot of guys do. Uh, let me ask you this.
What, what kind of made you decide to take the plunge? The fact that the, uh, evil G had the,
if you're one of the power rewards members or whatever the hell membership thing that they got,
uh, if you trade in a DS light, you pick it up and 99 bucks. Oh, okay. So you did the whole,
like the evil G. I like that by the way, the evil G, uh, uh, I had a true story. This is not going
to make sense to anyone, but I just have to say this because you know, some teachers that you
have in your past stay with you forever. And I had an awesome, awesome music teacher, uh, in,
uh, junior high school and his name was Mr. Gonzalez, but everybody called him Mr. G. Like
that was the name he went by for short. And, uh, he, he's a great, oh man, I wish I knew what he
was up to these days. I wonder if he's still teaching, but anyhow, when you say evil G,
like for whatever reason that just triggers a response in my mind where I see his evil twin.
You know what I mean? So, but I like that as a name for GameStop evil G. All right. So,
so you, you, you bought into the evil G's, uh, trade in scheme, which is, I can't fault you
for a good deal. So it's, it's fine. And that's, that's what made you finally take the plunge.
Oh yeah, definitely. Um, I had thought about picking one up when they came out, but
250 bucks. That was a, that's a little much when you can pick up one for about a hundred bucks.
Oh yeah. And concerned. In fact, that's what I paid for my DS light. Yeah.
So what did you think about, we had a call a little bit ago that was talking about,
I don't really use my portable game systems portably. Do you find that your gaming habits
are similar or do you think that you might actually get more use out of this on the go?
Um, I'm interested to take it, taking it to DragonCon and see what I can do with the street
pass function. You'll get a ton there. I'm sure I can't even imagine my ass is sitting on the couch.
I see. So you're couch surfing and playing the 3DS. That's fine. That's a lot of,
a lot of folks. No, Bobby, I didn't steal your name for GameStop.
Bobby, Bobby's throwing a tantrum in chat right now, Brad, you need to go address this.
He's just mad because his tiny citizens are revolting because, are
revolting. Yeah. Because they don't want his tower to get bigger than mine, but anyway,
they stink on ice. Uh, so Brad, there's some new games coming out for the 3DS this holiday.
Uh, there's the, um, new Mario game, the new Mario Kart game. Any of this stuff look interesting?
Oh, well, I like the, I like Mario Kart, so that's definitely worth a look.
May pick that up. Absolutely. I think it is going to be worth picking up. So, well, I hope you have
a lot of fun at DragonCon and I hope you are able to street pass with tons and tons of people.
Uh, and I hope you win lots of awards that I hear you're nominated for that apparently
Bobby was not, hence some of the tantrum that's going on in there, but that's okay.
We weren't nominated either. Uh, you were nominated. Were we?
You didn't make, make it as a finalist, I don't think. Oh, well. Pretty sure you were nominated.
I don't know. I didn't see any emails on it this year, but oh, well, it's all good.
I ain't mad. So, well, you know, but, uh, yeah, it's, uh, you know, if you can get in on the deal
for the 3DS, I'd tell people, you know, go ahead and check it out. It's a, it's a lot of fun.
All right. Sounds good. Another raging raving endorsement for the 3DS. All right. Well,
Brad, buddy, we're gonna let you go. So we wrap things up, but thanks so much for the call.
All right. Later guys. Later. All right. So I had a little more time to read the article there in
between, um, some of the conversation there. And by the way, that's going to do it for the
Skypline tonight. Thanks to those that called to those that didn't get through. Sorry. Maybe next
time. Uh, anyhow, or you can send us emails, of course, mailbag at orange launch radio.com.
Remember, we need, uh, 10 emails for the Mexican Fiesta drinking party, uh, to happen here on the
show. And we're talking horchata, not tequila. Um, let's see. Apparently these guys want to set up
some type of like collectible museum. It's the guys that are behind the Classic Gaming Expo.
This is all a tweet to a story on a gamasutra that Tiger Claw sent us via Twitter. Uh, apparently
there are these guys, they're the folks behind Classic Gaming Expo. They've got a collection
of 30,000 items that they want to put into a permanent official home where folks can like
research document and so forth, but they need $30,000 to set up the base in Silicon Valley.
And they got less than two weeks to go to do it and they don't even have half of the money that
they need to do it. So it's not looking too good. And I guess a lot of the backers just don't have
an idea where the money is going and you know, I guess what they're going to get out of it,
so to speak. Um, so some of the collection shows off at trade shows and all that stuff.
So they want to do it, but it sounds like they may not hit it. That's too bad. It would be nice
to have a video game museum of sorts and Silicon Valley definitely is a much more logical place
to put it than whatever the fuck Iowa. Uh, but, um, yeah, I can see where they're having problems
selling an idea like that. Like what they might want to do is maybe try to have it as like an
expansion to some type of a museum that already exists that speaks to nerds interests. Like one
really cool place I went to last year was the sci-fi museum in Seattle, which is attached to
the experience music project, which is a neat little museum. Like maybe there's a place in that
whole thing that they could fit a video game tribute into, you know, that, that might be the
way to do it. I know San Jose has a technology museum. That's pretty awesome. Maybe that's the
way to do it. All right. Uh, there you go. That's going to do it for another show. But first I need
to make sure last minute stories. Yes. No, maybe so. I'm just dropping grenades on ants. Oh, so
you're too busy fighting insects to do last minute stories. That's fine. It's cool. Well, we have
some last minute stories that can talk about them if you want. Yes, please. Let's. Um, well, let's
see. There's a couple of music games coming out this fall and we can talk a little bit about what
tracks will be featured in said games. Um, starting with, of course, dance central to the announced
initial song list, including some of the songs. Um, was it sexy chick by David Guetta and a con,
uh, daddy Yankee featuring Fergie with impacto, the rude with sandstorm. That's pretty funny. Oh,
goodie. Uh, death punk with techno logic. Um, Bruno, Bruno Mars with grenade, uh, ozone with,
uh, was it, uh, drag us? Dragostea, uh, dente. That's the new manuma song. Yes. You know,
remember the guy sitting in his chair?
Donna summers with hot stuff. Uh, Gnarls Barkley with run, uh, Lena with satellite,
uh, and Ricky and glee is, uh, with, I like it, uh, lady Gaga with born this way. Yes.
Exile with I wish for you and, uh, Florida with, uh, David Guetta club can't handle me.
It's a pretty good mix of songs. I like that. Uh, and it's supposed to, you do all the dance
central one stuff like import, like the rock band series, right? That's awesome. And then of course,
just dance three will be coming out, um, actually almost around the same time. We're talking like
a week apart. Um, so they have, I don't know, I don't think it's a full list, but damn 46 tracks
so far. I'm not going to go through all of them, but, uh, some of the classic stuff too unlimited
with no limit. Uh, aha would take on me. Um, banana Ramo with visa or Venus. Uh, but I have
some new stuff in there though. I see LMFAO and the party rock Anthem. That's like a big song
right now. That is pretty cool. Um, the cover of boogie wonderland looks like, uh, Katy Perry with
California girls. Alan will be so happy to hear that he loves Katy Perry. Uh, I like Mika. I see
Mika's in there. That's good. So it's a pretty round set list that is that they're saying that
may not be the whole thing. I don't know if that's the whole thing. Hmm. Is that for the,
we and the PS3 and three. So it is going to be on all of them this time. Yes. Nice. So, um,
yeah, that's, uh, interesting. And they even have crazy little thing called love by queen.
Queen songs are good or scissor sisters. I don't feel like dancing. That's a fun song.
I always, that song for some reason makes me think of the Muppets.
It must be that one performance they did at the Brit awards. I don't know.
All right. So that'd be a good, good one. I guess. I guess the music's very important
to a dancing. I've never played just dance, but people seem to really like it. It's very similar,
kind of a little bit like dance masters, but less, it gives you a little bit of an idea of what
you're supposed to do. Like they have kind of, it's still kind of following on screen, but there's
not that many cues to it. Okay. But it's, it's a lot more than dance masters where dance masters
doesn't give you any cues whatsoever. Well, it's going to be fun to watch these two games have a
showdown. Yeah. No dance masters this year. Too bad. What a shock. I know.
Um, connectimals is coming to a windows 7 phone this fall. That's kind of weird.
SSX looks awesome. They were showing off some of the events that they can feature, including
a hundred thousand, um, player events. Uh, so that's gonna be really cool. And, um, yeah,
that's it. All right. Well, that's gonna start to close the book on another week here at orange
lounge radio, but we can't call it a show until we go around and get everybody's final thought.
So dark soccer, your final thought for us tonight. I have good friends.
My final thought is Jamie has good friends.
Loki. Your final thought tonight is I got to cut back on expenses a lot.
Uh, thank you guys so much for downloading orange launch radio and tuning into us. Uh,
thank you for supporting independent podcasting. If you like what you hear, remember we don't ask
for your money to do this program. We do it for free just cause you know, it's a way to kill a
Sunday night. Just tell a friend about the show. Help us spread the word about orange lounge radio.
That's all we ask. Uh, leave us a nice five star review on iTunes or whatever website it is that
you found this podcast on. You would not believe how much a little word spreading can go. We really
appreciate it. Um, so that's going to do it. We're not here next week. Sorry guys. The show's
going to last you for two weeks. If you are tuning in live next week though, there's a new
OLR best of, um, I actually don't have anything to do with those. The dark Tetsuya has been
spearheading those. So, uh, that's all going to, I don't even know what's going to be in it. So
I will tell you though that a lot of the stuff he, at least the first one was all really old stuff.
So for those folks that are like, what did OLR sound like nine years ago? If you really want to
subject yourself to it, cause it was a much different show then, uh, best stuff is a good
way to do it. It will not be on the podcast feed. It will only be live. You must, must tune in live
to hear it. Uh, might be up for download on the website later if we're in a good mood, but it
won't be on the podcast feed. Sorry. It's just, it's a special thing. Sorry. Sorry kids. So, um,
that's it though. That's going to do it. Have a great week, two weeks, everybody,
and, uh, we'll see you back here. Labor day weekend with more of orange launch radio. Good night.
Or all games.com, but we're probably right. Anyway, see you next week.
