Tonight, August 7th, 2011, the Vita gets bumped to 2012, the Humble Indie bundle adds even
more games, and can you soon make a living playing Diablo 3?
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice, Orange Lounge Radio.
My name is Rob Roberts, and I'll be joining you over the next few hours with my co-hosts.
First off, the one, the only, Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Hi.
How are you, Jamie?
I'm a culinary fucking goddess.
Congratulations.
What makes you a culinary fucking goddess?
Because I'm sharing one of my favorite recipes with you guys today.
What would that recipe be?
Monkeys' brains?
No.
While, you know, famous in Cantonese cuisine is rarely seen in the United States, no.
Touche.
Or in Washington, D.C., I should say.
No, they are blue potatoes, baked instead of fried, but baked with garlic, majorum,
oregano, Himalayan salt, pepper, and lots of-
Himalayan salt?
I asked for Mongolian salt, god damn it.
Lots of garlic, and plenty of Italian cheeses.
Oh, well, garlic salt always.
So eat some.
Okay, I will, I will, but I've got to set up the show first.
Okay.
All right.
Say hello as well to less of a culinary goddess, but still pretty awesome, tech master, Loki.
How's it going?
I'm good.
How are you, Loki?
Pretty good.
Yeah?
What's new with you?
Not much.
Has there been any culinary works in your life?
I know you used to do, you used to deep fry everything in good times.
Yeah, I haven't really done any deep frying in a while.
Well, that's too bad.
All right.
Well, let's start talking about games with you guys in our chatroom at chat.orangelaungeradio.com.
If you've never joined us for a live show, you should sometime.
Sunday nights, 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf
show at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com.
And yep, we have our chatters there.
Let's see, Tigerclaw says, Rob, did you just say monkeys?
Then you must have seen the new Planet of the Apes.
Nope, didn't see the new Planet of the Apes.
I heard it was number one in the box office, so it did way better than everyone thought
it would.
And they threw lots of number two.
I used to hate those movies, actually, growing up.
Like, I think my dad or my brother or somebody really liked those movies, and I always thought
they were terrible.
Like the Charlton Heston, I really don't like Charlton Heston.
Like, it has nothing to do with the politics side or the gun, my cold, dead hands on stuff.
Just, I just, God, I don't know.
Like something about him in movies just irritates me.
I don't know.
I'm sure there's a lot of people that would disagree, and that's fine.
Sometimes we disagree on this show.
But let's talk less about movies and talk about games.
We'll start off with Dark Soccer.
How was your gaming week?
Um, freaking Tiny Tower.
I blame you.
I'm up to floor 11 now.
It's actually kind of fun in a...
They talked about Mario twice.
I think Nintendo has a hidden agenda in that game.
How so?
Well, there's been two Mario references.
There's also, I saw Bobby posted on Twitter.
There's a Bad Dudes reference in there somewhere.
Like a bad enough dude to take on, or to save the president or whatever.
Was that line from the original Bad Dudes game?
Yeah.
It's pretty funny though.
And um, I actually didn't play any Groove Coaster.
That's too bad.
It's fine.
I played a lot of WoW.
Mostly because I've been forever alone.
My husband's gone.
He'll be back next week though.
You've been neglecting your consoles.
A little bit.
I actually was gonna go in and play the Saturn and I was like, I gotta do what to hook it
up?
Nevermind.
Alright.
There's actually an email that I was reading in the emails that I'll have to get to later
on that kind of asks you about playing the old games in the vault.
Yep.
Curious to hear about that later.
But we'll get to that in part B.
Alright, well Loki, how was your gaming week?
Um, it was okay.
I played lots of Groove Coaster.
That game's pretty fun.
It almost seems like it should be like a Q games game, but here it's not.
More Grand Theft Auto and more Earth Defense Force.
Actually, a lot of Earth Defense Force this week, which is kind of cool.
Leveling up my tactical guy.
We finished going through, well I had already gone through all the, was it like normal mode
or whatever, and my coworker hadn't though, so we played through that again, and now we're
starting hard again.
So I'll level up my tactical guy a little bit more, I think he's level 5 right now.
Do want to start leveling up some other characters, but haven't had time.
So that's pretty much it.
Oh, and now of course the tiny tower, because I have to join the cult that is the tiny tower.
Are you in Game Center?
No, you don't use that.
Yeah, I use that.
You don't have to have me on there.
Oh no, I do have you on there.
You are the only person that's on my Game Center.
I don't see your tower yet because you didn't start playing until like today, so I got it.
Yes.
Alright, my gaming week.
I picked up the Humble Indie Bundle, which I know is going to come up in the show later,
so I'll talk more about the bundle itself when it comes up in the news later.
But one of the games in the Humble Indie Bundle has been taking up a lot of my time, and that's
because I think it's terrific.
It's a terrific game, and it's one of those games, it's been brought up on the show before,
and I distinctly remember somebody had called in at the end of the year last year to say
that this was their favorite game of the year, and I was like, oh, I'll have to check that
out at some point, you know, and amongst all the other games I tried to fit in in a day,
I just never got around to it until now.
But now that I play this game, it's just like taking up all my time that I'm not playing
like WoW or an MMO or something, and that's VVVVVVVV.
I mean, this game could have been on the Commodore 64, that's obviously kind of the style they're
going for, but the music adds so much to it.
because the music is amazing in the game.
It's all chiptune type stuff.
If you like the Scott Pilgrim soundtrack, Super Meat Boy,
that type of stuff, you'll love the soundtrack to this.
And obviously it takes a lot of influences
from more recent gaming.
I think if you like Super Meat Boy,
this type of game's right up your alley
because it's about dying over and over and over again
on a level until you get it just right.
But then there's that whole exploration
and open world sense of the game
that you can kind of go rescue your friends in any order.
That's kind of where VVVVV gets its name
is it's you and all the friends that get lost on the,
you know, the spaceship blows up
and pieces are all over the planet
and all your friends are lost
and you gotta go around and kind of find them
and rescue them.
And some of the areas are really hard.
And each area kind of has its own little like trick.
Like even though the main point of the game
is push button flip gravity,
which is much more involved than it would sound.
Like some, like one dungeon
or whatever you want to call it that I was in
had trip wires.
And whenever you hit the trip wire,
the gravity automatically flipped.
And so you really had to kind of like
maneuver your character to hit trip wires
sometimes sequentially to get through the room
without landing on spikes.
Another area I was in was all about
warping from one side of the room to the other.
Like the only way to escape a room
would be from one predetermined exit.
Kind of like think of like the infinite maze,
like in a Zelda map.
Remember old school Zelda maps?
You had to go like up, left, down, left
or whatever to get out of the maze.
You had to go up and up and up and up and up.
Kind of like that ish sort of thing.
Like that's where it gets its inspiration clearly.
But yeah.
Like the way you get to the graveyard.
Northwest, what was it?
Northwest, Southwest?
I think it's like up, left, down, left.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So yeah, I mean, clearly the game
takes its influences from more recent games,
but it's not old style.
And so obviously that adds kind of a charm to it
that I guess it all kind of just kind of makes a mood.
I don't know.
I honestly think if the game had just done new graphics,
it would have been horribly overlooked.
Like I think sometimes that whole little retro catch
kind of adds a lot to the game.
There's not just by the way,
the open world Metroidy part of the game.
There's also like time trial levels that you can play.
And you can play made up worlds.
Like there's like a little level packs in it and so forth.
So yeah.
Amazing deal because right now you could get this game
for a dollar if you wanted to.
I think you're kind of cheap if you do,
but I understand some people are broke
and in school and what have you.
It's honestly,
if you miss the Humble Indie Bundle altogether,
it's worth the $10 on Steam.
I think so.
Especially if you like,
like if you like Super Meat Boy and those types of games,
retro fan, this game's right up your alley.
I bought it when it was two bucks.
Oh, nice.
During the Steam sales?
Way back.
Way back.
I've had it for awhile.
Cool.
Yeah.
It was really good.
It's a great game.
So yeah, that was taking up a lot of my time this week.
I played some of the other stuff in the bundle.
I played Cogs for a little bit,
which is kind of like a puzzle game.
That's all about,
like, you know, the sliding puzzles, right?
You know, you have these only keychains and stuff.
Yeah. You move, move a piece over.
Okay. Well imagine that now the pieces
have cog wheels on them
and you have like a spinning gear on one side of the board
and then a golden gear on the other side of the board,
or maybe like you're trying to power a propeller.
So it's just like, you have to move,
instead of making a picture,
it's like the dual puzzle of line up the wheels, right?
So that way it powers the machine.
It's kind of got that whole like steampunk-ish vibe,
but not really, I don't know.
It's very, very puzzle-y interface and so forth.
So I, yeah, that was, that was fun.
So those are kind of the big ones I've checked out.
Otherwise, most of the same stuff,
Warcraft, Final Fantasy 13,
randomly played Wipeout this week.
I don't know, just wanted to play F-Zero
and didn't feel like cooking up the GameCube.
So I'm like, oh, let's play Wipeout.
It's about the next best thing.
Yeah. There you go.
That was my gaming week.
So let's get into some gaming news.
After I mentioned real quick,
you should always be following us on Twitter,
twitter.com slash O-L-R or Facebook,
facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
Those are places to follow us online.
Of course, there's always our website
at orangesloungeradio.com where the forums are as well.
Please always help out the show, spread the word.
Five star reviews on iTunes are much, much, much appreciated
because we don't make anything off the show.
We don't even ask you to pay what you want.
It's just free.
Question for you.
Yes.
What did you think?
Of?
The dish.
Oh, what you made?
Am I a culinary goddess or what?
I haven't, well, I've been talking most times,
so I haven't been able to really eat it,
but it's really good.
I like it.
See everybody, I'm awesome.
I don't wanna inflate your ego too much.
You're gonna have to go on Hell's Kitchen or something
and get your ego kicked out of it.
No, because I would punch what's-his-face.
Be like, you're much nicer to the people on MasterChef.
Gordon Ramsay.
All right.
Let's see, going to the chatroom
at chat.orangelandraday.com.
Spazinator PC in chat says,
if there was a sequel to VVVVVVV,
would it be called VVVVVVVV2?
No.
VVVV70s or WWW?
I think it would probably be a letter repeated.
Ugh, I think I'd rather glue my forehead
to a donkey's ass.
An ass's ass.
It's neater than it sounds.
I don't think this,
it really depends what types of games you're into.
If you like actiony type of games,
you're probably not gonna get so much out of cogs,
but there's some people that just, to kill time,
like to sit there and play a little puzzler.
Like, you know, some of you probably play
Plants vs. Zombies, Bejeweled, those are puzzlers.
This is kind of right up that same alley.
All right, there you go.
Chat.orangelandtrady.com if you wanna join us live
on this Sunday night.
Let's get to some gaming news.
We'll start off with Loki.
Ah, yes.
Apparently, the PlayStation Vita
will not be coming out this year.
Too bad.
At least, not over here in the United States
or North America or in Europe.
Instead, it'll be coming out in early 2012.
Of course, I'm assuming Sony being a Japanese company,
the Japanese will get theirs holiday, 2011.
But yeah, right now, no real reason given,
other than, you know, I don't know that they're delaying it.
I think it's a good idea,
because if it means either more units being produced
so that they don't have shortages,
or to have better games coming out at launch,
I mean, both of those things would definitely help them out.
And of course, they were asked
whether they'd be lowering their price,
because Nintendo did it on the 3DS,
they lowered their price to compete with the Vita.
They basically said,
we packed so much into the device
and made it very affordable,
there's no need to lower the price
just because somebody else happens to be
in the video game business
and decided that they were gonna lower their price.
And honestly, there is a lot of components in the Vita,
but if that shit isn't gonna sell at launch,
they will lower the price.
That's just the way things are.
Something else though, got delayed to early 2012 as well.
That'd be Twisted Metal,
which was supposed to be coming out in October,
and now it's early 2012.
They basically said, you know,
late game is only late until it ships.
A bad game is bad until the end of time.
Great quote.
If we shipped Twisted Metal tomorrow,
going off the response from folks who have played it,
I assure you, it would never be a bad game.
But yes, they're spending the extra time polishing the game.
I can wait, it'll be awesome.
Yeah, that game has been in development
for quite some time now, hasn't it?
Yep.
So let's go back to the Vita being delayed.
What does it boil down to, the cost for delay?
It's parts, it's strategical, what's going on?
Because you kinda knew about this
before the rest of the internet did, didn't you?
Yes.
So what's up?
Nothing really, they didn't say.
They said it's 2012.
Part of me wondered if maybe they saw
what the 3DS was doing wrong.
And that was that the 3DS launched
without really having any good games at launch.
Debatable, I understand Street Fighter IV has its fans,
but let's face it, that was a port of a game
that had already been out for a couple years, right?
And if that's your strongest release title, something's up.
So maybe they were looking at that going,
well, what do we have coming out at launch on the Vita?
You know, if these developers aren't really ready
to put out all-star games, maybe now's not the time
to put out the Vita, because that was where my mind went,
is I said, well, maybe the Uncharted people
weren't ready to put out the game.
And if that's your biggest game
and that's gonna get delayed,
let's just delay the whole damn thing.
Could be.
Let's call the whole thing off.
Apparently, so.
All right, well, going to chat.orangelaunchradio.com,
Black Lab is in chat tonight saying,
I can tell Rob started talking mid-chew.
Hey, I gotta eat sometime.
When I got something to say, I'm gonna say it.
Let's see, Brakeman in chat says,
I got a PSP at full price, if only I'd waited.
Well, here's a newsflash.
You could wait to get a Vita too,
but it's probably gonna take a long time
for the price to drop on that,
especially if it comes out in the first part of next year.
There could be a small price drop at the end of next year
going into holiday 2012, but that's not for sure.
I'd be interested in the Vita
if they had Saints Row on it, or Grand Theft Auto.
Might just be a matter of time.
Either one of those is very interchangeable,
or Earth Defense Force.
Any of those three, I would definitely be down for a Vita,
but as of right now, I've seen how much
I play my 3DS, which is not at all.
So I just don't need another system
cluttering up my bank account.
All right, well let's talk about the other handheld,
the 3DS, oh, before we get to 3DS actually,
let me ask one more question.
Does this change your opinion at all about the Vita?
And I asked this to chat too.
Does it change your opinion thus far at the Vita?
Does it change the fact whether you want one or not?
For me, I'll start.
No, it doesn't really change my opinion of the Vita.
In fact, I actually kinda say, you know what?
If you're not ready, then that's cool.
Take your time till you've got a really solid launch lineup.
And B, the fact that the holidays
are gonna be killer anyway, I'm kinda glad
to not have to spend 250 bucks right now on a Vita as well,
because you know I'll have to have it.
So actually, I'm not so bothered by this.
What about you guys?
Loki?
I was kind of just warm about the Vita to begin with,
and nothing really stood out so far with the Vita
that says, I gotta have that system.
So until I see something like that,
then I don't really have to have that system.
It depends on finances.
I mean, the Vita looks nice, hooray.
But I hardly touch my PSP,
so why would I wanna touch the new one?
I really didn't play the PSP that much
except for Popolo Cross and Loco Roco.
There's gonna have to be those must-have games.
Yeah, it's really gonna be more of a matter of games.
I mean, even Dissidia wasn't really enough
to make me really wanna play my PSP.
But see, I got on board with PSP early
because the very first time I played Luminous,
I was like, oh my god, this is the best music puzzle game.
We had a PSP the day they came out.
Yeah, yeah.
And I love Luminous.
I remember playing it really drunk on my birthday,
playing Wendell's PSP.
Shining, shining, room is spinning.
Oh, I didn't even care.
There was a bunch of food, and I think I stopped for fire.
But I got to level 24 after, what,
that 25-ounce beer I drank.
But I mean, I've played stuff that I've liked,
but it's never been really enough to keep me.
I mean, I've taken it on trips and watched movies on it.
Now I have a netbook, so I watch movies on that instead.
Let's go to the chatters and see what they have to say.
Defective Candy in our chat room says,
kudos to them for taking the time
and trying to launch something solid instead of rushing it
like Nintendo.
SonicM88 says, Vita doesn't interest me.
I've never liked Sony's games.
Kitsune says, it may not carry all your favorite games yet,
but it definitely has a lot more than 3DS.
I'm psyched about the Vita.
Dungeonbuster says, doesn't really change my opinion either.
I have the same opinion that Loki does.
I just don't play handhelds all that much.
Mieglatov says, having played it at E3 this year,
it doesn't change my opinion.
Just makes me sad I have to wait longer.
Need sound shapes since it's like the Vita's luminous to me.
Spazinator says, I'd be interested in the Vita
if it'll print money, make me a sandwich,
and order me several slutty strippers every night.
You might be a little bit disappointed.
I don't think these slutty strippers will be in right away.
That could be in the 2.0 firmware though, so stay tuned.
Breakman says, it's a smart move for Sony
to move the Vita to next year.
They don't want to compare its sales
to the sales of the 3DS,
which I think will be one of the biggest Christmas gifts.
Interesting theory, maybe they did it to not compete
with the 3DS.
Maybe they want to hand this Christmas to Nintendo.
Maybe they're a little afraid of the competition.
Is that, does that sound too fanboy motivated or what?
I think it really just is a matter of putting out
a polished product because,
especially with the mistakes that Nintendo's made
with bringing the system out
and not having the right games for it,
that's really hurt their sales.
So I think that they're really just trying
to avoid that trap.
They've seen how it's bit Nintendo in the ass.
All right, well, let's move over and talk Nintendo then.
I was gonna move on and talk about the 3DS.
With the 3DS, there's some more comments
from Nintendo CEO, Satoru Iwata.
Of course, you all know who Iwata is.
He's the man at Nintendo.
He's talking about the 3DS and talking about
kind of the GameCube and how the two relates.
He said in an interview that the GameCube suffered
because Nintendo did not take opportunities
when they were available.
The general feeling within the company's management
is that the console had a chance to succeed,
but that the chance was not taken advantage of.
Iwata has said that the company learned its lesson
and that's why they did a price cut so soon after launch.
Interesting that they kind of brought up
the comparisons to the GameCube there.
Also, wanted to mention this with the 3DS price drop.
There's some rumors going around that Walmart
is going to drop the price early.
So if you wanna go to Walmart on August 9th,
that's the rumor anyway, they are supposedly dropping
the suggested retail price down a little early to the 170.
What this means is that you might be able
to get your cake and eat it too,
meaning if you can buy one of these things
in that window between the early price drop
and the price drop for everybody else,
quickly get it on the Nintendo eShop,
then you will be an early adopter.
So not only did you get the cheap 3DS,
but you got the $80 worth of games too.
So that's one way of working the system.
So I guess call your local Walmart or check.
Who knows, Nintendo may put the smack down on that though.
I don't know if they can.
Loki, I don't know if you know from the retail angle,
but could Nintendo stop this?
Like if Walmart wants to cut the price three days early,
can Nintendo stop that or no?
Well, here's a couple factors that they have in that.
One, whether there is map pricing on it or not,
which is the minimum advertised price.
So if they have map pricing in place on it,
it may prevent them from advertising it lower
than a certain amount.
Also, if they're being price protected on it,
any of those, fucking,
any of those units that they sold
prior to it dropping in price,
they don't get any of the money
from when it dropped in price.
So they would be eating the cost on that.
Now, I wouldn't see Walmart as a company doing this,
but I know that, and none of the people I know,
or work with in the industry do this,
but I know there's people out there to do that,
you can manipulate your price protection
by fudging the numbers, if you will,
and then saying, oh, I didn't really sell
as many units as I did,
and then you get the price protection,
and then you sold those units.
That's how you-
There's kind of ways to work this system,
but Walmart's probably too big to do that.
I wouldn't think they would be able to do that.
So, I don't know.
I don't think that they would be getting
any sort of special exception either,
but you never know.
Well, I mean, I think there's a very small group
that this would even really apply to,
because you're talking about people who won a 3DS,
who didn't already buy one,
who are really just waiting to seize an opportunity,
like it's like couponing or something.
You've got the extreme couponer crowd of video gamers.
I can't buy meat until Wednesday,
because then it's on sale.
Exactly, that's the crowd
that this type of thing calls to,
because that means you have to have $170
burning a hole in your pocket right now,
saying, I'm dropping it on a 3DS,
because I need to be an early adopter,
and I know I want a 3DS.
So, I don't know if that is really a whole lot of people,
but if it's you, start calling places on,
or even get out in the car,
and go to some different places on the 9th, what, Tuesday?
And I totally lost track of time.
Yes, that's Tuesday.
And go check out who might have dropped the price early,
because you never know.
And you have until, what, Thursday night
to connect that thing online
to be considered an early adopter.
Although, what's interesting is that
your system never really tells you
if you're an early adopter or not.
You just kind of have to hope that,
well, I connected to the eShop,
and, well, let's just hope I get lucky.
I downloaded a couple things from the eShop,
so I'm hoping that I'm considered an early adopter.
If not...
Rage, podcast rage.
It's pitchforks and torches.
Exactly, that's kind of where I'm at.
It's like, hey, wait, I have Zelda Color Game Boy
that I got for free, so clearly I had it during E3.
I bought this, like, was it almost day one or...
Was it day one?
I don't even remember when I bought that.
You bought, well, you had the Japanese 3DSs
like hecka early.
True.
But still, though, I had it almost like day one,
so I'm about to begin my fucking games.
I want my games.
I'm gonna come to your house.
All right, let's move on, Dark Sakura.
Twinbee.
So, it's going to be the next game after Urban Champion
to get the 3D Classic deal done to it for the 3DS.
Anyone remember Twinbee?
I love Twinbee.
Wasn't it, didn't it have a different name,
like Stinger or something?
Yes, it was Stinger over here on the NES.
I did do a review, by the way, of Daytona Twinbee, so.
Twinbee is basically a top-down shooter
with cutesy little Twinbee and Winbee,
and you shoot bells for your power-ups
and all kinds of neat stuff.
So, it's going to be out in Japan on August 10th,
and hopefully we'll have it soon after.
I mean, we don't have Urban Champion yet,
but maybe we'll get it.
But Twinbee!
Do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do.
Why this game?
It seems interesting that out of, like,
all the 3D remakes they could do, we're in Twinbee.
I honestly...
You've got to admit, it's not really
the first title you think of.
I think Twinbee, though,
if you look how the levels are laid out,
I think Twinbee does make sense on a graphic,
from a graphic sense,
because you've got your clouds
with all the bells hidden in them,
you've got your bottom layer with, you know,
so you can actually move your...
The same way that it's Xevious, basically.
Yeah, basically the same thing.
But I think it would work for the game.
I think it would be cute.
All right, interesting.
Going back a little bit,
since we're a little bit delayed
between when we say something
and when the live listeners hear it,
because the encoding and everything,
Kaijuto in chat says,
no, you'll know you're an early adopter
because your eShop list will have a section for it
like the PlayStation Network store did.
Really?
But how do we know the non-early adopters don't see that?
Because we haven't gotten that far yet.
Could just be a place that's in the store
as like a heads up or something.
Who knows?
Zether in chat says,
I hope Twinbee isn't Japan only for the 3DS.
It's a good game.
I would imagine if there's money to be made,
why not come out here?
But of course, I don't know, the whole region...
This is Nintendo we're talking about.
And the same could be said of the last story, Xenoblade.
I don't know.
Zether in chat says,
the thing is,
Stinger was actually the second Twinbee NES game.
So who knows what they might do with this 3D remake?
I probably won't buy it.
No, I mean...
There's just too much.
Honestly, if I was gonna go buy Twinbee,
I'd hook up my PC Engine and play my HuCard.
And play a good version of Twinbee.
Not the old NES premium.
I'm not saying the NES version is crap,
but I could play a good version.
I've got multiples, so...
Honestly, what I would do
is probably just play Parodius instead.
All right, let's move on with more news.
So the Humble Indie Bundle 3
has taken in a good,
was it $100 million in the first week.
And they've had over 215,000 downloads already.
Of course, they've just expanded the bundle with Steel Storm.
And then of course the average price is just a little...
Well, at the time it was a little under five bucks.
Now it's just a little over five bucks.
And I guess Linux purchasers are paying a little bit more.
I had 11.62 as the average there.
Of course, they wouldn't just leave it there.
No, they're going to also
add Atom Zombie Smasher,
which is another free game
that they're gonna throw in there.
Also, if you buy the Humble Indie Bundle 3
over the average cost,
which is funny because it's been slowly creeping up.
I believe the last we checked was $5.69,
you can actually get the Humble Indie Bundle 2 as well.
So that's another six games thrown in there.
CRAN Physics Deluxe.
And yet it moves, VVVVV.
And then the set two was Braid Cortex Command Machinium.
I can't pronounce that shit.
Why can't I pronounce that shit?
Machinarium, I guess.
Machinarium.
Machinarium.
Thank you.
My mouth just didn't want to form the word.
It's like, bleh.
Okay, our mouth was mush for machinarium.
Yes.
Osmose and Revenge of the Titans.
You know it's a weird week at OLR
when I'm the one correcting people on pronunciation.
Like, what is up?
There's something, something is in these fries
the Dark Sakura made us.
Yeah, awesome.
Mouth numbing awesome.
I feel like suddenly it's that level in Yoshi's Island
where you touch fuzzy and you get dizzy
and all of a sudden it's like,
Loki's trying to read Machinarium and he's like,
Machinarium.
There's so much by the way.
What's that level?
Really?
Yes.
I'll get more dizzy.
Sounds fun.
She's totally, the garlic salt had crack in it or something.
I didn't use garlic salt.
I used garlic.
Oh, what was this?
Oh, it was like Himalayan salt.
Whatever.
Made with real Himalayans.
Anyhow.
Okay, back to the-
Made from the tears of Himalayans.
Back to the Humble Indie Bundle,
which may or may not be available in Himalaya.
How long are they selling this for anyways?
I think it's only for about another week.
I don't, it's a limited time.
I know that cause I totally missed it last year
cause I don't know, I was drunk or something.
I just totally missed it and I meant to get it
and I never did.
But this year, you betcha I got it,
especially because I'd heard such great things
about VVVVV and I wanted to try it for myself
and I'm really glad I did.
And I'm telling you guys,
for as many games as you get with this,
if you put in six bucks, you've got to get it.
So even if you're like starving student, whatever,
at least pay a dollar.
Go without a soda today and pay a dollar
for just the Humble Indie Bundle three games.
It's so worth it.
And the money goes to a good cause.
It goes to wherever you want it to go to.
You can split it between the different companies
and so forth.
I'm telling you, don't kick yourself later
when you miss out on this.
And don't be a cheapskate either.
If you can afford more than a dollar,
then give them 10 or whatever.
Give them as much as you would pay
for an Xbox Live Arcade game or what have you at least.
Cause I think the games are really worth it.
And I'd like to see a Humble Indie Bundle part four.
So what's that only day and a half.
It looks like, better hurry.
Day and a half.
You can have all the money go to charity if you want.
That's the cool thing about it.
So you better hurry up on that,
especially those of you listening to the podcast.
If it's after Monday night, you might already be screwed,
but you really got to check that out.
So, all right, moving on to something less humble.
And wouldn't you know it, it's another story about Capcom.
Like I hate to keep kicking these guys week after week,
but something is up with the management at Capcom.
Like something has really changed
and not in a good way at Capcom.
And wait until you hear this.
Like we're going from Humble Indie Bundle,
pay what you want to this story.
Capcom is testing the waters in Japan on something.
It's a demo of a game called Nazu Waka Yakata.
It is a interesting title.
It doesn't use buttons on the 3DS.
It relies on sound and the microphone.
There's like this little trailer
that I'm playing in studio for the games.
We can kind of look at it here,
get the sense of what this game's all about.
I guess you-
I wonder if this is kind of like C-Man
or something where you talk
and interact with the on-screen characters.
It's kind of the sense I get.
It's like a creepy dude on screen.
It's a ghost.
He has no feet, he's a ghost.
It's like you kind of like explore these rooms and talk.
So that's the game, right?
I don't know if it's something that's planned
to come out here yet.
Creepy children.
That's right.
Anyhow, why is this important?
Because the demo that's coming out on the 3DS
is going to cost 200 yen.
That would be about the equivalent
of $2.50 here in America.
What we are talking about is a paid demo for the game.
Now, granted, that's a cheap demo
and one could argue that, well,
you're still getting to play at least part of the game,
but doesn't something strike you as really, really wrong
about the concept of a paid demo,
especially from a company that's thrived on
great word of mouth from free demos throughout the years?
Like, I don't know, Dead Rising.
Like a lot of people decided they wanted that game
based off the demo.
Lost Planet, same type of thing, right?
So why now a change in the strategy?
Was this maybe a part of the whole,
they were gonna charge for the Mega Man Legends 3 prototype,
which was essentially a paid demo?
Like, what is going on?
What do you guys think of paid demos?
Is it a rip?
Or is it worth it?
It depends on how much of the game you're getting.
Yeah.
Because if it is like a really in-depth demo,
then yeah, I can see $2.50 forward.
I mean, keep in mind,
I used to get the PlayStation,
people used to just basically buy
the PlayStation Magazine thing for the demo discs.
No, that's true, that's true.
That's an interesting comparison.
And the same was done with the Xbox Magazine,
same was done with Dreamcast.
Because I have a bunch of demo discs from magazines
because I wanted to try out the game
that was on the demo disc,
and the only way you could get it was on the magazine.
You still got a magazine, though.
That was the thing, you're buying the magazine.
Whether you're buying the magazine for the disc
or buying it for whatever,
that was paid for by advertisers.
And you could say the disc is tangible.
I mean, but it's an interesting comparison
I haven't heard yet.
Well, it's not the first time
that they've done this kind of crap.
I mean, look at, you know,
you might even say like Dead Rising Case Zero
or whatever was a paid demo.
Because it's an Xbox Live Arcade game.
Oh, I'm sorry, it was a prequel to Dead Rising 2.
Yeah, whatever, okay, it was basically a demo.
So you gave the demo a unique storyline
that tied into the actual game.
I kind of looked at it as DLC
that didn't require the game.
That's, and that's why I kind of let it slide.
It was something extra that wasn't actually in the game
that, you know, had its own achievements,
it had its own ranking,
it was its own kind of standalone thing.
Well, what if, you know,
for people who've bought the demo for the game,
they get something cool when the actual game comes out?
What if that's associated with it?
Because we don't have that detail.
You know, it's funny,
kind of a similar comment we have in chat.
Chalice's pop in our chat room says,
if it was a pre-order bonus disc
that came with a cash deposit,
or I could use that money down
against the retail version of the game,
and I don't buy it my loss, then I'd be okay with it.
But to buy a demo and then buy the retail version
for full price, I don't know,
I just wait for reviews and go straight to the retail.
See, I think that they're gonna have to work out
some sort of perk with that or it's gonna fail.
They have to give people incentive to,
especially for such a bizarre looking game.
What an interesting way that digital distribution
could go though.
Imagine if, and I guess to some extent one could argue
you kind of have this already with some things,
but what if like you could play the first stage of a game
by paying two bucks, and then if you like it,
you buy the entire game for an extra 38?
Isn't that kind of how the Xbox arcade thing?
You don't pay for those demos.
But since you brought up Xbox.
But I mean you could pay a couple of levels
and then if you had to do one of the game in your arcade,
wasn't that like?
Game room?
Yeah.
Sorta?
Yeah.
Kinda.
Kinda.
I don't know, game room was kind of its own thing.
I get what you're going with that though.
But I think more about Fable 2, I think they did this.
I think they chopped up Fable 2 into like six chapters
and they put it out as episodes.
So they kinda did something like this.
But I mean it was a while after the whole thing
had already been released.
Like they just wanted to sell
as many freaking copies of that game any way they could.
Slice it, dice it, circumcise it,
whatever you gotta do to sell the game
bit by bit, little by little.
Yeah.
So.
Milk that franchise.
Exactly.
Dungeon Buster says Wolf 3D gave you
the first few levels for free
and then if you wanted the whole game then you paid.
You didn't pay up front, same with Doom.
One could argue that you might have paid
for Wolfenstein 3D.
No, I did pay for shareware.
You had to buy the shareware disk.
Because you used to have to buy the disks.
You would go buy the floppies at the store
that already had it on there.
So that was fine, but here's the thing though
about shareware for the most part.
Shareware, you could enjoy the game as a whole
with just the shareware.
Like you would get one campaign of it I guess.
But you could get the additional campaigns
if you had the full disk.
Like Wolfenstein, you play through the whole first campaign
but there was four campaigns total with the full version.
This is a demo.
This is not, you know, part of the game.
This is the demo.
This is Capcom figuring out ways to be dicks.
I mean, whether it's locking saves or weird DRM,
it's their way of, you know,
how can we make more money and fuck people over?
Because that's what we do best, Capcom.
Whoa, but this is not the same Capcom from a year ago
that started Mega Man Legends in the first place.
Is Bobby Kotick running Capcom for some reason?
Did he like just all of a sudden,
is he like Fred Savage where he wears
a bunch of different skin suits?
Did Activision buy Capcom and we just didn't hear?
Like is that what happened?
So, all right.
Anyhow, I guess at the end of the day,
if you don't like it, don't buy it.
That's how they'll get the message.
Well, it's a weird Japanese game
that will probably never make it over here
so that is easy enough.
And I'm saying it to the Japanese listeners,
all three of you.
Let's see, Kitsune, Ikuma JP, and I think there's one other.
All three of you, make a stand.
Three out of three OLR listeners in Japan reject this game.
All right, moving on.
Well, how about some news about harmonics?
We haven't really heard from them in a while, have we?
I heart harmonics.
What's new with harmonics?
Whatever happened to that, sorry,
I know this isn't what you're reporting on,
but whatever happened to that freaking game
they were supposed to announce at E3
that kind of disappeared.
What, you mean vid rhythm?
Yeah, vid rhythm.
They didn't say much about it.
No real details yet, but anyway, they're happy.
They like not being a part of Viacom
or any other calm there is.
In fact, Tracy Rosenthal Newsome,
who is the VP of production,
said it's been a terrific opportunity.
And I quote, we are very well supported,
but really the most important thing
is that there's a huge amount of creative energy
that has bubbled up during our independence.
They've been in development of Dance Central 2
and they're putting small games together,
making prototypes and innovating.
So they are still working on vid rhythm,
which there's not too many details,
but it's just been described as fun.
They're not giving a timeline,
but we'll be hearing about it soon is what she said.
Well, vid rhythm is made up of vid and rhythm and fun.
But right now the focus is on Rock Band DLC.
And it's saying that Rock Band 3
still has tons of life left in it.
So we can be expecting, of course,
Dance Central 2 on connect in fall.
Any thoughts on possible Rock Band 4 next year?
Or do you think, no, it's still too soon to bring?
Thinks too soon.
You think, really?
Yeah.
I really do think it is too soon.
I was randomly thinking about that the other day
as like, well, obviously all those games
took this year off, except for Dance Central,
but the plastic instrument games
will say are taking the year off.
And they're saying that Guitar Hero is not dead.
I think they've said Rock Band's not dead,
but they're all taking a break.
But I wonder if it's a break until next year,
or maybe it's gonna be a break long enough
for the next wave of consoles as well.
That's a good thought.
I mean, I think right now is just they're really
trying to avoid that oversaturation.
They've got a good product now.
They're still selling something
without having to develop anything new right now.
So as long as it's selling
and as long as people keep buying the download packs,
then there's no reason for them to make a new one yet.
Well, and Dance Central 2
is probably gonna sell really well.
It'll probably stay a huge connect seller
through the holidays.
So I think everybody knows it, you know.
First one was a quality connect.
I like dance masters.
Ew.
All right, let's travel around the world
and look at some release dates
and see what you can get a whole lot sooner
than the holidays as in next week.
What's coming out next week in America?
Not much of anything.
Hasn't that been like this,
the reaction for like the past four weeks?
Well, no.
Nothing has freaking come out of here.
There was actually stuff last week
or this week, I should say.
No, the next week, there really is hardly anything.
I mean, here's what we got
and I'll run it down real quick.
Wait, can I say this real quick though?
It did make the show real tonight,
but there was a big press release
about how Catherine is Atlas's biggest launch seller ever.
It's already sold like 200,000 copies.
I gotta admit, there is this cynical part of me
that's kind of like, you sold that much
because there's nothing else to buy right now.
There is nothing else.
It also helps that you put a woman
with large breasts on your...
Yeah, that helps too.
That does help too, yeah.
And all the trailers have been, you know,
her sleeping with a dude.
It just shows, America wants porno games.
Think about it.
Yeah, they do.
All right, here's what we got coming out next week.
All DS titles.
Touch and Play Collection on the Nintendo DS.
It's a bunch of casual games.
Hurrah.
Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
It's an adventure game on the DS.
And Puzzler World 2.
Once again, another collection of casual puzzle games.
That is it.
Done.
Nothing else to report on.
Is it because kids are getting ready to go back to school?
No, it's just a dead week.
I don't know.
A week after there's some stuff.
It's just, you know, I don't know.
All right.
Well, let's travel to Japan
and look at the Japanese release dates.
Let's see if it's a similar story over there.
Well, I'll tell you this.
On the Xbox 360 this week, nothing.
Nothing coming out on the 360 this week.
Going over to the PlayStation 3.
WWE All-Stars is released this week from THQ.
So, I guess you have that.
Going to the Nintendo systems,
seeing if there's anything coming out there.
Actually, I have the PSP up first on my list.
There's Monhuniki, Poka Poka, Ailou Muraji,
and then Uta No, Prince Sama Repeat.
Yes, those are the two games coming out.
Uta means song or theme.
That first one, the Monhuniki,
is a farm, fish, and hunt monsters RPG on the PSP.
And then the second one there is,
it looks like it's from Broccoli.
Oh, oh, oh, let me look at it.
I thought Broccoli went into business.
Nope, they're still there.
And it looks like it might be like a...
It's a dating sim for girls.
Kinda.
It's a pretty boy.
Yeah, pretty boy dating sim.
Theme of the Prince Repeat.
Oh, it could be like a redo.
If it's called Repeat,
it could be like a re-release or something like that.
Or a special edition.
Whatever, I don't think anyone here
is gonna be importing that.
Kitsune, Ikuma, JP, any interest in that game?
I'm thinking no.
And that's it.
You go to the Wii, there's nothing.
3DS, Super Pokemon Scramble.
I guess that's kind of a big deal.
It is a Pokemon game coming out.
It's not an official Pokemon black or white
type of Pokemon game,
but it is a Pokemon related universe game.
That's probably the biggest release this week.
Unless you wanna get a new pouch for your 3DS
with Street Fighter characters on it.
There you go.
Your very busy release day schedule in Japan.
How about your...
There's a few things.
Actually, today, I guess already,
Dragon Quest Monsters Joker 2 came out.
On the 10th, we have Fruit Ninja Connect,
and Hysteria Project 2 for PSP and PlayStation 3.
And on the 11th, we have Edge, and that's it.
Meh.
Thank God we do have some people in Japan
who actually listen to this show.
Kitsune actually is jumping in saying,
Utuno Prince Sama is actually an anime in Japan.
So it is an actual anime.
Let's see, I'm actually trying to...
Oh, opening theme.
Looks very...
Yeah, I wanna play that.
Shoujo.
I'll watch it.
Ah.
Just watching that trailer gave me a period.
All right.
No ice cream for you.
Moving on.
More gaming news, Loki.
Ah, that's a very wonderful image.
So...
I got a uterus, let's make a baby.
Chirp, chirp.
Yes, the studio behind Minecraft, Mojang,
they have been threatened with lawsuit
over their new game called Scrolls.
Apparently, Scrolls is a card game.
Like a card RPG strategy game or whatever.
And it kinda looks a little medieval-ish.
And so Bethesda's saying,
hey, that infringes on our own trademark,
the Elder Scrolls.
I don't know if I'd buy that.
Because they have the monopoly on Scrolls.
Exactly.
That's what it is.
This reminds me of, God, what was that?
It was the Mirror's Edge stuff.
And I think it was Edge,
or something about using Edge in a game
was inappropriate or whatever.
The guys tried to sue.
Oh, well, it's just like, was it Monster?
Monster Cables, they sue everybody
that uses the word monster and stuff.
Even if it has nothing to do with cables,
electronics, anything, yes.
These people are what we call assholes.
Or their lawyers are assholes.
I'm sorry, when it's a generic,
it would be different if it was like
the Elder Cards or something like that.
Okay, you got something there, maybe.
But if a word scrolls,
which no one owns a trademark to the word scrolls,
you have the Elder Scrolls.
If it was like the Elder Card Scrolls battle game.
The Elder Parchments, Armageddon.
You know, if it was something like that,
then yeah, you might have a case.
But it's just too damn generic.
And honestly, I don't think they're gonna win,
even if they did end up going through with a lawsuit.
They're just playing the tactic right now
where it's like, oh, we're big bad Bethesda.
You know, we're gonna file a lawsuit against you,
so you little indie developer better do what we want.
Why do big companies have to be bullies like that?
It's kind of a double-edged sword everywhere.
It's basically, they have to protect
their intellectual properties,
but at the same time, they kind of overstep
their boundaries and try to go after people
that really aren't trying to infringe
on their intellectual properties,
and that's what's going on here.
It's because the people that make the games
aren't necessarily the suits and the lawyers
that are actually going after these people.
It's separate entities altogether.
All right.
Clearly, this will get settled out of court,
which means they're probably gonna end up
being forced to change the name, and then that's it,
which is ridiculous.
I hope they kind of stick to their guns and don't do it.
Call it mind scrolls.
There you go.
All right, let's move on,
talk about some Kinect news related on the Xbox.
Apparently, a rating has been spotted
for Kinect Fun Labs Air Band.
I guess that is the next Fun Lab that's gonna come out.
Did you guys know that that whole Be in a Talk Show thing
came out for Fun Labs?
I have yet to play it.
Fun Labs, what?
And I guess Sparkler's out too.
Huh?
I thought that was Avatar Kinect,
not, you know, that was something separate.
That's what it's called, Avatar Kinect.
Yeah, that came out, and then the Sparkler thing
that they were showing at E3 came out.
I haven't played either one.
Yeah, I don't care about either one of those.
Dark Soccer, at some point, you should take your Kinect
out of the box.
It'll work a lot better.
As soon as someone lends me as dance masters.
No.
You said you were gonna lend it to me.
You have Kinect adventures to play.
Go rafting.
No, don't go rafting.
You can do Avatar Kinect.
You can host your own Oprah show as your avatar.
You can do Kinect, okay, okay, Kinect Sparkler.
It's kind of like having fire in your hands.
You don't like fire?
I don't want to para para.
It's kind of like if fire was lame.
And really, you know, how can you make fire lame?
You can't, but yet,
Kinect's Fun Labs manages to make fire lame.
All right, so I guess,
Kinect Fun Labs Air Band's probably coming.
I want to say, when they did the whole voting
on the different, like, labs to come out,
wasn't one of them like a keyboard that you could play,
like, in that scene from Big,
but you didn't actually need a keyboard on the ground?
Like, that was one of the whole,
that's what this sounds like.
Oh, I really hope it is.
I really hope it is,
because I could relive that scene from Big
over and over again,
and I will be the life of my own party.
Hold on, though.
In about another year,
wouldn't something like that entertain Josh
for, like, 15 minutes at least?
No.
No?
It's not even a babysitter?
No.
No?
No.
Connect-O-Moles would entertain him,
but, you know, Kinect Fun Labs, no.
It's just like, hey, look, haha,
look at all these indie guys
who are doing all these hacks and stuff.
We want a piece of that action, you know?
Come to Kinect, because it's fun.
It's whimsical.
No, all this shit's gonna be is fucking Wii music, okay?
That's all this bullshit Wii music.
God, even saying the word Wii music
just flashes me back to the E3 press conference
where Miyamoto comes out playing a fucking fake,
you know, saxophone thing, and how lame that was.
It's just like, ah, it burns!
It's so terrible.
It's like you're suffering from
post-traumatic stress disorder or something.
I'm suing Nintendo, PTSD from their damn conference.
All right, well, I don't know
if you'll wanna sue Microsoft over this,
but they are trying to put out more Kinect games.
They are actually saying one Kinect-enabled
Xbox Live Arcade game a month.
That's something they're trying to do there.
That is according to product marketing manager Robin Burrow.
Quote, we're targeting a frequency of about one a month
for Xbox Live Arcade portfolio
that will have Kinect integration.
That will be really powerful and differentiate the platform.
Of course, coming out very soon, Fruit Ninja Kinect.
We'll kick things off.
Fruit Ninja Kinect, eh, that's stupid, silly fun.
But some of the other stuff that they had,
you know, like the new Burnout game,
just makes me wanna cry.
It's just, it's Burnout, a great franchise,
great racing game, and we have this top-down thing
where I gotta hop up and down to make my car explode.
Lame.
This isn't Micro Machines, this is fucking Burnout.
If I wanna play Micro Machines,
the top-down racing game from like the 90s,
I'd play Micro Machines, maybe 80s.
Might be before the 90s.
Freaking John Machida.
That's what I'm talking about.
All right, let's move on, I guess,
to the classic game of the week.
We're just running through the news tonight.
It's kind of a slow news week.
It's hard to fill a three-hour show
when there's not too much going on outside of
kids going back to school and so forth,
especially, look at what's coming out
this week in games, nothing.
So why not go back and revisit a classic?
Every week here on the show,
Dark Sakura takes a step into the vault,
finds a classic video game that she thinks,
hey, you ungrateful brats, study this.
It's a classic video game of the week.
Dark Sakura, what game did you pick
for your classic video games?
I picked a really fucked up game,
game series, I should say.
Black Matrix.
It's actually Black Slash Matrix.
Is that like Keanu Reeves?
Whoa, I know what a fool.
It's actually a tactical RPG series.
And it's sort of like,
it kind of does like a mimicking
of Christian religious themes,
but it's kind of different.
It has heaven, hell, earth,
and all the people that live there.
And the first one came out in 1998
for the Sega Saturn.
And it was just so weird.
Okay, first of all, you play as
a different character who belongs
to a dominatrix of some sort.
And then you fight, sort of like,
you've got your move, your attack,
your item, that's all a turn-based
strategy game type of game.
I didn't really quite get into it,
but it had a very interesting story,
I should put it that way.
You also had counters, you could defend,
you could dodge attacks.
You also had a waiting attack.
You also had magic commands.
You also had different spell effectiveness
that changed from turn to turn
that was controlled by biorhythms.
You had, instead of magic points,
you had blood points, and you can distribute
your blood points to all the usable characters
to use for their spell casting.
And you get more by attacking defeated enemies.
So you basically kill them and steal their blood.
And then you can actually put blood points
into weapons to unleash a special attack,
called its latent ability,
or you could make it more effective.
You could add different types of damage
that the weapon would deal.
And then after each battle, you get a letter grade rank,
depending on how well you did.
And so you get bonus items, money, and experience,
depending on how well you did in battle,
which I thought was a really cool system.
So basically, the main character of the first one
is named Abel, who is an amnesiac,
and he is the main protagonist of Black Matrix.
He's basically an angel, and he's locked up in the prison
for the crime of love.
And he can change Black Wings into White Wings
and all kinds of different stuff.
And then you get your different masters,
your dominatrixes.
You know, you have Domina, Purica,
Michette, Purecious, and Prague.
So, who I always used to just call plague.
But you also could get a male master named Zero
who was available after a code.
So you have all kinds of different ones.
Then Black Matrix 2 came out.
Actually, let me go back.
I should actually talk about Black Matrix AD Advanced,
and then Black Matrix Cross are in the same series.
They're the same game, pretty much.
They just add different elements to the game.
So I forgot to mention those.
And then we got, okay, Black Matrix 2 came out
for the PlayStation 2 on March 28th, 2002,
and it's set in the hell realm.
And it's, again, more of the same stuff.
You have, instead, though, you have your main character
who was like the strongest devil in hell,
and then he got amnesia.
Oops.
And so, you know, it has,
the story actually revolves around that.
Then there was Black Matrix Zero,
which is actually listed as Zero Zero.
They came out on May 13th, 2004 on the PlayStation.
And again, like all the other ones,
it was only out in Japan.
And it's a prequel to the other Black Matrix games.
And that's pretty much it.
You really cannot get them in English
unless someone has managed to do some kind of patch.
And they're really fucked up games.
Also, they have great music.
I do have to say that, like, that one right there.
That's the, that's Zero Zero, isn't it?
Yeah, this is First Battle.
It's got great music.
It's one thing I did like about these games
is it had fantastic music.
But it's just the themes are really, really dark.
Brightman in chat wants to know who made this game.
Cheech or Chong?
That wasn't funny.
It actually came out by Flight Plan.
And it was published by Inter Channel
in case anyone actually was curious for a real reason.
One of the titles actually did get considered
for a North American release.
However, because of the religious themes in it,
I would actually have to say pretty sacrilegious things
in it, it got the boot.
I think we were supposed to get-
Could they have just changed the art or something?
And I don't know.
Isn't there other ways they can kind of get around it?
They can release anime with that.
They should be able to release a video game with that.
The Flight Matrix just had a pretty interesting story.
And yeah, but the first one was really, in my opinion,
the best, because you have to work
for your dominatrix mistress.
And you choose your mistress, by the way,
at the beginning of the game.
Sexy.
Yeah, so that's it.
All right, there it is, your classic game of the week.
Black Matrix, that's black slash matrix.
And good luck finding that one to play.
I have a friend who's got the Saturn version.
But think about it, you'll learn Japanese while you play,
because it's not in English at all.
So good luck with that.
All right, but a good trip down memory lane nonetheless,
on a one that I'm sure most people listening
probably have never heard of, so there you go.
All right, anyhow, that's gonna do it
for the first half of our show tonight.
Don't go anywhere, guys, we still have plenty to go here
tonight on Orange Lounge Radio.
Some rapid fire news when we get back.
We gotta talk about what happened
on Blizzard's call this week.
Some really interesting updates on Diablo 3,
as well as World of Warcraft.
Another lawsuit involving Band Hero.
And you're never gonna believe this story about Skyrim.
It actually has nothing to do with the game.
Just wait for it.
We'll talk about all that when we come back
with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
["Orange Lounge Radio Theme Song"]
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live on this Sunday evening,
August the 7th, if I lose my calendar right, of 2011,
where we're taping the 423rd episode of our show.
I'm starting to lose count, oh my gosh.
Anyhow, we're gonna get back
into some rapid fire news tonight,
and do some quick stories for you guys.
Luke, you start us off.
All right, so let's see, starting things off,
let's talk a little bit about Borderlands 2,
which I'm very excited that got announced.
That'll be coming out sometime after March 2012.
It's gonna be the next fiscal year for Take Two.
And it's pretty awesome.
They had a little bit of a tease in the new Game Informer.
Some of the details, I've kind of bleeped out about it
so far, one of the new playable characters
is gonna be Salvador the Dwarf, he is what they call
a Gunzerker, basically a guy that's able
to dual wield weapons, which is pretty cool.
And of course they're saying that there's gonna be
better AI, as well as the old NPC character,
or the old characters from the first game
are gonna be NPC characters in this new game.
Yeah, it looks awesome, I can't wait to check it out.
The first game was just amazing.
Of course, DC Universe Online is doing pretty well.
Right now they're going to be merging some servers
into mega servers, and this is gonna be happening on Monday.
That doesn't strike me as news you hear
when a game's doing well.
Well, whatever, well is the subjective term.
I guess so.
Apparently they're previously held as super servers.
Mega servers will give the player's ability
to switch between PVP and PVE styles of gameplay.
And, I don't know, I guess before it was maybe.
Oh hey, apparently we're playing Listis tonight,
except we're not, sorry about that.
I think maybe before they were, you had to switch
actual servers, you had to have a player on each server
in order to do that, I'm not sure.
But right now the servers are set to be merged
into four mega servers, one PC, one PS3 server
for the US with twin servers in the European regions.
So wow, that's interesting.
So I guess if you're playing in the US,
you'll be playing with everybody in the US.
All five other people that are playing
DC Universe right now.
Yeah.
I'm just mad, DC Universe players
are gonna write angry emails to the show.
I'm not, I'm only being half serious.
I mean, I don't know many people at all
that are playing it, but obviously some people are.
I don't know anyone that plays EverQuest either,
but that game's still going.
Although, the way things are right now though
with all the server merges, some players
will be forced to change their names after the merge,
since two characters cannot exist
with the same name on the same server.
So now you'll have to be xxxseparath69xxx, yeah.
And then finally, the first jailbreak,
or PS3 jailbreak raid in South Africa
has one man arrested.
Didn't even know they were still going after people there.
So apparently they raided this guy in Park Town
and confiscated $14,000 worth of computers,
PS3s, hard drives, jailbreak software, USB kits,
and fake PS2 games and original PS3 games.
And they said one man was taken into custody
at the Special Commercial Crimes Court, but made bail.
What exactly is the crime that these folks are committing?
Jailbreaking the PS3?
Yeah, jailbreaking the PS3.
Which really shouldn't be a crime in the first place.
I guess it's a different country,
but I thought when it came at least to this country,
they found in a court of law
that you can jailbreak your phone.
Your iPhone.
Well your phone, yeah, because that's added
to a list of devices that it's okay and legal
to do that with, however the PlayStation 3
is not one of those devices.
Now they were hoping the whole GeoHats thing
that it would actually go to trial
and he would be found innocent,
which case would set a precedent
that it's okay to jailbreak that stuff.
Of course, him being a pussy also backed out of everything
and they settled out of court
so he can get his job at Sony or whatever.
And so there's no precedent set there.
I don't think he works at Sony actually.
Yeah, he works at Facebook,
but who cares, he's still pussy.
But you're not mad, not at all.
Oh, I don't care.
All right, there's no reason for me
to jailbreak my PS3.
Don't play enough games on it.
All right, let me do some quick stories here.
One of them has to do with that 3D TV.
Remember this announcement at E3 from Sony?
Turned a lot of heads.
They were gonna be selling a 3D TV
that came with the TV, obviously it was like a monitor,
glasses, an HDMI cable, and a copy of Resistance 3
and it was all gonna be $499, right?
Well, it's not really gonna come
with Resistance 3 anymore.
That's changed a little bit.
So they've decided now it's going to be
MotorStorm Apocalypse instead of Resistance 3.
Perhaps they want folks to buy the game separately.
Maybe they don't wanna be giving it away.
Perhaps that MotorStorm Apocalypse didn't sell
as well as they had planned and they are sitting
on a ton of them and they need to get rid of them.
You also get a free copy of E.T. for the Atari 2600.
Go figure.
They're just throwing that in there for free.
I don't know how Sony got ahold of them.
I guess they moved their corporate offices to New Mexico.
No, don't get me wrong.
In MotorStorm Apocalypse, it's sad that it didn't sell
as well as they had hoped.
It's a great game.
It's just, you know, I think people were hoping
to get Resistance 3.
Although, I'm not sure if it made our show roll,
but if you pre-order through GameStop,
you still do get Resistance 3 and MotorStorm Apocalypse.
But that would require pre-ordering through GameStop.
Yes. And I hate them so much.
Why would you pre-order a TV through GameStop?
Don't do that.
Do not be tempted by this.
Amazon will match it.
Somebody will match it.
Just wait.
Anyhow, let's see.
Apparently, there was a statement made to GameSpot
that, not GameStop, but GameSpot.
I want to start a website called GamePots,
because apparently there's this every way,
which way you can rearrange that word.
MotorStorm Apocalypse, it will have the full screen,
but split screen functionality.
Remember that whole, you know, 3D,
but one person will see one screen
and one will see the other. Yeah, I played that.
That's going to be in MotorStorm Apocalypse.
Yeah, I played with MLB 11, the show,
which I really didn't want to play MLB.
See, they had a demonstration during our little
Game of Summit thing.
I wanted to play MotorStorm.
But no, the two guys working the booth decided,
hey, we're a fan of baseball.
We're going to play baseball.
You know, it's about us, not the consumer.
So I played that, and it works.
Yeah, I don't know.
All right, well, some other stories here,
one of them about Lollipop Chainsaw.
I love it based on the name alone.
It's a cheerleader versus zombie game.
It's by Grasshopper.
They didn't know more heroes, right?
That tells you all you need to know right there.
Lollipop Chainsaw, it's going to be released
outside of Japan in 2012.
Warner Brothers Interactive is going to be
the ones publishing it.
That was announced this week.
There's also a partnership now with Kadokawa Games
that Warner Brothers will have moving forwards.
So more cheerleaders fighting more zombies.
Hooray.
Hopefully they'll put money into the marketing
and the game will sell.
Also, one other interesting acquisition this week,
Square Enix has got the rights to True Crime Hong Kong.
They got the rights from Activision.
You might remember that Activision canceled this game
some time ago, True Crime Hong Kong.
And Square Enix, they said, quote,
when we first saw and got our hands on the game,
we fell in love with it.
That quote from Square Enix London Studios
general manager, Lee Singleton.
It's a great big bucket of fun.
I think it's a good idea that they picked it up.
I don't know why Activision got rid of it.
But whatever.
Now you might be wondering, Square Enix and True Crime?
What the heck?
Does that mean Cloud is coming to the game?
No, no, no, no, no.
Don't forget Square Enix now includes Eidos
and this would not be out of the realm of possibility
for that group that brought what, Deus Ex
and some of those other games
that now fall under the Square Enix banner.
There you go.
Dark Sakura.
We have some other stuff.
Just Dance 3 is getting a Just Create mode
that lets players record their own choreography
and challenge online and offline players to fit it.
But it's just practice right now.
There's a trailer out for it.
I'm ambivalent, of course.
And then we have very sad news.
This makes me sniffle because the CEO
and founder of Game Arts, Takeshi Miyagi,
actually died on July 29th.
And I've reviewed a number of games
that have come out of Game Arts,
including Grandia, Silfied, Lunar, and very sad.
He will be succeeded by Ryu Okuriyama,
who is a CEO of Gaia Holdings.
And last little bit for rapid fire
is there are pre-order skins available
for the new Batman Arkham City game
that are gonna be related to wherever you happen
to pre-order them from and there will be download content.
It's not, it hasn't said yet though
these are gonna be available to everybody,
maybe through a purchase or whatever.
But the different ones that they have
is that you can have the 1970s Batman skin,
which is through shop2.net and Toys R Us.
Shop2.net by the way is UK retailer.
You can get the Batman Beyond skin
through gamestop.co.uk or mightyape.co.nz.
That's New Zealand or UK.
You also get the Dark Knight Returns skin,
which will be if you buy it at any store,
if you buy the collector's edition at any store.
There's the animated series version
that is if you get it from Mighty Apes,
that's again New Zealand.
There's Earth One Batman, which is again through Mighty Ape.
And then there is the Robin Batman,
which is available through Best Buy or gamesmania.be,
which is Holland or JB Hi-Fi for Australia.
I want the Adam West Batman.
It's there.
It looks pretty cool.
I know.
Where do I get that in-
I'll leave the picture to the chat room.
Yeah, but where do I get that in America?
Pre-ordering that from.
That one is Toys R Us.
Okay, I can do that.
Like I said, the 1970s Batman.
I don't have burning hatred for Toys R Us,
so that'll work.
Besides-
It's actually more like the comic-
I can go be a Toys R Us kid.
It's more like the 1970s comic version,
but that was the same as the Adam West one.
Yeah, it's Adam West Batman to me.
That's the one I wanna play.
Except you know he doesn't have the drawn on eyebrows.
That or animated series.
I like the animated series one too.
It's pretty cool.
That's in there.
I gotta say that Michael Keaton one's kinda awesome too.
That one way on the right.
Is that Michael Keaton Batman?
The one on the far right is actually,
I do believe the Robin Batman.
No, that's on the far left, isn't it?
No, that's Batman Beyond.
Oh.
So in order on this one,
let me see if I get it right.
You have from left to right.
You have the Batman Beyond one.
You have the Dark Knight Returns.
You have Earth One 1970s animated series
and Robin's Batman.
Just keep in mind Dick Grayson
took over as Batman for a while.
You know who they have,
or know who one of the characters is gonna be
that they haven't announced yet, right?
Nightwing actually is gonna be one of the characters.
Which is awesome.
Shaping up to be more and more awesome.
Well then let me see something real quick.
Well I just wanna say quickly in our chat room,
Brakeman in the chat room at chat.orangelaunchy.com says,
can I get George Clooney Nipple Batman?
Actually I was incorrect.
Robin gets the Red Robin skin.
I was incorrect.
It's not, the picture of it's not available.
Red Robin as in the mascot for wonderful Burger Chain?
No.
Because that would be hilarious.
That's almost as cool as fighting as the Burger King.
I'm finding a picture.
There was a video that someone did,
a mock him of.
It was like the Burger King,
I don't even know what the fuck it was.
Somehow someone made the Burger King even creepier
and he was in oblivion.
Okay there's a picture in the chat room
of what Red Robin looks like from the comics.
You know I don't know if I could support
George Clooney Nipple Batman being in the game
because that means that Mr. Freeze might show up
and it might be really bad.
Allow me to break the ice.
Cold, freeze, cold, freeze, cold.
Frozen ice, cold gel.
Killing winter ice, winter ice.
Chill, cold ice, shut up.
Cold, freeze, chill, freeze.
Winter ice, cold, cold ice.
Crosswind ice, freezing ice.
Cool, freeze, freeze, freeze, freeze.
Freeze, freeze, freeze, freeze.
Let's kick some ice.
That's the former governor of California
ladies and gentlemen.
I love that shit.
Okay I put in another picture of Batman versus Red Robin.
It's not quite showgirls bad though.
That's the problem.
Showgirls bad is so bad it's kind of good.
But that's just bad.
It's just awesome.
All right some quick plugs.
Check out one of our other shows we produce.
The Best Little Hoard House in Azeroth.
www.hoardhouse.com.
It's all things World of Warcraft.
Which funny enough we're actually getting
into a couple blizzard stories coming up here.
But there are things that go beyond just wow
and possibly affecting some other games too.
So a little bit of crossover tonight going on.
I do want to remind folks too that we are still recruiting
indie games to spotlight on the show.
We're gonna have a new segment.
I don't think it'll debut next week but maybe in two weeks.
We're gonna have a new segment dedicated to indie games
here on the show.
Very similar to kind of what we do for the classic games.
We're hoping to talk to some indie developers
and spotlight more indie games here on the show.
Obviously we've talked a lot about the Humble Indie Bundle
tonight which is a great place to start.
But we want to try and talk to some of the developers
themselves if you or anyone you know is developing
an indie game either for the PC, a homebrew thing,
maybe for the iOS or Xbox Live independent games.
I know it's very hard to stand out on Xbox Live
that's for sure.
So come get some exposure on Orange Lounge Radio.
We don't charge for it.
I don't think I made that clear last week
but it's we'll do it because we like your game
not because we're getting any money off it.
So email us.
You can email the show at mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com
or you can get into contact with us on Twitter
at twitter.com slash O-L-R.
You can email me directly if you want.
Rob at orangeloungeradio.com
because I'll be producing the new segment.
So it'll be fun.
All right, moving on.
Let's get into some other news.
And I mentioned Blizzard a minute ago.
There's some big stuff that came out of Blizzard
on an earnings call this week, right Loki?
And it's just where Blizzard goes,
the industry may in fact follow, correct?
Yeah.
So they announced a few things about Diablo 3.
First off, Diablo 3 is going to feature player
to player real money auction houses as well
for virtual items.
So you're going to be able to play this game, find items
or whatever, and then sell them for real money or I think
in-game currency as well.
I think you'll be given the option either.
And Blizzard will take fixed fees.
They didn't say what it is, but they'll be nominal.
And out of the sale price, both when the auction goes up
for sale and when it's sold, and then when an item's sold,
players will be able to keep their money in a Battle.net
account for spending on Blizzard products and services
are cashed out entirely with another percentage-based fee,
although not yet announced, third-party payment provider.
Yeah, that's interesting.
Then, you know, if that's not good enough,
Diablo 3 is going to require a permanent online connection.
That's right.
You're not going to be able to play the single-player portion
of the game unless you are connected to Battle.net.
One of the things that they felt was really important
was that if you did play offline,
you start a character, you get them all the way to level 20
or 30 or 40 or what have you, and then at some point
you might decide to venture onto Battle.net.
But if you had to start a character from scratch,
because there's no way for us to guarantee no cheats were
involved, if we let you play on the client
and then take the character online.
So basically, their whole thing is,
if you're connected to Battle.net,
there must be no way that you can cheat at all.
Well, it certainly would be a lot harder, that's for sure.
I mean, exploits will be found in the game one way or another.
But this is tricky.
Obviously, I have to watch Blizzard very closely,
because I spend a lot of time playing World of Warcraft.
I will buy Diablo 3, because I loved Diablo 2.
In some ways, the reason why I like World of Warcraft so much
is that it almost plays more like Diablo than it
does the RTS Warcraft games.
So this is all news that definitely impacts,
relevant to my interests, as they say.
So I think a large part of what they're
doing with the online connectivity and the fact
that they say you can't cheat or whatever,
is that they do have huge problems in Diablo 2,
with folks cloning items and buying characters
that are made in China and so forth by shady ways,
getting the characters all leveled up, cheating, duping
is a huge thing, and hacking and so forth.
That game has been hacked to shit.
And it makes a lot of people not want to play online,
because the experience is just screwed up.
Think about, if that becomes a problem,
it's going to screw up their entire game, because yeah,
OK, we're assuming that, or they're
making the assumption that if it's connected to the battle
now all the time, that's going to eliminate cheating.
I don't think that's possible.
I don't think it's going to eliminate cheating,
but it's going to cut it way, way, way, way back.
Well, you're going to have a problem, though,
with people, if they're duplicating items
and they're selling them for real money.
But they're not going to be able to duplicate items,
because they're always connected.
And the system is going to look out for that shit
and ban them instantly.
You never know.
The real problem is people that buy this shit.
Like, if you buy gold for these games,
or you've bought one of these characters,
you're part of the reason this is happening.
And let's be real, you've probably
had your credit card stolen, too,
because a lot of those companies like to do both.
They sell you the info and then sell your credit card
information to somebody else.
But whatever.
Makes you happy, I guess.
I don't know.
And then the whole real money auction house thing
is just the weirdest thing I've ever heard in my life.
At the same time, if people weren't buying this shit
somewhere else, they wouldn't have
to do something like this, I guess.
I think they're just trying to get a slice of it.
But here's the weird thing about it for me.
Well, A, I'm never going to use it.
I will not use the real money auction house,
because I don't really want to support it.
And A, I don't want to buy this stuff on there.
It seems ridiculous.
And B, Blizzard's going to charge a listing fee
if you sell.
Like, part of me wonders if Blizzard isn't going
to profit off false dreams.
That they're going to profit off people
trying to list all these items for sale that will never sell.
I know a lot of people that are saying,
yeah, I'll sell items on there and make money.
I don't hear anyone say, I'll buy the items off there
and make money.
Well, here's some other things that you need to consider too.
This listing amount of money, or whatever they're taking,
I can guarantee it's not an in-game currency.
So that means you're going to have to have
your credit card in there somewhere.
Maybe that's not a big deal.
Which you already do if you play WoW anyway.
So, you know, Battle.net probably has it already.
And a lot of people that are going to come play Diablo 3
are probably already playing WoW.
So, the weird thing is, you know,
I know Blizzard has swore up and down
they have their legal asses covered.
So whatever, that's fine.
But it strikes me as very odd
that let's say, hypothetically,
somebody could sell enough items
that they make a significant amount of money on this.
I don't think anybody's going to make more
than maybe 20 bucks on this stuff.
But let's say somebody does make a fair amount of money
off some of these items.
Wouldn't they have to claim taxes on that at some point?
Like, wouldn't forms have to be filed by Blizzard,
or I guess whoever their third party is,
that they're going to get involved on some of that?
Can you be taxed on not real items?
And then that's where the whole internet gambling thing
comes into play is that there's no fine,
I mean, Blizzard controls the drop rate of these items
that they're then going to turn around
and charge you to sell.
Something about that seems really devious to me.
Like, there's not a check and balance to that.
Like, Blizzard is going to control-
It's insider trading.
Yeah, that's what it is, it's insider trading.
Like, that's legal?
Okay, I think it's only legal
because it hasn't really been done yet.
But I think this is going to catch somebody's eye.
This is going to catch the eye of a Leland Yee
or somebody out there that's wanting, you know,
the same way online gambling did.
They're just-
It just doesn't add up to me.
SHA100Matt says,
"'Rob, this is the same company that got a ton of suckers
"'to pay $20 for a dumb mount on.'"
Wow, true.
Very true.
I never bought the dumb mount, just so you know.
The only thing I ever bought were the charity pets.
They were charity, just so you know.
But,
I know some people who did buy those mounts
and they quite enjoy them.
They spend a lot of money on them.
And at the same time, I'm not going to tell a person
what they should and shouldn't spend their money on
to make them happy, right?
And if a fake little star pony that flies
makes you happy, then go for it.
I wouldn't pay for tower bucks and tiny tower either,
but I still play the game.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Let's see, going into some other comments from chat,
Dungeon Buster says,
"'I'm surprised that they didn't opt to let players into making
a separate profile for off an online play.'"
Me too, but maybe they were worried about things like
blurring the lines or whatever, and leave it open to abuse.
Shlace's pop in chat says,
"'That issue has come up before with Second Life,
where people were making tangible income for digital goods
on their skins, house, digital assets design
that they put the time into making
and then selling on PayPal.
The IRS had no idea what to do with it.'
But you can look up news articles about it.
It was a big deal when Second Life was still relevant."
Yeah, I'm really interested to see where this goes.
I don't know.
Well, here's my thing.
And this is with the whole IRS stuff.
If they're gonna tax you on in-game currency that you make,
then I should be able to pay those taxes
with in-game currency.
Because that's always been the problem.
They're trying to associate a value to this stuff.
Like say, for example,
I sell some items in Diablo 3
and earn 20,000 Blizzard space bucks
or whatever they're gonna be under there.
And then somehow that translates to $15,000
or something like that.
But if I never cash that stuff out,
I mean, it's digital.
It's not really worth that kind of money.
But if they're gonna charge me that,
then why should I have to pay in real money
if it's not real money that I'm earning?
You know what I mean?
Well, keep in mind there are
the two completely separate auction houses.
And there's gonna be the auction house
that runs completely off in-game currency.
I'll use that.
Why not?
I use it and wow, it's a great system.
I like it.
I don't pay real money to use it.
Besides, I guess one could argue
my monthly subscription fee.
And that's something we got into talking about
on Hoard House this week is that
before you cash out through this third party vendor,
the dollar and cents is in your Blizzard wallet
for lack of a better term.
We don't know exactly what it's called yet.
You could essentially pay for your monthly wow fee
off selling games in Diablo.
Because you could use the money in your Blizzard wallet
to buy other Blizzard services.
So somebody could fund their wow by playing Diablo
and selling the items.
But again, that's assuming there's a market for buyers.
Does anyone out there in chat
wanna say that they'll be using this
to buy items to give them an advantage?
Will you drop $3 to get an epic purple
or whatever color they are in Diablo
to give you an edge in the game?
Or are you like, fuck that, I'll earn it?
I bet you most people sitting in this room
are probably like, fuck that, I'll earn it.
I'm guessing.
I know that's where I'm coming from.
Fuck that, I'll cheat.
You can't, you have to be online all the time.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
That's why you're mad, because you can't cheat.
Oh, I'm not mad.
I just think that it's a bold statement
to say that you can't cheat.
There is no can't, okay?
It will happen.
There will be a way.
And then they'll be like, we ban you.
You banned me from Diablo.
RDG Singe in chat says,
how about playing Diablo 3 for fun?
Do people still do that?
I hope so, that's my plan.
I don't really want to play Diablo 3 with strangers either.
I'll be playing co-op with friends, and that's it.
Maybe, OLR people would count as friends
if you wanted to play Diablo 3.
We go on a co-op mission together.
But I'm still looking forward to playing the game,
and the online connection part doesn't really bother me
so much, you kind of need it for StarCraft 2.
I mean, I think technically you don't have to have one
for StarCraft 2, but the game is much more rich with one,
and seeing as Blizzard is very online centered
with their achievements and everything now,
this news doesn't really surprise me.
I don't think Blizzard,
Diablo isn't really something I'd want to try
and play on the go anyway,
or somewhere that I can't have an internet connection.
You can have internet connections on planes now, you know?
I don't know.
But I get, I-
Yeah, but not an internet connection to run that game.
But I get, I am being a little bit of a hypocrite.
I get it.
I mean, I'm admit that,
because I'm okay with what Blizzard's doing here,
but yet I'm not okay with Ubisoft doing it with Driver.
I think it's ridiculous.
But, from what I understand, the single player of Driver
doesn't have any online elements.
The single player version of this game
now does have a real money auction house involved,
where people could be making money off of it.
And I guess they've got to protect the environment.
And heaven forbid somebody does cheat,
and now this turns into like real money.
That's when it's going to be a legal problem.
Blizzard better hope that having everybody connected 24 seven
really does keep out the cheaters.
And they better really be watching that shit like a hawk.
Because if somebody is able to exploit
that real money system, it's over.
You know what I mean?
So.
All right.
Let's move on to news that came out about the next
wow expansion.
So, Dark Soccer, I know, right?
You've been playing this for a while.
The rumor.
I laugh every time I think about it.
The name apparently that has been registered
for the next expansion, verified by MMO Trampion
with trademarks and so forth, is Mists of Pandaria.
Mop.
Or the mop expansion.
Pandarias, of course, are named for the pandaren.
Living, breathing, walking, talking panda bears
that made their way into wow culture
as part of an April Fool's joke and never left.
Yes, you can get the pandaren monk.
That's one of the charity pets
that actually they sold there.
The trademark was apparently registered July 28th.
And it could be that this is going to be out in time
for Blizzcon, not the expansion itself,
but more news on it will come out at Blizzcon.
I guess that the rumors say pandarens
will be a playable race,
that you'll get to go to level 90, of course.
A monk hero class.
As you know, panda bears are all monks.
Well, we had some discussion on this in guild chat
not too long ago.
In fact, I believe that I, it was,
Miklotov was amongst the people
because that's who I heard about it from.
But we were talking about other possibilities
that it could be like the ruins of the pandaren empire,
that perhaps there's only a few left
and you learned to become a monk from one of them.
Because we'd just gotten you races.
So it could just be that you're exploring their culture
like they're, who are the freaking walrus people again?
Kaluak.
Yeah, I like the walrus people.
They're cool, they remind me of Wilford Brimley.
Kuch Kuch.
No, they all look like Wilford Brimley.
Anyway.
But I mean, it could be that you just get to visit
the pandarens and you learn from them.
So you get a monk class and maybe,
like you were saying level 90,
or, you know, we get more goody items.
But I mean, I would personally like to, you know,
have another reason to do five more levels worth of quests.
My favorite theory about this though,
is that this is just a Facebook or an IOS game.
It's a spinoff game.
God, I hope that's the case.
That would be much more understandable.
I don't know.
I'm okay with the whole archeology idea.
I call that the archeology concept,
that you're trying to figure out why the pandarens got,
you know, all murdered.
I just don't want to see everybody playing
a walking, talking panda bear,
cause that's getting a little ridiculous.
I really don't think that we're going to get them as a race,
because I mean, it's like every fourth expansion
or every even numbered expansion now has,
I mean, two, there's only been four versions,
has had a new race added.
It was a new area.
Each one's had a new area open.
So I think that this one's just going to be a new area
and a new, cause all right, let me look at it.
Real quick.
Miklotov's correcting me in chat.
The walrus people are the Tuskar.
I guess the Kaluak is the faction.
My bad.
Anyway, you know, we got the first one,
introducing the world and everything,
blah, blah, blah, boring.
Cause it was.
And then you get the burning crusades.
You get two new races, one for each side.
Demons, demons, and more demons.
You get space goats and pretty blood elves.
And you're fighting demons and fire.
The, what was the burning Legion?
And you have to learn to fly.
Yeah.
The burning Legion sounds like something you have to take
antibiotics for.
It's a salve.
And then, okay, the next one you get basically,
a new character class and a new area.
So then when we get cataclysm,
it was against two new races and a new area.
And the whole world gets fucked up
and the game gets made fun.
So it would logically stand to reason
that if they're establishing a pattern,
then you'll be getting a new area and a new class.
And it could possibly be, okay,
what was the level cap for,
for a,
Wrath of the Lich King?
80.
Burning Crusade.
70.
70.
You start off with a 55 character on,
you know, with a level seven,
coming from a level 70 cap.
So given that the current cap right now is 85,
I would think that maybe monks start off as a level 70
or something like that.
Perhaps.
Actually, you know what else Wrath of the Lich King had?
It had lots and lots and tons and tons of ice.
Allow me to break the ice.
Cold.
Freeze.
Cold.
Freeze.
Cold.
Frozen ice.
Cold.
Killing winter.
I say.
It's actually the Lich King.
Talking.
Arthas, that bitch.
I'm gonna draw that, you know.
What?
Okay, when I made my death knight,
and I think you were there for that.
When I finally made a death knight
that was actually gonna play as a tank.
I just was looking,
cause I played a draw knight and you know,
they're tall and skinny.
Next to Arthas,
who's just really big and stout.
And I said, Arthas got to be a fat bitch.
And I think it was,
it was some,
of course somebody in our guild said
it was all those cookies.
But Arthas likes cookies.
So I was gonna draw a picture of Arthas
lounged out like Jabba the Hutt eating cookies.
Saying, let's kick some ice.
I should do that.
Anyway.
So Pandaria,
yay or nay?
I'm all for something new.
I'm kinda, whatever.
Blizzard's gonna do what they're gonna do
and I can't really control it.
But Firelands has been kinda,
eh, burn, depressing.
Look, they can send us to,
you know,
they can send us to play with.
To the land of pee.
We can go to Keyboard Cat,
who lives in the land of pee, pee, pee, pee, pee.
I don't really care.
Like as long as it doesn't have that horribly steep curve
into raiding and doing all that stuff that Cataclysm did,
as long as it's more accessible,
I think as long as it just plays more like
Wrath of the Lich King, to be honest,
I think it'll be fine.
Well,
now that I'm raiding, I really like it.
I think that more people,
it should definitely, there should be,
maybe they'll incorporate easier raids.
Like, beginning raids.
Mikolatov in chat says,
I don't get all the hate for this being a possible expansion.
I just don't like them that much,
or I need them in my Warcraft, you know?
And maybe the Pandarens are actually
a magical illusion of panda bears,
and they really look like, not like space goats.
For the record, space goats are the best.
All right, enough wow talk.
Space goat.
I got another show for wow talk,
and I think we've had plenty,
but remember, where Blizzard goes,
a lot of these PC games will follow,
especially this whole persistent online connection.
I think it's gonna be really interesting
how people are gonna borderline forgive Blizzard, maybe.
I think there's definitely some people
hating Blizzard over this decision,
but there's a lot more hating Ubisoft over theirs,
so it's very interesting.
Let's move on to the email bag, though.
Mailbag at orangelaungeradio.com.
Every week you email us,
and we might read them here on air,
if Dark Soccer is feeling saucy or burpy.
Hey, I just have the mic up.
She's going to read some emails for you right now.
You better be nice to me, I gave you ice cream.
You did give me ice cream, it was delicious.
I found Samoa's ice cream.
It was really fucking good, y'all.
So the first email here,
while looking at the disused televisions in the basement,
I was inspired to ask again, Jamie, that was to me,
does the vault have a collection
of older television sets as well?
No.
I'm sure someone has to make adapters
to hook up Atari 2600 or Odyssey to HDMI,
but do you prefer the original sets?
The only way I can really play the Odyssey
is to hook up to the original sets,
but all of our other systems will work with the modern TVs.
They make different adapters.
You don't have to use the little prongs to make it work.
I was gonna say, can't you get an RF adapter
at Radio Shack that will change it to RCAs?
Yeah, you can get an adapter.
Just the one problem is that I think, actually,
since the Odyssey was from, I wanna say, like,
81 or something like that,
it really, there's no way to make it work with a newer TV.
Also, I think you might expose yourself
to some shitty lag if you use the converters.
I don't really do this in my house,
so I couldn't tell you,
but I think you do open yourself up to lag issues.
I'll take some pictures in the vault,
but we actually, right now, have a couple of TVs
from just little small HD monitors that were
obtained from the destruction of a video game chain
that I won't talk about,
that they were Xbox 360 demo units.
We got monitors from them.
So that's what we have hooked up
with a couple of Switch boxes.
So we have about eight systems hooked up in the other room,
eight or nine, something like that,
hooked up to these TVs.
I mean, really, to be honest,
we have two games on the Odyssey
that I really have an interest in playing,
so we don't really bother hooking it up.
And again, like I said,
we don't have anything to hook it up to.
All the other ones, no problem.
We can hook them up to just about anything,
although I really do think that,
actually, I don't think that we've tried the Atari
on an HDTV.
I think that last time we played one of our Ataris,
we actually did have a CRT.
Oh, well.
It's not like it's that hard
to go find a CRT monitor anymore.
I can go to the thrift store.
Oh, look, a TV, rabbit ears.
Also, I apologize for any confusion
about last week's email
regarding the voices of multiplayer games.
My use of the term character was somewhat misleading.
I meant specifically the volumes of online players
speaking through their player characters,
not those of the NPCs.
Thanks again, Robert M.
I think we did address that, though.
I think we were leaning towards the NPC answer,
but I thought I had brought up something
that the characters did sound further away,
but I can't remember, off the top of my head,
what it was.
Keep in mind, a lot of MMOs,
you don't really do voice chat through the MMO itself,
and those are actually kind of hard to find,
the games where that happens,
because yes, you have voice chat in WoW,
but nobody uses it.
I'm telling you, nobody uses it.
I didn't even know it was there.
And it's not in the public chat channels, anyway.
Okay, ooh, we have one from Sil.
Ready?
Yes.
Hi, guys, I hope all of you are doing well.
A few days ago, I bought
Vampire the Masquerade Bloodlines through Steam.
Of course, it didn't want to work properly,
and I had to download a patch through the Steam forums.
In a way, I thought it would have been nice
if Steam would just patch it themselves.
Then again, I'm not that technical,
and it might not be possible.
Anyhow, I started to play this game,
and even if it is an older game,
I really love the story.
The options where you can choose how to respond
and that it actually has an effect on the story of the game
is something that I really enjoy.
It makes me want to replay the game
and try different things just to see how the story changes.
Perhaps I'm also just happy to see
some proper blood-sucking vampires
instead of the woo me and my curse and stare at you
while you're sleeping glittery twats
that seem to be ruling the media now.
I love her.
For the record, the email's titled non-sparkly vampires.
Did you ever start playing a game
thinking it would be okay, but nothing mind-blowing,
but the more you played it, the more you loved it?
Guardian legend?
Because when you start playing that game,
it's like, oh, I'm shooting shit.
Whoa, there's an RPG!
I get, restate the question for me real quick.
Have you ever started a game
thinking that it would be okay, but nothing mind-blowing,
but the more you played it, the more you loved it?
Ooh.
Mr. Final Fantasy 13?
But those games, I kinda already had the bar set high.
I'm really trying to think of something
kinda outside the norm.
Let me think on that for a minute.
I'm trying to think of any others.
Actually, when I got back into WoW.
Yeah, I gotta say, World of Warcraft
actually kinda jumps out at me.
When I first played WoW,
I didn't think it was really all that,
and I didn't think I was gonna get that into it,
but when all my friends were playing,
and it became a lot more of a chat room
with fire spells and swords, so to speak,
I think that was actually a game.
Well, for me, when I started questing.
I guess you could say VVVVV that I played this week.
I didn't think I was gonna like it as much as I did.
Well, I knew I was gonna like Portal 2,
but I didn't know that I'd like it as much as I did.
So, yeah, I mean, I'm sure there's a bunch of games,
but I'm still loving this show,
and I'm still waiting for my biscuits, Rob.
I'll work on that.
They're with the tea and crumpets.
So, PS, if you're an MMO player,
you'll love the attached image, I hope.
Okay, let's have a look.
The Nine Circles of MMO Hell.
You know what, I'm actually gonna save this
and post it on our...
Tumblr.
Tumblr.
There you go.
Okay, so let me just save.
Orangelandsradio.tumblr.com.
Image, I'll do MMO Hell.
You could do it after the mailbag statement.
I'm just saving the image,
because I'm gonna close the email.
So, bite my behind, Rob.
You ready?
Newsflash!
The tester season three is casting, info below.
I'll be watching, not auditioning, Rob-a-buh.
Oh, yes, I heard about this on Twitter this week,
and I sent it over to Lokey-O-L-R,
and I was like, Lokey,
weren't you saying something about
you'd like to try a new career?
Well, I will link it in the chat room,
and if any of you make it on there,
plug the crap out of us.
Actually, I wanna say,
they were saying that the prize for the winner
this season isn't like a testing thing,
it's like actually a role in production.
So, they're kinda up in the ante
on prize this year a little bit.
Okay, Jamie's trying out.
For real?
Why not?
Oh my God, you should.
Oh my God.
Sign up now, why not?
Look into it, and see if the prize
is something you'd actually want.
Well, because if they can get me in
as any level of art production.
Yeah, I-
That's just my career, right there.
I believe the prize is like actual,
on the production team this time.
And it better not be pee-on,
because I actually have some skills to offer.
You know what, if you start as pee-on
for like two months, you'll probably move up real quick.
That guy who won the first season of the tester
only tested for like a couple months,
and now he does marketing stuff.
So...
Dude, wouldn't that be crazy?
You know what, Dark Soccer, if you try out
and you get your little thing online or whatever,
I'll help you make your video.
Okay.
But you, wait, wait, wait, wait.
You used to, wait, hold on, hold on,
cause I just gotta, okay.
If I'm not mistaking, Dark Soccer,
you hate reality television,
and for a long time on this program,
you never wanted to be on video, correct?
Yes.
So you are now auditioning for a reality TV show.
Am I understanding correctly?
If a job comes out of it, me, who is currently jobless.
Rob, you have no idea what I've been trying to do
to get hired, okay?
I just, it's kinda crazy, but I love it.
I hope you get on.
I actually watched the tester.
Might I go so far as to say
I enjoyed the last season of the tester.
I think they could do a little more with it, but...
You might also wanna watch the show.
They give you an option for them not to share your shit.
That's good.
You have an idea what to expect, just saying.
Oh, man.
I can't wait.
I hope Dark Soccer gets on the show.
Of course, that means she won't be on OLR for a few weeks
while they're taping the show.
Party at Jamie's house.
Well, yeah, but I'll be famous and you won't.
Wow.
You'll get booted off first.
No, I won't.
It doesn't like my password.
All right, let's move on.
Do we have any more emails
or was it the last one?
I'll ask you in a second.
All right.
I'm enhancing my celebrity.
You have all week to try out for that stinking show.
Okay.
Hey, OLR, it's SonicM88 here.
I've been intermittently listening to the podcast
and live show for a few years,
so you probably don't recognize the name.
We don't recognize a lot of you people.
I mean, hi.
I'm kidding, kitty.
I heard that name in chat earlier tonight, so welcome.
Anyway, I picked up a 3DS this week
so I can get the retro games
and also the money back from the price drop.
As Loki predicted, GameStop has decided
not to honor the price guarantee thing,
which does not surprise me at all.
In fact, I'm not even sure I'll be able
to get the AD back from where I purchased it.
I bought it at Best Buy
and they didn't know about the price drop
or didn't say anything about not honoring their policy
when I bought it, but I have this feeling
that it won't work.
Either way, in my mind, it's totally worth it
just for the GBA titles alone.
I really miss the Game Boy as a platform.
I never really got into the DS like I did with the Game Boy
and ended up selling the one I had three years ago.
So I've been out of the DS world for three years.
That's where you come in.
I'd like to keep my DS for more than just retro GBA titles
I bought it for, so I would like to hear
some of your favorite DS games that might suit my interests.
What do you recommend as games that appeal to everyone
and what specific titles would interest someone like me?
I'm not a fan of RPGs anymore.
Oh, hang up, no, I'm kidding.
Since I don't have the time to play them,
I'm more into shooters, arcade games, and platformers.
I plan on getting Geometry Wars,
Galaxies, a Castlevania title.
Which one is best?
Oh, what was that one?
Order of Ecclesia was really good.
Retro Game Challenge, Wire Your Wear Touch,
Trauma Center 2.
I picked a book arena of time, obviously,
and Plants vs. Zombies download version so far.
Oh, and Mario Kart DS is my favorite DS game
from when I owned one before.
I got Puyo Pop, I mean Puyo Puyo.
I've got Otsutatakayo Endan,
or you could get Elite Beat Agents.
I actually really prefer the Japanese one.
Um, what else is in my thing?
Oh yeah, what was that Professor Hatsworth game?
Professor Layton?
No, it was Hatsworth.
It's like a combination puzzle game
and investigation game.
It's really interesting.
Yeah, I kinda know what you're talking about, yeah.
That game was pretty fun.
I don't know, what else, Rob?
He named a lot of them.
I mean, gosh, you got a whole full plate there.
Retro Game Challenge was one of the ones
that came to my mind too.
Um, oh, really good games on DS.
I need more time to think.
Actually, I should just go grab my DS case
and see what's in it.
I know, right?
Like, I'm like, I can't see my DS collection
right in front of me.
A lot of people are really into the Pokemon games.
I play a lot of Cookie Mama.
Since he's talking about Trauma Center,
Cookie Mama's like that with food.
So it's really fun, and don't worry, Mama will fix it.
I liked the game, the Kirby game,
where you draw the lines.
Oh, um.
Kirby's.
Epic Yarn.
No, no, that was the Wii game.
It was a different Kirby game
where you would draw all the lines and stuff.
I don't remember.
Making me think.
Am I a talk show host?
Some of the old school, like even the Mario 64 port's
actually really good too.
Oh, Elite Beat Agents, says Dungeon Busters and Chat.
Well, I said that, it says it Oendon,
but I said you can get it as Elite Beat Agents,
although I prefer Oendon.
Oh, there's Ragnarok.
And that's RPG though.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I liked it though.
Break Man says Civilization Revolution.
I really liked that game.
But I liked it on the consoles.
I don't know how well it pointed over to DS.
I should get my DS case and look.
Then again, I've got like a box of games, so.
I'll lend you one, maybe.
I'll sell you some of them.
I might not be listening live
because of work early in the morning.
I'm on the East Coast.
So if the chat has any good recommendations too,
I would love to hear those in the podcast,
which we just did.
Oh, he said he's not into RPGs,
but the Final Fantasy IV remake is so fucking good.
Like, you might want to think about
going back to RPGs for that.
Keep up the great work with the podcast.
It's still my favorite out there by a long shot.
Thanks guys, SonicM88.
Oh, and by the way, I am playing Final Fantasy III,
and it's pretty good on the game.
See, there you go.
Oh, great.
My profile's made.
Oh, I love what Zethur says here.
Meteos is awesome.
Meteos was an amazing DS game.
Electroplankton was kind of fun.
That was a great DS game.
All right, is that it for emails?
Yeah, and by the way, I've got a profile now.
Mailbag at Orangeloungeradio.com.
I ain't got a picture, but I'll link it in the chat room.
Are you gonna, you should put a picture.
You need to start filling it out
with why you need to be on the tester.
I will, but I'm linking it already.
I need a job.
You have to talk about how much you love Sony
and how you've been a gaming girl all your life
and dah, dah, dah.
I bet you'll get on.
I bet you will.
All right, anyhow, moving on.
We got some more news stories for you guys.
Oh, we got the FUs of the Week.
We gotta do those.
As much fun as I would like to join the tester,
I would hate to have to move to LA to be a game tester.
Yeah, you do know you have to move to Santa Monica
to be a game, to do the production, right?
She doesn't care.
I don't care.
All right.
I'll commute.
She'll be closer to Disneyland.
We'll be closer to Disneyland.
But see, the problem is though,
it's a judging panel that decides whether,
or is it challenges?
I don't know.
I've never watched a show.
It's weird challenges that sometimes have nothing
to do with games.
Yeah, it's like we challenge you to like,
it's not like, see, cause when I first heard
about the tester, I was thinking it's that
there was a show that was on like sci-fi or spike
or something like that.
It was where they were actually playing games
and they had game related challenges and stuff like that.
But this is something stupid.
Okay, here's what I said.
I'd be an asshole.
I own more than 40 different video game systems
and have decades of experience.
I'm also a graphic designer with a focus on video games
and an experience in 3D design in Maya.
I could use a job.
How's that sound?
You should give a shout out to the podcast too.
Just for when you,
just for, you know.
When I am on, I'll do it in my video.
Oh my God, I gotta do a video.
I better be super cute.
Better get your hair did.
I need to get my hair did, my nails did.
They're still naming DS games in the chat.
Zether says Contra 4.
That was pretty good.
That was pretty good.
Break Man in chat says,
Loki couldn't do the tester
because Loki doesn't take orders.
Loki gives orders.
Mwahaha.
There you go.
What are you, what are you looking at there?
Are you like doing a tiny tower cheat?
Is that what's happening?
Did you cheat and you have 6 million gold in tiny tower
you damn cheater?
What the crap?
I am a cheater.
You are a damn dirty cheater.
How did you do it?
No, I'm not cheating.
I don't wanna know.
I have a jailbroken device.
I can do whatever the fuck I want.
And it's completely legal.
You're a lying, cheating sack of shit.
That's why.
My tiny tower ain't gonna be tiny no more.
That's why you're not gonna be a fucking game tester.
Cause you can't play by the rules.
Bullshit.
I could be an awesome tester.
You know what?
In fact, there was a thing that I saw.
My picture and it's cute.
Listen, there you go.
There's a, I mean, shit.
I've played so much Grand Theft Auto.
I could easily be a tester
for their goddamn multiplayer stuff.
I know the ins and outs of all
of their Grand Theft Auto games, including the PSP.
I know shit that they probably don't even know.
But then again, I don't want to compete
on a show where I have to compare images
to see what's different.
If I wanted to do that, I'd buy a DS.
All right.
Break Man says, when you apply for the job, Dark Soccer,
just tell them you know the Bobby Black Wolf.
You'll be hired on right away.
That's true.
After all, he is a trending topic in Sacramento this evening.
Yep.
All right.
Let's get to the FUs of the week.
My FU of the week goes to me not having a copy of Black Matrix.
I found it on eBay.
No one will buy it for me.
Boo hoo.
My FU of the week goes to Loki for cheating on a tiny tower.
And I hope his tower, because it's so cheaply made,
I hope that the material that his tiny tower was made out
of just collapses on itself.
And the whole building just implodes on itself.
He'll have the blood of his bitizens on his hands.
Exactly.
And you'll have the blood of all those bitizens on your hands.
Otherwise, I give an FU to tacos for being so delicious
and making me fat.
Loki.
I guess my FU would go to the tester.
Because if I were to win the tester,
I'd end up working at Sony.
And I'd look at the sheet of things that they want me to test.
I'm sorry.
I don't see that this, you know, I'm
supposed to test to see if this game doesn't suck.
I don't know.
I got nothing.
I'm not really mad at anything.
It was surprisingly easy to do with the jailbroken device,
I might add.
Download a file, copy it over, done.
And it didn't even erase my progress.
It just added 6 million money.
All right, so I see that DarkSakura has a profile.
Like, how do I vote for you?
Oh, there's a big clock in the corner.
Voting begins in 16 days.
Like, I can't actually vote for you yet, I guess.
Like, I would make a profile and endorse you.
But then doesn't that put me in the pool to try out for the show?
No.
You pick whether you're going to be a voter
or you're going to be a candidate.
Oh, OK.
OK, then I'll sign up later.
And I'll vote for you.
But can I get the URL out to everybody so they can vote for you?
I linked it in the chat room, so go for it.
H-T-T-P-S, secure website, colon slash slash casting dot
the tester dot com slash DarkSakura.
There you go.
I've added a second picture of what my hair looks like curly.
You know, it just occurred to me.
Derek H., I think on Dead Pixel Live last year,
had the casting dude for the tester on his show.
You need to talk to Derek and get dude's email address
and just be like, yo, cast me.
That's what you need to do.
You need to just bypass this whole system right here.
You need to go directly to show, do not pass go.
We should all be on the tester.
No, we're not all going on.
I'm not going on that goddamn show.
Come on, it'd be hilarious.
If I go on the show, it is to be a judge,
because I would enjoy nothing more than the judge, the two
of you sitting up there getting ready for elimination.
I think that guy doesn't know shit about testing games.
He wasn't even a trending topic in Sacramento.
Well, Loki, you're a goddamn cheater at all your video games.
Explain why you should be on the tester.
Because I know where to find the information
that you're looking for.
I know to find all the exploits and back doors for your games
and how to get around this stuff.
If you don't fix this shit, other people are going to do it.
DarkSakura, your Kinect is still in a box.
Why should you be the tester?
Because my Kinect's in the box.
My move is fucking on the TV.
That is why I need to be a fucking tester.
Because we have a goddamn Gran Turismo setup
built in our house, where we can play in a fucking race car.
Is your name DarkSakura?
That's funny.
You don't sound like DarkSakura.
I can say, well, because we have a $400 rig set up
to play Gran Turismo 5, and that we've built seats
to play this set up out of the seats from a Honda Prelude,
two of them.
I have every Sony system ever made.
OK, here.
This is fine radio and all, but there's
a part of me that is legit worried you're actually
going to get on this show.
I have legitimate concerns.
If I get a job out of this, fuck yeah.
But this could also end up very bad.
You could end up being the bitch.
I've seen you go without eating for some time.
It is not going to be pretty if you have to do something.
Yes, Rob knows what low blood sugar Jamie is like.
And you might have to do something
that you don't like on this program.
And I am very worried.
I should sign up too.
You'll be hilarious.
Like what?
Play Imagine Babies?
OK, one last season they had some fucking challenge
where they were out there doing army stuff.
And OK, I know.
I know it'll piss you off.
Working together as a team with people who are idiots.
That is going to piss you off beyond belief.
See, you're already fretting.
No, I will tell you this.
Because I worked with idiots at my job and I hit it very well.
I know how to be a team fucking player.
I am good.
Can you teach Loki a thing or two?
No.
I am my own team.
No, because his team is the voices in his head.
I can take a picture of the vault and show it to them.
This is why you need to have me because I've
played all this shit.
Legitimate concern that you actually
may make a case for yourself to be on this show
and you will actually be on this program.
Look at this face.
Look at this adorable face.
I try not to.
Shut up.
I gave you ice cream.
Look at me.
I'm looking.
I'm looking.
I'm serious.
I am for real serious.
I want to be on the tester.
You do realize this is for a minimum wage
job in Santa Monica, right?
It could be.
But note that the Annie's up this season.
It's a production job this year.
Which means that I would be.
A production job.
So what's that mean?
I'll put it this way.
Production is like, OK, like for a graphic designer,
production would be like color editing, color correction,
you know, adjusting textures, that type of thing.
Here's a bunch of spindles of disks.
Here's a bunch of cases.
We need you to produce the finished product.
No, that's not how it works.
Anyone that's in production is in like the actual building
part of the game, like you may be crunching numbers
or doing some data entry.
You know, it would be something that's
the equivalent of the job that I was just fucking doing.
Except I actually have skills to bring to the table.
They could put me to work in art production.
And guess what?
I would be good at it.
Because that's what I'm trying to do with my life.
You know what?
If I sign up for the tester.
What?
I'm going to do it in my costume.
Why are you people trying out for the tester?
You used to make fun of this show two years ago.
That's the whole point.
Don't you understand?
I need a job.
Don't you understand?
That's the whole point.
That's the funniest part about it.
What better way to get back at something
that you hate than to be part of it
and then be a complete asshole on it.
It would be awesome.
Rob, for real though.
I don't want to win.
I just want to be on the show.
And see, I want a job.
Thank you, Frisbee.
I want to be the very best that no one ever was.
I want a job.
Hey, any of you people listening to the show, I'm talented.
Hire me.
Because honestly though, because I was thinking about it,
I would, if the job equivalency is what I'm thinking of,
I would be making about what I made at my old job.
Will you be able to tighten up the graphics on level three?
I could try.
OK.
No.
Hold on, hold on.
I want to just show dark soccer this real quick here.
Dark soccer, I just want to show you this.
11 elite gamers squared off to see
who had what it takes to be an official PlayStation game
tester.
Oh, no.
Cyrus, you've won.
Now it's time to usher in a new generation.
Welcome to the tester season two.
And this time, even you got to.
I mean, look at all those douchebags.
You really are going to have to team play with them.
You do know that, right?
Well, you see, as Rob, as one of superior intellect,
I would actually manipulate them into failure.
Pick one of the contestants.
Congratulations, 8-Bit Mickey.
These 12 gamers will be living together
in PlayStation Paradise.
Well, if that guy got voted in, you will, too.
I am one with the video games.
I want to hurt him so bad.
I'm going to dance with the tester to be the next PlayStation
game tester.
They had to do a dancing competition.
Are you going to do a dancing competition, Darzana?
I got rhythm.
I'll do a Para Para.
She didn't even miss a beat in saying that, I got rhythm.
Have you seen?
Now, this is hilarious, because Joystick
decided that they made casting videos for each one
of the people on their staff.
Nice.
Well played.
They have some really funny ones.
Well played.
No, seriously, Rob, I'll do Para Para.
It's fine.
I hope you get the job.
I legit hope you get the job.
Well, bring the video camera and show off my Baymani
and all this other quality PlayStation shit I have.
I mean, quality PlayStation products
that I've spent my good, hard-earned money on
and my first-generation PlayStation 3,
so I can say, look, Linux.
I mean, look, it plays PS1 games.
Zether is linking me to a YouTube saying,
this was a tester contestant.
I can't wait to see this here.
Let's see.
Watch out, they're coming through the window.
Watch out, they're coming through the window.
They're coming through the window.
Coming through the window.
Coming through the window.
Oh, I got a hell yeah.
Is that Rebecca Black?
Sure, yes, it's Rebecca Black, DarkSakura.
All grown up.
I just want to say, if you go on the show, that's going to be you.
Can we get a hey, they're coming through the window?
Come on, DarkSakura.
Bite my ass.
You're not a team player.
You lied when you said you were a team player.
All right, Loki, let's move on with some actual gaming news.
Maroon 5 has decided to join in the lawsuits
against Activision over Guitar Hero.
In this case, it's Band Hero.
He is suing because of Activision
improbably uses like this in Band Hero,
and you know the drill, OK?
He thought he was only singing his song,
but then he ended up singing all these songs,
and now he doesn't like that because it cheapens him
as an artist or some shit.
Being a judge on The Voice didn't already do that.
Yeah, it was great because he did the motion capture
to have his avatar used in the Band Hero song,
She Will Be Loved, but didn't give Activision permission
to use his likeness with other songs, which it totally did.
Dj vu from like a year ago.
Levine alleges Activision asked other artists
for expanded use of their avatars
and paid them more for the process.
Wow, it's last year all over again.
Really?
Yeah.
And of course, the same thing happened with No Doubt.
Do you think they just want a piece of the money as well?
I guess that's really what it's got to do with, huh?
I don't care.
I don't even care.
I mean, because boo fucking who?
Get over it.
I mean, seriously.
Oh, no.
You're in a game singing other people's songs in their voice.
It's an avatar.
Who cares?
No one made you like, no one drugged you up
and made you sing those songs on stage for like a live concert
or something like that.
It's a digital character, not really you.
I mean, they don't steal your soul and put it into the game.
I mean, unless you may think that's how it works,
it's not really you.
My art is my soul.
And when I sing a Miley Cyrus song in these games,
that's raping my art.
Well, here's the problem.
I did not want to hear anything about Miley Cyrus and rape.
You put your songs into Band Hero.
Band Hero, which is the poppy version of Guitar Hero.
You should have really put your stuff in the Guitar Hero,
not Band Hero, or Rock Band.
Suck with Rock Band.
All right.
I don't know what to make of this next story.
Let's see what you guys think of it.
Let's see.
Pete Hines from Bethesda Softworks
figured that February 18th would be the perfect day
to conceive a child, as the baby would be due on November 11th,
which would be the ship date for the Elder Scrolls V Skyrim.
There's another couple, though, that
has conceived a little bit earlier than that.
Let's see.
Atari Lin, I guess, is the child,
decided to come out of the mom's womb
as mom and dad sat down for the half hour demo of the Bethesda
Skyrim demo at QuakeCon.
The father talked to Game Informer
that, I guess, the sight of the Frost Dragon on the screen
sent mom into labor.
The couple hung around, rather than dashing for the hospital,
because they thought it might be false labor.
And she loves Skyrim.
They named the baby, apparently, Atari Lin.
Dorks.
You know, they are one letter away from Atari Linx.
They made a baby.
And they went into labor.
But they didn't go to the hospital right away.
So the baby drowned at the thing?
Yeah.
Well, they did want to miss the demo, Dark Soccer.
This is a once in a lifetime opportunity to see Skyrim.
You know, it's not a once in a lifetime opportunity,
because you can see the game when it comes out.
You know, Dark Soccer, you're not being a team player.
I'm not on his team.
I'm on the team of smart people.
Apparently, Kotaku, who first broke this story, so to speak,
was actually contacted by the mother.
They're saying that she's actually still in labor
and reading the comments.
But I guess they are still naming the baby Atari.
The name Atari comes from the name Ataru,
which means to hit a target.
Yeah, they're just.
Yeah, that's what they named the baby after is to hit a target.
Ataru, hit a target.
This baby is going to be a bullet.
It's going to hit a target.
Not naming it after a game system
that these geeks obviously named their kid after.
They also do say, we assume by the time she's in high school,
most of the children her age are not
going to know what an Atari is.
No, that's not true.
They should know.
That's not true.
Man, you know, it's just like, can you
imagine when the kid wants to know someday, like, you know,
tell me the story about how it was before.
That is so retarded.
I mean, seriously, oh, they're not
going to know what an Atari is.
Really?
Because children don't learn history?
Oh my god, what is, you know, the 13 colonies?
I don't even know because I wasn't alive then.
Well, OK, name five movie stars from the 1940s.
Go.
I don't fucking watch movies.
See, you couldn't do it, so maybe they can't do it.
I don't know.
Maybe that's the thought behind it.
Uh, Fay Wray.
All right, let's shoot some of the 30s.
Shit.
Earn his Borg 9.
All right.
He's old enough.
Moving on, another story about Skyrim real quick.
I guess Skyrim, you know, it's going to cost $60,
but there hopefully will be like thousands
of hours of gameplay in this game
that make it worth the $60.
300 hours is what they're saying.
That's still pretty fucking good.
That is a long time.
That's a long time.
The original Oblivion was 100 hours.
So here's the interesting comment, though,
from Skyrim director Todd Howard.
It's speaking to PSM3, one of the magazines there.
I do think industry-wide we would benefit from more games
out at $19 or $29.
I would try more games because I'm not
going to try a game for $60.
It's a tough decision.
But then they went on to say that, yes, the $60 price
point is still what Skyrim's going to be at.
So there should be more games at $19 and $29,
but Skyrim's still $60, just so you know.
I hate to say it.
OK, all joking aside, the irony aside,
he kind of does have a point, though.
If games overall were kind of cheaper,
it wouldn't feel like such a loss to try a game at $19
or $29.
I think the fact of the matter is most games
aren't worth $60.
300 hours out of a game, I mean, that's
unheard of in most cases.
If only there were a way to try games before you bought them,
we could call it rent team or demos.
If only such things existed in modern society,
but us being so barbaric, have not
had the foresight to create such wonderful implementations
of trials.
But yes, you're right.
We should tell the studios that spend millions of dollars
in production to, hey, you know what?
You need to put your game out for $2,
because no one's really going to buy it unless it's $2.
Well, on the iPhone, I mean, a lot of people
will buy games at $99.
Unless he puts out Skyrim for $19.99,
I don't fucking care what he wants.
Skyrim will be $19.99 in like three years
during the Steam sale.
Oblivion was on sale either yesterday or today.
Oh my god, it was like the super hello Uber edition
for like $10.
Like everything, everything that they ever put out
for Oblivion for like $10.
Anyhow, Dark Sakura, I know you're
working on your application, but do you have enough time
for another story for us?
I sure do.
Well, you know they just had the Evo tournament.
Well, they're going to have to relearn
all their characters all over again, at least for Super
Street Fighter 4 arcade edition.
Patch is coming out that will rebalance the game.
So right now it's really imbalanced,
so they're hoping to fix it.
It's going to be version 2012.
And they did it outside of Evo.
Yoshinori Ono actually said that they've been location testing
the version in Japan.
So there, you don't have to buy it again.
You just have to download the patch.
Well, that's good that it's just a patch this time,
and yet not another way to milk more money out
of the same damn game as they've been doing
for the past three years.
I know right, I know right.
That's it.
All right.
Just a couple more stories for you guys,
and we're going to open up the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
And we'll get to your Twitter topics
as well at twitter.com slash O-L-R.
But first, a couple last stories for you.
Loki?
Loki?
OK.
Sorry.
So one last thing.
This is kind of interesting.
Remember how we talked about Pac-Man and Galaga dimensions
last week, and how they were kind of following suit
with what Capcom did with Resident Evil?
Thankfully, that wasn't the case, actually.
Namco Bandai came out and said, actually, there
is a way to reset your game saves on our game.
And what you do is basically, upon startup,
players can input the command ABXYLR,
and it will wipe the save data from the cartridge.
How they should have done it on all the games.
Resident Evil Capcom.
But yeah.
So there was a secret code the whole time just hiding out
there behind the couch.
Who knew?
Yeah, unfortunately, that's not the case with Capcom's.
Do you think that might be one of those things
that they kind of announced it now just to kind of like cover
their ass?
Yeah, that's exactly why they did it.
Interesting.
Because everyone's like, phew, OK.
Maybe I will buy the game.
That's interesting, though, that there was kind of like,
this feature probably existed for the purposes
of like testing the game.
Dark Soccer, you might want to listen up,
because this could be your future career.
I am listening.
This could be something that was there for the testers
to use that they did.
Because sometimes that's where a lot of these codes
come from is like the play testing of the game, right?
Like a lot of those.
Like the Contra code.
Yeah, all that stuff came from like play testing and so forth.
So sometimes those codes kind of get out.
Maybe, just maybe, could one actually exist in the Capcom game?
I'm sure.
So maybe there's an A-B-X-Y-L-R type of thing
that maybe will save the day for Capcom, too?
Could possibly be, who knows?
Probably don't hold your breath, though, right?
Yeah, or else like you'd need like a dev system or something.
I don't know.
And I'm noticing this comment from our chat room.
RDGSinge says, so are they backpedaling?
Do you consider this backpedaling, Loki?
No, because I don't really think they, I mean,
OK, maybe a little bit.
Just because they did say, well, the whole purpose
was to do that.
What they should have said, yeah, well, you know,
we originally wanted it to be that this
is kind of an arcade experience, and that's
why you don't have this.
But if you really do want to erase your save,
then here's how you go about and do it.
That would have been the proper response.
But instead, they said like, they
sent out something cryptic that looked
like trying to like crack a code from that horrible Nicolas
Cage movie or something.
Like, it's just like, what the hell is this?
Who's drunk at Namco right now?
But you know what, though?
In the end, all that matters is the end response,
and their game has a code, Capcom's doesn't.
So guess which one will be most likely purchased?
True enough.
I was on the fence about this game,
and now I'm back in the maybe I will buy it column.
Anyhow, one other story for you guys,
and I know some of you are looking forward to this game.
It's not a game I play a lot of, but I know a lot of you
play it, Modern Warfare 3.
Yeah, Modern Warfare 3 is coming out.
And I remember we were talking earlier
in the show about Activision Blizzard had a conference call.
Well, something they confirmed about Modern Warfare 3.
I know it's going to make some of you guys very happy,
some of you holdouts.
It's going to be available on the Wii.
That's right.
Check out that cutting edge graphics and technology
on the Wii.
Modern Warfare 3 is going to be available on the Wii
this holiday, apparently on November 8th,
right when all the other versions of the game come out.
And it's being made by Treyarch, of course,
who also made World of War, and Black Ops, and Call of Duty 3,
and so forth.
Yes, they are doing the Wii port as well,
since they have the experience working with that platform.
They did do Spider-Man, Web of Shadows.
So there you go.
I'm sure tons of you are pre-ordering your copy.
I'm sure that will be the way to play the game is on the Wii.
Am I right?
Modern Warfare 3 will be able to play online.
Wait, no.
You'll be able to play in HD.
Wait, no.
You'll be able to have the patch it.
Wait, no.
Well, somebody I'm sure out there
will benefit from Modern Warfare 3 being out there on the Wii.
Or as Zethur in the chat room is calling it, Modern Wii Fair.
I like that name for it.
It makes it sound cute.
Modern Wii Fair.
That sounds kind of like a personal problem.
Never mind.
All right, let's go to the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
The Skype line is open right now.
But while we wait for some calls,
let's do some Twitter topics at twitter.com slash O-L-R.
I want to start from this one from TigerClaw305,
because it's news that we forgot to mention.
And I think it's kind of important.
Metroid turned 25 this week.
All the old NES games are turning 25, right?
Mario turned 25.
I think Zelda's 25 pretty soon.
Metroid as well, or Zelda did turn 25.
That was part of what they did at E3.
Metroid just turned 25 this past week.
Yay.
In related news, you're old.
Because I'm sure many of you have played Metroid in the past.
And that's now a 25-year-old game.
Dark Soccer, how does that make you feel
that Metroid is a 25-year-old game?
Perky.
Perky and full of ice cream.
Moving on to other tweets while we wait for some calls.
Again, the Skype line is open right now.
1877 to Game O-L-R, or as your name on Skype
is Orange Launch Radio.
Of course, right as I say that, we get some calls.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
It's the one and only Ranma.
Hey, one and only Ranma, what's up?
Not too much.
I have a, not a question, but something
I want to discuss from a podcast a couple of weeks
ago, if we can rewind back just a bit.
I guess.
Well, I wanted to talk about it last week,
but it would have been too much for me to cover.
So you know, I have to spread it out.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
So if you remember, a couple of weeks ago,
you posted on your profile an article about sports games.
Yes.
Now, I was thinking about that.
And it's like how the person said
that you could say Mario Kart is also a sports game.
OK, I do remember this.
Wasn't it the whole article about don't
be so harsh on sports games because sometimes they're
kind of leading the way for other series of games?
I remember this.
OK.
Yeah, pretty much.
And I was thinking, well, I guess in my opinion,
you can't say that Mario Kart is a sports game.
That's like saying WWE is actual legitimate wrestling.
But to some it is.
I mean, couldn't Mario, isn't Mario Kart something
you might see on The Oat Show?
ESPN 8?
Have you ever looked at ESPN 3?
Some of that shit isn't sports either.
True, true.
But it's like most of the sports games,
you have to have a bit of a learning curve.
You have to study the manual so you
know what you're doing with all the buttons, whereas with games
like Mario Kart and any of the Mario titles,
you just pick up the game and start playing.
You don't have to learn any strategies or tactics
or anything like that.
It's like a pick up and play.
I mean, I do understand that it can be considered a sports
title, but on the same token, it's not because it's just
a fun game to pick up and play.
I mean, a lot of sports games you can pick up and play too,
especially the old school ones.
OK, what's the goal of basketball?
Throw ball in net?
All right, I can do that.
Let's go.
Of course, of course.
Look at Tecmo Bowl.
I mean, yeah, that was a sports game, but on the same token,
it wasn't.
All you had to do was push in the command for your play,
hit the button, and that was it.
It was amazing and awesome.
Yes, yes, it was.
So you just called in a bitch about how Mario Kart Wii is not
a sport.
More or less, but I understand where the person's coming from,
but I guess from the way I look at it,
it's not really a sports title, even though it
can be considered that, but I'm just saying that's my opinion.
Fine, it's not a sports title.
Now what?
It's a family fun game.
That's what you call it, you know?
I'm just saying, whereas most of the sports games that EA puts
out, you have to learn the insides and outs of it
to play it really well, whereas there are other games that
are sports games, but you don't need
to learn the insides and outs.
You just need to know what the buttons do and just
start playing, and that's it.
All right, fair enough.
Anything else on your mind?
Yeah, you should try out for the test or two.
I'm not trying out for the test or two.
You could be Rob.
I'm fucking fabulous, bitches.
Roberts.
A gay guy won last season.
They're not going to win two seasons in a row.
Hey, it could happen.
I may start a revolution.
Come on, now.
No, it's not.
You can win it and just walk up and win it two snaps up
in a b-money formation.
It's time for a girl to win.
But won't you vote for me?
You made her cry.
Way to go.
That's on you, buddy.
You're not a team player.
Look, hold it.
Back it up.
Back it up here.
Just so you know, I always have the back of Jamie, Loki,
and Rob, always.
But no matter what, I always vote for Jamie
because Jamie's the number one.
Simple as that.
I always got Ucchan's back, no matter what.
Oh, I see.
Now, oh, I see.
Now we've ranked the OLR hosts from most desirable
to least desirable.
Well, I am the cutest.
No, I'm the cutest.
And she put up with me for a weekend.
I mean, that alone deserves a trophy.
And I've got the best rack of anyone in this room.
Well, no, maybe Loki's is better.
Rama, I'm the cutest.
You're more like the fabulous.
Fine.
I'm fabulous and cute.
All right, bye.
Bye.
Let's take another call.
I'm done with Rama.
Hi, you're on Orange Laundry Radio.
Who's this?
The Werenate.
What's the name?
The Werenate.
The Werenate.
What's up?
Yeah, I was calling because I want
to comment on your Modern Warfare 3.
Oh, you're going to be pre-ordering on the Wii?
Most likely.
Sucker.
Why is that?
Is that all you got?
Yeah, because I'm a diehard Nintendo fan.
Long live Nintendo.
And also, I mean, I played Modern Warfare 1 on the Wii.
And it was pretty nice.
It had online play.
Why are you saying it won't have online play?
You've got to do the waggle.
I'm just, it'll have online play.
But it's not going to be as robust as with the voice
chat and all that to say something like Xbox Live
or PlayStation Network.
It'll just be, which might actually, to be fair,
might be for the best.
Because you don't want to play those games on Xbox Live
because people are just rude.
I mean, if you shoot someone or blow their head off
in real life, do you want to have voice chat with them
or you just want to get the job done?
Touche.
Fine.
The caller has a point.
I stand corrected.
Yes, I do want to have voice chat with them.
Excuse me.
I don't like the fact very much that you just blew off my head.
I think you should promptly apologize for that, actually.
Yeah, you know, so I'm a Wii user,
but I can't wait for the Wii U. You know,
I think you all should be glorifying the Wii U,
because it's going to be a pretty epic system.
Not until we see the games.
What we saw at E3 wasn't enough.
A system is only as good as the games that are on it.
And I am not convinced yet.
I mean, yes, they talked about some of these third party games,
but they talked about games that are already
coming out this holiday that might not even really end up
in their same form.
Like, they talked about the Assassin's Creed game
is not the same game that's coming out
this holiday for the other systems, like a separate game.
So I'm not sold one way or the other on Wii U.
I mean, I'll probably buy one at launch
because I buy every other system at launch, but.
Do you now see the tech demos?
I mean, come on, it had like tech in on it.
Come on.
It's going to be changing to more hardcore.
You suddenly sound like you're underwater, but that's all right.
Dalek voice.
Yes, he's got the Dalek voice going on.
But I don't know.
The demos, it's interesting, but let me ask you this.
Can't the Vita and the PlayStation 3
essentially do the same thing?
I'm almost muted, but the Vita is not even better than a 3DS.
Well, it's got, well, I don't know about that.
It's kind of relative.
It depends on what games it gets.
I don't know about the processors.
Put them side by side, but I imagine that, sorry,
Loki showing off his cheating in his game.
He's cheating, getting 5 million tower bucks from cheating.
That's a lot cheaper than buying that.
Anyway, sorry.
I would like to say that I hope that the re-ware is more,
is better than what it is now.
Because as a developer, I hope that I
can see some better games besides that roller skating
game and roller goo on there.
And the one with the guys in the Speedos
trying to get through the walls, that was a real fun game,
actually.
No, I'm glad you can say something critical
about Nintendo, because I was getting a little worried
that you were a little bit too much fanboy.
But yes, I agree.
They're online as a whole really needs to improve.
So I hope they do it.
But I will say the 3DS has done some things right online.
So we'll see.
I don't have one yet, but you can save me one if you want.
We'll see.
We might have a contest around the holidays.
All right.
Anyhow, I got to let you go so we can get more calls.
But thanks for the input.
Take care, buddy.
Rene signing out.
Later.
Let's take another call here.
Hi, you're on Orange Dogs Radio.
Who's this?
Yo, guys.
It's Xenocore from the OKC.
How you doing?
What is up, Xenocore from OKC?
What's in your mind tonight?
Not much.
Just been playing a bit of Earth Defense Force 2011.
Oh, a game that's near and dear to Loki's heart.
What do you think?
It's not bad, but I'm not even sure
if the game has an ending yet.
I've been playing it online so I can have some backup.
And every time it gets to the last minute, it just resets.
Loki, is this a problem?
Well, the very last mission, I mean,
depends on what difficulty you're playing on.
The ending's not very long.
Well, I never think the ending would be that long.
In this whole game, it's the gameplay itself.
But I do at least want to know what the hell happened,
because it's just like all your characters have vanished.
Yeah, you just have to play it on a harder difficulty,
because each time you beat the game on a harder difficulty,
the ending's longer and longer.
OK.
It would have been nice if they'd
be some sort of a hint, like, play this on a harder
difficulty to find out what happens or something like that.
Well, I think they also have DLC coming, so it's hard to say
what exactly they'll be having.
Let's see.
And I've been playing the hell out of 4K Kill Team as well.
You're cutting in and out a little bit there,
but that's all right.
You've been playing the hell out of what?
Warhammer 40,000 Kill Team.
Oh, didn't you mention this game on an earlier
episode of the show?
I think you did.
Yeah, I finally grabbed the whole thing.
It's not bad for 10 bucks, definitely worth the money.
Might have to look into that.
What else have you been playing, anything else?
No, that's about it.
Trying to save some money.
Any new stories you want to talk about tonight
that we talked about on the show?
Well, I did want to comment on the whole thing
about the Diablo III going online only,
and what company aspects of that are.
Go ahead.
You're still cutting in and out a little bit.
I don't know what's going on with the connection,
but I'll let you get your thought out there.
I can understand you enough.
Blizzard knows that everything is possible with code.
All they need is time.
Granted, they do have to do something for copy protection,
but honestly, if they think this is going to stop anything,
then they really need to go get their coding team
and re-evaluate who's working for them,
because whoever told me that this is going to defeat
online hacking is ridiculous, because it happens.
Well, the Warcraft right now looks right.
That's true, but they ban players from World of Warcraft
left and right, too, right?
Yeah, but that won't keep them from getting back in the game.
I guess that's true.
What about StarCraft II?
What are the issues that that game's having?
Are they having issues, too?
I guess, but I guess you don't know.
Well, they have their own variety of issues.
It's not so much because there's no real persistence
in the game, other than you think,
but you'll see people do lag hacks and stuff
to interfere with the other player's game.
Remove the fog of wars, you can see
what your player is doing without having you nearby.
More gameplay hacks more than anything else.
And it's even more critical to the play of the game,
so it does more damage.
I am very curious to see just how legally this all plays out,
especially when the first exploit does come down
the hill, and then suddenly it's impacting the real money
trading house.
They've got to be thinking of something.
There's got to be something in place they're doing.
I mean, they're swearing up and down
that they've looked at it from a legal perspective,
but just because it's totally legal right now, too,
doesn't mean it will always be legal.
That's the other thing I kind of worry about with them.
Especially when they have, the main thing
is between Second Life and this.
Second Life, people are making the assets themselves.
The game isn't supplying them with the assets.
If you supply them with the assets,
technically Blizzard still owns them.
At Second Life, you have rights to whatever you create.
That's interesting, you're just kind of paying.
It's going to be very, very strange what happens with it,
but we'll see what happens once the politicians
pull their heads out their asses.
Blizzard is going to be printing money with this.
It's going to be very interesting.
All right, Xenocore, I got to let you go.
Skype's acting up, so take care, buddy, okay?
All right, later, man.
Have a good one.
All right, thank you, listeners.
I wanted to hear his thoughts on that,
and I know he's cutting in and out.
It's probably a little annoying,
but I wanted to hear what,
I was able to understand most of it.
Let me go back to Twitter,
because I got to get through some more
of these Twitter topics here,
and then I'll see if any more calls
are coming in at that point.
More Twitter topics at twitter.com slash O-L-R
as I load them up here.
Let's see, we actually don't have a whole lot tonight.
Let me go to,
Retertainment says,
I meant to email you,
but can you warn people that deep vein thrombosis
is serious.
Get up and walk around about every two hours.
Yeah, when they say take a break
during a long gaming session,
they're not kidding.
You really should get up and take a break.
Even when we raid in WoW,
we take a quote unquote bio break
every couple hours for a few minutes.
You know, that's a chance for folks to get up,
get water, stay hydrated, get a snack,
go to the restroom and so forth.
It's just good practice.
Well yeah, that guy sat down I think for 12 hours.
Are we talking about the guy in overseas
that like died or whatever?
Yeah.
Yeah, what was that all about?
12 hour gaming session.
It'll kill ya.
Alright, moving on to more tweets at twitter.com slash O-L-R.
A couple from Tiger Claw back to back here.
North Korea's Kim Jong Il is running MMO gold farming racket
is the tweet that's sent here.
This is a news story from Game Informer
delivered to us from Tiger Claw.
The New York Times is reporting that North Korea
is using a team of hackers to infiltrate
popular South Korean MMORPGs and farm in-game points.
Specially trained North Korean hackers
working in concert with South Korean and Chinese operatives
have been infiltrating popular MMOs like Lineage
accumulating in-game points,
selling them on the internet black market.
Wow, the Times say that they've earned
over six million dollars for their efforts,
over half of which has been delivered
to North Korean agents in the capital of Pyongyang.
Yeah, so please don't support this stuff
because that's just, I mean, look.
People are gonna do whatever they have to do to make money.
That's fine, but when you support it,
like you're supporting devious tactics like hacking,
like credit card information getting stolen and so forth,
it's all going to ruin your gameplay experience.
And that's why now ultimately Diablo 3
is gonna require an internet connection, right?
Tiger Claw also links us to this story
and usually I let people only have two stories,
but I gotta say, this one is of definite relevant interest
to at least one person here in studio.
Tiger Claw tweets us about Ragnarok Online.
Yay.
Has launched an iOS companion game
for its popular MMORPG, now out in its ninth year.
Ragnarok Violet is a single-player experience
that utilizes many of the same functions,
mechanics, and environments as the original.
So it's kind of like, I guess, a spinoff mobile game
that lets you have a single-player experience
of Ragnarok.
What does it say in America?
It does not say, oh no, it looks like it is in US.
You can read the description on the App Store
and I click on it and it takes me to the US App Store
for Ragnarok Violet.
I'm looking up, looking for it.
I didn't even get that sentence out of my mouth
and Dark Sakura, I heard the click on the iPhone.
Shut up.
It's free.
But, oh, there's in-game items,
like you can get pet eggs and all this crap.
It's like a free thing.
Way to go, Tiger Claw.
We just lost Dark Sakura to Ragnarok all over again.
Thanks, Tiger Claw.
Yeah, but the one problem is that if it works
with my IRO account and I'm not playing IRO anymore,
then I might be kind of SOL.
Dark Tetsuya in our chat reminds us about a birthday
that happened saying, yesterday there was a birthday
that harkens back to our music game roots.
Taku Sakiyakiabra, I probably mispronounced that name
really horribly, turned another year older.
But you guys all know Taku or T-A-Q, not Taco,
but Taku, turned a year older.
How old does that make him?
I don't know.
A year older.
A year older.
But here you go, guys.
Enjoy some Birthday Holic.
There you go, Birthday Holic for Taku.
All right, let's go to Black Lab.
Remember him?
He used to come to this show like years and years ago,
like in the first 100 episodes or so.
He's listening tonight and sends his tweets
and has some Twitter questions.
Number one, will there be a drunk show soon?
Probably not.
I gave up drinking.
Probably not.
Not that old.
Question two, does Jamie still have that copy
of Owen Don that I gave her?
Happy face.
Yes, it's actually in my DS case right now.
Actually, I think it's in my DS right now.
And you should say if he wants it back,
he has to come be on the show again.
He gave it to me.
Oh, he gave, oh, I thought it was like-
Actually, I think I paid him for it.
Oh, I sound like a, oh, I thought,
the way it was phrased, it sounded like a loner
or something like that.
Oh well.
Also, another last minute question from Black Lab.
How to get a Nintendo fan girl
to try playing non-Zelda games?
Well, if she's not playing non-Zelda games,
then she's not much of a fangirl, is she, of Nintendo.
Dark Sakura, I don't know, you're the girl.
How do you convince other girls
to play games that aren't Zelda?
Pass over your DS and say, here, give this a go.
What if they say, no, I'm too busy.
Busy doing what?
My hair.
Oh, well, that's important.
Baking a pie.
As long as they share the pie.
Doing my application for the tester.
I already did that.
There's always time for games.
I'm updating my echo phone.
Find something where there's like a Barbie mode
where you can do dress up or customization
because women like that shit.
No, you wanna know what's funny is that,
I seriously think that wrestling games,
those WWF games or whatever, WBE games,
are like dress up dolls for dudes.
Because seriously, you can change your outfit.
I've seen Dan spend hours making wrestlers.
It's freaking hilarious.
All right.
Oh, and also changing the bikinis out
on Dead or Alive volleyball.
All right, that's gonna do it
for the Twitter tonight and the Skype line.
Thank you guys so much for your tweets and your calls.
If you didn't get through tonight,
send us an email.
Mailbag at orangelongerator.com
or send us a tweet for next week at twitter.com slash O-L-R.
In the meantime, I'm gonna go over to Loki
and see if there's any last minute stories tonight.
I don't think there is.
I think we got it all, but.
Yeah, it was really slow.
Yeah, it was kind of a slow news week,
hence why it's kind of a shorter show tonight.
But they can't always be action packed weeks,
especially as we get closer and closer.
Once we get after Labor Day,
it's just gonna be go, go, go, go, go
till the end of the year.
So we'll see.
All right, well, that means we're coming to the close
of another episode of Orange Launch Radio.
And I want to thank all you guys for listening this week.
Thank you for supporting our show as always.
If you liked what you heard here at Orange Launch Radio,
please tell somebody else about the show.
Word of mouth is all we have.
We don't even ask for money.
We are the humble indie podcast bundle
of all games programming.
We don't even ask for your money.
All we ask is spread the word,
leave us a nice review on iTunes
or whatever podcasting site you use to find this show.
We'd really appreciate it.
It goes a long way to help promote the show.
So thank you guys again for continuing to support the show
week after week.
Showing up on Sunday nights, those of you that can
and so on.
It makes it all worthwhile to be here again.
And for Dark Sakura to make an audition tape
that you all can vote on soon for this show
that I can't believe she's actually going to go on.
Let me just check all of my Sony stuff behind me.
Go look at this shit.
You owe me.
All right, let's go around
and get everybody's final thought tonight.
Loki, we'll start with you.
The cheating cheater of Tiny Tower,
the hacker who has five million Tower bucks
that he did not purchase.
And it's basically infinite because it's not going down.
What's your final thought tonight?
My final thought is I have 13 floors already.
Dark Sakura, what's your final thought tonight?
Hire me.
And my final thought tonight is tacos.
That's going to do it for another week
here at Orange Launch Radio.
Thanks again for tuning in.
We will be back to do it all again next week.
So we'll see you then.
Have a good night, everybody.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show,
visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights
at 6 p.m. Pacific time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio
do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff
of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com,
but we're probably right anyway.
See you next week.
