Toto, I have a feeling we're not in Kansas anymore.
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio, the Monty talks and then some.
Uh, mostly the and then some part of that.
Orange Lounge Radio is created by a bunch of potty-mouthed adults.
Orange Lounge may contain sexual, perverted, and mildly retarded content.
You probably shouldn't let your children listen to Orange Lounge Radio.
Yes, I will spank your child.
If you're not going to do your job, goddammit, I will.
Well, here's my big opening.
A sphincter says what?
I'm super. Thanks for asking.
Oh, you little bitch troll from hell.
What am I doing here?
No.
Dodge this.
Mm-hmm. This is a tasty burger.
Look, you stupid bastard. You've got no arms left.
Yes, I have. Look.
Just a flesh wound.
Searching for a boy in high school is useless.
It's searching for meaning in a polyshorn way.
Oh, yeah? Well, I hope your babies look like monkeys.
Dark Sakura.
But I'm playing it for the bartender, so suffer.
Loki.
I hate you!
Orange Lounge Radio.
Oh, the fighting's already begun.
We are live, and this is episode number 46 for June the 1st of 2003.
Hey, you're tuned in to the Beeeeeeeeeeeeeemani scenes.
Most super radio station of all things Amani.
My name is Rob Roberts, but you might know me as Sky.
Joining me as always are my awesome co-hosts.
In this corner, the happiest bunny on the farm, Miss Transformer herself, Jamie Summers.
You gave us all stars.
I did.
Uh, you know her better as Dark Sakura.
In that corner, say hello to our tech master, Loki.
I have a clean bill of health yeah what clean bill of health clean bill of
health that sounds like something the governor would give you and also with
us tonight we have one special guest say hello to the right Princess Irene hi
guys um Brad and Matt are coming later they're going to get my my mountain bike
from his parents house because I'm trying to lose weight so okay bike bike
revolution in the I made a vow huh I made a vow I'm gonna play five songs
five games of DVR every day at home every day every day every day work after
work Wow I need to get motivated we'll talk about some workout techniques later
in the meantime we're going to do some quick break we're gonna we're gonna have
a fantabulous break we're gonna play the very matrix a break I'm gonna play the
new promo a brand new promo Irene's all excited to hear it I worked hard on this
one today this is like an hour today Rob work hard no I know it's not the
presence but actually before that we're gonna have some music from 2d x7 style
because um it's underrated I think it's underrated because obviously Konami
yotokio doesn't like it because they haven't put out a home version of it yet
bitches so fuck them in their ear all right so we'll be back after some
fabulous 2DX sound music.
I want you baby, maybe tonight
I take you far away
I see you dancing
Shining like a jewel
Burning for love
In back of the light
The blood inside of
My pride, my heaven
Your precious fire for me
Baby, it's all in stone
Reaching out the dawn of life to come
Baby, it's all in stone
Life forever, can't wait till tomorrow
Baby, it's on its own
Reaching out the door, don't wanna let you go
Baby, it's on its own
Life forever, can't wait till tomorrow
I need you baby, waiting for you
for you
You must be, must be knowing you from the front door
It's gonna make me feel like she's not on the screen, yeah
We can't help but say
We're never gonna fall
We can't help but say
Orange Lounge Radio is proud to present a celebrity interview.
Can you introduce yourself for our listeners?
I'm Miss Cleo.
Oh, it's great to have you on the show today.
Hello, how are you today?
I'm great, thanks.
Did you have a question?
Well, yes, actually I wanted to know...
Can I please have your first name only and your birth date, please?
Uh, well, no, I actually just wanted to know what you thought of Orange Lounge Radio.
Alright, go ahead.
Well, what do you think of Loki, one of the three hosts of Orange Lounge Radio?
Is he incarcerated?
Uh, actually, no he's not, but what do you think of the ever-ranty Dark Zakra?
Hi, dear, how are you?
I love you.
I see you two must know each other. Well, what do you think of Skye?
Did he used to play football when he was in high school?
Well, actually, no he didn't.
Ha ha ha ha!
Well, what do you think of Intern Zero?
I want you to really remember the pill, alright?
I'm seeing some forgetting possibly, and I'm seeing a new baby in the next three months.
Right, okay, well thanks for being on Orange Lounge Radio today.
Um, I don't mean to sidetrack your question here, but...
Who are all of these nosy people, outside influences I'm seeing around you by the moon card?
Get away from me!
Ha ha ha!
Orange Lounge Radio, helping to free your mind and spirit.
I'm miss Cleo. I love you
Wait, sorry, we are muted. Hi, welcome back
You are assisting the orange lounge radio
episode number 46
I still have SARS. This is bad
This is very bad that I'm still sick after so much allergy
It's not sick. It's the allergies. No, it's not allergies. I swear. It's the sick of the air. I think I have a brain tumor
No, seriously like my head hurts like right up around here, it's not like a headache
I'll hit you somewhere else in your head and you won't hurt anyone. It's really filthy get away from me. Oh
My god you put the hat on Cartman. Yes, I did
Good.
God, you're a freak.
Anyway, oh yes, my brain tumor.
Oh, and about that tumor.
I seriously think, okay, I think the other night while I was sleeping or something I
must have like banged my head against the wall repeatedly because it feels like I have
a bruise.
Irene, look.
Do I have a bruise like right here?
It really hurts.
That's really good radio.
If it's not a tumor, then I swear it's like, I don't know.
By the way, you know what you didn't do last week even though I burned them for you?
What?
Those night style songs from the Tesla occasion.
Oh, you're right.
You know, we re-burned them.
Oh, you did. Well, I played some of them a few weeks ago, but, you know, we can play some-
Those are ones that you didn't have.
We'll do some Mind Style songs the next break.
Aha.
They're kinda crappy.
That's what the quality is, anyway.
I'd like to- Excuse me.
Okay, Kermit.
Hi, Ho.
What are you talking about, bitch?
Just kidding.
I like to apologize to Maren-chan right off the bat because I gave her SARS when she was here last week. I'm really sorry.
If she's listening?
Hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
You're talking more pain.
Loki is talking about causing pain to the masses and things like that.
What else?
Oh, yeah, my brain tumor.
Now, it's really weird. Now, it's in my ear.
And my ear tumor?
Maybe I'm thinking I have an ear infection.
But then, sorry what was that?
Robbie, we need to go to Walmart and get you a new head.
I say I mean, Robbie's head.
Whoa, wait til Brad gets here, okay?
It kind of reminds me, you remember, and I can make this Balmani related, do you remember
in Max PC, or I'm sorry Max PC, do you remember Jason Enos' character?
like the head was really small than the rest of the body it made it look like it
looked like it reminded me of that scene from return to Oz where the witch like
had all the heads in a jar and like she could take into it because the head
looked faked it looked like it was just like screwed on yeah return to Oz was an
awesome movie good reference I liked it because it was like just like the book
you know what I think we need to do on orange hans radio some night see if this
is a rating success or a ratings disaster, because we have this neat new mixing board,
we can loop in the TV, so we should watch a movie and comment along with it. It'll be
like Mystery Science Theater on the radio. We need to watch Reading Rainbow. I am so
sad. You can't AP Reading Rainbow. I am sad. Why? About them not having any more money
to do more Reading Rainbow. They haven't cancelled Reading Rainbow yet. Yeah, but they can only
do what, four shows a year? I know, it's sad. This sucks. They better not cancel Reading
Rainbow. What will LeVar Burton do? Oh my god, LeVar Burton will like have to retire
because he's got. But he's a certified genius, he can get, they'll pay him for being smart.
You know what I saw on Game Show Network the other day? I saw The Weakest Link, Star Trek
edition. That was great. And he won. Well yeah, he's like an actual, isn't he, what's
And not only did he win, he got like the highest jackpot in that game's history up to that
point or something like that. Isn't that fabulous?
This is really smart. I enjoy hearing about smart people because the world is mostly full
of idiots. Smart people bring a smile to my face. I'm just as much as seeing idiots die
smile to my face. I'm just as much as seeing idiots, you know, die violent, horrible, bloody
deaths. Do you have any fun idiot watching stories to tell this week? Have you been out
to the various arcades and seen any idiots? Just been driving on the road, plenty of idiots
there. And I was at the mall today, you know, good figure. Oh, how was the rest of your
day with Sharks Girl and Mel B, who were in town today? Well, you were there for Mango
Chow. Right, I was there for Mango Chow. And then we decided that we were going to go to
the idiot mecca of Sacramento, which is Ardent Fair Mall, and of course there's also the
idiot mecca of Roseville, which is in the Galleria.
What about Golfland?
That's just like the retard mecca.
There's a difference between idiots and retarded people.
Of course, calling that the retard mecca would probably insult retarded people everywhere.
Okay.
Anyway, there were lots of stupid people everywhere and they were all driving and they were in
the parking garage and we found like a really nice parking spot because it was in the second
level of the garage by Sears so it was all shady and this is still hot and the hot sucks
and then all the expresses everywhere are closed everywhere.
The stores?
Yeah.
Why?
Because they're remodeling or something.
That sucks.
She came all the way out here.
She started wasting her trip completely?
Well no, because she got something at Hot Topic.
She got a big, floppy, fuzzy black hat.
Whoa.
It's a hat.
Sounds kind of kinky.
It's a hat.
And we went to Torrid, I know it's not a kinky hat, it's a cute hat.
Then we went to Torrid, and I looked at clothes I can't buy yet because I haven't gotten paid.
And then we listened to Strong Bad on the way home.
Then we went to Scandia, ran into DJ Syndrome, and ran into...
We need to get him on the show some night.
We ran into Ryan, some name I guess.
We need to get him back on the show some night.
I know, because he's been falling off the face of the earth.
No kidding, and where's Intern Zero?
Intern Zero is probably working.
Oh, that's true.
Because remember, he works for my man now.
That's right.
He is now indirectly my bitch.
In all of these celebrity interviews that we'll be doing in future weeks,
you know, we'll always ask about Intern Zero
because we're always curious about, you know,
what the celebrities think of our intern.
Because we're very privileged to have Intern Zero on board here.
Well, it's, you know, we have a very privileged group
You know, we need to not forget about our foreign correspondent from the People's Republic
of Davis, Abed N'Hilpa'i, who entered here TM.
Yeah, we need to get Puppy back on the show too.
Puppy, get your ass back out here, now, or we spank you with a roll-up newspaper.
I'm waiting for the big sniff in the chat room.
Oh, if you want to join our chat room, head on over to www.calibomani.com, click on Orange
lounge and then click on chat. And then you can chat with our chatters in the chat room.
I feel really irresponsible because we're supposed to be working on the battle royale
plane instead of playing Ragnarok. Ha! I am so glad that it's gone pay to play.
I am seriously thinking of starting Ragnarok now because like I was watching Brad play
the other night it was comedy gold. Isn't it great?
tell your Ragnarok story first? Okay, they went pay to play, which is the best thing
that could have ever happened. I mean, true, I'm going to have friends who I used to, who
helped me level and get where I am today, character-wise, who are not going to pay to
play. But like, one friend gave me, um, like, 250,000 zenny, which was a lot of the money
in the game. So I went out and bought a bunch of armor. And now my character's badass. And
And on top of that, since they introduced the Pay to Play, like today's the actual day
it starts, the server congestion went from about 13,000 people logged in to 6,500, right
around there.
Therefore, there's no lag.
All of you people who decided to quit, thank you.
I love you.
Let's see, I'm thinking about starting to join now after watching Brad play the other
day.
That's fine.
Now, you and Brad play on different servers though, so can you move your character from
one server to another?
Nope.
You'll lose everything.
That's ass.
That is so ass.
But you can make two characters, one on each server.
That might work.
But you have to play on Chaos with me.
Okay, but if I do it, if, if, I still have to cancel my PSO account first because I don't
play PSO at all.
But mine was already cancelled, believe it or not.
Really?
I didn't even know mine was cancelled.
I looked up my stuff on, um, if you go to Sega.com slash PSO underscore GCN.
I wonder if they just cancel you automatically if you don't play.
Bless their little hearts if that's what they do.
They keep your information there in case you want to start back up, but I might start PSO
back up later, but for right now I've just been, that's been my, you know, I'll play
then I'll like let my character sit and heal while I go off and do other stuff.
Maren has given us the Ragnarok report.
There is currently 3,800 people logged into Chaos.
Thank you.
And see, I'm so glad that she's paying to play too, because then I get my sauce on Ragnorock with me, and I have 50 fire arrows for you.
Okay, for those that don't play Ragnorock online, you visit the website www.ragnarockonline.com
Excellent. Maybe somebody in the chat room will be so kind as to post a link.
And it's $12 a month unless you do pay by cash, then it's a little bit more because of the service charge.
But it's not continuously updating your pay, so you have to pay every month manually.
Even so, you can pay up to six months in advance.
I paid three. It's a little bit cheaper to pay three months or six months in advance, but I paid three months in advance.
And if you want to find me on there, my username is Sorato. It's the only one I have.
So what's the game like? It's kind of like the best way I can describe it is kind of like a multiplayer Secret of Mana.
Yeah, it's like playing Secret of Mana, you have your individual character.
You can form a party, you can share experience,
which is really good if you're all trying to get levels quickly because then
every time you fight something you'll all gain levels together.
You can buy stuff, upgrade your armor, you can make your own quest.
There's also bosses hidden in the game
Where you and a billion other people can just like tag team and like rape this guy.
Whoa! Tag team raping only on Ragnarok Online.
Like the Troll King or something.
In the chat room RiceRYC3 says,
It's like Diablo 2 but cuter.
I've been hearing it's not like Ultima. Ultima Online.
Oh, I never did play that.
It's all point and click killing stuff.
Let me tell my funny because I was watching, or actually it's really Brad's funny.
I was watching Brad play the other day, and I guess he was talking about this guy who
was, you know, because of the server changes, a lot of people, or the fact that they're
going pay-to-play, there was a lot of people giving shit away on there.
So there was this guy, and he stood there, he said, I'm gonna give away my armor, and
it's like this super rare armor, he says, I'm gonna give away my armor in ten minutes,
I'll be right back.
So he, you know, he says that, and then all these people just start crowding around him,
like tons and tons of people.
He's probably got lots of whispers.
Tons, I don't, I mean, just masses of people around him.
And then after 10 minutes of his up, he goes, just kidding, and runs away.
There was a guy in there, who kept dropping cards and then picking them up.
And then he's like, I'm going to drop all my cards, because cards are like, they're
a one in one million item or something that you can fit.
I think I've got like a bajillion of them.
Anyway, he says he's going to give away all of his cards, and so he drops one card, which
is like a pouring card which is like this little pink bubble thing which is the weakest
character in the game.
And then he starts dropping like twigs, branches, flowers, which are all like little crap stuff.
Awesome.
The other thing I watched Brad do, oh I actually suggest this because this is the crazy thing
about Ragnarok Online is that when you go into the towns, there's just masses of people
there.
Hi, we're AFK and clogging the server.
Oh my god, there's just people just standing there in the middle of the town.
It looks like China in there, I swear to God.
Hey, and you can get flu masks in the game.
You can buy yourself one from Ragnarok.
I swear to God, Ragnarok online looks like China.
So you go into the middle of the street or whatever, so I told Brad, hey, there's that
big clusterfuck of people standing in the middle of the screen.
Go run around him and go, I have SARS, cough, cough, cough.
So he did it.
He ran in, he ran in the middle of the group, and he's all, I have SARS, cough, cough, cough.
Literally the second after he did that, someone summoned a monster into town that just started
running around killing all the people that were idling. It was great. And Brad's like,
gotta go! This is great though because people have been protesting the charge, which is
I think so retarded, because they knew from the beginning that the whole reason that they
were beta-testing us is that you would eventually pay for the service. So this is great. And
for all you people who play, I don't know if they still have it up, but this is hilarious.
There's a warp, and the phone's ringing, there's a warp. We can't take phone calls on the show
On the south gate of Ponteira, which is like the middle town, and uh...
Oh, stop picking it up.
What?
It's spam.
Oh, it's spam?
Yeah.
Do not ruin this show to bring us spam!
Hand, hand, hand, hey, hand, hey, hand, hey.
That could have been the most important call of my life, according to that.
Hand, come here.
They set up a warp right in the south gate of town, so if you leave town, you go into
this warp, and the warp shoots you to the Christmas village.
Everybody is trapped in a corral with no way out.
That's right.
So the only way you can get out is to use something called a fly wing, which will teleport
you to another part of town.
Luckily for me, I had a fly wing, so I go to the other part of town, and they're like,
let us out! Let us out! And I was like, ah! And then I got killed. And then I went back
there. And like, if you leave there, you have to dodge abominable snowmans and things, and
they're aggressive, so they chase you. But I have high agility, so I run away.
This is a fun topic. I want to solicit stories from the chat room. If anybody has any funny
online game stories, this is really nerdy, but it can be funny. If anybody has any really
good online game stories that are funny, send them to me in private message in the chatroom.
Well, this is the part that sucks. The only way out of the Christmas village,
besides warping, is going to the south, to warp past all the aggressive creatures.
It takes you to a city called Aldebaran, which is like way in the north.
The only way to get out of that town is to walk past three screens full of aggressive
creatures
that will kill me in two hits. And I made it out.
I was happy.
The wizards or whatever, weren't they the ones that were like, you have to pay me to get out of here
And I can work you out. Yeah, they have the ability to warping and some of them in the game
They're just like may I have the hill please not heal you
I'm like hey cool
and I ran into a swordman with sword sword ease are cool to hang out with because I like kill stuff for you if
You're low-level they like kill stuff
Then they'll let you tank on them which tanking means
they'll attack a creature once so that the creature keeps hitting them over and over and you can kill the creature and get the
experience from it and
so I
I hung out with one who killed a bunch of people for me and then they left.
Aww. Does Ragnarok still have really bad Engrish?
Yes, it's beautiful. It's like, it's core Engrish.
Cause remember it's Korean.
Okay, so I'm gonna shift gears and talk about a different online game that we brought up earlier, PSO.
I think I mentioned this on a previous show, but I'll tell you the funniest thing I've ever seen in PSO.
and PSO.
I don't know, were you there, Loki, when I was watching this?
I went into a server once, I went into a PSO server, and the way Phantasy Star Online looks,
it's kind of like a 3D Diablo II.
That's really the most elementary way of putting it.
You know, it probably doesn't do the game justice, but I'm just going to say it, it's
a 3D Diablo II.
So you go into the server room, which is like this giant circle, and you know, there are
all these people standing there, and then one guy decides to just start running laps
around the room.
He's just running around in a giant circle, and everybody, you actually can see like everybody
watching him as he's running around the circle on the screen and people are like going what
the hell and then suddenly a couple other guys decide to join him and they all start
running around in the circle and then suddenly like the entire server room is doing a big
conga line around the server.
It was the gayest thing ever but it was so funny.
I'm going to send some pictures for next week.
I have pictures because every so often I'll say the screen capture for when I'm playing
Ragnarok.
I have a picture of this place in the desert town where I was getting my weapons upgraded
and some friends met me there and then random people were there and we all formed a conga
line StableRx has an interesting story to share
here in our chat room. He says my friend Chris made a female account and as soon as he logged
in a guy started flirting with him. He kept stalking him until he logged out and he never
used the account again. Do you ever find yourself getting hit on as a female game player?
All the time but it's a good thing because they give me stuff.
I have a story.
We played, well this was back when Ultima Online was first getting started and we were
just being really stupid so what we did was we stripped our character of all of his clothes
and just said he got player killed and kept begging for stuff from people and the player's
name was Italian Sausage.
And so we were just running around yelling sausage for sale and just being like really
annoying.
Wait what game was this?
Ultima Online.
Oh ok Ultima Online.
We were really bored that day.
There's also a lot of idiots on Ragnarok.
Just randomly, I was in this one place that Ma and Chan showed me.
This island that you have to get to from Alberta.
Anyway, we were just sitting there.
Like, in the cave leading in, just waiting.
So I set up a chat room in there.
Said, told if 200 is any.
And people paid me.
I got like 600. That's awesome. And other people, this is a great idea, they set up
a kissing booth because there's an emoticon in the game that makes a smoochie and then
a little heart comes up and they're making money. So I want to do though, one of my friends
did, I forgot who this was. It was so long ago. One of the people I was playing with
back on when I first was playing the second beta, um, decided, they wrote on this, um,
like, sex or 500 zenny or something, or 5000, and so, the person went in there and paid
up front, just like how you got fucked.
That's great. Um, so, okay, we can bring this around to Bomani somehow, believe it or not,
Because with the new DDR going to go online, that's going to be very interesting.
I mean, do you think there's going to be more to it than just the, oh, find a person to
dance with and watch them watch your other side of the screen get perfect scrapes boost?
Or do you think there might be this whole like developing your own dancer type thing?
I think it should be like dance magic and then with like conquest mode.
If there was a god there would be dance magic mode.
Wouldn't it be cool to have dance magic and then like be able to have your character just
on the server randomly and you can have stats up there like in conquest mode from Soul Calibur.
Wouldn't that be cool?
Dance conquest!
That would be cool!
I'd play.
This is why we should work for Konami.
I'm sorry, Jamie?
This is why we should work for Konami.
I agree.
1. More funny online gaming stories 2. This one time I was playing Counter Strike and the server had friendly fire on. I just entered the server and killed this guy for his gun. He got pissed and I left the server.
Meanie
Yeah, you can ask interested
Did you do our angel has a story to share dad and I were playing Diablo 2 on our own server
we came to upper cressat and
Go after the council members one by one
I start running around just to get the little monsters to get experience next thing
You know somehow I end up having all seven council members chasing me. I scream help dad goes. How did you do that?
I go I don't know dad proceeds to kill all their asses in less than five minutes while I lay there dead
That's so interesting because um, I've never heard of anybody playing online games with their parents that would scare me to run into my mother
Well, he's just cool like that and you know that any of us when we have kids
We're gonna play games with our kids too
but I just as it is now I could never imagine like my mother or my dad no my
dad's actually computer savvy and there are some computer games he's played in
the past mostly solitaire and shit like card games but if I were to run into him
on an online game I'd like zap him so he couldn't like he couldn't embarrass me
I'd kill him you know my party is named huh my party is named Battle Royale of
Of course.
I want to make a guild called Battle Royale.
Or BR Act.
The BR Act.
I like, I really like that idea of DDR Online having a dancing conquest.
That would be cool. What other cool DDR Online ideas
have people thought of?
How about this?
How about they don't make it?
Ooh, there's an idea.
You're here.
Shut up, bitch.
That has nothing to do with the topic, Dan.
I think they should make Stroker online, because that's how many people we're paying off.
Nobody gets that, Loki. Nobody. I don't care.
You know the game they need to make another one of?
Freaking Night Trap.
Night Trap 2. That would be the shit.
Did you hear that, um, oh wait, Night Trap wasn't on 3DO. It was a Sega CD game, wasn't it?
I owned the damn game.
3DO filed for bankruptcy this week.
Yay!
And whenever I think of, you know, whenever I think of 3DO though, I think of that horrible, horrible, HORRIBLE Zelda game.
That was a CD-i.
Wasn't that 3DO?
No, it was CD-i.
Nevermind.
3DO I'll always remember as the first time playing You Don't Know Jack.
What the fuck did 3DO do then?
They made the stupid army man games.
Wasn't there a system called 3DO?
There was a 3DO, but I don't think it was the same people.
What the fuck was on the 3DO system?
Flashback.
That's it?
That was their biggest game, was Flashback?
They had this like, it was supposedly this, you know, what was it called, this something
M technology?
They had uh, Road Rage.
Okay, here we go.
Road Rage, Eternal Champions, thank you, Tarun.
Eternal Champions was not on the freaking 3DO.
Are you sure?
I'm more than positive Kabuki Clash was on the 3DO.
I just remembered those things for like 400 bucks. Fuck that.
Eternal Champions was on the Genesis and the Eternal Champions CD was on the Sega CD.
I own the game and I should know. I even bought, um, what was the thing called? The Menacer? Was that what it was called?
Yeah.
The Activator.
Well, the Menacer was the gun.
Right, I have got a Menacer. But I've got an Activator too, the one that's like the arena.
I bought it at Virgin, like a year ago.
Yeah, and it came with Eternal Champions.
It's sitting in my closet.
You know what? I kinda want a CD-i system and a 3DO just because, you know, nobody has them.
You know what shitty system I want?
What?
A Jaguar CD.
I want a Jaguar CD.
So I can play Defender 2000.
I want Tempest 2000.
Okay, you can get it on Saturn then.
Okay, but I want the Jaguar version.
Same name name.
But it's Atari's system, and it's Atari games, so...
And it's easier to control on the...
Shush!
That's it.
Saturn, right?
Do I have a Saturn?
Loki has a Saturn.
Loki has a Saturn.
I'll bring you over to Tempest 2000 next week.
Oh dear lord.
That's it, pre-show next week should be all Tempest 2000 songs.
I'm down with that.
Actually, I want to do...
Jamie, you have to let me do one pre-show one week, because...
No.
I want to do...
I want to do Commodore 64 music.
Oh my god, yes!
Did you hear what Bradley posted in response to your Commodore 64?
Hold on, let me bring it up. Okay, for those of you that listen to Orange Laundry like all the time, that would be the cool people.
On Friday night, you would have heard me doing a fuck off show because I was really bored and Irene flaked on me for going out Friday night.
So I played a bunch of 80's music and that led into talk about Commodore 64.
because the Commodore 64 was like the coolest computer system ever
and it just turned twenty years old like two months ago but anyway
so um...
I had a point to this
oh yeah I started downloading all these games and stuff
and um... one of them
one of the most memorable games for me on Commodore 64 was Impossible Mission
tell us a little bit about Impossible Mission, Irene
uh... it was really cheesy, it had really bad voice acting
you basically had to try to put them together as well
paper that had little, you know, googly marks and stuff. But anyway, it had really bad,
like, pseudo-voice acting, and, um, Rob was gonna be pulling up, like, you know, a special
treat or whatever, but yeah. It was really hard, like, you had to time it, and if you
didn't beat it by then, then you, like, died for some reason. I don't really remember.
Yeah, but it was a great game. Hey, Rob. You know what I wanna bring over? What? My Coleco
vision. What do you have on Coleco vision? Oh, you have the Casey Munchkin on. That was
the Odyssey. My bad. You don't even have a TV that my Odyssey will work with. You need
one of those old ones with like the prong hookup thingies. Ok hold on I'm going to download
that sound clip we were talking about earlier. Oh my god. If I can get it. But we need to
play Smurf. Or I can bring over the 2600 and we can play the worst game ever. What? E.T.
I saw. Or Pac-Man. I saw this hilarious commercial on G4 today. There was this guy and I guess
he was a programmer or whatever and he says hey I'm so-and-so and I programmed
Yars revenge and I programmed um he's I programmed Yars revenge and I programmed
what was the other thing he'd done and then he goes he said I programmed Yars
revenge I programmed Raiders of the Lost Ark and I programmed ET. He's like so I'm
known for one of the best 2600 games of all time and one of the worst. Anyway oh
here's that sound file we were talking about earlier kids.
I've actually got promo for the prototype. They did, and they put these out I think at one of the classic gaming conventions which I want to go to in Vegas.
But they, I think it's Classic Gaming Expo is the one that's in Vegas over here.
Oh, I hella want to go to that. When is that?
I think it's in August is when it's coming up.
I hope it's not the same weekend as Cyberbeat Nation 2.
I don't know.
But, um, well, anyway, they have prototype games. They've actually
cartridge-ized and everything. And this guy sold them on eBay. And we picked up
Super Pac-Man, which is my favorite Pac-Man game.
Yes, I agree. Super Pac-Man is the best Pac-Man game.
And we picked up Millipede for this. And I've got a trackball.
Ah, cool.
Nothing beats playing Millipede on a 5200 with a trackball.
There are very few experiences that are as beautiful as that.
I have a quick Bamani related question when it comes to Atari 2600.
Wasn't somebody trying to develop Dance Dance Revolution for the 2600?
Yes.
Whatever happened with that?
Loki, you probably follow that subject better than any of us.
No, it's because people still program for the 2600 for I don't know whatever reason,
because it's fun.
They were trying to create like a sort of Dance Dance Revolution type game, and the
The problem is they had to do it like horizontally instead of vertically because I guess the vertical refresh rate isn't as fast as the horizontal refresh rate or something like that.
It's like playing Beatmania on the WonderSwan.
Yeah, you were saying?
Anyway, so yeah, I don't think that it would ever win anywhere.
You know what I want to get? They have for your cell phones, or for certain cell phones, you know how you can put games on there? Yeah, pump it up.
Yeah, I heard about that, but I couldn't find where you'd download it.
I think it's only for Korean cell phones.
There's pictures in one of the DDR live journal things.
I'm too lazy to go look them up.
Just because they're garlicky.
I think we need to take a break. Let's take a quick break. We're going to do a break, and this is...
memory of cheese attached to them. We're gonna play some 9th Style songs this break. So the
quality of the MP3s is kinda eh, but you guys might enjoy these anyways. So it's a free
preview here of what's coming up on 9th Style. We're gonna play the following songs. Emotion
2003, Romantic Extra, Abyss, Let's Say Hello, and Distress. So we're gonna hear all those
fabulous night style songs and then we'll be back
sound like a plan
you are listening to orange lounge radio
if you want to join in the fun in the chat room when they're all reminiscing about
classic video games right now i'm seeing all these great games being named right now
adventure
beachhead
mule
mule uh... or I should say M-U-L-E
combat
So we will be right back after some night style mp3s
So the quality of these is kind of am but it'll give you an impression of what you can look forward to very soon
We'll be back.
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
It's more contagious than SARS It's Orange Lounge Radio
Howdy!
We're back!
How are you?
SARS horrific!
I hope you enjoyed those 9 style preview songs.
I know the quality was a little poopy, but you know, they always are at first.
I'm surprised we haven't had better ones by this point yet, though.
I'm so happy about the second to last song.
The Let's Say Hello?
Uh-huh.
That song's cute.
That one was cool.
It sounds worthy of, like, pop and music-ness.
It makes me think of Murmur Twins.
You think it's the same group?
I don't think it is.
No, it just makes me think of Murmur Twins.
Hmm.
I don't know who did that, and I'm too lazy to look it up right now.
So, we're back. Hello, how are you?
I'm trying to think.
I'm hazelnutty. And garlicky.
I noticed Loki's working on some things over there. You want to do the cage match?
Sure. Did I bring a song? You did bring a song.
Okay, I forgot if I did. Yes you did. Okay, we're going to do the cage match.
Because we usually don't do the cage match early in the show, we're just going to throw people through the loop.
you can win that's has he has he been four weeks yes oh yes this will be the
fourth week cuz Mona Lisa Overdrive had two weeks the first time because of b3
yes oh we've got more people here hello it's men hello boys and girls it's man
oh sorry I dropped your shits kids it's men we are the men's in this house hey
the topic we were talking about before you guys got here I know Matt maybe has
something to contribute because he used to play ever crack we were just talking
about funny no funny online gaming stories and I already told the one about
you telling people in Ragnarok yet stars yes Oh video which Jamie just asked me
if I'm paying to play they just okay we just felt like a half hour talking about
Ragnarok so make it quick quick all right for those if there's anybody who's
interested or is playing they did today shut off the servers to get ready for
It did just come back up, and instead of being 12,000 people on the server with lots of lag, there's 2,400 people on the server with no lag.
We had an update from Aaron who says 3,800 people are logged into Chaos right now.
Loki is a little less people.
Damn, there's less people on you, Loki.
I have lots of people on me.
Yeah, it's just weird.
Do you have any quick, fun, stupid online gaming stories you want to share? Like things that happen to you in an online game?
Yeah, okay, here's another. Do you mind if I talk about Ragnarok? Sure. If it's funny, it has to be funny.
It is pretty funny.
Wait, is it about the guy in the armor? Because I told that one too.
The guy in the armor?
Never mind. The guy who was going to give away the armor said just kidding and ran off.
Oh, no. That was funny though.
One of the classes has the ability to warp people places.
Well, when people got wins that they were going to be going pay to play, like 50 or more percent of the people who play the beta didn't like that.
So they started warping people to places where they can't get out of it.
And they did that to me, the Christmas village.
I had a fly wing too, but it took me 10 minutes to realize I had one.
And so they were sitting there and I took screen captures and I was like, I'm going to report you guys to gravity and you're going to get kicked off the server.
15 minutes ago called your topic arrived. I'm just kidding. You know what? I just got here. I'm just kidding
I am go good not this
Matt do you have any ever cracked stories that are funny?
No one more little thing. Okay. I freaking got warped to five different locations in a row
And then sent me to glass time
I hate glass time
Eat electric death
Yes, greatest video game quote ever.
lounge radio so let's start it off with the reigning champion Loki's pick three
weeks actually only two shows victorious but since we had no show the weekend of
b3 it's been victorious for three weeks now so this is the last time it can win
and this will be the very first four week rotated song if this one so here's
Here's a clip of Loki's song.
You want to introduce us?
This is Don Davis and Juno Reactor with Mona Lisa Overdrive from the Matrix Reloaded movie.
And since it is last week's winner, you only get to hear a clip, sorry kids.
So here's a clip of Mona Lisa overdrive.
Then there's a clip of last week's winner, Mona Lisa Overdrive.
Beautiful.
Alright, the next entry tonight comes from...
Jamie!
That's going to annoy the hell out of Matt.
Okay, so tell us...
It's something Speedmix.
Uh oh.
Oh God, it's a Speedmix.
Well, tell us about it.
It's September.
It's old school stuff.
It's old school.
Who's it by?
I don't remember.
DJ Speedo with September the Speedo mix.
I think I got this one from JB, but I like the song anyway because I like the original.
Alright, sounds good.
So this is Jamie's pick for this week, and since it's a new entry, you get to hear the
whole five minute long version.
Here it is.
DJ Speedo with September, the Speedo mix, Jamie's pick for the cage match this week.
Enjoy
You're the king of the world, we're singing
There's a dance of the night in the mud
How the stars roll the night away
Are you flying? Are you flying away?
My thoughts are with you, holding hands with your arms I see you, over the wall below Remember how when you look at me, I'll be there with you
My thoughts are with you, holding hands with your arms I see you, always look on in love Remember, how a new love was here this day
Now December is on the line, we'll share in September Only blue for time alone, remember True love is shared today
Now I'm with you, holding hands with your arms I see you, a little bit hard to love Remember how a new love was here today
Now the summer, summer love, yeah, the summer Only a little time to love, remember True love is here today
I was about to leave the house, and I couldn't find a song, so I picked September, because
I like the song, I like the original, I like the speed mix okay, I give it an upper level
eight, barely a nine.
Upper level eight, barely a nine from Jamie.
Okay, I give it a 2 because it's a speedmix and I hate speedmixes and everything.
What did I say?
I hate speedmixes.
God dammit, it's not a new song, you just sped up the old one.
Stop it.
I would give that song like, I don't know, okay, this is my problem with speedmixes.
DDR size, like a minute and a half, two minutes, they're awesome.
They're cool, they're fun, they're cheesy to dance to, they're great.
Five minutes long? Joke's old.
So, if that were two minutes long, I'd give it like an eight.
But since it's five minutes long, I'm gonna have it and give it a four.
But I do, I like the original too.
Yeah, the original was good.
I love the original. I love the original, but... no.
It's just a... no.
Alright. Matt, the ice prince, or ice queen, whatever we're calling you.
Whatever.
We have the rice princess and the ice princess.
I like that better than Ice Queen. I'm not that dramatic, bitch.
Anyway, I have to give that about a six. Rob made a good point.
Five minutes is a little too long for a speed mix. It just gets repetitive, so...
Well, it depends on how you're... Well, never mind. Anyway, I give it a six.
The problem is it goes so fast that really you're listening to about 15 minutes worth of music in that little five minute spot.
Loki makes a damn good point. Listen up everybody. Irene, you have something to say?
Yeah, I agree. I give it a 6 too, because I'm really burnt out on speed mixes, especially all the crap that you play on Orange Lounge.
Yeah, that you need to take off. But yeah, 6, yeah, whatever.
Mr. Brad, there are only three good speed songs in this world. Can't Stop Falling in Love, If You Were Here With Me Before the Beat, and the Aerosmith Jaded song.
If it's not that, it's not good. If it's two.
No, it's a one.
What?
Yeah, there was a speed mix that won the cage match one time.
Yeah, I was heaven is a place on earth.
So, I think the general public would tend to disagree with you, Mr. Brad.
The general public doesn't matter.
Because they're all retards and they don't play Ragnarok online.
Jamie knows what I'm talking about
Anyway, can we get onto my pic now?
No, they don't need to play rock n' roll
My pick, my pick, my pick time
There's never gonna be any more clocks
My pick time, it's my pick time
Fine, go! God
Okay, who remembers like about three months ago
when I put in a song by Kylie Minogue called
Your Disco Needs You
And everybody wanted to kill me
Well, this is a Kylie song that people said
I should have put in instead
And this is, I'll admit it
much better Kylie song and if any Kylie song would win the cage match should be
this one and it's very cute it's very depth will to be great of a Monty game
and it's got a great video it's got a wonderful video to it it but you can't
see it because it's radio hot this is Kylie Minogue with come into my world
another song this is my pick for this one I hope you win all right here it is
Enjoy
Take these offers made for lovin' And this heart that's so big for two
Take these eyes that will make for what's in over you
And I've been such a long time waitin' For someone I could call my own
I've been chasing the lights, I'm dreaming now I'm gone
I need your love
Nice, I need more than this
Why don't you come, come, come into my world
And hold me up, up, high up on your love
Baby, come, come, come into my world
Won't you move me up, up high up on your hands, up high up on your hands
Take these lips off of me for a kiss And this heart I will see you through
And these hands of the made-to-touch shall feel you
For free your love
Feel me as you call it
Come, come, come into my world
Come, come, come into my world
Higher on your love, baby
Come, come, come into my world
I need your love
High up on your head
I need your love
I need your love
Like I need more than you
Come, come, come into my world
Would you feel me? Oh, oh
I am on your love, baby
Come, come, come into my world
But you're giving me up
Higher from your, higher from your love
Alright, boys and girls, Kylie Minogue with Come Into My World, what did y'all think of
that one?
Jamie's in the facilities right now, so we'll start with Irene.
Oh, I like Kylie, um, that was a pretty good one, I give it an 8, I'd rather hear In Your
Eyes, but that one's pretty good.
Maybe another time, in another three months I'll do it, you're right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Alright.
What do you give it honest?
One to ten?
Eight?
You give it an eight?
An eight, yeah.
Alright.
Uh.
Whoever grabs the mic next?
Eight.
Jamie.
Eight.
Brad.
Um.
I give it an eight too, because I like this one a lot, but.
Not a huge Kylie fan.
I know.
Fine.
Kill me kick me out of here be gone. Just beat me up now, please ice ween
What I sweat well, no that was only last night oh
Boy anyway
Anyway, if that was anything like the other song that you were playing
I was gonna have to tell somebody to go get a rope so we can hang you by your friggin toes from the ceiling
But no, that was a good one. I like that song a lot. I give that a nine
Okay, excellent.
Loki!
Wow, you know, that sounded like every other fucking song that she sings.
Gee, um, hmm, since I've heard it before, you know, I'm gonna have to say that, uh, I'm gonna give it a zero because it sucks ass.
And, no, actually, no, Kylie's alright, but that song sucks. Seriously, she has done much better stuff in that song.
I actually have to decrease mine because last weekend when Marron and I had lunch in San Francisco, they played nothing but Kylie Minogue.
And then I was there the weekend before, so all of you were at the tourney and I went to go get lunch.
And it was when Megumi-chan and I were having lunch and they were playing Kylie. So I dropped mine to a six.
Just out of bitterness. I would just like to, I would like to retort Loki's argument and say that that song sounds nothing like I should be so lucky in love.
I should be so lucky, lucky, lucky, lucky.
Come on!
Anyway, I give it a ten, it's fabulous.
Alright, here we go. You can send your votes now. Here's a quick recap of the songs in tonight's Cade Match.
Pick number one, last week's winner, three weeks winner, Mona Lisa Overdrive and The Matrix 2.
That's a shitty clip of the song. Let me play a different clip.
All right, pick number two, DJ Speedo with Sick Timber.
And pick number three, Kylie Minogue, Come Into My World.
Voting is now open.
you're gonna send those over to private message to me I'm sky in the chat room
and you send those over private MSG and if you want to send in your vote you
got to get in our chat room head on over to www.calibomani.com click on
orange lounge and click on chat don't forget about our live journal community
oh yeah our live journal community we haven't heard that out in a while if you
If you have a LiveJournal, and you want to join our LiveJournal community, you'll get the special insider scoop on all our Live.Ops and new shows.
So head on over to LiveJournal.com slash users slash OrangeLounge, or just username OrangeLounge.
For those of you familiar with LiveJournal, put us on your friends list. Show the world you love OrangeLounge.
All right. Ooh, my screen is filling up with votes for the cage match. I'm going to have to go count those in a little bit.
In the meantime, what else do you kids want to talk about today?
Do we have a sim update with Loki?
Loki's been awfully quiet.
I think Kylie scared him.
So, let's wake him up with a sim update.
You know, I want to know where my freaking Dancy Stage Party Edition stuff went.
It's like disappeared off my computer.
That's weird.
Anyways, there's a new CVS update for StepMania.
It was just updated yesterday, I believe.
Pretty nice.
I was playing with that earlier.
They've got a bunch of new modifiers added in there, which is pretty cool, and then they've also done some other things.
They added a few things where you can adjust the pitch of the song.
Before it used to be limited just to 0.7, now you can go all the way down to 0.3, which makes the song sound really bad.
But, you know, if you really wanted to practice or something, that's pretty good for you, and it loads really nice, so go check that one out.
And if you haven't checked out, there's a new DWI version, 2.49 or whatever, but I don't play DWI because it's inferior,
So, you know, go check that one out too.
Now, as for other updates, let's see here.
Check for my sims because that Uber or Utterdude or whatever,
that guy is releasing a lot of cool stuff and pretty much all the step files kick ass
and they're just really playable, so go play those.
And other than that, I have the second most DWIs on the internet other than Shoei,
which has, you know, 5,000 by 3,000 something now, so yay.
I would have 5000 if I put every single one that he has in there because I have all those files but unfortunately he has duplicates so I don't put them all in there.
Anyways, so back to you.
Wonderful.
Wasn't there a new StepMania on stuff?
Weren't you even listening to what I was-
No I wasn't. Um, they weren't either. They were over there in the corner talking about their-
I was tallying cage match votes, I'm sorry.
Hello, Joe.
We're talking about money, go away.
What about money?
We're talking about the fact that you don't have it.
Yeah.
Sniff.
Hello, we're trying to do a show here, what's up?
If you're gonna stand on the show, what's up?
What?
Shut up.
Bitch, please.
Your hair is sticking up.
Okay, Irene, what would you like for McDonald's?
I'd like a chicken sandwich and some fries.
Okay, so maybe I'll just get the meal. It's the fries and the drink and stuff.
I'll take your car, right?
Whatever's cheaper. Yeah, you can take my car.
Okay, I gotta go get cash back. Can you get me one of those cheesecake McFlurries while you're out?
Hey, fuck you! See, this is why I need things on the radio, because I need food for McDonald's, too.
Our listeners really want to hear about the Uber ride. I think they do. No.
Listeners, you care about what we're getting at McDonald's. I say we have a vote.
What do you think we should get at McDonald's?
No, don't get them mixed up with the Cajun Metro.
I want one if they have the, for a limited time only, they have the Strawberry
Cheesecake McFlurries.
For a limited time.
For a limited time only.
That's okay, cause I'm just going to go eat sandwich at my house after the show.
You're going to go eat a sandwich?
Fine.
I don't eat.
Okay.
Um, so you're going to give me that McFlurry if I give you money?
The strawberry cheesecake one?
If they don't have the strawberry cheesecake one, you can get me an Oreo one.
Teehee.
Boom shakalaka.
Thank you, Bradley.
You're my friend.
Yes, thank you.
Okay, hi.
See?
We already got a vote.
We got a vote for double quarter pounder with cheese meal.
That's a royal with cheese.
Is everybody leaving?
Hi.
Oh.
What are you getting frustrated about?
I'm missing step files and my programs just disappeared out of my taskbar.
Dammit!
Irene, are you guys going to do Orange Crush tonight?
Okay, that's something to look forward to in the next hour or so.
You want to do a list list tonight?
We haven't done one in forever.
We haven't done one in forever.
Let's do a list list when we get back, since there will only be four of us here, right?
I'm taking a nap.
What list list topic?
I'll think of one.
I will solicit ideas from the chat room.
We have no idea what to do on list list tonight.
Top of cool anime in the world.
I'd have to research that.
Top of cool anime.
Haven't we done best anime before?
No, we never have.
How about Worst Bemani Game?
There's probably not enough.
We could do Worst Video Game.
Did we do Worst Video Game?
Yes.
Let's see.
No, but I'm not getting suggestions for a listless segment.
Well anticipated video game from E3, like it didn't.
No.
G4 can kiss my balls, because I was watching this show on there, but Rob, you might get
SARS.
I know, I might.
I was watching this show on there today.
What was that, the 10 play or something like that?
Which one?
The 10 play.
What was that show?
The 10 spot?
10 play?
Yeah, 10 play.
I think that's what it was called or something like that, where it's a top 10 show.
And they were doing top 10 most like changing video games of all time, like video games
that changed the scene of all time, arcade games that changed the scene of all time.
What?
Why is Pikachu humping Friendship Bear's arm?
I don't know.
Anyway, so they were doing like the top 10 games that changed arcades, and number one
of course was Pac-Man.
Number 10, this was cool, was Final Furlong.
But number 8 was Dance Dance Revolution.
Oh yay.
Fucking G4TV, when they were talking about Dance Dance Revolution, guess what they showed a picture of?
What?
3D, uh, uh, Easy to Dancer.
Easy to Dancer.
What stupid fucks they are.
They're stupid British.
Um, but actually they, they had actually rounded up, um, they called, no, they said number whatever it was was Dance Dance Revolution, but they were actually talking about all the Bomani games, which is even worse.
Anyway.
This one's loud.
Okay, here's some suggestions from the chat room for tonight's list list.
Best Taka song?
No.
List of best ideas for a reality show?
No.
Worst Naoki song?
No.
Most influential video games?
No.
What's the idea?
Worst Pokemon?
No, that's retarded.
Top of cool game shows hosted by Dick Clark?
Yes.
There's only two in like three that I can think of.
We need to do top game shows.
Alright, fine. Top game shows.
Okay, agreed. We've never done that, have we? No. Okay, fine. Top game shows it is.
Best freaking game show is the topic for tonight, so we will get to that after this quick break.
Featuring songs from...
Well, let's see, we've done... Eurobeat! Eurobeat! There's no one here to vote on anything.
They'll be here. The chat room votes. Eurobeat.
Yeah, they're gonna be, that's true, maybe we need to post Homeless List for a little bit.
Play Drivin'.
What?
Play Drivin'.
Eurobeat?
What's Drivin' from?
Play Drivin'.
8 style?
No.
Drivin'.
From 8 style, right?
Yes.
It's not Drivin', it's Drivin'.
As in Drivin' in the car.
It's a Naoki song.
Alright, so we've done 7 style songs, 9 style songs, I guess we'll do 8 style songs now.
So, we're going to do drive it if I have it.
I don't know if I have it.
I do. I swear I do somewhere.
Oh, I got it.
I got it.
I got it.
Nah, nah, nah.
Okay. So, we're going to take a quick break with some eight-style songs.
When we come back, we'll have Orange Crush.
We'll do Listless at some point when the others get back
and our general clusterfuck of random topics.
If you want to join our chat room, head on over to www.kaliipimani.com.
Click on orange lounge and then click on chat and this break you're gonna hear driving you're gonna hear v35 because that's my favorite
What do you what a stuff on you in here? Look you
I don't care, then you get Dancer, because Dancer owns you, so we'll be back with an
He'll know what I'm talking about, with 100k.
again
baby you're so real, baby for sure
i know we can't go home
we're driving in your car
we have never gone this far
now's the time to come for us
spend the night together now
driving in your car
you can get into my heart
Let's say no, and we'll play tonight together
We'll play tonight together
It's rising in your heart
Who knew we would come this far?
I can't wait for us to spend
The whole night together now
It's rising in your soul
And they can't give up so far
I love you and you, I can't
I'll always be forever more
I know this is it, but I can't admit It's all in my past
So I can't ignore the fact No more your memory will last
Deep within my mind I will always find emotions still remain
Hold my heart still yet, set the fire still, but I can't put out the pain
I would never have assumed you'd need me without mental wounds
You know the reason why I can't forgive everybody
You have left me not for life, just for what you've got, like a knife
I can forgive and forget
Forgive and forget
You've only got yourself a hand
Please listen to Orange Lounge Radio, because real radio makes Captain Jack cry.
Go!
Let's go right, go figure, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go!
Woohoo!
Woohoo!
Hello, boys and girls.
Hi, Lucy!
Target and we're right on the other side of the prison, so if there's ever a prison break-
Next week, Storm's Lands will be hosted from my house.
And all future weeks.
It's fine.
Oh, they're saying in the chat room that the ferret, or now it's the coyote or whatever
that thing is-
Yeah, I like talking to the coyote.
It sounds like one of the animals from Happy Tree Friends.
And then they say it sounds like Menchie.
Menchie flavor, mmm.
So, wow, it's just the three of us here now, the three hosts, it's weird.
You should have been here this week.
Maren should have been here this week.
Less crowded, less chances to get claustrophobia.
Or catch SARS.
Or catch SARS, yeah, because I still have it. Remember brain tumor, SARS, all at the same time?
Yeah, it's awful.
So is there, do we want to talk shit about any of the other people that are on this show
usually?
Well, you know what?
That, that Brad.
Oh, that Brad.
Congesting the server all by himself that I don't even play on.
Man, he's so skinny.
Yeah, what's up with that?
And that Ice Queen, what a fag.
And Rice Princess?
I haven't seen her eat rice in a year.
How dare she call herself that?
That reminds me, I have to use the rice cooker.
You know what?
I dare the shit and it's time to flush.
What was that laugh?
I hate being sick.
This is giving us SARS again.
Every time I laugh I cough.
I'm going to beat that thing senseless.
Give it to me.
I know, I thought of a fun thing we could do, since we were kind of making fun of G4
before the break, I thought maybe we could take a look at the list, and this can be like
an ongoing thing, because there's a lot to talk about here.
We could talk about G4's list that they got together with the Entertainment Weekly.
I'll just shut up and let that thing talk.
Okay.
Okay.
Huh.
I had to do the elementary school trick to make it work.
Don't do it!
Yeah, I gotta take that thing away.
You see this? It's mine now.
This is mine now.
Alright.
It's an ass for the bad touch.
They have an ass shot for the bad touch, that's sweet.
Is that the official background?
Yes it is.
Do they have the background for it can't get you out of my head?
I'm just curious what it looks like.
We are going to talk about G4's list of the 100 greatest games of all time that they got
together with Entertainment Wheelie and we are going to make fun of it.
Oh, you are going to go blow your nose.
First off, if you happen to be watching G4 any time of the day, no matter what day, you
you're gonna catch this god damn show because they play it
all the time
all the time
so now we're gonna talk about the one hundred greatest video games of all time
according to a bunch of schmoes
DDR is on the list I might add
DDR is on the list so if you don't know where it clocks in
uh... listen to us we'll tell you where it clocks in
here we go
And you're sitting on it, don't you feel special?
Okay, so let's get everybody's thoughts and opinions on the top 100 games here.
100 on their list.
Missile Command.
Yay.
Missile Command was cool.
Yay.
It was like the Atari 2600.
I have that on the 2600, 5200, a bunch of other things, and television.
Wasn't that one of the ones they updated, like, way later?
Yeah, there's Missile Command 2000, I think.
Yeah.
Number 99, XCOM UFO Defense.
Um, whatever that was.
And that was that game it was by microprose and you had the aliens that were it was like an alien strategy game basically
Say moving on all right number 98 Frogger a
Konami game yes, yeah, it always makes me think of that episode of Seinfeld
I'm not even that big a fan of Seinfeld, but I will never forget that episode of Seinfeld with the Frogger
It's the greatest. I've only seen one episode of Seinfeld and it was the last one
They know why I went because it was at the red lion convention center by the mall and they gave out free food
That's so ghetto fabulous I
The only other episode I remembered three episodes of Seinfeld I remembered the grottiest one I
got my his
remember the Frogger one I
remember the
Masturbation one where they make the contest about who can go along to stop masturbating and then I remember the one
Number one, where they go to a Chinese restaurant and they dare Elaine to steal an egg roll.
Anyway, yeah.
I don't remember the one where they all died.
Oh wait, I dreamed that.
Number 97, Secret of Mana.
Why so low on the list?
It needs to be higher, my god.
I know.
Fuck that.
At least it wasn't Secret of Embermoor.
Hey, yeah!
Question!
Keep going.
Now, what do you think about second sense 2-3?
Why didn't they ever release that here?
They're going to.
Are they?
When?
After they released the first Seiken Densetsu which was released as Final Fantasy Adventure.
Is that what that Sword of Mana is that they're doing?
Sword of Mana is just Seiken Densetsu 3?
First one.
It's the first Seiken Densetsu.
Really?
Which was Final Fantasy Adventure when they first released it on the Game Boy.
I'll be damned.
And then we're supposed to be getting Legend of Mana and I've been hearing the rumor that
we're supposed to be getting Seiken 3.
We better.
It would make me happy.
We better.
That would make me as happy as a little girl.
Number 96 on their list, M-U-L-E, which is a game a lot of people probably don't remember,
but if you did ever play it, this game was a shit.
It was one of the first, like, multiplayer games that, um, it was just downright innovative
for its time, so it's well-deserved to mention on the list.
You said downright.
Number 95, Golden Axe 2.
You know what's funny?
Golden Axe the Duel was the first game I played on the Saturn and it wasn't important.
You know what I remember about Golden Axe was the ending where like it showed the people
in the arcade and the heroes jumped out of the screen and trampled all the people in
the arcade?
That was great.
That was the best part about Golden Axe was the ending.
Number 94 is a game I've never fucking heard of.
IL-2 Stromovik
93, Joust
ha
Joust is like one of the games I play on Ultra-Cade all the time
You know what? They had the Nintendo version which was Balloon Fight
Remember Balloon Fight?
No. We who play Animal Crossing should have Balloon Fight. Yes, I know Balloon Fight.
I'm just being difficult.
92, Super Star Wars
You ever play it?
It's okay. I don't think it should be on the top 100 videos of all time.
Super Star Wars is great because of the debug mode. You could, like, skip levels.
I didn't know there was a debug mode.
There is, for all three of the Star Wars games on the Super Nintendo.
Well, I'll be damned.
I'll have to bring over my SNES one day.
Why?
So you can play all the games.
Can we play Act Racer?
Yeah, I have it.
Because Act Racer is, like, my favorite Super Nintendo game ever.
Go to 4.
I don't know what's on this list. I don't even know.
Keep going.
Spy Hunter!
You know they're gonna make a movie out of Spy Hunter?
That'd be kinda cool.
Yes, Loki. And guess who's in it?
Who?
The Rock!
No shit.
God. It's gonna be awful.
Well, I wish we could, like, spray oil and click on his limousine.
Did you ever play Spy Hunter, though, that was on the, um, PS2?
That was pretty rad.
No, I never did.
It was pretty cool.
Uh, 90.
3. Crash Bandicoot 3 Warped. Gag! I hate Crash Bandicoot, it looks retarded. I don't know
if that's the Crash Bandicoot game I would have put it in. I feel really ripped because
I bought, what was that game? It's Crash Bandicoot, it's like Crash Bandicoot's answer to Mario
Party. What was it called? Crash Party? Crash Party. It's awful. I wish I would have just
bought Mario Party. I wanted the Sonic Party. Huh? I wanted the Sonic Party game. I have
It's okay.
I couldn't figure it out, but I'm lazy.
I have no attentions now whatsoever.
89, Castle Wolfenstein.
Yeah.
Now, is that referring to the original on the Apple IIe?
I think not.
Is it referring to the original?
I watched this stupid thing.
It's the original one they're talking about, not Wolfenstein 3D.
Alright, fine.
We have to give a nod to the original.
I wouldn't put the original Wolfenstein above, like, M-U-L-E, but whatever.
It was all about playing Doom and going to the Wolfenstein level by warping there.
Sheesh.
Uh, number 88, FIFA Soccer 2003.
Whatever.
Whatever.
We don't talk about sports on this show.
87 was Battlezone.
Battlezone was cool.
Remember the tank?
You don't remember Battlezone?
I didn't play Battlezone.
It was a vector game and you were in the tank?
Was it on the Vectrex?
I think it might have been.
It was Atari's game.
You know we've been looking for a Vectrex.
Really?
Yeah.
I wouldn't doubt it.
Uh, 86.
Oh, it smells like fabric softener.
Oh, no wonder.
And thank God this game made the list.
86 was Super Puzzle Fighter 2 Turbo.
Amen.
This must have, no that was Gem Fighter.
Did they have, not Gem, but Pocket Fighter, they have a second one out now.
When are they going to release a new version of Puzzle Fighter?
That's the game they need to take online.
Forget DDR.
You know what's awesome?
puzzle fighter the one that's on the Dreamcast that was awesome because
there's like a columns mode in it as well as another type of mode in there
it's just like three different modes XYZ mode as well plus it had those
Sakura vocal song in there 85 Prince of Persia I know Prince of Persia was so
like overrated. You had to ask all over your old gaming magazines to this day. Oh my god and how many freaking
Game systems?
Was that game on?
All of them.
All of them.
You could not, if you owned a game system of anything you could get Prince of Persia.
Uh, 84 was Asteroids.
Yeah.
Next.
83.
Daytona USA.
Daytona.
I never even played that.
What do you love about Daytona, Logie?
It's fun and a lot of the arcades, especially the ones like in Reno and stuff, they've got
like 16 machines hooked together, so it's like one hell of a race, and normally they're
like huge lap settings, so you're like racing about 12 people and stuff.
I have nightmares though about that game for one reason. I worked in an arcade where they
never turned off the attract for that game. I'm like, oh god, make it stop. You know there
was actually a really funny penny arcade to that? I don't remember where exactly it was,
was one of the older ones from a couple of years ago. And I remember Gabe, but the other
guy was sitting down at the computer and Gabe walks up and goes, doo doo doo doo doo day
tone, and the other guy reaches over and grabs out his heart. He goes ahhh! Like that. Oh
my lord. Uh, 82, ghouls and ghosts. Yes! Freaking Makai Mora. 81, gauntlet. Red Valkyrie is
81, Gauntlet.
Red Valkyrie is about to die. Remember, don't shoot the hosts.
80, Silent Hill 2.
Hey, Yamaoka Music.
Right on.
How far do we want to take this list? Let's keep going. Keep going.
79, King's Quest. Next.
King's Quest was awesome. This should have been in the top ten. King's Quest was boring. I'm sorry, King's Quest should have been in the top ten.
It's one of the most innovative video games on the list.
Maniac Mansion better be on that list.
Sierra games from the 90s.
Maniac Mansion better be on that list. Next.
I don't know if it is.
It's not.
This freakin' dolts.
But if there had been no King's Quest, there would have never been a Maniac Mansion.
Um, whatever.
78, Defender.
Okay, next.
77, Saturn Bomberman.
Yes! Oh my god, yes.
I love Saturn Bomberman and I could not find a copy.
Actually, you know what was really good? The Bomberman games on the, um, on the, uh, Turbo Graphics.
Bomberman 93, Bomberman 94. Those were good.
Okay, we had a request from the chat room to just skip ahead to 50.
Okay.
You want me to read the rest of these really fast?
Yeah.
Okay, give your, Jamie, you're gonna give your one word reaction to each of these games as I name them off, okay?
Oh, God.
Here we go, super fast forward here. 75, Wave Race 64.
Next.
74, Robotron 2084.
Next.
Seventy-three, Driver.
Seventy-two, Animal Crossing.
Seventy-one. Oh, I can't wait to hear this.
Seventy-one, Bust a Move 2.
Which one?
The one that's gonna piss you off.
It's like a puzzle bobble, you bitches!
No, no. I'm almost positive. Aren't they talking about...
Oh, no, they are talking about puzzle bobble in that case.
Bitches.
But I have it on Saturn.
Loki, you saw it. Were they talking about puzzle bobble or the other one?
What? Forget it. Forget it.
They're talking about Puzzle Bubble and Busta Move.
Were they talking about Groove or what?
They're talking about Puzzle Bubble.
Bitches.
70, Homeworld.
Next.
69, Centipede.
Checkball.
68, Roller Coaster Tycoon.
Whatever.
67, Tennis 2002.
Whatever.
66, MechWarrior 2, 31st Century Combat.
Um, yeah.
65, Devil May Cry.
I'm having a fan code moment, excuse me.
64, Samurai Showdown.
Best freaking game, I have it on Neo Geo.
Awesome.
That's more than one word.
I don't care.
63, R-Type.
R-Type?
62.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
R-Type.
Fucking hard.
But Dan can beat it on one credit.
He's the man.
Yes, he is.
62, Max Payne.
Um, next.
61, Panzer II.
No, Max Payne.
Annoying as fuck because of the baby level.
Weee! Weee!
61, Panzer Dragoon Saga.
Godly.
60, Star Wars Jedi Knight Dark Forces II.
Cool, next.
59, Baldur's Gate.
58, Virtua Fighter IV.
Hey Virtua Fighter.
57, Tempest.
56, Lemmings.
Gag.
I like Lemmings, screw you.
55, Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six.
54 NBA Jam
Best basketball game ever because of the big heads and you can play as the Mortal Kombat guys on some of the machines
Yes
53 Mike Tyson's Punch Out
Uppercut, uppercut, body blow, body blow
52 Wing Commander 1 and 2
Whatever
51 Contra
50 Pitfall
I like the speed way of doing it, let's do the speed way all the way to 20
Let's do the speed thing all the way to 20, okay?
Alright.
Oh, I can't wait for this one.
49!
Pokemon!
AHHH!
48!
Chrono Trigger.
Best game.
47, Tron.
Hee!
40, I, wait!
Go back to 48!
Chrono Trigger!
Why so fucking low?
That's a-
They have fucking retards.
DOLT!
Hey, that's my word.
47, Tron.
46, Unreal.
Hey, that's not rude.
47 Tron.
Mmm.
46 Unreal.
45 Donkey Kong.
Hey!
Banana.
44 Age of Empires II, the age of kings.
Whatever.
What?
How does a game like that get above Chrono Trigger?
Because retards made this list.
God!
Oof!
And then this one.
NHL 93.
What the fuck ever.
At 43.
42 Quake II.
Hey!
Quake II has a gachapon patch to it.
41 Deus Ex.
40, Dance Dance Revolution
Why so high?
39, beating out Dance Dance Revolution, Mortal Kombat 2
Actually I like Mortal Kombat 2 because I liked playing on the beta kits
where you could do the infinite juggles and float
and start off your game against Shao Kahn
Um, where the hell was I?
I was in high school.
38, Sonic the Hedgehog.
37, SimCity.
36, Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell.
Whatever, I hate Tom Clancy games.
35, Battlefield 1942.
34, this is a good pick, Ultima IV, Quest of the Avatar.
33, Duke Nukem 3D.
Your face, your ass, what's the difference?
32, Tekken 2.
Hey, Tekken 2 had June in it. I love that game.
31, Diablo 2, 30, Mario Kart 64, 29, Medal of Honor, Allied Assault, 28, Galaga.
Hey, it's Galaga.
27, Monkey Island 2, LeChuck's Revenge.
26, Command and Conquer, Red Alert.
Whatever.
25, Star Wars X, Wing Alliance.
Neat.
24, Castlevania, Symphony of the Night.
Oh my god, yes!
That should be one.
Twenty-three, Metal Gear Solid.
Yes.
Twenty-two, Resident Evil.
Yeah.
Twenty-one, EverQuest.
Gag, gag, gag, kill it, die.
Okay, now that the others are back, we can slow this down a little bit to really rant about the top twenty.
So, I know Brad has a few things he wants to say about some of the ones he heard just coming in the door.
Brad?
What is this big thing?
This, by the way, is G4 Entertainment Weekly's list of top 100 games of all time.
Okay, I've read so many of these lists over the years, and I already know when they do these top 100 things, that they get really lazy and they kind of just...
Because you can't really concentrate on every little thing, so they just start splashing games here and there because they don't know where to put them.
My opinion about some of these games being at like 24, 25, whatever it was,
Castlevania Civilian Knight, in my opinion, should be up there in the top 5 at least, but I haven't read what their other top 19 or 18 or 20 is, so I don't know why they're thinking these other games. Do they have explanations for why these games should be in the top 20?
If you watch the show, but we're not endorsing that.
Good.
Okay. Well, as I name off these top 20...
Your solid should also be up in the top 5, but whatever.
But whatever as I name off these top 20 you can you can tell us if they were deserving Brad
You'll be the you can be the critic on if they're deserving of being in the top 20. Okay, Brad
Where'd the ice queen go?
Okay
All right, here we go, I don't need a quarter
Here we go kids number 20 super Metroid
dude, god, yeah
number 20 super Metroid, um
Definitely deserving of being in the top 20, but I don't know if it should be at the lowest of the top 20. I don't know what the other games are, so.
Excellent game, though. Definitely should be in the top 20.
19, Ms. Pac-Man.
What?
If you're talk- What?
If you're talking of all time, come on, Ms. Pac-Man of all time.
No.
Yes.
I'm sorry.
Yes.
Deserving of top 20.
is so, has so little gameplay comparing to something like Super Metroid.
It should be, it should be in the top 100, but maybe like at 99.
That's sad.
If you were ten years older you would not say that.
What the fuck? I remember when it came out. I know.
But that was the game that everybody was playing in the arcade, like now it's... It doesn't matter.
The game itself, as far as gameplay is concerned, that's the reason why we play video games, because they're fun.
And Ms. Pac-Man is not nearly as fun as something that has as much gameplay as Symphony Night or Super Metroid.
I don't care if it's, oh, it brings you back to your past or whatever. It's still not as fun.
I don't think it has anything to do with that.
If that's what it does to me, then you're playing video games for the wrong reason in my opinion.
Yeah, but do you own a magazine? I don't think so, so, huh?
And I will. And it'll be very Nazi-ish.
Um, no Ms. Pac-Man for you.
I like baby Pac-Man.
Number 18, Soul Calibur.
Yes, Soul Calibur, yes.
But you can't forget the Soul Edge.
Which is not on the list, I can tell you.
I think the reason why they would put that up there as far as...
because Soul Calibur, they're probably talking about the console version.
It kind of pushed the fighting game on the console to...
It pushed the envelope on it. It gave you a lot more extra features.
It was kind of one of the first things, the big ones, to do that.
And Soul Edge was a great game on the console, but Soul Calibur really pushed it to the limit.
One thing to consider also, when they brought out Soul Calibur on the Dreamcast,
the graphics were better than the arcade version.
Which is like, had never been done before.
Exactly, and that's probably one of the reasons why it's up there.
at least it's still caliber to make it look like a Dreamcast version.
Exactly! Matt knows what I'm talking about.
No, I think...
I want Striperella the game.
Hold on, hold on. As silly as Matt's kind of being joking, it's kind of true.
A big-breasted, like a female who kicked ass in a video game and became like an icon.
Basically like the logo for the Playstation for a while was Lara Croft.
I mean, I hate the game, but it did do something huge to...
And that probably sounds hypocritical because I said it like Ms. Pac-Man because it's not fun.
That was actually what I was going to say because, and I preempted it, because Ms. Pac-Man, well actually not Ms. Pac-Man so much as Pac-Man.
In the sense of Tomb Raider 2 you could blow her up and throw her off the balcony and make her break her neck.
Here's another thing, in Ms. Pac-Man you can't swan dive off a 30 story cliff and kill yourself, but you can do that in Tomb Raider and that's what makes Tomb Raider fun.
We get to see her with her broken neck.
Uh, moving on. 16, Halo.
I haven't played it, so I guess I'm not a true gamer. 15, and this-
Wait, Halo is freaking gorgeous, and actually, I can probably say that yeah.
They should be up there. You've played a few FPSes, I believe.
First person shooters, right?
Um, I- hold on, I need to get-
Jamie, I need to get something. I think you've played quite a few first person shooters before, right?
So you know the differences. I've never played Halo, so what's so great about Halo that makes it different than other first person shooters?
It's just really interactive, very responsive, and you've got so many different levels you can play on and you can play it in different ways.
Plus when you play multiplayer, you can play cooperatively with another person instead of having, excuse me, deathmatch and like burping up.
Anyway, but on top of that, it's really pretty, I mean really pretty, and it really shows what the Xbox can do, honestly.
And for me, even though Xbox isn't my favorite system, I'd have to say that yeah, that has to be up there.
And by the way, if Steel Battalion's not on the list, I'm going to scream.
It's not.
Okay, moving on to number 15.
And this is a game I think should be in the top three, but it's not, but whatever.
15, Civilization II.
What, um, yeah.
The greatest strategy game on the computer of all time. Period.
Get a rope?
No, Matt's saying get a rope. Um, Civilization 2 may not be my type of game, but I've seen, I like Civilization 1.
I guess I wasn't as much into strategy games as I am, like adventure stuff, but I could see how it's so good because I did like Civilization 1 for a while.
Then it started to grade on me or whatever, but, I don't know, Sid Meier, I mean, he's just, I guess he's a genius when it comes to making strategy games, simulation games and stuff, so.
I think also, Civilization can kind of be seen, this is the way I look at it, it's, um, strategy games for dummies.
It's a very accessible kind of game. Like, you don't really have to be into strategy games to play them.
Well, that's what I'm saying, Sid Meier kind of makes his games kind of user-friendly, even though they have a lot of strategy involved.
You can get into it even if you're kind of, I mean, like the Sims, it can get pretty complicated, but it's pretty actually, it shows you how to play pretty easily.
Alright, moving on.
Fourteen. Tony Hawk's pro skater.
Yeah, I'd have to say so.
Changed the face of skateboard games forever. I mean, skateboard games, whatever. I need her to die.
Skate or die should be above, hold on, hold on, hold on.
In my opinion, or 720.
Menace Beach. Menace Beach.
720. 720, hey, that's cool.
Um, no, PNC Surf Designs.
Yeah.
Um, no, but seriously, to me there basically are only two skateboard games,
Tony Hawk Bros Skater and Skater Die, so...
That goes to show you how good Tony Hawk is.
Come on, 720, what other game do you get chased by bees?
Again...
Didn't that happen in Paperboy? Shut up.
No, Paperboy's not on the list.
God, Paperboy's not on the list?
They're Crystal Castles?
No.
Marvel Madness?
Nope.
Those retards.
Okay, here we go.
13, Gran Turismo.
Oh.
Again, changed totally the course of racing games.
And all the, not just realistic driving engine, but like, such a design, you know, aspect,
like fine-tuning your cars and everything, it being like the main reason to even play
the game.
changed the direction.
But that was to mean the whole Final Fantasy series.
If they meant the whole series, if they truly meant that, that's forgivable.
But I think they said Final Fantasy VII probably because more people know about Final Fantasy VII than any other Final Fantasy, because it really changed.
One thing about Final Fantasy VII is that it brought it into, I guess, the modern age of games.
and it right and it was mostly although although I have to say though that it
was now that I've gone back to play it again I'm still hoping that they did the
rumor proves out true and that they do an updated version because it would
really benefit from it sorry we can't hear ice cream because he has no mic um
What were you saying Matt?
What I was saying for anybody that cares was that Final Fantasy 7 was really, really good
just because of the fact that it revolutionized the eye candy for Final Fantasy.
It was the first eye candy.
It doesn't look very good now, but for its time it looked really, really good.
And it had really good backgrounds, yeah.
The thing that the people that are like kind of like gaming purists or Final Fantasy 6 purists or whatever would say is that that's a bad thing that revolutionized the eye candy thing because Squaresoft for a while started going only for the cinematics and the eye candy for a while and they just forgot about gameplay when it comes to like Final Fantasy 8.
That's my opinion.
Exactly.
Jamie says 10 was good.
I think they kind of went back to mixing the gameplay with the cinematics.
There was something I was going to say.
Do you want me to, can I elaborate on the Final Fantasy VII Remake thing?
Keep going, yeah.
Okay. Jamie was saying she really hopes the rumor about Final Fantasy VII Remake on PS2 is true.
They did an interview with, well actually Squaresoft posted something to the users about it.
We've started to make sequels to Final Fantasies with Final Fantasy X-2 coming out.
Which other games would you like there to be a sequel to?
Overwhelmingly, people said Final Fantasy VII.
Squaresoft rebutled by saying,
we don't have the time or effort to remake the engine for Final Fantasy VII.
Of course, everybody said, use X2's engine. We use whatever.
Now, so, if that's true, that they don't have the time, money, or effort to make it,
they're not going to be able to remake Final Fantasy VII.
But there was a rumor, and it was confirmed that eventually they were going to remake Final Fantasy VII.
So, I don't know.
Squaresoft's got their head up their asses now, so who knows?
Alright. Moving on to the list. I'll just say it, number 11 is GoldenEye 007.
That game was actually pretty good, but that game actually did make me throw up.
I don't care if it's the best Nintendo 64 game ever made, it's undeserving of being in the top 20 in my opinion.
The way it got up there is because if it wasn't for that game, Halo wouldn't be around, because it did make first person shooters on the console a popular thing.
Especially multiplayer first person shooters on the console.
That's because there was nothing else on the console.
No, before all there was, you had to have a computer and a LAN, you know, to play multiplayer shooters.
And then all of a sudden here comes Nintendo 64 with their only good game besides Zelda.
What about Faceball 2000?
Faceball?
That was all I wanted to know.
Yeah, but it was a multiplayer game.
Have a nice day.
Sadly enough, I played through the whole game of it.
I weep for you.
Speaking of, you know what I wish they had done?
I wish that they had actually done the Satellaview games in the States.
The Satellaview games.
If you look on the bottom of your screen for Nintendo, there's this thing that will pull out.
out that's where a modem was supposed to go why isn't north and south on that list
yes they should have done the modem thing because they had the best version of zelda of
zelda on that all right moving on i'm going to try to kind of jam through this list because we have
we have some other segments left we got to do um number 10 was street fighter 2 yes next brad
Hey, Street Fighter II started my first fangirl crush, other than Jed Nelson.
It was Ryu. Hello.
Street Fighter II is what got me into arcades.
Okay, Street Fighter II is a great game. I love it, I always will.
But it kinda is, to me, kinda like the Ms. Pac-Man thing I said.
It started a new type of game.
A lot of people say that Street Fighter II is the, I guess you'd say the pong of our generation.
The pong?
Pong, not bong.
Because it really got our generation into the arcades.
But the fighting genre has been changed so much over the years and in good ways.
There's so many better fighting games in Street Fighter II.
But it is deserving of being on that list.
It's one of those things where it's kind of more of a nod to the genre, like Ms. Pac-Man was, like there would be no maze game without, but in that case they should have put Pac-Man, not Ms. Pac-Man, but whatever.
Yeah, so I agree that it should be at the, near the top of the list, but...
Oh! Loki thinks, Loki thinks they put Ms. Pac-Man on the list because it got girls to play games.
Well that's what they said in the goddamn show!
Whatever.
Well, the whole thing about Street Fighter 2 is that it was so widely popular that it
really blew the doors open, and the thing is, when I actually bought my own Super Nintendo,
the first game I got was Super Street Fighter 2 Turbo.
That was my game.
And I was such a Ryu fangirl, and I still am.
I used E. Honda because he was fat like me.
Okay.
Number 9.
Starcraft and Warcraft. If I have to play another RTS game, I will put a gun to my head
and pull the trigger. I don't like real time strategy games. And they did not, how could
you say Starcraft and Warcraft? I think they should be in the top 20 but not above Civilization.
Oh hell no. Dude, fucking Red Alert, that game rocks. I love Command and Conquer. No,
Command & Conquer Ghost will be a lot better, but that's a first-person shooting, so moving on.
The only red alert that's cool is the transformer.
Number eight.
Another series, Super Mario 64.
That was actually very fun. Dan and I, when I first moved in with Dan, we would just spend hours all night playing Mario 64.
Like trying to do the special jump to get to the roof.
I agree with definitely with putting Mario in the top ten. I actually think it ought to be higher, but I don't agree with the game they highlighted.
And it started up Mario Sunshine. We wouldn't have Mario Sunshine without it.
I agree, but I think Mario Brothers 3 is the one they should have kind of picked to lead the pack. I think that was the best Mario game they made.
See, I feel like Mario World better than Mario 3.
Hold on, hold on, hold on, yes, Matt's saying Super Mario 64 and Sunshine are different.
Okay, here's why Jamie made the comparison.
Because Super Mario, as in Super Mario on Nintendo, is an original platform side-scorer game.
Whereas Mario 64 is a 3D platformer and it plays differently.
The idea is similar, but it plays completely differently because it's in a 3D realm.
And because of Mario 64 we have games like, uh, Monkey...
What's it called? That PlayStation game? Super Monkey Ball?
Ape Escape.
Oh.
Ape Escape. Another 3D platformer game. It's like Jak and Daxter, I think.
And, like, these games that are pretty popular, I hear.
Spyro.
Spyro. I didn't really like Spyro, but it is popular.
You know, everyone always forgets about what Mario is missing.
Because that game is so fast!
Do you know what that is?
Do you know what that is?
It's Nintendo's version of Where in the World is Carmen Sandiego
and it's a bad interpretation of it.
Alright, we gotta move on with this list.
I hate to say it, but if we don't get through this list
we're not going to be able to get the FUs of the week.
Oh my god, no way!
Okay, I know, we haven't even done the FUs of the week yet.
So, number seven.
This is, I want to see Brad's reaction to this.
Number seven, The Sims.
Number seven?
And I actually agree with this. I agree with it because it's the top selling computer game of all time.
Period. I mean, and it's accessible to everybody.
It's a video game that has no limits.
Literally. I mean, boys, girls, men, women,
children, everybody can play this game. It's very accessible and everybody has fun with it.
The only problem with The Sims is that it has no goal. There's no objective, but in a way
That's kind of the appeal of it. It kind of made way for games like Animal Crossing.
Isn't that all Sid Meier's games? They have no goal. Not even Civilization has a goal.
Sid Meier did not do the Sims, if I'm not mistaken.
Are you serious?
Let me elaborate on that. They actually, the PC versions have no goal.
No, overall your goal obviously would be no successful and whatever.
But in the console versions, they do have goal-oriented things in there.
Because, obviously, you're limited to what you can hold on the console and stuff.
Huh? Did you say my name?
Alright. Here we go.
Number 6. Half-Life.
Any comments?
Okay, I played Half-Life.
Half-Life isn't that good.
Hold on, Matt's saying Half-Life isn't that good.
Half-Life kind of, it changed first person shooters.
After Half-Life, these games started coming out kind of like, I think System Shock 2 and stuff came out after Half-Life, I can't remember, somebody could probably call me on that, and they started becoming more story-oriented, you know, have to do, you had to think more instead of just straight on, you know, look and shoot, kill things, you had to kind of more think in a problem-solving way, you know? I don't know if I would put it that high on the list.
I think it's way too high on the list, especially considering the number of other FPSs they have on the list
because there's another one still on the list we haven't gotten to yet.
Number five, this is an interesting choice, but I suppose you have to have a sports game somewhere in the top ten.
Matt in 2003.
I'm sorry, super high impact football is better.
We're spending way much time on this game, go to the next one.
None of us play sports games, give me a fucking break.
Tecmo Bowl. Enough said.
No, no. Tecmo Bowl and Super High Impact.
NBA Jam, I think is the only one I ate.
NBA Jam 10 seconds earlier.
The only sports game I ever played was NFL Blitz.
Blitz was actually kind of funny.
What's that?
Blitz was kind of funny.
Wait, wait, wait. That's the only reason I played it.
Super Tennis on Super Nintendo. I did play that.
Alright, moving on. Here we go.
Uh, getting down to that wire. Number 4, Grand Theft Auto 3.
Yeah, that has to be on there. It was pretty unique.
It's again the series highlighted by one game. And Vice City is just 3's engine, isn't it?
Vice City is a little bit different. The engine, they upgraded the graphics a bit.
And they changed... I don't know, I guess it is the same engine. Maybe they just...
I don't know. Unlimited some things in the graphics.
number three Tetris I almost think I almost think it ought to be number one
I'll say it I'll say it since you know I'm gonna leave now goodbye so weird
without that we wouldn't have tetranet I ran I ran something to contribute yes I
kind of think that's why mrs. pac-man was so high on the list because it has
kind of the same appeal as Tetris where you could play it over and over and over
it's different every time you know you don't have to worry about graphics or
anything like that it's something you could take with you to work and play and
you don't have to immerse yourself into a story or anything it's just pick up
and go and it's the same as Tetris you know also if I'm not mistaken out of the
hundred games on this list this is one of only two puzzle games on the whole
list, Puzzle Fighter II. But how many puzzle games did Tetris influence? Columns? What
was the one I'm thinking of? Besides Puzzle Fighter, there was... But I'm not really disappointed
with what they put as number one, so... Magical Drop. Alright. Moving on, number two, I promise
there'd be another FPS on here before we got to the end. Doom. Yes, because I would come
home from school and go back to Marcy's house and we would play Doom all night. And I think
because this game is here, Half-Life should not be on this list at all. Yeah. And I question
Halo's presence. Hold on. Half-Life puts more of a story into it and I think that's why
they put it there but that does make you question halo being there halo is the
most successful xbox game is what matt says uh matt loki matt
hold on here's the thing i see what they're doing here on this list they're
going by genre it's like they're cycling through genre games and which ones are
the best in the genre we might as well have just a top 20 games in each genre
that would have been more of a better idea but whatever
Number one, and obviously somebody can guess this because it hasn't been named yet. Let Irene.
And it is...
Drum roll, please.
A boy and his Bob!
That's my choice, but
it's The Legend of Zelda. Can you guess which game in the series they chose to highlight?
The original. No.
Link to the past. Really? Link to the past. Oh, I thought you told me the original. Nope, you lied. I just heard you tell me the original.
I totally guessed it.
And I'm okay with Tetris not being number one because Zelda's, you know, God.
Link to the Past was the best of the series.
And I agree, Link to the Past was the best of the series, period.
I think it's better than Ocarina of Time, even, and I think...
Well, I have to say Ocarina of Time...
Give Ice Queen a mic, please.
I have to say that Ocarina of Time was about equal to the Link of the Past,
but this new freaking Zelda that's out compared to these other two sucks ass.
it's good in its own way but not as a Zelda yes I did it's good in its own way
it's got a good story but you're a freaking treasure hunter the whole
freaking game you're a goddamn treasure hunter I'm sorry but that is not Zelda
you have to get all the pieces of the thing so you can get through dungeons
let's make sure we keep it spoiler free it's actually a direct sequel to
spoiler I know just just a reminder spoiler it's a direct it's a direct
sequel to Ocarina of Time.
Well, that was Mask of Majora, wasn't it? No, that's sort of the alternate universe.
Oh, and Mask of Majora is just... It was shit. It was shit.
I think I probably had the most fun playing out of all the Zeldas.
Probably playing the, uh,
oracle games on Game Boy.
No, I'm sad about the whole, you know,
the way they did this Legend of Zelda.
Imagine, you know,
Legends I'll link to the past storyline with the graphics
of Wind Waker.
That's what I was imagining that I wanted out of this game.
Well, there's still time for them to make a new one that's like that.
They were going in kind of a different direction as to the way the gameplay flows and everything in this one.
They wanted to go for more of an anime-style drama-type story.
And I really, really like this one, and it probably is my favorite of the...
It is my favorite of the 3D Zeldas, but...
Different type of game, in my opinion.
The biggest problem, and this isn't going to be a spoiler, it might be a little bit, but the biggest problem is the fact that there are so few dungeons.
That's the thing that killed this Zelda for me. There's no dungeons!
Yeah, that's great, but I spent like three hours in one of the dungeons once, so I don't care if there's four, five, six dungeons.
I mean, that was a long time to spend in one dungeon. You know what though?
In Ocarina of Time, if you don't know what you're doing, you could easily spend three or four hours in a dungeon.
and you had all of those that well yeah the water one especially but because of
that freaking tricky little I can see that a little bit because I get really
aggravated by those fucking by those fucking caves and PSO my god you spend
like five hours in those freaking caves it's like chains of scenery please Oh
fantasy star online yeah yeah I don't know all right so let's wrap up this
because we kind of did this for a long time this is interesting this is
interesting yes any yeah sure those of you us that were here for all 100
games want to say anything they think was left off should have been on there
bionic commando yes blaster master no mention of the Megaman series at all the
top 100 retarded what is that that's my only beef no Megaman's anywhere in the
top what is up with that I treasure was not on the list
chrono trigger being so low is another one of my bitches yeah that's sad um
Um, was Boinus Bomb on there?
No.
What?
Kill them now.
What about...
And we could ragdrock online, why was that not on there?
Dance X Revolution was 40.
Really? Wow.
Dance X Revolution was higher than Chrono Trigger.
That's, that is, that's a travesty. I'm never gonna watch G4.
I'm gonna bomb them.
Fantasy Star was on the list, actually. Somebody's pitching about Fantasy Star.
Fantasy Star was, uh, I might have skipped over it. It was in the beginning. Sorry kids, it was 76.
What the hell kind of crack addict loser printed up that list?
They put Chrono Trigger underneath the money?
G4 TV and Entertainment Weekly, you can address those cards.
Yeah, you people from those companies, you're losers.
You don't know what the hell you're talking about and you should try playing video games.
I know, hold on, Entertainment Weekly?
They don't even know what a video game is, so why are they doing a list like this?
Why they partner with G4?
But G4 doesn't even know what a video game is, apparently, you know?
The whole entire Puyo Puyo series.
I mean, I just didn't play Tetris on there, but Pio Pio played so differently.
I mean, I played, you know, Kirby's Avalanche, and Dr. Robotnik's Mean Bean Machine.
And where was Sonic Adventure?
Not there.
That was so different.
Sonic was lower than it should have been.
A very, very good mention.
Multiple people in the chat room were saying this, Earthbound.
Yeah.
It should have been a mention.
I can see why it would not be in the top 50 even.
Because nobody knows about it.
I disagree, it's one of the hugest cult video games out there.
But it's a cult video game.
We're obviously going for games that people know about, and I never even heard about Earthbound until I met you.
I think the fact that it's one of the biggest cult games of all time ought to put it on there.
And people will know Earthbound soon because it's coming out on Game Boy Advance.
Mother?
Alright.
huh
rule another explanation illusion of diet and i will see you know what
there
so please there
with not mention you know what
smash brothers within on their no wasn't
guardian legend
going like to get my game is not on the list
down the hill
let's let's get bank and run over g_-four we're gonna give you guys some
time to uh... form and get fifty
over the top one hundred one one
Do you want to hear my opinion about what game should have been number one?
No you don't, but I'm going to say anyway.
What?
civilian night of course.
Alright.
The Japanese version with the better voice typing.
The Saturn version.
We're running a little low on time so I'm going to kick us over to break.
Okay.
So we've done 7th style music, 8th style music, and 9th style music.
So let's do some 6th style music.
Did we ever announce the cage match winner?
No we didn't.
You want to announce the cage match winner?
Fucking Matt.
Yeah, it's Mona Lisa overdrive again. Hooray.
Yeah, but you can't win again.
First time a song has been in for four weeks.
By the way, another landslide vote for that one.
So, good job for Mona Lisa Overdrive.
Alright, so Mona Lisa Overdrive wins.
Okay, so we're going to do some six-style songs.
And when we come back, Jamie, is there a six-style song you want to hear?
So we're out of my mind, right?
Sure.
OK.
It's depressing.
It's goth.
And we're just going to do two six style songs.
We need to come back and do the FUs of the week because we
haven't done those yet.
Surprise, surprise.
So hurry up and send those to me over private message in
the chat room.
My name is Sky.
We've got to keep it short this week.
Please keep your FUs of the week short, chat room.
All right, we'll be back in a little bit.
Come walk inside of me, trapped in a ocean
Where am I going to?
I need to leave, I need to let go
Of all the friends and thoughts inside my mind
From all the changes I've
How could I find my way to you?
So give me a chance to know
I've seen you reaching for my hand
Follow the leading secrets of my heart
Oh, it's me, DJ, everywhere on my mind
Now I'm the giant
How could I find my way to you?
You can't remember me
You can't remember my love
Orange Lounge Radio, we put your thing down, flip it and reverse it.
It's time to start the FUs of the Week!
Ooh! Every time I listen to this, I still get, like, happy.
Um, if I could at least go to an idiot driver, she'd nearly run over me.
Go to the entire parking lot at Arden Fair Mall, because I nearly got hit a bunch of times.
And then, you know, it also goes toward, you know, just being nervous in general.
And then it goes toward being exhausted and not being able to sleep.
And then it goes toward the person on Ragnarok Online who kept casting the ice spell and blocking all the paths and lagging me.
So, other than that I'm not really all that anxious to you.
I'm very happy because I'm going to have a new live journal.
A pretty new live journal layout.
It is very pretty, I've seen it.
And it's very transformery.
And I know another one.
Another Fuck You goes toward all of those dubbed Headmasters episodes.
When I'm trying to find Japanese episodes, or, you know, raw ones, or ones that are subtitled,
instead I'm finding either the crappy three episodes they did in the States, which I already own,
or, like, those bad dubs that they did. Horrible dubs of Headmasters.
Jap- It's Transformers.
Boo.
So that pisses me off.
And another one goes toward me not being able to find another hot rod so I can have it at work.
And that's it.
Alright.
Looooookey.
Okay, um...
FU2, uh...
Oh, what was it? Only had two. Oh yeah.
Um, FU2 is a stupid bitch that sent me my records.
First off, Culture Club, I'm sorry it doesn't work in two halves. Not at all.
So, um, you don't know how to pack shit at all.
So I emailed her back because my records came all broken.
It's like, oh, I guess I should have done something other than just pat them in bubble wrap and write fragile.
So I can't get my money back from her, but I'm going to give her one hell of negative feedback on eBay.
But yeah, that wasted $15, plus the fact that I was overdrawn twice, so my bank charged me $60 for those records.
So I was at a loss of $75 total for $15 for the record.
Yeah, at least my Eggy Murphy record works. I had to bend it back.
Yeah, so that's the one I wanted anyways.
And then finally, in world news, Fv2's a dumb, I don't know what nationality you are, but Middle Eastern bitch that's bitchy in Florida.
about the fact that you have to remove your veil to take a driver's license photo.
Listen bitch, you look like a fucking ninja.
You need to like take the damn veil off or just quit driving.
I better get.
Why don't you just support your ass over to, you know, the Middle East where you belong.
So, uh, yeah, I'm sorry.
I don't, I want to sound like some kind of like fascist or American or something,
but if you're going to live in our country, you kind of have to follow our rules and laws.
And that is a law.
You have to take your hat off to take a driver's license.
If you don't, you don't get to drive in the country, and that's, that's the way it is, I'm sorry.
She looks like frickin', um, what's it, that stupid floating wizard guy from, um, Orko. She looks like Orko, okay?
I, I, I just have, um, three words, four words, separation of church and state.
I'm done. That's all I had. I'm not that anxious because of the lyrics.
I'll fuck you by the lyrics. I don't know what you meant by that, but okay.
My F.U. of the week goes to my SARS, my never-ending case of SARS, and my brain tumor.
Fuck you, Irene. My other F.U. goes to Irene.
And my next F.U. goes to the fact that I had, what, something like five, six drinks, and I was drunk for maybe, like, two minutes.
At the most. Sucked.
It may have seemed like two minutes to you, but I remember you and, like, Matt and Irene frickin' jumpin' around, being all silly.
I was probably more like an hour. Yeah, Irene, like, tripped. She said she tripped, but it looks to me like she just did a Superman fly dive thing towards the emergency exit. It was really interesting.
Alright, let's move on to other folks in the room, FUs of the Week.
Uh, Brad?
FU goes to this segment because I really don't like it.
Uh, Irene?
FUs of the Week.
Brad, come on.
My FUs two weird toe guys that are like freaking scary that come to help you at like 3 o'clock in the morning and just say yeah doesn't anybody ever sleep in this chair out and fuck you dude.
That's part of my idea I forgot about. I was driving home after dropping a rob and a madoff at rob's place.
I was driving around and my tire went flat and my CD half shaft in the front right of my car blew out.
So that's a couple hundred dollars of work I've got to do on my car.
Fuck you do automobiles. Shitty ones made in America or Japan or Korea or German or whatever. I don't care.
Yugoslavia it doesn't matter all cars stuck in some way or another came he has another one play my music
There okay, I can't hear it, but anyway um
My allergies fuck them because now my chest hurts
and I feel like I have SARS and I actually feel sick is the thing I feel sick and
Like and like fuck it not having access to my PTO until another two months
because I would so just stay home and like cough up all my lungs and then feel
better my insurance kicks in today okay that it yeah yeah look at that ice queen
anything first like you goes to you for not getting my name right bit ever ice
princess don't be very much come on the ice princess and I'm only an instant
But when I have alcohol so there and yeah, if I see my allergies to and the fact that Claritin is like freaking $12 for 10 pills
It works really well, but it's $12 for 10 tablets
It's overpriced. It works. Well, it's overpriced and it makes me really dehydrated
Yeah
But other than that my only fuck you goes to those people who say that you have to have a job to be happy
Because I don't have a job right now and I'm really really happy. I like it
Well, yeah, but that's not going to be an issue for much longer.
I have a pseudo job.
I can work when I want, however many times I want, doing whatever I want, and it pays
pretty well, so yeah.
He's a whore.
That's right.
All right.
Let's move on to the chat room FUs.
Leadfoot would like to say FU to G4 in their list.
Me love you long time.
StaplerX would like to say an FU to not having cash for Ragnarok Online and one for his friend, FU to G4 for that god-awful list.
ryc3 would like to say FU to G4. I love Mega Man series and it should have been in the top 100.
FU to all the net splits and the IRC servers happening today.
Black Lab would like to give these following FUs.
Fuck the legend, I'm sick of that song.
Fuck that list for not including marathon or escape velocity.
Both revolutionary Mac games, oh my god what the fuck.
Mac doesn't exist.
Three, fuck finals.
Four, fuck running out of meal swipes two weeks before the end of the year.
I have to live off Easy Mac until next Friday.
What about ramen?
23rd magus f u having to do 3 term papers over the weekend because the syllabus for
that class was lost as I type this I'm printing out the very last one f u to having nothing
at school for next week but sit and wait for graduation f u to school in general after
12 years they're letting me out on parole and f u to g4
StarTetsuyo would like to say F you to Sky for getting me re-addicted to NES emulators.
You're welcome.
Theazhp would like to say F you to...
StarFox was not on the list.
It was not. You're correct.
Damn them. Okay, sorry.
God, F G4.
F you to UPS4 losing DCB's PS2 and F you to G4 or whatever for not putting Tetris Attack on the list.
Yeah, Tetris might have counted Tetris Attack. We'll never know.
Uh, VX JasonXV would like to say a big F U to bandwidth whores.
Me too.
No, you're just a whore in general.
Irene was talking about you, Ralph.
Shut up.
Angel would like to give an F U to obnoxious, egotistical, seniority-slinging co-workers who get paid for nothing else than to boss people around and make them feel like shit.
Yeah, management.
There's not question mark on the typo, oops.
Quick your job, it feels really, really, really good. I promise.
Now you're out of money.
Justin would like to say F you to myself because I got into Ragnarok just as the servers came back, but I DC'd and tried to reconnect and it didn't let me.
Oh well, I will have it by Wednesday. I will be there soon, Jamie.
And Skye, play this song. The window. People need to be scared. I have no time.
Also, F you to me puking nine times on Wednesday. F you to my sickness.
You have SARS. Haha.
That's it for the FUs! Yay!
Once again, and you only have three hours left, you will go instantly, right now, not waiting one second, and go vote for The Legend of Trance on BomaniStyle, and you will vote a ten, and you will like it. That is all.
And that would be the remix contest. Yes, you want them to vote The Legend of Trance and Dark Black Forest, both tens.
That is correct.
Where are you?
Yeah, what are you ranked right now?
I think I'm like fifth.
Unacceptable!
I still get a CD.
Also other things that you can do you can vote our station of five in your life 365 player window because we love the ratings
and you can also
Whore out our listening hours by listening to us all day long
Okay, all right, so let's do the orange crush thingy, all right, we're gonna do orange crush
Hey, let me go first so I can go the bathroom. Are you ready for orange crush? Irene? Okay, here we go. I'm very ready
Now, it's time for Orange Crush. It's time to ask questions during Orange Crush. Yay!
I love the theme song. It's cool. Okay. Everyone's leaving. Everyone's leaving. I don't want
to do Orange Crush. It sucks. Wait, where's? Hello? We need contestants. Yeah, he's back,
he's back. Okay, here it is. Okay, so the theme of this one is foreplay. And these are
Irene's favorite.
Yeah, these are questions about Osamu Kubota.
Alright.
Yeah, and then Matt's like, oh fuck, I'm screwed.
But um, okay.
So, does anyone have a timer for 30 seconds?
I do.
I'll time it.
Okay, super.
Here we go.
Okay, so we'll, huh?
Yeah, turn it down.
Yeah.
Oh, here, I'll turn it down.
Yeah.
Turn it down.
Okay, so.
No, you're fine.
We're fine.
I just turned out the in-studio sound completely.
Okay.
Okay.
Here, I'll give a mic to Matt.
Here we go.
Okay, in three, two, one.
ready? What year was Osamu Kaboda born? I don't care. What's his blood type? A positive.
What taxon was Osamu Kaboda consulted on? What are his two main hobbies? Playing games
and I'm killing people I don't know okay oh you got none up okay yeah that's
right okay all right so how many did how many did Matt get yeah none of them
right Oh Matt got none of them right okay so yeah then we're ready we're
ready to bring in Jamie yeah but she's going potty right now I think that's a
Let's do some more Orange Crush, it's time to crush the Orange Crush, we're in an intermission
Let me ask, do people like Orange Crush?
Is this going to be a regular segment?
Are the people in the chat room digging it?
Because I've got a lot of material.
I think they like it.
They like you, Irene.
They really like you.
Aww.
Thanks.
You love me.
You really love me.
Can I hand the mic over to Brad?
Okay, hold on.
He has an idea and I'm scared.
It looks like with the nature of these questions and stuff, and obviously the lack of knowledge
that our contestants have on these questions, we might should be able to change the length
of the time, or whatever, to 45 seconds, because, eh.
But not now.
That's a good suggestion for the future.
Not now.
Yeah.
That's production notes, but I'm allowed to give that out since we're sitting here waiting
forever.
Yeah.
And you know, what else am I thinking in regards to Orange Crash?
I want to do Orange Jeopardy one week on the show.
If you thought that G4 thing took forever on the show, I want to do Orange Jeopardy.
Can I give a hint about another Orange Crush?
Another thing I don't like about it, it's like you're giving specific categories about
like certain people and stuff that have no friggin' clue about what the hell's going
on.
It needs to be multiple-
Hold on, hold on.
Multiple choice?
No, it needs to either be multiple choice or it needs to be like something else.
That's a good idea.
Maybe we should try multiple choice sometime.
Because I don't-
But the reason why-
I don't know nor care.
Here's the thing, Matt, Matt.
We understand that people aren't going to know a lot of the answers to these questions.
That's kind of why we're doing it, because it's kind of like a knowledge thing.
We're teaching people out there who might want to watch.
Some people are fanatics about some of the artists, and so they like to know, and they
like to hear these things, like birth dates of the artists.
I think.
Okay, time to go.
All right, here we go.
Are you going to fill Jamie in on what tonight?
Oh, hi.
Fill me what?
Fill Jamie up.
Okay.
Okay, the theme of tonight, Jamie, is called foreplay, and these are questions about Osama
Koboda. Whichever his website. You did? Then you should know. I'll probably get them wrong
because I don't remember. It's okay. So do you have the time set? Yes. Okay. Three, two,
one, go. What year was he born? Seventy-four. What's his blood type? A. Okay. What tax song
type? A. What tax song was Osamu Kaboda consulted on? Era. What's his two main hobbies? French
and music. What is the name of his production house? I don't remember. Ok, that's all of
them. Kaboda productions? No, both of you got none of them right. Ok, yeah. He was back
1965. Okay. Yeah. He was born in 1965. I'll relay. I'll relay. You ask the questions.
I'll relay the answers. Okay. What's his blood type? I'm going to say O. No, it's A.B.
I almost said A.B. Yeah. You were close. Okay. But it's A.B. Yeah. Okay. What tack song was
Osamu Okubota consulted on? I know this one. Still My Words. Yeah. He did the piano part
for still my words. What are his two main hobbies? Cooking and traveling, right? That's
correct. What is the name of his... Here's Men and Women, Matt. That's his two hobbies.
Maybe. I mean, if you take a look at him, he's kind of a mixture of the two. Yeah, okay.
And what is the name of his production house? This is really interesting. This is very interesting,
Hey guys, listen. Rob?
Okay.
What is the name of his production house?
Good Cool.
Yeah, that's the name of his production house.
Now, think about that for a second.
Now we know who Good Cool is.
Well, maybe. It's kind of interesting to me.
And I've heard rumors something about Tack having something to do with Good Cool.
Yeah, well they're really good friends.
But I mean, if you think about it, I can kind of see some similarities to the style of music.
I mean, it's a different style of music that Good Cool puts out, but the sounds...
Yeah.
Uh, Selma and Kubota performed era with Tack?
Oh.
That's right.
Jamie played, like, I remember, it was way, oh my god, it was many episodes ago, but you
brought...
Tack and Kubota Live.
Yeah, it was Tack and Kubota Live.
Hm.
That's cool.
That's cool.
Yeah.
Anyway.
But yeah, so, yeah.
There you go.
I was gonna ask how tall he was, but that's kind of a boring question, but he's 5'8".
He's Japanese, let me short.
I'm almost the same.
more interesting than the blood type question but you know well okay what's
that yeah he is fluent in French and English yeah but the blood typing is
that's a common thing like a Japanese thing Japanese really care about I know
I know so that's an interesting fact I mean that's something that is not going
to be on everyone else's yeah when you go to Japan you don't ask girls what
you're with your sign you say what's your blood type oh and who signs Gemini
because he was born in June. Yeah, anyway.
Mmm, tasty.
That's it with your blood type. Mmm, tasty.
Well you know, I was born in June and I'm a cancer.
Yeah, well you are a cancer.
I'm a cancer on society.
Yes, exactly. So that concludes another episode of Orange Crush.
This is the end of Orange Crush.
We need to like make a real song for it or something.
One of these days.
One of these days.
I love your version, Rob.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I appreciate that.
You're welcome.
So now we have a little time to kill.
Shit, we could have done listless.
Actually, no, because we would have had to rush through it.
So we're kind of stuck with a little bit of time here.
We're stuck with Rob.
Can you talk about something we talked about?
I can talk about something about that list of, or we were talking about what game people
would like to see a sequel to, a Final Fantasy game.
I was thinking about this while I was having a cigarette.
Matt says Final Fantasy 3, I'm going to go around and see who thinks
what should be done.
So Rob, what Final Fantasy, and this could be any game with the name Final Fantasy in it,
do you think should be a sequel, have a sequel done?
I'm tempted to say 8, so they can do it right.
Lookin' good, fuck you.
Uh, but honestly, 4.
If any of them. You geek.
I think that's a great choice, because 4 had a really interesting story.
2 in America, yes, for those who...
4 was depressing.
Yeah, it was pretty depressing, but...
Rydia 2003, motherfuckers.
It's like, what else could go wrong in my life?
Final Fantasy VI, you don't want to know what happened to Terra.
Because she's like my bitch.
They need to do a sequel to Final Fantasy VI, they can explain the goddamn ending.
Yeah, because it alludes to the fact that when the statues are destroyed that Terra might disappear, but she might not. It doesn't freaking give you any clue as to what actually happens to her.
Sorry for the lack of spoiler warning, but if you haven't beaten it by now, we figure you're probably not going to.
I know.
It doesn't matter if spoilers are given, because that game is excellent and you should play it no matter what. I mean, as far as RPG games is concerned, you have to play that game.
Yeah, it doesn't really spoil anything.
That game is so good. I've had it since it came out and I have played it like a million times
In fact, just like a couple of weeks ago. I started playing it again. So yeah, that game is like so awesome
Yeah, three or six whatever, you know
Eight
They should make eight because I
Don't know they were talking about making nine. That's just be a sequel to eight where they're gonna have
it was going to follow around the party of uh, wasn't it the same like Lagunas or something
like that?
Oh, uh, Laguna?
Laguna, yeah.
No spoils because we have somebody in the room that hasn't seen the end of 8, I'm talking
about Irene here, so.
Well, it doesn't have any, I'm just saying they were supposed to follow around Laguna.
Are you talking about 9 before it was made?
They were going to?
Yeah, they were talking about like, it was going to be done in the point of view of Laguna.
Oh, weird.
I have an interesting rumor that went around when it was being produced, the first bit of information was given out about eight, it was just two pictures, three pictures, I'm sorry, the logo, a picture of Laguna and a picture of Squall, two male characters, and people were looking at the logo thinking that it was Laguna and Squall hugging, and then they said the theme of the story was going to be loved.
So the rumor about Final Fantasy VIII was that they were going to be gay, it was going
to be a gay love story, and everybody freaked out because of all the homophobes.
And I was like, that would be so funny and interesting if they could do a gay story and
do it good, you know?
I don't know.
Oh, hold on.
Rice Princess has something to say.
Do you have an interesting rumor?
I heard Rinoa had crabs.
She probably does, it frickin'...
Anyway, um
Does Jamie have an opinion about? Oh hold on Rob's going next one
No, I just wanted to say if they did do that for Final Fantasy 8
It would be the best video game of all time number one on G for the list, baby
More it was much more squall because squirrels pretty and I want like Irvine selfie, you know
Cool he has a gun I
I agree with Jamie wholeheartedly, and you know what, I've said many times before, and I'm going to say it again, the movie should have been 8, 8 should have been the movie.
And what he means by that is 8, the story in 8 should have been the actual movie.
The story of Final Fantasy the movie shouldn't have had anything to do with Final Fantasy at all.
Yeah, so, anywho, kind of like Mystic Quest. Anyway.
Mystic Quest was like Final Fantasy for babies.
Yeah, kind of.
For babies with SARS.
I'll tell you what Mystic Quest is. In Japan, it's called Final Fantasy USA. Thank you.
Yep.
Super Mario USA!
Do you know what the Final Fantasy VII in America was considered over there?
Final Fantasy VII International.
I'm playing Final Fantasy X International.
Which is like, basically it's as easy as Final Fantasy X, the Japanese version, but in English.
And it has a few extra features I heard.
Not really.
the actual DVD.
You can see the difficulty of your spirit grid and that's about it.
The DVD, the extra DVD.
Mine didn't come with DVD.
They were supposed to release a separate DVD when you, maybe it was if you pre-ordered
it.
That's fine, I've already got it subtitled.
It was, it was a, um, like an extra spin.
It's you know running around being retarded, seriously.
I haven't seen it yet, so.
I'll show it to you, I'll copy it for you, but I have it subtitled if anyone on their
chat room or...
Hold on, what's that have to say?
Okay, now I watched the show preview video for Final Fantasy X2 on G4.
No spoilers?
Oh, this isn't a spoiler.
Okay, go ahead.
In fact, it makes no sense.
The whole video, all it is, is Riona.
Riona?
Or, not Riona.
Yuna?
The maker?
Whatever, Yuna.
Some Japanese.
Yuna Cross?
Yeah, yeah.
Yuna doing karaoke.
Singing.
Just singing.
Like some pop idol.
I'm like, I was watching it.
No, she's singing like a pop idol.
I'm watching and going, are they going to show anything else?
No.
Okay.
Well, this is interesting.
Did anybody see the, what was it, the Star Wars, I think it was a Lucasfilm, the little
Lucasarts computer game intro thing where all the stormtroopers were doing like a dance
or whatever.
No.
I mean, what does that have to do with it?
But it was funny.
So it's a way to promote the game.
Yeah, but it's heard just singing.
It showed nothing of the game.
You're supposed to be previewing the game to show me, to get me interested in playing the game.
All I saw was singing, like, the main theme.
Have you seen the Metal Gear Solid 2 commercial in Japan with G.A.C.T. in it?
No.
Has nothing to do with it, but it's G.A.C.T. and so people are going to be like,
No, this is in our chat room.
It's, we're making fun of the Final Fantasy and other stories.
And, um, Mario's saying, uh, Yuna's going,
Waka, your stomach is fat, lolololol.
And he's like, shut the fuck up.
Okay... Randomness... dot dot dot com.
Um, anything else to add, Matt?
Um, yeah, looks okay, I guess.
But are they supposed to be doing two sequels, or one sequel to Final Fantasy X?
I heard a rumor there was going to be a third game in the series.
But, I don't know, just like...
But that's a rumor! Don't take my word for it.
Depends on how X2 ends.
Matt says, depends on how X2 ends.
Don't take my word for it.
Get the book.
I haven't given my idea my opinion.
This is where I came up with the idea of asking everybody is because I was out there and I was thinking, what about other games in the Final Fantasy series?
I think they should do a sequel to Final Fantasy Tactics.
Anybody who's played Final Fantasy Tactics would go, what the fuck?
You play the game ten times through.
The story is so convoluted that you're just like, huh?
Huh?
Kind of like Mission Impossible 1, but worse.
And, I mean, the game was, the game was, no, there was a, there was a, Matt says there was no story.
There was a huge, great, deep story, but you have to play the game so many times.
And I think it was, to figure out, and I think it had to do with translation, because there was kind of a poor translation.
But I think if they made a sequel that kind of tied in with the original story, they can kind of explain the original story a little better.
And it was a good game.
I think they could make another good game.
Instead they're doing Final Fantasy Tactics Advance, ooh, where you're the stupid kid who gets sucked into the Final Fantasy Tactics world, ooh.
What?
You're a little kid that gets sucked into the-
Yes, Final Fantasy Tactics Advance is about a kid in the present day, and he gets sucked into the world of Final Fantasy Tactics.
So there's cars and stuff at the beginning.
Kids getting sucked.
Yeah, does that turn you on, you little pedophile?
No.
That would be cool to do a Final Fantasy Tactics but in like the Final Fantasy VII world.
Well, Cloud showed up in Final Fantasy Tactics and so there was some...
No, not gay.
Cloud was one of the strongest characters if you level him up correctly and things like that.
I mean he could do omni-slash and all these other cool attacks and stuff.
You know what I'm thinking about?
I'm thinking about this whole gay Final Fantasy thing.
And so I'm like, yeah, they should do like a sequel to Final Fantasy VII and have like the Cloud...
I'm going to give you some of my Gujinshi scan.
What about the scene where, like, Cloud has his shirt off and he's, you know, walkin'...
Never mind.
I wouldn't say that on the radio.
I know, I know, I'm just saying what Rice Princess just said, I would not say on the radio.
No, Matt, don't say it.
No.
Anyway...
No!
God, Matt!
Stop it!
Okay, Rice Princess is trying to say a bunch of, like, spoilers about Seven.
I know that everybody should have already played Final Fantasy 7, but I think there are people that might not have.
I'm not giving the microphone to Matt, he's gonna ruin something.
What? The fact that...
I just want the microphone!
Give me the mic.
Oh, by the way, Aeris dies.
Just so you know.
That was my favorite part of the damn game.
I have my game saved right there, so that I can watch her die over and over and over again.
It might cheer every time.
I forgot what it is, you should call her like a scum-sucking crack whore, and a homewrecker, and a man-stealer.
Here's why I'm not getting mad at you guys, because I'm pretty sure that nobody listening hasn't played the game or had the story spoiled already.
I mean if we had the whole world listening to us right now...
What about in the future when they have millions of listeners and they do a rebroadcast of
this show?
I guess I'm going to have to make this episode just disappear somehow.
We'll bleep it out.
Yeah, because millions of people are going to want to sit there and tune in and listen
yeah and you know because millions of people are gonna want to sit there and
tune in and listen to us go fuck shit hell whore porno speaking of porno we
had to get porno in I saw the best porno of all time this week whore of the rings
I want to see it oh my god will you guys will you guys bring it over oh it was
the best it was all I have to say is they have that guy they have a guy
playing golem and he has a dick for a nose and don't forget the happy tree
jizz the end the jizz is all over the chick that's supposed to be Frodo yes so
everybody today check out check out whore of the Rings that's Rob's porn pick
of the week thank you for the rings to sorry next week without talking about
porn well next week I'm going to be getting my dance this revolution cosplay
I didn't say you could have that.
This thing is great.
Alright.
It's a coyote.
You know what? Well, does anybody else have a quick topic?
Otherwise, I'm just going to go to final thoughts.
Boobs.
Boobs? You want to talk about boobs? What about boobs?
Boobs are funny, but dicks are funnier.
Why are they funny?
funny? Cuz I look funny. Anyway... I seriously think that they're funny looking. I'm sorry,
repeat that again Brad? You know what looks phallic? Your shower curtain. What do you
What do you think? I mean...
Loki bought it.
It's... I swear it looks like...
It looks...
Doesn't it look like a dick?
It's so cool.
Great. So everybody's...
Yeah, this is great radio, you guys.
Rob Showerkern has a bunch of dicks on it.
Loki bought it?
No, no, no, no, no. Here.
Don't even start going there.
My girlfriend bought that for us, okay?
Your girlfriend has a fetish.
And this does not look like a penis.
It looks like a cow or a lock.
You're right, it doesn't look like a penis.
It looks like several of them.
Anybody, I don't know, if you haven't seen it yet, go look at...
What's his name, Geiger?
H.R. Geiger. Look at H.R. Geiger's works.
Somebody should make a shower curtain out of one of H.R. Geiger's paintings.
painting the one of all the dicks and vagina sticking each other and it's like
a big mosaic thing of it it's really mosaic um yeah Brad I think that's
supposed to be birds they're supposed to be birds the birds that turn into more
birds what the hell is up with enter the matrix and all the hell like hidden hack
stuff in there like they have a whole thing what was their name surfing or
something like that yeah okay anyway they have a recording of her going hello
lover I have an itch in the place that I cannot scratch I need your nails on my
back and I like asparagus and and and and also I only have asparagus for
lunch what the hell is that supposed to mean asparagus is penis shape do I don't
know it is kind of phallic it does I don't go around smelling urine thank you
he said he informed me that asparagus makes your pee stink yeah okay I have a
late f-you of the week that somehow I didn't get before my bad tyrant would
like to say f-you to my ISP for not allowing me into the chat room you know
what f-you to other side IRC because it's been screwing up all day anyway
f-you to my uncanny ability to be be to get to be really great friends with
women but not be able to have a relationship with my own brown f-you to
school I'm ready to be done I don't want to do finals
Okay, I think it's time to get the final thoughts, what do you guys think?
Alright, starting off with Brad, final thought of the day.
The game shits the calories you burn while burninating.
Final thought from Matt, the Ice Queen.
Princess!
Yes, Princess Bitch did it freaking right, I need more alcohol in my life, and sex, lots
of sex.
violence then you'll have all three six months boo-hoo shut up bitch rice
princess your final thought this is we can get a mic over there it borrows
into the ground. That's all I'm going to say.
Okay.
Oh, that's on the website, isn't it?
No, I'm doing a thief.
I must not have it yet.
Yeah, explanation of that, real quick.
The thief class has a skill named hide and it has such bad
The entire script is horrible.
It hides by burrowing into the ground or whatever.
Burrowing in the ground.
I only like to burrow in the ground. I don't like burrowing above ground, thanks.
That's what the hide skill does.
Anyway, that's boring so here.
Loki, your final thought?
My final thought is...
If you're really, really, really, really desperate...
I got this really cool pop-up ad today when I was browsing hacker sites.
You know, one of those porno pop-ups.
Anyways, it's this adult finder.com or something like that, and you go and you register and you can find people that just want to have sex in your area, and it's gay, straight, everything.
That's kind of like gay.com.
Well, yeah, but...
You know this from experienced brats?
I don't know what that is.
The problem with gay.com in Sacramento is that everybody's already fucked everybody else.
Doesn't mean you can have more sex.
It's like what?
You have sex once and then it's like, oh, can I have sex again?
I'm sorry.
Is that it?
That is all.
Uh, you want me to go or you wanna go?
I'll go.
I'm gonna just take my final thought from AZHP.
He says, asparagus only smells bad if your gene for smelling asparagus-laden pee is dominant.
That must mean my mind doesn't stink.
Your final thought, Jamie?
I'm never going to ask her again.
My final thought for real is, GIVE ME A DOLLAR!
Okay.
That's it.
Thanks for supporting Orange Moms Radio.
I got x-ray vision.
Final word, Rice Princess.
Final word.
Meow.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by Dark Sakura, Skye, and Loki.
We expect you a nice play again.
And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
Uh huh, extra cheese, uh huh, uh huh, save the cheese for me.
pizza party at your house i went just to check it out 19 extra lodges what a shame no one came
just us eating all alone you said take the pizza home no sense letting all this go to waste
so then i faced pizza all day and every day the speed round the clock is getting me blocked and
And I sure don't care with irregularity
Tell me why'd you have to go and make me so constipated
Cause right now I'd do anything to just get my bowels evacuated
In the bathroom I sit and I wait and I strain
And I sweat and I clench and I feel the pain
Oh, should I make laxatives or have my colon irrigated?
No, no, no
I was feeling pretty down
Till my girlfriend came around
We're just so alike in every way
I gotta say
In fact, I just thought I might
Pop the question there that night
I was kissing her so tenderly
But woe is me
Who would've guessed her family crest?
I'd suddenly spy, tattooed on her thigh
And son of a gun, it's just like the one on me
Tell me, how was I supposed to know we were both related?
Believe me, if I knew she was my cousin, we never would've dated
What to do now? Should I go ahead and propose
And get hitched and have kids with 11 toes
and move to Alabama where that kind of thing is tolerated
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
I had so much on my mind
I thought maybe I'd unwind
try out that new roller coaster ride
And the guide said not to stand Was that the demand that I couldn't meet?
I got on my feet and stood up and said And knocked off my head, you see
Tell me, would I have to go and get myself decapitated?
This really is a major inconvenience, oh man, I really hate it
The sun should dry now, can't eat, I can't breathe, I can't snore, I can't belt your yodel
Anymore I can't sit and roll my nose or even read Sports Illustrated
Oh no, might I have to go and get myself all mutilated
Yeah, yeah, I gotta tell ya
Life without a head kinda makes me irritated
What a bummer, I can't blink, I can't cough, I can't sneeze
But my neck is enjoying a pleasant breeze now
Haven't been the same since my head and I was separated
Thanks for listening, and we'll see you next week.
And we're back for the Orange Highlands afterbirth.
And everybody's sitting here talking about the godliness of Weird Al.
You want to hear godliness, I'll play the Eddie Murphy one.
I don't know.
We'll play the Eddie Murphy song.
Oh God.
My girl wants to potty all the time. Potty. Potty. Potty.
Dude, yes. You should play the Human League one that I got you.
Don't you want me baby? Don't you want me? Oh.
Hi Brad, I just hit you Yeah, so, hi, how ya doin?
Vinyl, I remember vinyl There's really not a lot to say for After
Birth, I don't think Does anybody else have anything they wanna
say for After Birth?
They're gonna watch this weird Al thing Yeah, Rob, I want you to shut the hell up
I need to get my Saturday Night Fever, actually you know what Matt, I need to get my Saturday
Night Fever record for you. So you can have the Bee Gees. And Disco Inferno. Burn baby
burn. Wait, are you actually going to play this? 10 minutes of pure disco. Ok, fine we'll
we'll play part of it
Hey, Loki, the chat room wants you to sing along with it.
My girl wants to party all the time, party all the time, party all the time, party all
party all the time. I go once to party all the time. Party all the time. I feel like
I'm at a wedding and Matt's drunk. That will never happen. And that's not even at the reception.
It's actually the actual ceremony, by the way.
Body on the top.
God, Eddie Murphy sucks.
Girl, I've seen you in the club, just hanging out and dancing.
Okay, thank you.
You are not the next American Idol!
Are you Elton and the Chipmunks album?
Hey Justin, I have something from SyFam that you don't!
I'm the best party, I'm the best party, I'm the best party all the time!
My new one to party, I'm the best party all the time!
That was beautiful, enough of that.
I have to give Rob the biggest high five for that comment.
That was comic gold.
Oh my god.
I gotta go change my shirt, that was too much.
You know what?
Our afterburns keep getting better and better.
They really do.
That started out pretty slow, but I think we should end it now, while we're ahead.
Don't put that on.
No!
Put it on me!
We have to.
Put on your clothes! Put on your clothes!
Matt, put your clothes back on.
Okay, wait, we're doing another vinyl?
Yes.
I scare.
Is Loki gonna sing along to this?
He better.
Okay, start your recorders now. Start your recording now, because I'm not recording it, so hurry up.
I don't know the fucking lyrics to this song.
Wait, hold on, hold on, hold on. Don't start yet.
He's going to get the lyrics.
I can't do it without laughing.
You have to do this.
If you're going to torture us with this music, you have to at least sing with it.
And then do the speed mix.
Come here.
No, we don't want to use that dog too much.
One trick puppy. Oh god. Here we go. Alright, here we go.
Why did you make me do that?
I don't even know how to...
I'll tell your baby.
I don't even know how to kick it.
Just take it. Jesus.
You didn't play the instrumental version, did you?
No, I picked the extended mix.
You picked the extended mix?
Here, let me fix it.
Put it on the other side.
Ah, fine.
Low-key ruining everything. Good.
More time for people to start the recording.
Ah, here we go. This should probably work.
Alright.
Alright, here we go.
Is this the real version now?
This is the real version.
Yeah, I'm happy because I'm not the one making that ass on that fucking mic.
Why?
Is this because I want to play my music?
Yes, you are.
...
oh ei oh ei oh
oh ei oh ei oh
oh ei oh ei oh
oh ei oh ei oh
oh ei oh ei oh
oh ei oh ei oh
Well, I can eat your shit
Yeah! Where the hell is the lyrics?
Loki your vinyl sucks my ass
Nita do well
No
It's a fun way to trip and take their trades, spin around and then cross the floor
Oh-eh-oh-eh-oh
All the school kids so sick of books they like to poke and they'll pay it
Oh-eh-oh-eh-oh
Oh-eh-oh-eh-oh
Oh-eh-oh-eh-oh
Here we go, here we go.
Walk like he needs gym shit.
There you go.
This sucks.
No kidding.
I think the extended mix would have been better.
Spin the disc yo.
Thank you.
You're breaking speakers across the internet.
Alright, I think now is a good time to put the gun in the pervial forehead of Orange
Launch Radio.
Okay, that's it.
We're signing off.
End of afterbirth.
We're going to pick you now since it's six months into the year June 1st.
I think this is a good time to revive our non-stop New Years.
So enjoy.
We're going to start it off with ZipMania Beth and take you out throughout the evening.
Thanks for tuning in to Orange Launch Radio.
We appreciate your support.
Please score up our listening hours.
We definitely need it.
Vote us a five and vote Legend of Max a ten onto my cell.
Remember, if you can't be an athlete, be an athletic supporter and vote for Legend of
Trance.
What did I say?
Legend of Max.
Oh my bad.
Legend of Trance.
Oh, oh, oh, and someone needs to mix me, um, the Sandbone Trio MX300, thank you.
