Toto, I have a feeling we're not in Kansas anymore.
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio, the Monty Talk and then some.
Uh, mostly the and then some part of that.
Orange Lounge Radio is created by a bunch of potty-mouthed adults.
Orange Lounge may contain sexual, perverted, and mildly retarded content.
You probably shouldn't let your children listen to Orange Lounge Radio.
Yes, I will spank your child.
If you're not gonna do your job, goddammit, I will.
Well, here's my big opening.
A sphincter says why?
I'm super. Thanks for asking.
Oh, you little bitch troll from hell!
What am I doing here?
Ha ha!
Nooo!
Eh?
Dodge this.
Mm-hmm.
This is a tasty burger.
Look, you stupid bastard!
You've got no arms left!
It's a house?
Look!
It's a flesh wound.
Searching for a boy in high school, is that useless?
It's searching for meaning in a polyshorn way.
Oh, yeah?
Well, I hope your babies look like monkeys.
Dark Sakura.
I ain't got a sniff, but I'm playing it for the bartender, so suffer.
I hate you!
We are live, and this is episode number 48 for June the 8th of 2003.
You're tuned in to the Beeee Money Scene's most bitchy radio station of all things Le Money.
My name is Rob Roberts, you might know me as Sky.
Joining me as always are my awesome co-hosts, in this corner, the happiest bunny on the farm, Jamie, Ms. Summers, if you're nasty.
Shut up, I'm watching Transformers.
You know her better, StarSakura.
In that corner, say hello to our TechMasa Loki.
Hello.
I lied, you guys. This is episode number 47, not 48. My bad.
I lost count.
Oops.
So what? Everybody makes mistakes. Leave me alone.
Go away. Die.
Also with us tonight, say hello to nobody.
That's right. It's empty. It's a ghost town here in Orange Lounge Radio headquarters.
Nobody loves Orange Lounge Radio anymore. I had a cry.
I missed it.
They should be the crappiest transformers though when they show the commercials.
And we're getting phone calls as if we could take calls on the show.
I'm getting more carrots.
How rude.
I am being a good girl today.
How are you being a good girl?
Eating carrots.
As opposed to?
Eating candy.
Alrighty.
We'll be talking to us, ourselves, since there's no guests here, we'll just be talking to ourselves a little later.
later and first we're gonna take a quick break though featuring some five key
songs fun and this first song is called water flame and it's by K and actually a
buddy of mine Navi he's who's been on the show before he picked up the K album
not too long ago it's pretty cool cool yes so lots of fun stuff coming up
night we're gonna do listless tonight because we haven't done it forever and
yeah so enjoy we'll be back
And I still have a lot of work to do
Oh, but I am, I am
You
Na ikako nakunte arumakega
Na itoshii tetsa mou ichido
Mou tsukouchi anetano te
Mi wo kurei dai
Thank you
We bout to push that
We bout to punch out now
I'll put you in my
It's more contagious than SARS It's Orange Lounge Radio
That's right. You are listening to Orange Lawn's radio.
And you just listened to a whole bunch of five key songs.
Didn't you enjoy that?
Athletics with Disco Dog, from 7th Mix, before that Love to Me.
Hey, Athletics do it on Please Don't Go.
That's right. Athletics also did War Game, right?
I think.
Before that, the Japanese version of Love to Me, as it's easily called.
It sounds better.
From 3rd Mix. That's debatable.
Before that, GTS featuring Melody Sexton from 4th Mix, brand new world, and starting that
off Kay from 7th Mix with Water Flames.
I can't get my thing to propel open.
That sounds like that Margaret Cho joke, Water's Flame.
So yeah, it's pretty mellow here tonight.
We don't really have a whole lot going on, not a lot going on in the land of Orange Lounge
Radio this week.
Actually, there were a lot of changes that happened at the station on June 1st.
Hopefully they've been invisible to you.
There's been some positive changes and there's been some negative changes.
And this is all due to Live 365.
Positive changes, we've been given a lot more web space.
So we're going to add a whole bunch of new songs.
So Jamie brought me a whole bunch of new stuff to add into the normal playlist.
You get to hear it all tonight.
And yes, I've got some good news and bad news.
The good news is I save lots of money by calling Geico.
So yeah, we're going to have a whole bunch of new stuff in rotation with Monty Music
More.
Bad news is, and this is the weird thing, this is the interesting part, they're tapping
how many live listeners we can have at once, so it's capped right now, yeah they're going
cap our listeners it's capped right now when we're live at a number which we've
only hit during one show ever what well I don't want to say on air but it's it's
that many times okay so we've only ever hit that number once so what what's
gonna happen is if we ever hit that number again what's gonna happen when
you try to connect to the station we're live it's gonna go we're sorry but this
station is too popular and you have to be a preferred member we're sorry that
you have SARS don't worry if you get that message we're gonna be aware of it
that we've hit our cap and what we'll do for the next week will increase our cap
we just don't want to have to pay any more money unless we have to but we
don't want our listeners to pay we're cheap bitches that's right
we take donations you can send this via PayPal now here's the next question is
that they go well if you don't like all of life 365 rules why don't you go
through shoutcast well cast is the suck well it's not necessarily that shoutcast
That sucks, I mean for talk radio it's actually pretty good, but this is the problem, we play
music and the music part you get into that whole licensing thing, now you could get into
like oh well you know you're doing Konami a favor here blah de blah de blah, I don't
think Konami cares the station exists either but let's just not take chances, especially
because we bring you a lot of dance media stuff, the other thing being is that if we
ran a Shoutcast server all the bandwidth would have to come off our personal line here at
the house. I'm sorry, but I'm too busy downloading porn to run a radio station off the computers
here.
I'm too busy downloading transformers.
So that's the reason why we stuck with Live 365 this whole time is that we can suck their
bandwidth away and tough. I just wanted to give you all those little updates about what's
going on with Live 365.
We hope you have a summer to remember.
Now let's uh, let's have a look at some more.
We need an apartment.
Oh my god, our apartment is so lame.
I'm going to read this.
You're going to read the apartment list?
Make a splash this summer.
Whether your ideal of fun is heading out to the ball park, lounging by the pool, or watching
a spectacular sunset, we hope you have a summer to remember.
Enjoy!
They also have a list down there where you can sign up to watch rattlesnakes.
I kid you not.
What?
You're just going to watch them rattle?
What would they do?
Can you eat them?
Let's see here.
Doo doo doo doo doo.
Um, yeah.
Sign up in the fitness room for
Tennis, Singles, Doubles, Friday Night,
Round Robin, Walking, Running,
Biking, Swimming, Weightlifting
slash yoga, Canoeing
slash kayaking slash hang gliding,
Cards slash computer games,
Rattlesnake watching, Seriously,
have we left anything out?
Dude, hang gliding.
I can pretend like I'm in pilot wings.
But I really, really suck in pilot games.
But... But...
They don't have...
Like, rifle shooting.
Skeet shooting!
Does anybody remember that movie
Don't Tell Mom the Babysitter's Death?
Yes! The dishes are done, man!
The dishes are done, man!
That was the best.
I'm sorry, that movie was the shi... I don't know why I'm thinking about that.
I feel like when she shot the guy in the pants with the water gun, it looked like he pissed himself.
I think I'm thinking of that movie today
because I saw Christina Applegate in a commercial.
Anyway, so now we had our update with what's going on with Live365. Let's get our update with the host.
Jamie, how was your week?
It was a week. I worked. I'm happily getting some overtime now.
Good!
I'm happy.
Anything Romani related?
I suck at 2DX now.
Why do you suck at 2DX?
Because I'm like a month out of serious practice. And I hurt my foot on DDR.
Was that using the pad that I have?
That was playing at the arcade. It was my butt foot.
Since then, my left foot's been swollen and it hasn't fit in my shoe.
Have you been playing with my new dance pad?
And I use the term, my new dance pad?
Not yet, yeah. Hey, over 30 days, it's legal.
There's a whole lot of other drama going on there. We don't get into it.
I will, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, I'll catch you up later.
That's my new dance pad, and my new third and fourth style.
Oh, yes.
Actually, they're slightly used, but they're mine, and that's what counts.
Is there anything else of yours that I might be able to have that you might not need?
You know, come to think of it, that's about all I made out with.
But I only took some slight losses.
I think the only thing I lost at everything was a Hedwig DVD.
So I kind of had to trade my Hedwig DVD for a...
Oh, cry. I know.
I think I'd have that on VHS anyway.
To get you a new Hedwig DVD.
Anyway, it doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter.
But anyway, DDR.
Yes, you've been enjoying it?
By the way, I made removals.
I had already made my removal from my...
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
We're talking about later.
We're talking about later.
Other stuff.
Other stuff.
We're cool.
We don't need to bring down the show with that chatter.
Yeah, you know, if we really wanted to bring things down, we could say twin, but...
Oh, this is great.
This is great.
The other day, I played a joke on Loki.
You know how Loki...
We'll premiere this for you guys in a little while.
joke that one. I got it. Come on, let me tell them. Pretend it was funny. Can you pretend
it was funny for me? It was the most hilarious thing I've ever experienced, ever. That's
right. Orange Lounge Practical Jokes and Bloopers. Okay, this is what happened. Loki made a brand
new remix, and we're going to premiere it for you guys probably during the next break,
right? Yes? Sound good to me? Yes. So we'll introduce that. Well, I guess I have to tell
you what it is in order to tell you the joke.
So the new remix is Gravity, the Dark Sakura Burnination Mix.
It's cool.
And basically what it is, is it's Gravity kind of mixed with like some Rob Zombie.
Like there's a lot of Rob Zombie elements in it.
So what happened is that Loki left.
He went somewhere.
He went to go over to his girlfriend's or something and he left IRC in Orange Lounge
up and I kind of was just like looking, because sometimes I do that, you know, I'll see, oh
Is there anybody talking in Orange Lounge right now?
Should I set myself back from away and join in the chat or whatever?"
And I saw that Loki had said, hey, I finished this new mix, da-da-da-da-da.
And Brad and Irene were over here, you know, Rice Princess and Lanky Style were over here.
And of course, like, Brad being a big Loki fanboy was like, oh, I got to hear that remix.
I'm like, okay, well, now that Loki and I live together, let me just get on the network
and access Loki's computer and find it, because I know where he keeps all his remixes.
So I went in there and played it.
I'm like, and that's when I found out, okay, it's Rob Zombie, it's Gravity.
So I'm getting to a point here, trust me.
So when Loki finally gets home, he walks through the door and I get him, I'm like, oh my god,
for mommy's style, they're having a new remix contest and I heard the most awesome entry.
It's like somebody mixed Gravity with Rob Zombie and it's called the Twin Burnination
Mix.
Loki was not of the amused, but I was.
That joke fell on his face before I stepped in the door and it was just like, guess what?
I heard this new remix. Right away I knew what was going on.
So play it on me.
I was hoping that Loki would be too silly to realize that, you know,
oh, he might have gone on my computer and did it.
But see, Loki knows I'm a big old snoop. Like, no, I wouldn't look at anything else.
Just his remixes. He wouldn't share anything else on his computer, I'm sure.
I'm porn.
Oh, yeah, I'm porn. You do have your porn shared, right?
Um, no, it's not shared, sorry.
Poor Rob.
so mean to me
uh... okay
or
or you would be interested in that
true true or false there is dick and hetero-porn
some hetero-porn
and and and uh...
the um...
what was that
allie mcfeel
what about outta mcfeel
kids one of them
rice princess and lanky style are getting
Through a friend at Rocky Horror, they've been getting all these pornos.
Ally McFeel, Whore of the Rings.
You know Q.
Those are funny.
You know Q.
Yeah.
Q is the guy that looks like Striker's son from X2.
I saw the DVD exchange hands after the potty thing.
Did you see X2?
Yes.
You remember Striker's son?
Yeah.
That's Q.
Oh my God, you're right!
Anyway.
Oh my God.
Okay, since we've been talking about it, why not Let's Play?
play Loki's brand new remix. How's that sound to you, Loki?
Good, I guess.
How's that sound to you, Miss Dark Sakura?
Sure.
Now is this going to be your new F.U. song of the week, or is it going to be...
No.
No? You still like your old one?
Because the old one is...
This one has just the fuck out of it.
That has the stack work.
Yeah, I know. But we can find uses for this one.
Although I've been sort of thinking of another one for my F.U. song.
Oh, really now?
Sort of. I'm working on it.
Alright, so we're going to premiere this for you. This is Loki's, well actually we premiered it last night on The Fuck Off, but this is it's full show premiere. Here it is.
Loki vs. Tack featuring Rob Zombie, Gravity, the Dark Sakura Burnination mix.
Enjoy!
Oops, hi, oops, that was fucked up, Loki Vs. Tack featuring Rob Zombie, Gravity, the Dark
Sacra burnination mix, and let's say hello to our new guest that just arrived during
that little song.
New?
Well, you know.
It's a noob.
You're noob tonight.
Yeah.
It's noob.
Hello, lanky style.
Hey, what's up?
I was just telling you, see the reason why we played that is I was telling the story
about or-
Practical jokes and bloopers about how I joked with Loki last night, except it wasn't funny
at all.
But it was funny to me.
I laughed.
Not last night, the night before, I think.
Whatever.
It was funny.
I thought it was funny because you were so horrible at lying to him.
There's no way, like, as soon as you walked in and said, as soon as you walked in you
said, wow, I heard this awesome reading that you could see the look on his face, like,
Now, I know what he did. He found the hemp-y theme.
Wow, that's exactly what he said ten minutes ago.
Oh.
Well, see? Good minds think, or great minds think alike, whatever.
Say hello also to the Rice Princess.
Hello.
Hello, how are you?
I'm okay.
Orange Crush tonight?
Yep. Yay. For you and Jamie especially.
So she's, Taylor made this one for me and Jamie apparently. Yes.
This should be good. It's a kick in the ass. This should be very good.
So we have that to look forward to.
Stay tuned.
Let's see.
What else?
So, Jamie, did you have anything else you wanted to say about your week?
I kind of cut you off with my whole blooper story.
I'm sorry.
Thank you.
I'm a bad man.
Thank you.
Here?
Now?
Show?
No.
Okay.
I have a cookie.
I have a cookie.
All right.
My week?
Yeah.
My last week was my last week of indulgence before I am a good girl.
And you're going to be on diet?
I was not on diet.
It's a lifestyle modification.
It's a lifestyle modification.
Amen.
I am cutting down to one, because I found out that working where I do, I cannot give
up soda completely.
Okay.
I need caffeine and I need sugar.
I'm cutting to one soda a day and it's balls.
I drink balls at work.
So if you're going to drink soda, why not drink the worst one for you?
No, I'm drinking a little of the most caffeine.
Actually, Joel would be worse than balls, probably.
Much worse.
And then, I am exchanging all of my cookies and fun, sweet stuff for carrots and broccoli.
That's good.
And I'm gonna not eat chocolate that much, I'm gonna have carob.
Ew, carob makes you poo.
Everything makes me poo, Rob.
With my really crappy digestion, I will eat what I can get.
This show makes me poo.
It obviously makes you want to poo because you're in the bathroom.
Oh, there you are.
No, I ran to turn on the A.C.
That's because it's...
No, not after class.
This is fun. Irene entered the room. It just got too hot in here.
I know.
It's getting hot in here.
There's something rotten here.
You better hold your nose.
Alright.
Oh, by the way, I haven't hoarded out the chat room yet tonight, so I probably should.
If you're listening and you want to join in the fun in our chat room
our chat room because there's a whole cluster of fucking people there tonight. Hello, chat
room. Yeah, clustercluck. Go to www.calibomani.com, click on Orange Lounge and click on chat. It's
just that simple.
And don't forget about our LiveJournal community, too.
Yes, our LiveJournal community. www.livejournal.com slash users slash Orange Lounge.
Yes, post there, please.
Yeah, we need people to post. Jamie, you need to assign people a topic for this week to
post about in Orange Lounge. You know, like an essay. It'll be an essay project.
Best Bhumani song to fuck to. Best Bhumani song to fuck to. So we want to know in the
Orange Lounge Live Journal community the best Bhumani song to fuck to.
I'm in jealousy. Wow.
Holic. What the hell? No, make sure I'm on the maximum.
That's what they need. That's what they need. They need to have, you know, like how they
We have anime music videos, porno, baumani music videos.
You have the porn up there and you just sync it with the baumani music.
I saw the worst porn ever two weeks ago.
Yes.
It was something that, um, that, uh, Jabberwocky had.
What's that?
We were watching our movie night and, like, I had to leave before the anime actually started.
Uh huh.
But there was some, like, really rotten, horrible, like, camcorder porn.
And this woman had a ward.
No.
It was like trailer trash hooker or something, it was so bad.
And they showed this like shot of her area, and there's a big old wart there.
I was like, ew.
Now, do they have a name? The Wart? No, the Wart, the Wart had a name.
Bubba.
Um, FYI, um, our ever faithful Black Lab, our correspondent for the People's Republic of Texas, uh, Ben and I'll hope you enter here.
He is, um, TM. Trademark. Sorry. Uh, he is posting that in the community right now, so that you, it will not be forgotten.
Anyway, while we were talking about porn and Bamani, I thought this would be a good chance for me to ask Loki about his week.
What about my week?
That was pretty boring.
My girlfriend had her 21st birthday.
She was 21 on Wednesday, so she's happy.
Well, she could have been happier because also for her birthday she got strep throat, so that kind of sucked.
She's still sick, so yeah.
I guess you guys didn't go dancing or some club or something.
We never do that anyways.
go drinking, go to porn strip clubs, oh wait that's 18. She can't drink anyways because
of her disease. Oh yeah, I'm sorry. Anywho. That's no good. But no, we just hung out and
stuff and that's all. But yeah, I'm sure the thing Rob is wanting me to talk about. Tell
us, Loki, tell us. I believe last week we mentioned that I was going to be getting a
certain uh... video coming in
over at ebay coming in and um... this video that i have received and it's funny
is we only missed it by one day too
this video is called dance dance fuck
D D F
EAT ME BACK
it was supposed to be
a uh... bimani cosplay porno
but um...
instead it's not
people in a club dancing and then fucking pretty simple
can you play a little bit for us here in studio and then we could
if you could hook it up to the sound to so at least the I know this is bad radio
but at least they can hear the porn music
the music that goes with DDF because um
it does cut some of it kinda sounds like Max 300 and stuff
yes it's DDF 6 mix
by the way
1.5 I I don't know chicks with dicks episode
I I have no idea
But we're gonna we're gonna hear a little bit here of DDF get it and you guys want to see don't worry
It's it's children safe because it's mosaic so like all Japanese porn so
Rated-r porn it's like porn that would be on vh1 if they ever had porn
So they wouldn't it's like showgirls with the drawdown bikinis. Okay here does the intro screen?
Yeah, the sound should be going through. It's going through the little intros right now.
It looks like DNA. Oh, or not.
It's from Deep Five Studios, it looks like. Or is that Deep? Here it is. Dance, dance, fuck!
And here's the star, Wakabayashi Habayashi or something.
And there's the biggest pair of cameliffs I've ever seen.
And there they go.
To describe the scene for you guys, it's just some chick in a nightclub wearing a bunch of silver.
And rubbing herself.
And she's rubbing and feeling herself.
And then she's just kind of getting screwed by other guys.
And this has nothing to do with DDR. They're not dancing on a DDR pad or anything.
Oh, hey.
Occasionally on the screen it will flash DD, DD Dance Dance Fox 6 mix.
I don't think so.
It dates back in the early 90's except it's like The Grind in Japan on MTV.
That's funny.
Well I think, yeah, Jamie says with fucking, but I think if it was The Grind in Japan there would probably be fucking anyway.
Right on there on TV.
Alright, let's uh, let's give it a head here.
Is this one really any good?
It's not funny.
Hey, that's funny.
I don't know how to do it that way.
absolutely nothing to do with DDR at all except for the fact that sometimes on
the screen it'll flash the title dance dance fuck and they're in a nightclub
and they're dressed like nightclub they're dressed like power chicks
without the boots okay I'm gonna sit over here now that's that's now I'm my
socks camera one what is multi angles I don't know it just says camera one and
And she's dancing.
Her music isn't any good, really.
Now, Loki, what would you say about putting this in a sim?
That'd be hilarious.
You know, I should do that for a random video.
Can I still enter Turnimix 4?
You have four? No, you can't.
Oh, but I'll get to Turnimix 4 later, um, because we've got news on that too, but uh...
Yeah.
Where can I get the soundtrack for this?
It's pretty good.
Oh, oh, we got another song.
This could be Tack.
No!
This sounds like we got the rage on Sunday night.
And again, it's the same girl in the silver dress who's got like...
She's like the slut of the nightclub.
Damn, I wish Tourney McPaw wasn't close because I would so enter this.
I feel like she has such bloody friends with her.
And I'd have this in the background. It's a video, too.
There's always Trini Makes Five.
Coming soon to, uh, screen near you.
Anyway, yeah.
So, dance, dance, fuck.
Kinda sucks.
She's getting tongue now.
That's not...
Ew, that's not even slightly erotic.
At all.
That looks like something out of a sci-
Oh, my God!
No, no, no.
This is a history, I mean an animal planet or something, it looks like.
Discovery Channel.
It looks like something out of a bad sized fiction movie.
It looks like something from hentai anime.
That guy does not know how to make out at all.
He's like, what am I doing here?
I don't care, he's riding me.
Alright, I think we can turn off the bad porn now, thank you.
That looks really awful.
There it is.
You heard it here first.
That's ten minutes of my life I'm never getting back.
Dance, dance, fuck, six mix.
Alright.
So is that all you want to say about your week?
Uh, yeah.
I didn't do too much of them to make a remix.
Um...
What else did I do? I don't know.
I didn't do really much of anything.
Slap.
That's tired.
Um...
Yeah, that's it.
Wow. Okay.
Still trying to get the phones working.
Nah, I don't know.
Find it eventually.
I got a cool hat this weekend.
And I have a shirt with Judd Nelson on it and I'm wearing it.
What a cool.
And I saw pictures of him now from that show that he has.
It was dorky.
Something, Susan.
Suddenly Susan?
Yeah, he plays for the office manager.
I think suddenly Susan's been off the air for a couple of years.
Okay, well I don't watch TV, okay?
Okay.
But he looks dorky now.
I mean, he's so, you know, cute.
But with his haircut he looks really dorky.
And not when he was young and hot.
Breakfast club's cool though.
He looks dorky in a not cool way.
Not like Elijah Wood, you know, he's dorky in a cool way, right?
Lankystyle, since you ruthlessly took the mic away from Jamie, you want to tell us about your week?
My week? Yes, it was week. Haha.
Nah, just same old me, you know, unemployed, playing ragnarok.
Um, let me think, if anything special happened besides the, you know, thing you found out about today.
Tell us about it. You want to tell us about it? Yeah.
Today, I mean, I got an email June 2nd, but it went to my garbage folder, my, my, my fucking junk mail folder for oatmeal because they suck, and they can't decipher.
I usually get the enlarge your penis emails right to my inbox, but all the other stuff that's not junkware goes to my junk folder.
So I didn't check it until today, which is what, the 8th?
Well, I got accepted to be a Final Fantasy XI beta tester, and they're sending me my shit, and that's going to be pretty cool.
On Windows.
Yay.
Yeah, yay is cool. So if anybody...
We can talk about, you know, how the game looks to people, if people listening want to hear, you know, might be interested in getting it.
in getting it yeah I'd be curious so yeah but I don't know what it's gonna
get here so I know Jamie and did you and your fiancee both apply for the ps2
beta and I applied for the windows beta gotcha I can play that while I'm playing
red rock
Irene's Irene saying that she's never gonna see me again because I've got
Do they have a launch date for Final Fantasy XI on computer yet?
No, I don't know. There might be, I just haven't been looking into it.
Because I'm just like, hey, I'm a beta tester, so I get to play it before everybody else.
Well, not everybody else.
But anywho, I don't know anybody else who is. I mean, I think it's just me, Jamie, and Van.
Well, that'd be fun. Good luck to you guys.
You should apply.
It's probably too late now, isn't it?
Well, the email said something about July is when the public beta starts.
So it's like less than a month of closed beta. That's interesting.
Which is kind of weird. So, I mean, you could always play the public beta in July.
Oh, whatever. Yeah, you don't care. You're too popular. No, I'm excited about
Final Fantasy XI. I kind of wish it was on GameCube, because I don't know why.
I just love my GameCube, and I want everything to be on it.
Go to hell.
I'm already there.
Um, listen, you talk about GameCube. Shut up.
My computer, you know what, I just can't play games on my computer, like even when I seem to have a top-of-the-line system, games suck to play on my computer, they really do.
I can't get it out there, but they cost you a little.
I know.
Next week, by the way, I'm bringing over Soul Calibur 2.
Oh yeah, cool.
I've had it for like a month.
I saw the demo at Fry's this week.
The demo doesn't do the game justice, I have GameCube, of course.
I guess I'll talk about my week.
Navi and I decided to go to Fry's on Monday because I wanted to make a random purchase
so I decided I wanted to buy a GameCube game and it came down to two games like we were
looking and we were either going to get Mario Party 4 or Cubivore and I decided to get Mario
Party 4 because I like to be popular and when I get Mario Party 4 people will come over
more and want to play so I bought it and that worked for Friday but Cubivore actually what
What happened is, Navi was so obsessed with Cubivore and the idea of it, he went and freaking
bought it.
And it's actually pretty cool, because you get to eat things.
You ruthlessly tear the tails off of little cube snakes and stuff.
It's kind of like a mix between Facebook 2000, except everything is cubes in 3D, and EVO,
that old SNES game, where you kind of evolve, you eat things, you get experience points
and you can evolve.
But everything's still cubes, so it's kind of weird.
It's very interesting. I especially love the screen where you have to go mate because you have to mate to have offspring to get more limbs, I guess.
It's kind of complicated. Well, not really.
But it's funny because it says, like, you attracted five females.
And then it says, would you like to mate? Yes or no?
The mating scene in Cube of War is, like, the best thing I've seen in any video game in the past year.
I just love the question. Would you like to mate? Yes or no?
Would you like to mate? Yes or no?
If a guy's playing the game, who's going to answer no?
I mean, those are some pretty hot cube chicks.
And then at the end he says, I mated with five females.
And I had three kids, or three of the females had kids.
Sounds like an episode of Jerry Springer.
Yeah, it's Cube Springer, Jerry Springer.
So Rice Princess, how was your week?
Oh, sorry.
Everything was always, oh, I started a diet on Monday, but that's about it.
How's your diet going?
It's been going pretty good.
I think I lost like five pounds.
Congratulations on all of that.
Yay.
Oh my god.
Other than that, it's been pretty boring.
I think I need to go on a lifestyle change.
Yeah, it's not a real diet sort of thing.
It's a lifestyle change.
Okay, that's good.
Yeah, and that's about it.
Boring old me.
Alright, so anybody else have anything they want to say here during the first little bit of show?
I actually have been going on a while now, but anybody else have something we want to add to the conversation going on right now?
Um, I'm cool.
Okay.
Everyone wants to be like me.
Okay.
Sure, Jamie.
Okay.
I'm just kidding.
I'm sorry.
Okay.
I think we're going to take a quick break, and we're going to start this break off with...
Guitar Freaks.
What?
Guitar Freaks.
What?
I can't hear.
Guitar Freaks.
I wanted to play one more song real fast, but since this is graduation week for a lot
of people and they are graduating high school and college, I thought I would play graduation.
Isn't that cute?
I'll go chill out in my ears as I watch it go down.
So this is dedicated to the class of 2003, oh since we are all ranty I suppose we should
do the FUs of the week next, so why don't you go ahead and send those to me over a private
message in the chat room my name is Sky and if you aren't in our chat room get
your ass over there www.calibomani.com click on orange lounge click on
chat yes what yes okay well graduation and then a couple guitar
freaks songs so this is to you class of 2003 all
Don't invest your job market.
People don't matter
Down around the corner, I head for my phone here
To see that long train run, watch them disappear
Without love, where would you be now?
Without love
You know they're running late, without love Where would you be now, nah, nah, nah Without
And the wheels go round and round, and the steel rail back holding hard, and the miles
as they go down.
What you got now?
Without love
Without love
Where would you be now?
Oh
Orange Lounge Radio is proud to present a celebrity interview.
Can you introduce yourself for our listeners?
I'm Miss Cleo.
Oh, it's great to have you on the show today.
Hello, how are you today?
I'm great, thanks.
Did you have a question?
Well, yes, actually I wanted to know...
Can I please have your first name only and your birthdate, please?
Uh, well, no, I actually just wanted to know what you thought of Orange Lounge Radio.
Alright, go ahead.
Well, what do you think of Loki, one of the three hosts of Orange Lounge Radio?
Is he incarcerated?
Uh, actually, no he's not, but what do you think of the ever-ranty dark sakura?
Hi, dear, how are you? I love you.
I see you two must know each other. Well, what do you think of Sky?
Did he used to play football when he was in high school?
Well, actually, no he didn't.
Ha ha ha ha!
Well, what do you think of Intern Zero?
I want you to really remember the pill, all right?
I'm seeing some forgetting, possibly.
And I'm seeing a new baby in the next three months.
right okay well thanks for being on orange lounge radio today
um i i don't mean to sidetrack your question here but
who are all of these nosy people outside influences i'm seeing around you by the
moon card get away from me orange lounge radio
helping to free your mind and spirit i'm miss cleo i love you
we are back you're listening to episode number 47 not 48
Hello?
Huh huh?
We hope you enjoy our cheesy little promos.
Uh, Jamie threatened in her live journal today to make some new ones this week. I'm excited.
I did?
Yeah, you said you wanted to make a promo.
Oh, that's right. I did.
Hey, go for it, dude.
The dudette.
Jamie.
Okay.
I want to make a couple more celebrity interviews, too. I gotta call some people and get more celebrity interviews.
Cause that was fun interviewing Miss Cleo.
I might try to get some mufflers.
She's... Hey, hey, hey, hey! Stop it with some gibber!
Oh, yeah! Actually, Brad does a really good impression of myself.
I am very sad. Why? Because Miss Elizabeth is dead. Who's Miss Elizabeth?
She was much of his wife, like, in the 80s.
I don't follow wrestling.
And they have what you really can't stand. What? What?
We're doing wrestling drama. Oh, alright, alright. Whatever.
Shall we get to the FUs of the Week?
Yeah.
Do you want the new song?
New.
You want the new one?
Alright.
Here we go.
It is now FU of the Week time.
And what is this FU of the Week thing all about, Jamie?
Where we get pissed off and tell you about it.
The first one goes towards the stupid bit she was in front of me driving.
She was obviously drunk and she would, true to the law says you have to stop a full car
link behind the person in front of you at a stop light, but who follows that anyway?
And she was stopping and then she was like driving all twitchy so I just had to speed
around her.
She was just stupid.
And then her question in the seat next to her was obviously on E. She kept putting her
hands in the air and then trying to hug the girl in the front seat.
And then, uh, it's like having SARS.
The whole beginning of this week I was so sick, it was my allergies.
And thanks to, uh, free gifts from Allegra and Claritin B, I was all better.
But yeah, it sucked.
I didn't have a voice, but I work in freaking customer service, so what's up?
And then another one goes to not having, you know, money and stuff, and my breaks, which
grind.
And I think that's about it.
I'm not really all that angsty that machine works, that's my life, that's sort of happy
right now.
Aww, that's so cute, bleh.
Bite my ass, fuck you.
See, I can get you ready.
And another one goes to Rob, and another one goes toward all of these communities I'm a
member of, just about, in my life journal, because I'm taking them all off, because people
just post really stupid stuff.
I'm leaving up the DDR and Bamani communities, but like, you know, this has been some stupid
I'm on this roleplay board, and there's this guy being all god-mode-y, I hate god mode
RPG players hate it when especially when you're not doing anything with a set
combat-based rule and he's like oh I just had me appear there and you're blah
blah blah I'm like okay and wearing a professional suit and then feels like
well you've been here a month ago you wouldn't know blah blah blah okay so he
got smacked down by one of the admins on the board so that made me feel all happy
and justified and I couldn't help rubbing his nose in it so did he have an
ogre slaying knife maybe that's why I got an ogre slaying knife as a plus
money against ogres you're not even there you're getting drunk okay no no it
wasn't that he's just being stupid I I really really and I another thing
people who have their live journals and cannot use paragraphs or complete
sentences unless you're doing it on purpose and that that's the case stop
all right there and the city's people are really you know nice be a really
nice going out over here great people that I know I love you to death but
please use grammatically correct sentence structure when you post in your
live journal and also for people who put humongous posts you know I understand
that's fine I do it too but there's such a feature called LJ cut it's a really
easy girl to remember. You can even go onto the FAQ page and cut and paste. Wow! Do it!
Okay, I'm done. Wow. I could name names, but I won't. I'll just tell them their face later.
Logie. Sorry for messing with the phone. I forgot to connect it through the sound board.
Yeah, we want to hear your conversation that you're going to have. I was trying to, because
I fixed something. I was seeing if it worked. I was calling my voicemail to see if it could
as if it left a message that meant the phones were working.
So Matt's first fuck you goes to Brad.
No, I'm not that mad this week, actually.
Um, first, uh, slight, okay.
First F.U. of the week, not really an F.U. of the week,
kind of like I'm laughing at you because you're stupid type of thing.
Um, I'm gonna laugh at, uh, the stupid bitch that I mentioned last week.
Because, hi, you're licensed, you have to take a picture.
You have to take the stupid veil off, you stupid bastard.
Go home! Go back to your country, you freaking Al-Qaeda!
Anyway, so, um, enough of that, and, um, let's see, what else?
Um, I have to use the stupid phone program in that war game because I can hear the phone, but I can't talk.
I mean, it's kind of cool and all, but I like to talk, and that would be cool.
Uh, what else?
Um, I don't know, that's good for not having that many good files coming out lately, freaking sim files.
Um, also the fact that terrible Mr. Grinshaw was out today. Oh yeah, terrible Mr. Grinshaw came out today, yay.
Um, also all these phone programs that are, you know, for making phone calls on your PC that claim to be free, but they're not.
I hate that. Why even say they're free if you're not going to make them free if you have to pay money to use the phone for free?
I don't know. I'm not that smart and all, but paying money to use the phone for free is just paying to use the phone.
That's like saying, well, you're paying the 35 cents to use the pay phone as a right to use the phone for free. Makes no sense.
That's it. I really didn't have anything because I've been kind of like busy with other stuff. Yeah, I just really haven't been paying attention.
My F.U. of the week goes to X's that screw your friend in the shower message. Short symbol to the point.
What's your point?
Brad, anything?
Sorry about that, Ross.
That's alright, it happens.
No hard feelings there.
He just didn't fall into the penis.
Let's not drag it out.
It's true.
His hand landed there.
Twenty-five.
Twenty-five.
Up and down.
Okay, um, I'm glad Loki brought that up about the crazy
lady who won't take her veil off because I wanted to expound on that, that's a word right?
Hold on, hold on, before Matt gives it, because I wanted to say something last time you brought
up like two weeks ago and I forgot and I think it really does it justice, I don't know if
people know but in this country, especially in California, just anywhere in the country
in America, driving, having a driver's license is a privilege, not a right. You don't have
the right to have a driver's license, it's something you have to strive to get, you know,
have to go do it and it's just a privilege so if you're not you know you can't fucking sue
i don't know if they are suing but i would be surprised they're trying to sue the country for
not letting her have her fucking license picture taken or having a license but you can't do that
because it's not your right we're not infringing on your rights as an american or as a as a
alien legal alien or as an alien because it's not your right to have a license fucking follow the
rules. Retard. Oh, and another thing. All these people who are crossing the border from
Mexico and stuff, who are getting killed because they're breaking the law. No, I'm not racist,
I'm just saying. We have a law that says you can't try to, you know, you have to come in
an illegal way. If you do it illegally, you're a criminal. And if you are a criminal by doing
it illegally and you get hurt doing it, you can't sue our country, which has been happening.
Because you're, you're a freaking criminal in the first place for breaking an American
I don't know.
I'm...
Ugh!
Anger.
Okay.
What did you say, Matt?
Uh...
MTV Music Awards are on.
Anyways, um, no.
My Effie of the Week, actually, I forgot, is for stupid movie sequels.
For God's sake, stop making stupid...
I'm kidding.
Stop making Brad get to sing.
Like, for instance, Legally Blonde 2.
I didn't want to watch Legally Blonde 2.
I didn't want to watch Legally Blonde 1. I don't want to see a sequel of it.
They're talking about making it Back to the Future IV.
They ended it fine, and now they're making it Back to the Future IV.
Back to the Future IV.
Not only will the two directors not be back for it, but Christopher Lloyd and Michael J. Fox will not be in it.
Oh, I was going to say, maybe-
And it might be animated.
I was going to say, does he go back in time when he didn't have Parkinson's disease or whatever?
I was supposed to go back to 1985, but my hand was shaking so much that I went to 38.5.
It was a hijinks that ensued.
This is wacky fun for the family.
You said hijinks, that's funny.
Yeah, he wouldn't be so good at that gun game anymore.
Yeah.
What?
Uh, yeah, I'm done.
Wouldn't a superhero movie with Christopher Reeve and Michael J. Fox be great?
It would be The Adventures of Handyman and the Tiny Avenger.
Alright, um...
Uh, let's see, Rice Princess, do you have anything you'd like to, uh, F you today?
I don't really have anything that I'm post-op about. Can I do a love you of the week?
Yeah, you can do a love of the week. Do we have love yous of the week?
Yeah, sure, why not? I give my love you to Rob because he bought me that Dog of Glee notebook and it was so cute. Thank you so much. It was so great.
Oh, it's the Movie Awards or whatever?
They're parodying the Matrix here at the Movie Awards.
And I love you too Brad, cause he's cool.
Aww.
I love you too. This is really weird.
And they have Wanda Sykes as the Oracle.
Matt? Matt?
Matt turned on the MTV Awards Matrix thing.
Justin Timberlake is some sort of like...
I wanted to see this. For the Movie Awards this year, they did a parody of the Matrix reload.
And I really wanted to see this. I'm sorry that I've broken the FUs. I'm sure people can go ahead and, uh, yeah.
Well, let's continue on with the FUs.
FU to the MTV Movie Awards, Paul Sham.
Justin's really dancing. Like, he's doing the Matrix stuff. He's dancing.
Alright, uh, let's go to the chatroom FUs. Are you done with your, uh, love yous, Irene? Okay.
Let's go to the chatroom FUs, shall we?
would like to say or black lab I should say would like to say fuck the ants that
invaded my bathroom fuck every single cazal winmx user my dorm for hogging
all the bandwidth even at 3 a.m. and making my games play like shit online
fuck my ex-roommate for leaving a pile of garbage outside the window of the
suite living room now I have to clean it up because this lazy ass won't fuck
finals fuck you for not setting the webcam up hey fuck you buddy
Muhaimer would like to say fuck the Matrix for ending out of nowhere.
I don't feel like waiting until November because it was so good.
Fuck the Six Flags near me because they had to get rid of their four extremes because some bitch complained about the word bitch in it.
Okay, nobody even heard that at all.
I'm sorry, we're kind of sidetracked by watching Sean William Scott playing Mr. or I'm sorry, Agent Smith.
I want to come back to that later and make a little topic out of that. That was interesting
this is
Really stupid. Okay. Anyway, hi
Fuck exams this week and I don't normally say this because there is a reasoning for exams
But everyone is running around like chickens without dicks trying to remember everything and it's really annoying. So fuck them
I have no FUs actually, just the happy news about the female that has contacted me over
the past week you can go sit in Irene's corner well if you were listening to me
you'd know so near minst would like to say just one this week but it seems to
be constant fu to my dial-up connection sorry bud which there was more we could
do for you John Fields would like to say fu to IBM for making a floppy disk type
called XDF that windows can't read or if you to having to move into a condo
because of a divorce.
F you to the pains of cleaning out a house.
And lastly, huge F you to Dell, because my 19 inch CRT died.
And not only that, but so did my DVD plus RW drive.
It won't burn DVD-R anymore.
Oh sure, RW works fine, but R is much cheaper.
F you Dell.
You better fix this stuff for free because of my warranty
when I call you tomorrow.
It says O after that.
I think you meant to type or else.
Dude, you're getting a broken Dell.
Dude, you're getting a dump.
Anyway.
F you to summer school, says Nico Adachi.
That would suck if you have to go to summer school, I'm sorry.
Akuma GM would like to say F you to my infernal MP3 player that decided to go on the blink.
You used to work so well until you started to skip for no reason.
Did you set MP3 player I stab at thee?
Why didn't any of you play anyway? I should just get a CD player that can read MP3s on a CD.
You know, I don't read minds.
I would just like to share.
Alright, moving right along, we have the 23rd Magus's FUs.
FU to graduation rehearsal.
Four hours stuck in the football field in the hot sun, just because 200 fucking seniors can't walk and step.
It's Johnson, so they have to pimp strut.
Sun burnination.
That's a new word.
new word. F U to me for being such a damn glutton and ordering the biggest sundae they
have at leather bees in celebration. Perps. F U to summer visitation. I don't want to
go to Kentucky. God damn it. Looks for lawyers, damnedest they are.
DDR Angel would like to say F U to the egotistical bitch co-worker for making me work for her
tomorrow. Oh wait, more money for me. Well, still F U to her for being an egotistical
I'm doing the show by myself right now, apparently, because the others have more important things to watch.
Oh, Rob, I'm listening. I'm adding to the show, I think.
Oh, that was funny. Ha ha ha.
I'm kidding.
Hey, Rob, I think we should go to a break.
No, that's okay. I'm still waiting for one more F.U. to come in.
I'm just gonna wait one more time, and I'm gonna uncheck my world of pain all over your candy ass!
Ergo!
Feast of me, concordantly!
Justin?
Yeah?
I apologize.
So we'll be back after this potpourri of Bahmani music. Enjoy boys and girls.
I'm drunk and afraid from a little bit's diming
Who knows how to dance in such a timing
There's black lights starring no coke floor
So what?
A council fighter in a disco
He's out to take his chance
He knows the runny's in the house
Only coke for romance
What's the floor?
He's got a white suit on
Fight's passed on
And the night has just begun
It's when he lays it on with his style
A ladies mad with a nice smile
The night before his eyes
He's a pretty old thing lookin' real swell
He wants to make me score
so he takes a hribe and leads her to the dance floor
He's even in line after line
She tells you that he looking real fine
Cause he's a man perfect cheerful
like a
yeah
yeah
yeah
good
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
You told me once that you loved me You said that I was the only one
It's up and down but now I know You're the friend that I love
You're acting with me, what a fireboy
You're laughing around with you long
And now you're gonna face the good life, boy
I'm gonna put you back down
I'm gonna hit you up, freak you out
Run your right hand to the ground
I'm gonna wind you up, turn you on
Turn all your secrets right down
I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna I'm gonna, I'm gonna get it
I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna get it
I'm gonna beat you up beat you up lose when you run into the ground
I'm gonna, I'm gonna, beat you up
I'm gonna, want you turned up when you run out
I'm gonna, gonna, beat you up
I'm gonna make you laugh, make you laugh
And when you're right, make you laugh
I feel, I feel, I feel, You are the only one that's a bit of a queen
I feel, I feel, I feel, you are the only one, let me feel this way
Easier to dance to than that freaking catch-up song, Orange Lounge Radio.
We are back, and you are listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
And Brad's flashing me liquor. He wants me to start drinking. You know, I already got pretty toasty last night.
I don't know if I need to get drunk again. We'll see.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I can have one. I'm not going to go outside. You know what, Brad, bring me one.
I can have one. One will loosen me up a little bit. One or two or ten.
Usually with Rob, one leads to two or four, eight, twenty-seven.
Don't carry an open container in the car.
Yeah, you can take one home with you.
I don't want to drink something before I'm driving.
I'm responsible.
Don't drink and do radio, kids.
I'm not underage.
If you're underage, you must have your parent's permission to drink.
Although people at restaurants seem to think that I'm like 18.
I don't look 18.
Have you ever been carded in an R-rated movie?
Yes. That shit would piss me off. How did you
you look like... Oh! What? Oh!
I have good news. Uh-oh. This is more centered toward
Loki. Remember when we went to see The Matrix?
And remember that crap with the thing and the credits? Guess what?
I got six bucks from the movie theater
And a two dollar off coupon. How'd you get six bucks? I gave them my ticket and told them what happened
You should do that. You'll get money
They turned on the lights and turned on and into the movie
And then they turned it back on but didn't they turn the lights off
You mean like before the trailer came on like during the credits of the end, right?
Alright, so when Mara and Sean was in town, we went to see X-Men 2.
And so I was just thinking, you know, so I have that ticket, and I personally wonder if they would, you know, give me like a movie pass or something.
So I went and told them about it, and they gave me money off of another movie ticket, and then they gave me money.
Cool.
I'm like, okay, you should totally take your ticket there.
It's like we never saw the movie because they never tore our tickets.
Yeah, we just walked right by them because we got their, like, I guess there was this, what happened was we were thinking,
I was thinking of getting fan dango tickets the night before, buying one line but I was
like, you know what, maybe there will be I don't know.
I don't want to wait in line at a huge line if a whole bunch of people bought fandango
tickets or whatever.
Because then you have to wait in a fandango tickets, or whatever, you know?
I went there early and there have to be two other showings happening that weren't pulled
the night before.
We got these two howings that nobody had tickets for because everybody bought fandango tickets.
And so we went in there, and there was no, what do you call the person who PLAYED THE
PHOTOGRAPHER SO
And there was no, what do you call them, the person who, the chauffeur taking the tickets.
So we just walked in there. We could have like, I don't know, probably gone and seen another movie or, I'm sure that's what you call them.
Gotten chauffeur. Yeah, thanks James or Jeeves or whatever.
So I don't know, we could probably have sold the tickets, I don't know.
You can't use it for a new movie, but any movie that's already out.
But it's a 2, or a 1 car.
Anyway, moving right along, do we want to get in the cage match or does anybody else have something they want to say?
Do you not have a song still? Because your song is first, buddy.
No, I don't have anything yet.
I thought you had the vinyl you wanted to do.
I did?
Oh, yeah.
You gonna do that?
Yeah, I'll do that.
All right.
You have first, bud, so get that vinyl out.
Sounds a lot crazier than...
You know what they have in Ragnarok?
What do they have in Ragnarok?
The two hats.
Yeah.
hat today someone was selling one you walk around with a stop sign on your
head and then there's a mask that makes you gothy yeah I like I like the pretend
murder it's a giant knife in your head you walk around with a knife in your
head and there's one that's an apple with an arrow in your head so you can be
arrowed but I want imperium not really I fell in first 625,000 but I want
imperium so I can start a guild and call it I own I kick your ass guild or like
battle royale which is my party's name okay we ready for cage match mm-hmm all
right last week in the orange lounge cage match for the fourth week Loki's
pick from the matrix reloaded soundtrack Mona Lisa overdrive one they all know
how it goes once again so here it is one last time a little piece of it Mona Lisa
overdrive because guess what kids when this song is in rotation for weeks it is
retired it we're like TRL up in this shit so here's a little clip of Mona Lisa
overdrive and it's retirement
I'm gonna skip her out sorry
That's it. It's gone. So, all right. That was Mona Lisa Overdrive and it's out. So,
all three of us have brand new picks this week because Mona Lisa Overdrive may no longer
participate. Do you need a little more time, Loki? Because I have some late FUs I can read.
He needs a little more time, so I'm gonna read some late FUs.
Oh, you're good?
Well, I need to do these anyways. I'm gonna read some late FUs.
So, late FUs. Shame on you for being late.
Alright, I have way too much fun with those sound clips.
Okay, um, late FUs.
From Nintz, FU to my connection, because I didn't get to hear my first FU.
What?
Because I take my socks off a little.
A lot.
Anyway.
I have to go through a proxy server to access the chatroom.
ISPs are dumb that block sites.
F you to not having broadband.
I'm actually sad now that I'm leaving high school so F you to heading out to real life.
It's been great hanging out with all you great people but now we're going to go our separate
way.
Aww.
F you to the people at the LAN party yesterday who just wanted to play the fastest map possible on Starcraft.
You're dumb. Stop using noobs maps and try to beat me because you don't know how to play a strategy game.
And F you to them at Counter Strike. Just using the AWP shows you have no skill.
Girls, please, I'm begging you, will you please stop ignoring me when I talk to you, please?
Don't talk to me when I'm doing F you. I'm done now.
Give me a tool case.
You want a tool case?
Or a sleeve or something.
Like a big one or a little one?
Little one.
I don't know where one is. Over here, you guys.
How about here?
Alright. So, back to the cage match.
I love that sound effect. Alright.
This week in the Orange Launch Cage Match, now that Mona Lisa Overdrive has been retired, Loki's up first. Loki, tell us about your pick! This should be great.
This is from our girlfriend because she loves Donna Summers and it's the song, I'd say that
Donna Summers is like, well obviously she'd be like the erotic, like the 70's and stuff,
70's age.
Anyways, this song is Love to Love You Baby.
I believe it's been featured in a few movies and stuff.
It's also not one of my stronger picks because you know, I gotta give the other people some
chance you know so here we go love to love you baby all right here it is love
Love you, baby
You're breathing with me
Yeah, oh
I love you like a baby
I love you like a baby
I love you like a baby
Do it to me again and again
You put me in sunshine
I put skin in my skin
Oh
Oh, I'd love to love you, baby
I'd love to love you, baby
Oh, I'd love to love you, baby
Oh, I'd love to love you, baby
Oh, I'd love to love you, baby
Oh, oh I'd love to love you, baby
70 baby, 80 baby, 90 baby given that whole life
90 baby, 100 baby baby, 100 baby baby baby
Yay!
I like Donna Summer, she did a good version of MacArthur Park, which was later parodied
into Jurassic Park, and she did Bad Girls, remember, she did Bad Girls?
Second Mix.
Yup.
Well, her version wasn't in Second Mix, but she did Bad Girls.
But anyway.
But that song, you can't disco to it, okay, it's only, and it's too slow to get like a
good, you know, you know, set music, hello, did you not notice the moaning in the background?
But that would not be any good for sex either. It's too slow.
It's good for anal music. Studio 54 music, eh? Right?
Cause back then that's what they listened to in their effects, right?
Okay, the only thing that would make that good for like...
Like even... What were you saying it was good for? Anal?
Yeah.
If the person was constipated.
Okay.
On a station one to... On a station. On a scale of one to ten?
Three. Just because it gets a little bit of good because Donna Summer has a very nice voice.
Yes she does.
But her moaning needs to go.
Uh, Lanky style. Your thoughts?
Oh, I'm here.
My rating for it probably has like a song. I give it, you know, for what it does in its genre. I think it's pretty good. It's eight.
But for being on our station, I give it a 2. It should not be on Orange Lounge.
Poo!
Alright.
Poo that.
Rice Princess.
This song sucks. It was way boring.
Loki!
What did you do to my chair?
It's like all breaking.
Anyways...
Um, I give it an 8, because it's the best damn sex music that's on this record.
And, uh, you have to understand, it's sex making out music, it's not meant to be dancing.
You don't dance while you're supposed to be having sex.
That's just like wanting to watch TV instead of having sex.
Well, that's different, okay? That had more of an upbeat to it, okay?
And they knew that they were there to dance and fuck. I mean, it's like Studio 54.
before. I have two words for that song. It's not a word, it's a sound clip. I'd rather
listen to the Dance Dance Fuck music than that. No, it was okay. That's what my next
week's cage match pick is going to be. The moaning was cool, I'll give it that, but otherwise
I'm glad that I no longer have the crappiest cage match pick in Orange Lounge history,
So thank you for that.
So for that I give you, I won't give you a one, I'll give you a two.
I didn't even try to find bad, if you want me to find bad, oh man, that's alright, that's
alright.
Alright, speaking of my pick, let's get to my pick for this week.
This is a little trancy song, this is an artist that was suggested to me on the Sacromani
boards, so thank you for the suggestion, I like this song, I like this artist, and hopefully
all you do too.
This is this is my cage match picks of the pick of the week. This is know me with you. Enjoy
I lay my hand on you, you
If I never understand my jealousy Don't cover your eyes and the color inside your heart
If I ever say to you without calling me
I'm gonna search up for what I've got reasons to live apart
You, nothing but you
The reason for living, I lay my love on you
You, nothing but you
But come to me
I lay my hand on you
You
Nothing but you, they're even for living I lay my love on you, you
Nothing but you
The calling you've been
I lay my hand on you
You
All right that was
My pick for the case match this week that was know me with you
And I don't think anyone in here was listening, but I listen let's see anyway
It was boring Jamie would you thought it was boring because I need to sleep it gets so it's pretty
So it gets like a seven, but it made me sleepy. I made you sleepy all right anyone else want to comment on know me you
Eh. Eh, three. It was kind of boring.
Place some good stuff on there.
Alright, Brad.
What are you talking about playing good stuff? Orange Lounge means crap.
Crap radio, crap music. Thanks for listening, everybody.
Um, doing alright. This is mediocre. I'd say seven.
It was okay. It started off good for like 5 seconds. Damn, my poster is all fucked up!
So then, yeah, it was alright. It was like, I don't know, 5 I guess.
I was just gonna say, they're lucky that I played the Donna Summer song because Rob was suggesting that I play Party All Time by Eddie Murphy.
Eddie Murphy, so I'd be glad. I have plenty of other really shitty records that I could have played.
My song was fabulous, as it always is, and it'll be the sleeper hit of Orange Lounge 2003 gets a 10.
Next!
Alright, next. Jamie, would you be kind enough to intro your pick for us?
Fantastic Plastic Machine would take me to the disco.
And what else did they do?
They did Beautiful Days and BeatMania CDX. Buy their album, it's called Beautiful, it's released in the US.
get it at half that composite dollars all right here it is this is what is the
name again take me to the disco I think it's disco app at something oh it is
disco at the end of the world oh that's it just cuz you know well they do a song
called take me to the disco all right I thought that's all right we forgive you
It's VSCO at the end of the world by Fantastic Plastic Machines.
and enjoy
Dancing on the disco at the end of the world
Dancing on the disco at the end of the world
Dancing down the stairs, go have the info, go on
The end of the world
The end of the world
Everybody stand up and do what I'ma do
Everybody stand up and do what I'ma do
Everybody's dancing till the end of the world
Everybody's dancing till the end of the world
Take me to the disco, take me to the disco
Take me to the disco, take me to the disco
Dancing at the disco at the end of the world
Alright, a fantastic plastic machine with disco at the end of the world.
Let's hear what folks thought.
I'll have to bring you a copy of the original, um, Take Me to the Disco.
Just because it's like, you'll hear what parts they took to make that.
It's like a weird remix of the song, which, for me, I think this is kind of neat to play Ragnarok to that music.
So, I give it an 8 myself, just because it's one of my neat little things I listen to when I'm bored.
Alrighty. Mike, you sound?
Um, hard to say. Maybe it's just a little too repetitive for me, so I'd have to probably give it, like, a 6.
And also, you know, Beautiful Days is so much better than that song. I guess I've been jaded by that song.
Bryce Princess.
It was way better than the crap that you played the last two songs, so I give it a 7.
Alright, Loki.
Eh.
And on a scale of 1 to 10.
Eh.
Alright, um, I found myself bopping my head to it a little bit, kind of like a Night at the Rock's Berry type thing, so that was pretty cool.
I agree it did get maybe a little bit repetitive, but not too bad.
I don't know. I could put up with it. I could put up for maybe three minutes of it, just not four.
But it was still pretty cool, so I give it a... I give it an eight. Why not?
Okay, so let's run through the three songs you can vote for one more time, and then you can send your votes in over private message to Skye in the chat room.
Here they are. You can vote for Donna Summer with... What the hell was that called?
I'd love to love you, baby. Play a little clip for me. Just drop it in the middle and it starts.
Here we go. Oh yeah.
Alright, that's Donna Summer with Love to Love You Baby. Or you can vote for Nomi with You.
or you can vote for a fantastic plastic machine with disco at the end of the world
alright so there they are send in your votes now
the voting is open now so send those votes to Skye in the chat room
Write in candidates for a song that was not played as one of those three will be thrown out and you cannot vote again and we will taunt you and make fun of you openly on the show.
And then we'll find you and start drawing on you.
We will wiggle our private parts in your general direction.
Your mother was a hamster and your father smelled of elderberries.
And don't threaten to not vote for anything because we've already gotten one vote so we have a winner either way.
So if it comes down to one vote then I guess it'll be a one vote win.
Fine by me. Because we're evil dictators, and we always get our way.
Either evil dictators or just evil dicks, I don't know.
That's right.
Okay, so...
Rob, by the way, you need to get rid of the Furby, okay?
The Furby? I love my Furby!
You need to put the Furby in the back.
My Furby's cool.
Yes! Give me!
Oh no.
Now the ferret's coming.
It was the coyote.
The coyote?
Yeah, it's like the desert dog.
It's the ferret coyote.
Very interesting.
I have to stop drinking now because I have to run to the store after the show's over.
Aww.
I know, I've only had one, I've only had half a bottle, but I need to stop, I need to let my system process it, so.
Hey, let's, let's do listless.
Let's do listless? We can't, um, we gotta find paper and pencil, which I don't know.
So let's do a quick break while we find paper and pencil.
We gotta, we just braked with a bunch of music, so I feel like we've gotta talk about something.
I'll find paper!
We gotta talk about something.
Where?
Where all the printer paper is in the box, there's printer paper.
Oh!
Yay!
I have something I do want to talk about because I haven't been to Scandia yet since they've
done this, but apparently, and I never knew this about 2DX machines, but, and I wish Brad
was here to hear it, but he's not, that's fine.
The thing about 2DX machines, I guess, is that they have like an S video output and
a VGA output.
And for the longest time at Scandi in Sacramento, where
Orange Lounge is headquartered in Sacramento, they've been
using S-Video, and it's been kind of blurry.
I mean, it's been playable.
It's been very playable, but a little bit blurry.
You don't get quite that crystal clearness that you get
when you play it at home.
But now they've switched over to VGA, and I guess a lot of
people really like the differences.
So I haven't seen the differences myself, but what
do you guys think of it, like the difference
between S-Video and VGA?
It's nice to be able to see everything, like all the
options you picked and stuff like that you know like light 770 and stuff like
that it's a bit bright for me I don't know maybe I'm just I thought maybe it
was darker before but it was just a little bit brighter for me but otherwise
you know it's kind of the same for me I guess I don't really notice that kind of
stuff you know too much so it makes no difference when you're playing at higher
speed you can see your keys a lot clearly um the color needs a little bit
It's not as bad as, say, like, AI's machine was before, you know, with the discoloration.
It's just slightly off, like, the contrast needs to be adjusted, but since the menus are all in Japanese, it might be a little bit hard to read.
They changed over, yeah.
Am I the only person who notices that it looks better?
Yeah, I've noticed it better.
Okay, I just, all I've...
I'm sorry, I just came out of the bathroom, so I missed something, but it looks like everybody I've seen so far has said that it looks like crap.
it's been like really discolored and stuff you know I think before it was
discolored now it looks clear I can play almost anything on high-speed 3 with
like no problem except of course like stocks are at max 300 and stuff I mean
it looks way better I don't know I miss I'm weird even on a high speed it looks
great
played lab during the last break yeah we already heard about the labs good so
Play it again.
No.
Although the act from night is pretty much just lab.
It's got like a kind of a, well not a similar video.
It's like an anime girl like running.
Like a CG anime-ish girl.
It's pretty cool.
Hey I've already had to throw out two votes for cage match.
Pretty cool huh?
Any reason why?
Yes, they both voted for Rob's voice to game.
There's such a retard.
Oh, was that my outside world talking? I'm sorry.
You know we have some listeners who are some real retards.
We love you.
We love you, but you lose.
Rules are rules.
Exactly, we love you like our retarded children.
You know, we have to love you.
The state says we have to.
You keep it in the attic?
They're the special ones we keep in the attic.
Or the basement.
But we take them out of the basement when it rains.
Because, you know, if they get sick, then we have to sort of take them to the doctor and...
Oh, but when they say something! Oh.
I think the CDs are cool because you can see the spindles in them.
All distorted-y. Anyway.
Ah, retarded kids are already broke, so I mean, we'll...
We don't really take them anywhere. You can't really tell the difference, you know?
Especially if you have, like, any blows to the head or anything, you know, and, you know, think that they might give you damage and you're shook, then you forgot, and you're like, oh, that's right, that was like that before you got hit in the head.
Now the chat room's getting defensive.
Since when did you guys start taking things we say seriously? Seriously, you guys, seriously. Don't take things seriously.
Look at the cow, look at the cow, it says bark, bark, bark. Woo! It's bark cow!
I don't know, I think it's the upstairs, uh, I think it's the upstairs neighbors.
Our neighbors are pissed at us because we're making retarded jokes.
They didn't like those cage mat pics either.
Yeah, exactly.
Okay, well they've been like totally banging on the like ceiling.
I don't know, like, earlier today it sounded like someone jumped off the couch or whatever and landed on a floor.
I don't know what they're doing upstairs, but.
Isn't that like an older lady? Like a 60 year old?
It's an older lady and her daughter.
Is she having sex or something?
No, it's her daughter.
No, it's a normal lady and her daughter, I think it's their daughter.
But like, I hear hanging on the walls all the time.
Really? You ever see they live?
Yeah, that's awesome.
Wasn't it the one with the cat? No, that wasn't with the aliens.
Kinda, yeah.
All I'm saying is-
All the cats could see that they were aliens?
No, no, no.
What was busy was that?
No, it wasn't Cat's Eye.
All I'm saying is they can go suck it because it's before 10 and, you know, yeah.
Invaders from Mars?
Mike, please.
What?
We were talking about, that was the one with the spheres, they take the energy out of their body.
I mean, I haven't seen that movie in forever, and I couldn't remember what that movie was, thank you.
But no, this was a different movie with the mother and her son, and they were, like, fucking...
The cats could see that they were really alien or demon or something, and then the cats killed them in the movie.
Oh, Dark Tetsuya had a good idea.
What?
It says that the upstairs folks might be playing world-class track meet.
You remember on the Nintendo?
No, they're playing Dance Aerobics.
Woot woot, Dark Tetsuya.
I think he gets an honorary zing for that.
That was like a half zing.
That was a Z.
He gets a coyote.
He gets a non-retardant.
He's our official non-retardant.
The rest of you are retards, but this is cool.
Happy Ferret!
I'm here to chew bubblegum and that's all.
And I'm all out of bubblegum, so I'm not doing anything. Goodbye.
God, I will never forget in Nintendo Power when they had that segment on like the kids who were having the slumber party and playing the Power Pad game or whatever.
They had like the red team and the yellow team and they were playing. Remember it was like this highlight on the Power Pad and kids having fun?
Sorry, I wasn't a dork.
Come on, come on, surely somebody remembers that. Surely.
I remember you telling me about submitting to be in some video game.
You submitted-
Shut up.
You're a dork.
Dude.
You're such a dork.
I wish we could get a power pad.
I remember Howard and Esther.
Do you have a power pad, Jamie?
Yes, I do.
You need to bring that shit over and we should have a world class track needed.
No, Rob.
Rob?
No.
No?
I'll bring over the power glove.
It's so bad.
No, I remember Howard and Esther.
Actually, I'll try to find it. There's an archive that has almost every Howard and Nester comic online.
I remember seeing that somewhere. You pointed it to me before, I think.
Long ass time ago.
Long ass time ago.
But I remember the Mega Man ones.
I like that Howard and Nester ones, but I want to find somebody who has scans of all the Zelda comics that were in the Nintendo Power,
because those were cool. And the Metroid ones, and the Star Fox ones, because they were all cool.
I think I have an archive that has the Zelda ones.
I still need to download episodes of the Zelda cartoon.
Well, excuse me, princess!
I remember, I had, before my computer died, I had the, um, the one where he was invisible.
When he, like, stands up in the middle of Ganon's chamber and goes,
Zelda loves me! Zelda loves me!
And then they all get shot at.
Yay! Quiet!
Sorry, we're gossiping.
Well, stop gossiping, dammit!
It's all about you too, bitch
What yeah this yeah, I can I suppose if I have to
Yeah a little bit
We need to be loud
Okay, we're gonna take a break and when we come back. We're gonna have listless. I
Didn't know they had a monkey pox virus. That's funny. Yeah, I was reading about that on AOL
They showed a picture of a prairie dog on there and the prairie dog like it was like the prairie dog of Satan
You are Monkey Pox!
It was making this face, Rob.
It was like-
It was like-
It was like-
For the second quarter of 2003, yes,
Monkey Pox will be the official virus
of Orange Challenge Radio.
Is it replacing SARS?
Yes it is.
So now Rob,
do you have Monkey Pox?
Monkey Pox!
Monkey Pox!
OK, well then, I guess on that note, why don't we head off to break, and when we come back,
we will announce this week's cage match winner, so this is your last chance to submit a vote,
unless you've already been disqualified, and when we come back, more show, and list lists,
so we're going to take up a chance to prepare our list lists for tonight.
So we'll be back.
And on that note...
Are you ready to dance into the night?
Letting go of your body was right there
You should reach on back
Under the moonlight
Love what lies, love what is evil, love what's me, I don't know why
Do and ask them these rules, pull yourself apart is what you need
Monkey dance, monkey dance, like a star
Shake your body down, step on the monkey stand
Let's dance together, hold on to your favorite hand
Monkey dance, monkey dance, let me share
Move your booty down, step on the monkey dance
Look at this kill, this is a resolution
Cribble, Cribble!
Orange Lounge Radio. We put your thing down, flip it, and reverse it.
It's the remit of the fighting ad number. It's the remit of the fighting ad number.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live, and I bet you're all dying to know who won tonight's cage match.
Yay.
Well, here it is, kids. Tonight's cage match winner is...
Drum roll, please.
It's a fantastic classic machine with disco at the end of the world.
It makes me want to shake my bootay.
What?
It makes me want to shake my bootay.
Shake your bootay.
So there it is.
Thank you for playing.
Hah!
No more Matrix!
Hah!
I didn't enter the Matrix into the frickin' contest.
My song would have been gone this week anyways.
So there.
I have had a sniff.
Alright.
So, um, what we decided to do this segment, Brad went out to go run an errand.
So, we're gonna hold off on listless until the next segment.
But, guess what we have tonight everybody. Are you ready, Irene?
Okay.
Lowkey, you're gonna have to be the timer since there's nobody else here.
So, you ready for this too?
You have to be a timer. Can you time 30 seconds?
Uh, I think I can.
Alright, good. Alright, hold on. I have to queue up the music here.
Hold on. Sorry.
I'm having a little problem finding the music. You know what? I need to put all the theme songs
like in a separate folder. Because my drive, if you haven't already
figured it out, is very dirty.
Now it's time for Orange Crush. It's everybody's favorite segment. It's Orange Crush. Who knows the most on Orange Crush. It's Rob vs. Jamie today on Orange Crush.
yep
all right
uh... shy lever to jamie that matter i'll go ahead and never want to holly
what i think you can tell me the nights or i guess i just have to go at the
weight until you come back you you silly at this one doesn't go all the way back
there so you know it to me
okay let me and then i'll pass the phone
he worked with me
okay
willing to you're done
Okay, is he ready?
Okay, are you ready, Matt?
Or just let me know.
Wait, wait, wait. No, no, no, no.
The name of this one is called
Destiny.
And it's questions about
Polydary.
How are you doing? Be so funny. Okay, tell me when you're ready, Matt.
Dun, dun, dun.
Okay, where was she
born and how old is she?
Italy, 25.
Okay, what is her mother's
Occupation. Opera singer. What is the name of her acid jazz band?
Polteri. What is her alter ego's name? Not Polteri. Where did she live until she was
16? Italy. Okay. Do I say how many you got right and wrong yet or do I wait? Time's up.
only got one right. Yay! Well, that's not bad, considering most of the time people usually
don't get a lot of them right. Now it's Rob's turn, thank you for saying. Should I leave?
Yeah. Okay. I'm not going to Rob's room, I'll go to Beth's room. Okay. I fear the room of
Rob. Okay, yeah. Just don't go potty because there's no time. Did you hear anything of
it all wrong no you're gonna love this okay tonight's theme okay how did Jamie
do she got one right oh no usually we don't get any right okay you're gonna
love this theme tonight's theme is destiny and their questions about
Okay, let me know when you're ready, Matt.
That's why it had to be Jamie and I.
Okay, where was she born and how old is she?
Ireland and 27.
Okay, what is her mother's occupation?
No, she was born in Australia.
What is her mother's occupation?
What is the name of her acid jazz band?
I don't know.
What is her alter ego's name?
Donna Summer.
Okay, where did she live until she was 16?
Australia.
Okay, is that it?
Okay.
Since your first answer was incorrect, that one doesn't count, the first question.
Oh, come on.
And it's a two-part question, which means it counts for one point, so you get a half point.
Oh, goodie.
What was that?
Okay.
Um.
Do we have to get Jamie in here too or?
Yeah, Jamie can come out.
Okay.
So you got a half a point.
Wait, I got a half point overall?
Yeah.
That sucks!
Yeah.
I don't like this game.
Wah.
I don't like games where Jamie beats me.
You're the only one.
You're the only one that doesn't like it.
You're like, Jamie, it's time to come out now.
Okay, is she up?
No, I think she's, you know.
Uh oh.
okay should I just
I don't know sure why not okay
well first question how old is she and where was she born she's 27 years old
oh wow and she was born in Australia but you said
Come on! You said Ireland or something first. I changed it.
Wham! Come on! My clit hurts. Is that the one she...
Fine I'll make it one you're still fine. Is that the one she got right?
No. Okay did you hear that Jamie? I threw a fit
Because I said Ireland at first for the first question, then I'm like, no, wait, Australia.
So I made I made her give it to me.
Okay. I know I was, he got one point anyway, and you got one point.
So you guys are tied anyway.
He would have gotten a half point.
Because I guess whatever.
I guess 27.
Anyway, yeah, so she's 27 years old.
And she's born in Australia.
Her mother is an opera singer, a famous opera singer at that.
Okay, and the acid jazz band.
she's a part of it's called cracker jam because she's white I guess her alter
egos naoki right close but no it's Sonia that's her alter egos name and she lived
oh god she lived in France until she was 16 I wonder she's just stupid oh god
yeah and other interesting fact she's married but she tells everyone she thought
Yeah, and she lives in Japan. Wow, that's it. That concludes another segment of Orange Crush.
Hold on, I have to get back to the computer so I can officially close out this segment.
That's like shitty Radio Rob.
That's the end of Orange Crush, Polteri really sucked on Orange Crush. One point for Rob, I don't care. Australia was the answer, not that country with red hair. Okay.
Okay.
I said Italy.
You said Italy?
I technically got one right because I said not polytary for her alter-ego.
Ah, true.
Aha!
Whatever.
So if you can get Australia, then I get not polytary.
You know what's your prize?
You get to listen to polytary music all night long.
You know what you can do?
Ah!
You know what you can do?
What?
Pick a key, please.
Pick a...
And stay in it.
So, did we learn something from tonight's Orange Crush segment?
It's actually kind of neat because now we know who to hold for ransom if we ever want
to have Paul Terry never sing again.
Excellent.
Thank you Irene, that was cool.
I love the Orange Crush segment, Irene.
How do you do your research for that?
So that we know where to look.
On a mic. On a mic. On a mic.
Quiet! Wow!
It's so, so quiet.
You know what? I got my Bjork tickets today and I have to sell them.
Why?
Because I'm going to go to Cyberbeat Nation too.
I want to go.
Where's she playing?
You want to go to Bjork?
Yeah.
I can't afford to pay me kickbacks on the tickets because I'm probably going to have to get the cost 100 bucks for two.
Yeah, it's a lot. So, I'm probably going to put them on eBay if none of my friends take them.
Just because I need to make my money back so I have money to spend in L.A.
When's the concert?
It is August 8th.
Where?
And at Pier 3032 in San Francisco.
I can't go to that anyway.
Classic Gaming Expo?
Oh, that's right. Yep, you're going to be at the Classic Gaming Expo.
Did you already register for that?
No.
Oh.
You're just going to show up at the door and go,
Hey!
Um, I'll talk to Xander.
Hey!
I'll talk to Xander about it, because I can't get a fan of me.
I can't get a fan of me.
Like, I don't care.
No.
Well, it's just because, you know, what's the point of going if I can't cosplay, so.
Um, what else was I going to say?
I don't remember.
Um, upcoming, yeah, Cyberbeat Nation 2, there's this little teaser.
They've been teasing it online.
They have a little teaser trailer.
Excuse me, it's out. And it's pretty cool.
They hint at that there's going to be perfect attacks, singles and doubles this time around. That should be interesting.
And freestyle, if I read this teaser correctly, they're saying any Bamani song you want.
Which makes me think they're going to do freestyle on a sim. That's just a guess, though. But that's the only way you could do it, right?
It'll never happen.
Why is that?
Because they're too dumb to find actual sim files, they're synced up correctly and then you'll have people go,
What is that thing?
Watch as you get an email in a couple of weeks.
Well, yeah, you're going to get an email. Hello, key help.
But actually, what if people were responsible for making their own sim files and bringing them in?
That's what I would have meant.
Oh my, that'll happen. That'll be awful.
If they're giving away another arcade machine, you can bet people will go to the distance to make it happen.
I think it could be successful.
Hell, at Shaft we ended up using a sim.
Because I'm cool and I'm the only one that can pull it off.
Only one anywhere that can pull it off.
No one will be able to do it except for me.
Me, me, me, me, me.
Oh, really now?
OK.
Segue into the Sims section. Okay, stuff that's going on. First off, you've got a
couple sites, you know, going through redesigns, you have Maniacs that's updating the site
and it looks pretty. You've got Turning Mix 4, which is ending their submissions
in four days, so if you have, if you've registered already, which you must have
if you're joining up, have your file done in four days, because I needed to get my
file then four days is not yet also there's rumored to be about 400 entries
they've got about 10 judges so it looks pretty cool they're gonna be doing them
like I believe release releasing a group of files every week and then voting on
those and then new set will come up and so on and so forth other than that we've
got let's see a few fun sim files came out like a terrible mr. Grimshaw good
check that one out for Monty Sims and really oh one more interesting bit of
information is not really sim related but it was on a sim site that I found it
DDR UK there's this guy who goes by the name Havok on there and he like I just
like me he has copies of their arcade disc but since you know you've got the
UK arcade disc he's got a dancing stage Euromix 2 disc and what's funny is he
He found some songs on the disc that weren't in the actual game itself.
And one of those songs would be from NSYNC, Bye Bye Bye.
And this is an official Konami song that was supposed to be in EuroMix 2, but never made
it in, or it's an unlock that, you know, obviously, because the EuroMix 2 site was never finished,
so you know, maybe they just never got around to releasing unlock codes for it, but he says
that's not the only song that's hidden in there too.
there's actually more than one song so I mean we're gonna find out in a few
weeks here that there's gonna be more and more songs and rumor that these
songs you know for some reason didn't appear in your mix too they might be in
your own x3 or the fact the license you might have been cut on them it's hard to
say but that is an official song that was supposed to be in your mix to bye
Bye bye bye.
So.
Yeah.
Rob.
And Lisa.
See, I have to listen to people play the light FM.
See, I thought I got away from it when I lost my job.
But no, people played around me all the time now.
Guess what though?
What?
I get them back by playing, um, I'm gonna make a CD tonight picked to work.
Uh huh.
Of Hair Rock.
Cool.
Poison Motley Crue, Guns N' Roses.
Walk this way!
And Tesla.
Walk this way!
And then they have to put up with my tramp.
And everyone leaves the office when I'm working my overtime, so I turn up my tramp CD.
What a cool- We can't hear you, Irene.
I play Orange Lounge all day every day because they let me listen to it and they don't care.
It's funny because, you know, when you play, like, Highs Off You or, you know, any other song that says, like, bug or shit, you know.
Like, some will be a fact thing next to me and you'll say that and, la la la la, no one cares. So, yeah.
You can't even understand it in Highs Off You. You can't understand the I feel in that song.
This is actually a good segue, because I wanted to go back. You guys weren't paying attention because you were watching the Matrix thing, but Muhimer had a pretty interesting F.U. of the week, so I want to read this again.
He said...
Welcome back!
So, I wanted to go back to Muhimer's Fuck You of the Week. This is interesting. He said, this is a part of it, he says,
Fuck the six flags near me, because they had to get rid of their four extremes, because some bitch complained about the word bitch in it.
Really?
What are you guys thinking about?
Where?
BITCH!
Whoever took that out, you're a bitch.
Bitches are everywhere, you can't get away from them.
So just deal with it, okay?
Just like retarded kids and faggots.
The official term, or the technical term for them, are window lickers.
just like to say to that woman wait it's somewhere in here hold on hold on yeah
there you go what'd you do every time that song played on the radio did you
call the station and complain and tell them to go off air once again it's stupid
parents trying to get other people to parent their job for them if your kids
Oh my god, they heard the word bitch.
Well, oh my god, turn on the TV.
Well, you know what people's fascination is with curse words anyway?
It's the fact that you tell them you can't do it.
If you don't like the word bitch, become Amish.
Children would not be as apt to curse if you acted like it was no big thing.
You know?
I hope you don't let your kids watch TV because they say bitch on it all the time.
Everyone should read the first story in The Illustrated Man, which I'm reading right now.
It talks about parenting and what happens when you don't parent your kids yourself.
It's really bad, so yeah, you should read it.
If you have a question as to what song in DDR has bitch in it,
It says in the background, not an extreme, bitch, no that song is gone, but this is going
to be interesting because the rumor is, and this is merely rumor at this point, but supposedly
in that trailer for Max 2 USA, somebody caught a glimpse of the DJ Alligator Project video
for Blow My Whistle Bitch, which is going to be interesting to see how the USA treats
that.
Well, here's the thing, though, is he actually officially had, it wasn't, you know, the fact
that it was censored, there's two different songs.
They're the same damn song, but it's Blow My Whistle Bitch and Blow My Whistle Baby,
or The Whistle Song, see, so that's actually, you know, the official title is, you know,
the whistle song but you know that's over here you know what I caught them
both sucks well here's the thing anyways I mean I'm sure they're gonna censor
because if we have like you know was a gentle stress the AMD sensual mix
instead of sexual I mean yeah they're stupid but whatever don't care I'm
getting yelled at because I played the one-two little bitch by bus stop and not
the specials which is the one that's actually an extreme sorry get over it my
Actually, if you want to be technical, Little Bitch was in the first DDR.
Right, and that's why it was brought back for Xtreme, because remember they brought back a bunch of old school DDR songs like Butterfly?
Oh my god, some guy wanted me to play Butterfly the other day.
Did you do it?
No.
Would you tell him?
I said, I played that a lot when the game was new.
And he was like, oh.
I was playing DDR with someone I've never met before.
I miss being able to do that, you know? Back in the days when no one knew who the other one was, and we'd all randomly play DDR together, and then we just sort of eventually told each other our names.
Stop it, Rob. You can stop that right now.
Hey, let's do, um, List List.
Oh, we're gonna do List List now?
Yeah.
Okay, so we have to take a quick break, and then we're gonna come back and do List List.
Play, um, the Desiro songs from Papa Music.
Okay, we're going to play some Desero songs from Poppin' Music, so it's going to be not
a too long of a break.
So we have Cobalt from Poppin' Music 9, and we have Pure from Poppin' Music 8.
And then I'm going to play something from DDR Solo Mix, just for good measure.
No, I'm going to play Wonderland from Third Mix, and then we'll come back listless.
And what is tonight's listless topic?
Best Bemani songs to fuck by.
Yes, just like our live journal, Best Bemani songs to fuck too.
We'll be back.
Okay y'all, this is it, now pump it, the mic will sing soon as I touch it
Dude, it's smooth and easy like, so we might get hyped to hear tonight
She might relax and she's way the back
If you ain't with that, I'ma have to attack you with a bad rap
That can smack the smile off your face, that's when it's up, no crap
Give it a little bit of heart and soul as you do it, till you in your ear hole, huh
I ain't going out like a sucker
And if you think so, boy, then puff up
Off the chips, I'm outta this lyric, it's slow
And I'm on it, word up, it's through
It's that you do, move you
Fightin' people, now it's time to
Hi, this is Mel B. of RTF. Before an extra $1.99 a minute, my girlfriend Mel B. can join
us on all the fun together. Hey, if you're a broke-ass like I am, why don't you come
to the one place that costs absolutely nothing to go to and still the fun is just as great.
It's Orange Lounge Radio, Sunday nights. Kick it with me and you just might realize the
best things in life are free. That's right, you tell them Mel. Our buddy Mel B.
Okay, so, back to the show, and back to the listless topic at hand.
Jamie, what is the listless topic at hand?
Best of any songs to fuck to.
Or to hand to.
No, just kidding.
To fuck to.
To fuck.
This is und.
The unforific topic.
Yeah.
So, are we ready?
I am.
Okay.
Are you going to be okay, Irene?
Because you said you weren't ready yet.
You said you weren't ready.
Okay, all right.
Who wants to start?
I will.
Okay, Jamie numbers. Oh, we haven't done list list in a long time
I guess I should explain what this is all about or do you want to you want me like we all pick our top threes
And then we all vote one off and then you vote yes
So the chat room has the final say so you can vote and this is a scientific proven process
This is the top three of all time no disputing
Okay, so Jamie you're number three
Okay, my number three is a gravity
gravity
Not a Loki remix?
Well, that's a little bit too angry. That's like the S&M, you know.
I say Gravity because if you think about it, it's like rhythmically good.
Brad said Gravity, the anal burnination mix.
Okay, fine. I'll go next.
My number three pick, and this would be for like if you're having some fast, dirty, rotten sex, Max 300s.
Ew.
Dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun.
Okay.
Loke, you're number three pick.
Um, I was gonna say, probably, we've gotta go with hot limit, because it's a longer song.
And, uh, ya know, people like things that are longer, so.
I'm not gonna make a comment.
It doesn't work.
It doesn't.
What?
It doesn't work.
Oh, my.
Oh, my.
Oh my, as the room slowly gets it. La la la la la.
Okay.
Yeah, I know, seriously. Alright, Irene, your turn.
Um, I picked a serious one.
Ecstasy, because, I mean, come on now. Like, I need to explain stuff.
Okay, Brad's turn. Ecstasy. Ecstasy, ugh.
Alright. Brad, Mr. Lanky Style.
Wait, did Mac go already?
He did.
Okay.
Everybody beat you.
I'm going to have to say In the Heat of the Night is my number three.
In the Heat of the Night.
Sorry.
Okay.
My number two?
Yes, your number two.
It's from Solo, Let the Beat Hit Him.
Let the Beat Hit Him.
Actually, don't take that back.
My other version is from Solo, the version from Max 2.
Okay, so, uh, let the beat hit a R&B style.
Yeah.
It's like if you want, you know, the slow groove.
Nice.
Uh, my turn.
My number two pick, um, and this is one that came to me during the break, but honestly,
think about it.
This song will be awesome.
This song will be awesome.
That's next to it.
Jem Jem Reggae.
What the fuck are you smoking, man?
Instant softy for me.
I mean, that's not going to do anything.
I can't spell reggae.
Yeah, there you go.
There's validity behind it.
Just think about it.
A-E. Oh, my bad.
There it is.
Sorry, I'm too white.
I'm too white to spell.
Just thinkin'.
On the make-up.
Jam, jam, regga-do-go.
Anyway, come on.
Shut up.
Get away from me.
Irene. Oh, sorry, Loki.
Yeah.
Just because it's got the, you know, background to go with it.
Sexy Planet.
You took my fucking pick, you bastard!
Okay, that's fine.
Okay, so Sexy Planet.
Irene, your number two pick.
You took it. I have to go with Love Machine.
Love Machine.
Yeah.
I'm just a love machine. I like that song.
I have another one, but I...
Alright.
Oh, yeah.
Uh, Mr. Brad, your number two pick, please.
DXY, baby.
DXY.
It's got the perfect flow, and it's got the climax in there, and then the call, you know,
Oh my.
Yeah, the cigarette part at the end.
The flow, the climax, and the cigarette, it's all there.
Not the flow, like, that kind of flow, you fuckin' sicko.
I mean, like, the build-up.
Like, starts off, starts off slow, build up, like, dangerous.
I'm gonna...
Yeah.
Yeah, anyway, jig fly.
Alright, like what?
Jamie, your number one pick, best song to oomph to.
I'm gonna not, I had another one that was the obvious choice, but actually, Sink.
Sink?
Because it actually does have, it actually does have the slow build up, the yay, you know, this is fun, and then the dying off the end.
That's if you're into asphyxiation.
So...
Guess what everybody, this is just in. Zero's having an orange lounge party at his house in two weeks.
Yay! Party! Party!
Okay, Reed!
What?
Um, Zero. Just, uh, thought I'd remind you a little bit.
Oh, never mind. Continue.
Wait, you thought two weeks was Fanime or something?
Or what? I don't know what...
Exactly what I was thinking.
Well, sorta is. In two weekends it'll be Fanime, I think.
Okay, let's keep going with the list list.
Back to list list, thank you.
My number one pick would be, of course...
You know, this is obvious. I'm sorry, I am going with the obvious, because it's true. Do it all night.
Alright, fine. Well then fine, let's hear your number one obvious pick.
Okay, mine is going to be Wild Rush, because it starts off slow and it gets faster as it goes along.
Actually, the Wild Rush remix is pretty hot.
Alright. Yeah! Rice Princess, your number one pick.
Um, is no one going to say one of the other obvious songs?
It's down to you and Brad, so you better figure out.
Can I give an honorable mention? No, say what? After we're done.
Okay, my number one's Afronova. Don't ask, I don't know.
Afrinova. I guess everybody was being nice to me so they can give me the real obvious
one. Okay. Okay. My number one choice. Trumbo please. Yes. Crash. Please don't. I'm kidding,
I'm kidding. Thank you. Insertion, duh. Insertion, thank you. Why? Okay, now we're going to the
honorable mentions. No one said the whistle song. No one said after the game of love.
Because those suck.
Temple of love.
No Greco-Lalman style.
Thanks.
Alright, so here is the list.
Have you never been mellow?
Here's some of the bullshit lists I had before we go on.
Dead End.
Healing Vision Angelic Mix.
Hypnotic Crisis.
Paranoid of Dirty Mix, in case you're like, you're uh, paranoid.
Of, you're jealous and you're, yeah.
Well, and Crash of course.
of course I actually wouldn't mind one of the other ones I was gonna say was
paranoia clean just like the the pounding one or I was gonna say
hellscaper or maybe crimson hat Center
anyway some suggestions from the chat room some suggestions from the chat room
as well gimme gimme gimme let's see I think he is good V Oh Nick please not so
Boom Boom Dollar, Dubby Dub, So Many Men, It's Raining Men, Test My Best, Cowgirl.
I've never heard the full version of So Many Men. It's like she's an utter slut.
Now I would have picked this song had it been in the actual game and not just part of the megamix.
the MegaMix, the Paranoid Evolution, and of course, shame on all of us for forgetting
this one, Be In My Paradise.
Okay, no.
Being in my paradise, Rob, makes me break out in hives.
It's really nasty.
Alright.
Let's, uh...
Oh, there's, like, um, right now.
By the way, guess what?
Come on, baby, do it.
I was looking at an old issue of People magazine because I leave those at my work sometimes.
Uh-huh.
There was a review for Atomic Kitten in there.
I know, and I saw an Atomic Kitten video at Faces one night.
It was cool.
Yeah, you were there.
Yeah, I am.
But they said that they suck.
A little advice if any of you guys want to get the ladies in the mood, any Thomas Howard song or Jeff Koot, any Jeff Koot song? Yeah, Ladies Will Love You.
Ladies Will Love Thomas Howard, trust me. Even though he's gay.
All right, let's get to the elimination part, please.
Here's the list so far, Gravity, Max 300, Hot Limit, Ecstasy, In The Heat Of The Night,
Let The Beat Hit Em R&B, Jam Jam Reggae, Sexy Planet, Love Machine, DXY, Sync, Do It All
Night, Wild Rush, Afronova, and Insertion.
Jamie, what's coming off the list?
Jam Jam Raigu.
You stink.
Jam Jam Reggae is the best.
Come on you guys, you stink.
Mine I'm going to take off, I don't care.
I'm going to take off, I'm just kind of drawn to the, well, I don't know why, all these
songs are pretty good, but I just, I don't see gravity so much, so I'm going to take
off gravity.
Listen to it.
I think of stoic, not gravity, so I think it goes back to that whole stoic versus gravity thing.
Um, no, because Matt's next. Matt?
I don't care, but, um...
Tech does not make good sex music. Sync, bye bye.
You are so full of shit.
Out phase anyway.
Whatever.
Um, Irene?
I'm gonna take up Hot Limit, because it's stupid.
thank you
you big pile and all
raging ritalin
I should have said love me too, that would be a good one
anyway
uh...
yeah whatever
okay I'll say
uh... I'm gonna have to go with
Let the beat hit him or be fat.
Great.
Vote all nine off.
Thank you.
Did all yours get voted on?
Yes.
Oh, sorry.
I didn't notice that.
I guess Jamie's are all gone.
I'm sorry.
All right.
All right.
Here's the list.
And you folks can vote on it right now in the chat room.
Max300, Ecstasy, and I spelled it wrong, I'm sorry.
In the Heat of the Night, actually why didn't it come up in my spellcheck then, that's weird.
I guess so.
In the Heat of the Night, Sexy Planet, Love Machine, DXY, Do It All Night, Wild Rush,
Afronova, and Insertion.
So you can send those votes to me.
My name is Sky and I'm in the chat room right now.
Hi!
And you can send your pics to me over private message because you love me.
In the meantime, a quick break featuring some more Guitar Freak songs.
How about, I'm just going to pick random ones from this little CD that Jamie gave me.
Monkey Magic, that's always a fun one.
And um, I like Monkey.
And um, Sweet Feline, or did we, no we already did that one, didn't we?
I don't think I did that one.
I don't know.
Let's do, I'm gonna pick another one.
How about Star of Muse, yes, that will be fun.
And then that's all the time you got to send in your votes.
And we'll be back to wrap up the big, fat, hairy, scary show.
Stay tuned.
Yes, Logie?
Real quickly, because I know I forgot to mention it, but it is big news in case
if no one's been reading, it sort of ties in with it, the stuff.
Anyways, the edit code for the DDR Extreme Machine has been found
and now we can make DDR Extreme edits and have started to do so.
So, yay. Rejoice.
All right.
We'll be back.
Leave the garden, everybody just have some fun
Monkey Magic, Monkey Magic
It's Monkey Magic, Monkey Magic
There's a little, little, monkey magic
You should find a way to die
There's a little, little, monkey magic
Monkey magic, monkey magic, monkey magic
I will never know, but you will never show Come on and love me now, come on and love
I will never know, but you will never show
Come on and get me now, come on and get me now
Come on and get me now
And I'm here for that moment with you concentrate
I will never know cause you will never show
Come on and love me now, come on and love me now
I will never know cause you will never show
Come on and love me now, come on and love me now
Come on and love me now
Home to Hindi, home to Thorns Lounge Radio, home to Hindi, home to Newton, with the ping pong ball!
Hello everybody.
So what's going on?
I think we had to do the winner or something.
I don't know.
Supposed to be announcing the winner for something?
Yeah.
Yeah, but Rob's occupied.
Okay, why is it?
I want to know this.
Why is it?
I get, like seriously, when we went on air, did not, did or did not, the house line rang
and my cell phone went off right when we went on air.
Then why not turn them off?
I'm going to. I don't even remember who it was.
Who was it? I don't know.
You know, when I used to come for my visitations to under sedation, I would turn off my cell phone.
My cell phone wouldn't even work in there, and it hasn't been working. That should have been my F.U. of the week.
Oh my God, my cell phone has not been working in the house even recently, so I'm surprised.
My cell phone doesn't work in my house.
It even went off at all. Who was it that called? I don't even remember. I guess, whatever.
Okay, so, um, let's see, oh yes, the list list, here it is, the top three songs to Unf 2, Have Sexor 2, Get Dirty and Naughty 2, third place, drum roll please, beautiful, Ecstasy, yay, that was number three, Ecstasy, yay, second place,
The winner is DXY! Yay!
Yeah, second is DXY.
And in first place, by a landslide.
Insertion.
Of course.
So.
That's that.
Listless, hope you guys enjoyed.
And an honorary vote for Sky's Voice The Game. You suck!
And now with some show news, I think we'll be able to do phones next week and I figured
out a way to do it.
So if you're interested in being able to do this next week, we're going to be using a
program probably called Phone Free and I will post a link in the chat room where you can
and find this program.
And just basically sign up.
It's totally free.
And what you're going to want to do is I'll also give you
guys an ID number, which will be our phone number.
And so during the show, we'll have this hopefully available
live, and I should be able to answer, well, PC phone calls.
It's not really using your actual phone line.
Phone line is just almost like voice chatting over, like,
Yahoo Instant Messenger or something like that.
So maybe we're going to try that.
But anyways, I'll post links.
We'll probably test it out during a fuck-off show sometime in the next week, like before the weekend, I don't know.
Are you planning on doing any fuck-off shows this week, Jamie? I know you were thinking about, yeah.
I sort of preempted the rewind Monday.
It's all good. You know what? The way I think about it, the fuck-offs get more listeners than the rewinds anyway, so it's all good.
You know, I think, you know, for me it's easier just to come home and do it on Monday.
Because I'm sort of angsty anyway.
Do you want to move the rewind? We can always move the rewind.
I don't care about when we do the rewind.
Well, we can talk...
This is the chat room.
Chat room, go on the live journal community.
Yes, I was going to say.
There you go.
There you go.
Excellent idea.
Kathy, start a thread on the live journal community and everyone let us know what would
be the, if you would leave the rewind on Monday or just keep the Thursday one the way it is
or whatever.
We can always move the Monday rewind to Tuesday as well.
We could just do both of them on Thursday.
That's a possibility too.
Run them back to back to back.
Or Wednesday or whatever.
Or Saturday afternoon or something.
Just let us know.
No, we cannot do it on Saturday afternoon.
Is that when Understation Live is up?
We want to encourage people to listen to Understation Live.
Oh, I didn't realize they were on.
I thought they moved to Friday.
I thought they were still doing it on Saturday.
I thought they moved to Friday.
I'll check.
I'll check.
But you're right.
We don't want to interfere with Understation Live.
So I'll check.
Because we love them.
Yeah, I'll check and make sure they didn't.
I thought they moved to Friday.
We'll see.
Okay.
In other show news, Arcadian reminded me of this.
Arcadian42, thank you.
I forgot to point this out.
But everybody, look at the person next to you and give them a big pat on the back.
I don't see some pats on the back.
Yes, pat people on the back because, ladies and gentlemen, this week, Orange Lounge Radio
crossed 2,500 total listening hours.
Yay!
That's the highest we've ever been.
Congratulations.
We're high.
And that's because of a lot of hard work from a lot of people.
And some events that happened this month certainly helped.
I think we were Bamani-style side of the week for a while, which really helped the website
hit.
Our B3 coverage helped a lot too, and the shows have been doing really well.
So the fuck off shows and everything.
So everybody's done a great job.
Yay.
And also I am going to start doing, well I'm going to be going to school, so I don't know,
I may have to change the night that I do this, but I am going to be doing at least one regular
fuck off a week.
One regular fuck off a week?
And I think that this week I might do video game trivia.
Ooh.
I have to find my CDs or re-download stuff, but maybe not this week, but next week for sure.
I'll get all the stuff ready to do music trivia.
Cool. Very cool.
And, yeah, that'll be fun. And I'll do a fuck-off show at some point this week, too. Probably later.
I tend to do them, like, whenever I'm just, like, here, Friday or Saturday, late night.
I need to figure out how to get them to run while I'm doing writing a lot.
Uh-huh.
I need to figure out how to get them to do while I'm doing RO.
I am seriously thinking about getting a Ragnarok account this week, finally.
Uh-huh! Play on, play on, play on Chaos.
Chaos.
To make everybody happy, I'm obviously going to have to have to have one character on both.
But, but this is the thing, then I can have two different classes.
That's okay, one of them can be like my learning.
We'll see. I figure when I do my next job class, I'm going to do it on, um, if I do a merchant, I'm going to do it on Chaos, so I can buy stuff cheap for my character.
But if I do any other job class, I'm going to do it on the Loki server.
I might do a Sakurai one, though.
I started a Sakurai one.
There's three character slots for each server independent to each server.
So you can start three classes on each server.
And Loki's got technically less people on it at most times because Chaos was the original server.
So there's more or a lot of people who were there since the beginning.
So, if you want less lag, really there's not much lag on Chaos either.
I mean, because they only have like around 5,000 at the most.
I mean, I don't think that's 5,000, so.
Okay, so it, yeah, I mean, it doesn't really matter what server you start on.
Just whichever one has more of your friends on it, go to that one, I guess.
I don't know, whatever. I probably won't even end up signing up, because, like, you know, I...
You're a poser!
We did get a lot of listening hours, however our actual rating for the station has fallen quite a bit in the past week.
I have a feeling I'm not gonna I have a feeling we're zero being zero bombed by another by another station
I think I think I'm just suspecting and I'm probably creating conspiracies to be there, but I noticed that the rating for another
Bamani station
Has gone up significantly while ours has gone down some I'm wondering if something's going on there. I don't know
Yeah, that's really unprofessional. I don't know. I don't know if it's true. I'm probably suspecting things
I shouldn't be, and going places I don't need to go.
I wouldn't listen to another station who did that.
I wouldn't either.
Poser's.
Oh, I listen to another station, but I have an obligation.
Not just an obligation to me.
Well, I hate for that other station's thing
that happened to them.
Because you know what comes around, you know.
I need to say right now, right now,
it's not under station live, obviously.
It's not DDR Freak.
DDR Freak Radio and Orange Mountains Radio
kind of have a silent agreement on where we're not going to go.
I'd like to give a very big thank you to the powers that be with DDR Freak Radio for being very considerate of us two.
I think we need to be partners. All of us Bimani stations, we need to be partners in this and not snipe each other.
Not just Petty, but all of us are working to promote the games and the music.
I hope nobody came in in the middle of this and is thinking that a specific station that we know of has been doing this.
I really don't know. Rob said it again, that he doesn't know. He's not interesting. It's just interesting that one goes down and one goes up. It's just interesting, that's all.
Yeah, and in all honesty, I've looked at a lot of like 365 stations and Orange Lounge is like really the only entertaining one. I'm sorry.
I personally like to listen to talk. If I want to listen to music, I'll just find pictures of the music files somewhere online.
If you want to check other stations out, we're not total Nazi radio people.
Go vote for them however you want to vote, but for us, vote a five.
Yes, vote five.
There is no choice, so if you have your little Live 365 window up...
There's other numbers that pretend and don't work, so hit five.
If you have your Live 365 window up right now, just change that little vote in the bottom to a five, and we would love that.
And we'll come to your house and have sex with you, just kidding.
No, we'll send the monkeys.
Rob can't see this, because Live 365 doesn't supply this kind of technology for him to see the IPs of the people voting.
But I can, because I have something that spikes in the middle and finds it, and so I can see who's voting bad, you know, and I will fucking blow up your computer. So don't vote anything low.
So send our leaked Shema grad after you.
I was just kidding, I can't. I'm a loser. I'm a fucking script kitty.
Well, that being said, our little help us be the high rated station as opposed to going
down the crapper where we've been going recently.
I think it's time to wrap up the show.
What do you guys say?
Sure.
What are we going to wrap it up in?
Ribbons and bows?
We're going to wrap it up in pretty pink paper.
Leather and pantyhose.
Yes.
Okay.
Final thought time.
Let's start with our guests.
Lanky style.
Your final thought, please.
Bye Bye Bye by NSYNC and DDR. What?
Rice Princess, your final thought?
Hi. And bye.
Loki, your final thought?
I'll get these films to work. It kills me.
My final thought is...
I don't know. That's my final thought. I just don't know anymore.
any more. Jamie? My final thought is give me money. And play Ragnarok on the chaos server.
Just play Ragnarok. Okay, so I'm trying to queue up the outro still, sorry. Does anybody
have an additional final thought? Yeah, I do. What? My frogs are cool, because they
cool because they have blue stars in them and my cat's butt stinks oh yay I
love your fortune cookie message okay and the final word of the show goes to
Jamie the final word of the night is
crack whore you've been listening to orange lounge radio orange lounge radio
It was hosted by Dark Sakura, Skye, and Loki.
We expect you a nice play again.
And now, here's your Fortune Cookie message of the day.
I inherited my father's eyes and my mother's eating disorder.
My mother and I have the same eating disorder.
She just said to me, when I was pregnant with you,
I eat only cherry.
And I think that you are just one big cherry.
You are just a one big gay kitty!
I was on the cover of The Star once, and it was for this thing called the Chow Like Cho Diet.
I was so fucking racist, because they just made this diet up. They didn't consult me. I mean, it was like this total diet that they made up that they said that I went on, and all these fake quotes from me.
When I was young, I was raised on rice and fish.
So when I get heavy, I go back to that natural Asian way of eating.
You can almost hear the mandolin in the background.
When I was a little girl and I grow up on the rice paddy,
we don't have any food because this was before Sally's brother.
So, we are so hungry all the time and we have no money and I want to go to the market to buy a chicken head but I have no money so I have to sell my finger.
But I was very hungry, but I still have a tendency to put on weight,
which is why I really hope that I catch malaria,
because that is a very good way to lose weight quickly, malaria and dysentery.
Thanks for listening, and we'll see you next week.
The afterbirth of Orange Lounge Radio.
Here we are.
So, what's up, kids?
Let me think.
Hi, monster.
You don't belong in this world.
You take them souls.
Invake them you're slaves.
You take them souls and make them your slaves!
Are you going to do that as a fortune cookie one week?
Same could be said of all religions.
I guess you're just going to act it out. I don't even know it. All I know is the die monster part.
And then the grim reaper.
I could do it from the beginning.
Do it! Do it!
Right now?
Actually there was supposed to be an ending where Maria turned evil.
The sound files on the game.
She's like, like, who would have thought such a little girl had so much power?
You know, but she's like the best.
And, um, I like the Grim Reaper part. Ah, I know God.
I love his voice. Okay, do the intro.
The Dark Priest Shaft.
Do the intro to Castlevania, please. Do it, Brad, do it.
Okay, I need to get my, like, wine glass and my
Dracula teeth, come on. I'm so excited.
Don't look at me, everybody look around. Don't look at me.
Die, monster. You don't belong in this world.
Somebody else has to do the Dracula part.
I don't know the Dracula part, so you just have to do your Dracula voice.
It was not by my hand that I was once again given flesh.
I was brought here by humans who used to wish to pay me tribute.
Trueboot, you steal men's souls and make them your slaves.
Perhaps the same could be said of all religions.
Your words are as empty as your soul.
Mankind ill needs a savior such as you.
What is a man?
For a little wine glass.
A miserable little pile of secrets.
But enough talk, how about you?
Yay, that's beautiful.
That is the best dialogue out of any video game ever in the history of mankind.
The acting is perfect, I don't care what you think.
Here, what do you think?
Loki, can you make a remix using those lines?
That's why you wanted me to do it.
I knew, I should have known that's why you wanted me to do that.
Brad's voice in the game.
I've got, I could give you the whole thing in Japanese.
Die, monster.
Die, monster.
I should, I should, I should actually copy off my Japanese one too and play it for you.
Dude, it sounds really, really cool.
I might do something like that, but unfortunately, my name starts with an M.
What?
What?
In other words, I'm not a person that also has four letters in their name, begins with a T, ends with a win, and makes stupid remixes, so there.
Okay, then I'll do it.
Hey, you know what that is backwards? It's Newt.
Well now, I'm going to make a remix called the beauty of silence mix and it's just going
to go the beauty of silence and then like a minute of silence and I'm going to say see
it's beautiful.
So half in the background, too pretty.
And then like sex noises in the back and kittens getting choked.
Just kidding.
Oh, do you want to give a plug to going to vote for Shermie?
I put Shermie's picture up on RateMyKitten.com, but it's not up there yet and I actually don't know where her site is for her picture.
So she's just on there somewhere.
It's a picture of Shermie on Mel's lap being sleepy and cute.
Yay.
Okay, so does anybody else have anything they want to say for the wrap-up here?
The afterbirth?
Yes.
I'm fucking hungry, man.
There's a bunch of snack foods up there.
I don't want snack foods. I want a meal!
You're on a diet.
No, I just want a meal. I'm tired of eating all these sneaky snacks and stuff.
Aw, poor thing.
I know, poor thing.
You can eat my dick.
Oh, God, that's too many calories.
It's sweet. I promise you it's sweet. It's full of fat. And high-end fiber.
Alright, kids. What, did somebody fart or something? You all have played your...
Wait, yes, Loki? Loki has something he'd like to share with you all. I'm scared.
We just had like a bunch of radio silence. I know. Mumble, mumble, mumble.
such great radio here. That's bullshit.
Are you trying to do the poodle hat thing? You want to play a poodle hat track?
Okay, Loki wants to play a poodle hat track for you all.
A hat rack? What?
It's quiet. Yeah, I know. This is shitty radio.
You talk. I do too much talking. People complain that I talk too much, so I'm dumb.
Why do you talk too much? Shut up. You know what I mean.
People visit our live journal, everybody visit our forums, everybody vote us a five, listen to us all day long.
Look, if you had one shot to sit on your lazy butt and watch all the TV you ever wanted
until your brain turned to mush, would you go for it or just let it slip?
Yo
Insanity, oh, the fat crappin' Behold, of depravity, no
They live happily, yo, cross the alley To show and celebrity mold
Oh, the van and the coal Keep scaring me, look, monocavity
Oh, it's a station break Better go out to the kitchen or microwave salt
I'm gonna lose with your mom watchin' TV They told me they told me
But I still do it in every show Like they will be C-SPAN, TV, Landon, HBO
The travel channel is gonna burn in lifetime I'm gonna lose with your mom watchin' TV
I'm watching TV, they told me, they told me, turn off all music videos
I'm gonna watch C-SPAN TV, land in HBO
Stay up through channel 9, QVC, a lifetime power
My blood is aching, as I watch NASCAR racing
That show about undertaking, where it came
The 24 to line order, the weather channel's boring
Like 50 minutes of ancient reporters
Next up aren't you through Hollywood story
The rise and decline of pro actors in glory
It goes for next fall, they already been namin'
This is D.S.I. gravy, touched by an uncle
But it sounds pretty lamin'
So does everybody tolerate Raymond
And King of Queens jumped the shark the first minute
I can't believe Richard Simmons ain't in it
I'll move right on the way to Central Rules
So where's my teenage daughter?
Then I bet I watch The Bachelorette
Followed by Welcome Back Potter
And The Muppet Show
Where they goin'
And I'm all gonna use your mind
Watchin' TV, they told me they told me
But I still do it in every show
Like Gable, G-SPAN, TV Land, and HBO
They're just in channel in the A&E and Lifetime
You're gonna lose your mind watching TV
They told me, cuz told me
But after last year's I could go
I'm making a G-SPAN, TV Land, and HBO
The type of channeling for a TV lifetime
Never gonna miss another place I lost in space
I've seen each amazing race without a trace
But I only watched Willie race one time, one day
Wish I hadn't, cuz G-bo, now peace I'm gay
Oh, and here's a factor I watched maybe a h-hour
After that, felt like I needed a long shower
Network execs with naked ambitions
Next week on Fox, watch Lion be Christian
Life's a tie-up, don't program any planners
Make them watch all of that junk till their heads explode just like scanners
Reach covered gravity, you fool of survivors
Look at James Whitten discussing the Uber
Of Mr. Rob Schneider and the Gilligan in Spongebob, but
Where's my guy Baranci, Leno, who's got Madonna, haters, Luke, Terry, and a special all-pick Latin episode
It's Drew Carey, why'd I turn out his teeth?
Cuz I'm a gossip freak, and I gotta know who J-Lo is
Cuz Mary-Anne is weak, a thirty second plot
Now looking back to R.U. Pot, I was fine and I'm recording the Sopranos
Ooh, I forgot, I left your whisper without a plot
I'll stare at all my legs in love, my eyes bloodshot
Because I'm only a guy with one brain to write
I'm gonna spend my life rockin' television, so why?
If you're gonna use it you're all watchin' TV
They told me they told me
But I've still the one in every show
I gave a big speech band in TV
Lined in HBO
Helped fight with Channel and AMC
And lifetime goes
Use if you're my watchin' TV
They told me, they told me
Turn up like Oprah with your show
I gave a large speech band in TV
Lined in HBO
Helped learn to channel and AMC
And lifetime goes
Good dear lord, this is like the longest afterbirth ever.
That's okay though, right?
Anything else want to be said about Weird Al or anything?
Yes.
What?
Woah!
Woah!
Alright, before we murder your eardrums further, I think it's time to put the proverbial bullet
in the brain of this evening fire whatever don't you be correcting my
English ir speak good what now okay so we're gonna kick it to some music now
we're gonna play a fun non-stop for you guys this is one of my favorite non-stop
this is super classics best non-stop this is a bunch of like 80 songs at
at least like 80 songs that were big like in japan and stuff
so um...
you get some cool stuff like together forever
telephone operator
and then it it's mixed with like um... heaven is a place on earth and flash
dance and stuff so this is a fun mix what a feeling
what a feeling
and then um... some more non-stop song into the evening so enjoy you guys
thank you
as always for supporting orange lounge radio we really appreciate your support
big kisses
and um...
is that it?
I'm going home now, bye.
Bye!
