I'm pretty sure I remember video games being 50 US dollars, yet seeing a $49.99 price tag
in stores seems unfamiliar. I'm of course very acquainted with the $60 price point.
This week, Microsoft stated it's planned to join the $70 club for all of its first-party
titles too, and now two-thirds of console manufacturers and game publishers have made
the Switch. That just leaves the Switch.
This is the intro that references inflation. Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts,
Jamie Sommers, and Loki to tell you more about this and the rest of the week's gaming news.
Starting right now in the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet. Welcome back to another week of the show where
every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio and we are back at live once again with
episode number 940 of our show tonight, December the 11th of 2022. My name is Rob Roberts and
I'm here every week with my co-hosts. First off, say hi to Dark Sakura or Jamie Sommers.
Oh, hello. Hello. I like, you can, you're spotting, I don't think this is a new wig,
but you're spotting a nice looking wig tonight.
It's, it's, I was going to wear the, the, the red lace front, you know, the one I really
like, but I don't know. I just felt like black hair went with green makeup.
It works. It works. I do. I see it on the ice. Well, I know we're talking a lot of visuals,
so sorry to the podcast crowd. We do love you all that subscribe to us as Spotify,
iTunes. Well, don't forget, you know, folks sometimes make clips of the show,
but you can also always access the video archive over at twitch.tv slash vog network because
we do tape live every Sunday night at nine o'clock Eastern, six o'clock Pacific,
usually right after the Bobby Black Wolf show at the voice of geeks network, twitch.tv slash
vog network, VOG network. I say usually after Bobby Black Wolf, because he is not,
he wasn't on tonight. He's taking some Bobby time this week, actually some Bobby and Mrs. Bobby time
this week. So they, they are doing some other stuff tonight. So he will be back on December
the 25th. Even though it is a pretty well known holiday, he still plans to be back that night
because I believe as he put it, he does all of his celebrations on the Eve, which may actually
end up being the same thing I do this year. I don't know. We'll see. I'm still trying to
figure that out. So hopefully I'll know for next week because believe it or not, we're two weeks
away from December the 25th. So, and then we're three weeks away from new year's. So it's-
One week away from Hanukkah and that's important.
That is, it's, it's, it's, it's a little more, kind of at the end of December this year,
as opposed to, I think last year it was practically in November, wasn't it?
Yeah. And actually I got something stuck in my head and like got all my stuff out a week early
and then like, oh. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, say hello as well to Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hi. And that is not a wig. That is all his natural hair, folks. Just so you know. Loki,
I heard Dark Soccer, I think, recognized the game playing behind you tonight. But what is,
what is the game behind you playing tonight? Why?
It is a stall. It is a game from the Saturn. It's one of the first games I played on the Saturn.
And it just, it's like, I remember back then it was like, oh man, it's like an anime. It's
like so amazing. Um, yeah. I mean, it had really cool cut scenes and everything. And it was a
really nice, uh, like 2d platformer. And it flowed. Excellent music. Excellent music.
I just remember being enamored with the backgrounds.
It's all the colors.
It's another one of those games where it's like, we didn't think video game graphics could get any
prettier. And then here we are. I remember the first time I played Mario Brothers 2, actually,
Super Mario Brothers 2, which we all know was a remake of a Japanese game. But you know, I didn't
know that when I was what, 10 years old and that game came out. So, um, when I saw that game for
the very first time, I was like, oh my gosh, it's like a cartoon. I'm playing a cartoon on my TV.
These graphics are so good. Cause remember, you know, my first system was an Atari 2600,
you know, and like many systems of that same era, albeit, you know, Coleco or whatever the graphics
were pretty blocky. I mean, it was cool as hell at the time, because again, it was like, oh,
I'm playing these on my TV at home and not in an arcade. But, uh, like Mario Brothers 2 was the
first time I remember thinking I'm playing a cartoon like legit. So. I mean, to be fair,
like back then the resolution of everything wasn't very big anyways. And, you know, coming
from like playing stuff on like the Atari 2600 or something like that, it's like, yeah, it's a
massive jump in fidelity. So. Well, in a standard TV didn't show much more than 6, 64480. In fact,
I think it was less than that, to be honest. So, uh, I was like 240 and I was like 240. So,
uh, the fact, you know, that it was that perfect revolution for a TV, you know, the NES was just,
yeah, made, made for some incredible graphics. And then when we got to Super Nintendo, oh boy,
like then we really got some cartoon graphics on that one. Yeah. Going to the chat over at
twitch.tv slash vog network. Orange right says that ending in Super Mario Brothers 2 as well.
Oh yeah. You remember that ending in Mario Brothers 2 when you see, you know, Mario sleeping
and like that look when you consider that that's all like sprite based work basically put together
to kind of make that it's really, it was really incredible what they, what they did with that
whole, uh, ending sequence in that game. That looked really, really cool that I loved when
video games had such a rewarding ending like that. Right? Like didn't the Mario Brothers 2 ending
feel really good for that era? Like it was much better than the screen that said,
congratulations. The story is happy and press start to continue. Like it was much,
much more satisfying than something like that. Right. Even though when you beat a hard as hell
game like ghosts and goblins, you'll, you'll take whatever the game gives you. Um, yeah,
as 200 Matt points out, Super Mario Brothers 2 was a dream and Super Mario Brothers 3 was a stage
play. So what would Super Mario Brothers 4 be? The matrix? Because we never really did have a
Mario Brothers 4, although I guess Mario world actually numbered Super Mario 4 at its original
conception. I was going to say Mario world is technically, uh, labeled that, but I guess,
I guess, uh, they didn't actually consider it. It wasn't like part of a show like the others,
I guess. So, uh, anyway, looking for some other comments in chat. Hello. Hello. Uh,
hope everybody's doing well. Uh, dark to see us as I was just about to bring up ghosts and
goblins. So yeah, it's a, it's a memorable ending if nothing else anyway. When it actually ended.
All right, let's move on. We have some gaming news to get into tonight. And of course the big
thing everybody's talking about this week was the game awards because you know, I gotta,
I gotta hand it to Jeff. He did manage to create E3 level kind of announcements in December. Like
there's been good years. There's been not so good years of the game awards. I would say when it
comes to the, the magnitude of the announcements he had planned and the ceremony itself for the
most part, um, I would say it was absolutely one of the better years for the game awards.
Um, definitely some places to improve. I think for me, the running time was really,
remember when he said it wasn't going to be as long as last year and to be fair, it wasn't,
but didn't the steam deck things say they were only going to give away like 150 steam decks
tops or it was like, they were planning for 150 and I think it went, it was about what,
three hours and 15 minutes if you count the free show, right?
Yeah, it was pretty long and that steam deck giveaway thing was kind of, um, it was a mess.
Their player didn't work very well. Cause I actually watched it through that.
Thanks to my internet. I had that playing on one monitor and then I had the 4k version playing on
my main monitor. Right? Yeah. So it was a mess and like, and there is a funny, uh,
Oh God, there's, there's a funny screenshot that's out there. Like the very first one
was like a user by the name of like milf lover or something like that.
Oh yeah. Yeah. One of the first award winners. Yeah. So it was, it was just like
milf Hunter says Mike down Hunter. Oh, you're right. Milf Hunter. Yeah.
So everyone's just like, Oh, GG. And then eventually it like started breaking down
because it stopped showing the names and it started showing the steam ID. So everybody
assumed, Oh, the bots are getting it though. The bots are getting it. It's fun. It was a fun
distraction to watch chat one. Like, you know, I didn't want to watch what was on screen or
anything, but yeah, lots of big announcements and everything. So, um, can I, can I just,
can I speak before we get into the specifics? Can we just kind of speak in some generalities here?
I want to well also, and I want to go to Mike Defton chat who says it went for two hours and
40 something minutes. Does that count the pre-show or not? Because I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
The pre-show counts for me. Like, because especially when the very first thing they drop
on us is that dead cells, Castlevania. And I'm, I'm actually a little disappointed that that just
isn't a standalone game because when I first saw that I was super hype. I was like, yes,
this is what I want Konami to do. Give your fucking IPs to people that know how to use them.
Dead cell developers, great choice to do something with Castlevania. But it turns out it's
just an expansion for dead cells, which is okay. I'm still interested in that. That's fine. It's a
better direction than, you know, Castlevania probably done in house. But, but that was the
first announcement. And then what then they followed that up with, like, like there was like
some major announcements in that 30 minute little block.
Yeah, there was a new Hellboy game.
Yeah, that was. Sorry, Miltonias Games in chat says pre-show totally counts if it has world
premieres. I that's, that's what I'm saying. And honestly, they just need to fold that into the
main show. Like, let the ostrich lady or flamingo lady, excuse me, let the flamingo lady because
her outfit looked a little flamingo. Let that pre-show get folded into the main show. And she
can still, you know, have her thing. She's been doing that a few years. It should just really be
part of the main show. At this point. I'm not I'm not sure why they call that a pre-show. There
was the news coming out of that was way too big. One other thing I want to get out of the way
because everybody's talking about it. Too many people are talking about it. So it needs to be
addressed. And that is the literal child that got up on stage at the end and said whatever he said,
after Elden Ring won its Game of the Year award, right? We all know he went up there and said,
Bill Clinton, something something, which was interesting because social media immediately
said it was a coded white supremacy message. But unfortunately, social media has a tendency to run
with headline and literal Twitter size thing and not facts. And the fact is that he was a young,
because these these outlets have interviewed him after the fact they're giving him way too much
attention. But whatever it was, here's that attention you ordered. He was a literal child,
15 year Jewish, I believe, IRL shitposter. That's all that was. That was an IRL shitpost.
And the type of behavior you would expect out of a 15 year old child. That's all I'm going to say
about that. Because the onus on that moment, I think goes to Jeff and his security team and all
of that, like, how in the fuck did that kid get up on stage? So many, like, questions in the way
him being Jewish has to do with it. How How did a 15 year old get into the event in the first place?
Where? How did like, I'm assuming he's not from the area. So how did he get to the area to be on
the show? Well, anyone could buy a ticket. They were selling the tickets. Right. But like, you
know, I mean, if my child just disappeared. Oh, yeah, true. Where were the parents? Right? Yeah,
oh, yeah, you're just flying to California. Okay, sure. Bye.
Yeah, that's the thing. And Mike Deaf says, how the fuck did they let that happen at all? It could
have been so worse. Yes, it could have been an actual really bad message that gets out there.
And you know, is is gives the show and gamers in general, a really bad reputation. And that is the
type of unfortunately, shenanigans that and I, you know, Jeff Keeley's pissed that that happened,
especially when he goes out there and he tweets, we arrested the person that did the thing.
And you know, you could see that look on his face just looked like he was just pissed at the end
there. But the reality is, the fact that you let that happen in your security that you contract
with let that happen is what is holding your show back from being the Oscars. Although at the same
time, you look at what happened at the Oscars this past year, and I guess they don't have much
security either. So I'm not sure what this says about award shows at all. Right. Yeah, it's a
weird scenario. And it but it was like, almost like, it was almost nothing, because it's like,
okay, he said something weird, and then he disappeared. Like, and that was it. Like,
I don't know, I didn't even realize it was somebody that wasn't, I thought it was somebody
making a really bad joke. And then like, I didn't understand. I'm like, whatever. People are gonna
be weird, I guess. Yeah, I didn't realize it was like someone that wasn't with the group. And
that's fine. I mean, like, I get it. But like, yeah, it could have been worse. But it was also
really stupid to like, I don't know. Oh, yeah. And that's true. One of Matt brings up a point
and why I addressed it earlier. So when Matt says the reason why the Jewish thing came into play was
because people thought the Bill Clinton thing was a veiled anti Semitic comment. So Jason Schreier
interviewed him in Hebrew, and he understood it, and then pretended not to. So my point was
Yeah, right. It was that Jason Schreier. He's a sneaky, sneaky, sneaky guy. But that was so I
mean, again, it was a good, that's what a journalist does to pull a fast one. Anyway,
but but yeah, but but my point- Oh no, granted, not not everybody understands Hebrew.
But the fact that everybody was running with it was a terrible thing that this child said on
stage. No, it was just a shitpost. But granted, we need to take a moment to realize it could have
been a really bad thing. So anyway, that's all the attention I want to give that it's more than
enough done. The other thing that I think was the big like everybody's talking about it moment was
Christopher Judge's acceptance speech. Now look, I got nothing but love in my heart for Christopher
Judge. He did a great job and God of War Ragnarok. We all know his speech went on a little long.
And this is why the Oscars does a nominees luncheon ceremony to talk about these sorts
of things about keeping it short. I also want to point out something that really struck me
about that speech. And then the subsequent speeches were that they started to raise the
music up on Christopher Judge about five minutes into that speech, where I think the Oscars gives
you about 45 seconds. They started to raise me five minutes. Every subsequent speaker that night,
they started to raise the music a lot faster. That was a little inconsistent. And in my opinion,
kind of didn't look very professional at that point, because they they weren't doing it
consistently. And it looked like they were doing it because of what happened with Christopher Judge.
I just think that was a nobody told him how to do it. So he really just spoke from the heart
and kept speaking and kept speaking. And I understand there's a lot to say.
Look, this bitch and my bitches do a two to three hour show every week about video games. Okay.
Like, I get it. There's sometimes a lot to say. But in the context of these award shows where
you're paying people to be there and so forth, you do have to ask people to tighten it up a
little bit, right, you know, and plan on only the 45 seconds. So again, again, I felt that I felt
that a lot less on Christopher Judge and more on nobody preparing Christopher Judge or any
of the nominees. And then I guess the last thing I could say is the teleprompter seemed to have
problems a couple of times in the night. Al Pacino did not seem to be a fan of the teleprompter.
Roberta Williams, I could see was not enjoying the teleprompter either. But it is what it is.
It's a teleprompter, right? So yeah. Let's see going to some comments in chat. Jessica in chat
says these people always saying something incomprehensible. Whatever happened to just
mooning the audience? I do want to remind that that child was 15. So not that one. But if we're
going to throw back to the Oscars streaker, who was 20 or 30, you know, then that Yeah, whatever,
whatever happened to a good old streaker? Let's let's let's
become desensitized to butts.
Let's how about that? I'd like to put out a challenge. Not really, because I don't want to
get in trouble. But I'd like to put in a fake joke challenge. I want to see a streaker at the
Game Awards 2023. Let's of age please. You know,
I referenced one of my favorite ever things to have ever come out of the Oscars. And it was the
Will Ferrell and Jack Black singing the Get Off the Stage song.
They said, Did you know that the Get Off the Stage song has words?
And I was like, every time I hear any Get Off the Stage music, I just think of them.
It's like the look at Catherine Zeta Jones. She's snoring.
Yeah, yeah. So that's the whole thing. If they gave lyrics to it, I bet everyone would would
actually get off the stage and just listen to the song.
I would worry about a comedy bit at the Game Awards, though. Well, I guess they sometimes
do like, they did like the animal thing, which was cute. Like, I'm always going to have room
in my heart for a Muppets moment. But it really just made me go, I wish the Muppets would host
the Game Awards. Not that I have a problem with Geoff Keighley. But I just feel like the whole
thing would just have more pep in it if the Muppets hosted, you know, like, Geoff Keighley
does feel a little vanilla at this point. And I don't know a nice way to say it. I'm not trying
to be mean. Again, I liked this award show a lot more than most of the others. It's just,
I feel like a little spice it up a little bit.
I don't know.
It also feels weird to have like Animal there without like, it tying into like, literally
anything.
Yeah, that's like, where was Miss Piggy unavailable? I mean, but again, I like Animal,
but it did seem like why that particular Muppet? I don't know. Where's the love for Janice and her
band? Or like, if we're gonna do some deep cut and Muppets. Let's get Scooter and Skeeter out
there to reaffirm that they are indeed Muppet babies.
All right. Yeah, that's a good one. Orangewright and Chet says, people on Mastodon were saying,
where were Statler and Waldorf? Now those are the Muppets I want to see at the Game Awards.
Yes. Yes.
Because they knew they'd have nothing nice to say.
That's great.
Then they just need to start like piping up when people take too long with their speeches.
Yeah.
Ripping into them.
You hear the small voice from the balcony. Boo! Move! Leave!
I would never do that, Chris, for Judge, though. But Questbuster says-
You know what I mean.
Yeah. Questbuster says, I'm sure Judge as an actor for years knew that he was running the
clock, but he was so emotionally invested in the moment alongside someone who was probably one of
the reasons for him getting into the craft in the first place. Oh, for sure. Again, I'm not really
faulting Christopher Judge in that scenario. I'm faulting what I believe or what I'm interpreting
was a lack of preparing Christopher Judge to say to all the nominees, okay, if you get selected,
you get a chance to go up on stage. Think about what you want to say in a minute. We have to limit
you to a minute, but we'll allow you to make a further statement online if you want to do that
at thegameawards.com, and we'll publish it on Twitter. But when you get 50 seconds in your
speech, you're going to hear the music come up, and that is the sign that we need you to wrap it
up. And then at a minute 15, we're going to take- like they need to just outline, this is how it's
going to go. And I don't think anybody did that. They need to make sure that they don't do it via
email, that they give them a physical card. That actually is a brilliant call out, because you're
right, it might have been in an email. I mean, people will gloss over email, and I bet anyone
who has any certain amount of notoriety is probably going to have people that check their
mail for them. Yeah, yeah. So I think that it needs to be sent out in a formal card. A card on
laminated. Something, an easy text, something that's eye-catching that says, here's how not to
be a shit. Do you think Jeff is- Do you think Jeff is going to send Christopher Judge an email
on Monday that says, per my last email? No.
Miltonius Games in chat says, this email should have been a meeting. Yes, that's why the Oscars
do a nominee's lunch, and that's when they talk about all that stuff. They buy them lunch at
least. So I think- They should have bought them lunch. Yeah, they should have bought them lunch.
Exactly. Come on. There's-
I would listen to people who give me free food.
That's right. There's my suggestion for the Game Awards 2023. I want to see a streaker,
and I want to see the nominees get bought lunch. All right. Okay, Loki, let's get into the weeds.
What were some of the other announcements of the Game Awards?
So anyways, again, I mentioned that there was a new Hellboy game based off the comics,
so Web of Word. And there's- Was it the announcement that Vampire Survivors is going
free on mobile, which is pretty cool. That was kind of a random surprise,
but I'm excited to see that. We got another look at Horizon
Call the Mountain, which looks pretty cool. I can't wait to check that out at some point.
Post Trauma, which kind of looks like Silent Hill.
I literally thought it was a Silent Hill thing, and I was like, didn't Konami already put their
cards on the table? Maybe that's the one that got rejected Silent Hill,
and so they decided to do something different with what they built. Sometimes that happens.
Well, not waste the assets. Not waste the time, yeah.
Viewfinder, which is a game that allows you to kind of alter the world with a camera.
And so it kind of- There's another one that's just-
I swear to God, I played a game like this at the Pop Culture Museum when I was in Seattle,
because you know they have an indie game room, right? And there was a game I played that was-
Sorry, I don't remember the name, but it was very much that same thing where it was like,
you look around in a picture, and then when you line it up the right way, it kind of turns into
something else. You turn it into a different thing. There's an indie game very similar to
this. And I honestly thought I was looking at a trailer for the indie game coming to PS5 or
something. Yeah, there's one like that where you can also grab objects and it changes size based
off of like perspective or something like that, which is kind of weird. Atomic Heart,
which looks pretty cool. It's kind of like almost like a Fallout or- I'm trying to think of the
other one that was like Fallout, but it's not. I can't remember it, but I did play it and I love
that game. But that looks pretty cool. There was Scars Above, which is like a sci-fi action shooter
game. Relic Hunters Legend, some online looter shooter. Among Us is getting a new hide and seek
mode. That looked pretty fun. They had that, was it After Us, which is like some sort of
platformer environmental type game thing. Oh, that reminded me of one you skipped over during
the pre-show or you said it so fast I missed it. Yeah, yeah. Returnal on PC. That got me very
excited. Just saying. Haven't gotten there yet. Oh, my bad. I thought that was during the pre-show.
This is all still I think pre-show. Oh, shit. All right. My bad.
Yeah. So, Replaced, which was a sci-fi platformer. Then there's also, they had another
trailer for Street Fighter 6, which is they announced there's going to be a 2v2 mode and
I think it's also supposed to be coming out in June now. I think they did date it. Yeah,
it looks real good. I got to say, yeah, like there's something about those even numbered
Street Fighters. And then I think this is getting into the show now. I know Hades 2, I think was
the first game that they announced at the show, which looked fantastic. That was huge because
Supergiant Games, haven't they said they don't make sequels in the past? And here we go. I mean,
but if any game does, I mean, honestly, all of their games could stand to have a sequel.
But Hades like double so. And Shane is in chat on time saying Hades 2 was the only thing that
mattered. I would disagree with the only thing that mattered, but I would say it was a genuine
surprise. It didn't get leaked in advance. And it was one of those things that definitely led way,
especially the fact that it was at the beginning and was a surprise. It's just like the beginning
hour of the pre-show plus the first part of the show just felt like, damn, like they really are
coming out swinging this year. And then unfortunately we got to the last hour of the
show. It wasn't that it was bad, but it was all kinds of stuff they kind of told you we would see
like Final Fantasy 16 and that stuff. So, but anyway, Hades 2, I'm all about that. It looks
great. I like that they're kind of changing it up and making it about Hades. I think it's Hades
sister, right? But they'll still have, you know, the gorgeous gods and goddesses art, but it looks
like generally the gameplay will sort of be similar. So, yeah. Yeah. And then we have the
new Ken Levine game, uh, which looks like Bioshock, but is not Judas. It looks all
spacey and kind of crazy. And I'm all about that. It's very much a spiritual successor.
Sorry. Shane says it's Zagreus' sister, not Hades. I, I did that thing where I said the
main character. I said, I said, uh, uh, Zelda is the one you play as in Legend of Zelda. I
had a moment like that. Sorry. So, but yes, Zagreus' sister, so the main character sister
in the game. But yeah, Judas looks fantastic. Uh, then suddenly out of literally nowhere,
uh, Bayonetta Origins, uh, Sariza and the Lost Demon, which looks.
Okay. I have something to say about that. The Bayonetta spinoff game. So remember when all
the Helena Taylor stuff went down a couple months ago, I just want to point out at that time I said
Nintendo and Platinum are going to be pissed at her because she just told you they're working on a
Bayonetta spinoff game. Now, to be fair, this is not the spinoff game I imagined. I thought they
were doing it with maybe some of the other characters in the mainline series and so forth,
but Helena Taylor told you they were working on a Bayonetta spinoff game. Because remember when
she said with it, with me or anybody else doing Bayonetta or something that she, she was using
this language about, you know, what, what types of games they do, or if they spin Bayonetta off into
a series and all this stuff. Like, so Helena Taylor kind of spoiled this game, but not really
because who could have predicted it was basically a different genre of game and a different art
style. It's interesting that the Bayonetta franchise is now at a point where it is making,
which is a great thing, but it's making these different like spinoff game types. It's just,
it's interesting. Yeah. And we got a couple more new trailers for, uh, Destiny 2 Late Fall and then
Suicide Squad Kill the Justice League, um, which looks interesting. They confirmed with the latter
one that Kevin Conroy is going to be voicing Batman in that as well. It was his last performance.
Got a trailer for a Star Wars Jedi Survivor, which looks pretty cool.
Some of my friends that are really into Star Wars were like losing their minds. It did look really
like, you know, I'm, I'm, I appreciate Star Wars. I think that's a good word. I don't know if I would
say like I'm a hardcore fan, but I appreciate Star Wars. And I could see that like the,
the putting together that trailer, that whole moment with, uh, what, what's the actor's name,
Cameron Monaghan or whatever that came out with the lightsaber and everything. Like they just,
they put that whole moment together very well for those fans. Yeah. Um, and then we have a new game
by the creators of Celeste that called Earthblade, which looks pretty awesome, kind of a similar
style game as well. Um, another trailer for Duke or Duke Dune awakening, no Duke Nukem game for
a man, Duke Nukem awakening. It's surprised to see this in the middle of this show. I thought
this would be something that kept towards the end, but we got the announcement of Death Stranding 2,
which Kojima finally shit. Yay. Refer to last week's show if you need to, but, uh, yeah. Uh,
no, it was, it was not, you know, it was nice to see that all confirmed, especially,
uh, with the rumors about Overdoser going around as well. Like it's nice to see like what,
like what actresses are, you know, are in the Death Stranding 2, what that all kind of looks like.
Um, I mean, obviously it still didn't make any damn sense, but neither did the first one.
It made a lot more sense when she got in there and played it. So, you know, I'm,
I'm assuming the second one will be very similar. I'm just curious if the second game is going to
play like the first game or is he trying to make it more actiony this time? I don't, I don't know.
I don't know. So we'll kind of have to see. Uh, we got a trailer for Tekken 8,
which looks like Tekken 8. Uh, yeah. Uh, Mortals of Avium, which, uh, is I guess a,
it's a game from Ascendant Studios who is comprised of people that worked on Call of
Duty and Dead Space. It's a first person magic based shooter game. So Hexen type of game, I
guess. Um, Nightingale, which looked, uh, kind of interesting. And, um, let's see Ballers Gate 3,
which was kind of surprising. Uh, Wayfinder, which was a online free to play action RPG game.
Uh, Diablo 4, I wasn't even paying attention to this trailer, but yeah,
we got a trailer for Diablo 4 and release date I think.
It looked, I mean, it's just a cinema cut scene. It had none, none of the actual gameplay was in
it. It was all just a hype for a release date, but, um, yeah, Diablo 4 looks really good. And
there's been, there was a press preview that happened this last week. And a lot of folks
are coming out saying, you know, it, uh, plays, um, like it has some of the best parts of two
and then some of the modernizations of three kind of all mishmashed together.
And some of the early, uh, impressions there are pretty favorable and, uh, you know, not,
not that, not that I, I mean, if, if I had played Diablo 4, I, I wouldn't be able to talk about it.
Um, but, uh, I, if I'd played Diablo 4, I bet my impressions would have been pretty favorable too,
but I guess we'll never know.
Um, horizon forbidden West burning shores. It's a DLC for horizon, uh, for Ben West
taking place in Los Angeles. So we get the Hollywood sign, uh, fire emblem engage.
It's a new fire emblem game. And I have as little interest in that as I do all the other fire emblem
games, um, blue protocol and action MMO. That's supposed to be coming out next year by Ben
dynamic and Amazon games. So we'll see, um, transformers reactivate. It's a transformers game.
That was a wild trailer for a transformers game.
I honestly thought it might've been a Titan fall game when I, you know,
Oh, good call. Yeah. But then, then it was transfer. I was like, Oh,
Oh man, Titanfall three would have been a great announcement, but for whatever reason,
no, we got another, uh, another scene from the super Mario brothers movie. This is like
something that was comprised of stuff that was in some of the other international TV spots as well.
Plus there was some new footage to it as well. Um, but it's funny, I guess. I don't know. I still
want to see it. The footage was cute and, you know, it, it, it kind of sold to me the same
thing that that second trailer did. And that is that the, the movie was definitely animated and
directed by people that really understand and have a love for the Mario to universe.
Cause there's a lot of deep Nintendo and in general catch like a lot of stuff like they're
talking about, like the antiques or whatever it's like, is this thing still working? Well, yeah,
you got to blow it in a little bit. Oh, I didn't even catch that. That's funny, but yeah, no,
there's a lot of, there's a lot of deep, there's a lot of deep cuts, like just all over that.
And so, yeah, I just don't, I hope that's honestly, I hope that's the only clip we see
sometimes with these movies, they release so many clips online and they'll, they'll all be
over social media. And it's like, I will have seen half the movie cause of clips on social media.
And it's like, honestly, let it be a surprise at this point. I you've shown enough. I I've come
around. I've got, I, at the beginning I was like, eh, I'll watch it on video, but now I'm like,
all right, I'll go see it in the theater. I want to see it. It's cute.
Uh, we got a trailer for a game called remnant to, uh, remnant from the ashes sequel, I guess,
um, behemoth. It's a meta quest VR game. They can let you be a Viking. That's neat, I guess.
Um, banishers ghost of new Eden. I'm not really sure exactly what type of game it is,
but it looks cool. Kind of game of thrones ish. Uh, Warhammer 40 K space Marine too.
Uh, it looks pretty awesome. Uh, meet your maker was kind of a neat little thing. So it's a game
rebuild like outposts, I guess. And then, uh, other people raid your outposts and you have
to put traps and stuff in them. So that's kind of cool. Uh, it's not exactly home alone with
it's like, yeah, Warhammer meets home alone. That's what I'm just imagining now, Kevin,
with the tank, um, crash team rumble, which I know has made some people, especially in my
circle, um, very happy. So a new, uh, four V four, uh, game that's kind of out of nowhere there.
Um, Lords of the fallen is got another trailer and it does look pretty cool. The one that had
me surprised, and this may buy maybe my new love instead of saints row, but crime boss rock case
city. It is the game by the folks that put together the, uh, payday series. And it is
got a, like a really like triple a actor cast and stuff in it. And Danny Glover, Michael Madsen,
there was a lot of, uh, okay. But yeah, it can base here. Okay. But Loki, do you know what I
called that game? Grand theft boomer. Cause it is all like all it's a list actors and actresses,
but they are all over the age of 60, which is what I'm totally fine with. It's fine, but I'm sorry,
it's grant that boomers, but it's, it's, I mean, I, I, they're pretty good too. Like I've watched
gameplay of it and it looks fantastic. If you go to the orange lounge radio list of dream games,
I believe many hundred episodes ago, we put a dream game on there called grandma's got a gun
and you know what, Kim Basinger here's her moment. So grant that boomer it is. Um,
and Oh yeah. Shane does point out since when is vanilla ice and a list actor?
Well, there were other A-list actors in there and, and, and vanilla more Michael Rooker, but,
you know, it's fine. I, I'm, it does remind me of like a San Andreas or, you know, like one of the
earlier, uh, saints road games where they did have like big name Hollywood actors voicing the
characters in there. And, um, I'm all about that, especially since saints road just doesn't know
what it wants to be anymore. So bye-bye. Um, so there's an announcement of Call of Duty's raid
mode, uh, that's coming out, uh, cyberpunk new DLC. So cyberpunk 2077 Phantom Liberty,
starring Idris Alda, which looks pretty fantastic. Another person who could read me the phone book.
I know. I'm glad they brought him in to get people interested in that game again.
I think there'll be a lot of people giving that game a second chance.
Um, armored course six.
That was a surprise.
I thought for sure this was good. Yeah. I didn't know that was an armor. Well,
I knew about halfway through the trailer as an armored core game, but I thought it would be
kind of cool, like an armored core dark souls type game. Like, you know, make it that kind
of hard, but armored core, but it sounds like it's going to be an dark or a armored court,
Elden ring type game. So either way, I felt like you were quaking. When I saw that trailer,
I was like, Loki is shaking and crying somewhere about this. It looked pretty awesome. I was like,
Oh yes. Yeah. Um, and then Final Fantasy 16 looks pretty cool. I still don't know what the hell's
going on in that, but it looks cool. I just don't like the combat though. Like I'm such an old
person, but like I really, the action combat stuff in there just turns me so off of these games. I,
I really miss the old Final Fantasy combat system, but I'll try it again.
I caught Odin in the new trailer and that made me happy. Cause I didn't,
didn't see that Odin was one of the, whatever they're calling him.
Espers summons, whatever they call them in this one.
Why do we have to change it every single time? Just keep the same names.
That's what they do. Um, so, and that was that, that was, that was kind of,
I gotta say though, that was a weird thing to put last. No, I mean, I get there's a ton of hype
around 16 and so forth, but it was just, it was a weird thing to put last because we already knew
it was coming. So I'm surprised, like you, I'm kind of surprised that and the Death Stranding
2 thing didn't flip, although let's be real. We all knew Death Stranding 2 was coming too,
but maybe the armored core thing honestly is strong enough to have been the last,
especially with Elden Ring winning game of the year, you know, another From Software
venture being the last announcement I think would have, would have been worthy of that. So.
For sure.
Yeah. So how are we feeling about the game awards overall? Like,
what would you want to see different next year? If anything.
Shorter.
How do we get there though? I wonder if we can get shorter at this point. I do feel like.
It's its own version of the daytime Emmys.
I that's in some regards, it's actually not a bad idea.
I think the reason the length is what it is is because they're using a lot of this as
advertising to pay for the whole thing in the first place as well. So like, I don't know if
you necessarily need to make it shorter and I'm fine with it being as long as it is. That's fine.
Cause if you don't want to watch it, you can just catch the highlights the following day. I mean,
or even just after it, I mean, it's not a big deal. Um, I think it's fine. I think it's fine
as it is. There are things that are unnecessary that feel like, like what the hell is animal
doing there? Like that doesn't make any goddamn sense. Like, I don't know what, what that was
about other than, okay, I want this to happen. Yeah. I think there's just a few things they
have to tighten up. I understand they gave away a lot of awards at rapid pace too, but, um, it's
fine. I actually kind of liked Jamie's idea though. Cause a lot of people were saying
you have enough to fill up two nights and I almost wonder if maybe some of those pre-show
announcements shouldn't go into some type of technical award show. That's a lunchtime show
that happens, you know, the day before or a couple of days before or something. I almost wonder if
there isn't enough here to have two, two award shows, but like one is obviously a little more
like, you know, the one you're pushing people towards than the other, but then at the same time
you don't want to cut away from the other. So maybe brand, I know people are saying winter
game Fest, but maybe just, you know, have, have the whole thing branded as game awards.
And maybe it could be like Wednesday is the technical game awards. Thursday is the public
ceremony game awards featuring game of the year. And, you know, have it be two ceremonies. I really
think there is enough to justify that at this point. So yeah. Yeah. Um, she hold 10 and chat
says show more winners and less trailers. You know, I think a lot of people hesitate to say
show less announcements, but I actually think it could stand to curate the announcements a
little more. I'm not sure if everything necessitated the time it was given. And I know that
sounds really terrible, but especially I'm going to give an example, a game that was already
announced last year. That's giving a gameplay update should really get minimal space. Um,
if that, if not relegated to a prior award show, I think they need to curate a little more what
they're putting into this. But at the same time, you need, you know, all those ad dollars, you
need to sell so many ad blocks. So you need things to fill that space. And if it wasn't announcements,
then we'd be bitching about lame comedy bits or musical performances. So I understand it's,
it's a very tricky navigational game that Jeff has to place. But despite all this, you know,
feedback, it sounds like I'm just complaining, complaining, and playing about it. Actually,
I again, I feel like this was one of the better shows. This show is on a good path. They just
need to fix security, fix some of these logistical things. And I think it's going to be in a great
spot next year. But I, but yeah, I mean, there's just, you know, a few things just glare out.
That's it. Yeah. And SGA 100 Matt says they actually did show less trailers this year. It,
it didn't feel like it. I'm just keeping it real. It didn't feel like it.
bonds 006 says the past year highlights on Wednesday and the actual award on Thursday.
Ooh, I like Miltonius game suggestion, a gamer's choice night. And then the critics night. That
might be a way to split some things up to you could do those esport related awards and, you
know, streamer of the year and some of that could be in the gamer's choice night. You know, some of
those things that I really like that idea. That's a good one. So I think, I think he should look at
splitting the show a little bit. Um, and I know, you know, again, people watch three days straight
of E3. They'll watch two game award announcement shows, you know, if they're, if it's done well.
So, all right. Any last thoughts before we move on? Has anybody preordered, bought or whatever,
anything as a result of the show? Nope. I will definitely, uh, put Hades two on early access.
That's for sure. So I can play that on steam and then I'm probably gonna pre-order or pre-purchase
because now that's the thing we do now is pre-purchase, but for Diablo four, I'll do it.
So I've just, that's always been my favorite Blizzard franchise and my faith in four is very
strong. So, uh, I, I, I will pre-purchase it. So, all right, let's move on and talk about
instead of things we plan to, Oh yes. Mike Deaf says I will get Street Fighter six on launch
though. I think I was already sold on six, but now I'm like really sold. So yeah. All right. Uh,
let's get into our gaming weeks. Not the things we're looking for, looking forward to,
but the things we've already played. Uh, Dar Sakura, we'll start with you. How was your gaming week?
It was the same way it usually is for me. Um, I, uh, I beat Cult of the Lamb and I'm going to still
be playing it a little bit more just to see if I can do some completion on it. Um, I don't want
to spoil the ending, but I, uh, I made a special recruitment as my decision. Um, I of course played,
uh, lots of Dead by Daylight, some off stream. I actually played with one of my newer friends,
Raven McPherse. Um, we played for a long time last night. Um, and, uh, Oh yeah. Final Fantasy
five. I thought I had beaten the game and I had forgotten there's more game after the first, uh,
big X death battle. So oops, more game. Um, more deathing, more X-ing.
The title of my stream was who, who names their kid X death anyway.
That's a good question.
Yeah. Um, and I was doing some word scapes. I'm trying to think of something else that I
want to play, you know, just to kind of, you know, change things up. My schedule changes. Um,
probably the week before, I think it's the week before I go back to work.
No, the week after I go back to work, which is going to be the 20th. Um, so, uh,
that's next month, by the way. So, um, I'm, I'm actually my days off are all going to be together.
So I don't know what that's going to do for what games I'm playing or what I'm streaming, but, um,
but I mean, that's kind of been the vibe right now is just, you know, playing the familiar,
playing the fun, you know, cause that's all I play for is familiar and fun right now.
Nothing wrong with that. Nothing wrong with some comfort food.
I'm just trying to think of those, something,
something a little bit new that I want to do. That's all.
Uh, Loki, we'll go to you. How was your gaming week?
Um, I just played Minecraft. Uh, so I was finishing up, uh, an episode of channel 64.
So I did that this week and then, um, this whole week I'm taking off to work on content.
Of course, it'll probably not end up happening, but I am, that's the plan is to work on content.
So, um, I have three different things going on at the same time as per usual. So I've got, uh,
the monsters mechanics series. I started, uh, like a live stream of, um, want to live stream more of
that, but I have an actual like episode coming up for that, that I'm doing a build. So I was
gathering materials for that. And then I started, um, a vault hunters, uh, or on a vault hunter
server with, uh, some friends from the nerd craft SMP. So, uh, they're playing over there right now.
And I got to check out vault hunters, one 18 a bit, which is fine. If you haven't played it, it's,
um, the quick overview is that basically it's a, uh, different type of gameplay where you
gather materials and you go run these vaults and it's all about collecting loot. And then
with the loot that you get, you can also, um, level up and then you start unlocking like
different mods and whatnot. So it's pretty awesome, but yeah. All right. That's about it.
That's it. Um, my gaming week, um, as I talked about last week, world of Warcraft, uh, Shane's
in chat and we've been playing a lot together. I've been playing on my own. Like I have a character
I'm leveling with him and then I have one I'm leveling on my own. Um, but Final Fantasy 14 did
announce something that has my interest. So I think when you hear me talk again next week,
you're going to hear a little more split time because there's a new boogal tome event. And
if there's anything I love in fall fantasy 14, it's more fucking cosmetics, uh, as a reward. So
I do want to, uh, go back and experience that a little bit. So I don't know. I don't know how long
I can juggle two MMOs, but I had a lot of fun, uh, streaming at the other night. We did a stream on
Friday, question mark night, I think. So, uh, it was fun. Um, other games I played this week,
uh, I think I did some debt by daylight. I believe I was on one of your streams,
Dark Sakura. We played cause I remember you, me and Gwen playing a little bit one night.
We did. And we were also joined by a Loco Poco.
Yeah. Who has to carry us all. Yes. He's so good at the game.
I know. Right.
And what a hero he'll die on hooks so we can get out. So yeah, he was, he was a good sport. So,
uh, yeah, that was, that was fun. I had fun doing that. Um, I definitely need to make sure I joined
at least once a week. So, Oh yeah. Finara brought up her double finger moment or excuse me, her
double middle finger moment. So that was great. And I clipped it, but, uh,
you got, I don't think I was in that match. No, I was. Cause I remember commenting.
It was the three of us. So Loco Poco wasn't there. And we had, wasn't it a pinhead,
sweaty pinhead that was like slugging and all this stuff. I don't know. Like the, it was just,
the pinhead was just a pain in the ass and, uh, the chain hunt was going on. So everybody was
slowed, but thank God when the hatch spawned, it spawned like right near where Finara was
and she was able to get out. And that felt like a really good way to stick it to that pinhead.
Right in the hill there. That was beautiful. Beautiful moment. Beautiful moment. And that
actually also felt extra good because Finara was usually the first one to die on hook. So I'm,
I'm glad she got to be the champion in that match and really stick it to that,
you know, pee hitty. So, all right. Um, let's see what else during my gaming week. Uh, there was
that Dead by Daylight. There was, um, Oh, I've played something new. I played soul survivors.
So I've been into the survivors genre lately because of vampire. And I kept saying,
I'm good. I think I'm going to check out the soul survivors game. I've seen other people
streaming and so forth. I did download it and check it out. And it's, it's fun. I, yeah, it's,
uh, it's pretty addictive. It's one of those things where I'm like, I'll just play one more
round. And it's like 20 minutes later, my round is finally ending because I'm getting better at
the video game and, uh, I'm beating more Titan bosses or whatever they're called. So it's good.
It's a survivors game, but it looks, it's more modern graphics. It uses the more 2.5 D kind
of graphics as opposed to vampire survivors kind of looks like ripped off Castlevania art. Like,
I hate to say it, but it, you know, that's what it looks like. It's part of its charm though.
And I think what drove a lot of people to it, uh, this one has a little more original art,
but it looks really nice. And, um, it's, it's a lot of fun to play. So good. Uh,
Infinoris' poop clicker 20 minutes of what the hell did I just play?
Seriously, it's a cookie clicker three. Um, so yeah, there's that. Uh, and then, uh, yesterday,
some friends and I went out to do Pikmin bloom because it was community day in Pikmin bloom.
Keep in mind though, yesterday it was storming here, especially in the morning. So we were like,
how the fuck are we going to do a Pikmin bloom day? Cause usually we'll walk downtown or a walk
around the college or, you know, somewhere to get 10,000 steps in. And usually there's a community
day for one of the other Niantic games as well, be it Pokemon go or Ingress. And there really wasn't
this time it was just Pikmin was doing its thing. Uh, Ingress was having an event in Japan,
but it didn't affect anything here. So, um, we were trying to find a place to walk.
We tried to go to the mall out in Roseville because we thought, Oh, it'll be empty because
of the storms. People are going to stay home. Ha ha. That place was a disaster. We couldn't
find a parking spot and we left. So we were like, fuck it. So we left, uh, we ended up walking.
Yeah. I guess the, the need for the holiday shopping superseded the storms and people
staying home. We should have, I was like, I thought malls were dying. I thought,
I thought everybody was bitching about people going to online buying now, but boy,
you wouldn't realize it over there. So there's a cute little old town, not far from there.
We just went with a ton of pokey stops and Pikmin stuff. So we walked up and down there because it
happened to be sunny for like a two hour break right around the time we were not sunny, but
clear. Uh, so we, we got our steps in. Thank you very much. And that was a lot of fun. So,
all right. That was pretty much my gaming week. All right. Uh, let's move on and get
into some more gaming news and we'll start off Loki with another big headline from the week.
Yep. Uh, so the federal trade commission has sued to prevent the Microsoft Activision
deal from going through. And, um, of course, I mean, it's a weird thing. Yeah, I get why,
but also at the same time, discovery Warner, um, HBO or whatever else. I mean, it's like,
okay, let's come after Microsoft, but let's not go after these other guys.
I get, I also get why, and this is the way I phrased it, uh, when I was talking about it on
Mastodon is that my desire for the big fish to stop eating the other big fish is superseded by
my desire to see the management at Activision Blizzard changed. Uh, and this is going to get
that done. So it's, this is the whole thing where it's like, I, I don't love the big companies buying
other big companies. And I understand people are sick of seeing that in this industry.
Activision Blizzard in particular is a problem in its current state and it needs to be fixed.
And therefore I'm like government, just let this one go. But I, I, I understand their concerns.
Right. Uh, basically saying, you know, Microsoft has shown that it can,
it can and will withhold content from its rivals. Uh, today we seek to stop Microsoft from gaining
control over leading independent game studio and using it to harm competition, multiple dynamic
and fast growing markets. I completely disagree with that considering that we've already seen
that there's still, um, they were complying with the agreements that were in place already
for Bethesda games on Sony's platform. Um,
Minecraft is one of the top selling games on the switch.
They have their games on all these different platforms. They've committed to putting those
games on other platforms. If anything, Sony does that. I mean, it's just, it's kind of weird to
hear that, but whatever. Um, but in response to that though, they have entered in a 10 year
commitment to bring call of duty to Nintendo following the merger and as well as, um,
putting it on steam, even though I think it already was on steam. Yeah, it is. Yeah.
It will still be on steam for the next 10 years.
Didn't Gavin come out and say, thanks, but we trust you. Like, he was like, you, you didn't
need to like sign an agreement. You've, you've, I thought it was because Gavin kind of came out
and said, gave new, uh, uh, head of valve came out and said, like, you guys, we didn't need a
contract. We didn't need a contract and you should be able to merge. So he's kind of supporting it.
Um, which is interesting because if you think about it, Xbox on the PC and a game pass in
particular is kind of a competitor to steam, but that hasn't stopped Microsoft from releasing their
games on steam. Right. And yeah, Brad Smith, the Microsoft president said also our acquisition will
bring quality to more gamers and platforms or whatever. And that's good for competition. Good
for customers. Um, also wrote a thank you tweet and at Nintendo, Hey, any day Sony wants to sit
down and talk, we'll be happy to hammer a 10 year deal for PlayStation as well.
What were you saying, Jamie?
Nothing.
Okay. Sorry. Um, now a lot of people are also joking about LOL call of duty on the switch.
Um, I think there's some stuff to read in there that it's sort of,
I mean, we all know it's coming, but this doesn't mean that, that if they're going to support call
of duty for 10 years, it's all going to be on the Nintendo switch. I think this just screams that
call of duty will be on a Nintendo successor. I know a lot of people are also talking about cloud
gaming and yes, the switch can handle the cloud and all that stuff. I feel like what we haven't
seen at least on Nintendo's platform yet, uh, in America. And that's a key distinction in America
is multiplayer cloud gaming on the switch. Everything that's been released resident evil
control. I've been like single player stuff. I'm not saying it can't handle it or that it
would function much differently. I'm just curious if the cloud stuff is popular enough in the U S I
would really want to see what the sales of control or those things have looked like, because I just
feel like, yes, cloud gaming is a way they could do it. That doesn't mean that's how they are going
to do it. I'm not convinced, especially until in Japan, this is a different story, but call of duty
isn't a Japan issue either like that. I mean, I'm sure there are some fans over there that import it
just as, you know, we import stuff from there and so forth, but it's just, it's, it's a non issue
for the Japanese audience. I just feel like the cloud thing isn't really proven as a big sell.
Like you're not going to sell call of duty in large numbers on a cloud switch game yet 10 years
down the line, I think cloud gaming is going to be a lot more integrated even by Nintendo. And the
story is different. But I think this just sort of confirms Nintendo has got to be working on beefier
hardware. But at the same time, if they got no man's sky running on the switch, then shit, they
can get call of duty running.
Well, yeah, but like, just because you're able to like really,
just because they can doesn't mean they should.
You can super optimize that game doesn't mean it's a testament that it will run anything like it
really won't. And yet to the actual quotes we had from like, Nintendo. So Nintendo commented
by saying that Nintendo confirms the accuracy of the Microsoft statement, we have nothing further
to announce on the topic. And then gave new all his statement was we're happy that Microsoft wants
to continue using steam to reach the customers with call D when their Activision acquisition closes.
Microsoft has been on steam for a long time, and we take that as a signal that they're happy with
the gamer reception and that we're what we're doing. Our job is to keep building valuable
features that for Microsoft and all steam customer partners. Microsoft offered even says a draft
agreement for the long term call of duty commitment, but it wasn't necessary for us because
a we're not believers in requiring any partner to have an agreement that locks them into shipping
games on steam, or for future was a distant projects or whatever. That's a dig at epic.
Uh, be Phil in the games team at Microsoft have always followed through on what they told us.
And we do trust their intentions. And see, we think that Microsoft has all of the motivation
they need to be on platforms and devices where Call of Duty or wants to be. So yeah, I think
they're right. Yeah, it's got to be on like, as many platforms as possible. Then yeah, sure,
like down the road, you know, they can start trying to get more people on their platform
using that as leverage. But I mean, it I don't think that hasn't really been their strategy
with like a lot of things like them, you know, so I don't see why they would continue doing that.
That's why like, you know, when I look at stuff like this, like, I really wish the government
would come after like other companies a little harder instead, like we have, you know, Microsoft
talking about merging and they're not like saying, Oh, hey, yeah, we made them create Call of Duty
for next year, but then we just scrapped it because we're going to write it off as a tax
write off thing, you know, oh, even though it was done and everything when you guys will just never
play it because it's tax write off. You know, that's the stuff that like Warner Discovery
things going on. Yeah, like can get her Jade, get them. Yeah, they're canning fully made movies
and stuff. So it just doesn't make any sense. Like go after them. That's the type of stuff you should
be going after. But I get it, you know, any acquisitions that further monopolizes the space
you know, industry is not good. But like, I think I'll pick the lesser of the two evils here and I
would have them go after discovery. Yeah.
So comments from chat a lot of you have your your your opinions in chat for sure. She helped
10 and chat says if Sony and the FTC block the deal, Sony will buy Activision a year later.
You know, of course, they would try. Absolutely. And I think that's that that would be so shitty,
because Sony is a bigger company in some ways than Microsoft, especially with the whole TV
and electronics. And you know, I mean, like, it's like, it's doesn't. It's wild. Let's see
other comments in chat. DJ Rama says can't be a monopoly when you only have four to 14% of the
market. I mean, facts like, again, Nintendo is a huge, huge player in this space. And it seems like
they're totally being ignored by Sony as weird is weird. Well, look at what Sony does with like the
Spider Man property talk about monopolistic and not letting their thing be on other platforms.
Like they hold that stuff hostage constantly. So I kettle black. The only thing is I'm I'm going
to be interested if it does. So yeah, as you want to match this Congress is stupid and doesn't know
the facts. I mean, t but I actually the one thing about this process that I do like is that hopefully
it leads to I don't think it's gonna lead to televised hearings. But it'll lead to hearings
that are on the public record. Maybe it could it could be on C span, I guess you never know. But
it'll be a hearings that are on the public record. And number one, we're gonna get so much NDA locked
good shit that's gonna come out in the the papers and all that stuff like like we've already been
getting like the PlayStation six thing from last week, right? Like it's all fucking coming out in
these like court documents and stuff. So we're gonna get some good gossip from all this stuff
that goes on the public record. So that that'll be fun in some ways. And two, I'm kind of looking
forward to the way the Microsoft lawyers are going to drag Sony right back. And I think there's a lot
of this that kind of maybe needs to come out on the public record. And again, I'm not I'm not
trying to be anti Sony or anything. I'm really not I love all the gaming companies equally. But
as I said in the beginning, this particular merger, Activision Blizzard needs to change.
And this is how it's going to change. And it's no different if Sony just buys them next year,
you know, it just delays this whole thing. So anyway, and also as Joe and her Matt with a good
point, the difference is that gaming doesn't have lobbyists funded by multi hundred million dollar
or millionaire funds like tobacco and so forth. And also points out FTC hearings aren't normally
public or TV congressional meetings are but I think Congress is going to be backed up with
other nonsense hearings starting next year. That house might be but not the Senate. Unless the
Senate takes up the January 6, he has lobbyists for sure they do. Oh, for sure they do. They do.
In fact, there's a whole lobbying. The ESA is the lobbying group. Look at all the good they've done.
Yeah, yeah, that that and and to be fair to SSU 100. Matt, I too would sometimes forget that
there are lobbyists in the gaming industry. Dejirama S points out, you know, another like,
why aren't they looking at this type of issue? That Saudi Arabian media conglomerate, the one
that owns SNK Playmore? Why is that not being looked at? There's a like, you know, that's the
thing. If this is going to go to public hearings and stuff, then fine, let it but let's get all
the dirt out. Let's let's get it all out there. Let's get ugly. I want it to be the real housewives
of Silicon Valley. That's what I want those hearings to be. Prostitution whore. That's what
that's what I want Microsoft to do at those hearings. All right. Anyway, once the other
thing that Microsoft may have to answer to at those hearings, the fact that they're going to
be upping the cost of their first party games, but you know what, they weren't the first to do
it. So at this factor, I think they're pretty much the last of the big companies to do this.
But the inevitable has come much to Loki's delight, I'm sure that Microsoft's first party
games will be going up to $70. Starfield, Forza Motorsport, Red Fall will have the new pricing
there. This price increase, Microsoft said in a statement will reflect the content scale and
technical complexity of these titles. Also, Microsoft reiterating, you can still get these
through game pass $9.99 per month to start, you can guarantee the price of game pass is going to
go up to guarantee. So if you want to stockpile game pass, like before the new year, like again,
you're I don't want to tell you how to spend your money. And I can't predict the future. And I make
no guarantees. But let me put it this way, I personally will probably buy another year of game
pass and add it to my account. So I'm locked in for at least another year. Technically, you could
do it up to three, but that gets a little pricey for me. But at least for a year, I want to lock in
and be good there. I'll say what I said the last time we talked about the prices going up is that
I expect a $70 game, then it's $70 game is one that functions correctly and isn't followed by
a roadmap telling me how you're going to finish the game. That's, that's the way it works. Also,
I'm not going to create your games. So that's the other thing.
And what is the delay the game and bring out a finished item?
Sorry. Well, even when they delay the game, it's still bad. Like they did that with Saints row and
they delayed it and then it still was bad. Like it doesn't matter. Starfield has been delayed. So I
mean, I hope that means it is going to be a solid title. Again. I want to believe Phil Spencer,
I want to believe put it on my x files poster. I want to believe Phil Spencer gets it. I do.
Like, I feel like again, across all the gaming executives, I feel like he's the one that gets
the current like gamer mentality more than anybody. But the games have to speak for themselves,
right. And he's not infallible either. So anyway. But as pointed out, Sony has already been doing
this. Ubisoft's been doing this take two has been doing this. God of War Ragnarok, Assassin's Creed,
Mirage, NBA 2k, they're all 70 bucks. Also should point out this also isn't it's not just going to
be for game for Xbox series. This is PC as well is now at the $70 price. You know, I'm just I'm
gonna I'm kind of feel I kind of echo the thing. I'm like, I understand a $10 price increase,
especially in the day of you know, with inflation, blah, blah, blah. When cartridges used to be more
if you know you want to say that and so forth. But again, yes, give me a game worth $70. If you
put out half baked games, you're just going to encourage your audience to wait for a sale less
and less people are going to be willing to buy day one, which is what you want industry because now
look at all the games. They're not all coming out just for the holiday anymore. I feel like especially
looking at the game awards. It's either the very beginning or the very end of the fiscal year is
when they're trying to get all the games out now actually more at the end of the fiscal year June
Hello, they're trying to get all the games out by the end of the fiscal year. So that but if you
release at the end of the fiscal year, then you're trying to make a big day one or week one splash.
Like Final Fantasy 16 is releasing June 22. Right? That leaves it like a week and a half
in the fiscal year to move a lot of copies.
No, here's just another thing to throw out there.
What's to say that some of the price hike is to get the soup, the super excited people and then
they put it on sale to lower it technically back down to a regular, regular price.
Oh, we're already selling Gotham Knights that happened with like it was like Gotham Knights
was out what like three weeks and then it was on a Black Friday or one of those sales.
Yeah, so but this way though they can keep manipulating the market too.
So it's just all a bunch of bullshit.
Miltonius Games in chat says more people will wait for sales and the sales will come because
so much of the money is made with microtransactions. They need people playing the games.
Quest Buster says one nice thing about getting a PlayStation five late finding cheap copies for
games like Returnal. That's true because when Returnal comes out on PC, which I am excited
about, it's probably going to run $70 which I'm less excited about.
Gigi Romas says I'm bothered by the $70 price tag only because I've gotten so used to cheaper
prices during the PS 123 Xbox 360 era. Secondly, I still think it's bunked that the prices are
going to be that high. Yes, I do understand that the tech and research costs have gone up,
but the production media is still cheap. But I've noticed lately most places aren't selling
CD and DVD spindles anymore. So yeah. Um, you know what, though?
There are a lot of games that are still going to be 2030 bucks. Hades 2, I bet is a $30 game tops
$29.99. It wasn't even that expensive. Yeah, I think the first one was only 20. So yeah,
I at maximum, that's going to be a $30 game and maybe another $20 game. Vampire Survivors
making waves $5 game. So thank God for the indie scene and smaller developers
to still be providing a perfectly acceptable quality of game market out there as an
alternative. So it's it's just it's going to be very interesting to see how many people buy into
the $70 price tag. But then again, I'm part of the problem, I guess because I'm looking at certain
games and I'm like, yep, I'll pay it. I want to play that game. I know I'm going to have a good
5060 hours with this game, maybe more. So I'll drop it.
Some folks in chat are talking about cartridges in that whole era. Sjo 100 Matt says it still
amazes me the games were 60 to $70 back in the 90s. Granted, consoles did cost less. Yeah,
that's because all the tech was in those cartridges. Remember how much the Neo Geo
cartridges cost? But that's because you were- How much they cost right up until the end of the
thing. Because you're literally getting an arcade board in those cartridges. I mean, it's the tech
is in the cartridge, the console is in the cartridge practically. So I mean, it really it
really is like the cheapest one I ever bought brand new was King of Fighters 2000. And it was
the only one I'd ever seen that came out for under 300 bucks.
digital mess as I remember seeing Phantasy Star IV and Virtua Racing going for almost $100. Yeah,
I think because those games in particular had a ton of RAM on them, right? Like didn't they have
like 64 megs of RAM, which for the time was huge. I might be mixing this up a little bit. But like
they just they had a ton of memory on those cartridges. So those games because Phantasy Star
IV, huge game, Virtua Racing, huge game to run those graphics and such, you know, that's why
those cartridges got really expensive was because you had to put more and more memory on them.
Shane in chat says I think Supergiant can get away with the cheaper prices,
because you know, they make a crap ton off merchandise. Good point. Their stuff constantly
sells out and they couldn't even run their own store at a certain point and had to hand it off
to another company. Well, when you you know, when you talk about merchandising, merchandising,
when you talk about that, I think of Minecraft. And you know what, Microsoft only charges 20 bucks
for Minecraft. But write in line with your comment. There's a whole fucking Minecraft
aisle at Target these days. You know, like Minecraft is is huge. Fortnite free. Also
merchandising and obviously a shit ton of microtransactions and so forth. Yeah, I'm trying to
think what else is like Stardew Valley, Stardew Valley have merchandise now at Target. I'm trying
to think what other video games I see with merchandise at Target. Oh, Five Nights at Freddy's.
Another example.
One. And we'll see. I don't have seen Piggy. I don't know what that is. But I think it's a game.
Oh, yeah, it's a Roblox game.
Oh, that's why. So yeah, no, yeah, merchandising. You make a lot of money off that too.
For sure.
Wait until our Neopets back.
All right. Moving on Dark Sakura. Also some other some other good change in the industry, right?
Yeah, so this one is a very positive thing. So a Microsoft owned company called ZeniMax Studios.
They actually have just recently the the devs have anyway, have unionized 300 of them,
about 300. It's the QA staff at ZeniMax, including developers across Bethesda.
Um, and studios that have worked on like Elder Scrolls Online,
unionized with the communications workers of America. And instead, like the the union drives
that have been going on with some other companies. Basically, we're like, we're we're sticking to it,
we're going to keep at it. They the quote is saying we applaud Microsoft for remaining neutral
through this process and letting workers decide for themselves, whether they want a union.
The company is fulfilling the commitments they laid out in their labor principles earlier this
year, while sending a resounding message to the video game industry, the right to freely and
fairly make a choice about union representation should be in the hands of the workers, not the
management. So basically, we're all these other big companies, you know, like I said, Microsoft,
Blizzard, not Microsoft, like Blizzard and a few other companies have wanted to arbitrate,
you know, step in, control how the narrative goes, Microsoft is like, this is you, this is all you.
They also organized the QA at Raven Software and Blizzard Albany.
But the the managers at ZeniMax have been given very clear guidance to remain neutral.
Over about the next four weeks, the QA staff will either sign their union cards or vote through an
electronic portal. And with majority support, the union will then be recognized by Microsoft
and become the largest in the gaming industry. So good for them. Good on them. And good on
Microsoft for that, too. Yeah, I'm appreciative that Microsoft sort of sees the writing on the
wall. I think where this and the industry again, another reason why I'm like, I think Phil Spencer
gets it more than a lot of folks in the industry and is is letting this go through basically and
just letting it happen because it will whether they want it to or not. I like the the statement
from the spokesperson at Microsoft. I'll just read it verbatim. The recent organizing efforts
of ZeniMax employees and Microsoft is ZeniMax and ZeniMax's neutrality toward this is an example of
our labor principles in action. We remain committed to providing employees with an
opportunity to freely and fairly make choices about their workplace representation.
Oh, go ahead. Yeah, I'm just saying that that's pretty, pretty big.
SSJ100Matt in chat with a great comment. The industry is slowly getting unionized. It's a
great thing. Don't listen to the industry when they try to blame the unions for the higher game
prices. Good point because they will. Making sure workers are treated and paid fairly benefits the
people working on them and lastly, the games themselves. Great point by SSJ100Matt and quite
honestly, a call out to the gaming press and the press in general. When you're going to print these
CEO statements that are trying to blame the unions for the higher cost, you need to print what the
CEO made last year right in the same sentence. If you're going to print that sentence that the CEO
blamed the salary, then the next sentence should be Bobby Kotick made X million dollars in stock
X million dollars in last year. Those two need to go together.
The other thing too is you also need to look at the corporate interests of the people
of the companies that are reporting this information and what they're looking like for
their union policies. Just saying. It's a big picture.
Well, sadly, just in time before the holidays with Hanukkah next week and Christmas in two weeks,
our industry's not being nice to some people.
It's like a yearly tradition. Hey, it's Christmas time. You're fired. So, IGN has laid off some
of their staff as well, just before the game awards, no doubt as well. This affected some of
their content engineering and ad sales, part of a large restructuring across Ziff Davis.
So, don't know exactly how many are impacted yet, but quite a few people have lost their
jobs from there. Then of course, to go along with that, to get all your holiday shopping done
at GameStop, well, they're also facing layoffs as well. Ironically though, it is coming in the form
of engineering staff as well. Well, right now, they also don't know what the impact of, or how
many staff were impacted, but it is at least six software engineering staff that have confirmed
that they've lost their jobs there, but it's mostly impacted the blockchain wallet development
I was going to say, I wonder if it's because that NFT market landed like a turd, like it just like
no one, NFT, no one fucking T cares. I don't, no one fucking touched it. Thank you. Yeah.
The NFT marketplace, like that's, that's, that's unfortunate, but, uh, you know,
cause obviously the people making that were just trying to do a good job, you know, and I don't
fault them, but you know, it just, it was a bad vision by the executive in the first place who
I'm going to guess was not laid off as a part of this, but probably should be. But unfortunately
that is how this industry works far too often. So yeah, anyway, no one fucking touched it. So I'm,
I'm yeah, I, I, yeah, not the retail workers at this point. I mean, I'm sure that they've
also done different things to reduce head count for whatnot, and they were still restructuring
what they said. Oh yeah. Now that we're emerging from our rebuilding phase of our transformation
GameStop has a strong foundation, blah, blah, blah, which to pursue profitability in the
near term, substantial growth and blah, blah, blah. Um, it's not wealth that trickles down.
It's bullshit. Yeah. Well, it's, it's a sinking ship that they're trying to,
you know, shovel water out of. And the NFT was like trying to,
it was dumb, like trying to use a dime to stop, you know, a bucket size hole. So anyway,
like anyone could have told them that was, I mean, people did tell them that was a dumb idea,
but, um, they see dollar signs and it's different. Um, you know, going back to the
IGN thing a little bit though, I feel like, you know, media obviously in general has been
taken a hit, you know, obviously G4 and all that a couple months ago. Um, you know,
I was kind of thinking about like, why does media seem to really be taking a beating? And, you know,
when it was G4, I think we were just talking about, I think there was a lot of ways that,
again, management, it was mismanaged and I think mis-marketed. And I think they,
they spread themselves too thin with seven different preferences online. However, that
being said, I think there was just also a lot of, they had to compete with, you know, streamers,
YouTubers, and just other homemade content. And I think in the case of IGN, it's social media
and like, just honestly like accounts like Wario 64 on Twitter. Now I personally don't use Twitter
anymore, but I recognize the fact that accounts like, you know, Wario 64 and some of the other,
you know, gaming, what, Nebelion at a time. And there's just, you know, and other like,
God, it doesn't even have to be somebody that exclusively tweets about it. Just
when you have a curated list in general, wherever you're at, Mastodon, Instagram, TikTok,
you know, wherever social media you're at. I think a lot of people are kind of getting
their news as a part of that now. And if IGN doesn't have a smart strategy, like
IGN, if IGN's social media presence read like a Wario 64 feed, they probably would be in a
lot better shape. But it is what it is. Anyway. People.
Yep. All right. Moving on. Let's tell this is wild. So it came up on last week's show,
or maybe two weeks ago, that Yuji Naka had been arrested. He was detained about insider stock
trading, basically, that he knew that there was a Dragon Quest spin off or something coming out.
And he had bought some, some shares around that, you know, you're not supposed to do that. That's
what Martha Stewart went to jail for. Although, many people could argue that, you know, she went
to jail to be a symbol and all this other stuff. But I digress. Insider trading was hypothetically
what she went to jail for. So Yuji Naka is now being accused of the same thing in Japan. So that
happened a couple weeks ago. And now it's being reported, he got arrested again, about the battle
royale game Final Fantasy seven, the first soldier, which didn't they pull the plug on
that actually. But yeah, they did. But again, he bought shares right before the 2021 announcement
of the game. Of course, you probably know the name Yuji Naka from Sonic the Hedgehog being
the creator of that. But then of course, he worked with Square Enix on Ballon Wonderland.
So one would imagine he probably did have some inside thoughts as to what was going on there.
Of course, that will all have to be proven in a court. And I admittedly do not know how that
works in a Japanese court versus the US court. So I will just have to rely on the news to keep
me updated on what's going on with that. But yep, in this latest report, apparently he bought shares
in a team entertainment just before it was announced that they were going to create Final
Fantasy seven, the first soldier, he paid 144 7 million yen, that's over a million US dollars,
just over a million US dollars for 120,000 shares. He was arrested alongside Tai Suke,
Sasaki, a Square Enix employee, who also was arrested over that same aiming issue in the last
month. Interesting. So also to be noted, they released it mobile for, excuse me, they released
the game on mobile in November last year, and then less than a year later, it was shut down.
No word if he sold his shares before that happened. But I doubt it.
People don't pay attention. They think that they're going to be above it, that no one's
going to catch it when all this stuff is on the public record.
Yeah, it's just and it's it's hard for some people, I think to think with Yuji Naka,
you know, and again, this whole thing is alleged. So we can't say for sure. But
boy, fool me once shame on you and fool me twice. Right. But this whole thing is not get,
you know, it's like, Oh, he's the guy that we saw under the hedgehog. I love that game as a kid.
Well, some of our childhood heroes, it turns out are shitty people. It's unfortunate.
All right. I'm just like, what's the saying? Never meet your heroes.
Oh, right. Yeah, that's true. Anyway, let's let's try to focus on some heroes that are
hopefully less shitty in this next segment we like to do here at Orange Launch Radio every week.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull
out a classic and tell you about it. It's time for the Classic Game of the Week.
And while I get the video up here, Dark Sakura, what did you pick for tonight's
classic game of the week? It shows Street Fighter x Mega Man or cross Mega Man,
however you prefer to say it. Um, yeah, we're we're doing another fan game.
No, I love it. And a crossover. So the game came out on December 17 2012. I know I'm a little bit
within that 10 year period. But I think it's fine because we're we might be missing a week anyway.
So at any rate, the game was developed by a fan developer in Singapore named Sial Zong Hui,
I think I pronounced that right. And he did it as a labor of love, just a little, you know,
private development. And he sent an early build of it to Christian Zvenson, who is Capcom's senior
VP of consumer software at Evo 2012. And then he showed that and then he showed that build to
several staff members in the Capcom office. And Capcom's like, Hey, we're gonna help you out.
And he's like, cool. So he continued to develop the game based on his original design,
but Capcom took over the things like the funding, the marketing QA and decided to
distribute the game on on PC so that the creator wouldn't have to deal with license for console
development. And Svenson said that Capcom could consider console releases in the future,
but just chose to release it on PC so it could go out at its target date.
There were some concepts that were scrapped in its creation. But let me rewind a little bit and
tell you what the game is. So the game, it plays like a Mega Man game. It has Mega Man or Rockman
right in the front. And you go through their levels the same way that, you know,
Mega Man always does. But your bosses are Street Fighter characters. You have characters like Ryu,
you have Blanca, Chun-Li. I remember Rolento, Rose. What's the dude with the- I can't remember
his name now. No, not Dalsim. I know Dalsim is in there, but the dude from Street Fighter 3.
Oh well, I can't remember. Anyway, Crimson Viper is in there. But if you clear certain conditions,
you also can fight hidden bosses in the form of Sagat and Akuma slash Golgi at the end of the game.
It's not Urien, is it?
I don't remember.
Yeah, it's Urien. That's it. Yep. Okay. Anyway, back to the development on this.
Basically, there are other concepts that he had to scrap that Zangri did.
Yang was supposed to be in there, but was replaced by Chun-Li. Although his special
weapon is still included via cheat codes and he wanted to put alternate costumes for characters
and a second playable character where it's one of the Street Fighter people, but that got scrapped.
There were several complaints about the game crashing after it was released and also about the
user interface and the lack of a save system. So in response, Vincent said that there was a patch
being discussed and then it was released on January 28, 2013 as Street Fighter X Mega Man
V2 and it had a better user interface, better controller compatibility, bug fixes,
and a password system that looks a lot like the Mega Man Mega Man 2 ones and an additional boss
character. The music was all done in chiptune by Luke Esquivel, also a underscore rival.
Esquivel became evolved when he actually reached out to the developer to request being a full-time
musician for the game. He compared his own stuff with the previous musician and so he was brought
on. He combined Mega Man themes and Street Fighter themes for certain songs and he used elements like,
for example, Ryu's theme mixes with Crash Man's music. So it's pretty cool the way the two marry.
And then there's some completely original ones like the Wily map theme and the beginning of the
end theme and the soundtrack was considered so popular that the soundtrack got released. I love
it. There was an EP with four tracks that is called Street Fighter X Mega Man extended volume
one on February 8, 2013. It had four extra ones. It also had a remix of Ryu's theme,
Young's theme that was unused, Voice Collection and Sagat's theme. One of the things I have to point
out is how clever they mimic speech. If you go and listen to Ryu, even though it's not actually
synthesized speech, it sounds like he's calling out his attacks. I would say more based on the
Street Fighter II version of them just by mimicking intonation and tone from when he says
it. I think it's quite clever. But the game actually really did exceed expectations. They
haven't released any official real numbers for that first week but again they're like,
damn, this was enough that it caused strain on their servers. This was noted by Capcom
Senior Community Manager Brett Elston. And by March 3, 2013, the game had been downloaded
one million times. It got mostly positive reviews. The initial game had some very mixed reviews but
clearly they listened to people. They put out that better one. There were some people who were
just way too critical. At Edge, they gave it a 5 out of 10 noting inconsistent level design and
limited functionality is its biggest flaw. But I don't know. It plays like a Mega Man game.
I mean, it's not perfect but it's a really enjoyable game. The soundtrack is really part
of what makes it shine so I'm really glad that the developer went with A-Rival. It's just a great
game. It's absolutely worth bringing up. I have parts of the soundtrack on my permanent rotation
on my video game music soundtrack. There it is. Classic game of the week. Street Fighter
across Mega Man. For a side project, again, very impressive because this really wasn't an official
Mega Man game but it's kind of embraced. But it was enough that Capcom didn't notice.
It's dang impressive. I like that pick because I like this game and I like these types of
fun little side projects. It's the little fan game that could. It became a real game.
It did. It sure did. It didn't even need a Blue Fairy. It just needed Capcom.
But I agree. The soundtrack is a real highlight of the whole game. I can see some of the minus points
on the level design and so forth. You could even see it in those two stages.
At the end of the day, as far as what it is, what it brings to the table,
just the fact that they designed it all that way, it still deserves massive kudos. The game
had probably zero budget so it's amazing. I think it was cool that Capcom handled the
rest of the side of it. They did actually give some funds for development.
I'm glad they didn't pull a Nintendo and C&D it.
This is the thing that Nintendo needs to pay attention to. Look how lucrative
something like this could be. What if they had put it out for Steam for, say, two bucks?
Right? Imagine two bucks a million times. Just saying. It may be chump change, but it's change.
Matters to somebody.
All right. Well, thank you for that pick. Let's move on and cover some other video
game news around the industry in rapid fire news. We will start with Loki.
So the latest episode of The Simpsons brought in a nice cameo from Roblox or in this one,
it's Bo blocks, obviously. The whole premise of the story there is that apparently Bart was
playing like an Assassin's Creed VR type game. And because it's too violent, March made him play
a more kid friendly game. And that's where they got into Bo blocks. And then he finds out that
he can do some of the cosmetic items and sell them for real world cash because their computer is so
old. So it ends up this whole racketeering thing with Skinner and everything, trying to earn money
to, you know, fix up the school and stuff. And then there's like gang rivalries, other school
gang rivalries and stuff like that. So it sounds hilarious. It looks funny. I'll have to check it
out. But yeah, funny to see blocks and a Simpsons episode. And then I've still amazed that The
Simpsons is still on TV making fun of current pop culture. It's pretty wild. It is. And then
Halo Infinite is getting a cool update this month with a custom game browser. So all those things
in Forge now, you can check out and play them, which is pretty cool. And there's been some really
neat creations, everything from Andy's bedroom to I think I saw Princesses Peach or Princess
Peaches castle and they have like different game ideas like paintball and stuff like that. So
yeah, pretty cool. Worth checking out if you have a Halo Infinite or game pass to grab it or that.
Yes. All right, Dar Sakura.
You got the mute on Discord.
There we go. So for anyone who is a fan of the classic series ToeJam and Earl,
there is a movie in the works at Amazon Studios. Especially since there was the crowdfunded
game released just not too terribly long ago. But it's being produced by Unanimous Media,
the studio that was found by Stephen Curry, screenplay by Amos Vernon and Nunzio Randazzo,
both who worked on Hotel Transylvania and on Disney's upcoming Superfudge series.
I want to say I should have known about that. I love those books.
But also it's co-produced by Story Kitchen. So there's people with big names involved in this
one. But it doesn't say really a whole lot about it. So hopefully it'll go by the original game,
you know, just that they get marooned on earth and they have to put their ship back together
and leave. But I hope they keep the satirical nature of the game. So this would be
hopefully this will be good. You caught the attention of several people in chat with the
whole Superfudge reference, Tales of Fourth Grade Nothing, that whole thing. But apparently,
I did not know they were doing that again. Didn't they do a series in the movie or something?
And then a long time ago. It's been a while ago. Yeah, I can't remember either.
But I kind of would like something focused on Margaret.
Oh, a timely update for that.
I have I've read Are You There, God It's Me, Margaret, like when I was really little.
And because I mean, these books were written in the late 70s, I think.
Yeah, late 70s.
I would love to have an updated story for Margaret if they're going to try to update,
you know, Farley Drexel Thatcher, good old Julie, how I remember his name, for real.
And the baby's name Tootsie.
The one this is not the same author. But when I think of childhood books that were huge,
like around that age, when I were reading those books, like fourth grade stuff.
Thank you. Did you remember it says there was a Superfudge TV series in the 90s ABC Saturday
mornings? Really? I didn't know that anyway. Um, but I think of the Ramona books.
And they yeah, PBS did do see because that author died relatively recently,
like a couple years ago, and she was like 99 or so she was, you know, up there.
Encyclopedia Brown. Oh, my God.
Okay, I know that they made a movie for it, and I have yet to see it. But one of my favorite books
as a kid was from the mixed up files of Mrs. Basil E. Frankweiler.
Oh, yeah, they they did a TV. Yeah.
Yeah, I loved that book. I've read that book so many times. Like,
I used to have dreams of just moving into a museum.
Um, the other the other one would be the roll doll. But even though I, I believe wasn't wasn't
he kind of issue it but but I remember still reading like Charlie and the Chocolate Factory
and I read the glass elevator, which elevator was an interesting story.
Did they ever make that they weren't going to and he his he denied it.
Because he was he was displeased with how the movie turned out.
Yeah. Phil of nine and chat says doll was canceled. All right. But But you know what,
I was like 10 when I read those books. So but James the giant peach was a huge one. I remember
Disney did a thing on that. So yeah, so. Wow. Dr. Seuss's Beverly clearly was 104
when she passed get out. I thought she was like late 90s. I mean, I know she had a nice long run,
but that's incredible. All right. Anyway, sorry. rapid fire news is turning into book chat
with the orange lounge bookie. Oh, anyway. And but here's the thing. Judy Blume is still
alive and still writing. Mm hmm. Yeah. Yep. As she says they did a remake of the witches
a few years ago. Yeah, apparently it did not. It kind of landed thud. I guess people didn't
want to see that one remade because it was very creepy. Didn't and it creepier. Yeah,
didn't Anne Hathaway put well, it was also true to the book, the grand high witch,
if I'm not mistaken, which was she played the grand high witch. Because you know, they
wait, of course, you know, but just for the audience, they completely changed the 80s,
which is the ending is completely different. But I believe the new one had the original
that the first movie had a happy ending. Yeah. Anyway, we thought that him staying as a mouse
was a happy ending. Oh, let's let's talk about some games that were out around that age. We
were reading all those books. And thanks to arcade archives. We got another game on the switch that
I'm sure is on its way to PlayStation as well. It's Pac mania was the game for this week. It
released on December 8 2022. This of course was Pac Man going 3d although it was more like 2.5 d
but that's what 3d was back in that era. And of course that infamous jump button that made the
game a lot easier. So you probably always got a little further in Pac mania than you did the other
games but yep, that is on the switch e shop and I'm pretty sure it's got to be on the PlayStation
four as well as those hamster arcade archive releases tend to be. Alright, let's travel
around the world and check out some games that will be out this week. Although I imagine it's
got to be slowing down. No, no, says Logie. No, there's not much. Oh, not much. Okay.
No, this week, though, we do have some big stuff. So we have crisis core Final Fantasy seven reunion
on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation four, PlayStation five, Xbox one and Xbox series.
High on life on PC, Xbox one and Xbox series. The Witcher three wild hunt on PlayStation five
and Xbox series. Looks like aka or aka on PC and it's in the switch. We have Akai katana shin on
Nintendo Switch, PlayStation four and Xbox one Azure Striker gun volt three on PlayStation four
and PlayStation five black tail on PC, PlayStation five and Xbox series. River City girls two on PC,
Nintendo Switch, PlayStation four, PlayStation five, Xbox one and Xbox series. And last but
not least, Megaton Musashi X on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation four and PlayStation five.
Well, going to Japan and looking at the releases there. Yeah,
this crisis core Final Fantasy seven reunion appears to be worldwide. So it's on Japan's list
too. And that I did not realize that was still on deck for this year. That's a pretty big deal. So
that is coming out in the 13th. On the normal release day in Japan, the 15th we have some
other games for Nintendo Switch, including Akai katana sheen comes out them's fighting herds gets
its Japanese release on December the 15th. The cosmic fantasy collection is also out in Japan
on that day. And we also have WRC generations. Tetsudo Nippon real pro Tokyo Soko comes out as
well. And because we have to have a SpongeBob SquarePants game even in Japan the battle for
Bikini Bottom rehydrated not remastered rehydrated is out in Japan on the switch this week as well.
Also, if we go over to the PlayStation five, just that same crisis core rerelease
is out on the PlayStation five as well. Otherwise, nothing specific on the 15th.
How about Europe dark soccer? I have a literal handful on the 13th for PlayStation Xbox and
switch we have crisis core Final Fantasy seven reunion. And then Hello Neighbor on Xbox Hello
Neighbor two. That that that's all that's on the list. All right. All right. We have a few more
stories for you. And then we're going to be inviting you all to participate with our show
if you want to ask some comments in our chat, although you might want to hold off on any
questions till we get to that segment. But if you want to give us a call, you sure can. All you got
to do is have head over to our green room over at vog network.com slash discord. And I would
encourage you to join the discord server and, you know, discuss things throughout the week with us.
You know, a few stories in tonight's show roll were saved, or excuse me, were noted for the
show roll, because you posted them in discord, like the $70 game price, Microsoft, somebody had
posted about that earlier in discord. And I think we have one coming up to that also is from discord.
So yeah, we love to read and chat along with you all there. So I know everybody's trying to get
you to join their discord server. But I promise, it's a lot of fun over vog network.com. We don't
spam with the everyone in the here. So please, please head on over. All right. Loki, what do you
have for us? Yeah, so there's this really cool mod that's been worked on by this guy. Janae Gosar,
he's a developer in Slovenia. And it's basically a mod that takes the cities that you've created
in SimCity 2000, and ports them over to Minecraft. So these said, basically, the reason
why he made it was because there have been other mods out there, they've put in the terrain from
SimCity 2000 and import into Minecraft, but nothing with the buildings. So he went ahead
and coded it himself. And so it actually uses the SCG format from SimCity 2000. And you can then
pop it into Minecraft, it looks like he made it for a pretty old version of Minecraft, because
looking at the one he's flying around in is, it looks pretty old. But it does mean it does create
structures, at least in the areas where you would have had those buildings. And so you can even kind
of walk around some of them as well. There's like some basic interiors on some of them. But yeah,
it's pretty cool. A very narrow use case for that, but still neat.
So I was finally pulling this up, so I could see this myself. But yeah, probably has a very
limited use case. But it's one of those like, neat. So it's actually loading into save files
from SimCity 2000 and converting into Minecraft, because that's pretty cool.
I think what it does is it takes the save file from SimCity and converts it into a Minecraft
map. Yeah, as you can see, like looking at the textures and everything here, I mean,
we probably like with some tweaking, you could probably make it look even better.
Yeah, with the block palettes now, because I think, like I said, the version that he's running here
just based off of the glass textures and stuff. Yeah, and the draw distance is much better now.
Yeah, it is. Yeah, it is like this is very old. Like you could make this look way better now. But
that's still neat, though. It's fine. It's still it's in the quite an accomplishment.
Yeah, for sure. I mean, just that whole concept of like taking a save file in one game and using
it in another like I love that. Like it reminds me of how like what was it your Mass Effect
save file could be read by Frog Fractions too. Remember that?
What? Why?
I don't I don't it was part of the what? It was Frog Fractions, Loki. Why is the overarching
question? You know, that's
But for what purpose did it do that? Like
it was part it read something in this save file and affected the Frog Fractions story
because that's what happens in Mass Effect. But also
found that article from December 27 2016. Oh, really?
Yeah, Frog Fractions 2. Right.
And they said that it wanted to import data from Mass Effect 2 save files into Frog Fractions 2.
Upon doing so a second screen pops up. Well, welcoming Commander Shepard. And they
just it doesn't actually do anything. But it it welcomes you as Commander Shepard.
Okay. Then that's more akin to Psycho Mantis reading your save card and seeing Oh,
I see you like Castlevania. That type of thing.
Or when Cloud is all crazy and he says Xenogears when Xenogears was coming out, but
it was all spelled phonetically. As J-100 Matt making a good old
SimCity action news report saying the sun has gone down and creepers are storming downtown if
you hear hissing run. If you again if if you don't understand the SimCity and anytime this
fucking game comes up, we always reference the classic CD-ROM that had the action news and they
were very poorly public access channel level acted bits that would announce when monsters
were invading and all this it was just to show off the video on CD-ROM otherwise it was it was
just fucking SimCity. But it was it was so bad it was good. Anyway. But these these games and
these apps have come a long way haven't they Dark Sakura?
And in fact, here's another development. There's an app called Calm, which is like a mindfulness
app. And there it's going to have if you have a calm premium membership, you can actually have
the ocean of Sea of Thieves or the ambient noise of Zeta Halo from Halo Infinite playing in the
background while you're meditating and being all chill. If you aren't a member, you'll be able to
access that service for three months with Xbox Game Pass Ultimate. And then after that, if you
want to keep using calm premium, you get a 50% off discount for the first year. Normally, the full
year is like 70 bucks. So they say that they Xbox teamed up with calm to support players mental
health and well being. It has a collection of Game Pass titles to address mental health as well.
For you know, to give a sense of escapism like Persona five Royal Hellblade Sanua sacrifice
unpacking and Stardew Valley. Fill a nine in chat asking a good question here saying do other
people use video game music for meditation and relaxation? I listened to Wow, and Minecraft a
lot to chill and relax. Minecraft music is super relaxing. Yeah. It's just it's interesting to me
to hear Halo alongside calm. I get that it's like ambient spaceship noises, basically. But
I just think of like, Xbox Live back in the day during Halo three, and I think stressed. That's
the other app. So anyway, yeah, deezerama SS persona five Royal should not be a game listed
for mental health. But it's it's it's not the game. It's the ambient noises and the
the sound effects and that whole thing. Oh, this one actually is a game that's listed
as to help. Oh, is it escapism or something? Oh, interesting. Well, aren't a lot of video
games escapism at the end of the day, I guess. Interesting. All right. Well, moving on. Let's go
back over to Loki. Yes, it's another week of what did Nintendo cancel this time? Or I should say
what did Nintendo cancel that someone else was working on this time. And today's episode is going
to be followed by or it is actually I believe did you knows gaming. It was the heroes of Hyrule was
a video they were doing about a DS game called heroes of Hyrule, which was a tactic. But Nintendo
has struck down because Nintendo being Nintendo. It was it was a pretty good video was a long one.
And they even put out like a bounty for, for something about it. But um, but yeah, they did
a really in depth episode. It was a really good one. I'm glad I got to see it before it was taken
down. Yeah, so of course, you know, you know, this is the heroes of Hyrule video was created
using the same process and video editing style for most of the videos on the channel. What sets
the video apart is that one of the few videos on the channel that documents piece of Nintendo
history that was first uncovered and reported on by us. But yeah, so that's unfortunate. It says
we've heard from several sources during the videos production that Nintendo was were becoming upset
with the amount of former Nintendo employees that were willing to talk about and share material from
unreleased games, failed pitches and other canceled projects. This did not deter us and
will not deter us from documenting video game history. As it should, as it shouldn't.
They do amazing stuff. And I interesting I did not know it was obvious I didn't see the video
but dark soccer kind of you bring up that bounty and I wonder if there's something about that,
that Nintendo really didn't like. I don't know. It's interesting. I don't know. I don't know. I
mean, it was, there was a lot more in the video. They really did have a lot of, a lot of former
employees talking as well, different, different like drawings and some different things that were
submitted. And, you know, the few screenshots, you know, there was about, they did a lot of digging
because this had been really buried. Yeah. Yeah. It had been pretty damn buried. Let me ask a silly
question, but I'm sure it's something someone on the internet saying this somewhere. Do you think
Nintendo pulls something like this? Cause they're planning on bringing it back? No. Or was this so
far gone? I think they're just, I think they're just doing this because it's, it's showing
Zelda stuff. And so they're like, no, that's so weird. They could, they could benefit from some
of that. Yeah. It's a part of video game history, you know, and I can't see in chats as Nintendo
preservation. What's that? Yeah. It's, it's so wild. It's a copyright strike.
It's just like the old, um, remember the old copies of Nintendo power that were in the
archive or whatever those got struck down too. So it's, it's, yeah. Cause that was really hurting
the bottom line. Yeah. But it's not anything. It's just, they're being jerks or protecting their IPs.
That's what it's always Nintendo didn't do it. They would, you wouldn't be able to have their
IPs anymore. It's like, I don't know about that though. Like they're not really, it's not like
someone's creating a game called Zelda out there that that's a little different than someone making
a documentary about a game that was canceled. That's not protecting their ID. That's just like,
we're just not suing you because that's, it's not something that was worth our time.
People do like the unauthorized behind the toll scene story about the cast of full house and
things like that, or these books and stuff. They don't get shut down, you know, even though the
stories are less than kind to some of the people that were on it, you know, it's one of those,
they don't, they can't shut that stuff down. It's, it's documentary from people that were there
telling what's going on and sometimes interpreted into a lifetime movie and that stuff. Or what was
the other one they did recently, the saved by the bell, uh, behind the scenes thing. And that was a,
you know, disaster too, but you can't stop that. So it's, it's wild to me that Nintendo can get
away with it, but it's because YouTube unfortunately doesn't tend to side with the content creators,
even though I thought they were supposed to start doing that.
It's well, right. But it's there. Well, they're not going to take a stance at all,
but it's more of, there is a process in place for this, but what that process would be is that
you counterclaim it or you, you say, listen, you know, I am, you know, not,
I'm counterclaiming your claim or something like that. Basically saying that, no, your claim is
wrong. I am free to use this. And then you take it to the courts and then tend to win because they
have more money than you. That's, that's really what it comes down to. And so, because people
don't want to take it that far. Cause they're like, it's not worth, not worth it for me to
be litigious about this, um, and defend this in court. So then of course, they're going to bully
them into whatever they want. Uh, did your, um, S and chat says,
Nintendo of Japan doesn't understand. That's why this is all coming out of the Japanese office.
And that honestly, you write. It's slowly going to erode away though. Um,
they're good will. Again, we need the gaming press that gets access to Nintendo to ask these
types of accountability questions. I realized they don't want to pick up the phone and just say,
why did you pull that video? But Nintendo will be sooner rather than later promoting a new Zelda
game, Tears of the Kingdom. And when that game is being promoted, it needs to be asked, um, why,
you know, uh, since we're talking about a Zelda game, you, uh, once had a Zelda game that was in
production and there was a YouTube video that was trying to document some of this for history to,
why did you copyright strike this? Why did you go after it?
They just promoted that game at the game. Then I'm saying that, but this is what the
gaming press isn't doing that they need to do. Ask these questions. When they're trying to promote
their product, you got to follow up with the tough questions, but they don't want to because
they'll lose access. I didn't realize they were working with
Zeltik on, on the video though. Zeltik is a really good, uh, Zelda lore person.
Yeah. Anyway.
I was trying to check some of the, the archives, see if maybe someone had put it up.
I'm sure someone's already. Oh, I'm sure once on the internet,
always on the internet. If that master file is probably a torrent somewhere now. So, you know,
I'm, I'm sure somebody within the, did you know, gaming side probably didn't let that
video go to waste and I don't blame them whatsoever. All right. Uh, well speaking of
Nintendo, I got one more story tonight and it's about Mario Kart 8, uh, Mario Kart 8 deluxe,
which of course was released on the Nintendo switch some time ago, but remains one of the
best-selling games on the platform. Like who doesn't have that game yet? I don't know. But
anyway, uh, wave three of the booster course pack just came out and with it, a new customizability
option for the items. Unfortunately, no, it doesn't let you customize the actual items.
That would be kind of fun to turn the mushrooms and things, uh, into other items. But
what it does let you do is it lets you, when you are going to play online,
you can play a custom items mode via the free update that brought the booster pack as well.
You can choose which items are used in offline versus races, meaning if you want to disable the
blue shell and only the blue shell, you can do that now. Yay. So that's the whole type of thing
that custom items is doing is, uh, allowing you to turn on and off what items you want to have
in the race. Seems like such an obvious thing, but it's nice that it's there now, you know,
probably one of those things that really did come through with feedback about I'm sick and tired of
those fucking blue shells. What can we do about it? So there you go. Uh, my depth also points out
the lightning item got nerfed that I did not realize. Interesting. It probably needed it.
Let's be real, but you could also turn that off. If you don't like that item,
you could, you could have it be, uh, green shells and bananas only. If that's what you want.
I'll just as fuck the blue shell. I actually have a pin on my old purse. That's the blue
shell that says fuck you. It's all blue shells. It's all or play a giant one
just so I could throw it at people. That would actually be really funny is like play a race.
That's all blue shells. Like everybody carefully not being in first right up until the end. That'd
be really funny. All right. Uh, that's, that's it for the stories we had on deck tonight. Um,
so we're going to look to you all in chat. If you have some questions for us over at twitch.tv slash
vog and network, we'll take those now. Uh, of course, if you want to, uh, give us a call,
you sure can over at vog network.com slash discord, just join the green room and we'll
get to some calls. Um, let me ask Loki though, real quick, if there's any, uh, last minute
stories or other things that came up that you want to bring up. Uh, right. Games is doing net ease
over hyper fronts saying that it's copying Valorant. They do look very similar. Um,
little too close. Yeah. Uh, all of our creative choices are mirrored in net eases game. Uh,
we don't think that changing the color of the character ability or slightly modifying the visual
appearance changes the fact that it's copyright infringement. It's like the old saying you can
put lipstick on a pig, but it's still pig. I love the fact that he added that the end,
um, comments in chat, um, on other games, uh, Phil of nine says I was shook when I logged into spell
break today and saw a countdown timer for the server shutting down. I had no idea. Only 29
days left. Yeah. I missed that. That game was doing the same thing for a DVD mobile.
DVD mobile's shutting down. It's going to be delisted, I think for revamp or something,
but it has to do with net ease. Oh, interesting. Huh? Yeah. Like they're saying like, if you want
to download it, do it now, which I think I already have it on both of my devices, even though I don't
play it. I think I had it once on my phone, but I got rid of it for the space. But maybe if I
have it in my history, I can still grab it. I don't know. Weird. Uh, that sometimes,
no, if it's, if the content is removed, then it's gone. Okay. That makes sense. Yeah. Yeah.
Then you'll need to like that, that may be emulator that made its way onto the store
that I grabbed on my iPad before it was removed. You certainly can't redownload that. So yeah,
they can, they can PT things that they have to, I get it. Um, let's see. Um, I can't see talking
about the Mario Kart story pointing out. It could be good for tournaments. That's true,
but look out. Cause if you hold a Nintendo tournament,
you might be up for a whole other disaster by the way. Didn't,
did, uh, didn't, wasn't there more follow-up on that whole saga this week? Like that guy,
that CEO resigned, I think I read. Yeah. They, they, they, they let the CEO go,
but well, he resigned to CEO, but he still owns the thing. So I don't know if that really makes
a difference allegedly. Um, so yeah. Yeah. I don't know. Uh, great question from, I can't
see in our chat. How do we email questions? I have a big one for next time. Please participate
at orange lounge radio.com is the place to send those emails, uh, fill of nine with a good
question. What are y'all gaming over the holiday break? What are y'all gaming over the holiday
break me? I don't have much of a holiday break, so I don't feel like I exactly have an opportunity
to get caught up on a backlog, so to speak, but I really want to finish Pokemon scarlet.
I really do. Like I'm missing these Charizard events and it's making me sad.
So I want to do, I want to finish Pokemon scarlet. That's for sure.
Um, um, I was going to say I'll do, uh, probably lead Minecraft. And then I do want to play high
on life a little bit. Cause that looks stupid. Nice. Um, um, we're probably doing our, our retro
game thing, um, on new year's Eve. So we'll see how that goes, but I'm going to keep playing the
stuff I've been playing. I might want to make a cameo. I think I mentioned that last week.
I'm booked until like nine 30, but you know, I'll come over for the actual countdown,
play some pinball. And if you, and if you want to, you know, actually, uh, play, uh,
on stream with me at some point too, or even not, I'm always down to play. I'm sure. Uh,
another question in our chat. Hello. Hello. Uh, poncho 72 is in our chat. Longtime listener,
first time viewer. Well, welcome. Thanks for being here poncho. Uh, I like the burger time
mentioning. So when we, for those that are only on the podcast feed and haven't been here on Twitch,
uh, poncho seat notices that I have an arcade one up, which is a burger time machine behind me.
Essentially it's a data East collection because it has, you know, caveman ninja has bad dudes and
karate champ are all on it as well. Um, but it's a burger time cabinet. And I always said from a
long time ago that if I could ever get a burger time machine in my house, I'd get one and the
arcade went up close enough. It's a limited edition too. They only made like 4,000 of them.
And, um, I was hoping to move some things around this weekend, but, um,
there's something waiting. That's all I'm going to say right now. I need to make a little space.
So, uh, tune in next week. That should all be taken care of. I have to get a,
I have to get an extension cord to set things up the way I want to, but, uh, stay tuned for that.
But anyway, uh, the real question that poncho 72 had here was, do you guys have any thoughts on the
Evercade thinking about getting one? Um, ironically, I mean, no Evercade, those, those
Evercade are the, um, the little portable devices that have the cartridges with packs on them. And
there was, there was a data East one recently because I think that data East one is on sale.
Um, so, uh, yeah, I, I don't own one, so I can't give you impressions. Uh, but I, I kind of want
one like that portable one that's coming out here. Pretty soon. They have a portable one and
they have one that you hook up to your TV and like the cartridges work in both. Right. Yeah.
It's all universal. Uh, as Joe and her mat says that Evercade exp was interesting. And then I saw
that story about their entire stock being stolen. Yeah. But there's a lot of, like, there's a lot of
cartridges for that, uh, Evercade thing now. Like, aren't they up to something like 20 different
cartridges at least. Oh, it's more than that. I think. Yeah. It's really been growing. I,
I want to get one. Maybe, uh, I was going to say I'll ask Santa for one, but Santa already, uh,
took care of business this year. So maybe in the future, 27. Okay. There's 27 retro cartridges.
So like a links collection, a code master in television, those types of questions,
37, I think. And then for arcade cartridges, they have another eight,
but then they have a Commodore 64 cartridge as well, which, you know, I'm all about that. So,
yeah, I kind of want an Evercade honestly. Yeah. They have like the Intellivision stuff. There's
also, um, uh, the, some of the nest maker people have games on there. Yeah. So it's not just love
to get mine on there. Yeah. Right. They have two, they have two collections of those. I will sell
I will sell very cheap, like very, very cheap. Yeah. You can just put that on there and fine.
You need to email somebody over there. How do I get myself one of the collections or something
or figure out the producers of the prior ones and figure out their email or something. There's
way there's ways to figure it out. Like, I know the people like that have had games. I like,
I recognize their games. I they're in the community. I just don't know like how you
would even get on these cards. Yeah. Pancho 72 says I almost bought the home and handheld one
for $150. So yeah, I I'm thinking about it. Like, you know, it's obviously this time of year kind
of stinks money wise, but that might be something I'm eyeing for early next year. I think the
Evercade is a pretty cool concept. So yeah, the home one now is only a hundred bucks too.
I still know what it is. I'm, I'm wanting, that's lots of steam gift cards.
So I can buy one game. Oh, the Marvel $100 costume edition.
Yeah. I want to play midnight sons and I want the season pass. So the ultimate edition is like
a hundred bucks. I understand.
It's annoying me and my love of having all the outfits and characters.
No, I get it. I get it. Um, as Joe and Matt says, I did see a review that the older Evercade
cartridges have problems with the exp, mostly just size. Like you can't get the card out of
the system when it's in, but there are a fair, apparently fixing the newer exp models. The one,
that's the ones that were stolen cheese. That's too bad about the stolen ones, but
well, thank you for the question Pancho. And if you do get your hands on an Evercade,
I'd love to hear more about it. Um, and I, I, it doesn't sound like anyone in chat has one yet.
It's definitely on my radar, uh, just because, uh, I love the idea of the, the fact that the
cartridges are home and portable. Um, but just to get the arcade machines, you know,
pretty relatively reliably on like the big screen, I think is always a lot of fun. So nice.
All right. Well with that, I think we're out of stories and that means we're out of show. So we
should go around and get everybody's final thoughts. Yeah. I, I, I, Oh yeah. I should,
I guess I should. I knew that, but the listeners didn't. Sorry. Yes. There was no email tonight.
Participate at orange launch radio.com. If you'd like to send an email for a future week,
which it sounds like somebody in chat did, which is great. Um, all right. Let's, uh,
go around and get everybody's final thoughts. I will say here at the end of the show though,
thank you so much for, uh, downloading our show and listening to it. Uh, or if you were here live,
that's awesome too. If you enjoyed what you heard here at orange launch radio, please tell a friend,
uh, help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice,
but we need more voices here to put out on air. So, uh, a nice five star review on a site like
Spotify, iTunes, wherever it is, you found the show that goes an awful long way. Uh, also just
sharing on social media is great too. Uh, you know, whatever you can do to get the word out,
we appreciate it all. Thank you so much. Um, that's all I have to say here. So let's get
final thoughts, dark Sakura. I imagine you are doing some Debbie delight tonight. I saw
an RN chat. So I imagine y'all are off to have some fun. Yep. Go ahead and move on into the queue,
opening up my game. And I would really appreciate it for people to hang around and chat with me
because that's the most fun part is being able to have a peanut gallery.
Uh, any final thoughts tonight? That was my final thought. Oh, okay.
All right. Oh no. Uh, give me steam cards. That's my final thought.
All right. Oh, what's your, what's your username? Dark Sarah, dark Sakura. Okay.
Just making sure we send this, just making sure we send those steam cards to the right place.
That's all. You'll see a neon cherry blossom. Okay. I'm pretty sure that's the one I'm using.
All right. All right. You can always issue a correction on social media if you need to. All
right. Have a good one. Have a good stream. You too. Uh, Loki, your final thought for tonight.
Uh, hopefully you'll see more content for me this week. I'm hoping to get a lot of it out.
Sounds good. Sounds like you're going to be hard at work this week.
Yeah, hopefully. Uh, my final thought tonight. I don't, I don't
have a lot. I'm just, um, just thankful to still be doing this show after all this time. And the
fact that there's people that listen to it means the world. And, uh, yeah, just, uh, the holiday
season is really sneaking up on us. So I hope everyone has a good one and, uh, 2023 will be
here before we know it, which I can't believe I'm going to be 45 next year. Like time fricking flies.
Can't believe it. All right. Well, that does it for another episode of orange launch radio.
I hope you all have a wonderful night. Thank you so much. And we will see you next time. Bye
everybody. You've been listening to orange lounge radio. Orange lounge radio is a production of
OLR studios to join us for our live show. Tune into vog network.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific
9 PM. Eastern the views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those
of the staff of orange lounge radio nor vog network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
