The X-10 event brings us a barrage of Xbox news.
You'll see less Guitar Hero in 2010 and what new video game is getting a movie screenplay
written for it.
Hello everybody out there and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
It's the show where every gamer has a voice.
My name is Rob Roberts.
We'll be talking to you over the next few hours here live at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com.
Joining me as she does every week, say hello to the one and only, Dark Sakura.
I hate that noise more than anything.
You know that, right?
I love that noise.
You do that just to make me mad.
Also, just so you know, Jamie's a little sick tonight.
So- In the head.
Well, that's a given.
That's always.
That's like your thing.
I've had the crap.
Right.
But you're not like coughing and sounding plague-y, you're just, your voice is a little
eh.
Yeah, it's basically been the kind of cold that kicks your ass and saps your energy.
So you might be hearing a little less of Jamie tonight, so thank God, no I'm kidding.
Bite my ass.
Hearts.
But I am busy.
Yeah, she's knitting over there and having fun.
Crocheting.
Crocheting, I'm sorry.
There's a difference, right?
It's a double half crochet, to be specific.
Also say hello to somebody who probably doesn't know the difference between crocheting and
knitting.
Tech master, Loki.
Maybe I do.
Oh, maybe.
Oh, do you?
Okay, guess.
What's the difference?
The difference between crocheting and knitting?
Here's your clue.
Just the tools used to do it?
I really don't care.
Yes.
Anyhow.
What is this, a video game podcast or a show about knitting?
I don't know.
Maybe that's a spinoff show you should have there on soccer.
I am sending a hat to one of our listeners.
I know you're doing a comic show.
To our friend Rob.
Not this Rob.
Not you.
You're making me a scarf.
I'm making you the gayest scarf ever.
I want a rainbow Doctor Who scarf.
That's what I asked for.
It'd be fun.
Alright, hi.
Who cares?
We're here, of course, every week live Sunday nights, 6 o'clock Pacific Standard Time right
after the Bobby Black Wolf show live at All Games Radio.
Big thanks to them for letting us steal their bandwidth every week.
It's www.allgames.com.
If you want to check out our own website and our show archives, you can head over to www.orangeloungeradio.com.
Tonight we're going to start off the show as we always do with a little bit of how was
your gaming week.
Dark Sakura, I know her voice is kind of bugging her.
I'll go to her anyway and ask how our gaming week was.
Or better yet, you know what?
I bet I could guess.
I'm going to do my impersonation of Dark Sakura's gaming week.
You ready?
Right.
Okay.
First off, I played Star Trek Online and I saw some Borg and it was cool.
I didn't find any Borg.
I fought the Gorn.
Then I watched my husband play a first person shooter.
No.
But it made me sick, so I decided to play Peggle.
Peggle!
No, I haven't played any Peggle.
I found a fuck.
I thought that was pretty good, Loki.
I don't...
Why do you sound like Clarence from Wonder Shosen?
I don't know.
What are you running from?
I did play Star Trek Online.
Of course you did.
I did shoot the Gorn, not the Borg.
The Gorn of the Lizard People.
Oh, okay.
And it was excellent.
And then I played Solitaire on my iPhone and did not play Peggle.
I found a Flash version of Bust-a-Move, or Puzzle Bobble.
And then we got out some obscure game system from the vault and hooked it up and played
it.
No.
We played Chrono Trigger.
I'm sorry.
We played Super Nintendo, and Dan was playing Ninja Gaiden 3, because we have the Ninja
Gaiden trilogy on this mess.
I'm sorry.
How dare I say an obscure game?
Rob.
What?
Love you, mean it.
You did bring me coffee, so I forgive you.
All right.
Do you want to try and do my gaming week?
Do you want to try and do my gaming week?
Well!
Pretty close.
Pretty close.
Let's go to Loki next, though.
How was your gaming week, Loki?
I just played lots of Grand Theft Auto.
Actually it was funny.
I didn't run into him, but my co-workers ran into somebody that was actually cheating.
Like they had their console modded in a modded version of the game, and they were cheating
that way.
But granted, we could do that again, but I just don't want to have to have all these
banned consoles sitting around, you know?
Sorry.
Can I just say in chat?
Of course, I haven't given them a shout out yet, but we always welcome our chatters every
week.
You can go to OrangeLoungeRadio.com if you want to join us live on this Sunday evening.
If you're listening via the podcast, there's other ways you can interact with us.
Our Twitter feed at OLR, our Facebook at OrangeLoungeRadio, or of course our mailbag.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
VidPower's live in our chat tonight and says, do Loki next.
Play GTA IV then worked on Arcade Cabinet.
That would be the Loki impersonation.
No, that's about right.
No.
So we, I watched him play this guy, and you know, it was just stupid, but still winning.
I actually, I think I'm now in the 80s for, what was it, the true skill rank in a single
death match.
So that's kind of cool.
So top 80 players of the world.
And then in just the cumulative death match ranks, I'm about to break 200.
So I'll be in the top 200 there, which is cool.
And I still frustrate my coworkers a lot because I win all the time.
That's okay.
You frustrate your co-hosts too.
That's all right.
That's not because I win all the time.
And then I played more Borderlands, so that was fun.
And just kind of working a little bit through that.
And download the two expansions for that, so hopefully I'll play those soon.
And then finally, did work on my Arcade Cabinet.
I replaced the graphics card that was in there with a much faster one, and much better one.
Because before I had an Arcade VGA card, because they were meant to output to an Arcade Cabinet.
Well, you can do it with other graphics cards, but you have to run a special driver to do
it.
And so I did that.
And it finally took me forever to get the work right.
But now I can play my Niomi games full speed.
I can play Street Fighter IV full speed.
The only thing I can't play full speed right now, that I really wish I could, was my Taito
X games.
Like BlazBlue Continuum Shift is still kind of slow, so I would need to get a slightly
newer graphics card to get that one to work just right.
I think.
Because the one I have right now, the graphics card is only 64-bit, which I should have bought
a newer one, but whatever.
So most of it works.
Alright.
Anything else you want to add?
Nope, that's it.
Alright.
Let's see, DarkSakura was kind of right when she was doing the impersonation of me there.
I did play a little bit of WoW this week, still leveling the characters.
You know what my payback is going to be for poking fun at DarkSakura.
Not making fun, poking fun.
I tease because I love, I'm going to catch whatever she has, so I'm going to be here
next week.
Oh come on, let's watch radio.
No, you're going to be laid up for three days, not able to get out of bed.
And that'll suck because I'm supposed to move next week into my new place, so I really don't
want to get sick.
Remember, remember, friends help friends move, real friends help friends move bodies.
Alright.
Anyhow, let's see.
I put the fun in Dysfunction.
My game week.
Not just WoW, I did play some other stuff too.
Although I did ding 37, I'm almost 38.
Anyhow, on my warrior.
Has to be said in a row.
Shut up.
Let's see, other games I played this week, because I did play some other stuff.
Okay, you remember last week on the show, if you listened to last week's show, I was
squeaking all over the place because Blaster Master Overdrive was coming out on the Wii.
Which is, you know, this sequel, if you will, to the original Blaster Master on the NES.
You know, of course there was a version on the Genesis and Game Boy as well, but we're
just kind of, I guess, assuming those didn't happen.
And this kind of came out of nowhere.
It was released this week on WiiWare, and so of course Monday I go home from work, automatically
download this thing right away, and I spend a little time with it, and I'm sure everybody
wants to know my thoughts because I was so excited and I was happy about it last week,
and so I played it, and well, I guess maybe I overhyped it a little bit.
It wasn't all that.
Well, here's the thing, it wasn't bad.
It just wasn't what I thought it could have been.
A couple things I noticed right off the bat is that it did not support 16.9.
It was, it still had the black bars on the left and right side of the screen on my widescreen
TV.
The controls were a little weird, like I know the vehicle is supposed to control a little
odd, but I felt like they overcompensated in the Blaster Master game.
One of the things that kind of bugged me is I felt the different stages didn't have a
lot of differentness between them.
There wasn't a lot of uniqueness between the levels.
One level was cave, and it had brown walls, and one level was outdoors, but you go into
a cave right away.
The other level was like ice cave, and you have blue walls, and when you go into the
overhead areas, they're not that exciting.
They look like the dungeons from the 8-bit Willow on the NES, just different variations
of a little maze like that, and I wasn't all that floored with it.
But then you have to look at the other side of it.
The game was only $10.
They did Metroid it a little, like you have save points, you have maps, I don't like the
way they did save points because only certain caves have save points, and sometimes you
don't want to drive around for 20 minutes looking for a save point.
I wasn't as thrilled with the save system as I guess I could have been, but then again,
you think back, a lot of old games you'd have to look around a while for a save system.
You know what kind of weirded me out about Blaster Master Overdrive?
Here's the thing about the game.
I kind of felt like I was playing a game, and I really give this a lot of thought because
how did they turn this around so quick?
I felt like I was playing a game that had been made for another system and then finished
for the Wii.
I seriously think what I played was made for the PS1 or PS2, and then for whatever reason
it didn't happen, it came out on the Wii instead.
That's what the game kind of felt like to me.
It felt like a mediocre PS1 game just suddenly now on the Wii.
But again, the value, $10, the music kicks ass, a lot of the remixes are really cool,
and there is that nostalgia factor.
My only other big bitch, and this is damn near a game-ruiner for me, this is why I can't
play Blaster Master Overdrive for long periods of time, the controls blow.
They absolutely blow, and it's one really logical flaw that makes it blow.
You use your Wiimote tilted to the side like an NES controller, and all the buttons pretty
much are used.
You use the A button, the giant one, to switch weapons.
You use the 1 button to fire your weapon, which makes sense.
You use the 2 button to fire a super weapon, which you do once in a great while, and you
don't want to hit that inadvertently.
And then you use the trigger button on the back of the controller, while you're holding
it like an NES controller, to strafe, which if you want to be very successful in the first-person
or whatever you would call them, it's not even Jason, I think it's Alex now, in the
Alex areas, if you want to be successful, you have to be able to strafe.
And using the trigger button when you're trying to hold it like an NES controller to strafe
sucks.
Like, you're not holding it, like, I don't know who thought that, and that's the first
thing that made me think.
Why can't they just do it the old way, where you would just hold the fire button down,
and then it would just stay firing in that one direction, and you can move around and
strafe, and then you just basically let go of it, and turn, and then hold it down again
to shoot a different direction.
Or just be able to remap the buttons the way I want them.
Like, you know, most games have a options menu with controls.
Well, maybe they'll patch it back in.
Oh wait, they can't, that's right.
Oh wait, no, it's the Wii.
It's the Wii.
You can't patch on the Wii, so forget it.
And ActDeft asked, does it have classic controller support in our chat room?
It does not.
You can only, which I thought was a glaring omission too.
You can only play it with the NES controller, or I'm sorry, NES style regular Wiimote tilted
to the side.
The controls blow.
I was really irritated that I couldn't remap it, and that's the first thing that made me
think.
I think someone just brought this over from like PS2, and thank you chat rooms for reminding
me, Dartitsuya said they did release a Blaster Master on PSX, they did.
So I don't know if this was like a sequel that they started to make, or a PS2 version,
I don't know.
Or again, I'm hypothesizing just based on what I played, it didn't feel like it was
made for the Wii, because I think if it was, it would have supported 16.9.
So the controls really kind of ruin it for me.
And it's too bad, because at the end of the day, it still seems like there's a fun game
in there somewhere, and for $10 it's still not a terrible deal, it's just I would urge
you to go spend your money on the original, honestly.
That's what I'd do.
So that was Blaster Master Overdrive.
Other stuff I played this week, Castle Crashers, randomly, for some reason that game came out
what, almost a year ago, and I'm just now getting around to playing it, for real.
Spent some time playing that game in two-player local mode, and the only problem I have with
it is that sometimes it gets to be a little bit monotonous, as all of those old games
like the Ninja Turtles game, and the games that's based off of Final Fight and all that
do, it's just, you know, kick, punch, punch, kick, kick.
But I gotta say, that's like the only negative I can think of.
I think, as far as Castle Crashers goes, I love how they have all these little in-jokes
and they really souped it up, and they added some things into it, like, you know, fighting
each other to see who can kiss the girl, and the little power-ups, and the magic.
You know, I think they did definitely take that genre of gaming to the next level.
So I was, you know, definitely Castle Crashers is a good buy, if you haven't already bought
it, I mean, it's like, what, the best-selling Xbox 360 arcade game, so I imagine most of
you own it.
I'm slow in getting around to some games, okay?
And then, I didn't really play a whole lot else in depth, but I watched my boyfriend
play tons of games because he got a brand new monitor this week that's like a 25-inch
monitor, it's huge, it's very similar to Dan's monitor, it's gigantic, and I just watched
him play, like, Left 4 Dead 2 and Half-Life 2, like, every neat-looking game he owned,
he had to load within the scope of, like, two hours, and it was pretty, I will admit,
it was pretty, and you know I played WoW on that thing, too, and it was very pretty, very
pretty.
Anyhow, that's about it for our gaming weeks, so we're gonna move on, we'll get into some
news here in just a moment, but first, we want to take some housekeeping.
It is Valentine's Day, so for those that are celebrating Valentine's Day, happy Valentine's
Day, hope it was a good one.
For those that aren't, well, take a moment to celebrate what you really love today, video
games.
Join our chat, chat.orangelandrado.com, and talk about the latest in gaming news this
week with us, and of course our Twitter and all that other stuff as well that I mentioned
earlier.
Okay, let's get into some actual news tonight.
X10 event, lots of news, right, Loki?
Yes, lots of interesting news, some of which was being covered by, well, about Dead Rising
2, which they announced will be coming out August 31st in the US, and then coming out
later on in Japan and Europe later this week on the 2nd and 3rd of September.
And if you remember, I mean, the original Dead Rising came out, I think, 07 or 08, around
the same time, I know it was in August, but that's pretty cool.
And then some of the stuff they were also showing off about it, apparently, of course,
since this, you know, being X10, they announced that they're going to have an exclusive to
Xbox Live, Dead Rising 2 K0, which is a prologue to the sequel of the game, and will kind of
work as a game add-on.
And not only that, it's basically going to be the demo for the game.
So you'll get to kind of get your Dead Rising on slightly earlier than the game actually
comes out.
Well, now, Loki, demos are usually free.
And I'm guessing this is not going to be free.
Um, maybe, yeah.
Well, okay, maybe.
I mean, maybe I'm not giving enough credit, I mean, if it's just going to be a giant advertisement
for the game, maybe it will be free, who knows, but I just kind of doubt it.
I don't know why.
I'm being skeptical.
You never know.
History shows this kind of crap is usually not free.
Oh, we have a special guest here on tonight's show.
Hold on.
Say hi.
This is...
No.
Who's our special guest tonight?
This is Julian.
Wait, we can't hear in the mic.
This is Julian.
Hi, Julian.
How old is Julian?
He's two.
Julian's two and has the best shoes in the world.
They're lighting up.
Julian, sit up.
Do you like video games, Julian?
He says no.
Tell them in the microphone.
Do you like games?
No.
Well, then, I don't know if we're going to be able to talk too much on the show tonight.
Do you want mommy?
Do you like to play the guitar?
I think he's afraid of the microphone.
Oh, no, he's not afraid of the microphone.
He's just being obstinate.
He's being too.
All right, anyhow, sorry, Loki.
Go ahead, Dead Rising.
Okay.
So, Dead Rising, case zero, should be coming out shortly before the release of Dead Rising
2.
So, expect it this summer.
That's Rob.
All right.
It will have achievements and all that good stuff, though, right?
Yes.
You know what would make a good, by the way, we have comments in chat room, chat.orangeonstrader.com.
Black Wolf in chat, our good pal, Bobby Black Wolf, who's on before us every Sunday at All
Games Radio, says, Julian, sounds like the ferret.
We need to get him to say, excuse me.
All right.
No, he's the one to look in the garage.
Because that's where all the pinball machines are, huh?
He loves the garage.
Of course.
Of course he does.
All right.
He's a boy.
Sorry.
We let a two-year-old derail the show, but that happens.
He doesn't like games, though.
I know.
No, he goes back there and watches his dad play on his Xbox all the time.
He just doesn't.
His dad's playing Mass Effect 2.
He doesn't like the nerds playing this show.
He just has to get used to everybody.
I know, I know.
He's like a cat.
He's got to warm up, too, a little bit.
Okay, so, anyway, back to Dead Rising.
You know, what I think would be an interesting kind of demo is, I heard this kind of like
as a rumor.
I don't know if this is true or not.
Loki, maybe you've read up on this.
I heard they took the picture-taking thing out of Dead Rising 2.
That's not part of the game now.
That is not part of the game.
Well, wouldn't that make like a neat little download thing?
Like I took pictures of zombies or something like, you know, Dead Rising Snap.
No, I don't know.
Maybe if it came, well, it's been on the Wii, so maybe they could do a version of that,
like on the Wii.
But no, I don't know if that, I mean, it'll be fun, because I remember I played the first
Dead Rising demo a lot, because it was like a 15-minute demo or something like that or,
you know, a pretty decent-sized demo and you could just run around killing zombies and
that's it.
Same thing with Saints Row, the 15-minute, or it was the 30-minute demo for that, and
I think Crackdown had that, too.
But those are really good demos, and so, you know, if it's like a prologue to the game
and with some additional content, yeah, I'll check it out, definitely.
So I mean, Dead Rising's awesome, so.
Yeah, I mean, I enjoyed Dead Rising, too.
It was kind of a pleasant little surprise.
So I'm kind of curious where they're going to go with the sequel.
I like the picture-taking thing, though.
That was the whole opening of the first game, was like taking pictures, wasn't it?
Yeah, but see, he's not a journalist this time.
This time, he's like, you know, a duct tape expert, because, you know, that's...
Is that an actual job?
You can like...
What would you study in college to become a duct tape expert?
Fusion, I would imagine.
All right.
Let's move on to some other Xbox Live-related news, and this has to do with some of the
other things that were teased at the X10 event.
For example, instead of doing a Summer of Arcade this year, I shouldn't say instead
of, they'll probably still do the Summer of Arcade, they're going to do what's called
a block party in the month of March, and that's what Xbox Live is going to be doing.
The first game that's going to come out on March 3rd is called Toy Soldiers.
Scrap Metal is coming out as well, as well as Perfect Dark.
That's right, they're going to do a remake of Perfect Dark, and that's coming out on
Xbox Live Arcade this March, and also, kind of coming out of nowhere, Game Room is coming
out.
It has been confirmed that that will come out in March, so at least we have a target
date for that.
I'm guessing, just kind of out of the blue, though, that will be the last week of March.
That's going to be the big last thing.
What's getting the last slot?
Or Perfect Dark?
One of the two is probably getting the last slot.
I don't know.
I had to say I got to watch a little video of the Perfect Dark playthrough, and it was...
Can you jump in this one?
I believe.
I saw him jumping.
It's just a remake of the N64 one.
Well, you can't jump in the...
I don't know.
Well, by the way, some of the price is already out for some of those as well.
Perfect Dark will set you back $10, 800 Microsoft points.
Toy Soldiers and Scrap Metal, $15 a piece, that's 1,200 Microsoft points.
Of course, Game Room is free to download, but it will cost $3 if you want to play it
on one system, either your 360 or your PC, 400 Microsoft points or five bucks for both,
or 50 cents, 40 Microsoft points for one play, which I always thought it was supposed to
be two plays, two quarters for two plays, but I guess they scaled it back to one.
So there you go.
Those are the prices of the games coming out on Xbox Live in March.
So definitely a very busy month.
Anything you guys are looking forward to?
I mean, I'm all about Game Room as much as I'm a little bit irritated that I've bought
a lot of those games before.
You know what else I played this week?
The other night, I think Alan was playing WoW or something, and I was there hanging
out, and I just fired up old Atari 2600 games.
I started playing Pitfall 2, The Lost Caverns.
I was playing that for a little bit, and then I was playing an old, old game called, and
I can't remember the name now, Dragon Fire, I think it was called.
It was, there was two modes to it.
One was where you were running across the drawbridge and you had to dodge the fireballs,
and then the second screen was you had to collect all the treasure and dodge the fireballs
from the dragon.
I think it's called Dragon Fire.
I played those games for like an hour.
It's crazy.
So I'm all about Game Room and playing some of the classic games again, as long as it's
not stuff I've already bought, so I won't be buying Scramble, thank you very much, or
Frogger, or Tempest, or anything else that's already been on Xbox Live.
I'm not buying Frogger just despite Frogger, because I hate the just incessant whoring
out of Frogger.
Konami, get a new game to whore out, seriously.
It's not Frogger itself, the classic game that you have a problem with, it's the incessant
whoring of the franchise and what has become.
They have made me hate the original game of Frogger now.
Well, I remember when they first came out with that Frogger game on PS1, it was awesome.
Like that first Frogger revival game was awesome when it first came out, but then it's like,
that's all they make now.
So I don't know.
But the original Frogger's okay.
My favorite Frogger, Hello Random, was on the Commodore 64.
It was called Frogger 2 3 Deep, and it was three different screens.
You had a sky screen, and a ground screen, and an underwater screen.
And you could go between the three screens, or you could dock your frog at the end of
one particular screen.
It was weird.
You know what?
My memories of Frogger were of being in fourth grade on roller skates playing at the skating
rink in Dothan, Alabama.
There was a roller rink in Roseville, California that I used to go to.
I think it's still there.
It's called Roller King.
I used to play Spy Hunter in the arcade there.
They had that same Frogger machine for at least ten years, and I would play it every
summer on roller skates.
Lots of Frogger hate in our chat room, chat.orangehonker.com.
Ray Ayanami says Frogger sucks, Spyro says Frogger is scary, ToaGak says Frogger go get
hit by a car.
To this day though, I play Frogger best on roller skates on an arcade machine.
I play Spy Hunter best on roller skates, which always fascinated me because it had a gas
pedal on those machines.
I'm sure the roller skates did not.
I would like to see Frogger Shattered Soldier.
The funniest thing I ever saw.
With the Kiriyamaoka doing that.
I think this was in Chico, at a roller rink in Chico, California where I went to school
for college.
They had a DDR machine in a roller rink, and the first time I ever saw that I was like,
you know something bad is going to happen on that machine.
Some idgits gonna hop up on there and try to play in roller skates.
Now Hitstun is showing the other side of the spectrum here.
One other comment about Frogger.
I don't know how we got on this tangent and then we'll go to Dark Sakura with another
news story.
But Hitstun gives another side of the token here.
Frogger is a great first video game for kids.
That's a valid argument.
I think it's a good kid video game.
Loki?
Do you think he has a point?
They want to turn him off of video games because they're going to frustrate the hell out of
them.
I can look at it as an educational tool for hand-eye coordination.
You want a good first kid?
No, if you think about it-
It's a classic excuse we use with our parents.
Mother, I'm working on my hand-eye coordination.
The best idling-
Go on.
Dark Sakura, sorry.
But you're dealing with the concept of objects in motion.
So honestly, and I've actually found a study on this a few years ago where they were talking
about games like Frogger as being ones that teach about physics in motion.
So-
Well, but couldn't you learn hand-eye coordination from Street Fighter IV?
You know, let the kid get his butt kicked a little.
But it's the whole point of things moving in opposite directions of, you know, horizontal
versus vertical movement, you know, spatial relations.
All right, fine.
Azure Edge, in chat, by the way, jumped in and said Battle Toads was his first game.
It's a game that gets you-
There's a game.
Sick of-
I can already tell you what mine was.
Pong.
Oh, of course.
And then kangaroo.
I don't remember what my first first game was, but I have really early memories of playing
combat.
It was probably combat when the family got an Atari 2600 and Spider-Man.
I remember going in my mom's bedroom where the Atari 2600 was hooked up so that she could
limit my play time to play Spider-Man.
We always had crypt equip at my friend's house because we had an Odyssey 2.
Now when I was- the first system that I think I owned myself, that and then just given to
me, but one that was bought for me, was my ColecoVision.
We played a lot of Turbo and Mouse Trap, Adventure and Gorf.
I always wanted a ColecoVision, but my mother-
I think I have two.
My mother wouldn't give me one because she says we have an Atari 2600, we don't need
the other one.
Which, you know, she made a point.
The ColecoVision, I'm sorry, was far superior.
All right.
Especially since I had the expansion module that you could play Atari 2600 games on.
Plus once we got the Commodore 64, that's really all I played for years and years.
I didn't even touch the 2600 anymore, it was all about the Commodore 64, that thing was
awesome.
What was it?
The TI-85?
Nice.
Yeah.
Okay.
Sorry, let's move on with more gaming news.
Okay.
Back to- fast forward to now.
Sorry.
Sorry.
I really shouldn't have been talking that much too.
That's okay.
Well, Halo Reach Beta has a date, it's May 3rd, but only if you already have ODST.
At the X10 event, Microsoft made the announcement that the multiplayer beta was going to begin
for the ODST owners, so that means you have to actually have the ODST disk to access the
beta.
So, yay, I have it.
Well, yeah, I mean, it makes sense.
I mean, the people that are going to want to play Halo Reach right away already have
Halo ODST.
I mean, it makes sense.
I imagine if you're a Halo fan, you know, it's not like they're pairing it with a
game like Crackdown, where you have to kind of go outside the genre to pick up this game.
Like, remember when the Halo 3 beta came with Crackdown?
You had to buy this completely different game to get access to the Halo 3 beta.
Crackdown was fun, though.
Yeah, although it turned out, I mean, thankfully, Crackdown was a pretty good game, but imagine
if it hadn't been.
You know, that could have been a bad thing.
But it makes sense that they're doing it that way.
I have to tell you what the joy of Crackdown was for me.
It was coming in the house and having Dan and Will play Crackdown, going, I like jumping!
And that little high-pitched voice, I like jumping!
I like jumping!
Okay.
I know.
And then it gets stuck in my head.
So every time I think about Crackdown, I instantly hear Dan and Will in my head going, I like
jumping!
Well, you won't have to worry about that when Perfect Dark comes out.
So, all right.
I like not jumping.
Loki, what do you think of the whole Halo thing?
I mean, for me, I'm like, oh, darn, I would have liked a free demo that I could download
and play, but I can't hate on what they're doing.
They did the same thing with Crackdown, of course, they did the same thing.
So I'm not surprised that they're doing the same thing with this.
So I really don't care, because I didn't play much of the Halo 3 beta, and I just can't
see myself playing much of the Halo Reach beta.
I mean, Halo Online for me is just not that big.
I mean, yeah, no offense, I understand why people love their Halo, but I haven't really
been into it myself since Halo 2, which, as we talked about last week, I'm not going to
be able to play much longer anyway online, unless, as many folks have speculated, Microsoft
does a Halo 2 for the Xbox Live Arcade, like a revival, which wouldn't surprise me at all.
But I didn't really get into Halo 3 that much, so I can't see myself getting into these other
ones.
Even my college buddies call me up and say, Rob, you gotta get Halo Reach so we can all
play again.
I'd probably do it.
We'll see.
Let's move on.
Loki, you have a lot, a lot of news here, coming from another presser.
Yes, EA, they had a bunch of stuff coming out.
I want to say it's from their end of the fiscal quarter stuff, and they released their tentative
release schedule for fiscal 2011.
So running from April, or I guess, yeah, April to April 2011.
And of course, some stuff's not a big surprise, you know, sequels to big franchises.
One that's already been teased already, Dead Space 2 is slated for early 2011.
I didn't really say when, I guess Q4 of 2011.
So somewhere between January and March of 2011, you can expect that one to be coming.
Of course, on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360, I believe they're skipping the PC version
this time around.
Some other things also been teased before and are coming by holiday of 2010, Crysis
2, which was on the cover recently of one of the game magazines, supposed to be taking
place in New York.
And Sims 3 will be making its way out to consoles.
Also NBA Jam coming this holiday, and EA Sports MMA, supposed to be coming out between October
and December of 2010 as well.
And some other smaller stuff also being put out.
Of course, new Harry Potter, tie in with the Deathly Hallows.
And those games make money, those Harry Potter games, they make money, and they've only got
a little bit left.
Actually, they'll probably still find a way to crank out those games even when the games
are done.
Oh yeah, I can see them doing some, you know, hell, they did Lord of the Rings games for
the longest time.
They have another Lord of the Rings game coming out.
Harry Potter MMO.
You know someone wants to do it.
It could be Epic.
Do a Harry Potter MMO with all the people I know that are like really into the Harry
Potter fandom.
Just log on to LiveJournal, you'll find tons of people that love Harry Potter.
That would get Nellie playing MMOs.
I'm telling you, I am kind of shocked there isn't already one talked in development.
That'll be the game somebody makes once all the other games are done.
That would be awesome, just totally unrealistic and never gonna happen, but wouldn't it be
awesome like the next game that Blizzard is developing is Harry Potter MMO.
Just like something ridiculous.
You know what, if Blizzard were making that, even I would have to play it.
I really would, because you know what I've said, Blizzard really doesn't make bad games.
They haven't made a bad game in about 25 years, you know, Blizzard doesn't really make bad
games.
Some other games coming out.
Between July 1st and September 30th, the real time world's crime themed MMO, which this
will probably get me into MMOs as well, APB, or what I like to call Scenes Bro Grand Theft
Auto Online, which would be awesome.
And then of course, the next Medal of Honor game, right now slated for the summer as well.
Actually, no I take that back, it's sometime between now and March 2011, so anytime I guess
for Medal of Honor.
And let's see, to kind of go with the more casual crowd, they're gonna be doing some
new EA Sports Active games, which are due out around this holiday, and of course it's
not surprising, but they're going to be possibly working with the Microsoft Project Natal and
the Motion Controller Arc, or whatever the hell they're gonna call it.
Those games have been doing pretty well, and I've actually, I gotta say, I played those
games myself, and I had a bitch with them, and my bitch was you couldn't skip exercises
that the system was not recognizing you as actually doing, due to the limitations of
the Wii motion recognition, which ticked me off.
That was my one bitch that was almost a game-ruiner for me, but from what I hear of people that
are playing it regularly, it's a better workout than Wii Fit, because it's a more organized
kind of workout, and they have you do different types of exercises than Wii Fit does.
Everything's kind of centered around the board in Wii Fit, whereas they kind of remove that
in EA Sports.
I mean, granted, they have the ribbon, and you can use the board if you have it, but
a common misconception about EA Sports, or EA Active, you do not need the balance board
to play it.
It comes with the little wrist strap thing that you don't even really use.
The resistance bands.
Well, yeah, the resistance band, I'm sorry, not the wrist strap, the leg strap.
You put this thing on your leg and you put the Wiimote in it, so it senses when you're
running a little better.
I would rather just have real resistance bands.
They are real resistance bands.
Well, then that's the only reason I've won it, because that's a better workout.
Nothing is going to replace the gym and eating healthier.
But it will probably be a little bit better than fake hula hooping on the...
Yes, exactly.
You know what, though, I think that a great way to lose weight is?
Stomach virus.
Tape worm.
Tape worms, too.
Not my favorite way to lose weight.
I mean, when I had pancreatitis, I lost like 45 pounds, but I also almost died, which kind
of sucks.
Tape worms win-win, too, because you probably have to have bad meat in order for that to
happen, and very raw meat is delicious.
All right.
Was that it, or is there more EA?
Oh, there's more.
Just real quick.
Of course, Dragon Age will be getting a sequel in early 2011 as well.
Well, now this is important, because Dragon Age was pretty badass.
And what's also interesting, though, is it will be making its way out to portables as
well, the DS and PSP, or possibly cell phones.
And PZ?
Epic Dragon Age is very epic, so I'm not surprised at all that there's a sequel.
I'm kind of surprised it's coming out.
Sequel the successful franchise?
No.
I'm kind of surprised it's coming out so fast, but there you go.
Well, it's not...
It's only, what, a year since the last one?
Yeah, but this is coming out in 2011.
I mean, it'll be over a year.
Oh, they didn't say, like, beginning 2011.
They said...
Well, that's...
The first...
Okay, 18 months, maybe.
It'll probably be the same engine.
That's really a long time in the gaming world.
I guess.
I mean...
True.
I mean, they've already put out, like, what, at least two of those EA Active games, if
not three or four, and there's gonna be even more, but still.
I mean, that's like, yeah, it's like a one-tenth of a Duke Nukem Forever.
All I'm saying is that, you know, they just make sure you take the time to get it right.
That's all.
Mass Effect 1 and 2 probably had a similar gap between them, right?
Mass Effect 1 and 2 is probably, what, about 18 months, or maybe two years, right?
Maybe somebody in chat knows better.
And Mass Effect 1, I believe, was November 08, and so, yeah, it's about the same.
There's people out there proclaiming Mass Effect 2 is the greatest video game ever made, period.
It's supposed to be better because it's, you know, the combat's a lot better.
It actually looks interesting, but I'm not gonna buy it because...
Well, it's on my to playlist, but I gotta be honest with y'all.
I have been a Final Fantasy fanboy since the very, very first one that, you know, my friend
and I used the strategy guide made by Nintendo Power to get through.
I will be buying Final Fantasy XIII.
You probably won't hear me talk about anything but that until I beat it.
Oh, yeah.
Anyhow.
Of course, that didn't really happen with Final Fantasy XII, but I blame XII a whole
... XII should not have been on the PS2, but that's for another day.
Go back and listen to old episodes if you wanna know more thoughts on that.
All right.
So, I don't know.
Anything out of EA real quickly before we move on with the news that makes you very
excited?
I think the Dragon Age story's pretty cool and NBA Jam I'm certainly looking forward
to as well.
I think NBA Jam's gonna be a letdown because the EA NBA games haven't been that great.
And then, you know, unless they make it control more like a traditional NBA Jam game, that's
the only way I can see that being good.
But either EA, the NBA Live game's not good on the Wii.
In fact, they sold so poorly that they didn't put one out this year.
2K did.
Akuma JP in chat says, don't get your hopes too high though, Rob.
That's a good point.
I've heard Final Fantasy XIII's been getting some slack, the whole like no towns thing
and it's linear.
But yeah, well, and also I should know better than to get my hopes highs or my hopes high
very high for a game because that's what I do with Blaster Master.
Don't we just need Blitz?
NFL Blitz?
Oh, I'm talking about Final Fantasy, but whatever.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Well, Final Fantasy's gonna be awesome.
Well, that's what Akuma's saying, be careful, don't hype it too much because it might not
be all that.
Well, the people that have been playing the Japanese version, you know, it sounds good,
so.
Alright.
Well, moving on to some, I don't know, this is kind of a mixed bag of news.
It's good news and bad news.
Activision plans on reducing the number of Guitar Hero, Band Hero, and the Music Hero
franchises that they do in 2010.
And this is coming word of mouth from the Activision Publishing CEO, Mike Griffith,
who, of course, they had a conference call this week saying that fewer SKUs will serve
as a broader audience.
In 2009, we released 25 music SKUs.
In 2010, we plan to release less than 10.
Now, of course, the speculation is, okay, well, they're gonna do away with probably
the PS2 bundles.
They can't be selling very well.
And probably a lot of these bands, specific games and so forth.
And, you know, they do a lot of game and then game plus plastic instrument, game plus plastic
instruments.
I mean, they're gonna be cutting back on those.
I imagine a lot of these are gonna be game only, right?
They'll leave the bundling to the Costco's of the world, right?
Maybe.
Well, I think, and although you're gonna hear that there's just less music games coming
from them, which I think we all kind of view as a good thing, we knew Guitar Hero was getting
too saturated.
This whole Guitar Hero Van Halen, Guitar Hero 5 band hero all coming out within like a month
of each other.
Too much.
Too much.
Unfortunately, when you talk about making a decision like that, which we do say is a
good thing.
The bad news is they're gonna lay off people because they don't need them anymore.
And some different companies really got hit hard with layoffs this week.
I heard Neversoft really got hit hard.
Also, Underground Development who made the Guitar Hero Van Halen game and they also did
a Dave Mirra BMX series.
They just, they've been slaughtered completely.
They're out.
Also, surprisingly, kind of an end of an era for us here at Orange Lounge Radio.
You know, this show started because of Dance Dance Revolution.
We all met playing DDR at the arcade and talked about music games.
And if you've ever been to a DDR tournament, especially back in the day, it was probably
sponsored by a little company trying to sell their DDR pads and their expensive mats that
would help you do a better DDR game at home.
Red Octane, that's how they started.
And of course, as you know, Red Octane teamed up with Harmonix for the first Guitar Hero
game.
Red Octane has been shut down.
Only the staff that is directly involved with instrument development will stay at Activision,
otherwise the rest of it's gone.
So it's kind of the end of an era in ways.
So I don't know, what do you guys think?
Having been fans of music games and kind of knowing Red Octane and seeing their peeps
out at DDR tournament, what do you think?
I saw this coming from the moment of the acquisition.
Did I say it?
It's sad but true, yeah.
I could see that.
I knew they were gonna squeeze what they could out of them the moment the money got bad.
Cut.
Loki?
I'm not surprised.
They've been cutting a lot of different smaller studios and stuff, but...
Oh well.
Guess we're not gonna get In The Groove.
Actually, I gotta say, that is...
Now the In The Groove fanboys can finally shut the fuck up.
I mean, seriously.
Ugh.
It's just not gonna happen.
Go away.
Duke Nukem Forever will happen before that.
So anyhow, yes, also as mentioned, let's see, what else?
Luxa Flux was shut out as well.
Neversoft employees were hit.
Half of Radical Entertainment staff, I mean, it's just...
It was not fun times at Activision this week.
So of course, you know, although we have some harsh things to say about some of those games
in development, it's never good news to talk about people losing their jobs.
So we hope those folks are able to find employment.
Hopefully a new studio will spring up, maybe to create a new type of music game or a new
type of peripheral-based game.
I'd be all about that.
Just know In The Groove.
Maybe.
Well, how about something...
A different type of sacking altogether.
For anyone who was interested, and I'm really not one of them, but I know people who were
more interested in the Alan Wake game, they actually announced that the PC version is
not going to be happening.
The Xbox 360 version of Alan Wake will be out on May 21st, but it will not be out on
PC.
It just will not work.
Well, I don't know.
Is this surprising or no?
I mean, in a way, a lot of these games now are developed with the console in mind first
and then the PC secondary.
So if it didn't work, it didn't work.
But still, if you're still a PC gamer at heart, and I gotta say, I was watching Alan play
Bioshock this week just for a little bit on his fancy new monitor, and he's got a video
card and everything.
I was like, dang, in a lot of ways, this looks better than it does on the 360.
I mean, there's still a lot of good stuff in PC games.
Well, I have to tell you, because keep in mind, now I'm playing Star Trek Online with
an old video card, and I'm gonna be upgrading mine soon, but I've seen screen captures for
people who've played on, like, you know, the newest GeForce, and it's amazing.
So really having the right card makes all the difference with a lot of PC games.
You know, even, okay, here's an example, Rob.
Sonic R, which I have on Saturn, and I have on PC.
And I played it back in the day when I got a new Radeon on the PC.
Same game, either way, played so much better on the PC, looked cleaner, so it does make
a difference if your computer's a little bit better than spec, you know what I mean?
Part of me thinks I'll be playing Microsoft Game Room more on my PC than I will my 360,
because, well, I won't have to use the 360 controller on my PC.
I can get a decent pad for, like, 15 bucks with the working.
I hate the D-pad, though, playing a classic game on that's gonna blow, so, unless Microsoft
releases a new pad, which I doubt they will.
I still want an adapter so I can use my Saturn dual analog controller.
The best controller ever.
I am interested in Alan Wake, though, I will throw that out there.
I do want to play that when it comes out among all the other, my gosh, games to catch up
on this year.
By the way, quick follow-up to the last story we were talking about, I just decided for
YouTube, Shits and Giggles, to go to redoctane.com, and now forwards you automatically to the
guitarherostore.com.
It did for the longest time, actually.
Did it?
Not a single mention of Red Octane anywhere, except at the way, way bottom of the page
in the tiny, tiny fine print.
Yeah, it's been like that for a while.
All content's coming, right?
99, 2010.
I just, well, I just haven't had a reason to visit this site in a long time.
So I don't know, maybe this has been in the works for a while.
No mention of DDR on here anymore, but they do sell the soft dance pad and the hard dance
pad, but they don't say what for.
Course there's a lot of games that use those dance pads now, not just DDR.
Anyhow, let's travel around the globe and check out some upcoming release dates for
things on systems you will be able to get.
Yes, this week, in fact, today, you can pick up your Wii remote in blue or pink, just in
time for Valentine's Day, and so that you know what sex your Wii remote is.
On the Wii will be Data East Arcade Classics coming out this week, so you can get your
BurgerTime and your bad dudes on.
Well, that's cool.
Is that coming out on any other systems or just Wii?
Just Wii.
Huh.
Are you a bad enough dude to say the president?
I know, I was gonna say bad dudes.
And it also has the BurgerTime sequel on there.
I've played the BurgerTime sequel.
It's, well, it's a typical sequel to an arcade game where the original was more fun in your
memories than the sequel was.
Dynasty Warriors Strike Force coming out this week on Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3.
So come US Navy Seals, Fireteam Bravo 3 finally making its way out after quite a few delays.
On PSP this week, Aliens vs. Predator coming out on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 and PC.
Uh, Jay would be happy to know that Ragnarok, formerly known as Ragnarok Online, will be
making its way out for the DS this week.
Yay, playing it in English.
Tropico 3 coming out on Xbox 360 this week.
Ace Attorney Investigations, Miles Edgeworth making its way out on the DS.
The sequel to the music-making game, Korg DS10 Plus, making its way out on the DS.
Is that why Korg is in the keyboard?
Yes it is.
Sweet.
Chicken Riot, a budget shooter game coming out on the Wii.
Um, let's see here.
Prerunning making its way out on the Wii and Deadly Premonition coming out on Xbox 360
this week.
Kind of a budget horror game.
And the PC Collection of Strong Bads, cool game for attractive people making its way
out as well.
And it looks like a re-release of the, oh no, actually this might be the original Fallout
trilogy on PC for $14.99, not bad.
That's it.
Okay, let's go over to Japan and check out what's coming out over there.
Some localized versions of games you might know from over here.
Starting off on the 360, February 18th, you're gonna get Biohazard 5, which of course over
here is Resident Evil 5, now that is the Platinum Collection, obviously the game's been out
a while over there too.
It's just getting a price drop.
Dante's Inferno makes its way, a version for Japan coming out this week on the 18th, as
well as Eat Lead, the return of Matt Hazard coming out on the 360.
Heading on over to the Playstation 3, of course you also get Biohazard 5 there, but they call
it the Alternative Edition.
I don't know if this is just simply a price reduction or if they were adding something
to it.
It might be the Gold Edition that's coming out over here in March.
I think it is.
I think it is.
So it's like the, you know, souped up a little bit.
Also of course, Eat Lead and Dante's Inferno also on the PS3.
Also on the PS3, something that had a demo here in the States this week, Heavy Rain,
the Origami Killer, comes out on the 18th in Japan.
Also in Japan, Shin Sangoku Mosu Online, Kamishu Rambu comes out.
It's Sangoku Wars, but you do online.
It's 24 players that you can team up and defeat other players.
It's kind of like an action game.
You make your own warrior, customize, look, body shape, and voices.
Isn't that Romance of the Three Kingdoms?
Yeah.
Is it?
It looks Dynasty Wars-ish.
It has the combo meter and everything.
Probably a mix of the two.
It is from Koei, so it's probably.
There's one that might be their version of Strike Force, or there's a Samurai Warriors
game coming out.
Kind of cool, though.
Is there a localized version of that?
Well, Sangoku is three kingdom, or three lands.
No, but I mean, is that particular game out here?
I don't know if that one's coming out exactly.
By the way, there is a premium version of that if you want as well.
Also, quickly, big release for PS3 in Japan this week.
Skate 2 gets a price reduction, Uncharted gets a bundle pack this week.
Next week, Demon's Souls is getting a price reduction.
That was a pretty awesome PS3 exclusive.
Nothing on the Wii this week in Japan, which is somewhat surprising.
That's because next week is a pretty big week.
They have a lot of games, including the Tales of Symphonia, getting a price reduction.
That's next week, though.
PlayStation 2, of course, the Pickens are getting a little slimmer there on PS2, but
they have a game called Last Escort.
Club Kaze is coming out in regular and limited editions.
The DS gets Yu-Gi-Oh!, 5Ds World Championship 2010, Reverse of Arcadia.
So if you're still playing Yu-Gi-Oh!, you're in for a treat this week in Japan.
Obviously on the PSP this week, Last Escort as well, and, let's see, SOCOM, Fate Unlimited
gets a price reduction, Densetsu no Yu-Shan no Densetsu Legendary Saga comes out as well.
So a lot of little games here and there on the PSP this week, so there you go.
That does it for Japanese releases.
Okay, well, in the UK, we've got a small list.
We have on the 18th, Puzzle Chronicles on DS and PSP.
19th, we have Ace Attorney Investigations, Miles Edworth, Aliens vs. Predator, Dynasty
Warrior Strike Force Special, Phoenix Wright, Ace Attorney, Justice for All, and Real Fishing,
Angler's Dream.
And that's it for me.
All right, just a few more stories for you guys, and then we're going to get to the
classic video game of the week, because we just wouldn't have a show here at OLR if
we couldn't have our classic game of the week.
But a few news stories first, Loki.
Yes.
During, I guess, an acceptance speech at the Japan Media Arts Festival, Miyamoto was referring
to an unannounced Nintendo hardware, and at least one new Wii project he's working on,
which uses the Wii Motion Plus peripheral.
And of course he didn't make any formal announcements or anything like that, but apparently there
is something being worked on, and I guess we'll just have to wait to find out what exactly
that is.
But I'm not surprised that there's new hardware coming.
I would guess probably a new handheld.
I know, hasn't there just been rumblings, and it seems like we've had stories, little
hints dropped by Nintendo for quite a while now that there is some type of motion-enabled
DSi coming out, or like a DS2 or something.
That's going to be dumb.
Well.
Well, okay.
The DS isn't a bad system, it's just flooded with shovelware.
I'm not saying it's dumb that they're putting out, okay, well I am saying it's dumb that
they're putting out another system, but the reason why I'm saying that is because they
just came out with the DSi, what, like a year ago.
Come on.
Well, think about when we were transitioning into the DS.
I remember the year we were there at E3, seeing the DS, it was our first E3, the year they
showed off the DS for the very first time.
Remember what else they were showing off?
The micro advances.
At the same time.
And there were people saying, well, who the hell would want to buy a micro advance when
they just announced the DS?
But the micro-
Jamie bought one.
I didn't, I do not say that I bought one.
I did not.
Oh, I'm sorry, Jamie.
Obtained one.
A required one.
A required one.
Okay.
Here's the difference, though, between that, though.
Whereas the DSi is being treated as a new platform, I mean, they are now starting to
put out DSi exclusive games, and then, you know, they're going to probably slowly phase
out the DS stuff, I guess, I don't know why they would do that, because they have so many
right now.
But to put out yet another hardware platform that's going to be a portable system, that's
kind of like, what the hell, I mean, say you just bought a DSi, you know, and it's got
a, you know, it does have, you know, feature enhancements compared to the DS.
It's not just, look, we made it smaller, or look, we made it larger, or look, we made
it purple, you know.
A camera, and memory storage, or whatever the DS I had.
Memory storage, the download service.
I never bothered with DSi.
I barely play my DS anymore.
Well, exactly.
I didn't either, but the thing is, you know, if they're going to put out, like, a motion-enabled
platform as well, you know, that's not compatible with this, I mean, seriously, how many times
are they going to get you to buy the DS?
Well, I guess, how many times did you buy the Game Boy, so.
Well, how, hasn't every Nintendo handheld just been an evolution of the previous one
of some sort, and they've all kind of been backwards compatible?
Well, I think at this point, they're going to have to come out with something new, like,
new new, you know, new hardware platform, period, you know.
They'll still play DS carts.
It will.
That's fine.
Whatever, baby.
I'm not buying it.
I'm telling you right now, I'm not paying for another, you know, handheld.
Because they're turning into Apple, where, you know, every year there'll be something
bigger and better and newer.
Hmm?
And I'm not touching Apple stuff either.
All right, well, here's something maybe Loki could play that is for a Nintendo system,
and I think this would be pretty exciting.
It's a game being developed by Epicenter, and they have combined the games Guitar Hero
and Typing of the Dead to bring you Rock of the Dead.
So you use a rock band or Guitar Hero controller on your Wii, and you use it to basically kill
undead by playing different, you know, fret patterns, or hitting different buttons on
the guitar will allow you to kill zombies.
So I don't know if that sells you guys right there, but then they also go on to say they're
serious.
They've brought in some, like, uber nerdy star-tep power into this game.
Neil Patrick Harris will be the voice of the main character.
Felicia Day will also be doing a voice.
I mean, I can't think of, like...
So they're taking the cast of Dr. Horrible's sing-along blog.
Well, if you want to go nerdy, I mean, that's the way to do it.
Don't get me wrong.
Get Elijah Dushku and Sarah Michelle Gellar and all the other Weednights.
This would be a great idea coming from Sega.
The problem is with this is you basically have something that is knocking off House
of the Dead.
I mean, even knocking off Typing of the Dead, instead of a keyboard, it's the fret buttons.
I'm sorry, there's going to be a lawsuit.
I mean, seriously, the names are too familiar.
It feels like, you know, Zombie Rock or something like that.
The names are too similar.
The presentation's too similar.
The gameplay's too similar.
It's going to be...
They're going to have a lawsuit.
You think Sega will sue to get the name changed?
I think...
I like Zombie Rock.
I think they will sue them, because, let me put it this way.
This company is putting this out of conspiracy.
There are nobody.
I mean, they're like really small development house, so...
You know what, though?
I like it when small studios have good ideas, though, and I gotta say, when I look at the
Sega...
It's not a good idea!
They just ripped someone else off!
Oh, hey!
Typing of the Dead would be awesome if I didn't have to find a keyboard and I could just use
a guitar.
But, though, I'll be honest that I had this discussion with someone about them doing another
Typing of the Dead with a different peripheral.
Like I was thinking, you know, drumming of the dead.
And I want to reiterate, Neil Patrick Harris is awesome.
Well, great for Neil Patrick Harris.
He needs, you know, money, too, to pay the bills, but I'm sorry.
It's still a rip-off, and there's nothing...
I mean, it looks exactly like...
If this Rock of the Dead came out and they didn't say who made it, who would you think
made it?
Yeah.
Because it sounds like House of the Dead.
It looks like House of the Dead.
I would have said, yes, Sega's getting funny.
Yes, exactly.
I mean, it's a rip-off, and I'm sorry.
It's kind of a bummer Sega didn't think of it.
It is a bummer, but, you know, at the same time, they probably won't make it out, at
least not under that name.
I'll give you the honest reason I'm not interested in this game, despite the voice talent behind
it, is that I'm not buying a guitar for the Wii.
Exactly.
I just have to borrow one.
Flailing.
I would totally play it.
I would totally play it.
The Dreamcast keyboard for Typing of the Dead.
I love Typing of the Dead on Dreamcast, but I would totally play this, too, on the 360.
Flailing of the Dead.
By the way, did you know that they have the air guitar controller?
No.
I saw one at Fry's.
Satar of the Dead?
No, an air guitar controller.
I know.
This is crazy.
It's a great idea.
More power to them if they're able to launch it without a lawsuit, but, I mean, seriously.
I'm trying to think, haven't there been, like, parody games before that were obvious play
on titles?
I mean, granted, I mean, there's, you know, Dawn of the Dead and stuff like that, you
know, Day of the Dead, whatever, but, okay, House of the Dead.
A zombie shooter, okay, that had a version that wasn't with a light gun.
It was with a keyboard, and you entered in commands, and it killed the zombie.
This is basically the same thing, except it's a guitar controller.
And the movie sucked.
And I'm sorry.
You know, it's just not different enough, and it will have a lawsuit.
It's what's gonna happen.
I love this from our chat room.
Chat.orangehomesradio.com.
This can only be brought to you from our chat room, is that, you know, why not take an old
Sega, if Sega wants to cash in on this, take a Sega peripheral that hasn't been used in
a while, and bring us Samba de the Dead, Samba de la Muerta, I'm gonna maraca the zombies
to death.
I would play the hell out of that.
I would play the shit out of that game, especially if Neil Patrick Harris did a voice.
You know what, Rob?
Maybe we should have that as a side to our land party, have a maraca booty shaking contest
going on in the other room.
I think Samba de la Muerta should be a dream game.
I don't know.
I'm thinking that's...
We should have that, and, of course, Rod Caliber.
Yeah, but Rod Caliber's kind of already been done.
Samba de la Dead or whatever?
Awesome.
Anyhow, boy oh boy, okay, let's take a different direction here in the show and take a look
at gaming's past, and take a trip down memory lane to figure out what the classic game of
the week is.
Because every week, Dark Soccer likes to take a trip through the vault and find a game that
she says, hey, you ungrateful kids, you ought to be playing this game.
And, of course, she picked something from the ColecoVision this week, right?
No.
No.
Maybe next week.
I said, get off my lawn!
Alright, she said, get off my lawn, and then decided to...
Go play this!
This should be the classic game of the week.
So what is your classic game of the week, Dark Saga?
Doom.
Doom is the classic game of the week.
Because it had a level called Hurt Me Plenty, and I loved it.
Well, a difficulty level.
So, yeah, it's a first-person shooter from, uh, it's id Software, right?
Or id.
I always remembered just all the cheat codes for it, like iddqd for, what was that, all
weapons or god mode?
Yeah, iddqd was, I think, god mode, and then id level skip, and then idbfg for all the
weapons and crap.
No, I...
BFG, that was just the, uh, big fucking guy.
The big fucking guy.
KFA.
That was it.
But anyway, yeah.
Um, I played a lot of Doom, a lot of Doom when it came out on, um, my friend's 486,
and basically you're a dude and you're in hell, kinda.
Um, you're just going around and shooting things and going all the way to the levels
and killing demons and yay.
Um, there were also, um, this gave us a term that we had before the coining of, you know,
first-person shooter, I really think.
And it was Doom Clone.
How often did we use the term Doom Clone back in the day?
Oh yes.
There were tons of Doom knock-off games though, tons.
But from there we had, uh, Doom 2 Hell on Earth, and by the way, the first Doom came
out in 93.
Um, Doom 2 was 1994, um, Ultimate Doom 1985, Master Levels for Doom 2, Final Doom in 1996.
Even Doom was copying Doom.
Yeah.
Um, but, now there's also, um, Doom Resurrection that came out, um, last year in June, um,
for the iPhone, which I haven't, um, played, but it's a parallel to Doom 3.
Um, Doom 4 was stated for being in production, but there's nothing out on it yet.
Um, but yeah, it's first-person, you can get a chainsaw, you can get, you know, the BFG.
Um, you can, um, there's just all kinds of, like, weird stuff also hidden in the game
too.
Um, like in, uh, Doom 2 you have a bunny called Daisy that's, you know, impaled on a steak,
and you have to get vengeance for it and crap.
And then, um, I mean, basically it's just going through.
If you play it on the weakest level and then you try to get through, um, to, uh, the last
level, um, it doesn't let you play the last level.
I know the screen goes black because I hear a brrrr.
Um, but the, the reason why, the reason why I'm bringing up Doom is because of the, um,
the home hacks, the wads, all kinds of different versions.
Like there's a Ghostbusters one and, um, there was a Gotchamon one, Alien, Sailor Moon, I
the Dragon Ball Z one back in the day. It's all these people who would just go and, you know,
change out the sprites and everything. And also, also, also, the other thing was skipping to the
hidden Wolfenstein level. Wolfenstein was the game I would mod. Not so much Doom, but I had
the Mortal Kombat characters for Wolfenstein. That was a lot of fun. Well, I also, though,
honestly, I prefer them for Quake, but we had Doom first. And I think that Doom is really the reason
why we've got, you know, just the massive tons of first-person shooters that we have today.
I kind of want to play this on Xbox Live later. Like, I want to have an epic frag fest on Doom
later. I used to play, um, this is actually the one that this video is from is Ultimate Doom,
which I played quite a bit of it on the Nintendo 64. But really, this was the game I learned my
appreciation for PC gaming on because it was from this that I was playing Duke Nukem 3D,
you know, where you could do your own voice macros and everything. And this was the game I learned
to do deathmatching on, you know. On top of that, I can play Doom without getting motion sick.
Wow. Because it's sprite based. Well, that's right. You had the whole like, um, like sprites
don't make you sick. Sprites don't make me sick. But polygons do. Interesting. I mean, and even so,
if it's running really smoothly, I can get kind of sick. But I was playing Hexen, you know, for
a long time. So this one, though, I have a lot of fond memories of it being 1995 and going to hang
out. This was no, I take the back 94 my first year of college and going to hang out my friend
Marci's house playing Doom, playing Doom and Phantasmagoria. Do you remember that game?
Yeah, Phantasmagoria just came out on the good old games website this week. I don't think it's
in tonight's show. I don't remember if we talked about last week, but Phantasmagoria old is new
again. But, you know, it we were playing this and Loom. I was playing Loom when I was playing Doom.
I played a crapload of Doom dude. I used to call into a BBS that specialized in doing the Doom 2
networking. So you would call into this BBS and you do these settings. I don't even remember what
you had to do with so long ago. And then you'd launch Doom 2 and you could actually play and
this, this BBS like would charge like you'd get like an hour free and then like you had to pay
for more hours. So of course we'd keep re registering new accounts and like putting in
fake phone numbers and stuff. Well, I'll tell you, um, you know, uh, that same year of school we had
our Mac lab and keep in mind it was the old, you know, the big rectangle, uh, box tall Macs with
the crappy keyboards and shit. And mine had a black and white version of Doom on it, you know,
so I was playing Doom and black and white in class and getting a D in the class. This is a
great game of the week because I think especially for you younger folks out there to listen to the
show, like I know even though we, we swear a lot more than we should on this show and so kids
shouldn't listen to our show. I know there's some of you in like that 16, 17 range that listen to
this program. And if you're one of those folks, if you want to see what gaming was like when we
were 16, I mean not to be all like, I walked uphill back, but let's face it, we're getting old
cause we've been doing this show for eight years. But I still get carded. This was the game I would
play when I was 16. So if you want to see like a real game that we grew up on and loved, it was
Doom is a great example. Now you're making me feel a little because I was in college when I was
playing Doom. Doom came out when I was in 11th grade, but I was playing it more when I was out
of it. My computer that I had was a TI and I had a Coleco Adam. I would use the school's Apple 2e.
I didn't have my own computer until, you know, at least a regular use computer until like 95. And I
was on AOL 1.5 on DOS. I have to read this in chat real quick. Rob D's commenting on what I said
there. I'm almost 23, but I played all this stuff when I was younger. And then he links a screenshot
from ZZT. So I just wanted to take a moment to say hail ZZT, one of the greatest PC games of all
fricking time. We miss you. But, um, I do have to make a mention of it that Doom is actually one of
the games that led up to, uh, one of my favorite wads and it wasn't, um, it actually wasn't Doom,
but it was a Quake one. But I first played a version of it on Doom and then found a much
better one for Quake was, um, Gotcha Quake, which was a full on fully redone Gotcha Mon Quake.
But yeah, Doom, Doom was like my thing. So, um, yeah, for anyone who hasn't played it,
God, what planet have you been living on? Bochi Kawa in our chat room says, uh, Doom is seriously
one of the best games to have lasted for this long. Wow. Um, and you know, and like I was saying,
I didn't even have a crappy movie. If you are one of those like younger folks that didn't get to
experience this, you know, when you were a teen or whatever, um, seriously, like go on Xbox live
and check it out, you know, at least download the demo so you know what we're talking about. I mean,
Xbox live, it's not the same, but it's not bad. I mean, they did a decent job. All right. How is
this though that I still remembered at least what three of the codes were and I haven't played this
game in easily 12 years. I wonder if I hook a USB keyboard in the 360, can I play Doom with a
keyboard like I used to? I haven't thought about that. Maybe a chatter knows. Okay. And I have a
challenge then I have a challenge then, you know, let's go ahead and revive the Doom wad. Doom wad,
that's great. I want someone to make OLR Doom. Good luck. Those things take a lot of work. I
want to see someone. Someone made us a text-based game. That's true. We can have an OLR Doom.
I want OLR Doom. The text game was pretty awesome. OLR Doom. Do it. I don't know if I want to see my
face melting and getting shot. No, no, we don't use our faces. Well, we need to be the ones with
the gun. We need to be the ones with the gun and whoever wins gets a hat homemade by me. Yes. And
you guys know who the various enemies of OLR are. You can, you can put them in there. Like Ken
Kuragi will be in there with a bicycle helmet and crayons. Uh, some folks in chat saying, oh, Zen
Thrall Zen. There it is. No, Rob. I've tried. I was hoping for the same thing. Fail. So sadly,
you cannot do the keyboard. All right. So that's going to do it for the classic game of the week,
but that was a darn good one. Good job. Yeah. All right. So I know I'm awesome. We're going to take
a quick break here at OLR headquarters, but, uh, don't go anywhere. We'll be right back with part
B, a lot of quick news tonight in part B, as well as some news about another, uh, video game movie,
Sonic 4, more details, blur, a racing game I'm looking forward to, and a few more details on
Game Room. And are we looking at Wii's being, uh, hard to find all over again? We're going to talk
about that in part B. So don't go anywhere. We will be right back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
And welcome back everybody to more of Orange Lounge Radio on this Sunday night, February
the 14th of 2009. It's time for part B of our episode number 355. Uh, during the break there,
we were playing some classic 8-bit songs and unfortunately you don't hear our break music
on the podcast cause you know, copyright issues and all that. But, um, we were playing some 8-bit
songs for our, uh, chatters and they were kind of guessing and we had some, uh, let me, let me just
quickly name you the playlist we had. Cause you know, they're only about a minute long. The NES
songs were, weren't that long. So we did a lot of them. We did a Battle of Olympus, Dr. Mario,
Guardian Legend, Fashanadu, uh, Kid Icarus, Crystalis, Goonies 2, Balloon Fight. And then
what I thought was a really tricky one, Magic of Scheherazade, the town music. That was a
old school NES game I really liked. It was kind of like Zelda and an RPG like mixed together. It was
weird. And then of course Metroid. We had some requests in chat. Like I think some folks want
to hear Star Tropics and I saw a shout out for DuckTales too. Uh, we'll try to get those at the
end for our live listeners. Unfortunately, you guys who are listening to us in the podcast,
we for copyright reasons, can't do that. Although what I can do, I can, I can play the music and
then talk over it. So that's, this is the Magic of Scheherazade music. And then I want to play
like a little clip there. So, anyhow, there you go. Uh, anyone remember that game? Anyone?
Anyone remember playing it? All right. That's not even on virtual console. I think the developer who
made that game probably doesn't exist anymore. I can't remember who made that. Was that the Culture
Brain? I can't even remember. All right. Anyhow, um, let's get into some rapid fire news tonight.
And then now we're going to get into Twitter topics as well. Uh, Mailbag coming up in this
segment as well. Loki, start us off. Do you like free stuff? Because everybody does. I don't know.
I like free stuff. And, uh, one of the things that you can look forward to free is, um, the old
Command and Conquer games. That's right. EA is now offering Command and Conquer classics,
which are free to download. And, um, they are, um, including Tiberium Dawn, Tiberium Sun with
the Firestorm expansion pack and my personal favorite, Red Alert. And of course, um, I guess
apparently they are easy to download, but to get them running with your modern computers,
it may be a little bit tricky. So, uh, keep that in mind. But if you're looking to download those,
um, apparently, uh, Big Download is the website that, uh, will have those available.
bigdownload.com. Um, some other cool stuff. Of course, the Lego Star Wars games, um, very popular.
And you may be thinking, hey, what's gonna happen? And what are they gonna do for the third one?
Since obviously they've ran out of the, um, Star Wars movies. Well, not exactly. Because the third
Lego Star Wars game will actually follow the Clone Wars. Um, I'm assuming the movie and maybe the TV
series. It's scheduled to come out later this year, probably in the fall, just in time for
holidays and on all your favorite platforms, except for the PlayStation 2. And, uh, they're
seeing some brand new battle modes. Um, also some head-to-head combat as well. Uh, the level editor
from Indiana Jones, um, 2 will be coming back as well. And, um, just some new, uh, squad commands.
Uh, lightsaber slicing, lightsaber jumps, long-distance Jedi attacks, and grapple tie-ups,
and whatnot. So that's kind of cool. Even though I'm not really a fan of the Clone Wars series.
Oh well. Um, and then finally, um, L.A. Noire, a game that is coming from Rockstar, will be making
its way out this year in September. It is, of course, a kind of a crime drama game, um, brought
to you by the folks that put out Grand Theft Auto. And, uh, what once was a PlayStation 3 exclusive
is now, of course, coming out on both PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360. So, that is it.
All right. I've got a lot of news about the iPhone tonight. Like, all my stories are about the iPhone.
I don't know what's up with that, but I guess maybe because, you know what, when it comes to
handheld gaming, it's the biggest competitor with the DS and PSP. Real quick, real quick one.
All right. One thing we were talking about last week, you know, speaking of, um, Xbox 360 and
PlayStation 3 exclusives. Okay. Um, we were up in the air about, um, the Xbox 360 getting a version
of Final Fantasy XIV. I can confirm that is actually going to happen. Now, how do you know
this for sure? Because this is, this is somewhat of a bombshell to be dropping and part B of our
show, which a lot of people probably don't listen long enough to get to. Um, just listening from
Square. So, I'm sure they'll announce it soon at some point. You know, I don't even know when the
game's coming out right now. It's still scheduled around. Do you think, or do you have anything that
indicates to you that it's going to be simultaneous with PS3 or it should be the same later. It should
be the same time, but right now it's all kind of, you know, we don't even know exactly, you know,
for sure that it, you know, when it's coming out right now, it's like kind of hovering around June,
but that's up to get sleep all the time. That was a nice little bombshell to tuck there in a rapid
fire news. No, it's cool. Talking about exclusives. So, I mean, I don't know. It makes sense because
they're going to sell a hell lot of Final Fantasy 13 on 360. So I'm not surprised. All right. Well,
gee, it makes my iPhone stories look a little silly, but I'll try. Uh, well actually the Amiga
was awesome. And for those that remember the Commodore Amiga, it was, it was a very graphically
awesome system at the time. And if you want to play some of Amiga games on the iPhone,
you may soon have the chance. Uh, Manomio, who did the Commodore 64 emulator, remember how it
was like on the store, then not on the store and so forth. Uh, apparently they, he has gotten,
or the people, I don't know if it's just one guy or several, they've gotten an Amiga emulator to
work and they're going to release Amiga games as standalone apps. Um, apparently international
karate plus is one of the, uh, games slated for release. Looks a lot like Yer Kung Fu.
Um, Apogee's Rise of the Triad is going to be coming to the iPhone. You remember Rise of
the Triad? If I remember right, it was kind of like the Wolfenstein 3D, but kind of reskinned
and redone with the maps and so forth that is coming to the iPhone as well. There were some
earlier rumors, but it is coming to the app store in early 2010. There's actually a video on YouTube
if you want to look it up. And, uh, also big bombshell on the, uh, iPhone plants versus zombies
because pop, pop crack, you know, they put out a lot of addicting games. Plants versus zombies has
a date, which seems strange because Apple games don't usually get dated because it's just kind of,
you're at Apple's mercy. But for whatever reason, PopCap has said it is coming out on the handheld
February 15th. That would be tomorrow. Or if you're listening on the podcast, probably today
or yesterday. So, uh, plants versus zombies on February 15th on the iPhone. There you go,
DarkSakura. Well, there, um, I'm just going to have to do this as it's in front of me. Um,
someone at Kotaku received a package. That's a blue boxing glove holding a rose. Indicative of
a rumor. Ah, that perhaps Dudley will be in Street Fighter 4, or Super Street Fighter 4, I should
say. So that would be pretty cool. Even though I never used him and thought he sucked. Although
people are infuriating using him. Um, Mega Man 10, um, will have, um, a March release. Um,
the, uh, we will have it after, um, sorry, the WiiWare version will be March 1st. PlayStation
3 will be March 11th and Xbox 360 will be March 31st. And then, um, in that batch, um,
Rock Band is going to be getting, um, some new tracks. Um, an Otis Redding track pack, which is,
uh, Sitting on the Dock of the Bay. Um, the Fa, Fa, Fa, Fa, Fa Sad Song. I'm Sick Y'all,
I Got Dreams to Remember, and Love Man. And then some individual, um, tracks, All Time Low,
Weightless, Alpha Beat Fascination, Briar Sets of Orchestra, Stray Cat Strut. That's such a cool
song. And the Chemical Brothers, Let Forever Be. And they're also available for Lego Rock Band.
Okay. How about some Twitter topics then, if we're all done with, uh, the rapid fire stuff
tonight, let's get into some Twitter topics. Although our computer is acting up right now
and I can't even access the theme music because it's being rude. And I don't know if our feed
just went down. We did go down. Are we down? We're down. All right. Hold on guys. Uh, those of you
listening on the podcast, we need to go ahead and just, uh, bring our feed right back up.
Okay. We're back. We had a little bit of a live stream difficulty there. So we lost all of our
listeners there for a minute. I don't know why, but Winamp decided to crash on us. And it's kind
of an important program when we're trying to broadcast because we use Shoutcast to send our
feed over to the all game servers. So when we left off with the show, uh, Jamie had, uh, just
finished up her last, uh, little, uh, rapid fire stories talking about the rock band releases for
the week. I'm not sure if our live listeners got to hear that, uh, but we know it's saved
for the podcast. So we're going to move on now and move into some Twitter topics.
Of course, every week we invite your tweets at twitter.com slash O L R we got a lot tonight.
So I apologize if I don't get to your tweet, but we just have kind of a lot tonight. So
especially if you spent, sent multiple tweets, probably only going to read one. Okay. Uh,
tiger cloth three Oh five sends us a tweet that says game teaches. I don't even know if I should
say this with a child in the room. Game teaches S E X through the eyes of a superhero. Of course,
Jillian would walk into the room, right? As I'm, uh, starting to, uh, read this story here.
Awkward. All right. So I game teaches S E X through the eyes of a superhero. Apparently,
uh, health officials, uh, in, uh, Ontario, Canada, uh, talking about a new video game
launched Thursday that will help teenagers learn about sex through the eyes of a superhero. He
left the room. It's okay. Uh, this is an online game, ironically by the Middlesex London health
unit. Uh, it gets a player to choose a character and answer true or false questions about their
activity. You can either be a man named captain condoms, a Virgin named wonder badge, uh, a boy
named Willie, the kid who believes size doesn't matter or power pap, a sexually active gal. This
is worth it just for the names alone. Uh, you have to fight the game super villain, the Sperminator,
who is a muscular man wearing a red wrestling mask with of course, penis arms by correctly
answering a number of questions. If you get an answer wrong, you get shot by sperm. What
the hell kind of game is this? The tiger called link to us. This is disgusting. It's www dot get
it on london.com and uh, it's supposed to be, you know, about health clinics and using
contraceptives and all this stuff. And believe it or not, it's being promoted at some public
schools from the region. Now that whole thing came from Montreal gazette.com so it is being
used in some places. That was a fascinating little Twitter story. There you go. Um,
let's see from dark Tetsuya on Twitter. The guys that released the police knots, English patch are
working on their next project, dead of the brain, a one and two, and that was on the PC engine. So
I don't know if those are games that dark soccer is familiar with, but those are the games they're
going to translate next. Dead of the brain one and two on PC engine. Their adventure games was
zombies. Sounds like fun. Uh, SGA 100. Matt linked us to this. I don't know if any of you guys saw
that new, we are the world video for the 25th anniversary or whatever refuse. It was, it was
awful. It is awful. Like Michael Jackson, like seriously, if I were him, I would rise from the
grave and like slap, um, who's that guy, little Wayne or whatever in the face for using auto
tune in a disgusting way on that song. Um, there was auto tune on that song. It was bad.
It is. And just, it is bad. He couldn't so bad. Well, we just know he can't say it was so bad.
Like seriously, like I'm all for, you know, you supporting charities and all that, but don't do
it through this organization. Like just, just donate to the red cross or donate to one of the
Haiti relief organizations. Don't make these celebrities think they actually helped cause
they didn't. That's, that's my take on it. I'm sorry. I actually did buy the, um, the Haiti
help Haiti, whatever. Yeah. I did the little text message too. And they did a telethon and so forth.
I downloaded the album on Amazon. Oh, okay. And Shakira is not allowed to cover the pretenders
ever. Never. Anyhow, SSA 100 Matt didn't want us to just talk about that. They wanted us to
mention that somebody in the video and you can't really see who because it's obscured,
but it's circled here. Well, this is actually cause they're showing clips of, I believe this
is Haiti at this point. You actually can see somebody's wearing a fatal fury hat.
Just kind of an LOL video game reference there in the video. So it's just kind of funny. Um,
let's see, uh, going to some other tweets here. Um, act deft linked us to a tweet.
It was a retweet from rock band aid. The Viacom CEO has said rock band DLC will be more selective
in the future. Hmm. So apparently they're going to start to scale back maybe some of the stuff that,
you know, cause they put a lot of stuff on there. Um, maybe they're just finally realizing they're
not selling as much as they used to and that there's a lot of tracks that maybe just aren't
worthy of being on rock band. Maybe because they have the rock band network. Now they
can kind of screen through a lot of stuff. I don't know. Let's see. A master of the claw linked us
to a YouTube, but I can't pull it up in studio cause it'll be too quick here, but it says this
relates to typing at the dead. Apparently there was a PC guitar battling game from 1995, but it
is a short clip. Uh, and then lastly here from spazzinator PSN, which is better local or online
multiplayer? I say online for one reason, the no pants rule, LOL. So I don't know. I'm Loki. What
do you think is local or online gaming better? I would prefer local, um, gaming, you know, like,
um, some of the system link stuff I cause, you know, especially it's not dependent on having
X-Box live working cause that our work, man, we've got some serious issues with, um, you know,
lag and stuff cause we're sharing a network with, and we found out why our network is so laggy.
It's because we have these wonderful, um, or I should say it's, it was a wonderful use of company
money. Um, we have these photo frames on all of our desks that pull pictures off of a website
that have, you know, little event pictures from our work and stuff and the web shots. Yes. And
they all suck bandwidth. And so we have like X-Box life disconnects all the freaking time.
Just from those stupid things. Thankfully they're fixing it, but still, um, you know, that's why I
do like system link for that kind of stuff. And I kind of wish Grant that thought I had system
link cause if that was the case, we'd be still playing our modded games. I prefer local
multiplayer, but I really like online multiplayer when local multiplayer is impossible. Yeah. For
example, I think I've said this on the show before, my boyfriend lives two hours away.
So, you know, during the week we can't really just drive out and see each other one night. So,
you know, on the weekends we'll play like castle crashers or something together. But during the
week we play, wow, you know, online. So, uh, I don't, I like online gaming for when in real life
isn't possible. Um, there you go. That was the last question for tonight. More Twitter topics
next week at twitter.com slash O L R. Uh, let's get back into some more news stories. We'll start
off with Loki. Yes. Um, Oh, I'm sorry. Can I throw this out here real quick? I'm sorry. Act F wanted
to append his tweet saying that the rock band article goes on to talk about how the fees that
the record labels are charging for the music being on rock band is probably leading to them being
more selective, which if the record companies are going to get greedy with what ends up being
promotion for their own stuff, I say, let him get what's coming to him. And that is rock band
turning them down. Hmm. Okay. Sorry. Loki. That's all right. Um, so it's hard to believe that even
though the Wii's been out for almost three years now that, um, there's still shortages apparently.
And, um, some of the retailers are saying that the demand is still outpacing the supply
and a bunch of different retailers, including GameStop, uh, Amazon and Newegg have all been
having issues, uh, keeping the wheat in stock. And apparently, um, orders from Nintendo are just not
coming in in a timely manner. And Nintendo is saying, well, the, uh, replenishing the
Wii supply can, will be a challenge. And apparently in short term, replenishing the Wii
inventories will be a challenge, but we're doing everything we can to satisfy customers, um, or
consumers looking for a Wii to purchase. And, um, apparently, I guess, uh, December, it was thought
that Nintendo had actually reduced Wii production going into the, or, um, had actually reduced Wii
production going into the holiday is, uh, from a report in December. But you see, here's the problem
I have with this is that they always say, oh, we're having trouble, you know, making the Wii's and
stuff like that. Come on. You know, I'm not believing, I don't buy it. I'm not believing that any of those
shortages from before or even like, I think they were all manufactured. And I mean, come on, this
shortage now you can't put out a console. You know, why aren't you putting out tons and tons and tons
of consoles out there in the market? I mean, are you afraid that people are just going to find
everywhere and then now they're not going to want them? I mean, I don't understand if your console
is that good, then what's the problem of having a good supply of them? Oh, I know because you need
to create this artificial shortage so everyone scrambles for them. Something's up too. And I'm
calling them on it. It's, it's, this is stupid that it's like three years out and they're still
having these bad shortages. You know what? Then don't buy a Wii. If you can't find a Wii, maybe
you shouldn't buy one. Go out and get a 360 or a PS3. They're both much more reasonable than they
were before. Yeah. So. Anyhow. Well, something you shouldn't do though with these shortages,
you probably shouldn't pirate your games or you might get caught. So this is at least what one
Australian pirate wants you to know. Apparently he had pirated New Super Mario Brothers on the Wii
and I guess put it up for download. And let's see, his name was James Burt and he was 24 years old.
He illegally uploaded New Super Mario Brothers Wii to the internet and thanks to a current affair in
Australia, I guess, profiled him. He did this whole little interview there and they asked him,
did you admit that what you did was quite stupid? Apparently Nintendo Australia is claiming that the
upload of New Super Mario Brothers Wii was snatched 50,000 times. He got a copy from somebody
who broke the street date on the game and basically saying the folks at Nintendo, it's no different
than stealing anything else. Now let's see, James Burt will have to pay a 1.5 million dollar fine in
Australian dollars. It's about 1.3 million US. That was a settlement by the way too. Wow. He says
it's something he's going to have to work through for the rest of my life. That was a quote there.
Well that's what you get for uploading stuff to the internet. Downloading? They never seem to go
after those people but uploaders, man, those are the guys that they go after. You know what,
I wouldn't want to be the one that gets caught. So remember what they say, don't copy that floppy.
Don't worry, I'm not copying the floppies. Just, you know what, be careful.
You do, but you do admit when you copy games like that you are breaking the law. You are copying
something that's, you know, not supposed to be copied. There's really no nice way of putting it.
But you're not, I mean. Is it a Robin Hood steal for the rich, give to the poor thing? I don't know,
that's an ethical question but it is stealing. Not really, not by the definition of stealing.
Stealing means, okay, possession is moved from one object to another. If, like for example, if
you have a car stereo in your car and I somehow managed to duplicate that car stereo, you still
have your car stereo. But now I have your car stereo. I just hear all these stories about game
developers having to shut down and people losing their jobs and stuff and I don't, I don't think
piracy is as huge, especially on the consoles, maybe on PCs, but on the consoles some people
make it out to be because I think you have to kind of really know what you're doing in order
to do that. I mean, maybe I'm just being naive, that's fine, but I do feel sorry for a lot of
these folks because of piracy. I do feel bad for Nintendo and this is why that they're unable to
put out those Nintendo systems. If only they had sold 50,000 copies more of New Super Mario
Brothers Wii in Australia, the world would be a better place. Wiis would be plentiful, everyone
would be happy. I think a lot of times though, I bet of those 50,000 people, they wouldn't have
bought the game. I mean, that's the one thing I will say, maybe of the 50,000, like 500 ever
actually planned on buying the game. A lot of people want to download stuff because it's free.
There's lots of people that download CDs that are like, oh, I don't know if I had ever really
listened to this, but hey, since I have an opportunity, I'll check this out. I actually buy
CDs and individual tracks off Amazon all the time. I buy iTunes and regular CDs once in a while too,
but what I cannot stand is like import. Like very recently, I'll admit I downloaded a CD,
but that's because the CD is not out here, but it's out in another country. I'll support the
artists when they're finally released here, but in the meantime. If it's what I'm thinking of,
I'm totally planning on getting that. Yes, it is what you're thinking. And by the way,
I actually almost laid down 30 bucks to import an Angela Aki CD. So I was close.
Okay. Let me put it this way. I think people need to realize it's a worldwide market now.
I understand. I understand that, you know, it is technically theft, but it's one of those,
I guess you would say it's like a, not really a harmless crime, but it's,
you know, victimless, I guess. I don't know. But you would see, I guess you could say that
development houses are victims. And I was gonna say how many development houses did Activision
shut down? Oh, okay. Come on. That is not because of piracy. That is because they're stupid and put
out 50,000 different guitar hero games. Oh, boo fucking who? Okay. You know, those guys got paid
for making the games that they did. And you know what? The one development house put out the really
shitty, you know, Transformers games. So I don't feel bad for them at all. You know, Luxo Flux.
Hey, you made a great game when Vigilante 8 came out, but what the fuck happened since then?
Nothing. You put out crappy games now. But anyways, whatever. Okay. So that's, that's
their decision. They'll get eaten up by some other, you know, publishing house or something
like that. So they're going to be in work again eventually. But that is not because of piracy.
Piracy did not cause guitar hero Van Halen to sell like shit. The game was just shit. That's,
that's all that it comes down to. I don't think you can, maybe I'm just being naive, but I, I,
I don't pirate, pirate console games because, well, A, I just, you know, I'd rather have the
real thing. And B, it's kind of a pain in the ass to do. It's, it's, it's actually easier for
me to use something legitimate like Gamefly. I could if I wanted to, but I have too many
games I'm playing now. So why would I bother downloading and burning off a game to just sit?
Ooh, good. Look, I have a whole stack of like, you know, games I could be playing,
but I don't have time because I'm playing Borderlands or I'm playing Bioshock 2 or,
you know, it's just, I don't have time for that stuff.
All right. The views and opinions expressed by the host do not necessarily. All right. Anyway,
but if you want to express your opinion, uh, we'll take emails, mailbag at orangeontraded.com.
I'm sure some people are sitting there wanting to say their piece. So, uh, I'm sure we'll hear more
about this next week. Uh, moving on, I'm going to go ahead and cover this next story as well.
It has to do with, uh, the iPad and, uh, PopCap. Apparently PopCap, or as I've called them before
in the show, PopCrack, they do believe that the iPad will change gaming. It's just going to take
about three years and a hardware update before it's really going to happen. This comes from the
co-founder of PopCap, John Vesce, uh, talking to Eurogamer saying that the, uh, iPad will change
gaming. It will be phenomenally successful and it will fulfill a need consumers don't even know they
have yet. The iPad's important, but I think it's going to be more important in three years.
Look how long it took the iPod to get the momentum where everyone has one. It's probably going to
take the second generation iPad to make it really like, wow. This is my opinion and I think it's
going to be phenomenally successful. I really do. It's very simple. It's not like it has a magical
set of features, just a great package. I know what I'm getting when I have to get my mom a computer
now on iPad because she can't screw it up. She can't download a bunch of stuff. That's the
perfect mom computer, right? And it's the perfect computer for 10 year olds to play with. Again,
those comments from PopCap co-founder John Vesce to Eurogamer. Wrong. Okay. You know why I'm
singing wrong? I mean, it's the perfect, perfect computer. She can't download anything to it and
stuff. Okay. So what you're seeing is your mom's an idiot and can't, you know, handle, you know,
Oh, what's this attachment virus? That sounds interesting. Well, my, my mom who for the longest
time didn't even know what the CD tray did in a computer is now using email and I get emails from
her and it's very strange, but I'm just worried. My grandmother's using email. I'm worried the next
time I go, she's going to be like, Rob, I need you to help me with my computer. I want to learn how
to use Facebook. At which point I'm just going to kill myself. My mother's on Facebook. But, um,
whenever I get asked, I know I'm going to go to her house and I'm just like, her, her thing will
be riddled with popups and she'll somehow have Gator on her computer, even though they went
bankrupt like 10 years ago. Like it'll just be flooded with spyware and virus ware and all this
stuff. Well, there's, I mean, just use common sense, but I mean, okay, let's say, Oh, this is
the computer I'm going to get my mom or something like that. I'm sorry. Would you really want to get
her something that's way overpriced? You can get her a nice laptop for the same kind of money as
that. And you know what? A little bit of common sense goes a long way. Don't need the, you know,
buy them. You know, the Apple products are not, you know, computers for complete idiots. They
can't understand anything. I mean, at least that's, I hope not the impression that they're
trying to put out there. Oh, I'm sorry. You're too dumb for PC. You need to move to app to, uh,
the Apple products, you know, Apple products. It's special ed for computer users. Look,
despite the choice of words he used, I think he makes a point. It's kind of the same thing I said
about the iPad a couple of weeks ago. There's going to be a new one. Apple puts out new ones
every year. And this first version of the iPad is kind of yoink yoink, but let's not forget the
iPhone didn't have the apps on it when it first came out. And that's what really took the iPhone
to the next level. The iPad will get its features. It's just going to take a year. I tell you,
if an iPad like had a video camera on the front of it, then so you could do video conferencing
from it, like over 3g and stuff. Oh my God, it would sell like crazy. And that'll be in the
revision. It will wait and see, and then it'll change gaming. Cause it'll have a camera. It'll
have motion, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. You know what though? The Nintendo we three will be
super awesome because it's going to have, you know, holographic graphics and it's just going to be
phenomenal. So let's just, you know, support them with that. Oh yeah. With a PlayStation
four is going to vacuum the floor and do the dishes and cook me breakfast.
I mean, that's stupid. That's a stupid argument. Oh, well it's not going to, it'll be good in three
years. Well, good for them. It'll be good after they figured out it sucks. That's awesome. That's
an awesome argument. Yeah, it sucks now, but you know, eventually when they figure out that it
sucks and make a better platform, then it'll be awesome. No, it won't. It'll still suck and then
they'll come out with something else. One step closer to the holodeck. Gaming always takes us
one step closer to the holodeck. Such a stupid argument. I'm sorry. Stupid pop cap. Make your,
you make your addicting little games and be done with it and we don't need your opinion out there
in the marketplace. I'm telling you, Bejeweled Blitz, seriously, crack. Seriously, crack. Okay.
And I, and I give them props for making addictive casual games that sell like crazy. At the same
time, they have no fucking clue what platform works well, you know, out there. I mean, come on,
man. It is just a large, you know, iPod touch. That's all it is. And yeah. Let the man have an
opinion. Whatever. It'll be phenomenal later on when the new version comes out. Well, that's
awesome, but you know, by that time they're going to come out with something else and people are
going to totally forget about the iPad. Where every gamer has a voice, Loki. Every gamer.
Whatever. All right, Loki, what do you have for us? Next one news. God, it's so frustrating. Um,
well, apparently they're making movies about anything nowadays. That's especially the case
when it comes to licensing movie or games into movies. Um, speaking of which, you know, half
these games that get licensed into movies, um, it's like, where the hell are they? Like for
example, clock tower, where the hell is that? I mean, shit, they're making movies based on
battleship. Wasn't there supposed to be a silent, a silent hill two movie at some point too.
Oh yeah. I'm sure after, you know, they've, you know, they're done churning out remakes.
It was supposed to be like a new clue. Like they say, keep saying as a remake of the eighties one,
but it's not because that is like, that's, that is scripture to me. You do not remake clue from
the eighties. Okay. Um, but they're gonna do like the battleship and whatever. No, in monopoly. Oh
yeah. Monopoly movie. You can't, you can't. I'd like to see a Yahtzee movie. Go fish.
A movie about old maid and it's about an old maid. It's awful. Her pairs of friends. Anyways,
speaking of awful, um, you know, one of the games that they decided to, or I guess the developer of
said game is looking to license it into a movie, kind of the opposite of where, you know, uh,
Darkest of Days. It was a game based off of, you know, you're this, these futuristic soldiers that
go back in time to save certain people from different wars. So basically it's time cop
again. Um, you go back in time and you, you know, kill people and whatnot. Um, so now they are,
they're looking at, um, I guess the, um, the writers of the rock are attached to craft the,
uh, screenplays. So, Hey, that could be kind of cool cause you know, they wrote a pretty good
screenplay for the rock, but Oh, the good thing about this though, is the premise is interesting
enough where that most people won't even realize it's a game time. And in fact, it probably,
it's a good thing that they don't associate it with the game at all. But can they make a movie
out of this? I mean, do you think it would be any good? It's vague enough to where it works. It's
people going back in time, killing other people. I mean, that sounds interesting enough. All right.
Too bad. The game didn't have more of an impact. Yeah. Uh, moving on to a game that probably will
have more impact. We talked a lot about this last week, uh, Sonic the Hedgehog four, but the news
had just recently came out when we did the show. So, um, a little more has developed, including
a rumor going around that Sonic the Hedgehog four may actually be out in retail once all of the
episodes come out on, uh, you know, the various networks, um, sort of like what they did with
grand theft auto four, you know, they had the download content and then they released a, uh,
released it to retail. Uh, this is a rumor, I guess, from people reading into the Sonic four
website. Uh, apparently, uh, even though it talks about Sonic four on digital platforms,
there's still another one that says TBD to be determined for a Sonic four. So who knows
a retail release possibly by the way, speaking of Sonic four, there's a petition going around
for folks not happy with the look of the new Sonic. That's right. Some folks say that old
2d Sonic need to come back. There is a petition because there's always some damn petition online
for something about 500 people have signed it so far wanting Sega to change the Sonic design back
to the way he looked in the Genesis era. I mean, granted, I could see like maybe a code that
unlocks the old Sonic sprite, but as far as I'm concerned, if you want to go back and see the old
Sonic from 15 years ago, go back and play the old Sonic from 15 years ago. Agree? Disagree? Dark
Sakura, what do you think of the petition? Well, it's not a sprite anyway. It's 3d model. So
whatever you can sort of take a sprite and make a 3d model out of it though. Like I would reference
like the game and watch character in smash brothers, melee. So you could sort of do it
if you really wanted to. Right. I guess it'd be possible. I mean, they could just do a
cell shaded, um, one that's like the other, I don't know, but I have no problem with it.
Going to our chat room for some always a great gems in our chat room, chat.orangetontrady.com
Legend of Zaku says, are you shitting me? There's no pleasing these diehards.
Uh, dark Tetsuya says, nah, they'll just charge for DLC to reskin them. Sad, but probably true.
Uh, let's see. Blades of Steel says, yeah, um, internet petitions don't work. And, uh,
Ray Iannami, I love this comment says, Sonic, I'm a really happy for you and I'm gonna let
you finish, but Twilight has one of the dumbest fan bases of all time.
Take from that what you will. Huh? Yeah. Hey, let's go to the mailbag.
Every week we invite you guys to send us emails at mailbag at orangelauntrady.com. And, uh,
we read a few of your favorites here on the show. Since Dark Sakura's having voice issues tonight,
I'm going to go ahead and relieve her of her mailbag duties and I'll read the mailbag for her.
So again, send us your emails at mailbag at orangelauntrady.com. We just have a
couple of emails this week. Uh, not a whole lot to read tonight, but I do want to read
these couple quick emails that we have in the mailbag. Uh, we're going to start it off with
an email from, I don't see a signature, so I'll just say, um, Sam S from the email header.
Sam says, Hey guys, sorry about the shitty grammar. I'm on my PSP, fat. I just wanted to say,
I love the show. Keep up the good work, but please get the shows on the feed as fast as possible. I
get withdrawal from you guys. So keep it up G. All right, G. Well, I'm gonna tell you that we do try
to get the shows up like the day after we record now so far for 2010, even though we missed like
two weeks of show, just because there wasn't an actual show. Uh, I'm pretty good about getting
them up in 24 hours. So I'd like to pat myself on the back. Here's a much longer email tonight from
the name Molten Brown. One of my favorite, uh, nicknames that we have out there. Hey guys,
it's Molten Brown again. Yes, despite the humor over the name last time I wrote in,
I decided to keep it. Well, good for you. You stick by what you believe in Molten Brown.
I listened to your podcast from last week when you touched on the issue of developers rights again,
and I wanted to weigh in. It's my first year of law school and other than making me more cynical
about the legal system as a whole, I am realizing how many different things affect the outcome of a
lawsuit disclaimer. I could be completely wrong and I accept that, but this is my opinion based
on what I know. Fine by me. I'm welcoming of all opinions. And honestly, I don't think the
developers would have a chance against the companies unless they banded together. And even
then it would be questionable. I know the dark Sakura feels that if you don't do anything about
a bad situation, you are helping to create the situation. And I agree with her in part,
but I also realized that the game companies are going to have a lot more money to defend
themselves than the developers. And this affects how good of lawyers they can get, what the lawyers
can do on their case, where the lawyer can devote more time to the case or has to juggle multiple
clients at the same time, and the influence they may have on the deciding of the case.
This assumption is based on a scenario where this case is filed in a state court with an elected
judge and the company or a parent company may have contributed funds to the judge's campaign.
And then there are the costs that come from having to file the case in court,
going through discovery and all the other steps of process. Developers may not have the monetary
means to defend themselves with the law, so even if they wanted to, it might not be possible.
And that sucks. Sorry for being a downer, but I wanted to shed some light on some of the other
issues developers may face that prevent them from doing anything. And Molten Brown signs his email.
This email has been brought to you by Sleep Deprivation. Need a ready excuse for screwing
up? Sleep Deprivation may be the thing for you. Dark Sakura, any comments on the other
perspective there? No, I agree with it. I just still think that if it's still, I think that
people need to put the effort into, this is why I'm thinking it would be something like along the
lines of a class action lawsuit. Well, I kind of suggested this a couple of weeks ago and I
realized this is a polarizing topic and I don't want to get too political, but I just want to
throw that idea out there and see what sticks. Unions. What if there was like a union for game
developers that they kind of banded together and then maybe could afford some of these things,
you know what I mean? Like granted, then you get all these like the dues that goes with it,
but at least there'll be like a union to fight for rights. But look, I realize it's a polarizing
topic, but I just want to throw the idea out there. I mean, can you tell me what's right or
what's wrong with that idea? I think it's a good idea. It's just the whole point that it's sad that
we're dealing with, you know, that level of corruption, I think, in the system. So if you
want to continue this debate next week, that's fine. But if you're going to email us on this
topic again at mailbagatorangeloungeradio.com, I really want to hear your thoughts on the
whole union idea. Good idea, bad idea, whatever idea. That was really it for emails this week.
Mailbagatorangeloungeradio.com if you want to send us more emails. Okay. What was that?
Having a child melt down in the other room. Yeah, I can hear. It's all right. We're going to still
try to continue with the show. After the mailbag, we always like to take a minute to say,
F U to things that are making us angry. It's a little segment we call the FUs of the week.
Dark Soccer, do you have any angst for us tonight? Being sick.
Loki. Um, not really, actually. Oh, amazing.
Really? You're just in a good mood. Everything's happy. I'm in a complacent mood. Oh, good to hear
it. Um, I don't really have a lot of FUs either. I feel like I should have something. Um, I'll just
give another FU to moving and having to get everything in boxes and all that good stuff. I'm
not looking forward to moving, but at least it'll be over after this week. Oh, and an FU to my car.
There's always a new surprise with what breaks down in my car. And today it's the air conditioner.
When you turn on the fan, now you hear this, like, I think the fan itself is just like about
to spin loose and probably, uh, fly off my car in the moment. Goody goody.
Fun time. It's going to do it for the FUs of the week.
All right. Uh, let's move on with some more, uh, new stories. Just a couple more for you guys.
Then we're going to open up the Skype line at 1 8 7 7 game O L R or username on Skype,
orange lounge radio. Do you remember if you're going to use the Skype client to actually call us
call echo 1 2 3 first, if you've never been on the show before, even if you have been on the
show before, you might just want to double check that you're okay. Uh, during the 2009 fiscal
earnings report from, um, Activision CEO, Michael Griffith noted that bizarre creations, um, would
be doing a multiplayer beta for blur next month. Uh, they didn't specify, um, when it's going to be,
um, or when exactly it's going to be. Um, but that at least it'll be on, um,
the X-Box three six. Well, they didn't say that's stupid. They didn't say what platforms
the games coming in are coming out on PlayStation three and X-Box three 60, but, um, no word on
which platform actually going to do the beta for. So, well, I'm excited for blur. It was
one of my favorite things we saw at E3 last year. It's, you know, Mario cart meets burnout. I think
it was why I was calling it before. It'll be neat. I know I'm excited for it. All right. And the last
story I have for you guys tonight has to do with game room. Of course, I'm pretty excited about
game room. I love my classic games and there are some more tidbits coming out of the X 10 event
when it comes to game room. Uh, apparently five to seven games a week are supposed to be added
for download. That's what they're claiming. We'll see if it becomes a reality or not.
Uh, they want to do like a weekly release on a particular day, kind of like what they do for
rock band or the X-Box live arcade. Uh, right now they're looking at Thursday, but that could change.
Also, apparently they're going to add some incentives for you to get games the day that
they come out. So if you like buy a game, the day it comes out, it will be a special item that stays
with you in your personal game room. Um, one of the things that, uh, the game room producer,
Fred Norton was showing off was a helicopter that flew around the player's avatar. Uh, the day one
exclusives would be different for every game. It would somehow tie on tie into the game's iconography.
So like, you know, um, and I, if you really watch that game room trailer, you see like, you can see
like a little yellow dragon from adventure rendered in 3d, which I know sounds weird, but it's like
walking around the little play house. I bet it would be little things like that, that you're going
to get for day one releases. I would imagine. So have they mentioned how you're going to be able
to go to like friends game rooms and stuff like that? Cause what's the point in decorating your
own game room? If only you see it. No, they haven't. And I'm thinking it, I wouldn't, um,
I wouldn't get too excited about this. I think it's just going to be that you have your game room
and you can go look at others games room. I would think that you would at least be able to play a
demo, but you know what it is. It's going to be the way for them to solicit the quarters.
I, you probably will do a lot of your 40 Microsoft point play or your 50 cent play
visiting other people's game rooms. I think that's the whole idea behind it is go visit
your friends game rooms and try out their machines for 40 points at pop. I bet you that's what it is.
So we'll see though. There's a still a ways to go before the end of March when game room is
expected to come out and hopefully our questions will be answered by then. So that does it for the
scheduled stories we have tonight. We're going to go ahead and go to the Skypline first though,
before we get to the Skypline and I, I want to play this voicemail, uh, because this is
about something we probably haven't talked enough about on the show, but it is a big
thing going on in our website right now. So let me play this voicemail first.
Hi Rob, this is Brett Wall from Undertation Live. Our show is on hiatus, so I'm leaving the voicemail to Orange Lawrence Radio, reminding all of your listeners to participate in QSL Madness. I'm getting distracted, but we're around 64 right now. There's some fantastic
match-ups going on. All you need is a form account and a hand to click your mouse with. Uh, it's all on our form. Uh, they're at www.orangeloungeradio.com. Be sure to visit and hello to everybody out there at Orange
Lawrence Radio Land. We miss you on QSL. Anyways, talk to you later tonight.
Thank you very much, Bresl from uh, Undertation Live. I didn't know they were on hiatus. What's
going on there? Like, well, I thought I saw a tweet about it, but I don't know. Sometimes like
Travis threatens to go on hiatus, but then doesn't really go on hiatus. So I hope everything's okay
over at QSL Land. So uh, whatever. Uh, I hope you guys get better or whatever's going on. Um, but yes,
Undertation Live Madness, the um, big battle to figure out the greatest video game of all time
is going on right now on the Orange Lawrence Radio forums. Um, it's kind of some surprising things
going on there. Like, I, I kind of lost my shit and got angry when Time Crisis beat Civilization,
which I think is a travesty. But whatever, I'll leave my opinions on the forums. Um, you can vote
for whichever game you like more and then they kind of, you know, whittle their way down. It's
kind of modeled after like a March Madness, you know, NCAA kind of thing, uh, to the greatest
video game of all time, which Super Metroid won one year. I think, uh, Mario 3 won it last year.
And so we'll see who wins this year. There's a bunch of stuff going on on the forums right now.
So if you haven't checked that out, check that out on the forums at OrangeLawrenceRadio.com. There's
a whole little March Madness section there. So take a look. All right. Um, we're gonna go to
the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR. We're now open for business on the Skype line. Go ahead and give
us a call if you'd like, and we'll take some calls. Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
This is dsmaster26. Hey, dsmaster. What's on your mind?
Uh, not much. Other than I participated in the finale of 1 vs. 100, which was perceived to be
a Halo fan-gasm, as you will. Really? Did that happen tonight? Was the 1 vs. 100 finale tonight?
No, it was, uh, it was two days ago. So what did they do? What made it such a
Halo fan-gasm? I missed it. I forgot that the season was coming to an end.
They had two of the creators from Halo, three and three of you, actually the creators of the whole
series on that, talking about, um, the Halo series and Halo Legends, seeing them coming out soon.
And they were giving away three copies, um, to those who got some Halo questions right,
of the Halo Legends anime. Was there any mention of, um, the whole news
about Xbox Live? Because I know this, this just happened a couple weeks ago, about original Xbox
Live shutting down for original Xbox, and how that will impact Halo 2. Did that come up at all?
I did not talk about that. Uh, I guess that doesn't really surprise
me. I just kind of wondered if that would come up at all. Did they say anything during the
finale about the next season of One vs. 100? Um, they said there is definitely going to be
season three, but they don't know exactly when it's possibly going to start. Um,
damn, it's cold in Nebraska. And the sky is blue, what else is new?
I got a little bit of a news announcement for you guys, because, uh, the broadcasting class
from the Career Center over here in Omaha, Nebraska, is coming all the way to Anaheim,
California. All right, wait, wait, I gotta take it back to One vs. 100 for a minute here.
What do you want to see in season three? Huh?
What, what do you want to see in season three of One vs. 100?
Ooh, um, probably them to try to get, oh god, probably the guys behind DJ Hero or something,
like in, like, I don't know, something like Lady Gaga or something.
So, I agree, Lady Gaga would be great. So, so more guests. I did tune, I did play the One,
One vs. 100, uh, when Jeff Probst was a guest promoting his Survivor and all that stuff, so.
Oh, and actually, um, that same night with the Halo guys,
Jimmy Fallon, um, popped in once or twice. Oh, interesting. Was he funny?
He was definitely funny. Well, that's a first.
He also plays One vs. 100. I see. Uh, one other quick question for you,
DiazMaster, then we're gonna let you go. But a couple weeks ago here on the show,
we were talking about, you know, maybe Xbox should consider some other game shows besides
just One vs. 100. Is there a game show that you think Xbox should be doing as a game show
besides just One vs. 100? Ooh. Well,
there are three game shows in my mind that would be really good for Xbox 5 in that same
spiel that One vs. 100 is going at. Mm-hmm.
Um, and, sorry, but not really. Deal or no deal, no. That's a no-go. But, uh, probably
Who Wants to Be a Millionaire, that'd be good. Oh, okay.
Because that was a video game years ago. Good idea.
But I think it probably could take up on the lot.
I also give a big fat no to Deal or No Deal because I, it's, I hate that game show. I
think it's a terrible game show. It's the worst game show, one of the, one of the worst
they've ever done because Deal or No Deal takes absolutely no skill. There is zero skill
involved. Speaking of Deal or No Deal, it's become,
um, you know those ticket redemption games, right?
Yeah, I've played it. They need a Deal or No Deal for that now.
I've played it. I hate to admit I played it. Uh, my friend, it wasn't me, but one of my
friends actually got all the way down to opening the final case and won the jackpot. I was
amazed. But then I also wasn't because I was like,
she just got lucky because there's no skill involved.
There are two game shows in my mind would probably have to be like Real Fortune, that'd
be pretty good. And, um, Hollywood Squares. Now Hollywood Squares I'd be down with. That
would be pretty funny. You could totally do the process right.
I know you could. You could, but they won't. All right. Well, uh, DS Master.
Just to let you know, you're, I don't know what year it's my phone or something, but
the audio when you're speaking on my end, like you're sounding a little bit crackly.
I don't know what's up. Um, it's demons in the phone system.
Damn. All right. Have a good night DS Master.
All right. You too and happy Valentine's Day, O.L.R. crew.
Later. I don't know what that is. I, it's always going to sound a little weird over
our little rig set up here, but do remember if you do call O.L.R., turn your volume down
a lot so that you don't get picked up. In fact, it's even best to turn it off, but just
like, or mute it or something. Just keep that in mind. Uh, 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username
on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio on Skype. Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hi, this is Spazinator. Hi Spazinator. What's on your mind?
Uh, you know, well, one, uh, one issue is, uh, kind of, uh, you know, compound issue.
Um, I didn't know if you saw my 1-3 from earlier, but I kind of want to take, uh,
Sony to ask about, uh, problems I'm having. Please do.
Yeah, uh, you know, my initial problem is, is, uh, my PlayStation 3, uh, just last weekend,
got the dreaded yellow white of death. Uh-oh.
Yeah, uh, you know, uh, I'm sure you, you know, Dr. Sakura and, uh, you know, Loki, all, you know,
know the, you know, what that is or won't even bother to, you know, explain it, but, uh, there's
so much music. Are you just mad about the yellow light or did something happen in trying to get it
fixed? Uh, using so much, uh, the yellow white of death, uh, I know that systems fail and I can
always, you know, and I plan on taking it to Sony every six. There isn't so much a problem.
Where the problem lies is that when I explained the situation to one of the Sony reps and told
them that they need to send my system in for repairs, I need to explain to them that, uh,
I have two profiles on my system. One, you want to work just for, for, for gaming ones,
for purchasing movies and games we chose. And I have a lot of video content that purchases the
store. And, uh, I was concerned about, you know, uh, being able to play the videos that I purchased,
uh, you know, once I get the system back, cause, you know, they get really wonky DRM.
And to paraphrase what, you know, if they're one rep said, you know,
there's like a 50-50 chance that you may lose all your content.
A 50-50 chance? What the hell kind of advice is that? That's weird. I interpret that as
there's a zero chance. They're giving you false hope and that's pretty disgusting. And I remember
you went through this whole mess not that long ago with some, you lost like all your DRM to video
content and you finally got it. Like I remember you called us and we said, don't, don't take no
for an answer. You keep calling back. And finally you, you, you were able to get some of it back,
but it sounds like they're running you through that gauntlet again.
Yeah, yeah, exactly. And my, my, my problem, my, uh, why you thought is to, you know,
follow with what you just said is that I pay through the notes for all this content, you know,
you know, uh, two to three bucks per TV episode. You know, yeah, I got a whole shit ton of them,
uh, and plus 10 to $15 per movie, you know, and I get like hundreds and hundreds of videos,
so needless to say, that's a lot of money. And, you know, you know, I expect that since I pay
for all this stuff, I should be able to use it. And, you know, I ran out right now. I have, uh,
a hardware failure, you know, which like I have to send my machine into it repaired, but once I
get, you know, the machine repair, I should be able to play the content that I purchased, you
know, please keep us posted with what happens after the repair and everything, because, um,
you know, or which side of the 50 50 or whatever you end up on, because if you do lose your access
to all that and they don't do anything about it, I want to help put it out there in the public
because everybody needs to think twice about buying a damn thing from Sony. If you know,
this is the way they're going to treat it as like, well, there's a 50 50 chance it might still work.
This is why people hate DRM. And if they're going to leave the door wide open like this,
people need to know to not support it. And I would really encourage you that if Sony does not do the
right thing, does not satisfy you, does not leave you a satisfied customer, stop buying stuff on the
marketplace. I know that's going to be painful. I know you use them a lot, but you're going to have
to explore alternatives. You have to, you owe it to yourself. Yeah. Uh, what, why I kept playing for
me, which I already mentioned on Twitter and Facebook is, uh, I never had to fit my system in
just yet, because I'm waiting on a check from a social security disability PE to cover the, the,
the cost of the repairs. But once I do get that check, um, I'm going to call Sony again,
uh, get the ball rolling on the repair. And when I do that, I got to speak directly to a supervisor
like I did the last time. Good idea. We're going to have to wrap up so we get to some more calls,
but please keep us posted on what happens. I'm sure we'll do. All right. You too. Take care
about it. Good luck. Let us know what happens, man. That's that is irritating. I would be so
mad if I was him right now. Um, and I love what Brad is saying here in chat. And again,
we don't know what the end result's going to be. So we'll see. But Brad says, says in chat,
shit like this is why I just torrent my video content. Dude. Look, he was just having this
whole spiel on piracy earlier. Like this is it right here. Like people pirate because of DRM.
And if you want to know legitimately why there might be a fraction of a reason to support piracy,
listen to spassinators call. Like I would only like if, if his thing comes back and none of
his content works again, I'm going to be like, dude, you should be pirating things on the PlayStation
marketplace. Cause that's the only way you're going to get around the DRM. I don't see why
it wouldn't work because it's tied to his account, not his system. We had the problem before,
but dude, can you believe a rep told him there's a 50 50 chance you're going to lose it all.
People working for all companies. It's like saying I might like you and I might not just,
I don't know. As a customer service trainer, that irritates me. Call back and talk to a different
rep. Let's get to another call. Hi, you're on orange launch radio. Who's this? Good morning.
This is from the West coast of Sweden. This is Judith speaking. Well, hello. Another Swedish
listener. Do you know AK ripper? No, I don't know him, but I heard him on the, a couple of the last
episode. I think he called in and I've heard him a bunch of times. So I figured I'd try and get on
and represent Sweden. Well, Hey, we're all about dude. We're like getting bigger than ABBA. All
right. No. All right. So to what do we owe this phone call tonight? What's on your mind?
I have a couple of things. First, I would like to do like a shout out to the person who
directed me to orange launch radio and got me to start listening to it. And that's Dalit,
it's D A L 33 T. I don't think he's ever called in or been on the chat, but I just want to give
him big thank you. And hopefully he hears this and gets back to me. Dalit, thank you for being
leet because we always do say at the end of the show, um, if you like orange on his radio, tell
a friend or two about the show and help us spread the word. Clearly leet has done that and gets a
gold star for his efforts. Thank you. And happy first call to the show. Yes. And happy first call
to the show. Hopefully I'll have many more. Um, and I also have a question. Uh, you had
talked about some bit, a bit about piracy before, and if it's such a big concern and there's been
a lot of talking about it in the chat, if, what, what should they do to prevent it? Should they
have more DRM, less DRM, more extreme DRM, like maybe having to take a photo of your receipt and
then send it in and have, have to call in and then have it activated online or what should,
what should companies do to prevent piracy? You know, I don't think there's an easy answer. I
think if that answer were out there, it would be probably be being done right now. It's not easy to
solve, but how should they go about trying to sort of watch up what approach, more restrictions
or more freedom or I'm not a fan of the program based DRM. I prefer activation codes though they
are easier to bypass. Um, but for an example of it being effective, um, when I was given Guild Wars
as a present and my activation code had been scratched off, I couldn't find a generator.
I couldn't do anything. I actually took a photo of my code and gave them the serial number off
of my box. They sent me a new code and that to me I think is less frustrating than having to
deal with something that's going to install on your system or having to redownload things.
I think we're only a few years away from mandatory internet activation and you see a lot of products
already going that way and I think always there's these kind of like outs. Well, what about the
military people who don't have internet connection or you know, in, in some parts of America out in
the Midwest where, you know, there's, there's more remote parts of the country. Not everybody
has a high speed and constant internet connection, but you know, in, in five more years, I don't
think that's going to be the case. I think you're going to get a lot more places in the world wired
on the internet. I think that's where things are going to go. Do I think they should go there?
Maybe not, but that's where they're going to go. Um, I always miss the old, uh, you have to look in
the manual to look at the faces or match things up. And that's how they used to do the old PC
uh, stuff back in the day. But that's a photo copy that I know, but I missed that stuff. Okay. Here's
my real answer though, is that, um, I think one way that they could do it is, is kind of one thing
they're doing is it's kind of one of those fight fire with fire is that the publishers themselves
go out on these torrent sites and put the games up for download, but they're borked versions
like the whole, uh, you remember Arkham asylum was criminal and stuff like that. Yeah. Honestly,
I know it's a weird approach and maybe it's not like my favorite thing that they should do,
but I support the developers fighting fire with fire. It's not going to work though that way.
The reason why is because the communities now that have, you know, all the release sites and
stuff like that, they recognize that there's a borked version on there and they will basically
nuke it. And so it comes off the list of releases and then they'll wait for a legitimate release
group to release the title on there. So that may work in the short run, but people will find,
or, you know, as in the case of Batman Arkham asylum, people will find a way around it within
like a day that, and that will be done for. So really the easiest way to do it. And unfortunately
it is going to be the mandatory online and you know, um, activations. It's basically going to be
a code inside like a manual or something like that, that they're going to have to, you know,
enter in to some online services, download a key or something, or it's going to be, you know,
inside the manual and you put it in the game and then people will find a way to a key generator
around it. So no matter what they do, people will find a way around it. I got one more thought,
and then I'm sure you want to say something on this too. My other thought would be, I think the
best way to probably stop piracy or, or at least curb it, I don't think you will ever stop it,
but to curb it, I think you make it cheap. You make it stupid. Like, and I would point at iTunes
as an example of that, you know, iTunes kind of showed up in the wake of Napster, you know,
Napster got shut down. Obviously iTunes kind of showed up as like a legitimate way of doing
something like Napster. And the cool thing about iTunes, and I think one reason why it's been very
successful, it's easy enough for my mother to use. It's cheap, 99 cents a song, and stupid. Click
button, purchase song. I think that's why digital distribution and things like Steam are starting
to get more and more, and I think Steam is going to pick up, pardon the pun, Steam, and you're
going to see more, you know, these blowout sales, $9.99 for a game, click button, receive game.
Well, also it doesn't, it gives you the illusion of having not really spent anything because you're
not dealing with a tangible item. You know, it's, you're not cashing out money using your card.
You're just clicking a button and there you go. Your information is already there, which it does
encourage people to spend more. I'm guilty of the same, like Amazon's one click. That gets me. I buy
books on Kindle and end up paying too much. And look at, look at the 360, as, as Bobby lovingly
refers to it, the Microsoft space bucks. That's all just an elaborate illusion that you're spending
real money. Anyhow, caller, I know you probably have something you want to say on this. What are
your thoughts on your own question? Uh, I think they need to take away the DRM and make it,
like you said, make it cheaper and make it, encourage people to buy it. Cause having,
it's like the, I had a painful experience with Bioshock when I first bought it,
because you can install it like five times and you have to do an online activation. And after
five times you have to call in and if you want to get help to get reactivated. And then I heard
from a friend who pirated it and he didn't have any troubles. It was super easy for him. And it
feels like if I buy something, I should get more than someone who pirates it, not less. I shouldn't
be punished for paying. Dude, I'm with you. And that's almost like, like our last caller,
the guy who's having problems with his video content. He's being punished for his hardware
breaking and him trying to support things and do things the legal way. You expect anybody to
support your account. And that's why I said, dude, spazzinator, if it stops working, you need to just
stop supporting Sony like that. I mean, he's a, he's, he champions for Sony a lot on this show,
but if they're not going to return the favor to him, they can go F themselves and we should
bring it to light that, you know, if you use the Sony video marketplace to buy content,
it could possibly be a ticking time bomb. Hopefully it comes out next week that this was
all just a big scare from a bonehead rep at Sony. Let's hope. Anyhow.
Well, I'm not going to take up more of your time. I'm going to wish you a happy belated Valentine's
Day and say goodbye. You're still in time here in the US. It's 8.30 and it's still Valentine's
Day here. So thank you very much for the call. It's almost 6 a.m. here. Thank you for staying
up late. It means a lot. No worries. All right. Have a good one, buddy. Same. Night.
I love first time callers. And you know what? I think that's the perfect way to end the
Skypline tonight. So I'm sorry to those guys that didn't get through tonight. Remember,
you still can't send us tweets. You can send us emails. There are tons of other ways to
interact with the show. Um, but I think let's, let's end it on a first time caller tonight.
That was, that was a good note to end on and a good topic. Very good topic. Kind of. It's,
it's interesting how those two calls related tonight, isn't it? Anyhow. A last minute stories
Loki. I know you've got to have some last minute stories over there. Nope. No, no. I just wasn't
paying attention. Jerk. No, it's, um, I'm sure we've got something, but I just have to look it up.
Well, I, at dark soccer, do you have any last minute stories for the night? I don't know.
I'm almost done with this hat. All right. Just quick programming note next week. Um,
we are still planning on having a show next week, but I just want to warn folks if things get
delayed or something weird happens, it could happen. Just, this is live really not so much
podcast. Um, I'm moving next week. Now I have movers that are supposed to be able to do it all
in the morning, but just if weird stuff happens. Yeah. The podcast could also be delayed a little
bit next week because I may not have internet at my new place right away. Uh, but if horse comes
towards, I'll just come over here to Casa to Jamie and take care of things over here. I'm
sure she won't mind. We'll make hats together and upload podcasts. It'll be fun. I'll teach you how
to crochet. I, it might be fun. Probably be more productive than a lot of the things I
stay at home and do like world of Warcraft and stuff. All right, Loki, got any last minute
stories for us? Yeah, we'll just cover a few things here. Um, Sam and Max, the devil's playground
has been revealed by the OFLC. Um, of course, you know, that leaked out when it got raided
and, uh, the episode, uh, one of that series, uh, will now be entitled the penal zone. So, uh,
that's scheduled to be coming out, um, later on, probably this year. Uh, let's see here. Um,
Holy invasion of privacy. Bad man is unfortunately, um, gonna have to change his name after a, uh,
conflict with an existing IP. In other words, Batman. Um, so now it has been changed to,
what did I do? Oh, what did I do to deserve this? My Lord. And of course, uh, the sequel will be
coming out very soon and we'll include the original as well. Um, Square Enix has trademarked
deuce X human revolution, possibly meaning that they're going to be doing a new game in that
series. And it's been a while. It's weird to hear that Squeenix is doing that, but I have to
remember they absorbed IDOS. So this is a little weird for me, but okay. Um, and then of course,
uh, those of you who bought Darksiders, um, early enough received a, um, card with a code on it and
the instructions of do not discard this card and you'll want to save this code. It has been
revealed though that that code will entitle you to a free copy of Red Faction Guerrilla for
PlayStation three or Xbox 360. And it's, um, the offer will be available until the end of,
uh, March 7th. And apparently, um, no word on exactly when you'll receive those copies. Um,
you will have to pay $5 for shipping, however, but, um, still though Red Faction Guerrilla is
a pretty awesome game and, uh, no word if they're still printing those cards and if they're
included in, um, copies of the game as of right now. And that's about it.
All right, well, that's gonna kind of start to wrap up another edition here.
Oh, I saw something else that was kind of funny real quick, but I have, no, I didn't, I didn't
see a link to it or anything, but apparently someone's developed an emulator for the NES.
Right now it doesn't have, um, any, uh, audio in it yet, but they programmed it all in the
Blu-ray, the, uh, what is it? Blu-ray Java. So it will actually be able to run on PlayStation
3s without modification using, using just a flash drive.
That's the NES emulator?
Yeah.
Is this out yet?
Um, apparently it is. I didn't see a link to where it was at though, but, um, it doesn't run,
like I said, with, um, sound yet, but it does run.
Yeah, it's only a matter of time then before they get the sound and everything.
But that's pretty awesome though that they're able to program that and no modification.
Hopefully it plays smoothly because the PlayStation controller is a sweet controller.
I would love to play NES games with that.
Yeah.
Ones that I own the cartridge for legitimately, of course.
Of course. That's it.
All right. Well, that's going to do it for another edition here of Orange Lounge Radio,
but, uh, before we wrap things up, we've got to go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
So, uh, DarkSakura, do you have any final thoughts for us tonight?
I have one.
What's that?
I need to play more Borderlands.
My final thought is I'm getting hungry again. Um, I had a very,
I had a very lovely breakfast made for me this morning. That was very filling,
but now, you know, that was, that was a while ago.
So now I'm getting to the point where I'm like, Ooh, tacos.
We'll see.
Anyhow, thank you guys so much for downloading our show or listening to us live and supporting
Orange Lounge Radio. Uh, we really appreciate the support. Uh, remember if you do enjoy the show,
all we ask, cause we don't have advertisements or anything like that. Just, um, tell a friend
or two about our show and help spread the word of Orange Lounge Radio, just like we heard about
happening tonight. So thank you guys very much for continuing to spread the love. It's all we ask.
Um, that's going to do it. We'll be back here next week with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Do it all over again with the latest in gaming news and to hear your voices at Orange Lounge
Radio, the place where every gamer has a voice. Have a great week, everybody. We'll see you next
time. You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge
production. To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com, Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific
time. The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those of
the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com, but we're probably right anyway.
See you next week.
