Tonight, February 7th, 2010, a new Sonic the Hedgehog game is announced.
Could you soon get premium Warcraft features on your iPhone?
And what first-person shooter is coming to Facebook?
I hope it's a game where I can shoot all my old friends from high school.
Hey, welcome back!
You're listening to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
Apparently we're going to have to see theme songs.
We're still having audio fail, even a week after having all our fun new equipment here
in studio.
Anyway, hi, we are that show dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture,
and the gamer lifestyle.
I'm here with you every week.
My name is Rob Roberts.
Joining me, as always, say hello to the lady shouting fail fail over there in the corner.
Our very own fail blog here in house, Dark Sakura.
Jamie.
Fail!
How are you?
I win.
And also joining us tonight, say hello to Cookie Master Loki.
Hello.
How you doing, Cookie Master Loki?
We're almost out of cookies.
All right.
So, just so you know, we've renamed Loki, at least for tonight anyway, Cookie Master
instead of Tech Master because he baked cookies and brought them.
And I don't know about Jamie, but I like it when people bring cookies to the show.
I like cookies.
Yes.
So, tonight he is Cookie Master Loki.
But I'm sure he'll talk about tech here and there as well.
In fact, you've been kind of over there hammering on YouTube, right?
What's going on over there on YouTube, Loki?
Well, they just uploaded my new video and disabled all the audio because they're awesome
like that.
What happened?
Copyright music.
Yeah, copyright.
But there's tons of videos out there that have copyright music in them.
That's lame.
I'm sorry to hear that.
It's all right.
We'll find someplace else to upload it because YouTube sucks.
There you go.
Or you could just play the song backwards.
That's the other idea.
Then they won't know.
I just don't care.
I have a sad announcement real quick.
What's your sad announcement?
The person who is going to be our youngest guest host ever can't make it.
I'm sorry to hear it.
He fell asleep in the car and needs a new diaper.
I'm sorry to hear it.
What about video games, what do you have talked about tonight you think?
Probably daddy playing the game.
What game?
Well, right now I think Becky's husband, Chris is playing, um, Mass Effect.
I was gonna say everybody's playing Mass Effect 2.
Except us.
Yeah.
For some reason, I just kind of missed it.
Dan just went back and bought Bioshock.
Wow.
And he's been playing that.
Well, let's talk about our gaming weeks and what the kind of games we've been playing.
That's how we always start off the show.
But hey, if you are joining us live on this Sunday evening, uh, first of all, thank you.
Welcome.
And thanks for listening to us live.
I mean, if you're listening to us on the podcast, we still love that too.
So thank you guys very much.
But if you are listening live on this Sunday evening, Super Bowl Sunday, but you decided
to take a break from the Super Bowl list, join us in our chat room, chat dot orange
lounge radio.com to talk about all of tonight's video game topics, including the games we
have been playing dark soccer.
How was your gaming week?
I played a crap ton of Star Trek online, and then I realized, um, when I decided to go
on the quest to find deep space nine, that I just, my little character had been just
running around the promenade for about an hour and a half, just running around, doing
nothing, running around.
And that's about it.
Well, I just have some like solitaire.
You didn't play like actual solitaire on the computer?
I didn't even, Oh, on the iPhone, I was gonna say, do they even include solitaire on the
computer anymore?
Or is that, yeah, it's included that in spider solitaire and a few of it, few others hearts
and freestyle and all that crap.
All right.
Uh, Loki, how was your gaming week?
It was pretty good.
I played more Borderlands and, um, that's still entertaining me.
Uh, more Grand Theft Auto finally made it.
I'm in the top 100 players now, um, for true skill rankings.
So I'm in like the mid nineties now for that.
That's pretty awesome.
And I'm working my way up just the cumulative, uh, ranked death match stats.
So, um, I think I'm, I don't know, varies depending on how much I play it.
Um, I think I'm around two 30 something right now.
Um, and then I purchased a Bioshock two.
So I played a little bit of that and that one's actually pretty cool.
Very similar obviously through the first game.
Now wait a minute.
I thought Bioshock two was now till Tuesday, but you have the hookup, right?
It's not out till Tuesday, but it's pretty awesome.
Um, so yeah, uh, definitely, um, we're checking out, especially if you'd like the first game.
It seems like there's going to be a lot of similarities between this game and the last
one.
But, um, so far I'm digging it.
I don't know.
Did they have multiplayer in this one?
They do.
Yeah.
Fun.
That's going to, that's going to be the big kicker right there.
Cause that was one kind of glaring omission in the first one and what a lot of people
were clamoring for.
So I think that's probably the whole sale of the game right there.
I don't know if I'll even play the multiplayer though.
I, it just doesn't seem like anything I'd be interested in.
Yeah, I know.
Whenever I play those multiplayer shooting games, I get raped in the face and that's
not a lot of fun.
Well, not necessarily that.
It just seems like tacked on or something, but whatever.
So that's it.
All right.
Um, my gaming week, kind of the same old stuff.
I've been playing more Bayonetta and world of Warcraft and um, you know, some of those
games.
The only new game I really checked out this week was one of the new Xbox live arcade games
that they have called chime.
Uh, somebody on Twitter had posted, Hey, if you like luminous, you should play chime.
And yeah, I could definitely see where somebody is making the comparisons between chime and
luminous.
They're both puzzle games.
They're both heavily involved with music.
They both have a beat line that sweeps across the screen and they have very similar looking
screens, might I say, uh, that affects the gameplay.
But where the games get very different is that, you know, you could say luminous is
somewhat of a Tetris inspired game.
Chime is like, I'm going to get really old school here and I bet half the listeners don't
even know what I'm talking about.
Chime is like the dallion Opus on the game boy.
Anyone ever played to dallion Opus?
Okay.
A while back.
Yeah.
It's one of these games here since you probably haven't played it.
Here's what it is.
It's basically like you have all these shapes that you're trying to put into and they're
all square based, but they might be in an L shape or a jagged shape and don't think
just Tetris pieces because sometimes they're like five or six blocks in a row.
Um, and uh, you, you try to fit them into this square or like, you know, some other
type of geometric shape.
I don't know.
It's kind of like tangrams, but all based around Tetris style shapes, if that makes
any sense at all.
I don't know.
You try to kind of fit them in there.
So Chime is about trying to make three by three squares as fast as you can out of these
odd shapes, which sound, it's a little harder than it sounds.
Um, and so as you build these squares on the play field, there's nothing to do with dropping
blocks or anything.
You, uh, actually have free form to put the, put things down wherever you want on the play
field.
Uh, but yeah, I have this odd fascination to still want to work from the ground up,
even though, um, the pieces don't fall or anything like that.
You just kind of can rotate them however you want and put them on the board.
Ray Iannami in our chatroom, chat.orangelandrater.com, uh, Tetro, Tetro, Tetromino's, I think it's
called.
I think that's it.
Yeah.
What you're talking about there.
Same kind of idea.
Um, so anyway, here's the thing is that as you build these blocks, your multiplier goes
up the faster you build them.
And, and oddly enough, yeah, it enhances the music as you build.
Uh, there's songs by Moby, one of the guys from Orbital, uh, Philip Glass has a song
in there, which I thought was totally random.
So there's some, actually some big name talent in the game, probably only about five songs
in the game, but it's only a $5 game and I don't know, maybe there'll be expansions later.
Um, but anyhow, the, the beat sweeper will kind of sweep out your crap if you leave it
behind too long.
Like if you've let these isolated pieces that didn't get formed into blocks, it, uh, the
beat sweeper will filter them out after it gets hit maybe like five times and then they
all flush out and you lose your multiplayer, multiplier.
So, um, it's good for cleaning up the board, but it's bad for your score.
So that's the gist of Chime.
Um, it's actually kind of a neat little puzzler.
I, I, I thought it was kind of cool and, uh, the music was very trancy, zoney, but I thought
it was decent for a game like that.
And best of all, it's only $5, even though it's only five songs.
Now here's the thing, is that the game is supposed to go for charity.
Like they, they really advertise heavily in the game that 60% of the purchase price goes
to these various children's charities and you can go online and look.
What I thought was a little weird though is that they actually, as part of the sales pitch
of the game say, buy this game and feel good about supporting charities.
Oh, and you get 50 gamer score just for buying the game.
Because there's an achievement that is called something like, and I'm paraphrasing here,
feel good about yourself, 50 gamer score.
You can feel good about yourself and the purchase you've made of this game.
And it just gives you basically 50 gamer score for, I guess, going to the title screen.
I thought that was a little weird, like, yeah, I get it.
It's for charity.
It's a good thing.
Da da da.
But you're essentially buying gamer score if you think about it that way and it's, it's
not that I necessarily have a problem with that, with the charity angle, but the fact
that it's kind of marketed like that is a little, I don't want to say off-putting, but
that's the best word I can think of.
I would say though that it's more of like a, just a little way of saying thank you for
your donation.
I think that badge should be worth zero gamer score if that's the case.
Like I'm okay with there being like a little badge of pride, like, yay, have your warm
fuzzies for buying our charity game.
But I don't think it should be worth any gamer score and I don't think they should be advertising
like, hey, if you buy this game, we'll give you 50 gamer score just for getting it.
Like, I don't know, for me that just kind of, it just seems like it opens the floodgates
to all this kind of like devious behavior.
Like I understand it's for charity and maybe like Microsoft kind of let them get away with
that for all that.
And I'm not trying to like knock the game.
It just, when I kind of looked at that, I kind of made one of those raised eyebrow faces
of that's, that ain't right, that, that ain't right.
But hey, it is for charity and heck, what games anymore are only five bucks on Xbox
Live and the music, you know, some good talent.
It's a little bit ambient and not, well, at least the demo song, like I don't know what
other songs are in the game.
I didn't watch the trailer or what have you.
So I'm assuming there's some other fast paced stuff.
But I think for just like a good little chill out game, five bucks is not asking too much.
And yeah, despite my little issue with the 50 gamer score for free, it is a feel good
thing that you can do like, hey, I bought this game and the money's going to charity.
So that's pretty cool.
So that was pretty much my gaming week, all things considered.
So those are pretty much the games I was playing.
How about you guys in chat?
How was your gaming week?
Some guys in chat kind of talking about the charity thing I was just talking about chat.orangelaungeradio.com.
Kevin DDR in chat says, only thing that irritated me was the different choice of pieces on different
songs.
I think that's something that fundamental to the gameplay strategy would stay consistent.
Interesting.
Kevin DDR said, also said, I assumed achievements generally got the amount of points based on
the relative difficulty of the achievement.
I guess, unfortunately, some developers don't want to do that.
Very good point because that 50 gamer score achievement is like the biggest one in that
game because they only have 200 to work with.
And the rest of the achievements are, some of them are fairly difficult, at least from
the little bit I played.
So there you go.
Some comments from chat.orangelaungeradio.com.
Some housekeeping tonight.
Of course, we always like to plug our Twitter and our Facebook, www.Twitter.com slash O-L-R.
If you want to follow us on Twitter, we do a segment of the show called Twitter topics
up a little later where you guys can get your questions and your story suggestions done
right here on the show.
We like to pitch ourselves as the show where every gamer has a voice.
So we want you guys to be heard.
Facebook is also another way you can follow us at Facebook.com slash OrangeLoungeRadio.
And you can join our little Facebook club there.
And we like to post little updates with what's going on behind the scenes.
Plenty of other places you can interact with us.
If you want to see more, because we're on like Last.fm and Steam, if you want to see
everything, just head to our website, www.OrangeLoungeRadio.com and look at the little box in the corner that
says extended play.
And there's all these different links to all the places where we have little communities
and so forth.
Speaking of community, we want to thank the community at AllGames.com, www.AllGames.com.
It's All Games Radio and it's the place where we do tape our show live every Sunday night.
And as I always say on the show, if you don't like what you hear from us, maybe one of the
other shows on the network is more your cup of tea because as mentioned before, I think
Jamie mentioned, everybody she knows is playing Mass Effect 2, but we're all sitting here
going, well, we just really haven't been playing that because I've been too busy playing Bayonetta
and Raiding and Dark Soccer has been too busy playing Star Trek Online and so forth.
But I'm sure there's lots of other shows where they're talking about Mass Effect 2 nonstop.
So if that's more your cup of tea, hey, cool.
But if you do like our show, one last little plug, please visit iTunes, search for Orange
Lounge Radio and leave us a nice little review.
iTunes, by the way, recently changed the podcast page format to kind of match the rest of the
CDs and things in the marketplace.
So if you go visit Orange Lounge Radio, you can see like the most popular shows in our
feed and so forth, although I think it's a little early to really be tracking those type
of statistics, but I thought it was neat.
You can see the little cover arts of the shows that it suggests, like people who listen to
Orange Lounge Radio also like, and it shows all the little cover art.
You know who the number one show is that suggested?
People who also listen to Orange Lounge Radio also like, you know what the number one show
is?
In the list?
Any guesses?
Do tell.
Bobby Black Wolf, our good pal Bobby is the number one suggestion.
Of course he is because, you know, we're on right back to back on all games radio.
I'm sure we're number one on his list too.
All right.
Also getting information from our chat room, www.orangeloungeradio.com, click on chat or
you can go to chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
Tiger Claw says, hey, this just in, Dante's Inferno ad just played during the fourth quarter
because they're watching the Super Bowl right now with the tagline, hell awaits, which if
I remember it, wasn't there some controversy that they weren't going to air that promo
because of the tagline?
They just made them edit it so it wasn't saying go to hell.
I see.
That's right.
It was going to say, go to hell.
Now it's hell awaits.
Who cares?
It doesn't matter.
Little weird.
I did play the demo for that game.
It was, it was neat.
It's kind of God of War-ish, but fun.
Yeah.
So not that, I mean, being God of War is not a bad thing.
All right.
Let's get into some gaming news.
Lots of gaming news this week, surprisingly enough, we're really starting to kind of kick
into the year and all the game news and Loki starting us off with some big news, right?
Yes.
Um, this is, I don't know if it's completely big news.
I mean, kind of, we could have figured this out pretty simple.
Uh, Project Needlemouse, you know, the project that they were working on that was a 2D Sonic
game.
Well, guess what?
It's Sonic 4.
Oh my God.
That's a surprise, except it's not.
Um, what is kind of unique about it is it's going to be available only as an episodic
game and it's available on all the different download services.
We wear PlayStation Network, Xbox Live, um, so it's kind of cool.
And I guess the first episode will be available this summer and, um, hopefully it's good.
I don't know.
I'm just not that excited about it.
That's all.
Is it because maybe there hasn't been like a really, really like OMG squee in my pants
exciting Sonic game?
Because they always say, oh, we're going to do what people wanted us to do.
And then they fuck it up somehow.
You know, it's, I don't know.
Some comments in our chat seem to agree.
Ray Iannami says, can Sega not fuck up Sonic 4?
Dark Sakura, I know you're a big Sonic fan girl.
What was your reaction to the trailer?
Squee?
I'm going to take a cookie.
Yeah, you better eat that last cookie before I do.
But here's, no, no, no, I don't need any more cookies.
But here, um, I have to admit, I, even though the trailer didn't show much, I mean, it just
kind of showed the whole idea of, hey, we're making a new Sonic game in the original Genesis
game canon, which we haven't touched in what, 15 years, I think.
So maybe longer than that.
I don't know.
But it is the updated model.
Right.
And what I thought was interesting is that, you know, the little glimpse of gameplay you
see was a very Sonic 3 corkscrew looking thing that just looked very souped up in 3d.
Like, it's interesting, Mega Man 9 has sort of opened the floodgates to this kind of stuff,
in a way.
I don't know.
Do you think this was inspired by the success of Mega Man 9, or do you think Sega's just
finally getting the hint?
People just want the old shit with a new coat of paint, or what?
Well, I've noticed, and this is almost with any type of genre, be it art, music, whatever,
a lot of times you get this going towards the bigger the better, the whole, you know,
brand new, shiny, 3d, whatever, digital.
But there comes a phase in everything that you go back to the old way of doing.
You know, you want the classic look, you want the classic play.
You know, else we wouldn't have, you know, Sonic 4, we wouldn't have the new Mega Man
games.
I mean, shoot, even art's done the same thing, like right after the Victorian age, you know,
we kind of around the same time there were people that were going back to the old handmade
way of doing things.
So I think it's just culture.
It's going to happen.
It was bound to happen.
History repeats itself kind of thing?
Exactly.
Interesting.
Some comments in chat.
Hitstun says, well, Sega did a great job with Outrun 2.
There is hope.
I'm not sure if we're thinking of the same game here, but there was an Outrun game.
I don't think it was Outrun 2.
There was an Outrun game on Xbox Live and PlayStation Network.
Yeah, Outrun 2000, that was it.
Not that long ago.
And that was kind of cool.
Like for a, it wasn't like, OMG, best game ever.
But for it, like a little arcade racing game that kind of invoked the old style of Outrun,
I enjoyed it.
I think I did buy the full version and played it a little bit.
It was fun.
It had magical sound shower.
And that's the important thing.
It sure did.
It was.
It was magical sound shower.
Uh, let's see.
And some other comments in chat room.
Uh, Frisbee says, I think this is Sega's final try.
Interesting comment.
Do you think that if this doesn't live up to the hype that Sonic's done, it's, it's
a done franchise?
Bury it?
I think Sonic isn't going to die.
No, I don't think Sonic could die either.
Something to think about, even if Sonic 4 tanks, which I highly doubt it will, I think
they're doing the right thing and invoking the past here.
Even if, for whatever crazy ass reason Sonic 4 tanks, let's not forget, Mario and Sonic
at the Winter Olympics and the Summer Olympics and all that stuff was huge on the Nintendo
Wii.
So Sonic as a character, I think still has a lot of kind of clout, if you will.
It's just that oddly enough, if Sonic 4 were to tank, which again, I don't think it will,
uh, Sonic would mainly exist in Nintendo franchises.
Isn't that weird?
Little.
Like it blows my mind, you know, and I was gaming back in the day, you know, as all of
his hosts were back in, you know, 90 and 91 when all these systems was Mario versus Sonic
and so forth.
It'd just be interesting if Sonic 4 were to tank, I think Sonic would just kind of have
to become a Nintendo character in all their games.
That'd pretty much be how it would exist, but I don't think it will tank.
What about the episodic nature of the game?
Do you think the episodic nature is a little weird or do you think that's just where games
are going these days?
I think it's just the way things are going.
It's gonna suck for them because now, since they're not putting out a full retail version,
I'm assuming it's gonna be cheaper and if people really hate the game, they're not out
as much money.
Which is good for the consumer, bad for Sega.
Do you think maybe they're just doing this so that by the time they put out episode 1,
episode 2, episode 3, they make about as much money as they would have if they just put
the game out on DVD, Blu-ray?
Pretty much, but that's assuming if everybody buys all the, you know, parts to it.
I guess that's a good point.
Alright, chat.orangehonestrader.com if you want to comment on this.
Was there anything else for this story, Loki, you wanted to add?
Yeah, I was also gonna say that one other platform that it's supposed to be coming out
on is the iPhone and that's kind of typical with anything nowadays.
Of course, I'm gonna assume since it's on the iPhone, it's gonna control like shit.
That's just my guess.
That is a little weird that it's coming to the iPhone because, you know, I'm not a big
fan of all these games getting adapted to the iPhone because the touch thing is a little
weird.
But, I don't know.
Some comments, more comments from our chat room, chat.orangehonestrader.com.
Tigerclaw says, the fact that the game is episodic probably means you will have your
epic boss battle against Doc Robotnik.
Wasn't that a given?
You have every stage, you always have to have your Doc Robotnik battle at the end?
That's every stage, right?
Oh, Tigerclaw says, actually, he's correcting that you will not have your epic boss battle
against Doc Robotnik.
So maybe that like you have like mini-bosses.
I don't know how that would work.
SSJ100Matt says, it should have Michael Jackson music in it.
Well, I don't know if that's gonna be very possible at this point unless they were working
in secret, you know, more than a year ago, but I somehow doubt that is the case.
Well, I think all of us in studio kind of agree though we will pick up Sonic 4, at least
check it out.
I know I will, because I do love the old Sonic games and I'm all about checking out the new
one.
I'm sure, I know Jamie's gonna buy it, I don't even have to ask her.
Matt, will you buy it?
Nope.
One hold out.
Why not, dare I ask?
Because I haven't bought any of the Sonic games, I just don't care.
All right.
It's not really a game that I really got into.
Well, maybe Loki will care about this, I know I sure did because I let out the biggest fangirl
scream when I saw this, like seriously, I'm not even joking, when I saw this last week.
Talk about out of right field, okay, this came out of nowhere.
Sunsoft, remember they reformed, not that long ago, announced that Blaster Master Overdrive
is on its way out.
That's right, a remade new version of Blaster Master, although I do not believe this is
like a remake.
It is actually a sequel of the NES classic, we're just kind of forgetting that, you know,
Blaster Master 2 on Genesis and the Game Boy one never happened, but this is the sequel
to Blaster Master will be coming out on WiiWare for 1000 Wii points.
Here's what I think is the biggest twist out of this whole thing.
They said, oh yeah, and the game, it's coming out Monday, as in tomorrow.
As in, we've kept this a secret for however long we've been working on this and hey, now
it's out now, you can buy it.
And there's even a little trailer out there that shows some of the gameplay, I'm playing
a little bit of it in studio because awesome enough, it has a remixed version of the theme.
I don't like the remixed version of the theme, it kind of like fucks it up.
You know what, nothing is ever going to be as good as the original, that's really what
it is.
I don't like this one at all.
But this is not bad, it could have been a lot worse.
But you could definitely see it 16 by 9, the overhead stages look a lot different.
I don't know, this game just kind of has more of a Metroid look to it, which I'm all over
that.
That's pretty sweet.
Yeah, it's like some of these overhead levels have like ice themes and kind of like more
cavern themes, whereas I don't remember that being the case in the first one.
So yeah, Blaster Master Overdrive out Monday and yeah, you should have been there when
I read this.
I was just like, oh my god, oh my god.
I started flailing all about, it's pretty cool.
So yeah, 1000 Wii points and that comes out on Monday.
I'm assuming Loki's not going to be buying that, but I will.
Probably not.
Dark Sakura?
Yeah, maybe, they'll probably be up Dan Valley.
Now Loki, which would you rather play, Sonic 4 or Blaster Master Overdrive?
Blaster Master.
Oh, okay.
I had to ask, I had to.
Dark Sakura, what do you got?
Well it was bound to happen, I think that it was expected, you know, maybe sooner rather
than now, but Xbox Live is going to be canceling out support for the original console and that's
going into effect on April 15th.
And it's also not just the console, but for games that are compatible with both the 360
and the old Xbox.
So they're basically saying that because more people now are really on the Xbox 360, that
that's what they want to focus their power on and cut the support so they can focus more
fully on the newer system.
In other words, buy Halo 2, because that's, yeah, that's really the Xbox game everybody's
still playing.
I mean, yeah, I guess there's some others, maybe Counter Strike and a few others here
and there, but it's really all about the Halo 2.
Yeah, they were saying that Halo 2 was the top usage.
I think Halo 2's been the top game on Xbox, original Xbox of course, ever since the game
came out.
And you know, there's a lot of people that feel that Halo 3 did not really, and I would
say I'm one of them, didn't really live up to Halo 2 in some ways.
Well they're saying also that the other big thing is that the changes that they want to
make to the service are, as I say, incompatible with the original games, with the old games.
And I think a lot of people are already aware of this, but just in case you hadn't heard,
one of those big hindrances is that, you know, a lot of people asking, when can we have more
than a hundred people on our friends list?
We want to increase the number of people on the friends list.
And the reason why they can't do it is because of original Xbox.
It's basically hardwired into games like Halo 2 and so forth that Xbox Live only has a hundred
slots on it, basically.
So that's one of the big things that getting rid of the original Xbox games and shutting
down Halo 2 and so forth will free up.
And I would say by the end of the year, probably whenever the patch comes out for Natal, your
friends list is going to get a big bump and you'll be able to have 250, 500, maybe even
unlimited friends.
I don't know.
And I'm sure there are some other technical components that we're just not aware of because
we haven't thought of them yet, but there's some other things that they have to shut off
these games for.
But on the flip side, there's a lot of, as you can understand, ticked off people still
playing the original Xbox, still playing Halo 2, haven't upgraded to Xbox 360 yet that are
very sad about this news.
What do you guys think?
Too bad, so sad?
It's time to give it up and put it away?
Or do they make a case?
Maybe Microsoft needs to find a way to still support this.
Who cares?
I mean, seriously, how many people are still playing the original Xbox, upgrade, get a
new system?
I mean, it's bound to happen that they're going to shut off servers.
I mean, just because you're paying for it now, okay, great, you know, that you're paying
for it month to month, well, now you're not.
So I don't know.
I don't really feel sad about these people.
I do find it strange, okay, the original Xbox games couldn't be patched or whatever, I get
that, but I do find it strange that Microsoft won't find a way to still let Halo 2 be playable
on the 360.
You know what I mean?
Like via a patch or via, you know, because Halo 2 is an on-demand game, it's a download
game, so that you could fix it, so that you could still play it on Xbox 360 at least.
You know, fix whatever is the problem with the friends list and play it that way.
You would think they would do that, but they're not.
Tigerclaw does bring up a good point, though, in our chat room, chat.orangeontrated.com.
People can still play Halo 2 multiplayer if they get the PC version.
So, you know, Halo 2 is not forgotten for everybody.
Let's see, Hitstun in our chat says, if you have an original Xbox and it's not modded,
it's time to mod it.
And that also makes me think of the fact that, you know, you could also go the way of the
original Halo, and if you really want to play your Halo 2 or your Halo, it's time to break
out the LAN party.
You know, we still do that sometimes.
Yeah?
Yeah, we would have, like, the TVs all over the house, and the, actually, I'll tell you
what's funny, Dan's bachelor party was really a bunch of people over playing, you know,
all the systems on LAN, so.
GameGuru in chat is correcting me that Halo 2 isn't a game on demand.
My bad, I assumed that it was.
I guess Halo 1 is, but not Halo 2.
My bad.
Well, okay, but let me just say to that then, okay, make it a game on demand, and make it
so that it works.
It seems a little strange to me, but I guess maybe they want people to go PC.
I don't know.
XLink in our chat room says, EA does it all the time.
That's true.
EA shuts down servers for old games, and we kind of go, well, they're old, there's new
versions of the game out, and sure enough, there is Halo 3 and Halo ODST out at this
point.
I did like what Sega did when they closed the PSO servers, is that for the people that
were running private servers, they actually gave them a way to transfer characters and
things.
And I would think that if, you know, people are actually still playing that, then there
should be some other way to host your own server for it or something, you know, and
have that be like an external.
For some reason, I don't see Microsoft supporting that out of the companies.
Like, I could see why Sega would do that, but I could see why Microsoft would not, if
that makes sense.
And SHA100Matt in our chat room says, in the end, nothing lasts forever.
And I guess that's another point as well, is that, hey, you know, that game, you got
a good six or seven year run out of it, right?
No, no, wait, I'm saying too much.
That's how long Xbox Live has been around.
Halo 2 has probably been going, what, about four or five years?
About.
It came out while we were doing this show.
Oh, five is when it came out.
I played Halo 1 for the first time, and we were on the air, so it has been around for
five years now.
Five years.
That's a pretty good run.
Game Guru in chat says Microsoft will more than likely make Halo 2 an Xbox Live Arcade
title if anything.
I could see that.
I could see that.
That'd be kind of cool.
That would be kind of cool, actually.
That might actually bring me back to Halo 2.
I don't know.
Especially with some super graphics and so forth, but, oh well.
I think, again in chat, you said it good, nothing lasts forever, and some day they're
going to shut down the servers for all the games we're playing today.
Probably in five years when we've moved on to the Xbox 720s and so forth.
I just wanted to tell a quick story real quick before we get into the next story, though,
and I think I've told this on the show before, in fact I know I have, but when Dark Soccer
brought up the LAN party and the things her husband did, I have to talk about the first
time I ever went to Dark Soccer's house.
Not this house, but the house she used to live in.
The two story apartment?
In the ghetto.
Or the hood house?
In the ghetto.
Oh, with the big vaulted ceiling and the bad carpet?
Yes.
Yeah.
And it was the first time I believe I ever met your husband and George and some of the
friends that your husband hangs out with.
I walked in the house.
There's TVs all over the house, like a TV on the kitchen table, a TV in the living room.
The nest party.
A TV everywhere.
And they all had Nintendos hooked up and I was like, what the hell is going on here?
And Jamie's like, they're having a LAN party, a local area Nintendo party.
All these TVs had Nintendo systems hooked up and they were playing the Legend of Zelda.
And I guess they were having a contest to see who could beat the Legend of Zelda first.
And some people were like already on the seventh dungeon, like I think your husband was really
far ahead.
I think Dan actually won that one.
I'm sure he did.
And some people were still struggling.
They were on like dungeon three and some people were in the overworld, so I couldn't really
tell where they were at, but I just remember thinking that is the fucking coolest thing
I've ever seen.
Like I was like, Jamie and I are going to get along just fine because this had to be
about a year before we started OLR.
I mean, it was, it was a while before OLR, but I was just remember thinking, wow, this
is all kinds of awesome.
I kind of miss that house except don't miss where it was.
Yeah.
So anyway, I just wanted to tell that story if you never heard it before here on the show
because I always think that's hilarious.
And I would, I would love nothing more than to see another LAN party happen somewhere
somehow.
I think that would be a lot of fun.
So if there's ever, if Dan ever decides he's doing another Nintendo party, I want in.
I have to bring my FC mobile because keep in mind that we probably got three other NESs
and you have, you have an NES.
Well that's right.
I do have the NES.
I do have that, but I don't have a Zelda cart, but we can get one.
Like I've got like three of them hanging around somewhere.
One of the batteries I think finally died in one of them, but we've also got Zelda two.
Those batteries were only guaranteed to last like five years, but most of them have lasted
like 20.
Yeah.
Pretty crazy.
All right.
Anyhow.
Sorry guys.
Got a little tangent, but that happens here on this show sometimes.
Uh, Loki, bring us back with some more gaming news.
Yes.
Um, so you know, Facebook's been getting a lot of games recently and a lot of them been
pretty basic and they're starting to get some better stuff like new with new civilization
game and whatnot, but now they're actually getting a first person shooter game.
This game's called Brave Arms and actually looks kind of cool.
Kind of like a, I don't know if like the quake online stuff like quake zero or whatever,
but um, it's pretty cool.
It's from three G studios and um, apparently it's set to come out in March and it's kind
of similar to like a doom quake halo call of duty and that's what they should just call
the game doom quake halo call of duty.
Yeah.
Nice.
So see, when I first read about this, you know what kind of made me laugh as I imagined
because most of the games that you play on Facebook, like the Farmville's and the Yo
Ville's and the, I don't know, whatever else, but jewel blitz even, you kind of play against
other people and other people's avatars and other people's default user pictures and so
forth.
Like the image I got in my mind when I first heard this story is that I could actually
shoot my friends like their little face pictures on like bodies.
Wouldn't that be funny?
That would be funny.
That would be hilarious.
But that's probably not what this is.
Is it?
No, it's more traditional.
Somebody should make that game on Facebook.
Patent pending, patent pending, Loki, would you play a game like that for free?
I think I, I check it out at least.
I played, um, quake, um, I can't remember that quake live.
I played that for a little bit when it first came out.
I thought it was cool cause it was based off quake three, which was like the best fricking
quake they ever did.
In fact, somebody in chat agrees with me.
Uh, let's see.
Who is it?
Ah, yes.
Zen thralls.
Zen says quake three arena.
Best land party game ever.
Period.
I was, it was one of the best, uh, over the internet games too.
Oh, it was a lot of fun to play.
I had a good time with that one.
We'll see how this Facebook game goes, but I'm telling you guys this.
This is the direction gaming's moving.
Facebook as a platform for, for gaming.
Pretty soon you're going to be talking Xbox 360, Wii, PS3, PC, and Facebook gaming.
Oh, and iPhones.
You got to throw that in there too.
Facebook is like a serious platform for gaming.
Believe it or not.
Uh, one thing to take very seriously as a lot of people do is world of Warcraft and
some people take the auction house dealings very seriously.
In fact, some people kind of play the economy.
It's like the game.
Like I don't really, I don't really get into the whole auction house dealings, so I'm not
sure exactly what they do, but I guess it's kind of like the stock stock market.
You buy items that are plentiful and then when they're not available, you sell them
at a high profit is basically what it is.
Well, people that play world of Warcraft for the auctions and for the markets are in for
a big surprise because guess what?
Apparently Blizzard has announced this week that soon you are going to be able to manage
your auctions from world of Warcraft using the armory application on the iPhone or iPod
touch.
We don't know much about exactly how this will work yet.
You know, we don't know the specifics.
Like can you access your in game mail too?
Because that's the only way you get the money from your auctions or you know, how would
you post something if you can't access your character's bags or what have you.
We don't know the answer to all the specifics yet.
We just know that Blizzard is throwing out that idea of you could play the economical
game of world of Warcraft on the go.
Interesting.
But of course, one thing they are saying with this as well is that it will cost money.
It's going to be a premium based service.
They've said premium based, which you know that means cost money.
Don't know if that'll be a monthly thing that you add on for your character or what I would
assume would be the option would be you charge for the app on the iPhone.
If you're going to be releasing this on the iPhone, you're going to charge $9.99 for the
app or something like that.
That's how they will make their money.
Dark Sakura, I know you're not a big WoW player anymore, but let's say they had an equivalent
in Star Trek online, or let's imagine you did still play WoW.
Do you think this is the kind of thing you'd be interested in?
As long as it's free.
But it's not.
So you wouldn't pay a premium for it?
No, I wouldn't.
Why do you think someone would-
Then again, this is the person who just bought, you know, a thousand cryptic points.
Why do you think someone would be into this?
Why do you think someone would say, hey, because I'm looking at this going, you know, as awesome
as this feature sounds, and depending on the cost, I might just, like if it is just like
five bucks for the app, I might just buy it to check it out.
I don't see myself really using it.
Like it's kind of weird to be using that on the phone.
I was trying to look at the page for, you know, what the interface and everything.
Well, they don't have that yet.
It's all they've said now is an announcement.
I used the armory itself, but I don't know.
I'm not that obsessed about the games I play.
I mean, really, it's something for addicts.
Loki, I know you're not a big MMO player anymore, but let's assume this was five years ago and
this is a Final Fantasy XI Auction House app.
What do you think?
Well, it's an app for an iPhone or something like that, right?
Well, yeah, but let's say it was something you could access on the web too or something.
I don't know.
No.
No?
Not for you?
Not for me.
That's why I go into game.
Good point.
I have to admit, although I might be willing to just kind of check it out if, you know,
just for the sake of checking it out, I don't know if I'd want to pay a monthly fee just
to manage my auctions.
I mean, that's kind of what.
And the other thing that kind of worries me, this is like my one little weird worry and
I don't know, maybe the chatters can tell me if I'm being irrational with this, but
I kind of always thought this was how a lot of the gold farmers made their money.
So by kind of allowing folks to do this without being actually in the game, could you possibly
be encouraging the gold farming community and the people that are hacking and stealing
accounts?
Is that an irrational line of thought or do I have a legitimate concern there?
I don't know.
You tell me.
Chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
We'll get to some of that feedback in just a moment, but we'll move on with the news
for now.
Now, you remember when we were talking about Akira Yamaoka leaving Konami?
Well, we know where he ended up, is with Grasshopper Manufacture and is supposed to be doing music
for an upcoming horror game that they're doing that's produced by Shinji Mikami.
So maybe it's going to be going back to more of a game that has the feel of the older Silent
Hill, you know, not necessarily the kind of Americanized ones now, you know what I mean?
But just if it puts anything in perspective, Grasshopper did Fatal Frame 4 and No More
Heroes 2.
Do you know that they have the translation project for Fatal Frame 4?
Yeah, it's really good.
Yeah, I think we covered that a few weeks ago, probably about a month ago on the show.
Yeah, I remember that.
So I think that's pretty cool.
If that's the kind of game he's going to work on, then perhaps it's a worthy thing that
he's jumped ship.
I don't know where I read this, and it's probably just one of those fan wank rumors, I don't
know, but I had heard that EA was courting Akira Yamaoka.
Well, EA is producing the game that Grasshopper's working on.
I see.
Maybe that's, maybe it was kind of jumping to conclusions type of thing.
Possibly.
That could be.
Probably to Akira Yamaoka getting to do whatever Silent Hilly horror game I'm sure EA would
be more than happy to publish.
Oh, I wouldn't doubt that at all.
Yeah.
Interesting.
I mean, that man is pretty much Silent Hill.
Going back to the chat room, chat.orangelandradiocomm and some of the comments from the auction
app for WoW, SSJ100 Matt in our chat room says, I bet there will be an auction house
app for Final Fantasy XIV.
You know, it will be interesting to see how Squeenix kind of embraces all this stuff that
WoW is doing.
They, they, I noticed for Eleven, especially towards the end, they tried to do some very
minor armory-ish stuff, like you could access link shell lists in game and basic character
information on the web, but the armory is really robust now, like you can even get like
pictures of your characters in the armory, like as they appear in game, like it renders
them.
Oh yeah, I thought it was cool.
And you can pose them in different poses, so when other people look at it, they'll see
it, which I think is kind of cool.
Like I have one of my characters blowing a kiss.
It's really cheesy.
Let's see, other comments from chat room, xlink says, I'm not buying it.
And it also says that he thought of the same thing that I was mentioning with the gold
farmers and that's why he's not using it.
Also was a quick shout out there from hitstun, does Dissida have any Final Fantasy XI characters?
SSJ100 Matt clarifying, yes, there's a quick cameo of a Final Fantasy XI character.
Final Fantasy XI is tricky to do because there was no standard hero.
You were the hero and you could look a variety of different ways, you know, because you could
customize your character.
Although everyone had the same outfit over and over and over and over.
For real.
I mean the customization was very limited.
I did like, so seeing the male characters walking around in their leather mantis.
Yes, yes, there was always the, what were they called?
The bronze, or whatever, yeah, it looked like mantis, basically, who was running around
and it was really funny.
With a harness.
Yes.
Let's, let's, but some of like maybe the boss characters and some of the NPCs that you interact
with I could see being in the game.
I think that's what they were talking about.
I'm sure it is too.
As SSJ100 Matt clarifies, it's a Taru Taru, which...
It's one of the characters that's in the game.
Doesn't surprise me at all because Taru Taru is what everybody remembers.
And even in Final Fantasy XIV, they're going to have Taru Tarus, but they're not calling
them Taru Tarus, which is so weird to me, but...
It is absolutely retarded.
Whatever, hey, hey, whatever, as long as the game is good, I don't care.
Call them Sexy Chocolate for all I care.
Sexy Chocolate?
That's awesome.
I'm going to roll a Sexy Chocolate White Mage.
Where did I even get that?
I don't know.
Alright.
I have no idea.
You know what's funny?
You made me think about wrestling for the first time in a long time.
By talking about Sexy Chocolate White Mage?
There was a guy on there whose character's nickname was Sexual Chocolate.
That should be the name of a video game band.
Sexy Chocolate White Mage.
I don't know how that works, but...
Oh god, we need to do some release dates.
Goober!
Quick, please change the topic.
Help.
Okay.
Well, this isn't anything to do with Sexy Chocolate, but I guess since next week is
Valentine's week, and I guess it could be Sexy Chocolate, if you're into that kind of
thing for Dante's Inferno, because nothing says Sexy Chocolate like tortured souls and
hell, of course that'll be out on Playstation 3 as the Divine Edition, because it's divinely
packed with extras, and the regular edition on Xbox 360.
And then of course, also that week there will be Star Ocean Last Hope International Edition,
which is on Playstation 3, basically the port of the game that came out on Xbox 360 last
year.
Family Party 30 Great Games Winter Fun, yet another party game compilation for the Wii.
World Cup of Pool coming to the DS.
Sheeran the Wanderer coming to the Wii, which looks pretty awesome.
That's from Atlus.
And of course, the big one for the week, BioShock 2, making its way out on PC, Playstation 3,
and Xbox 360.
Or if you're a teenage girl, perhaps Seen at Twilight is the big game for you this week.
That will be out on the DS.
And if you want none of those, or just own a Wii, then perhaps Super Monkey Ball Step
and Roll will be your type of game.
And that's coming out just on the Wii.
Low-key, you know how much it would amuse me, especially for the YouTube channel, if
we were to follow you with a camera, to one of those midnight releases for Dante's Inferno
or BioShock 2, because they're both coming out at the same time, right?
And then you walk up to the counter and ask for Seen at Twilight.
I would love that.
Except I wouldn't want to do that.
By the way, the reason why that's called the Divine Edition is because the Inferno was
part of the Divine Comedy by Dante Alighieri, so that's why it's called the Divine Version.
Which, I've read that in fifth grade.
I thought it was called the Divine Edition because it's like, you know, Sony's way of
saying, hey look, we have something exclusive!
Ah!
We may have lost Final Fantasy 13, and, you know, Residence of Fate, and all the other
games have come out, but hey, we've still got the Divine Edition!
You're not going to be able to get that download content until later.
They're just trying to be all literary and cultured and shit.
I thought they called it the Divine Edition because the Sexy Chocolate Edition just got
rejected, is what it was.
Fail.
Alright.
Hey!
Some other release dates for Japan.
Game coming out on the Xbox 360 this week.
Sacred 2 Fallen Angel makes its way to Japan this week, and I'm trying to see what kind
of game this is.
This is a...
It's a role-playing game.
Well, okay, I can see that, but I'm trying to figure out what more about this.
Is this like a Final Fantasy-ish kind of game?
The graphics look interesting, kind of like in a desert.
It came out here last year.
It sucked.
Alright.
Oh, there's like a not-chocobo in the game there that you can ride.
They don't localize this for the US, though, right?
It's a boca-cho!
Yeah!
One of the reviews, though, I'm reading online, this game is massive.
There's tons of quests, and the level cap is 200.
Who knows, though?
That was probably written by the publisher.
If you don't want to play that on the Xbox 360, you could check it out on PlayStation
3, because it's coming out there, too, as well as a game called Winter Sports 2010 The
Great Tournament.
I'm assuming that's like coming from a company who didn't get the Olympic license, but wants
to cash in on it anyway.
So there you go.
If you want, you could check out on the Nintendo Wii, Madworld makes its way for Japan this
week.
That is a Japanese localized release on the Nintendo Wii this week, coming from Sega.
And unfortunately, a lot of folks passed here, but maybe if it does very well in Japan, there'll
still be a sequel.
So you might want to consider picking that up.
On the Nintendo DS this week, Mina no Conveni comes out this week, and it is a strategy-based
game, but when I say that, it looks like a little girl going cooking.
It's not cooking mama, but kind of like cafeteria managing, maybe kind of a version of Diner
Dash, I don't know.
Kind of what it strikes me as from the pictures I see there.
Quickly taking a look at the PSP, Shin Sangoku Musou Multirade gets a price reduction.
That game is already out, but it's getting a little price cut this week.
It's Dynasty Warriors Strike Force.
That's what you might know the game better as.
Those are your Japanese release dates.
Dark Sakura, what's going on overseas in the UK the other way?
Well for the UK, we've got a few goodies.
We have Bioshock 2 on the 9th, and on the 10th, Darwinia.
And the 12th is Bleach the Third Phantom, Half Minute Hero, Phantasy Star Zero, Star
Ocean, The Last Hope, and Super Monkey Ball Step and Roll.
Alrighty, cool.
So this is kind of interesting.
Apparently there is a developer resume that's hinting at an Xbox 360 version of Final Fantasy
14.
And apparently also this was being removed a few hours later, and apparently this profile
that was on a website linked in for designer Yuki Akama referenced work on Final Fantasy
14 for PC, PlayStation 3, and Xbox 360.
Of course, only the PC and PS3 platforms have been officially confirmed to be coming out.
And not only that, but Sony took great pride in last year's E3 at saying, you can only
play this on the PlayStation 3.
And leading many folks to question if the Xbox Live hurdle proved to be too much for
Squeenix to deal with, although I'm sure Microsoft doesn't want to lose that.
I'm sure we'll hear whether it's coming out on the 360 or not.
Earlier this week I thought it was.
Now you ever use the website linked in, Matt?
No.
It's kind of like a professional Facebook, I think is the best way I can describe it.
I have a profile on there, and basically it's kind of like a place where you can post your
resume and do job searches, but it's supposed to be a way to professionally connect with
your coworkers and people they know and so forth.
It's more of like a professional linked in, and there are quite a few of the gaming community
uses that.
I've connected with quite a few other podcast hosts and so forth on linked in.
I'm sure it will come out on 360, it only makes sense.
More people that they can get on the service, the better it is for them, so I don't see
why they wouldn't.
It just seems weird to me that Sony was so excited about it, and then just to lose this
again, you know, because this would be twice in a row with the whole Final Fantasy 13 thing
going to Xbox.
That's going to be a blow to the ego.
We'll see.
Like I said, earlier this week there were reasons for me to believe that there might
be a 360 version, but then those were soonly changed just by what I think, I don't know,
my own opinion, if I could be vaguer than that.
I think a version on the 360 could be eventually, but it would seem like that might come out
later.
And here's the other thing, Squeenix doesn't seem to think that Final Fantasy will do well
on 360 in Japan.
Keep in mind, Final Fantasy 13, not happening on the 360 in Japan, or hasn't happened yet
because the game's already out there.
Maybe the same type of thing is happening where they're going to release Final Fantasy
14 on the 360 here in America and only here in maybe Europe too.
But maybe they don't want to hold up the debut of the game to make the 360 version.
Does that make sense?
Because they're going to do a worldwide launch this time.
You know, 11 took like a year to get localized over here, but maybe Final Fantasy 14, they're
going to throw it out there all at once.
Japan, US, and Europe.
Everybody gets it at once, and there'll be a 360 version someday.
Would it be hilarious if it became a 360 exclusive?
No way.
No way.
It would be hilarious though.
Just considering how, you know, Final Fantasy 11 was really created as a PS2 game.
It was really made for the PlayStation 2.
I know a lot of us here in the States played it on the PC, but part of the reason that
game was so limited and finally outgrew itself and couldn't expand the way that WoW has continued
to expand is because it's limited to the PS2.
And that's why Final Fantasy 11 is kind of, they're not going to really support that as
much anymore.
I'm sure it will always be alive.
There will always be people playing Final Fantasy 11, but it's going to downsize big
time when 14 comes out.
And we'll see what happens.
All right.
One other story for you guys here, and then we're going to get to the classic game of
the week.
And this has to do with some rumors, and this is a big fat rumor.
And this is also one of the rumors, I don't know, it seems kind of useless to talk about
this on the show, but I thought I'd throw it out there because it is circulating around
some blogs.
But apparently there is a rumor going around that a quote, new Nintendo platform is going
to be announced at the game developers conference.
And that's in a story that was run by the website video gamer.com from an industry source,
an employee at a major international publisher, obviously anonymous, as you can imagine, quote,
just heard a rumor that you may be interested in Nintendo are going to announce a new platform
at GDC.
Some devs have already started work on it.
So we don't know if that could be a redone handheld.
I mean, I think we've already heard rumblings of a DS2, even though there's the Excel
still has yet to come out here in the US, we've heard rumblings of a DS2.
Some fanboys are hoping it's finally the Wii HD already.
Who knows what it could be?
Could it maybe be an enhancement to the existing Wii?
Like I don't want to joke the vitality sensor, but something in that vein?
Probably nothing like that.
I don't know if they would do another Wii.
I mean, because it's selling like hotcakes right now.
What would be the point, you know, in trying to put some now I'd see maybe another handheld
system because maybe that's starting to slow down a little bit, but I doubt they would
be doing a Wii.
They're going to build one that you implant into your brain so you can just play until
you have seizures.
Unless they're trying to stay ahead, they're worried that maybe once these other motion
controllers come out for Microsoft and PlayStation 3 and Sony, that you're going to have kind
of an even playing field and then they're going to just fail based on the quality of
their product because now you're going to have these really pretty looking games that
control just like they do on the Wii and people are going to be more apt to maybe buying those,
which I don't think that's true, but maybe they're just trying to stay one step ahead.
So I don't know, either way, I'm not too excited about it.
In our chatroom at chat.orangelandraday.com, MaginamiCon, I hope I said that right, says
what?
A phone?
The end phone?
Could that happen?
I somehow doubt that, but that would be an interesting idea, sure.
Interesting too, I kind of want to say if this is true, I don't think it's true.
I think some things might happen behind closed doors at Game Developers Conference, but I
don't think you're going to see the major announcement until E3.
Game Developers Conference is not a media show.
It doesn't strike me as the place to announce a new platform.
The place to announce maybe a revision, I could see like a DSi XL or something there
even though it's already out in Japan, but you know what I mean, like a slightly altered
version.
An enhancement or a new tool.
Like I could see more Natal information coming out of GDC and some of the things that enhance
gaming, but I don't see a full-on new platform being announced at Game Developers Conference.
It's not a media show.
It's for game developers.
It's in the title.
I know people think it's a media show and it's turning into one, but it's not supposed
to be.
It's really, really not, and I think a lot of people resent that it is.
So I think if Nintendo is going to make an announcement, which I think it is the DS,
I think the DS is going to get the revamp, you're going to see it at E3, not a Game Developers
Conference.
And yes, I know it is weird that I'm talking the DS revamp when we don't even have the
XL here in the west, but I think Nintendo kind of knows that they could still put out
the XL in limited quantities and it would sell if it was cheaper.
It would still sell to the seven and eight year olds and the mothers that like to play
Pokemon and whatever, the soccer moms, and whatever new DS system that will be $50 more
expensive, maybe even $100 more expensive, will cater to the hardcore gamer who wants
their Mario and Zelda games ASAP.
Right?
I don't know.
Does that seem far-fetched to you guys?
No.
No.
All right.
Let's see.
I'm sorry.
I can't be too contrary about that.
And some other comments in chat here, talking about MotionPlus, there's a couple of people
bringing up MotionPlus.
Was MotionPlus a flop?
I don't know.
That's a good question.
Was MotionPlus a flop?
What do you think, Loki, from your perspective in sales?
Just that people, as far as rental stores and stuff go, they don't want to bring in
games that have MotionPlus because they're afraid that people don't have it.
It's kind of like the whole Guitar Hero thing.
People don't want to bring it in because they're afraid that, oh, it requires this.
It's not something that most people have.
Is it a flop?
I don't know if people are really all excited that, oh God, this game has MotionPlus now.
It's going to be better.
I don't really think it means anything yet.
I mean, there's only been a few games that have actually used it, and I'm sure they're
pretty good.
It's just, it's not like game-changing or anything.
Interesting comment from Blue Swim in our chat room.
Interesting creative idea.
Black Wii with groundbreaking DVD support.
I don't know.
I don't think anyone's going to care.
I mean, most people are moving on to Blu-ray and stuff, and everything's a DVD player
nowadays.
Yeah, I think that's a creative outside-the-box answer for the topic at hand, but I just lean
towards no.
And I mean, seriously.
I think Loki's right.
Everything's a DVD player.
DVD players are like 40 bucks, probably less than that.
Wii's going to have Netflix.
Yeah.
It doesn't need a DVD player.
It's a creative answer, but maybe a Wii revision was something else, but again, it's going
to go the way of MotionPlus.
The biggest problem with MotionPlus, it wasn't included with the console to begin with, so
people are afraid not everyone has it.
It's very hard to launch a peripheral.
That's what Natal's uphill battle's going to be.
That's why you read these articles and these rumors about the 360 is going to relaunch.
It's not a new console per se, but they have to treat Natal like a relaunch of the damn
system.
There's ways they can really push the envelope with the Wii and make it very interesting,
like using the whole head tracking and stuff like that, but they're just not doing it.
They're not thinking outside the box.
They don't need these extra add-ons like the Wii Vitality sensor, which is absolute shit.
It's just going to be horrible.
No one's going to buy it.
It's just like the stupid pedometers for the DS.
Yeah, there's going to be a few people like, oh good, I can exercise now.
Yes, because you couldn't before.
I don't understand why they need the add-on.
The only thing I can think of is better graphics, maybe soup up the actual processor inside
there.
You know, because if they're hitting the limits of what they can do on that system, maybe
that would help.
But you know, like say the DSi for the Wii or something like that.
But I'm afraid that whatever they do decide to put out is just going to be very gimmicky
and stupid and it just gives them an excuse to put out another Mario game, another Metroid
game, another Zelda game.
And look, oh look, it's new, but it's not.
I don't know.
All right.
Well, we're going to get into the classic game of the week here in just a moment and
wrap up part A of our show, but I do want to say hello to all the folks who are tuning
in live tonight.
I guess the Super Bowl is over and so now we have some folks kind of coming back to
us now that the football game is over.
So welcome guys.
Glad you could tune in tonight.
I'm just going to recap quickly the things we have talked about tonight.
Sorry to the podcast listeners, the folks that listen to us, it's the top of the show,
but I want everyone to know what we've already covered.
Sonic the Four episode one was already announced this week, was Project Needlemouse's other
game.
Blaster Master Overdrive has surprised us.
It's going to be out on Monday.
Xbox and Microsoft is ditching live support for the original Xbox.
So Halo 2 fans are pissed, but the rest of us will gain a friends list of more than a
hundred friends.
Facebook is getting a new first person shooter game called Brave Arms.
Facebook is a gaming platform, you betcha.
Blizzard has been announcing teasing the idea of a premium auction house application for
World of Warcraft so you can manage your auctions offline.
Akira Yomoka has found a new home, he left Konami a couple months ago and now he's at
Grasshopper working with the folks that did No More Heroes.
We covered release dates, Final Fantasy XIV, a developer's LinkedIn profile has clued us
into the fact that it could be under development for the 360, but we seem to come to a consensus
that if it is under development for the 360, it probably won't come out at the same time.
And then we just wrapped up talking about a story where Nintendo, big, big rumor could
be unveiling a new platform at GDC, but we all seem to think that that is not true.
That it's probably some type of just kind of enhancement or new peripheral or some other,
you know, slight little addition because Game Developers Conference is not a media show.
It's just not.
All right.
Now we're going to get into the classic video game of the week.
It's a chance for us to take a trip down memory lane and go down gaming's history, and Dark
Sakura jumps into the vault and says, hey, ew, it's sticky.
And here's a video game that you all should be playing.
Dark Sakura, what is the classic video game of the week this week?
I was going to do this the other week and I decided that I was going to do it this week.
It's Qbert.
Yeah.
Qbert, where you play the little big nosed orange dude that has the, you know, curses
like a sailor and gets jumped on by snakes and little green snot looking things.
Let's take a listen to Qbert and the awesome 1982 arcade noises.
And he even got bonuses for the two discs on the side.
Yep.
I love the little sound that the disc makes.
Yeah, that's some cussing.
Anyway, so Qbert was originally supposed to be a game about Qbert's big nose that could
shoot projectiles.
And he would hop all over a pyramid that was actually made by Warren Davis.
Instead, the shooting was taken out and he jumps and changes the colors on little platforms
on a pyramid.
The original project name was called Cubes and was sort of called Snots and Boogers for
a while.
And then the little cussing thing that Qbert says when he gets hit.
I love the high score board, by the way.
Hi there!
In big letters.
Hi there!
Welcome to the Nozer Elite!
Well, hello!
So yeah, it is basically sort of puzzle and hopping around and, you know, the game actually
gets really hard because, you know, your first few levels you only change it once and you've
got enemies all over the board.
Also, then you move on to it changing to two colors.
You have to change the entire board.
And then it happens that you change to one color and if you hop back on it, it changes
back.
And so you have to get them all to match the final new color.
And there's ones that change three times if you hop on them.
And that's where the game just gets, like, disgustingly annoying.
I was really good at this.
I had the, actually, I had the Coleco version, Coleco Vision version for a long time, which
I still have.
I had the Commodore 64 version.
Um, but your little enemies are called Coily, who's the purple snake, and Ugg and Wrongway,
these little purple snotty little creatures, and Slick and Sam that are the green boogers.
And you can, you know, ride the little discs up to the top of the pyramid.
And if you jump on the pyramid right, on the disc right when one of the enemies are chasing
you, or I should say Coily is chasing you, they'll hop off the edge behind you and die.
Isn't that great, Rob?
Yes.
That used to be how you'd have to do it.
You'd have to kind of, like, lure them towards the disc and then kind of jump up there.
It's kind of like what you were talking about last week during the Classic Game of the Week,
which was Link to the Past.
How you'd have in those dungeons, the guards would charge at you, and if you were standing
towards the edge, then you'd just run real fast and they'd charge right off the edge
into oblivion.
It was great.
Well, um, the other thing about this too, though, is that it was, um, produced by Gottlieb,
who does a lot of, who did, I should say, a lot of, uh, pinball tables too.
Um, it also, um, the guy who developed it, uh, Warren Davis, sorry, um, was, uh, the
guy who was behind, um, Revolution X and Terminator 2 and a lot of fun, Joust 2 and Us vs. Them,
which is a laserdisc game.
So he's been in, he was also on an episode of House MD, I didn't know that.
Anyway, he's, you know, been around, you know, in the industry for a while and brought out
some pretty big classics.
And then, um, it really is just a very simple little game, but it gets really hard.
Um, as far as, uh, there were other games that came out.
Um, for Qbert itself, it came out on the Odyssey 2, which I have that system as well.
The Texas Instruments TI99, the, uh, Commodore VIC-20, um, Atari, the Atari systems, um,
the Atari 5200 version is ass, by the way.
Qbert was on everything from the 80s.
Yeah.
Everything.
Pretty much.
Um, there was also, um, a sequel, an actual sequel called Qbert's Cubes, which, um...
Is not bad.
I played it.
It's kind of fun.
Yeah, it's kind of fun.
Um, then there was Qbert III that came out on the NES, but it was very much like the
first one.
And there was a Qbert pinball, of course, got, like, put out called Qbert's Quest.
And, um, there was a tabletop electronic game version, um, all kinds of stuff.
There's also, um, a version that, uh, was put out by Davis that, um, was called Faster,
Harder, More Challenging Qbert, and it's actually now out, um, while he didn't put it into production,
is out for MAME.
He released the, uh, ROM image.
Oh, wow.
Cool.
And, of course, there's, um, the, uh, updated Qbert that, um, uh, was on, um...
Crap, now I can't remember which of the, um, but it was, uh, um, a 3D Qbert, like a Qbert
remix or something.
I think there was one on PlayStation, I want to say.
I could be wrong.
Yeah, there was, uh, the one on PS3, there was the 3D version of it, and it was supposed
to be pretty good.
Hmm.
You know, I liked Qbert and all, and I, I, I would like to see this come out on the Game
Room that Microsoft is doing, but I don't know if, if it will, because who owns the
rights to the Gottlieb games now?
Like, don't, doesn't a board game company own that, like, it doesn't, like, Hasbro
own them or something?
Is something really weird?
I don't know, but I'm wondering where this...
Like, I would think, though, free money, you know, like, hello, why don't you, uh, put
this game out on Game Room, but I don't know, it's gonna be weird.
But I do hope if it does come out on Game Room, that you can control it with the buttons,
because you know with the D-pad it's gonna stink.
In fact, on the Commodore 64 version, there was a mode where you could tilt your joystick
45 degrees, so that way you used up, down, left, and right to control.
And then up went, like, actually to the upright, and you know, it, it, it, it made it a lot
easier to control on the Commodore 64, trust me, because trying to hit diag-diagonal directions,
can you imagine trying to hit diagonal directions on the Xbox 360 D-pad?
No thank you.
Hopefully if it does come out in Game Room, you can use buttons for precision.
Hopefully.
We'll see.
But yeah.
Oh, you know what else I remember, Rob?
What's that?
The Qbert cartoon, when I was a kid.
Mm-hmm.
I had the Qbert board game.
There was a board game.
Yep.
I actually, somewhere, I had, I may not still have it, but I had a Qbert plushie.
Very cute.
With his big nose.
All right, well that's gonna bring us to a close of part A of Orange Lounge Radio, but
we are not done yet.
We still have part B coming up after the break.
We're gonna talk about a new console from Sega, but it's not what you think.
We're gonna talk about a sequel to the Fallout series and some interesting developments over
at Harmonix.
That's all coming up in part B. So those of you listening live, stay tuned.
We'll be back in a few minutes with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Podcast listeners, you only have to wait a few seconds.
So we'll be right back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back, everybody, to more of Orange Lounge Radio on this part B of our podcast
episode number 354 for this February the 7th of 2010.
It is Super Bowl Sunday here in the States, and I'm kind of, I don't really watch the
game.
I'm not really into football.
The Super Bowl.
But I know a lot of people watch it, so I know it was keeping people away from the show.
But now that it's over, you have no excuse.
So hopefully, if you're listening live, you are here in our chat room, chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
And of course, if you're listening to us on the podcast feed, you should try and make
it for a live show sometime.
We will be here next Sunday.
Next Sunday is Valentine's Day, which is also probably going to keep several people away.
But the three of us have arranged plans with our significant others, so we will still be
able to be here for the Valentine's Day show.
So look forward to that.
Anyhow, or as some folks like to call it, Singles Awareness Day.
So if you're single, come join the OLR family.
We'll make you feel right at home here and talk about games or something.
Keep your mind off of what Hallmark wants you to think about all day long.
All right.
Anyhow, let's get back into some gaming news, huh?
Yes.
All right.
Let's do some quick, quick news stories.
Loki.
Yes.
This is kind of cool.
Now, there will be a Heavy Rain demo coming out on PlayStation 3 soon.
It's not scheduled to come out until February 11th.
But if you can't wait that long, you can actually download it now.
And the way you do this is participate in their alternate reality game.
Now I know you probably don't have the time to do all that stuff.
Thankfully if you go to Kotaku.com, they actually have a guide to walk you through picking up
the four pieces of evidence that you need to pick out in order to receive this demo.
So the clue and everything is all right there for you.
Basically it just involves you signing up on Sony's site, heavyrainps3.com, and just
register there.
And then go to the website precinct52.com.
And then you can just look for the four pieces of evidence, which are the short cigarette
marked 11117B, the Origami Bird, Coffee Shop C, which you'll actually click on the one
that says Diner on it, and then the tire tracks, it's 117H.
When you click on the tire tracks, it actually expands it out.
Same with the cigarettes.
You click on the picture of the cigarette and it'll be two different choices and choose
117B.
Once you've done all that, you'll receive a code to download the demo immediately, which
is better than waiting till the 11th.
Other fun stuff.
Coming to the PlayStation Network, Fret Nice, which was a game, it's kind of a side scroll
platformer game, that was actually a Flash game at one time that you played entirely
with the Guitar Hero Rock Band controller.
Although for whatever reason, they decided to go with this really freakishly weird art
style.
Personally, I like the Flash version better.
But whatever, it will be available on PlayStation Network soon.
And no date yet on the Xbox Live Arcade version, but soon.
So PlayStation 3 is sweet though.
And then finally, Rock Band is getting some new download content, including, well tonight
actually was the Who Super Bowl Smash Up Medley, and that was available for $2 or $2 in whatever
respective points you're spending.
Also this week will be another album as well, including Holy Wars, The Punishment Due, which
is for also $2.
Hangar 18, Take No Prisoners, Five Magics, Poison Was the Cure, Lucretia, Tornado of
Souls, Dawn Patrol, and Rust in Peace Polaris.
All those are available for $2 as well.
And that's of course off the Mega Death Hangar 18 album I believe.
Or no, Rust in Peace, my mistake.
Okay, well I've got some more news for you guys for some other types of games.
Not music based, but definitely a popular game folks are looking forward to.
ModNation Racers.
As you know, this game is coming out on the PlayStation 3.
Do we have a time frame when that game's coming out?
Is that summer?
It got delayed again, so June as of right now.
Well apparently, not only is there going to be a PlayStation 3 version, there's going
to be a PSP version launching out.
What?!
I know, I've never heard this news before.
Totally new news!
But anyway, just so you know, this game does have all the same tools that you'll find in
the PS3 version, but of course the graphics are going to be scaled down a little bit.
But you still get to make your own cars, your own racers, your own tracks, and you get to
share them with the PSP ModNation community.
You get to go online with it and race and all that fun stuff.
So PS3 and PSP versions launching side by side, very similar to LittleBigPlanet of course
also has the PS3 and PSP versions, but there was about a year break between the two.
Don't expect to see that same large window between these two releases.
Again, totally new news to me.
I haven't heard this anywhere before.
Hey, Civ Network is a popular anticipated Facebook game, at least at my house.
I'm really excited to play Civilization Network, but not going to get a chance to tell June.
Yeah that's when the Civilization Network beta is apparently happening, is June.
So yeah, Variety of all places is the one that made this report.
Yeah Variety, the magazine usually talks about movies and TV, well they have to talk about
games too when there's big stuff going on.
The beta for the new Facebook game, according to Variety, not starting until June.
By the way, this game was initially announced back in October, and that they were going
to do a beta tester hunt soon.
So soon means nine months.
So yeah, it's like saying, you know, I'm going to have a baby soon.
One other thing I got for you guys this week, a game lots and lots of people are talking
about, Mass Effect 2, is obviously a hugely popular title this week, and with good reason
from what I understand, I haven't played it myself, but I hear it's pretty fucking epic.
One thing though that is not epic is the size of the text, and if you're playing on a standard
television, you probably can't read it.
It's got the tiny text problem.
You know, you've heard about this in other games before, it's not just Mass Effect 2
that's had this problem.
I want to say The Lost Planet had this, some other games too.
And usually companies patch this problem so that you can actually read these on an SDTV.
Well guess what, according to the project manager Michael Gamble, let's see, quote,
we understand that on some SDTVs, the smallest text in Mass Effect 2 can be difficult to
read.
While this was not an intentional result, it was a byproduct of the enhancements to
the user interface.
After investigating potential solutions, we have determined that while this issue does
affect a small portion of SDTV owners, we are unable to resolve it for Mass Effect 2
through a title update.
So if you can't read the text on a small TV, it's time to buy a big TV.
Dr. Zara.
Well if you don't have a big TV, you should just get one anyway regardless.
Well the PSP Go is apparently getting a relaunch, even though the PSP Go is kind of crap anyway.
But Gamervision is saying that they're definitely going to have a relaunch and that there's
going to be a price drop.
So maybe that'll work, who knows?
I still think it's crap.
Also, for our DDR fans, DDR Universe 3, DDS Revolution Universe 3 is on Xbox 360 games
on demand.
So, get your $30 dollars ready if you want it.
Or save your money, because it was my least favorite of the Xbox 360 games.
And yeah, this is the thing that I actually bought a thousand cryptic points for.
Is that you can play a Ferengi or a Federation Klingon in Star Trek Online.
But it's like, you have to pay so much.
Okay, get this.
You pay 240 cryptic points for a Klingon, right?
You pay 80 for a Ferengi.
80.
What are they saying?
That maybe they just suck?
They should also have a character trait called greed, I think.
Isn't that a little weird though, that you bought this game, yet they're making you pay
extra to roll these classes that probably a lot of people want to do?
No.
I suppose WoW charges you for certain types of faction changes and so forth, but I can't
think of anything that's locked out without having to spend more money, except I suppose
actual expansion packs themselves, I don't know.
Well, the one thing that I want them to do is to make some of the pre-order special stuff
available for other people.
And also for some reason, my liberated Borg isn't showing up.
I haven't tried looking in the thing again, but I haven't been able to make a liberated
Borg for my bridge crew.
Uh oh.
Maybe soon I need to find out where that is.
But I mean, I'm just saying that the other thing too is that I bought more points so
I could buy a third character slot.
Are you only allowed two character slots?
Two character slots.
Are there multiple servers or is it just one giant server?
One big giant server.
Oh wow, that's kind of cool.
The other thing is they were having, if you buy a lifetime membership, then you can have,
you start off with four slots, and you have the year when you get like one more extra
slot, I think.
So I don't know.
I didn't, I don't have the money for a lifetime, although I'd pay for it.
Question from our chat room, from Amaze Satsuma, chat.orangelaunchradio.com, do the female
Ferengi wear clothes?
Yes, they do, and there's an explanation for that, because keep in mind, all of our DS9
buddies out there, Rom's the Grand Nagus, and he brought in social reform.
Let's go to Twitter topics.
Every week we invite you guys to send us your tweets.
Show us your tweets at username O-L-R and submit your topics for possible consideration
to be read on the show.
There's a few of them tonight, so I don't think we're going to read all of these, but
I'll read a few of these.
From Pod Culture, Twitter topic, collector's editions of video games, yay or nay?
I say yay depending on what you're into.
Some of the extras can be cool sometimes.
It gets a little weird though when there's like really game changing items that are only
available in the collector's edition.
I don't know, that's not cool to me.
But I mean if it's a game I really like, sure I'm going to get the collector's edition.
Like if there's a Final Fantasy 13 collector's edition, I'm probably buying it.
Logie, collector's editions, yay nay?
It all depends what's in it and how much it's for.
I don't even have to ask Jamie, she's thumbing through her Star Trek collector's edition
right now.
It came with an art book, it was cool, and a pen, and I get like all kinds of cool stuff
with it.
So if it's something that I really like, if there's something that I really, really like,
and you know me and I love stuff, I will get the collector's edition.
Going through some other tweets here, Alex Carson, interesting question.
I don't know if we're going to have much of an answer to this on Twitter.
What podcast do you guys like to tune into?
Please tell me one of you guys like Stignation.
Here's the thing, and I don't know if Logie and Jamie feel similarly, but I don't listen
to a lot of other podcasts because I don't want to be inadvertently influenced by what
I hear on other shows.
Like I'm all for you guys.
How John Tesh of you?
Well I'm all for you guys listening to independent shows and I think you should support other
independent radio, but I don't want to like hear something on one show and then like inadvertently
without knowing, copy it.
Does that make sense?
Yeah.
But I do support folks listening to other shows.
There are a few.
I've listened to more.
I drive to the Bay Area more often now because you know I date somebody that lives in the
Bay Area and it's about a two hour drive.
I have used podcasts to fill the gap.
Let me check with Dark Soccer and Logie though first before I answer.
I do have a couple podcasts I like.
Dark Soccer, Logie, anything?
I was listening to the Grammarcast for a while and there are a couple more like a few classic
gaming ones that I was listening to, but for the most part I actually don't really have
time.
I should set them up to download on my iPhone, but I hardly ever forget to update my iPhone
anyway.
Logie?
I don't really listen to other podcasts.
You can't at your work either because you're on the phone and stuff, right?
So I know a lot of people listen to some work to pass the time.
No, it's not, I just don't because, I don't know, I just don't.
I don't have time, well I probably have time during the day, but I just don't want to.
Not that I don't think there's good stuff out there, it's just I don't listen to radio
either.
I listen to my CD player, or I guess MP3 player right now that has like ten songs on it and
I loop them and I just don't care about adding new stuff to it.
So same thing with podcasts, I read the news, there's no, for me I'd probably listen to
the game podcasts and I read the news and stuff, so I don't really need to hear the
news again.
Wait a minute, you just told people to basically not listen to this show.
So be it, whatever.
I'm just telling you why I don't listen to it.
We like to talk about all the news too, not just, I mean we try to report, usually we're
not the ones breaking the news, but we talk about it.
There's absolutely no news breaking here other than, oh my god, ModNation Racers on PSP.
Let's see, podcasts I listen to, you know, I haven't listened to Dignation, I try to
stay away from some of the corporate ones.
I just think a lot of them aren't that great, although I will say there's an NPR podcast
that's kind of funny, the Wait Wait Don't Tell Me, it's like the game show-ish one that's
about the weekend news.
It kind of depends on what week it is and who's on the panel, but some of those are
really funny.
As far as video game podcasts go, I don't know how far I want to say this, like I have
tried listening to a corporate oriented podcast.
It was a very niche thing and I kind of found myself a little bit bored listening to it.
It was kind of a niche gaming podcast.
I kind of thought the hosts didn't have energy, like they didn't sound excited about what
they were talking about.
It was kind of like, hello and welcome to our show, we're going to talk about this topic
today.
As hosted by Bob Ross?
Kind of, like I shouldn't say negative things, but I just, a lot of corp podcasts, like dude,
you're even paid to be there.
Well yeah, exactly.
Be excited!
That and the corporate podcasts too, it's just like, hey, look at all these games that
the game publishers just dumped on our desk with gold and money.
Look at all this shit I get to play for free!
They literally shoved money into my pockets and I was just like, oh, I hate this job,
it's so awful.
To be fair, I know that gaming journalism is a very tough industry with very few jobs
and people work their asses off to stay in it, but at the same time, I found myself bored
listening to this particular podcast.
It's just like when we used to go to like Konami press days and stuff like that and
just the people there are, some of them are such douches.
Anyhow, I'm not going to linger on the negative, let me move to the positive because there
are some indie podcasts I've listened to that I like.
Obviously I like Bobby's show, but clearly I'm biased and Friday Night Gaming I think
is a great show too.
I actually listened to, and I really like the show, I've listened to it like three times
now on my drives to San Francisco, I like the Warcraft Outsiders.
It's the spinoff of Video Game Outsiders, which is a show kind of similar to us.
It's a girl and two guys who kind of drink and talk about the video game news, except
they all do it on Skype.
I think one of them is in Canada and I think the others are on the East Coast somewhere,
but they do like a spinoff show about Warcraft and I think it's pretty good.
The girl leads it and she's like a hardcore Raider healer.
I think her and her boyfriend play a lot and I think they're pretty well informed of what
they're talking about.
I think it has energy.
They enjoy what they're talking about, although one guy on the show, kind of the running gag
is that he doesn't really play Warcraft so why is he there, but they make it funny so
it works.
But they have energy, like when she talks about her rating and stuff, you can tell she
is having fun and she's doing a show about something she really likes and the guy too
and the guest host.
For those that want my opinion on what makes a good podcast, have fun on what you're talking
about.
Make people want to listen to you because you are excited and I try to have energy on
the show every week, even if I'm having a shit week.
And don't forget, we've also got the comic podcast too that Mar and Marvel and I do.
And we giggle and are excited!
So there you go.
Anyhow, let's see, let me move on to other comments on our Twitter.
Spazinator says, latest rumor.
Patrick Stewart is said to be a huge fan of handheld gaming, specifically on the N-Gage.
Get it?
Oh my god, did I really just read that joke?
See, let it not be said that we do not let every gamer have a voice, even when we should
probably throw tomatoes at them.
Waka waka waka.
You know, the bad joke of the week wouldn't be a bad idea, you know, that would be kind
of funny.
You get the OLR tomato award of the night, Spazinator, congratulations.
Here's one more Twitter question for you guys.
Blue Swim asks us, any word on President Cat coming here?
Nope.
PS Dark Sakura, I can have Mischief Makers as Classic Game of the Week?
Maybe.
As far as President Cat goes, we didn't hear anything after the whole little, you know,
gauntlet of stuff that happened that week.
I don't think it's happening.
You know, there was the negative stories about that it only sold 100 copies, which I still
say were bullshit.
I failed to see how that was possible.
Maybe 100 copies were imported to the US.
There is no way it sold 100 copies, I'm sorry.
I mean, even the crappiest of absolute shit that comes out on the Wii sells a lot of copies.
That's why they release stuff on the Wii.
It's because people are like, hey, it's a game, it's cheap, let me buy it.
You know, it could be, I don't know, it could be a game about working at a call center or
something.
Now, the Twitter account Rent a Wii has still been kind of making posts as of late, so they're
still kind of, you know, there, but I don't, I don't know.
I think at this point, I'm not holding my breath to see it released over here, but you
know, don't give up.
Continue to follow it and send them tweets, and I think the best case scenario at this
point is that someone kind of caught wind of this whole thing going on, and maybe we'll
see a game like President Cat.
But remember, there's a certain charm that President Cat had, and when you make a copy
of a copy, the quality declines, so just be very thoughtful in how you do that if you
are said publisher listening right now, thinking about cashing in on the President Cat craze.
I think, again, it would sell.
It would.
Let's get back into some long-form gaming news.
We'll read more of your tweets next week at Twitter.com slash O-L-R. The mailbag's coming
up, though.
I know Dark Soccer's gonna tear into that in just a moment, but we do have some news
before we get there, Loki.
Yes.
You may remember that there was a, well, there's been a few knockoff Wii systems out there.
One of them was Zone 40, which was just some, like, it looks sort of like a Wii, but not
quite, you know, and it had, you know, 40 little mini games.
Well, now, they have the officially licensed Sega Zone, which has 20 Genesis Classic games
and 30 new games, 16 of which are playable with the devices, two wireless motion controllers,
and yeah, and it's in the wonderful black and blue with the Sega logo on the side.
Trying to see what games are in there.
It's kind of hard to see.
Oh, wait, here we go.
Let me guess.
Sonic the Hedgehog?
Well, Sonic the Hedgehog, yes.
I mean, that's, you know, obvious.
Looks like Alex Kidd, Sonic and Knuckles, Columns 3, Eswat, Echo the Dolphin, Golden
Axe.
Every Sega compilation, basically.
Then, like, some of the other, like, arcade games that they have.
I think a lot of this is just some generic stuff, like, they have what looks like a boxing
game.
Looks like Wii boxing or something.
I can actually see the little picture here.
I got a blown up version of it.
Eswat, Sonic Spinball, Golden Axe, Shinobi, and then in the Sega games section, they have
Canon.
Well, no, that's the 14 arcade games section right below that.
Mr. Balls is one of them.
Oh, oh, oh, I see.
I see.
Bomber, Canon, yeah, I see that's a bottle caps race or something.
It's like they basically just, you know, copied over some of the, you know, crappy games that
were on there and put some Sega Genesis games on there.
And then some interactive sports games.
Look at that.
It's like Wii Sports, but with 16 different games, including darts, I see, and, uh, interesting.
Well it would-
Is that curling?
I believe it is.
It would all depend on what the price is and it says, um, I guess it's priced at, uh, $39.95,
uh, what is that, euros, I believe, so.
I don't know though.
I mean, it's-
50 pounds.
Cute, but-
50 pounds.
I think I'll pass on that.
Anyhow, um, I don't know how I feel about these games, but, uh, Wheel of Fortune and
Jeopardy, you know, these games, they're actually, I believe they're like Sony Pictures Entertainment,
um, game shows, but THQ has actually licensed the franchises to make video games based on
them.
I mean, it's not like it would be the first time ever a video game has been made out of
Wheel of Fortune or Jeopardy.
But it would be awesome if they were, I don't know, uh, one of the Xbox, you know.
That's what I'm saying.
That's where I was gonna go with this, is that, wouldn't that be cool if they actually,
I mean, to make these games more fun, did the whole, like, 1 versus 100 route and made
them, like, a little more interactive like that?
Honestly, 1 versus 100 is awesome and everything, but it's starting to get old, and, um, you
know, I thought there was supposed to be more than just one game on there.
And honestly, I've never played 1 versus 100 on, uh, you know, Xbox Live.
Just...
It's fun-ish.
Dan likes it.
I was number one one night on Video Game Trivia, like, halfway through.
I finally missed, I think I had a 26-question streak, and at one of the breaks, I was, like,
number one on the leaderboard.
I took a picture and posted it on Twitter and everything.
I talked about it a few weeks ago on the show.
Um, but, sadly, yeah, I finally failed.
I think the question I failed on was, um, oh, I remember it was the ESRB rating.
What was the ESRB rating for Worms 2?
I got it wrong.
Um, but anyway, it's, it's fun.
It's, playing the Xbox Live one can be fun.
But yeah, I get what you're saying, though.
It does get old.
A lot of these game show things get old, but if there was that variety, I think it could
be pretty cool.
Especially, like, Jeopardy, Wheel of Fortune, I think these could be cool games to do live.
Um, you know, with the whole, like, you know, I don't think everybody would just watch three
players.
But maybe if everybody got, you know how, like, 1 versus 100 splits you up into parties
of four?
Yeah.
Maybe if these games did that, it splits you up into random parties of three, and you played
a predetermined puzzle or predetermined set of questions, and then you can see, maybe,
at the end, who, out of all the matches, was, like, the top, who got the big, big score.
I mean, there's ways you could do it, I think, and make it fun.
But, sadly, I don't think THQ is going to be doing that, because, guess what?
They're actually going to be releasing them specifically on the Wii and the DS.
So, in other words, get ready to spin the wheel with your Wiimote.
And they're going to be as bad as successful as The Price is Right and the other games
that came out, which were not very much.
Yeah, I heard Press Your Luck and Price is Right weren't that bad.
But, anyway, later this year, when those first games are coming out, the statement, by the
way, about these games came from the THQ kids, family, and casual games executive VP, so
no hardcore wheel of fortune for you.
I am sorry to say.
I really wish they would go the live game show route, though, on Xbox Live.
I hope we do get some more of those.
I really do.
Wouldn't it be cool to actually have a live Press Your Luck?
I would love that!
Or a live Price is Right.
Old school.
I mean, imagine, like, you could be in the audience with your little avatar higher, higher,
lower.
Do you have a Plinko party?
There's so much more that can be done, and I hope it is done.
Well, how about something, though, that's good news for a lot of people.
There's Fallout Las- sorry, Fallout New Vegas will be out summer 2010.
There's actually a trailer up and everything.
It's being developed by Obsidian Entertainment, the same people that gave us Knights of the
Old Republic 2, Neverwinter Knights 2, and this is going to be a direct follow-up to
Fallout 3.
You look kind of neat.
I just know a lot of people like Fallout.
Oh yeah, Fallout's a hugely popular game, especially number 3.
It's one of those games I have yet to play.
It's in my little rental queue, but I haven't gotten the game yet.
But I hear it's Oblivion with guns, but so much came out, you know, we don't have time
to play every single video game, but I'll try to get around to it, at least before Final
Fantasy XIII comes out, because when that comes out, yeah, I'm not really going to be
playing anything else for a while.
I know myself.
So sad.
All these games.
So this is kind of interesting.
You may remember back when we talked a little bit about how Walmart and Best Buy were kind
of getting into this kiosk trade-in type of business.
They're going to be able to buy, sell, trade games, also rent out games, and I believe
DVDs as well.
Problem is, though, the company behind it, ePlay, has ceased operations.
So I don't know if that means closing or out of business or whatever, but they're no longer
operating, if you will.
So unfortunately that will probably go away, which is too bad, because I hear that their
trade-in values are pretty good.
Not true, though, if you're doing that in Canada, because I believe actually in Canada
Best Buy actually handles their trade-ins in the store and not through a kiosk, so that's
kind of cool.
Also GameCrazy, apparently the parent company movie gallery has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy
again, and they're only basically going to drop it down to only 250 GameCrazy locations
once they're done and be liquidating close to 760 stores.
I can vouch for that.
That's a lot of depressing news in the retail world.
Yeah.
That's something that hits home here.
Oh, sure, I'm sure.
Do you know yet if everything's going to be okay?
We're thinking that the Cameron Park store is going to be okay.
That's cool.
All right.
Well, good luck.
I hope everything turns out all right.
Me too.
You know, I like living in a house.
Yeah.
Anyhow, on to happier news.
Some of the comments in chat still talking about the whole ideas of game shows on Xbox
Live, and I think SSJ 100 Matt totally has the winner idea of what games should be on
Xbox Live.
You ready?
Ah, yes, the match game.
If only they could find a way to bring back Brett Summers and Charles Nelson Riley from
the dead.
It'd be amazing.
Kind of a sad face news.
You know I'm big on live journal, right?
One of my good friends that I've had on live journal for years now ran a community on live
journal called Match Game LJ, which, you know, kind of did like a little live journal version
of the match game every week.
He decided to close it down this week, and he's not going to be running it anymore.
Give me sad face.
So what up, Mark, if you're listening, although I doubt he is, but yes, match game should
be on Xbox Live.
That would be wonderful.
I would love that.
All right.
On to some other news.
This is definitely kind of an eyebrow raising piece here from Harmonics.
Harmonics has apparently done some more licensing, and this really isn't a big surprise when
you consider, oh yeah, duh, Harmonics makes music games, and you know, they license stuff
for Rock Band 2 all of the time.
But look at some of the things they've been licensing lately.
This is all from the Royalty Network.
I guess some people were watching there.
Anti Up by M.O.P., Say Ah by Trey Songs, Evacuate the Dance Floor by Cascada, The Way I Are
by Timbaland featuring DOE.
Those are all like dancy, poppy songs.
They don't belong in Rock Band.
Or do they?
Or what is going on at Camp Harmonics?
Hmm.
Could it be that Harmo- now there's a couple options here.
Harmonics could be looking at going a really radically different direction with Rock Band
3, perhaps.
It could be that they have a DJ, other type of like DJ Hero-ish game in the works, some
answer to that.
It could be that they have a DDR response in the works, a dance game, maybe a pop band
type of game.
Who knows?
Dancing.
Who knows?
What do you think?
Or just a karaoke game.
A karaoke game?
Although Harmonics did the original Karaoke Revolution, I mean I couldn't see Harmonics
doing just a karaoke game when there's so many on the market now and they're already
into Rock Band.
I don't know.
I've got to admit, you know what I'm tempted to say?
I just- my gut tells me it's a dance game.
That they're going to try to take the dance game crown from Konami and now's a pretty
good time, honestly.
They could do it.
I don't know, what do you guys think?
Obviously this is a topic that hits home here at OLR.
This show started over DDR.
The dance genre is really that popular anymore, I mean, I guess you've seen a couple titles
that are really kind of stand out now, but they're a little bit different than DDR, like
Just Dance is a title that I'm surprised is doing okay.
Actually, I have some co-workers, and I always talk about co-workers because that's my way
to gauge the casual gamer.
Do some of my co-workers that I would not imagine played a lot of Nintendo Wii love
Just Dance, and think it's like, great.
And I've heard some people on the show talking highly about it too, some of our chatters
and stuff.
Apparently it's this big cult music game that's doing very well, culty type.
I gotta play it at some point.
But anyway, sorry, what was the rest of your thought there?
No, I'm just surprised that, you know, that's doing well.
So I'm not sure if they would be going, like, that route though.
Frisbee in our chatroom says Konami doesn't have the crown, StepMania does.
I'm just gonna say this and rip it off like a bandaid here and just kind of give you my
thought here.
StepMania is not legitimate.
I know that probably sucks to hear, and I know it's got a big community and everything,
but it's not legitimate.
Neither is In the Groove.
Do you, well, In the Groove is a step above StepMania.
In the Groove was the way to try and legitimize StepMania, but let me put it this way.
You do not walk into a GameStop and buy StepMania over the counter.
Or do you really buy StepMania at all?
I mean, it's just not, it's not the same.
StepMania was always there to emulate DDR.
And then yeah, they tried to kind of innovate it later, especially within the Groove and
so forth, but it's not, I mean, I could see Harmonix doing what Konami should have done
about six years ago and reinventing DDR from the ground up, which supposedly is also happening
by Konami right now.
I haven't heard what's up with that DDR game they're supposed to be putting out with eight
panels.
Like, wasn't that supposed to be out last Christmas?
It got delayed.
Uh, yeah.
It was supposed to be actually out this spring, and it still hasn't been released yet.
I think probably the second quarter, but even still, it's just, I can't get excited about
it.
I go to DDRfreak.com and let's see, do I see anything about the new DDR game?
Let's see, DDRfreak, Pump It Up Pro 2, StepMania, the manga, DJ Hero Deal, Cobalt Flux, back
in November, $40 Amazon credit with various hero bundles.
Yeah.
There's no news on DDR and even DDRfreak.
I mean, that is a sign about how Konami has fumbled and dropped the DDR crown.
I think if Harmonix were to show up at E3 with a new dance game, with not, I hate to
say it guys, I know I'm going to piss some of you off with this comment, but without
the J-pop and the stuff that most people on this side of the ocean don't know, but stuff
like Timberland and Cascada and people actually recognize from clubs, uh, Harmonix is going
to, they're going to do to DDR what they did to Guitar Hero, or Guitar Freaks, sorry, with
Guitar Hero.
That could be what we're looking at.
Well, we'll just have to wait and see.
And it could be not, it could be that Rock Band 3, I mean, again, this is all speculation.
I don't know why my gut just tells me Konami is vulnerable right now.
If DDRfreak can't even tell you the latest and what's going on with eight panel DDR and
this whole reinvention of the franchise, I mean, hello, something is wrong.
Right?
Yeah.
You know, we technically do have eight panel DDR, Rob.
Doubles.
You know what I'm talking about.
I know.
I know.
Well, just like quad mode.
How did that ever catch on?
I don't know.
Dark Tetsuya is saying, so Rob, are you saying DDR is dead?
Um, well, yes.
It kind of died about five years ago.
Around the time this show stopped talking about DDR was kind of when it was starting
to die.
I mean, I hate to say it, but I don't think it'll ever die, but it's not what it was 10
years ago.
Let's face it.
Reality check.
All right.
Anyhow, hey, let's get into some more pleasant topics and talk a little bit about, uh, what
is going on in our email bag.
That's right.
Every week we invite you guys to send us emails to our email address at mailbagorangeloungeradio.com.
And every week Dark Sakura likes to tear the mailbag open and read some of her favorite
emails for us to respond to here on the show.
So Dark Sakura dive into the mailbag and tell us what emails are we getting this week?
Well, we got one recent, it was one of the ones that were deleted when I was getting
rid of the spam.
Um, so I'll go ahead and read it first.
Um, hi, OLR crew, AZHP here.
I was listening to your podcast from the 10th and her Jamie brush off the rock star forced
overtime deal because they would get time and a half.
I work in the programming industry as well, and I can tell you with a percent certainty
that pretty much no one in the entire industry in California gets paid a cent of overtime
furthermore.
And this is generally the norm for the games industry in general.
Employees are forced to work 12 hours, six to seven days a week with no overtime pay,
no compensation for PTO, no bonuses, and sometimes even no vacation by the way, PTO is paid time
off for those who don't speak office speak.
Sometimes even a vacation after project is finished.
There are also generally threats of dismissal if one does not go into work.
These people are so fatigued getting one or zero days off that week, they make them more
and more mistakes and they have to stay even longer to fix them.
There is a law in California that says you can be exempt from getting paid overtime if
you make more than $90,000 in a year.
However, game developers generally make about half that.
It might seem like a decent salary, but when you're working 100 hours, 100 hour work weeks,
it equates to about $14 an hour.
Now you might say, take it up with the law or quit.
However, these people are so overworked that they don't have the time to file a lawsuit.
And getting into the industry is so hard because there are so few studios owned by even fewer
publishers that it's 100 times harder to get a job in the games industry than it is any
other job, especially in our economic climate.
I'm sorry for the lengthy rant, but I was appalled at the complacency of the crew on
reporting on the story and wanted everyone to know the true nature of the beast so that
they could understand what most game developers go through to bring you the games you love
to play.
Yours truly, AZHP.
PS, sorry about the terrible Silent Hill joke last time.
I just had to.
Now my point is, is that it's because no one says anything that this shit continues.
I kind of, I sort of agree.
Like I don't, I don't want to say I'm complacent with this.
I mean it does strike me as very wrong, but at the same time I feel like I don't know
enough about that perspective because most of the people I know that work for developers
aren't making these same complaints.
And I don't know if it's because of, and it's addressed in that email, the fear of if they
speak up, they're going to get fired.
But if everything that's in that email is true, that's bullshit.
Of course it's bullshit.
And maybe the wife should be speaking up and somebody has got to stand up for these people
and put a stop to this.
By the way though, you don't have to make 90,000 a year to be exempt from overtime.
Trust me, I know.
Yeah, no.
But if you, if you are an exempt employee, then your overtime is counted in other ways.
But yes, there are still boundaries.
You know, I, I don't like to talk a lot about my day job because I don't want to ever jeopardize
that here on the show.
But I will say these few key things.
I am an exempt employee where I work, but anytime I do have to work those extra hours,
my company is very good about balancing it out.
I don't ever feel...
You get basically comped time, right?
In a way.
I think I should reveal those types of things on the show, but you know, there, there, there
are ways they make up for it and I don't feel overworked and everybody should have that.
I've had times at my job where they say, oh, we've got mandatory overtime this weekend.
And I'm like, I'm not coming.
Why not?
Um, I'm not coming.
I have other things to do.
I made plans.
Sorry, I'm not coming.
And they'll be like, oh, well, okay.
Cause they cannot make you work mandatory overtime.
They just say mandatory because they're strongly suggesting it because they need to have the
people there.
And maybe it's mandatory for them to request the overtime, but it's not mandatory that
you take it.
That you, you know, go in and work on your day off.
We have a law for a reason.
And if, I'm sorry, I really don't feel very sorry for these people who, well, okay.
I actually, no, I don't feel sorry because yeah, it sucks that they have, they're having
such a hard time, but as long as they're not doing anything to change it, you know, then
they're just adding to the problem.
They're adding to the problem.
Well, maybe that's why the wives are speaking out.
Maybe, maybe people, I mean, I can see what he's saying in the email there about there
is a very real fear that if I speak up, I'm going to be fired.
I could see that.
But that's illegal.
It's a tough industry to crack into.
But it still doesn't change the fact of what the law is.
I don't want to get too political here, but is it just throwing ideas out there?
Is it possible that there could be a union of developers and people that work in the
game industry?
I mean, maybe that's what's needed.
I would say so.
I mean, if, if it seems like- Do we need Sally Field to jump up on a table
with her sign about starting a union?
Well, I, I think that if anyone is working in that kind of condition, the, it doesn't
matter how exhausted they are.
You know, if someone does not think enough of themselves, their family, and doing work
that they enjoy to try to make their workplace a better place to be, then they don't need
to be there.
Uh, one of our listeners in chat, I'll, I'll, I'll withhold their name here because they
are saying something somewhat negative, uh, says, it's hard to say no to our Sakura.
Once is okay, twice you don't get a raise and all the industry is connected.
I mean, I, he's speaking to that same fear.
I mean, I get what you're saying, but I get what he's saying.
There's got, something has to give.
You know what I mean?
Well, that goes back to the same thing.
If you are unhappy with the environment, you change it.
You know, one person may be one person, but for every one person that has a particular,
uh, distaste for something, there are going to be at least eight other people around them,
very close to them that have that same feeling.
And sometimes all it takes is for one person to say something before everybody else decides,
Hey, yeah, we agree.
Well, this issue is long from over.
I'm sure about that.
Maybe it's going to end up being the wives that take this on.
I don't know.
It's going to be very interesting to see what develops, but for now we should probably move
on to another email.
One comes from lucky nuts.
Hey, Jamie keeps talking about her vault.
I too have a vault that I've kept for the last 20 years or so, and I'm considering spending
the next few months clearing it out on eBay to buy more grownup things like a new sailboat.
Have you ever thought about clearing out your collection and if so, did you later regret
it?
Um, first of all, grownup is a concept.
You know, you're getting rid of one thing for recreation to get another thing for recreation.
Grownup is bullshit.
You know, so drop that little attitude right there.
I hate that attitude so much and no, I'm not getting rid of the collection ever.
I love our collection.
I go back and use all this stuff.
I get, I'm happy just looking at it.
Like, I like going in the vault and just looking around and going, damn, we got some cool shit.
Look at all this shit.
I know.
That's just how I feel.
And then she'll invite other people over, Rob, Rob, come over and look at all my shit.
Come over here and help me play with this.
You know, and by the way, if you go to our YouTube channel, um, you can actually see
some video taken in the vault if you want to see what I have.
And if you are going to sell some of your stuff though, talk to me.
Nice.
Maybe you'll have something I want.
I just to say from, from a non-collector perspective, I've sold some of my stuff.
I've never really regretted it though, cause I try to really think about it and not sell
anything that I think I might remotely play again.
Like I think I sold my copy of Dead or Alive for, I just knew I wasn't going to play that
again.
Misty said she was happy looking at it while she was visiting.
There you go.
Um, now I did get two emails from one other person, but I'm only going to read one of
them because really the first one was all like, I like Silent Hill Shattered Memories.
Can I say though real quick though, if you did sell your collection and buy the sailboat,
you know that you could say, I'm on a boat.
You know, that's one of my ringtones on my phone.
Is it?
I'm not surprised.
It's the one when, uh, when work calls.
That's why you buy the sailboat.
You want to say I'm on a boat.
I don't want to be on a boat.
I want to play my games.
Games are more versatile than a sailboat.
You can, you can go in your house unless your electricity is off.
You can play your games anytime.
That's a dark Sakura song would be, I got a vault.
I got a vault, motherfucker.
A vault.
But you can only go on your sailboat, first of all, if you're licensed for it.
A sailboat is going to give you a lot more cost and upkeep and storage.
Dude, you're going to save yourself some money just by keeping your games and renting a boat
for a weekend.
The end.
Cause then you don't have to do all the crap to it.
God, I'm smart.
I should just be a financial advisor even though I kind of, you know, kind of suck at
it.
You're a goddamn boat idiot.
You don't need a boat.
You need a- Fuck boats.
Rent it.
Jamie, you need a- Charter a boat.
Jamie, you need a financial advice podcast.
Fuck no.
It would be nothing but Dan yelling at me for spending too much money on comics.
Fuck rent.
Buy comics.
So anyway, I'm going to read just the one email.
Um, hello from Haseo- Haseo Sumiragawa.
Yeah this person, um, is, uh, yeah, anyway, and yes, DarkSakura, my grammar has greatly
improved except you're not using any capital letters and you misspelled grammar.
I was wondering if you guys have ever played the MMO Mabinogi.
If so, have you- why have you guys never mentioned it?
Because we haven't.
Never heard of it.
Ever.
Why not try it?
I mean, it's a lot like World of Warcraft except for Mabi is PS3, the two- okay, is
the PS3 of the two you pay for nothing except pet next to your characters unless you are
smart enough?
Uh, whatever.
Is this spam?
No, it's- Alright, just checking.
You know, I'm wondering if you- I really can't read this.
Do you know how easy it would be to- okay, I'll come stand behind you.
Okay, also on another note, the gift Rob got from Loki, where would I find when you can
play an NES game on it?
It's an FC Mobile, look it up online.
eBay.
Also I make AMVs from video- there's actually a couple sites that sell them to you.
Also I make AMVs from video games and I was wondering, can you guys have any ideas for
an AMV?
Yes, there should be an AMV where the main character is learning proper spelling and
grammar.
It'd be fascinating.
Also update the podcast more often.
Probably not.
Okay, dude.
I'm sorry.
Also, spammers need to be raped with a flaya warhead.
Now that I can get behind.
No pun intended.
I'm sorry, I- you're- I can't read your email because it doesn't make sense in my brain.
I'm sorry, I'll look at your YouTube videos, but your email hurts my head.
Alright.
I'm sorry.
I tried!
Are there any other emails?
No, well there was another one written by the same person, but again-
Yes, read it, please, please, please!
I love Silent Hill.
Okay, fine!
Shit.
Okay, first off, this was the first Silent Hill game I've played, so be nice, DarkSakura.
Do I have to?
Okay, this is a remake of the original- Too late.
You play as Harry Masons whose daughter is missing, blah blah blah.
We know all that.
Um, the gameplay is seamless.
Love the PSP, your trusty flashlight, adds an extra compen- commentary pending what you're
looking at.
Yeah.
Sorry, I can't.
Also, though, but I do like this, the nightmare sequences are a pain in the ass without weapons.
Um, go back and play the first Silent Hill.
Can I try?
Can I try reading the review?
Would you mind if I give it a shot?
Give it a try, Rob.
Hold on one minute, I'm gonna- I gotta bring it up here in studio here, and I will read
the review for you guys.
Okay, cause it's really bad.
Okay, hold on.
Alright, hold on, I'm getting in there.
Let's see, what is- Silent Hill Shadow Memories?
That would be the one.
Will this review involve- Okay, first off, this was the first Silent Hill game I've played,
so be nice, DarkSakura.
First off, this is a remake of the original.
You play as Harry Mason whose daughter is missing, and you travel through the mysterious
small town of Silent while searching for her.
Gameplay is seamless of the PSP.
Your trusty flashlight adds an extra commentary pending what you are looking at.
You have a cell phone to take pictures of static memoirs and whatnot.
The most annoying part of the game is the physiatrist who pops up and pisses you off,
and the nightmare sequences are a pain in the ass without weapons.
The story changes pending on how you talk with the physiarist you could get ending where
she's not found or one where blah blah blah spoilers.
The game is more fuck with your head than super scary.
I give it a 4.5 out of 5.
I thought for sure you were going to use one of the audio effects on our new mixing board,
but I was wrong.
You went back old dude.
Echo voice, Rob!
Echo voice!
You want echo voice?
Echo voice.
Hold on.
Ooh.
I own your soul.
Whoa!
I give it a 4.5 out of 5.
Okay that's enough of that for real.
It sounds like you're at the back end of a tunnel Rob.
Alright.
New mixing boards are fun.
That's it for the mailbag?
Yep.
Alright.
Uh, let's move on then to the FUs of the week because sometimes we get angsty here on this
show.
That poor guy is never going to email us again.
But if you want to have your emails ready to kill, please send them to mailbag at orange
launch radio dot com.
Just remember, we have Yakety Sax ready to go whenever we need it.
We also have the angsty music ready to go for the FUs of the week.
Fuck you Cryptic.
For your damn servers.
Make your servers hold more people so that I don't have to play a laggy STO.
The end.
Loki.
FU to people that break into my car and apparently there is a dude, or somebody, I'm assuming
it's a dude, that broke into my car last night because I had boxes in the back of my car
to give to my coworker who's moving and those boxes were of a microwave and computers and
whatnot.
And so they thought, hey look, microwave and computers.
So they broke the back window, pulled the box out and go, hey, this is a box.
What the hell is this?
Unfortunately under those boxes was my rifle bag with all my airsoft guns and they decided
to take that in protest.
So I am without airsoft guns.
So you gave a thief guns.
Good move, Loki.
I gave a thief fake guns.
Well, I gave him guns without batteries or any of the ammo because he didn't take any
of the ammo.
It was just sitting right there.
Whatever.
You know, I don't care because I haven't played airsoft in over a year or so.
It's so sad, but if I want more airsoft guns I'll just buy more.
I have arcade stuff to play.
I don't have time to play airsoft and it's been too, the weather's been crappy, so.
It's unfortunate, but it's not like, I'm not sad by it at all.
Well, if that's it for your FU of the week, mine would be just more moving angst and cleaning
and putting things in boxes and moving it and yeah, it's everything that comes with
moving, but I'll be over it in a couple of weeks when it's over, I'm sure.
Otherwise things are good.
I don't have a lot to complain about.
Life is happy.
Yay.
Butterflies and sparkles.
All right.
A couple more news stories for you guys and then your chance to interact with us live
on the phone on our Skype line at orange lounge radio or one eight seven seven game O L R
okay.
Yes.
Uh, Dante's Inferno is getting some download content, which I think is bundled actually
with the PlayStation three version.
Um, apparently someone got the game early or downloaded the game early and, um, recorded
a video that they sent to Kotaku, which shows a new download content that's going to have
some new online, um, co-op actually a new playable character along with that.
And there's some different, uh, trials apparently that you can play and you can create your
own new trials and share them online.
So that's kind of neat.
Um, but apparently if, uh, it's not in the PS three version, I know it's definitely not
in the three 60 version.
So if you do have the three 60, uh, you'll have to get it in April.
Um, hopefully it is included in the PS three version, in which case you'll get it immediately.
But that's neat.
And um, I don't know if it's going to be free later on, but it's, uh, apparently a trailer
that's on the disc.
So.
All righty.
Uh, I got one more story for you guys.
Are you going to pick up Dante's Inferno by the way, just before I get to my thing?
No, because I have Borderlands and I now have Bioshock two to play and really I'll just
pick up God of War three.
Although Dante's Inferno looked kind of cool and you know, I'm, I'm interested just to
kind of play through it mindlessly, but not right away.
I'll wait for the maybe drop in price or, and Final Fantasy 13 is right around the corner.
So it's like, I really don't have time to play all these games.
It's just, it's just too many games.
I'll probably put it in the queue of things to play, like on my literal, now that I use
a rental game, so I stopped spending 60 bucks on games every week, uh, put it in my queue
of things to play.
But you know, one thing I'm learning, you don't always get what's number one on your
list right away.
It's not quite as effective as Netflix, just so you know.
Anyhow, uh, one other story for you guys, and this does have to do with spending money,
uh, buying stuff on your computer, uh, using one of those, uh, digital distribution sites.
You know, Steam, they are, uh, probably the kings of what's going on.
But there's some other websites that sell games too, and one of them is GOG.com, GOG.com,
or you might call them the good old games.
If you think about it, it's kind of a site that tries to legitimize abandonware.
If you've never heard of that term before, a lot of folks like to use some weird clause
in copyright law, which I think some dude just made up because he wanted to justify
the theft.
Um, is that if a game hasn't been published for seven years, then it's okay to send on
the internet wherever you want.
You can, uh, send that game out there.
Well, uh, obviously some publishers are not having that, uh, but GOG.com or good old games
tries to kind of legitimize that by selling DR free, DR, I'm sorry, DRM free old games.
And they got some big lands this week.
Um, they got a deal with Activision publishing to get some, uh, Sierra classics because Activision
has access to those classics now, uh, and that you can't even find on steam.
Some of those games, by the way, that are out right now, the first two that were added
are Canem of Steamworks and Magic Obscura.
Definitely an Obscura title.
Cause I haven't even heard of that one, but this one I definitely knew, Gabriel Knight
Sins of the Fathers.
I don't know if you ever heard of this game, but I've heard of the Gabriel Knight games.
Yeah.
It's pretty cool.
Cause Tim, Tim, Tim Curry does a voice in the game.
It was one of his voice acting gigs, six bucks for each one of those titles.
They are supposed to be doing like several titles a week over the next few months.
So a lot of these old school classic games, if you are curious and checking them out,
you can go to GOG.com.
Granted it's not the same as when that LucasArts pack was available for what, like nine bucks
or something.
Some obscenely low price on steam over the holidays, but, uh, you know, you can still
find some good old classic games because Loki doesn't have enough new games to play clearly.
So he should add some classic games to his, uh, buffet too.
I have plenty of games to play and I'm just trying to get through, I'm still trying to
sort my Maim ROM collection to eliminate all the crap I'm not going to use.
A lot of, several folks in chat chanting down with DRM, well that's one of their big things
is that they don't charge or they don't have really DRM on the games.
And so you can buy them and it's, you know, legitimate.
You can feel good karma and all that stuff and then not have to worry about the whole
abandonware and possibly getting viruses and all that stuff.
So there you go.
Anyhow that's going to do it for the news tonight and that's where we're going to go
to our Skype line.
It is now open 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
We are taking your calls live on this Sunday evening, Super Bowl Sunday, February the 7th
of 2010.
While we wait for some calls to come in, Loki's got some last minute stories for us.
Yes, uh, I do.
Well I just assume you usually do.
If you didn't, I guess I was wrong.
Uh, no, actually there's some other stuff we can talk about, um, of course I don't have
to pull it up yet because that would be really awesome.
Actually we'll talk about this real quick.
There's a game, Tales of Innocence, which was released on DS, um, in Japan.
You gotta reprieve, you gotta call.
Hi you're on OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this?
Hi, this is Spaznator.
Hi Spaznator, what's on your mind buddy?
Uh, two things, um, yeah, uh, I didn't know if you guys saw my tweets earlier in the week,
but, um, I thought it was kind of worth mentioning, uh, there's, uh, anime series that, uh, I
think you guys may want to check out.
I, before I can go back and check with Sakura into, uh, Anime as well.
Wait, hold that thought, hold that thought, because speaking of anime series, I, I totally
forgot to get into this at the top of the show and I wanted to.
This weekend I went to Japantown in, uh, San Francisco and I totally thought of Jamie,
because I, well, A, I saw the Taiyaki place that, um, I know she really loves and she
likes to eat there and it made me think of her.
And then we went to Japan video and some of those places and we were looking at, um, anime.
And I saw the Ragnarok anime on DVD.
I guess they made like 25 episodes of a Ragnarok anime.
Yeah, they have a whole season, it's actually pretty good.
I've watched most of it.
Have you?
Because it made me think of you.
I was like, I should get this for Jamie and then I'm thinking, no, she probably already
has it.
But actually I downloaded it when it first started coming out on TV and I never finished
it.
Oh, okay.
And so it actually won.
It was pretty cute, pretty, you know, close to the game.
I'm already getting the new DS one, the US one, um, cause I tried playing it in Japanese.
I tried.
But a completely, completely random tangent right next to all that stuff is a little store
called Pika Pika, which is a picture booth store.
It's one of the stores that's nothing but picture booths.
Now I met up in Japantown with a bunch of people that I play World of Warcraft with.
So it's like we had an IRL raid.
So we raided Pika Pika and one of the photo booths there and there was like six of us
in the photo booths.
Like it takes like $9 to take a picture, but it's all like green platforms you stand on
and it puts in backers.
We had so much picture club.
It was so much fun.
Like seriously, I think these only exist in big cities.
I've seen one by Arcade Infinity too.
There used to be one right next door there, but if you have one of these in your town,
it's a lot of fun.
Oh yeah, totally.
Okay.
Sorry.
What else do you want to talk about?
Uh, it's called Dumslinger Girl.
I don't know if either one of you have heard of it, but it's, uh, there's two, uh, seasons
of it.
Both are like 13 episodes long and the trick synopsis of it is, uh, you know, this government
agency over in, uh, really basically, uh, takes in, uh, you know, kids, they're basically
dying to, uh, $6 million, you know, women type cyborgs and, uh, has them, uh, do, uh,
assassinations for like, uh, assassinate terrorists and stuff like that.
So wait, Gunslinger, hold on, Gunslinger Girl was the name of the anime?
Yeah.
And you've, have you ever heard of this dark side?
Yes, I have.
I wanted to try it out.
It's just, you know, I haven't had a lot of time.
Is this something available on the PlayStation 3 marketplace?
Cause I know anime is like a big niche that they have on there that, uh, yes, it is.
Uh, there's, you know, season one and season two, and I think, uh, there's, uh, uh, I don't
want to call it a season three, but there is, uh, like another season there.
I think it's like, uh, like a reimagining of the entire series.
Uh, you want me when I call it like season 2.5, we were, if you want to call it that.
Okay.
Like a special, sure.
Yeah, but I have the entire season one and season two and I took very stuck season two
about a day and, oh my God, it's epic.
I mean, you know, it, you know, some always, you know, popping a video podcast kind of
like don't really like season two so much, but no, I love it personally.
So take that as you may, but you know, all in all it's pretty good.
We'll have to recommend that to the listeners and to the anime fans here in studio as well.
Gunslinger Girl.
Okay.
So sound really excited about that.
Anything else on the PlayStation network we should be checking out right now?
Uh, yeah.
Uh, it's something you kind of sort of touched on on your last show.
Uh, it's, uh, the new, uh, music guidance Sigma 2, uh, table for Zen Pinball.
Uh-huh.
I just stopped today and it's pretty good, uh, in fact, first of all, I think it's a
little bit better than some of the other tables that are currently available for the game.
I like Zen Pinball.
I'll have to check that out.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'd definitely give her a thumbs up on that.
All right.
Well, uh, uh, let's get going so, uh, you can take more calls.
All right.
Yep.
Well, you have a good week, Spaznator.
Give me a phone call and we'll forgive you for the bad joke on Twitter earlier.
Okay.
All right.
You too, buddy.
Bye.
877 game.
OLRs.
The number to call her username on Skype is orange lounge radio.
Uh, by the way, taking a call from the East coast does remind me, uh, PAX East is probably
about what?
Six, seven weeks away.
Uh, PAX East is sold out.
So if you didn't get a ticket, you're out of luck.
Uh, I guess you maybe can still get a one day ticket.
Uh, and I'm going, I'm going to PAX East.
And I've like, really, I have tickets.
I, I actually just bought a regular ticket.
I decided I didn't want to do the media thing because a, PAX doesn't really do much for
media.
And that's fine.
I totally am cool with that.
And I think that's actually the way I wish E3 was that way.
Um, and so, you know, I just, I'm just, I'm going as a gamer, as a fan and you know, just
like the rest of you and, and don't really want to have to work through all of the packs.
So, uh, I'm just going to have fun.
So I'll be around at the show.
I'm going to try.
When the schedule comes out, I will try to find like a gaming lounge time, maybe with
the DS game I enjoy, uh, that I'll go be at.
And I'll let you guys know more about that when it gets a little closer to the show.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Good day, sir.
This is Lieutenant South, tell me of USS Takahashi.
I'm pressing permission to come aboard.
Are you a Star Trek Online addict as well?
Yeah, I just picked it up last night.
It's Ron Matt, everyone.
Yes.
Hi, how you doing?
Sir, you getting the lag too?
Not really.
Because it's, I mean, I don't think it's my graphics card.
I think it's their servers, but I had to wait in the queue of 118 and it takes like five,
you know, five whole seconds to move in any direction.
I have not had that problem at all.
And mind you, my video card is like almost three years old.
Yeah, mine's actually just under what the correct one is supposed to be.
And, but it's seriously, they say they're supposed to be increasing server capacity,
but they haven't yet.
I don't know.
I just haven't had that problem at all.
It may also be the difference in locations that we're at too, because right now I've
been, I just hit memory alpha and my character's all like running all over the place and there's
a ton of people there.
So maybe it has to do with location too.
I believe so.
So is this what you called in to talk about tonight at Star Trek Online or?
Well, that too.
That too.
Um, first thing I want to talk about, something from a couple of podcasts in the, before you
mention about how it's possible for Steam to sell so many games at dirt cheap prices.
Yes.
I believe I have the answer for that.
Please.
Okay.
I used to work in a video store and we would rent games, so on and so forth.
Once the rental of the game got to a certain point, we could sell it at a price because
all the rentals made the money back on the purchase of the game.
My thing is with Steam, once they have this game, they sell it at that price.
Once they've made the money back on selling the game, they can just cut the price to as
cheap as they want and that shares extra cash for them.
But I would still think that the deals are based on percentages of sales.
That seems kind of odd that, you know, that it would work based on, you know, how much
of it sells, I guess.
I get what you're saying.
It makes sense.
But I don't know.
I think maybe the whole like retail strategy to digital distribution seems a little apples
to oranges.
I mean, you could be right though.
I mean, because when we rent these games, like there was one game, you know, we have
like five copies of Mortal Kombat, three of them will be selling for like $30 and two
will be selling for, I'd say, $40 because of the rental turnaround rate on those games.
I mean, if they get a game, they sell at this price, they make the money back off of, you
know, the licensing, the rights, the time it costs to be invested into it, and there
you go.
Well, I was also just the mindset, I mean, honestly, I always still kind of think the
reason for the sale is that, you know, assuming it is based off percentages, those companies
are still making $5 off a game they would have made no dollars off of had it not been
on Steam on a huge sale.
You know, some money is better than no money, a long forgotten game that got booted off
of shelves years ago.
So I don't know.
Good thought though.
I mean, anything is possible.
And unfortunately, until we know somebody on the inside at Steam that knows the agreements
of the arrangements, we just won't know.
Yeah, but we can go off of that for the time being.
All right.
Fine.
Anything else?
I just want to say thanks for listening, for taking the chance to listen to my podcast
over the weekend.
I have to admit I downloaded it, but I didn't listen to it yet, but I will.
That's fine, that's fine.
And if you're looking for good titles, I recommend Kidu Tenshi Angelic Layer.
It's free on Netflix right now.
What are some good animes based off of video games?
Remember Tower Jiraga, that old video game?
I do.
That's become an anime.
I believe it's been licensed.
Interesting.
Well, they had kind of a renaissance of that game a while ago, too.
There's a new Jiraga game, I think, on PS2.
That makes sense.
Yeah.
Very interesting.
One other quick question I have for you.
A movie I saw at the video store that looked hilarious, and I don't know, maybe Jamie knows
of this, too.
Apparently, it was a...
And I can't remember the name of it, but apparently it was a Japanese movie directed by the same
guy who did Ichi the Killer, and it was advertised as, um, The Sound of Music meets Dawn of the
Dead.
That, I don't know, but I believe the director was Takahashi Mike or Miike.
It looked hilarious from the box art, and I was wondering before I go out and either
spend money on that or obtain it through questionable means, if it was worth my time.
Um, anything along those lines of Ichi the Killer, I keep hearing is well worth the purchase.
I'm actually using a website I should have used a long time ago and looking up Ichi the
Killer on...
The Hills Are Alive with Sound?
It has another name to it, though.
That's like the little tagline, I think, to the...
It's, um...
The Family Something was the name of it.
The Happiness of the Katakris?
Yes, that's it.
That's the name of it.
That I've not heard of.
The Hills Are Alive with the Sound of Screaming?
The Sound of Music Meets Stone of the Dead.
That was it.
That was the box I saw.
It's awesome because it does look exactly like, uh...
It made me lol for real.
Alright, that'd be awesome.
Alright, well maybe somebody else will call in later and tell me about that.
Alright, Ramo, we're gonna let you go so we can get more calls, but thank you as always,
and hey, have fun on Star Trek, okay?
I will.
Calm out.
1-877-GAMEL-OR.
At first I was like, was that a Seacrest Out thing?
But no, I forgot they do that in Star Trek.
1-877-GAMEL-OR.
Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
We'll take maybe one more call, I don't know.
We'll see how it goes.
Uh, Loki, I keep cutting you off, but we'll see how far we can get before we get another...
Oh, never mind.
We got another call.
I know.
You can try.
Psych!
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
Uh, it's the one and only Legend of Zaku.
Well, how are you doing, Legend of Zaku?
Recovering from almost a hangover this morning.
Nice.
Were you drinking before noon?
What's going on?
No, it was basically last night's drinking.
Oh, I see.
Um, let's just say that I drank to the point where I, I drank into places where, into a,
into a boundary.
Okay, okay.
You've got to stop, stop typing during the show.
Seriously.
You can't type right now.
Go ahead.
All right.
But yeah, I just wanted to bring up that whole, that whole harmonic speculation about, you
know, the licenses.
Oh yes, please.
Um, basically, the way I see it is that Konami, the only thing they have going for them right
now is lawyers.
In other words, they sued Roxer over ITG and they managed to win that case single-handedly
and, and got their franchise.
Because it was a complete rip-off of DDR.
I, I hate to say it, but they had a right.
And you could probably say the same thing for whatever Harmonics is doing with whatever
they, we think they're doing with the, with those licenses.
Right, it's going to be a rip-off of Beatmania because that's exactly what DJ Hero was, except
it wasn't.
And so, you know, really, I think with a DJ game, assuming that's what they're doing,
we don't even know what the hell they're doing.
They could be doing, you know, Rockman stuff.
I mean, who knows?
Exactly.
I mean, Harmonics still has, uh, amplitude and frequency.
Where did, didn't that make them famous before, before the whole, the whole Rockman thing?
Harmonics was also not sued over Guitar Hero because the look and feel from Guitar Freaks
was completely different.
Whereas with IT in the groove, it, the look and feel was the exact same as DDR.
I mean, right on down to the backgrounds and animations and, and pretty much the way the
arrows looked.
They added mines.
Woo!
You know what I mean?
Well, we also have to keep in mind that, uh, I mean, you could have said the same thing
for Pump It Up.
Wasn't that almost a rip-off of DDR with those arrows?
I think though that went back, I want to say Konami and Amiro made an agreement many years
ago because Pump It Up was actually first.
But anyhow, I don't want to rehash that old news.
I get it though.
Okay.
So, so the lawyers in, in litigation is how Konami keeps their franchises going.
Well, that all depends on how, how, you know, how harmonics is actually going to approach
this, whether or not they're actually going to reinvent the same four panel dance, dance
paradigm that we've seen for, for more than a decade or they're going to go into a new
direction.
Chances are, you know, if I was a betting man, I would say, I would say the latter just
because they're pretty good at innovating, pretty good at innovating within, you know,
within rhythm.
You know, and all, here's the thing though, all of this is speculation though.
I mean, they could be licensing these songs for rock band for some weird little pop expansion
they're doing.
We don't know.
You know, it could be nothing.
I don't see those songs in particular being something that, that would blend well with
rock band, you know, completely.
The way I see it is that they're going to do something, they're, they're doing something
outside of rock band with that.
Or rock band three is, is something we haven't thought of yet.
I think PAX East is probably going to give us some clues because, you know, Harmonics
is a huge, Harmonics is in Boston.
This is happening in their backyard.
So this is the perfect place for them to make an announcement.
I think Harmonics is the kind of company that will drop a bomb at PAX East.
See, I would love to, to go and see it for myself, but since I was, since I was unemployed
and up until last week, there was no way, there was no way I would have gotten tickets
well in advance.
Well congratulations on, uh, getting employment though, that's, that's good news, all things
considered.
Right.
But I guess, I guess time will tell to, you know, on what's going to happen, whether or
not they make good use of those licenses.
Exactly.
And keep in mind, I will be, you know, whatever Harmonics puts out, if they do bring it to
PAX East and I get a chance to get my grubby little hands on it, I will give it my critical
eye with my music games background and I'll, I'll let y'all know.
Right.
Of course.
Just try to make sure you don't want to, don't give them the benefit of the doubt.
Try to, well try to like, uh, you know, add, press them on some hard questions, obviously
not, you know, not treading into NDA stuff, but, but just try to like, challenge them
that they, that they're trying to sell you on something that's, that you think is not
going to be revolutionary.
I'll do my best.
All right, Zaku, uh, any other thoughts here before we, uh, let you go?
Um, don't, don't drink a 40 ounce of liquor because all it, all that's going to do is
create, all it's going to do is purge your stomach.
It happened to me last night.
Some sage advice.
Have a good one, Zaku.
Right.
Later.
We'll go ahead and take one more call if someone wants to call in 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username
on Skype is ORANGELOUNGERADIO.
Loki, anything to tide us over?
250 gigabyte hard drives coming out in Japan in March.
Yay.
Probably over here eventually.
Uh, here's a good one.
Sonic the Hedgehog is rumored to be playable in Mario Galaxy 2.
Kind of going back to what we were talking about in part A.
Where if Sonic the Hedgehog 4 fails, then Sonic will just be a Nintendo character.
There you go.
There you go.
Uh, let's see, there's a Dish Network channel that's going to be dedicated to Tetris.
You can play it on your TV.
Didn't that come up a few weeks ago, or maybe that was the show that didn't happen, I don't
remember.
I don't remember.
I don't remember something about...
No, there was a new Tetris game in development, but it wasn't, it's not the Dish Network thing,
it was something about somebody was making a new Tetris.
I wonder if the two are related.
I don't know.
Possibly.
It's going to cost you $2.99 a month.
Really, just play it free online, you don't need to play it on your TV.
Play it on anything else.
Anything else.
Um, according to Game Informer, and I got my magazine today, LA Noire is no longer a
PS3 exclusive.
Oh, it's hitting the Xbox 360 as well.
Ugh, another one, lost.
That's too bad.
That would be pretty cool, whenever the hell it comes out.
Long ways away.
Speaking of something else that's not an exclusive anymore, High Voltage was bringing a brand
new game, The Grinder, which is going to be a supernatural first person shooter game,
originally going to be a Wii exclusive, however now it's coming to Xbox 360, PlayStation 3,
and PC as well.
And it will probably look way better than the Wii version anyways.
Last call, by the way, for phone calls, 1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype is orange-lantredio,
if you want to call into the show, it's an empty line right now, Super Bowl Sunday's
a good day when everybody's distracted.
And Cracked In 2 had a contest to have fans submit user-made graffiti.
And one of the pictures that got, I guess, won, was of these two male agents making out.
Which is pretty awesome.
Interesting.
Huh.
I, okay, whatever, hey.
That's all I have.
That's it.
Alright.
I, oh, we just in the nick of time got another call, let's take this and then we'll wrap
it all up.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio, who's this?
Hey, this is X-Link.
Hey, X-Link, what's on your mind, buddy?
Hey, I'm glad to, I was reading Kotaku earlier on today and realized that they're coming
out with a new version of Blaster Master come tomorrow, everywhere.
I know, well, did you listen to Part A tonight?
We had a joygasm over it in Part A. Oh, did you, I'm sorry, I was having, we were having
some issues.
Yeah, we know, Super Bowl, blah, blah, blah.
No, no, no, no, nothing with Super Bowl at all, it was with the step-kids.
Alright, well, okay, fair enough.
What is on your mind, though, at least about the Blaster Master game, what are your thoughts
on it?
I'm going to think, I looked over the video they had out on YouTube and I, yeah, I gazzled
myself pretty much because this was one of the first games I got back when I had my NES
and I buy it with my own money and I absolutely loved it.
In fact, I had the World of Power book.
It was so good.
Oh, those novels by, like, FX9 and stuff?
Yes, yes, I have a bunch of them.
Fuck yes, I had that one, too.
And the Simon's Quest book, both were epic.
I think I had the Metal Gear one, too.
Yeah, I was missing this, too, because a lot of my books were burnt down, a lot of my old
school stuff for the games that I had, my PS1 games, a lot of those, I had back in my
mom's apartment when I was going from Orlando, Florida to Melbourne, Florida, a lot of stuff
got burnt down.
There was an arson in my mom's apartment and a lot of that stuff got burnt down, so I had
to go online and re-find the books, which, a lot of books I got, but the Simon's Quest
and the Metal Gear are, if you have them in good condition, are really valuable and really
hard to find.
A lot of the text, though, at least, is available online.
You can read a lot of those novels online.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's not the same thing, you know, collectors and all that, but I do, just, like, complete
random-ass fact about those books, and for those that don't know what we're talking about,
the World of Power were these books that they wrote about old NES games, but since a lot
of the 8-bit video games didn't really have stories that made for very good books, a lot
of times the authors would kind of add their own stuff to it, like, for instance, I believe
the plot about Castlevania 2 had to do with some kid, like, warping himself into that
world.
Like, it wasn't even really about Simon Belmont, but somebody-
To no end the Game Master.
Rip-off!
His little sidekick.
But there were some extra characters in Blaster Master to make that story work, too, and here's
the interesting thing.
I believe one of the characters was Eve, which was, I think, like, the name of the car or
something, or, like, was one of the robot characters.
They actually, the programmers of Blaster Master, made Eve, they wrote her into the
official canon, and she was in the Game Boy game.
And it's also from part two, from what I understand.
I believe there was an actual part two for Blaster Master, and they brought the actual
plot line from the book into the game.
I think that was kind of neat, so, because Blaster Master was one of the better books.
And also, the covers, a lot of times the covers were different from the actual game covers
from the video game.
That's right, because they took out, like, the gun from the Metal Gear cover, and they,
yeah, I remember that.
I remember that.
I remember that one.
Yeah, so.
But the kids' book, I mean, come on.
Good times down memory lane, good times.
They need to bring back those books, although I guess they do have them to some extent.
Like, there's books about Halo, tons of books about World of Warcraft.
Well, they're always bringing back, like, the Chijo Adventures.
I couldn't see why they couldn't do it.
I mean, you know, get the permission from the people and, you know, redo it, I mean.
All right.
But no, I was just mostly, I know you guys, you were looking for some calls, so it's called
about that.
And I was the guy really giddy about that, because I, you know, I had a lot of my old
school games, you know, like Blaster Master, you know, it was one of the first ones.
Of course, Castlevania was in there, I want to.
Castlevania II, I remember spending hours on it.
I'm giddy, too.
I wish it was on PS3.
Always burning out my friends, Nintendo, NES, because we had it on for 18 hours straight
because we didn't want to turn it off, and, you know, we wanted to go through and beat
the game, so.
I'm excited, but I'm trying very hard not to get too excited that I don't want to set
the expectations too high for this game, I'm just going to set the bar, like, somewhere
in the middle.
Because, you know, I don't want to get too excited and then be disappointed, you know
what I mean?
No, I hear you.
I hear you.
I'd be one of those things, like, you get all gung-ho about it, and it's like, ah, man,
when the heck did I do this in the first place?
Exactly.
All right, well, X-Link, we're going to let you go so we can wrap up the show, but thank
you so much for the call, and, you know what, actually, when you called, like, about two
other people called in at the same time, so you lucked out, so congrats.
No problem.
Thanks, man.
I appreciate it.
All right, that is going to do it for the Skypline tonight, and I apologize to those
folks that didn't get through, but if you do want to still interact with the show, remember,
we do take Twitter topics every week, we do take emails every week, you know what, any
way you can figure out on the internet on all of our various websites to contact us,
we will probably consider reading it on the show if you find us on one of those many,
many websites.
I'm going to go ahead and let Loki finish up any last minute stories he has while we
go ahead and shut down the Skypline.
This is kind of old news, I guess.
I've never heard of it, so I'm going to mention it.
Apparently there is a fan project, I guess an independent game, if you will, that is
called Terrordrome, and basically it's a fighting game featuring only horror movie characters.
I've not heard of this either, interesting.
So you've got Freddy, you've got Jason from the Friday the 13th movies, you actually have
Ash in there as well, Chucky, lots of cool characters, oh here's the full list, oh it's
under construction, thank you, but they do have a demo available online, I guess, that
you can download, it's awesome, and I'll have to check that out.
But if you want to check it out, it's at Terrordrome-thegame.com.
That's it.
Alright.
I had to link something in the chat room that has nothing to do with video games.
But you thought you'd link it anyway, it's all good, what is it?
Come have a look, it's actually this right here.
I'm a big type nerd, and I like that there's this garage where they actually manage to
get it, where if you're looking right from a certain angle, everything is perfectly aligned.
But as you go through, you see they've actually painted it all the way across.
That is pretty nerdy, I gotta say.
It's one of those optical illusions.
But also, when I look at games, I've actually been paying more attention to how they're
designed, you know, the look and feel of them, and I think that has a lot to do with that.
You know, you have to know your way around everything.
Alright.
Uh, Loki, I still see you playing on the YouTube there, did you get your thing fixed, or what
did you do?
Um, I argued saying that it was under fair use.
Oh, and it, the audio's back!
Nice.
Oh, look at that, see, arguing works.
I hope you don't get our account closed.
No, yeah.
So anyways, the new video that I posted online is now working, so if you want to go check
it out, please do it quickly, because I don't know how long they'll leave it up there.
And next week, next week we may not have an Orange Lounge Radio YouTube account, so enjoy
it while it lasts.
Who gives a crap?
We'll make a new one.
Alright.
But yes, check it out now!
Cool.
Uh, I have a quick last minute, sort of like, update.
Every year at Orange Lounge Radio, our friends over at Understation Live do their March Madness,
but now they call it, I think they just call it, uh, USL Madness, because it doesn't always
happen in March, but all the, you might remember a few weeks ago, we got some phone calls,
they were collecting the top 25 games, well they compiled that and they got the first
brackets up.
So some of the games are now doing battle, so if you want to check that out, go to Orange
Lounge Radio, and go to our forums, and you'll see there's a whole forum for March Madness,
and it says 2009 because we can't figure out how to update it, but it actually is all the
posts for 2010, and you can see all the brackets, and you can vote in the first round, but voting
closes tomorrow night, Monday night.
So you can choose, like, for instance, I'll read a few of these matchups that are going
on right now, Civilization versus Time Crisis, which is better, uh, Halo 2 versus Para Para
Paradise, Contra versus Final Fantasy X, and one of my favorites, Final Fantasy versus
Final Fantasy VIII, that's right, it just so happened the two Final Fantasies are doing
battle for each other, and when I voted Final Fantasy VIII was winning and I was pissed,
I was like, how can people vote for Craptacular VIII over the original?
I don't get it, but Final Fantasy I is currently winning and I feel much better.
So there you go, go check that out, but that's only going to be good till Monday night, so
if you're listening on the podcast, it might be too late, but you can go vote in the next
round and have your voice heard on what is truly the best video game of all time, according
to the OLR network.
Alright, um, that's going to do it for another week here at Orange Lounge Radio, I know we're
done a little bit early tonight, but, um, that's the way it goes sometimes, sometimes
we have a lot to say, sometimes we don't have as much to say, so we're going to wrap it
all up and get on out of here for the night.
But first, we gotta go around and get everybody's final thought, and I'll start with my final
thought tonight.
My final thought is, I should, like, go to the arcade or something, play some arcade
games, that would be fun.
I haven't been in a while.
That sounds like fun.
It does sound like fun.
Maybe after moving.
Uh, DarkSakurai, your final thought?
Typography is life.
And Loki, your final thought?
It's really funny how- Your mic's off.
It's really funny how my mic was off, um, no, that, uh, just a simple little, uh, instructional
guide on eHow can get your YouTube video back up even though it has copyright music in it.
Let's hope it's there next week, we'll see, but, uh, one thing I hope to see next week
is all of you.
Uh, thank you guys so much for tuning into and supporting independent podcasting.
Hey, if you like what you heard, all we ask, tell a couple friends about the show, tell
a couple enemies about the show if you want, just tell people about the show, help us with
word of mouth because that is the only way we get to promote.
We don't have a multimillion dollar website or magazine or video game company behind us.
We are all about the independent word of mouth.
That's how we've been kept empowered over the past eight years that we've been doing
this show.
Whew.
All right, we'll be back to do it all again next week.
It is Valentine's Day.
Who knows what's going to happen next week.
So, uh, tune in.
Until then, uh, that does it for another week here at Orange Lounge Studios.
Have a great week.
We'll be back next Sunday for more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Right anyway.
See you next week.
