Tonight, February 28th, 2010.
Which country has banned heavy rain?
A date is announced for the Final Fantasy XIV beta, and a Nintendo Press event brings
us a barrage of Wii and DS news.
Hello, my friends, and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio, that talk show
on the internet, live every Sunday night, dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming
culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
It is the show where every gamer has a voice.
We do tape live every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern time
at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com, right after the Bobby Black Wolf Show.
A big thanks to them for letting us steal their bandwidth every single week.
My name is Rob Roberts, joining you over the next few hours, I'll say hello to the one
and only DarkSakura.
Meh.
How are you?
Meh.
Meh.
Meh.
I have one thing to say to the California government.
Meh.
Fuck.
I'll get into that in a little bit during housekeeping, absolutely.
If you wonder what she's talking about, and it's not just an unbalanced budget, but there's
other stuff going on, you've probably heard.
I think it's made those water cooler press stories this week.
And boy do we have the response for you, we're gonna get into that in a little bit.
Uh, we do talk games too, right, Techmaster Loki?
Also here joining us every week?
Um, yeah, every now and then.
How you doing, Loki?
I'm doing okay.
I like that, every now and then we do decide to get around to games.
So today was the end of the Olympics, right?
Um, apparently it is.
Are they done?
The closing ceremony?
I guess they're done.
Okay, good, we won't have to compete against them anymore, cause our listener numbers have
been down, cause people gotta watch their curling.
Yay, the office is gonna be back on, that makes me happy.
Alright, all the shows, are you excited about the Tonight Show with Jay Leno?
Oh, I'm not watching that.
Yeah, nobody is.
Alright, uh.
Yeah, I'm boycotting him.
Nobody with any taste is.
My grandma's happy, I'll tell you that.
Alright, let's get into our gaming weeks.
Yes, once in a while we do talk about video games here, and we let the gamers have a voice
in our chat room, chat.orangelauntrady.com, but don't worry, if you're not listening live,
if you're listening on the podcast feed, there are a million billion ways to communicate
with the show.
If there's a social network for it, we're probably on it somewhere.
Uh, the Twitters, the Facebooks, we take emails every week.
All of it.
And phone calls a little later on too, so uh, yeah, we'll look forward to chatting with
you guys.
Uh, let's get into our gaming weeks though.
Let's actually bring it to games, video games.
What have you been playing this week, Dark Sakura?
Um, not really much of anything, I really haven't had any time.
I've been, had a very, very busy week.
I've played a little, actually no I didn't, I actually played any Star Trek Online this
week, I don't think.
So.
Wow, are you okay?
Are you feeling okay?
Real life.
Well, that happens.
I've had lots of homework to do and lots of, you know, responsibilities to take care of,
so I haven't really played anything.
Well, you gotta take a break once in a while.
Although I've tried to play my Sims 3 and it probably hates my mod, so I have to reinstall
it, so whatever.
Well, Loki, how about you, have you been playing anything this week?
Um, just a lot of Borderlands, um, I've been trying to go through and finish Mad Moxie's
Underdome and unfortunately didn't get a chance to do that because the ones I'm on now are
the 20 round matches, which, each round has 5 waves in it and it takes forever, so, unfortunately
I made it only through 7 rounds before I realized I'm not gonna be able to finish it in the
time that I had, so I quit that and played a little bit more just the standard campaign
now, but I'm almost maxed out as far as, um, you know, my level goes.
But I am kind of trying to collect some weapons and stuff because, you know, I downloaded
the new expansion, um, and unfortunately the new expansion kills any mods that you have,
so can't use my modded weapons as cool as they are, so I just have to find something,
you know, newer ones to use, but, I mean you can still mod weapons, you just can't go crazy
with them now, you can't put like shotgun parts on a pistol or, you know, rocket launch
parts on a machine gun or whatever, you just have to keep it within the rules of the game,
so I don't know, it'll be fun.
Um, and then of course, more Grand Theft Auto and, uh, doing well on that, still trying
to move up the leaderboards and, uh, I broke 200 now for cumulative, uh, ranked death matches
and I'm, I think, almost like in the 60's for, uh, true skill rankings, so, it's going
pretty well, I'll be up there pretty soon.
The only problem is though, is those guys that are actually in the top of the true skill
ranks, they tend not to want to play games, um, that they're losing, apparently they drop
out and so it doesn't, their rank doesn't go down.
So I actually did run into some people, I actually ran into the number one player and
like the number six player and both of them did not want to play me, which is too bad
because I would have kicked the crap out of them.
That's it, that's why I'm playing this week.
And you still have a cold, you were sick last week and you're still sick.
Yeah.
Are you feeling okay?
Um.
Do you need some medication?
No, I'm fine, I took two days off this week and that's where I play a lot Borderlands,
and did other things, but uh, you can't really go into that because a wife would not be happy.
Alright then, fine, uh, okay, my gaming week, actually I had a week similar to Jamie's where
a lot of real life stuff is coming into play.
I'm still working on the whole moving thing, which will be done like tomorrow, so thankfully.
But I did play a little bit, I did get into World of Warcraft of course, my boyfriend
and I have been leveling together, I helped him kind of get started with the character,
actually no, I take that back, he started the character and by the time it got to about
level 21, I don't remember, 23, somewhere in there, we started leveling together and
now we just hit 50 this weekend, so yay to leveling.
It's kind of fun to have somebody to always play WoW with, it's cool.
You know, I'm really trying to get as much Borderlands in this week, because I have a
feeling I'm going to have Final Fantasy 13 by the end of this week, and oh my god, everything's
going to stop.
Wait, wait, wait, is your connections getting that early, because I want to place an order
if so.
I don't know if we have extras, but I will check, that's for sure.
You can count on me coming over on Saturday if that's the case, oh no, I'm going to be
out of town this weekend, oh well, Monday, Monday for sure.
Alright, well anyway, all that stuff aside, yeah, I'm very excited about Final Fantasy
13, I was very busy with movies, I didn't play a lot, but I did have one night earlier
this week, I just decided to have a retro 360 arcade night for the heck of it, because
I was joking on last week's show that, you know, we had this story where it came up at
some point during the show that the former Midway games had all disappeared from Xbox
Live, Joust and Smash TV, so I had a night where I just decided to play a bunch of retro
games, I went in, I played Joust, I went in, I played, I don't think I actually played
Smash TV, I started playing Jyris for a while, for some weird reason, like, well, it's not
a weird reason, I just really love that game, it's one of my favorite shooters from the
80s.
I actually beat my former high score, which isn't very good, I need to work on it.
You know, Jyris, and a lot of the old arcade games admittedly, is all about memorization,
like knowing where the ships come from in every wave, so I just really need to kind
of work on it for a little while, but I got a better score, so that made me happy.
I think I beat my score on another old game too, and I can't remember which one it was,
I don't remember if it was Time Pilot or, no, I think it was like Tempest, again though,
my score is still not very good, I need to work on it.
Yeah, as I mentioned, you know, one of the things I did while I was sick is worked on
something that my wife would not like, and that is I'm building up parts of Arcade Cabinet
for work, so that's actually coming along pretty well, it looks pretty nice.
But I'm excited because today, actually, they released the new version of Hyperspin, which
is the frontend I use for my cabinet, and the thing I like about the new one the best
is they have a way to add games to your favorites list, really simple, and that's going to make
cutting down the list of 5,000 games to what I'm actually going to play a whole lot faster
than I was doing it before, so I'm actually going to be downloading that probably when
I get home, and I'm going to go through my cabinet and get it all ready to go, but actually
I put a second brand new graphics card into it so that I could play BlazBlue Continuum
Shift at full speed, and I can now, and it's awesome, but for some reason, an IOMI version
of Marvel is Capcom 2 still has slowdowns in it, but it's not by my computer because
it's certainly fast enough, so.
Let me ask kind of like a random MAME question, because I'm going to be honest, I haven't
played MAME, the Arcade Emulator, in quite a long time.
Did it ever get to the point where, like, it does more things online, like the exchange
of high scores or like an online leaderboard or something?
Because I really see that as being some of the big appeal of Game Room to me, the legitimate
MAME or whatever you want to call it, I think it's really cool that I'm going to have leaderboards
with friends and, you know, some of that medals and achievements element.
MAME is just flat out emulating the old games, right?
They didn't add any frills to it?
They didn't really add any frills to it, you can get ones that'll do different things,
but it's mainly they're just looking for the actual arcade emulation that, you know, using
just your processor and, you know, no, you know, using your graphics card for anything.
As far as playing stuff online with each other, they don't really have that.
And I can understand, you know, the high scores and stuff, that'd be kind of tough.
I mean, they do have patches now that will save your high scores, but nothing that you
can play online with each other.
They may have, like, you know, there's other programs out there like MESS or Misfit MAME,
which will run all sorts of hacked games.
Maybe those will have, you know, some sort of online play or something, but MAME does not.
Honestly, it does make sense, though, that there's not a lot of frills, because MAME is
sort of in that really gray area of legality as it is.
I mean, there's nothing wrong with the MAME program itself, but it's the fact that, you
know, the ROMs are not legal, except for a handful, you know, there have been a few that
the original creators of the game have come back and said, yeah, that was like 25 years
ago and we're not going to make any money off of it, so we hereby release it in the
public domain.
Woohoo, have fun.
There have been a handful of those games.
So I think if MAME were to come in and say, oh, we're going to implement this online leaderboard
for this game, it would really kind of start to push the boundaries of the gray area of
legality that it's in.
It'd be tough to do it, and it'd be tough to make sure people aren't cheating in it,
and just...
True.
It'd just be too difficult.
But I do believe, actually, that I think Macaron or maybe Demul, one of the Dreamcast emulators,
is actually doing online.
You can play multiplayer over, like, the internet.
No, that's cool.
And I know those do Niomi games, so like Marvel vs. Capcom 2 or...
Did they ever perfect it on the NES or Super Nintendo, because I remember some of those
old, old emulators, like, I want to say, like, Nesticle, even, if you remember that one,
and Zessness had internet play, but it was kind of wonky.
Did they ever perfect that?
I think those have gotten better.
I don't know.
I don't play over the internet with that stuff.
The same with MAME.
I mean, it's my, my cabinet, unfortunately, the motherboard in it's really cheap, and
so anytime I overclock it, the ethernet stops working, so...
Well, I've always said I would love Nintendo's Virtual Console if it was on Xbox Live.
That's what I've always said about Virtual Console.
We're going to get into this more later, but I'm honestly surprised at the release schedule
that they have right now, so maybe they are coming around, I mean, because that's basically
all the games that they announced at E3 coming out before E3 this year, so it's like, okay,
clean slate, what are you going to announce for the rest of the year, you know?
Yeah, we'll get into that a little bit, though.
Before we get into the gaming news, let me do some housekeeping tonight.
We don't have a whole lot of housekeeping here in house, but something Dark Soccer referenced
a little earlier in the show, I just kind of wanted to share this and throw this out
there with you guys, apparently the California State Assembly passed a measure this week
that is going to support anti-swearing week, or what do they call it, no cussing week,
right?
The first week of March.
Yeah, something like that.
So starting Monday, because today's the last day of February, believe it or not, so starting
Monday, it is no cuss week in California.
So if you so much as say fuck out loud, you're going to get hauled off to jail.
No, okay, it's not really like that.
What it is, I don't know, some kid in a club in California started this no cussing club,
and it caught on amongst all these people that think if you cuss, then clearly you're
not intelligent because only unintelligent people have to fill their vocabulary with
cuss words, blah, blah, blah, I don't know, something along those lines.
So somehow this got all the way to the State Assembly.
While we are in the midst of a budget crisis, yet again, mind you, and we can't even go
to the DMV anymore because we're not even sure when they're actually open, because they're
closed half the time.
Anyway, sorry, I don't want to get on the political tangent here too much.
So they found time to pass this resolution to support the no cussing week, and they're
encouraging that everybody should keep a swear jar, and if you say fuck or damn or whatever,
you should put in 25 cents into the swear jar.
So yeah, and you should donate this to charity, to Haiti or probably Chile now, and obviously
our thoughts to everybody who was affected by that recent thing, and I don't have a problem
with donating to charity, but I think I have a little bit of a problem with the government
endorsing something that sort of infringes on freedom of speech.
I mean, call me crazy, and if you look at this dude's website for the no cussing club,
they're selling books, they're selling charters on how to start your own club, gee, the guy's
profiting off this idea.
Are they taxing him?
I hope so.
Well, you know what, you can't knock him for profiting off of it because if people are
dumb enough to pay him for it, then whatever.
I mean, that's what capitalism is built on, profiting off the stupid, so why not?
I'm sorry, again, I don't mean to get on the political train, but this does affect video
games because this is the home of Silicon Valley and where a lot of the games are made,
so you know, if the state goes belly up, so are a lot of your favorite game publishers.
Well they're already written.
I'm sorry, but this non-cussing week is about as, okay, now I don't even want to compare
it to that because this, you know, god damn it if I make fun of Talk Like a Pirate Day,
but I mean, as far as non-cussing week goes, it is about, you know, as, as, uh...
Well, but Talk Like a Pirate Day has not been endorsed by the state of California.
Talk Like a Pirate Day is an internet meme-y, basically, that's gone crazy.
Yeah, exactly.
Is it a 4chan thing?
It might as well be.
You know, it's one of those things.
But, I mean, it's basically about, you know, that important as far as, I mean, and I would
say even less important than Talk Like a Pirate Day because that's actually kind of cool,
but um, you know, it's about that important, like, you know, no one's gonna care.
I mean, they're not doing anything.
They're not punishing you for not cussing.
Most people don't even know that this is even happening.
Who cares?
Uh, comment from our chat room, Tigerclaw, and chat says, you know, this sucks for those
who do podcasts that live in California.
They won't be able to cuss on their show either, lol.
Hold on.
Hold on.
This is just an assembly thing that supports no cussing week.
Nobody can stop me from saying fuck, that's my first amendment right.
I can say fuck and I can say cunt and whole lots of worse words I can think of.
I can say them and nobody can take that right away because I live in America, which is great.
But I'm glad you brought that up because next week's show will fall during no cussing week.
So I do want to point out, we here at OLR, we do have our plan and we are going to bring
you, OLR presents our no cussing week show next week.
So we're looking very much forward to that.
So stay tuned.
So OLR celebrates no cussing week in the state of California next week.
It'll be fun.
But why are we giving them more fuel for, you know, their fire, you know what I mean?
It'll be fun.
We like to challenge ourselves here at Orange Lounge Radio.
Let's challenge ourselves with some video game news tonight, Loki.
I don't want to fucking do it.
Sorry, I have to get that out of there.
So this is kind of interesting.
Apparently the PS3 developers have now 70 megabytes of additional RAM unlocked to be
able to use in their games.
Sony apparently has been upgrading the PS3 over the past few months and doing so they've
dropped the OS's memory footprint from 120 megabytes to 50 megabytes and basically allowing
the system to use less RAM and therefore being able to pass on the RAM to other developers.
Now, is that going to really make a difference?
Probably not.
I mean, it'll help, you know, they want to optimize their code as much.
But you know, as PS3 developers have basically said, any bit of RAM helps.
So neat.
Yeah, I guess a little bit of RAM is better than none, but well, I mean, sorry, obviously
there is RAM in the system as it is, but you know what I mean?
The more RAM, the merrier.
But how is it that this console's been out for so long and now they're saying, hey, we've
unlocked this hidden RAM?
Is it just because they've optimized?
Yeah, they've just optimized their operating system.
They basically found new ways to do it for things and now, because it's optimized, they
don't need as much RAM.
But yeah, I wouldn't expect that suddenly all these games are going to have uber better
graphics and all this stuff.
I mean, 70 megs of RAM is not that much and all said and done.
So what, that's going to be like an extra, maybe an extra splish splash in the water
effect or an extra little dangling light somewhere in Silent Hill.
Anything I'm surprised they're not using it for like, you know, more, you know, features
in the operating system, you know, custom soundtracks in all the games, you know, cross
game chat, which I think is still there now, hopefully, you know, video chat or something
like that.
I don't know.
They could be using that RAM for something.
Or I don't know, let's see, these consoles, you know, have been out for a while and put
more RAM in them, you know, like gigs of RAM instead of like half a gig or whatever the
hell's in these.
I know it's not more than a gig.
It's poetic.
But they can't up it after the console's already out because then the games that are released
may not work on the older system.
So it's just like you have a new console out there.
Like remember, like I'm thinking of the Nintendo 64 memory pack.
Like, didn't you have to have that little memory pack in order to play like Majora's
Mask?
Is that a nice game with that?
Some games, yes.
But here's the thing is, like the PSP, they doubled the RAM that they have for their,
well, it's mainly for their web browser, but it can be done.
I mean, all it would do is those games would run smoother.
I see.
But games would still have to be optimized for the lowest common denominator, really.
Yes.
Or else they're going to find themselves in trouble.
But eventually they would phase that out, you know, phase out the old systems and all
right, well, one system that doesn't seem to be getting any upgrades in its near future
is the Nintendo Wii, but that doesn't stop Nintendo from trying to crank out the big,
big games.
And they had a big press event this week.
We're going to focus on the next few stories talking about for a moment.
And of course, some big, big titles coming out of this press event that happened this
week.
Two of them being Mario Galaxy 2 and Metroid Other M. Sounds like Super Mario Galaxy 2
and Metroid Other M are both going to be out mid-year, which was a little bit of a surprise
because I think a lot of us were thinking, even though Other M was shown at last E3,
we were kind of thinking, oh, it's early, it's going to be out this holiday season.
But no, both these games have now been dated for mid-year.
So Mario Galaxy 2, I believe they've said, they've even said like, what, May, I think,
and Metroid Other M is going to be out in June.
Yes.
So June 27th, which is the day after my birthday, I believe.
So, you know, it's kind of exciting these games are coming out so soon, but what's that
mean for the rest of the year?
What big titles does Nintendo have left?
They've already hinted that they're going to announce a new Zelda game that's going
to come out at the end of the year.
I mean, that's basically what's going to happen.
You're going to have a new Zelda game, probably running in the Twilight Princess engine.
And that'll be the new game this year, and everyone will go buck-a-wild over it.
So I guess some of the early impressions are out over these games, and Super Mario Galaxy
2 is pretty much Super Mario Galaxy 1, but some new worlds and new features and things.
Not a lot of differences, though.
It's not like the game has suddenly changed.
I don't think it has to be, I mean, really.
As long as it has B. Mario, who's going to care?
Really it was, you know, it was a good game, so you know, don't really need to change it.
Metroid Other M, on the other hand, finally we're getting some more details out of that,
and it does sound like it's going to be a direct sequel to Super Metroid, which you
know has me excited, because I think Super Metroid's the greatest game they ever made.
So hearing that this is a direct sequel, well, I do also approach that with caution, because
there's a part of me that goes, they could really screw this up.
But apparently they have a whole rendered scene of what happens at the end of Super
Metroid, is how the beginning of Other M starts, and it's all like rendered in the new 2 to
3D type thing.
I guess what happens in the game is that you play a lot of it in 2D, but you can actually
switch to 3D on a button press, which sounds kind of neat.
Is that the first person?
It's like Paper Mario or something, which is interesting.
So I'm certainly excited about Metroid Other M.
If it is mostly a 2D Metroid especially, I'm really excited.
I mean, I'm cool with them throwing some 3D in there a la Paper Mario, and you know, it's
not that Prime was bad, but it's just I love Super Metroid and can't wait to see a game
like that.
So I'm sure we'll see more details on this in the coming months, because this game is
going to be out now.
What, we're looking at March?
This game's out in three months?
Yeah.
Crazy.
So.
And actually we're getting linked to something on YouTube.
I'm hoping this isn't a joke, but it comes from Tiger Claw saying the Metroid Other M
intro video was apparently leaked.
Oh yeah, somebody's got their little camera here at the press conference.
So Tiger Claw just linked this in our chat room.
I'm trying to see, and I apologize because I know video doesn't make for great radio,
but okay, we see nebulas and clouds and all that stuff here.
Let me skip forward a little more in the video.
Now whoever's holding their camera's having to hold it a little low, but we do see kind
of like a rendered Samus in 3D action.
Those graphics look really good, especially for the Wii.
I know Nintendo's hoping this will be the game that changes people's minds.
Oh, there's the baby Metroid from the end of Super Metroid.
Isn't it cute?
And the mother brain.
Oh wow, that, that actually does look pretty impressive.
Oh, remember how the boss shot the laser from her eye and everything?
Interesting.
That's pretty cool.
Oh, whoever leaked that little piece of footage is going to get busted, but that's really
awesome.
That's cool.
If you want to check that out, the YouTube user that has this video posted right now
is MetroidBlaster127.
That's where we're, where we got linked to by our chat room.
I got to say, maybe this will be the game that changes people's minds on the Wii.
I don't know.
Well, or it's not necessarily my mind needs to be changed because Nintendo does put out
like that one or two awesome games a year.
If this does well, let's say a Team Ninja Zelda game or a Team Ninja Mario game.
Or just a third party with a sacred Nintendo franchise.
Or a Team Ninja Smash Brothers game.
Ah, hot.
That'd be very hot.
So we'll see.
That'll be out in June.
Unfortunately it's not going to be HD because the Wii doesn't support it, but...
Who cares?
It's good.
Yeah, it's, I got to say for 480p it still looks really good.
So we'll see.
We will see.
Well, let's move on with some more gaming news.
Dark Sakura.
Well, this is about the DSi XL.
We've got a date and a price for it.
It looks like it's going to be out on March 28th, going to be $190 and I'm pretty sure
I don't know if I'm going to get one.
Aren't they saying that a new DS is kind of rumored for E3 this year?
Like that could be one of the things that they announce?
Yeah, it's supposed to be one for $189.99.
I'm going to laugh if they do release a new one right after they do this.
Well, I know we've gotten into this on the show before.
They did the micro after the DS was announced.
I liked my micro.
I honestly don't think that they need to do another DS.
I mean, granted the XL, whatever, they, people might want a larger screen for something.
I don't know, they're kind of posing this as like a secondhand ebook reader or something
like that.
In fact, I think one of the new pieces of software they're going to have with this is
like some sort of classic novel collection or something like that.
That could be interesting.
I would get that.
And then again, I use my Kindle.
It wasn't this game.
There was actually a, or it wasn't the DSi XL that was necessarily kind of cool.
There was a, I want to say it's a new DSiWare game that's going to be coming out where it's
like a hidden pictures game that you have to search for different letters in this like
scene.
But what's kind of cool about it though is they almost do like a pseudo head tracking
with it using the camera.
You actually tilt the system around and the camera changes angles based on how you have
the system tilted.
Why don't they do this technology with like DSi that might make it a lot cooler with new
different games coming out that you have this neat little kind of head tracking technology
built in.
You know, that would be really cool and kind of a way to differentiate themselves with
DSi.
Because right now it's like, eh, it's a DS with a camera.
They don't like to give us what we want.
You know, another big problem with this is the price.
I mean $200, right, or $190 or whatever it is.
Something like that is supposed to be like $20 more than what the DSi is now.
Yeah.
But now you're also talking, you could get a Wii for the same price, right, or at least
an Xbox 360 low end, right, for $199.
So I don't know.
I'm not really sold on, again, why I need the DSi XL.
I don't have a DSi.
I don't have one.
I have the DS Lite, was the last Nintendo system I bought.
And I probably wouldn't have even bought that if I hadn't kind of bought it as like a knee
jerk thing when I was on vacation once.
I would still have my DS back.
This is really dumb that it's coming out for a price point that's higher than the DSi.
Really what they should have done is drop the price of both systems.
Maybe put out the DSi XL at the price of the current DSi and drop the price of the DSi.
But even then it's like, well, do I really need a larger screen?
It doesn't really enhance anything other than the graphics are slightly bigger now.
I don't know.
I think it's kind of unnecessary.
I guess this whole ebook thing you're talking about could be interesting, but is it something
that I would not be able to use on the DSi regular?
No.
No, you wouldn't be able to, but it'd just be slightly bigger on the, you know, and we're
talking slightly bigger.
I mean, it's not like the screen size is like double or triple of what the DSi is.
It's still enough to fit in your pocket, right?
It didn't really give me an impression of being anything that fantastic.
I just, I don't understand the point of this.
Ooh, maybe they're in pretty colors because that would be a big seller as if they're in
like, you know, fabulous pink and sexy lavender.
I don't know what the colors are going to be, but I think from what we've seen in the
pictures is like they have like a wine burgundy color.
Yeah, and another one's bronze.
I'd get a bronze one.
It's so like a third place looking color and then a Franzia looking color.
Really, if you want a DSi in a specific color, there are websites out there that will give
you a DSi in any color you want, or you can go to the Nintendo World store in New York
and they'll give you a DSi color.
I almost did that.
They had like the custom DS cases and this like really there was a sexy metallic green
one.
I kind of wanted, but I resisted.
I didn't buy it almost as you should have because you probably already have a DS and
there's no reason to purchase something because of a color.
There really wasn't, except the fact that it was one of the lights and I didn't have
a light at that time.
So I almost bought that.
I did buy my, now I can't remember which letter is attached to it, my pink one because it
was pink.
I do feel a little...
And I wanted to be different than what people expect.
Mine are very generic.
My DS fat is gray and my DS light is black.
It's not my DS, my old SP, not the SP, the one before that.
But I feel a little ridiculous having both of them at this point.
I'm like, I just need to like sell one of these, but who'd buy it?
Do what we do.
Get another room.
I don't have another room.
I just moved.
I had to downsize.
I don't have as much room as I had before.
I got boxes everywhere still.
I need to get rid of things.
Take my DS to the dump.
All right, let's move on with some more news.
Okay.
So some other interesting stuff that came out of the media summit, Nintendo will be
publishing Dragon Quest IX in North America.
Which is kind of weird if you think about it, because Square Enix is over here.
Why aren't they publishing the game?
But hey, whatever.
It's coming out over here sometime in the summer.
And you know, with Nintendo being the one that's publishing the game, hopefully there'll
be a better marketing campaign behind it.
So maybe that's good.
And because people buy blindly whatever Nintendo puts out, so that's always good.
Another game scheduled for May coming to the DS would be Picross 3D.
And kind of a cool-looking game.
And of course, you know, Picross is kind of a puzzle game where you make a picture.
Well, now it's going to be in three dimensions as well, and you'll break apart cubes to reveal
different little cube animals and objects and stuff.
So that's kind of neat.
Kind of a more niche game, but Sin and Punishment 2, or what's being called over here, Sin and
Punishment Star Successor will be coming out on June 7th.
They had a new trailer for it as well, and it looks all sorts of sexy, and of course
it's a shooter game that will be the sequel to the one that came out on Nintendo 64 way
back in the day.
But not in America.
Not in America, no, that's true.
And looks pretty cool, kind of reminded me of some Panzer Dragon stuff on there.
So and then of course, WiiWare, right around the corner actually, Cave Story will be making
its way out on WiiWare March 22nd with slightly upgraded graphics, and looks kind of neat.
Also there's going to be some download content as well being available, including a new boss
rush and sanctuary time attack mode that will be available to download.
Huh, oh, I guess I take that back.
I misread that.
It was originally announced as download content, now it's being included.
So you get it for free.
Well extra stuff for free is always good.
Definitely.
So, any news that particularly got you excited at the Nintendo conference?
I know we've kind of touched on most of the stuff.
There was some other interesting stuff, like regarding Monster Hunter Tri, or I guess they're
calling it Monster Hunter Tri or whatever, but we'll talk a little bit more about that
later.
Gotcha.
I'm just, I was very interested to see that both Mario Galaxy and Metroid Other M are
coming out in the second quarter, which is really unheard of that they would put both
of those blockbuster games, because it's like, well crap, if you're putting out these two
games now, then what the hell do you have for, you know, holiday?
A new Zelda, OMG!
Oh yeah, it's pretty much a new Zelda game.
Well and then whatever they're going to show at E3 that might be the surprise, but that's
probably the Zelda game that's not much of a surprise at this point.
Remember, and I know I've said this on a show before, but New Super Mario Brothers Wii was
kept under wraps until E3, it was really the surprise.
Because remember the way that whole press conference went, like last year's E3 was supposed
to be kind of like this apology for the year before, and last year's E3, they came out
within five minutes, they were on New Super Mario Brothers Wii, and they're like, hey,
it's a New Super Mario Brothers game that looks and kind of plays like the old school
one, and this is what gamers want, dah dah dah, and guess what, it's out this holiday.
Woohoo!
And that was one of the big things they showed on the floor.
You know, I'm thinking there could be another like Gotcha this year from Nintendo, except
I worry it might be the Zelda game that's already kind of leaked out.
I'm guessing it's going to be like a Pikmin 3, probably the new Zelda game.
Wii Relax, which will be retarded, but it'll probably come out around October-ish, I think
around the same time as Wii Fit Plus did this year, and I think they'll probably treat it
as- Oh, the Vitality?
Yeah, I think they'll probably treat it as much, you know, like the Wii Fit Plus.
Not a lot of, I mean, probably not going to do as well as Wii Fit, you know, in general.
I just don't see the need for that little Vitality sensor, but whatever.
It would be really cool though, is to do like a new Zelda game, but like, you know, like
new Super Mario Brothers style, where it's old school Zelda, but like four player and
teaming up.
So, the four swords.
Something like that, yeah.
I want a lethargy sensor.
How about a Wii Vitality sensor that shocks you?
You're not moving!
Clear!
Fang!
Or just something like when you screw up in the game, it gives you a little bite of electricity
or something.
I don't know.
Could be fun.
Maybe a new Wario War game.
That could be, or the fanboy in me would love to see an F-Zero game come out of nowhere.
Oh god, that'd be awesome.
I'm not going to hold my breath though, but that would be the whoa crap game for me.
I'm still holding out for an Excite Truck 2.
You know, a real Excite Truck 2, not this Excite Bots bullshit.
Who knows?
Anything's possible.
Alright, well let's move on to some other platforms, obviously a big game going on right
now is Heavy Rain on the Playstation 3, which sadly I have not gotten my hands on yet amongst
all my real life stuff going on, but I do want to play it at some point, although I
heard, and this is kind of like breaking news as we're taping live on this Sunday, I heard
something about Playstation Network is down right now, I guess, and if you want to play
Heavy Rain, you can't.
Like I don't know how that works.
Does the game talk to the servers somehow?
Like you have to be online?
I don't see how it could because, you know, what if you don't have an internet connection
and you can't play the game?
I don't know.
Apparently something was going on.
I guess there's some game crashing errors going on on the PSN and it has something to
do with the dates reverting and now some of the data's corrupting or something.
And yeah, the issues are preventing folks from launching games like Heavy Rain, so it
sounds like the date or something might have got screwed up and now it's messing everyone
up.
I wonder how that works.
Yikes.
Well, hopefully that's fixed soon.
But meanwhile, Heavy Rain was banned in another country this week.
United Arab Emirates.
You will not be able to play Heavy Rain.
It's an official ban there.
So if you are in the Middle East and you want to play this game, you're going to have to
import it or something because the game was banned by the country's National Media Council.
Of course, Sony has come out and said, you know, the game is an 18 plus game.
It is strong content, but they didn't really respond to this particular ban.
So I have a feeling they might just cut their losses since unfortunately for anybody listening
who might be in the UAE, it's not one of Sony's biggest markets, so they might just be cutting
their losses and hoping you guys will import it.
I don't know.
But it wasn't banned because of the bugs.
Apparently there's some bugs going on in Heavy Rain.
It has to do with just some technical things.
Some audio is out of sync.
The game is freezing up.
There are some auto saves that turn out they can't load and for some reason everybody's
speaking French.
I'm just kidding about the last one sort of, but the rest, the rest is all, well, you've
heard about like how Heavy Rain was made in France and was developed by a French studio.
So they have all these French voice actors, but they're doing English and apparently the
accent is really noticeable.
Really noticeable.
The PlayStation network actually got hacked because on their website there is a directory
called Dear PlayStation that says get flash and or enable JavaScript and stop wasting
my time.
Interesting.
That's funny.
Yikes.
So PSN might be the victim of a hack going on right now.
So yeah, the game is locking up and so forth.
So I guess Sony has kind of posted in their forums about it saying that they are aware
of some of the issues and if you're having a particular issue, you should go to the thread
and post your information because you know, this is the era of patching video games that
are already broken.
Isn't Sony the same service that's running a show right now about finding a video game
tester?
I'm going to talk about this more in part B.
Yes, they are.
Sony might need some more video game testers right now, so maybe you all win.
Maybe everybody needs to win that show and go test Heavy Rain.
I don't know.
I will talk more about the tester in part B. I have a lot of thoughts on that, so we'll
get into that a little later on in the program.
But for now, more gaming news from Dark Soccer and then the release dates in a little bit.
Oh, release dates.
I'm looking forward.
But instead, this is not something that anyone should be looking forward to.
It's pretty, pretty bad.
There are 12 game stores, as in a big retailer in the UK.
Actually more than that, 43 are going to be closing down in the UK.
That means that 247 people are going to be laid off.
Or as the article says, will be a redundant, which I think is a horrible term.
Also...
Well that's what they call it over there though, redundancies, right?
I know.
I just think it's awful.
It's just a terrible word.
You know, hi, you're redundant, okay?
Whose fault is that for creating a redundant position?
The same guy who's probably laying me off.
Well that's going to be a third of the stores out of a total of 682.
So it's including 12 game stores and 6 game station outlets and 25 Debenham's stores.
The little concessions.
And just so folks not in the UK know, the store is actually called Game.
So when you say a game store, you're not being vague.
It's actually G-A-M-E.
All caps.
All caps, trademark, restricted.
Would you say, and I'm not familiar, would you say, Jamie, that's kind of like their
version of GameStop?
Like that's their big, big industry there?
I'd say it's a big one.
That would be...
Can you imagine if like a bunch of GameStops here shut down?
Although I guess what we've had the news about GameCrazy and some of the competitors.
Don't get me started on that, please.
I know, I'm sorry.
But you know, it's...
A bunch of GameStops closed?
Wow, then there'd be an adequate number of GameStops available because right now there's
way too many.
Yeah, they're totally cornering the market, which I think is disgusting.
Don't we have antitrust laws and stuff in this?
Yeah, we do.
But Google's not listening.
I mean, GameStop's not listening.
Did I say Google?
Yeah, you said Google.
Yeah, well Google's on the list too.
Google's always listening.
Now, Google's just been on a decline in the past couple of years.
Like I'm a big Google...
Google's being sued for violation of antitrust.
Well, you know, I'm a big Google fan, but I'm sorry, Wave was what?
We don't need Google Mars.
And Buzz was bad.
Did you know about that?
Did you know about Google Mars?
Google Mars.
That's the maps on Mars, right?
Yes.
I think that's cool.
It's cool, but it doesn't look very good.
And why do we need to...
Can't we just go to NASA's website or something?
I'm okay with Google Mars.
You know, it's Earth in the style...
But it's Mars in the style of Google Earth.
I'm okay with that.
What about Google Veronica Mars?
Buzz!
Google Veronica Mars would be cool.
I don't need that for that.
Buzz was bad.
Buzz was a bad idea.
What was Buzz?
I didn't hear about that.
It was their response to Twitter, but the problem was it automatically added the 40
most common people you email to your Buzz friends list, and if somebody went to your
public profile, they could see the 40 people you email the most.
So if one of them happens to be like an ex, or, you know, a boss is emailing his secretary
on a personal email, everybody could see that.
Or a porn finder.
Exactly.
Like, whoever thought that was a good idea needs to be made redundant.
Honestly.
Well, if they were going to do something like that, they should have it as an option that
you could select.
It's ridiculous.
Well, now they backtracked, but they botched the launch of that thing, and now nobody's
going to trust it.
So they might as well just nuke Buzz, nuke Wave, and start again.
Google Buzz Wave.
I am sick of the social networking, by the way.
It's like I was posting on my Facebook earlier.
I'm sick of social networking, yet I'm compelled to still do it.
I am, too.
You know, Tangent Train, choo choo.
Okay.
There's this whole email that came out this week from Bizarre Creations, who's a studio
I really respect.
They're great.
They make a lot of great stuff.
And I'm really looking forward to Blur.
Just as a gamer, that was one of the fun games I played at E3.
But they were talking about how they have fully integrated Twitter into Blur, and how
you can actually tweet while driving in Blur.
And not just necessarily making, and I apologize because I don't have the press release in
front of me, so I hope I'm not misstating anything, but I believe it was so far as,
you can hit the left bumper, and you can automatically send to your Twitter what you are doing in
Blur.
That's just ridiculous.
And I'm just thinking, okay, I get what they're trying to do.
Like here at OLR, we try to embrace all social networking when it comes out, because we want
to be where every gamer has a voice, and we want people to interact with us.
And I get that Bizzare is trying to be on the cutting edge.
So for that, I say, okay, cool.
But there's the other part of me that goes, God, as if Twitter didn't have enough bullshit
on it already.
Like, honestly, guys, I'm just straight up with this whole social networking thing.
And I've told people this.
If you post important news about your life on Facebook, and are going to give me a pop
quiz on it later, or expect me to know that like you are getting engaged because the only
place you said anything was Facebook, I'm sorry.
That doesn't fly with me.
Like, if you want me to know what's going on with you, text, email, you know, I like
to think those are kind of modern things or call, pick up the phone, dial the numbers
and call.
You know what?
I have to read this list.
And as a poster that was done by the oatmeal, the 10 things you need to stop tweeting about.
Have you seen that Rob?
No, I have not.
One, what are you eating?
I had meatloaf for breakfast, lol please RT.
Social media, the conference or event that you're at.
Twitter itself.
Well, now wait a minute though, because Twitter, like we did the tweet thing for me three and
I think a lot of people like that because we were pictures in the, that was reporting
news.
This example is using, it's like a total, so and so totally owned that last session
on optimizing your Twitter background pic.
I get what you're saying.
You know what?
There's a girl on my friends list and I love her to death.
I think she's amazing, but she posts so many updates whenever she's at like a concert for
a former American Idol or something like it just fills up my page and I can't see anybody
else's list and I'm kind of just thinking like, can you post a live journal or somewhere
where you can make long posts?
The other one on here is your workout, your kid, dog, cat, goat or whatever else.
Speaking out of context, as in people who just say nonsense, daily booth photos, emotional
breakthroughs and the number of like posting the daily picture of yourself.
Oh, like where it's the same picture of me every day flexing and looking cute.
Yeah.
Okay.
Emotional breakthroughs and the number of followers you have.
Oh yeah.
That's, and that's, that's so tacky when somebody posts like, I have a thousand followers.
Well, I'll have to tell you, now you don't.
Now you have nine 99 click.
I have to tell you the, what, what hit me today and I actually, I use Twitter now for
more of a professional networking.
I follow a lot of other designers.
I follow people in the comic book industry and I actually get something out of, you know,
and yeah, it's not that I don't care about the people on Twitter.
You know what I mean?
It's just that I really don't need to know how big of a poop you took or I, you know,
I'm sure your baby is cute, but I would rather have something meaningful.
I honestly, I feel like the biggest hypocrite when it comes to Twitter because most of the
stuff I tweet these days have to do with video games and I kind of use it like for OLR related
things and to keep tabs on the OLR fans.
But I, I don't like reading that stuff.
Like when I look at my fans list and it's, it's like a bunch of other podcasters promoting
their shows.
I'm like, yeah, okay, I know you have a show.
I get it.
But as in here I am tweeting, Hey, listen to OLR tonight, you know, Twitter makes me
feel dirty.
Well, let's just say, you know, we, we have problems with it yet.
We feel compelled to use it, right?
Because it is now a part of our culture.
If you think about it, it's really, uh, why it's not cool anymore.
In Facebook, I have a little bit more love for because I use that as my mini blog.
That's actually, I go back and check on it cause I usually just put my to do list up
there.
Like what do I need to get done today and refer back to it.
But I've actually not even been, you know, I'm actually making a conscious effort not
to use either of them so much and actually keep a notebook with me and use my live journal
and my blog.
Well the thing that freaks me out is that like CNN uses Twitter as like a real source
now.
And that kind of weirds me out a little bit.
Like when, when boner died this week, right here, the celebrity from, he was boner on
growing pains.
Chekhov's kid.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
Chekhov's kid.
Um, you know, unfortunately very tragic, sad, you know, what have you.
But CNN went to Twitter to see what all the other celebrities who knew him like Kirk Cameron
and you know, the people that would have worked with him before were saying about him.
And I don't know, like I just, I read the story and I just kind of thought whatever
happened to like, he's um, he does a lot of Jesus stuff.
Like you would find his works at the Bible houses and yeah, those types of places.
But anyway, uh, he was in the, um, movie for, uh, left behind, left behind.
I keep thinking left for dead.
No, not that movie.
That's a different movie.
Left behind.
That's it.
The rapture movie.
Yeah.
But my whole thing is that CNN is running this report about what all the celebs on Twitter
are saying and I can't help but think like whatever happened to actual reporting?
I know.
Well, this is, this is my thought.
Like I can use Google and Twitter.
Is it when they're doing editorials and when it get like a viewer feedback?
That's a good thing.
You know, the same reason why we have the chat room, you know, when we talk about an
actual story and we want to see what people think about it, it's, I think, look at it
as that equivalent, but in, it's a fine line.
It's a really fine line and you know, that's why I think there's legitimate uses for it.
I think, you know, a lot of people honestly are using it to validate themselves.
Whereas, you know, if, if you want to share something important with people, it's a good
way to do it.
If you want to see what other people are doing in your industry, it's a good thing to find
out other people that are in your industry.
But I'm really just getting like a, like so tired of the, Oh, I had to poop today.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Nobody's going to retweet you and then say, I'm so glad your colon is working properly.
You know, some people do reply to that.
Don't, don't get me started.
And yeah, I've, I've posted really inane stuff on there too, but I actually just, uh, detached
my, uh, loud Twitter feed from my live journal and I, cause of the, whatever, yay.
Last thing I hate most about Twitter is that it's invading live journal.
Yay.
Gold star for Jamie.
I'm so happy.
Over the last few weeks, I would just go back and check my loud Twitter feed and like I
posted one thing, why?
I just now do it to keep up with other people, you know, or if I have something to announce,
like that's important, like come to my birthday party or I'm going to be going to LA.
I would like to meet up with my friends there.
That type of thing.
That's a little bit more reasonable instead of, Oh, um, I had some, uh, we'd a Bix for
breakfast.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I know we're on this big tangent with social networking, but it's just, it's, we're in
a weird place right now where it's, it's kind of like the honeymoon phase is over with the
Twitter and the Facebook.
And now it's like, okay, I'm linking this poster to the chat room.
If you have some thoughts, why not email them to us?
Mailbag orange launch radio.com or we'll probably get some phone calls on it later in the show
for now though, we want to get to the classic game of the week, but not before we do release
dates and a couple more news stories.
So let's travel around the world and see what's coming out in the various countries.
Loki.
Yes.
Um, this week there's actually some pretty good stuff coming out.
Uh, sins of a solar empire Trinity actually, uh, coming out this week as well.
Uh, Dante's Inferno make his way out on PSP was a little delayed from the other games
finals month.
Uh, Alison Wonderland, they have that coming out in DS and on the, we, the we version being
more like the movie, the DS version being more like Beetlejuice, the cartoon, at least
that's what it looks like in the picture.
Um, lunar silver, silver star harmony limited edition coming out on PSP deck of sports on
the DS this week, sponge Bob's boating bash coming out on the Nintendo DS and on the week
kind of a demolition Derby type of game.
MLB two K 10 coming out on PlayStation two PS three X-Box three 60 we DS and PSP also
coming out from Sony MLB 10 the show, which is on all Sony platforms, PS two, PS three
and PSP.
Um, battle of giants, mutant insects, kind of a little fighting game from Ubisoft, uh,
battlefield bad company two coming out on PlayStation three X-Box three 60 and PC this
week silent hunter five battle of the Atlantic coming out on PC.
Supreme commander two coming out from square Enix on PC as well.
And lips party classics coming out on X-Box three 60 and that is it.
I saw a new commercial for lips this week that I guess uses Lily Allen sort of as the
centerpiece of it.
Yeah.
I wasn't that impressed.
I don't know.
I guess I'm, maybe I'm just, I'm surprised anybody buys lips to be honest.
Well I buy sink star.
I mean, yeah, but I understand seeing star cause there's an actual following for that,
but lips is not so much.
It's like they're trying to keep putting game.
I think lips was kind of put out as a response to sing star.
You know, if lips had come first, I probably would have been on the lips.
It's just seeing star seems to be easier to use.
Well seeing star also has like the real, well I guess lips does too.
I don't know.
I know seeing star like it just has all the real videos integrated and you know, it's
a really great party game, but it does too.
But the thing I thought with lips was it was supposed to be able to integrate any music
that you had in kind of turned into a karaoke version, but.
I believe it does.
It's just kind of wonky.
It's not the greatest implementation, you know, it's basically using one of those.
You can use a filter in like Adobe audition to take out vocals too, but it's, it's a little
hit and miss.
There's even some MP3 plugins that do that for Winamp, but it's a little hit and miss
cause it's just looking, I don't know how the science of it works, but it looks at a
certain component of the track of the song and kind of removes it and sometimes it works
and sometimes it doesn't.
Oh well.
Anyhow, moving on to the Xbox 360 in Japan and looking at Japanese release dates.
Bioshock 2 comes out this week on March 4th as well as Nobunaga no Yabutendo comes out
and I believe that was on the PS3 a couple weeks ago cause I seem to remember talking
about that game before.
But yeah, localized version of Bioshock 2 also on the 360 this week in Japan.
Moving on to the PlayStation 3, no there's Nobunaga no Yabutendo again, so maybe it was
pushed back a little, I don't know.
But there it is on the PlayStation 3, also Bioshock 2 on the PlayStation 3 as well.
Maybe this is actually, you know what this is, no this is different.
This is not the Dynasty Warriors, this actually looks like Nobunaga's Ambition.
This looks like a next gen version of it.
You know, I can't read the Japanese, but just looking at the interface, it looks like they're
picking the different city layouts and so forth.
So if you know the Nobunaga Ambition series of games, I don't know how to explain it in
a nutshell.
It's basically an RTS-ish kind of game that's about Japanese feudalism, I guess is the easiest
way for me to sum it up.
It's a feudal Japan sim.
I liked the old school one on the NES, but boy that game's evolved quickly over time.
That one on PlayStation 2 a few years back, that was the last one I remembered that came
out over here.
Oh there's a new one coming out.
On the Nintendo Wii, nothing this week believe it or not, but next week Taiko no Tatsujin,
I know our music game fans might be familiar with that one, Taiko no Tatsujin makes its
way to the Wii next week, and that's March 11th, not this week.
Is that another one?
Like a sequel?
Because I thought they had one over there already.
I thought they had one there already too, but this must be, uh...
Is this the one with the inflatable drum?
I believe it is.
Or this could also be a price reduction, or it could be the game, because yeah, they're
only...
I think this is maybe the game by itself without the drum, is probably what it is.
On the PlayStation 2 this week, nothing, again nothing.
On the Nintendo DS though, a lot of Dragon Quest games are going into the Ultimate Hits
collection, that would be 4, 9, and 5 all get price reductions from Squeenix as well
as Final Fantasy 4, so it's a big week for price reductions.
Otherwise, there is Bomberman Touchland, Star Bomber No Miracle World gets a price reduction
as well, and probably a big, big release this week in Japan, which is why everything else
is kind of limited this week, Pokemon Ranger, Hikari no Kiseki comes out this week.
This is different, this is not like the gold and silver in those games, but yeah, it's
a new Pokemon game.
I think that's what that means.
Here's the little description here, the Pokemon nappers are catching Pokemon and involving
them in shady activities, there are more than 300 species of Pokeporns, most of them you've
seen in HeartGold and Silver, and then you tame them and you can get them to join you
in battle, but it's not, like I'm just looking at the screenshots, it's not the same type
of game as the other games, this looks a little more action-y, actually, for some reason.
Like a tactics game?
No, it looks like it's almost like mini-games, see how it's kind of like first person, flight
type of game there, and then this one looks like some type of running, this one looks
like they're drawing on the DS screen.
It looks like it's almost like a mix of mini-games and Pokemon or something.
So there you go.
Lastly on the PSP,.hack//Link comes out on the PSP, that's another big release, so check
that out.
If you're a fan of the.hack// series, the PSP gets a new.hack// game this week.
They call it the grand finale you've all been waiting for.
Good luck.
Let's move to the UK, DarkSakura.
I'd like to.
Can we move there?
Um, no, I can't afford it.
Damn, okay.
Well, on the 3rd of March we have Toy Soldiers, on the 5th we have Alice in Wonderland, and
then Assassin's Creed 2 for PC, Battlefield Bad Company 2, BlazBlue Calamity Trigger,
Dementium 2 on the DS, Picross 3D, Silent Hunter 5 by Ubisoft, and Supreme Hunter 2,
and Sushi Go Round for the DS and the Wii.
Sushi.
Yay, Sushi.
Alright, just a couple more stories for you guys and then we're going to get into the
classic game of the week and I'll just give you a little hint.
I'm not going to give away what DarkSakura's picked, I'm just going to say it's really
old.
But that's not a bad thing.
Oh yeah.
So apparently Activision is being sued for false patent marketing and what that is is
basically that Activision is filing patents for its products that are beyond the scope
of what it's producing, for example.
There's patent 753, which is basically a DDR pad, which wouldn't necessarily apply to Guitar
Hero, which is what it's under, or 689, which is a DJ Hero turntable, which doesn't really
work with Guitar Hero 5 or Band Hero.
Apparently they're just putting out patents for different things in C16.
And this is, the group behind this is a patent compliance group.
They're seeking, this is almost to the point where it's retarded, they're seeking $500
for each Activision violation.
$500, really.
So but apparently they're also targeting other companies as well.
Just Activision happens to be one of those.
And according to Mark Mathenitis, the question is one that actually penalizes false marking
that a product is patented or patent pending.
The idea that those false markings might deter someone from trying to create something new
in that area.
So basically, hey look, we have a patent for a DDR controller, you can't make any dance
games.
It's like they're calling dibs on everything.
Dibs on this, dibs on this, dibs on this, and then they don't do anything with it.
And we're going to get into another story a little later on tonight about something
that they're like, nope, nope, can't have it, it's ours.
And they're not going to do anything with it.
As much as a silly lawsuit as this sounds, I'm glad someone's calling them on it because
now Activision is going to have to respond to this.
Has Activision made a response to this?
They haven't made a response yet, but at the same time, I don't see how they can, you know,
patent a DDR pad when a DDR pad's already been made, you know what I mean?
It's like, you can't patent something that already exists.
You can't say, hey look, I invented the rock.
Now you all owe me money because you have rocks.
Well maybe they changed a couple of little things here.
That's how it works.
One law in this country is really weird, really weird.
They change one or two things and claim it that they invented the genre, yeah.
We know how that works.
Yeah, right.
So we'll see what comes forth of that.
I'm really looking forward to what Activision has to say about that.
Remember when Activision was like the best game company in the world because they made
games like Pitfall and Kaboom and Keystone Capers?
Then Bobby Kotick came along.
His days are numbered, I'm telling you.
His days are numbered because he looks, just lately in the past couple of years he's come
out and looked like a buffoon and nobody likes, nobody likes their CEO to be a douche.
Hey, how about something for free?
Free games.
Now this is the way to do business, Activision Take Notes.
Free games.
Actually I'll tell you even better than that, Dark Sakura.
Free Pagle.
That's right.
Free Pagle.
Crack.
There is a promotion going on right now where you can get Pagle Knights for yourself or
a loved one, family member, or even an enemy if you want, I don't care.
All you have to do, you sign up for PopCap's newsletter by going to popcap.com.
By the way, of course, that means they're going to spam your email with all the newsletters,
but hey, I don't know about you, I have an email just set up for spam.
So to sign up for different websites, bug me not.
So yeah, there you go.
There's also websites with disposable email addresses that'll last for about ten minutes,
enough time for them to send you back your confirmation code and then poof, it's gone.
Nice.
I always liked the idea of setting up my own domain.
I had a friend that did this, had his own domain that he set up for email addresses.
And what he would do is when he would sign up for websites, he would create a new email
account on his domain that was like, you know, whatever his name was, we'll say, uh, john.
And then whatever the name of the site was that he was signing up for.
So when all the spam emails started coming in, he would know exactly what site was doing
it because he custom made email addresses for every website he signed up for.
I think that's a great idea.
Of course, I don't know if he posted those results anywhere, but he should.
So I think I'd like to know what websites are selling my email address.
I'll kick their butt.
Question from our chat room.
Uh, Kossin, and I apologize if I'm saying that wrong, but Kossin says, what's the disposable
email site called?
I don't remember, but I saw it in 2600 Magazine a while back.
Apparently if there's a few of them, because gold anthro follows up with disposable.com
and RoboKun says meltmail.com disposable, I think is the one I was thinking of.
And Toa Gak just simply says there are lots of them.
So there's a few of them out there wherever they can stick a banner ad.
That's that's what they're going to do.
All right, we're going to get into a segment here on the show that we love to do every
week.
It's the classic game of the week.
And during the classic game of the week, we encourage dark soccer to dive into the vault
of classic gaming and find a game that she says, you know what, kids and adults too,
you should be playing this game this week because it's a it's a classic game.
And if you're not playing this, you're a buffoon.
Yeah.
Dark soccer.
But phone.
So what should the non buffoons be playing this week?
The game is venture from 1981 Wow, that's old.
Yeah, that's older than most.
I was five when this game came out.
So since this is such an old game, there's not a lot of music.
But let's play there's actually plenty of music in this one with some ambient noises
and stuff.
No, it's a lot of music.
Listen.
The one posted here is actually the clique of vision version specifically, because I
played a crap ton of this on clique of vision.
But the game is where you're this little guy named Winky who looks like kind of a sperm.
I mean, kind of like a yeah, whatever he's this little blob with a bow and arrow.
And he walks around this hall where these big things that I used to call them boogers
when I when I was playing this as a kid.
But they're just these tentacled hall monsters.
You can't kill them.
You can't stop them.
They're just completely invulnerable.
And with with that, you actually have to go into these four or five rooms per area and
then get the treasure that's in each room while you're shooting and avoiding the little
creatures inside.
And each one has their own theme.
If you touch one of the monsters, it's called you're getting carrioned.
Which I thought, like, you hear that noise?
That's when one of the when you've been hanging out in the room too long and the hall monster
comes after you.
I see.
Or I guess now that I'm a little bit older, I can call it Cthulhu face.
But you can you can do a little bit of dodging here and there.
You can and the thing is that you can't run into the corpses of the things that you shoot
or they'll kill you too.
And they'll block your path until they fade from the screen.
And you've got different types of dungeons.
You cannot touch a corpse because they're smelly.
You'll get carrioned.
In level one you've got the wall room, the serpent room, the skeleton room, the goblin
room.
In level two you have the two-headed room, the dragon room, the spider room, the troll
room.
I can tell you the dragon room was pain in the ass.
Level three you have the genie room, the demon room, the cyclops room, and the bat room.
But I freaking love this game.
This is kind of weird because I noticed that, like, you know, especially for being such
an old game, like you have this screen that's like zoomed out showing all the different
rooms and then you kind of like go into one room.
That's the dragon room, by the way.
That's interesting.
Pain in the ass.
But now this is one of those games, keep in mind, I had a clique-o-vision for a long time.
Like I remember MTV coming out and me having a clique-o-vision.
I remember those in a span of, you know, when I lived in the same house.
I'll put it that way.
And this was, my mother used to play a lot of this.
Actually my mom's favorite game was Space Fury.
Do you remember that?
No, because I didn't have a clique-o-vision.
Space Fury was kind of like an asteroids kind of game.
And this is the type of stuff that I bet is coming to Microsoft's game room.
When they talk about like a thousand classic games, you're going to see somebody digging
into the back catalog of a lot of the old systems like clique-o-vision and Atari.
I could probably make this in Flash now.
I mean, seriously, I probably know enough Flash now to make this game.
I'm sure there's clones out there.
Oh yeah, but honestly it was, this was seriously one of my favorite games when I was a little
kid.
And I love the little dinky music, I'd go around humming this one to myself when I was
a kid.
But I mean, you know, the games that I had at the time, I had like Mouse Trap and Carnival.
But this one got tons of play.
This one and Turbo, but...
Alright.
And it actually had pretty good music for when it came out.
For 81, yeah.
So there you go, your classic video game of the week, Venture.
It was an arcade game too, but I guess Dark Psycho is really referencing the clique-o-vision
one.
Was the arcade version really different?
No, not really.
The clique-o-version, clique-o-vision, clique-o-vision one I think came out in 82?
Here's some from the arcade version.
I just noticed this related little video here, I just kind of want to take a peek and see
how it's different.
Oh yeah, it's very similar looking, like almost like it's done on the same hardware or something.
Except, you know, there's a little bit more animation.
Yeah.
Oh yeah, when you go in the rooms, it like zooms in.
Interesting.
But it had the same gameplay.
Yeah.
That's kind of interesting.
Oops, sorry.
Alright.
But honestly, for me, it was all about, I mean, you know, the rooms are all the same.
It's just, they zoom in and out, you know, but this was totally like my game.
Alright.
Venturi, oh this one has the corpses kind of rotting away.
Yeah.
I mean, like I said, a little bit more animation, you know, but, oh and the snot monsters were
red.
But still, it's the same game.
The clique-o-vision version is probably, for its time, the best translation of that game
that there was.
Which came first?
Venture or adventure?
Because...
I think venture came first.
Did it really?
I just, you know, my timeline from back then is not that great.
Let me check.
Let me check.
Yeah, look that up real quick, because I'm curious.
Because there are some similarities of sorts between the two, and I've seen comparisons
to Berserk as well, because...
Yeah, it actually, the hall monsters are actually sort of like the evil Otto from Berserk.
Which is the bouncing happy face, if anyone's actually played that.
Good stuff.
Um, I can't find adventure.
Oh well.
Oh no, maybe actually spelling it right would be nice?
That would help in trying to do your research.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
Okay.
No, adventure was, uh, well there was a Sierra one in 1979.
So yeah.
Hmm.
There's different games that were named adventure.
So.
Interesting.
Alright, well we're gonna take a quick break here at Orange Lounge Radio, but fear not,
we'll be back with more in tonight's Part B.
So stick around folks.
We'll be right back in just a minute with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
And for those of you guys listening live tonight, we're gonna take a quick music break here
in studio, and then we'll come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
We're just gonna do some potpourri here of some various, I think we'll do some Bamani
songs tonight.
Why not?
We'll be right back in just a moment here live at All Games Radio with Part B of Orange
Lounge Radio.
This is a chance for you to get up and stretch and all that good stuff.
We'll see you in a minute.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio on this Sunday evening, February the 28th
of 2010.
So it's not a leap year, so it is the last day of February.
It's gonna be March all over again tomorrow.
Can't believe how fast the year is moving.
Yikes.
We're all getting old really quick.
Speaking of which, the song that we just played during break, now unfortunately the podcast
listeners can't hear it because you know the songs that we play during the break are copyrighted
so we can only do it during the live streaming, but we played a remix by Mr. T, not the I
Pity the Foo kind from the A-Team, but Mr. T that did Bamani remixes back in the day
from Popin' Music 10.
He did a remix of Goonies Are Good Enough from Goonies 2, which was also in the movie,
the Cyndi Lauper song.
Now I can play a clip, so let me play a quick little clip for the benefit of the podcast
listeners.
It's good enough.
Okay, yeah, right.
So I just was, and it was making me think that, God, I loved Goonies 2, the video game on
the NES.
It was so like kind of like ahead of his time in some ways, but I was firing that up on
the FC Mobile not that long ago because I actually have the cartridge of it and good
memories.
That was such a great game.
Even though it really had nothing to do with the Goonies movie, it was still amazing.
So F the Haters.
There you go.
Before we get into Twitter topics and some more gaming news tonight, I wanted to talk
really quickly about something I watched this week.
And I don't know if you guys, I don't know if Loki or Dark Soccer has familiarized themselves
with this at all, but...
I know what it is, and therefore I avoided this.
Okay, well here it is, here it is.
On the PlayStation Network this week, or I should say last week, they released The Tester,
which is kind of a PlayStation Network exclusive show.
It's kind of like an experimental thing because this is television essentially that was made
for the PlayStation Network.
So it's a reality show, and I know we've reported on this on the show before, so I think most
of our listeners are already aware, it's this reality show where the prize is to become
a game tester for Sony Computer Entertainment.
That is the prize.
Sony Prize.
But one thing they also don't say very well, also a $5,000 signing bonus.
So there is a cash prize that goes with it as well.
So there is at least just that.
You'll need it to offset the wages.
Well, I checked out the show.
Now if you guys don't already know, I am unapologetically a fan of reality game shows.
I don't necessarily mean all reality TV, but I loved Survivor back in the day.
I wanted to apply for Survivor actually way back in the day, but I didn't have a passport
or something, so I didn't do it.
But I remember when they were casting for the first season of Survivor.
But I just love old game shows, and I like the whole idea of a reality game show.
I watched Big Brother.
I've done fan games online.
I even like Project Runway, and my new favorite reality game show is RuPaul's Drag Race.
It's the most amazing show on television right now.
What I don't like when they talk about reality shows, I don't like The Housewives of Orange
County.
I don't like The Hills.
And so I agree there's a lot of crap out there.
I kind of hate it when people say, I hate reality shows.
Reality game shows.
Because that's like saying, I hate dramas, or I hate comedies.
There's a lot of different types of reality shows, and some of them are very good.
But of course, obviously, hearing about The Tester, I'm a little bit apprehensive about
this, but I'm like, okay, I'm a fan of reality shows.
I'm a fan of video games.
I need to check this show out and give it a fair shot.
So I downloaded the show.
It's about a 22-minute show.
It's suitable for a 30-minute broadcast, basically with commercial breaks.
And I watched it, and it's not that bad.
Are you surprised to hear me say that?
Nope.
No.
It's not terrible.
It's a ridiculous concept.
I mean, I'm not going to get past the fact that we all know, if you've kind of had a
friend that works in the gaming industry, we all know the prize at the end of the day
is ridiculous.
But at least they throw a $5,000 signing bonus into it.
So at least there's that.
But I'm thinking to myself as I'm watching this, you know, this is basically a television
show I'm watching on my PlayStation.
The quality is great because it's in HDTV, and you can download it in HD, and it looks
better than most HD Comcast shows because I think most television comes out only at
like 720, but this was like 1080 or whatever.
So the look of it was really good, and it was put together okay.
The editing, you know, the editing was really tight because it's only a 22-minute show,
so you don't really get a lot of time to know the people.
But the editing was competent.
The show was put together well enough.
The biggest flaw about the show is that, again, the contest is so ridiculous to begin with
that basically the whole elimination and everything that they did was over this one minor challenge
that they did that the judges, who were two guys that worked for Sony and Hal Sparks,
which I don't know why Hal Sparks is a judge and not the host, but whatever.
I realize they need to have some type of celebrity draw, and, you know, I actually like Hal Sparks.
I think he's great on The Soup back in the day when he was doing that stuff, and then
I Love the 90s and all those shows.
I think he's funny, and of course queer as folk, you know.
So I think he's a good talent to have on there, although, you know, as a judge, eh, I think
he would have been a better host because they have some no-name girl doing the hosting,
you know, she's, what, a generic reality show host, whatever.
So I guess my biggest complaint is that the competition itself is a little weird.
Like I kind of wish they had, like most reality game shows run an hour, even RuPaul's Drag
Race is an hour, so that there is like a mini challenge, a mega challenge, and some time
to understand what's going on.
But I felt like the biggest flaw with the show is that it was just like, it was done
so fast that you really didn't get a feel for why maybe one of them left.
I'll just spoil the first episode for you guys, two people leave in the first episode,
one of them you kind of see coming because they're very strange and awkward, but the
other one you're kind of like, I didn't really know anything about this person, so I can't
feel bad that they got kicked off the show.
But here's the other thing I want to say about this, because I know a lot of people are saying
like, what the hell, Rob, you actually like the show?
I don't know if I'd go so far as to say like, I like it, I'm going to set a season pass
on my TiVo.
I just think it was a competent show and quite honestly, it's better than about 90% of what's
on G4 television.
Here's my problem, the way I looked at it is when I heard that they're doing a reality
show where people are going to get to play games and stuff like that, that are first
looks at certain games, I saw that as, hey look, it's a 22 minute long commercial for
Sony games, no thanks.
It wasn't that bad, it wasn't that in your face.
They live in this bachelor pattish thing that is all these video games and you know of course
the guys like, sweet, Uncharted 2, some of that was a little ridiculous, but that's no
worse than the judges drinking Coke at the American Idol's table.
You expect there's going to be some of that product placement, but the challenge had nothing
to do with the Sony game at all.
And I thought actually the challenge that they played in this first episode, which was
basically a glamorized version of can you spot the differences between the two pictures,
I thought it actually played into the whole what you have to do to be a tester thing relatively
well.
What's that, Jamie?
Nothing.
I was talking about Shermie.
Oh.
Shermie just crapped.
Oh, did she?
That was her review of the show.
Nice.
But yeah, I mean they played it up okay.
I mean I was expecting a lot worse.
The bar was very low, but I got a show that I would watch if I was flipping through TVs
with nothing to watch and I stop on G4 TV and the show's on.
It's better than most of the crap on that network right now.
That still just doesn't sound like enough to make me actually put any effort into watching
TV.
But yeah, you don't, I wouldn't recommend the show for you, Jamie, I don't think you'd
like it.
Well, you know, I watch three shows with any variety of regularity, Supernatural, Doctor
Who, and let me get back to it.
Oh, BBC News.
Oh, okay.
You know what?
What?
I was gonna say though, Jamie, I would recommend, however, you watch RuPaul's Drag Race because
it's amazing.
And may the best woman win.
I love drag queens so much.
You know what would be so awesome?
Me too.
What?
On Xbox Live.
Huh.
Now that they're gonna have the Microsoft Game Room thing.
Yeah.
To bring back Starrcade.
Seriously.
But, you know, you gotta think though, this is, sure this show is a little eh, but it
could be setting the stage for something even greater in the future.
Like, you know, it's kind of interesting that, wow, Sony put all this together, who else
might deliver their show exclusively on PlayStation Network or Xbox Live Arcade?
And yeah, I'm all for Starrcade coming back.
Or some type of old school game show.
Like, you know, like 1 vs 100, but Starrcade, where you play the games that they're playing
during the show and stuff like that.
That is a great idea.
I would love to see that.
To answer Tigerclaw, I wasn't impressed enough with the first episode of V to give it any
more thought.
And for the listeners that don't know what Darkstar is talking about, Tigerclaw said,
V next month.
You gotta watch V. So there you go.
Oh, Shermie took a duty in the hallway.
That's no good.
And that's what she thinks of the tester.
A shit with no effort.
I can't believe the cat just took a dump on the floor in the middle of the show.
Dump where dump should not be on the PlayStation Network.
Which cat, when forced to watch the tester, takes a crap first?
No, to explain, Shermie is an old lady.
She's up there now in cat ears and is not in...
So she just didn't make it to the litter box or what?
I have no idea.
I'm trying to figure out what's wrong.
I'm going to take her to the vet probably after payday.
I hope she's okay.
Yeah, she's just been...
And anytime she...
Well, no, I just...
Maybe she doesn't like her litter because she does that when she doesn't like her litter
either.
Even though it's the same litter I've been using for a while.
I think it was just a response.
Well, props to her at least going towards the bathroom.
I know.
At least she didn't do it on the mixing board.
No, no, no.
She will do it either.
When she decides to poop somewhere that is not her box, she will either do it on one
of the bathroom rugs right in front of the bathroom or on one of the kitchen rugs.
She does not do it so much on one of the kitchen rugs because I yelled at her.
She at least does it where it can be easily cleaned up.
I think she's making a statement.
I think she's like, mom, you should quit your job and pay attention to me 24 seven.
She cats it all the time.
All right, let's stop talking about poop and talk about game news.
She says the show is good for me to poop on.
Clearly.
How about some rapid fire news, Loki?
All right.
Well, um, there's actually this is real quick.
Sorry.
Get your tweets in.
I don't think I mentioned it before in the show, but if you have some tweets for tonight's
Twitter topics, get those in now, now, now, um, this is kind of interesting.
Super Meat Boy is coming to Xbox Live Arcade and actually before the WiiWare version, which,
you know, I didn't even realize there was an Xbox Live Arcade version, and now it's
coming out before it is scheduled to be coming out this summer.
And that's pretty cool.
And for those who don't know, Super Meat Boy is a platform action game starring a little
character that's made out of meat and you splatter around the screen and that's all
fun.
Then, of course, there's going to be a tie in game with the new movie Kick Ass that is
coming to PlayStation three and the iPhone.
And of course, this game kind of reminds me a little bit of the Watchmen The End is Nigh,
which I think did a little bit better on the PS3, probably because the Blu-ray was bundled
with the game when it came out retail.
But the PS3 game will have Facebook integration as well.
And I don't know.
Game looks just OK.
It looks just like a beat-em-up action game, just like the Watchmen one.
The movie, though, on the other hand, is pretty awesome and it's kind of, you know, what happens
when kids decide to become superheroes, but they don't have superpowers.
They just fight crime.
It's got Nicolas Cage acting weird.
And then on the PlayStation Network, the version of Castle Crashers is getting a brand new
addition.
Extreme Volleyball Action is coming to the PlayStation three version of Castle Crashers.
Apparently they're including a cooperative and competitive volleyball game with online
or offline play, and Magic Attacks apparently will be directly applied to your ball as well
as there's going to be some leaderboards, spiking moves, and some other stuff.
And this is coming from the Behemoth development blog.
Sorry, Jamie's having the great Lysol race in the hallway right now.
It's a good thing I can't smell anything.
Oh, that's right, you're congesting.
I can't smell a thing.
I was just being polite.
I didn't want to sit here and go, Jamie, your house smells like poop.
Well, no, I just smelled it because fucking Shermie.
She just needs, she just needs a...
I was like, I don't know, maybe all this talk about the tester made Jamie crap her pants.
I don't know.
I don't want to be rude.
No.
It's Shermie shit in the hall.
At least go in the tub.
I was, that was a reference to last week's show, you see what I did there?
All right.
Sorry, Loki.
Do you have anything else you want to share?
That's it.
All right.
I got some quick stories for you guys.
Actually, I did check out this game.
I didn't mention it during my gaming week, but this is something I did check out this
week and that was Missile Command.
It's a brand new version of Missile Command from Atari.
It's free to play and it's on the web and it's like a co-op.
It's actually a multiplayer thing by developer OMG Pop.
That doesn't sound like another developer I know that does a lot of casual web games
at all, but yeah, it's a whole like new souped up version of Missile Command and it's, it
was okay.
It was cute.
It was fun.
It wasn't really that much like the original to me, but no word yet if Mr. Awesome is on
and playing or what's going on, but you can check that out at Atari.com slash Missile
Command.
It's free.
Can't complain about free.
Well, I had no idea that they were trying to do this game, but apparently they are.
They're making a game out of Grease.
Yes, the play Grease.
You know, tell me more.
Tell me more.
Yes.
Uh, apparently, uh, yeah, they're making a video game version of this five Oh five games
actually is the people that were making it.
I'm not surprised.
They have actually found, uh, a, I guess a, a publisher for it or five Oh five games is
the publisher.
I think I'm sorry.
Yeah, they are the publisher who's, who's developing a big head games.
Uh, they did chime on the Xbox live that was a recent, no word as to like what the game
is at all.
How would you make a game out of Grease?
Like a karaoke game or it's going to be awful.
It's just like, Hey look, we bought the rights to something.
Yay.
Let's make a game out of it.
You know, not them, but like other companies, you know, they'll buy rights for like stupid
shit.
Like the smile, you know, like the smiley face shirts, smiley.
Yeah.
There is a company that bought the rights for that made a game out of it.
No one remembers it because it sucked.
I remember a face ball 2000 that had the big smiley's have a nice day.
Exactly.
But that game was actually kind of fun.
Um, or for example, um, the jelly belly, they have like a jelly belly game cause they licensed
that cause the license was really cheap or yummy or M and M's.
They made some M and M game racing game.
That was pretty terrible.
Huh?
Well, yeah.
Yo, no, it was cool, but that was like way back in the eighties when people knew what
the hell the noise kids and annoyed supposed to be making a comeback.
It was supposed to be, look, how about a computer game?
Everybody wants to play.
There's tons and tons of people want to play this star craft too.
And of course the beta is going on right now.
Uh, apparently due to the number of Blizzcon attendees, not everybody who is at Blizzcon
is yet in the beta, but in the next couple of weeks after this first wave, uh, supposedly
all the Blizzcon attendees are going to be included in a future wave.
It's supposed to be happening in the next couple of weeks.
So it might be as soon as the time you guys actually hear this podcast.
So you might want to follow up on that.
If you were a Blizzcon attendee, you could be playing a star craft too right now, or
very soon at least.
Dark Sakura.
Well, um, this is pretty happy stuff.
Um, there are, uh, for a pre-order bonus for super street fighter four, there's a classic
costume pack.
And so, um, they are for Blanca, Guile, Gen, Feilong and Dalsim.
Um, for Feilong he gets a kind of a, uh, Kato costume.
And Blanca- I love Feilong.
Just saying.
Blanca gets Dan's Gui.
Which if you, uh, and this goes back to actually, um, Street Fighter Alpha 3, did you ever beat
Street Fighter Alpha 3?
I don't think I ever played Street Fighter Alpha 3.
It was kind of during that period when I wasn't playing a lot of games heavy.
One of the endings, Dan and Blanca are just hanging out.
And Blanca can- no, Dan can understand all of Blanca's grunts.
So he's like, I see you, my friend, let's go out and play.
Rolling and rolling.
And it has the two of them rolling across the screen, that's where I get the rolling
and rolling from.
So yeah, he's wearing a Dansky.
Um, then- Are they like gay lovers or something?
Or is it just- I don't think so.
Okay.
They're just BFFs.
They're BFFs.
It's Jay and Silent Bob.
Um, and then Gen has a- Heterosexual life partners.
Yeah.
Gen is shirtless.
Um, Guile is wearing a ballistic vest.
He's just all kinds of, you know, hardcore ops guy.
And Dhalsim is wearing, um, a, uh, I guess just more traditional, um, dress for India.
There you go.
Very snazzy.
He looks like- Who is that fighter in, um, um, Mike Tyson's Punch Out where the little
ruby in his turban would flash, and that's how you knew he was about to throw a punch.
What was that guy's name in Mike Tyson's Punch Out?
I don't remember, but this totally- Because that's what Dhalsim looks like right
there.
I'm gonna link the picture in the chat room.
All right.
Somebody, somebody in chat will, uh, yell it out there.
Ah, it's Tiger something.
I don't remember.
Yeah.
Uh, Shaoran in chat, by the way, says bromance would be the term for, uh, what Dan and Blanca
have going on there.
And Dark Tetsuya says, now I have an image of Dan saying snooch to the nooch.
You know, there's actually, um, it's funny that the term bromance, there actually is,
um, a term called romantic friendship.
Have you ever heard of that?
I think I have, yeah.
And I thought that was funny.
Uh, Dark Tetsuya says Great Tiger was the name of that fighter.
Sounds right.
I think he's right.
That's why I love having a live audience, because when I don't know the answer to something,
I'll just go chat, help, and they do.
It's great.
And Akdefta is wondering if they're starting a bad bromance, rah, rah.
You know what?
I freaking have to listen to that song now after, you know, me really loathing Lady whatever,
because you cannot resist the power of Lady Gaga.
She's she's amazing.
I don't really like any of her other stuff, by the way.
It's just that one.
I actually kind of like, okay.
Nobody's perfect.
You'll come around.
I know.
I know.
She'll eventually become perfect like me.
Okay, topic time, www.Twitter.com slash O L R. Show us your tweets every week and we'll
read some of our favorites here on the program.
Of course, we can't read everything, but there's some really good questions tonight, so I want
to get to this.
Um, let's see.
Nut Man wants to know if the podcast will be uploaded tomorrow.
Pretty please.
It should be.
Uh, there shouldn't be a delay at all this week, although I got to say I had last week's
show up Monday night, but I should, I've been getting pretty good this year about getting
the show up within 24 hours.
So I'm going to try and continue that trend.
Knock on wood, um, at depth links us to a story that harmonics might not actually be
working on rock band three right now.
There may actually be something else going on right now.
Um, I guess, uh, this is a new story he's linked us to from rock band aid.com.
Uh, I guess, let's see what's going on here.
There's a Twitter from some guy, I guess, at harmonics harmonics.
The creators of the rock band video game is planning on using one of my tracks for their
demo projects.
Awesome.
This is some, uh, other guy and I guess harmonics recently licensed hip hop and dance songs
kind of putting it all together.
And so now maybe there might be a new frequency or amplitude game is kind of the rumor that's
going on right now, which would make a lot of sense.
You know, frequency and amplitude kind of came out when not a lot of people knew who
harmonics was and they were more experimental games, but they were great games.
And I think if they are going to, you know, now that more people know what rock band is,
if they're going to kind of come out with a, I don't know what would they call a game
around dance music and stuff that's in that frequency, amplitude, vein, I don't know frequency
frequency to freak, who knows, Apple and CJ hero.
Oh wait, no, we'll see.
Uh, Salvex seven sends us a variety of tweets here on one subject.
Let me read these.
It's a little longer than 140, 40 characters, but it's okay.
Does it like the question here?
Salvex seven on Twitter.
Hey guys, I have an interesting question for you historically, which generation of gaming
would you classify as the most contra country that got cut off?
I'm assuming contributive to society's development regarding to the social interaction, the fun
element escape from one's reality and moral values.
I know it's complex, but if you could answer it, I would appreciate it.
Take care guys.
Have a nice one.
What do you guys think?
What generation of gaming would classify as the most contributive to society's development?
That's a tough question.
What just the development of society as in, and he goes on to specify as in, uh, the social
interaction, the fun element, the escape from one's reality and moral, moral values, pong
haul the way back to old school.
Where would we be?
I mean, where would the industry be if someone didn't invent pong, the zeroth generation?
Yeah, I'd say like the arcade age or something like that.
Maybe even like just the, not necessarily the eight bit generation, but like, um, you
know, even before that probably the four bit generation, you know, the Tari, Coleco, Odyssey,
that kind of stuff.
Well, I think in gaming it'd be the day that we got on the radio.
Nice answer.
Uh, I would have two answers for this question.
I would say, I think it's the fourth generation of gaming.
The one that involved the NES, the, when the Nintendo entertainment system first came to
America because it came out at a time when video games were pretty much declared dead
and dying and nobody is interested in video games anymore.
You know, after the great video game crash of 84, 83, whatever you want to pay it as.
And then, um, the NES comes out and the NES does very well.
And who in the, in our generation, you know, where our lower thirties, upper twenties,
who in our generation does not know super Mario brothers or link from Zelda.
Like who in this generation does not know that from your country, even people that don't
do nerdy gaming podcasts every week or listen to them, they know who Mario and Luigi are.
You know, those characters.
I think it was really the first generation to create a character.
I don't think everybody on the street knows who Pitfall Harry, or maybe some of the, well,
maybe Pac-Man.
I mean, that came from the generation before, but I think, I don't know, something about
really bringing it into the homes and so forth with these really memorable characters.
I think that was really the generation that did have a song written about him and Mario
really didn't other than do the Mario.
Um, but then the, my other answer to the question would be the current one.
The current generation of gaming, I think is huge to society because for a variety of
reasons, a, the, we has, you know, as much as we love to hate on it for, you know, what
it is sometimes here on this show, there's no denying that it has penetrated society
in a way that most video game systems have not.
We sports is like such a typical video game.
It's like not even like a video game to a lot of people.
We sports is a, it's a, it's like, you know, it's an activity simulation.
People don't say, let's come over and play video games and say, let's come over and play
we sports or, you know, the, we, you know, it's, it's just so interesting.
And then on the other hand, you have Xbox live, you know, really kind of in a way almost
killing arcades because people are able to communicate over the internet and talk while
they're playing games and develop this whole community.
And then, you know, some, somewhat the PlayStation three in this as well, but then now that video
games are not just about video games, but they're entertainment boxes.
There are these, you know, sets in our living room that do everything that now that they're,
that they're getting their own TV shows for heaven's sakes.
I mean, I think this current one is, is shaping things up in, in a huge way.
That's going to continue.
Certainly it's, they're setting it up to have a longer lifespan than the generations before
it.
So we'll see.
Keep in mind the networking side of it and the web play side of this.
Remember back, remember we had the X link back in the day.
We had, well in Japan they had Satellaview.
So it's not a new concept.
It's a perfected concept.
But it's, it's now, it's penetrate, excuse me, it's penetrated the marketplace and had
its effect on society that Satellaview didn't, nobody remembers Satellaview.
What was a novel concept then is, and actually I didn't even have to say one of the biggest
games that came out that really brought that on was Phantasy Star Online, if you think
about it.
Cause you could get on and chat with your friends and it was on a console that you could
do this back onto the Dreamcast.
So I mean that was a big thing.
But unfortunately it wasn't until you had like World of Warcraft perfected the MMO in
some ways.
I guess you get to give some of that to EverQuest as well.
Then again, Ragnarok Online was my big crack.
But again, society, most people know Warcraft.
I'd really say maybe it's the advent of the MMO.
But you see, you know, and I'm really trying to take that question as literal as possible
is what's the biggest impact on society?
Cause if you ask what's my favorite, well the Super Nintendo was my favorite console
in that whole generation.
Nintendo versus Sega and Turbo Graphics.
I mean that was like right when I was in high school and kind of growing up, I remember
all that stuff.
So that was, that was my favorite generation.
But I don't think it necessarily had the biggest impact on society.
I think that was more of a bridge.
Video games were still a niche thing back then.
It did create though a good deal of initial rivalry and discussion because back, you know,
for a long time it was like, oh well you have an Atari.
Oh now you have a ColecoVision.
There wasn't really a big contest between many of the systems.
Because really what was coming out was one upping the other.
Until you start getting, you know, actual competition going.
Like it's funny, you know, I grew up with my Super Nintendo with my Nintendo.
Dan grew up with Master System and Genesis.
You know.
So I bring the Nintendo love.
He brings the Sega love.
Of course I've developed my Sega love, you know, after I, you know, got to sit down and
play the Saturn for a long, long time.
But it's, it's an evolution.
It really just, I think that's why I want to go back very far back to the, to Pinball
Rob to Pinball.
Some comments from our chat room, chat.orangelaunchradio.com, live on this Sunday night as we tape at
All Games Radio.
Gia, I'm sorry, Sharan says, World of Warcraft just standardized both the best and worst
of MMO tropes.
Again, it's not necessarily about inventing a concept, it's about perfecting it.
I think is an important point that was brought up.
Anyway, that was a great question.
So I'm going to give an honorary gold star to Salvax.
He gets a Twitter gold star.
I don't think we've given any of those out, but that was one of my favorite Twitter questions
we've gotten ever.
So gold star for you.
Robocoon wants to clue us in on a Steam UI update.
It's a beta thing that you can opt into, and that's good.
I think Steam could use a little bit of a facelift.
I'm not, I haven't read this story as familiar as myself with it in advance, but apparently
you can take part in the beta by going into Steam's website in the settings link and then
selecting the 2010 UI update under beta participation.
But I'm looking at these screenshots and I got to say one thing that does kind of worry
me as I'm noticing in one of these screenshots, there's like a list that shows community activity
and it shows what games your friends are buying.
I don't know if I want that data like out there and published.
Like I don't want my friends knowing that I just bought the amazing unicorn game.
You know, I'm hoping there's a way to suppress that.
Imagine fairies.
I'm sure there is a way to suppress that.
But there is, there's some unicorn game that's out there on Steam and my boyfriend's been
tempting me with this saying, you know you want this game, you know you want this game.
When obviously it looks like such crap, but it's kind of one of those things like I want
to like buy it for you as a gift.
So you're obligated to play it and then you have to talk about it on next week.
So LR during how was your gaming week?
Like I think we actually have conversation.
Are you pulling it up right now or what?
Sure.
I'm going on my Steam.
Look, look for the unicorn game or I'm going to get a text message in a minute.
That'll tell me what it is, but magical unicorn game.
It's something about magical unicorns.
There's an awesome.
Okay.
It's not even God, here we go, no, no, no, no, no, no, no tangent train, no, no, no,
no.
Tangent train.
This is actually, there's another magical unicorn game that's on, no, don't get me wrong.
It's a commercial for this cause I watch Cartoon Network and Adult Swim sometimes.
They have a new game on their website.
Oh yeah, the farting unicorn rainbow game.
I played that.
I don't know about farting unicorn game, but it's just this unicorn that's jumping in the
commercial and running around and stuff with the, with, I forget what music it, it set
this on like eighties rock band music or something.
I got to find that.
I've played this.
I have played this.
The chat room is urging us to check the hallway to make sure Shirmi hasn't taken another crap
on this topic.
Do you smell shit?
I don't think so.
All right, well, while you're looking that up, let me get a couple of these other tweets
out of the way here at our Twitter.
Um, MNZeba sends us a Twitter, it says new copy protection technology outrages gamers.
Not sure if this is already said, and this is the link.
I believe this is talking about Ubisoft.
So yeah, we have brought this up on a previous episode.
It was brought up a couple of weeks ago, but I think this is still worth sharing.
So thank you for the tweet because now it's penetrated like Yahoo and it's starting to
get onto the mainstream sites about this copy protection.
It's a robot unicorn attack is what the game's called.
It's it's secret of the magic crystals. Rob is the one that you're looking for.
Is that it?
It's also gone down to $6.99.
I think.
Oh, wow.
That's a bargain.
Hold on.
I just got a text message.
Hold on.
I'm firing up my phone.
And the screenshot where you do crafting with a magic material called anus.
That's right.
When one of the screenshots, there's a magical crafting, I don't know if it deleted his first
text where he told me the name of the game, but yeah, that's the game.
What is it?
What is it again?
I just found the name, the secret of the magic crystals.
Yes, that's it.
It's a game about unicorns.
And in one of those screens, if you look at one of the screenshots, okay, look there,
there, there's a crafting material on that screen called anus.
If you look at it, one of the, like you have to collect anus, but it's A-E-N-U-S.
A-E-N-U-S. Yeah, there it is.
As pink.
You have to collect all the pink anus you can.
You know you want that game.
Fuck it.
Add to cart.
Reverse.
Did you really?
Are you buying the game?
I'm buying it.
Right now I'm buying it for seven bucks.
Congratulations, Alan.
Good job.
All right.
And I will have a full review of the gay unicorn game complete with anus and horn.
All right.
I don't know how the anus crafting goes a little later.
This might need to be our next, um, uh, cause here on the show that, that we yell and scream
for everybody to tweet and Facebook about is to get this on the consoles because I want
some pink anus on my Xbox 360.
This game, apparently the robot unicorn attack or whatever has a really interesting song
that plays in the background, although I haven't played it yet, but on the commercial it sounded
funny.
It's, uh, the chat room is, uh, it's erasure always.
Cause I, in fact, I actually made a live journal post on this like a while back.
No, I posted it on Twitter.
Hold on.
Here's, here's a little bit, just so, just so you have something to reference here.
Loki is the actual, oh yeah, that's actually one of my favorite erasure songs.
Erasure is a great synthball fan.
I love that one too.
Yeah.
This is, you play this game to unicorns, to unicorns running and farting rainbows.
Here we go, Rob, let's see here.
Well now Loki's Loki's fired this up in studio.
What is this?
Is this a flash game?
Yeah.
Oh my gosh, your unicorn was all twisted in a big pile up in the ground.
Can you post this link in chat please?
This is so awesome.
Can you post this link in chat?
Yeah.
Okay, thank you.
Maybe put it on the Twitter.
Can you post it to the Twitter that we're talking about it on the show right now?
You know the password and all that.
All right.
Please post that to the Twitter.
That's why I just downloaded the song.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you, Dark Tetsuya.
Orange Tansit Radio.
Oh yeah.
So the original tweet had to do with copy protection from Ubisoft.
Yeah.
Now it's in the mainstream press and I was just going to say that it's interesting that
now, you know, that digital copyright stuff has been screwed up so bad it's in the mainstream
press.
30 minutes into part B and we're still on Twitter topics, just FYI.
And then lastly, a tweet from Alex P Carson wanting us to give a shout out to Alex Nicole.
It's her first time listening.
Shout out.
Shout out.
Hopefully she didn't turn it off after the farting rainbows chat.
I hope we didn't scare her off.
All right.
Anyhow, and Amazed Shitsuma in chat.
Yes, he changed his name.
Amazed Shitsuma says Orange Lounge Unicornio is the new name of the show apparently.
Who doesn't love unicorns?
Like evil people.
All right.
Anyhow, Loki, I hate to interrupt you because I know you're running to the Twitter right
now to post, but Loki, can you give us some more gaming news here on OPLR?
It was very distracting, but that game was awesome.
Anyways, so there's some cool stuff coming to Final Fantasy 11, believe it or not.
They just announced that three new battle arenas are coming to Final Fantasy 11.
And those, of course, have to do, I guess, with Abyssia, and it's going to have, let's
see here, Vision of Abyssia, I guess will come out during the summer, with the other
two Scars of Abyssia and Heroes of Abyssia coming soon after that.
And each new area can be purchased for $10 on the Play Online viewer.
I'm surprised that there's still expansions coming out to this.
I'm not really sure what these new battle arenas are.
I mean, this is something that was added way after I left, so.
I totally realized that I never finished my other Twitter topics.
You never what?
Not my Twitter topics.
They're rapid fire.
Well, then we'll come back to it in a moment here.
It's fine.
That's all right.
But quickly, I wanted to say about Final Fantasy 11 and its developments and what have you,
this should kind of squelch those rumors that Final Fantasy 11's shutting down in a couple
months to make room for 14, which I always thought was a little bit ridiculous, how fast
that spread like wildfire.
But this I'm sure is in part to shut up those rumors that 11 is still being supported.
You're not going to fit in there, Shirmi.
What's Shirmi trying?
Oh, Shirmi's trying to...
She's trying to poop on the mixing board.
It's not working.
She's trying.
End the show.
End the show.
All right.
You got a little more for us, Logi?
Yes.
Also, Final Fantasy 14 will be going into closed beta soon, actually.
Starting March 11th, and I believe that they did have the VanaFest, I guess, the 2010 website,
which was some...
They had some news, I guess, about Final Fantasy 11 as well.
But on the Play Online website, there's also interesting news, I guess, that the betas
will start on March 11th, and I think I've already signed up for this.
I want to say I've already signed up for the beta.
Yeah, I signed up for it too, but my email box was empty.
I don't know about yours, but I saw that story and then I cried.
I haven't got anything yet either.
But hey, you know what?
There's still time, so maybe.
Maybe it's one of those things where I won't be in the first wave, maybe a later wave.
I'll be hopeful.
But it gives me time to finish playing 13, because seriously, the beta for 14 is coming
out two days after 13.
Two days between Final Fantasy titles in the US, if you think about it.
That's kind of strange.
Well, and here's something else, if you think about it, if it's going into the beta now,
maybe those May release dates are a little bit more accurate.
I don't know about May, but I bet the end of the year.
It sounds like Final Fantasy 14 will be out by the end of the year, and that's kind of
weird.
Like, I was not expecting it that soon, especially with 13 having taken as long as it did.
So pleasant surprise, I suppose.
Yes.
Alright.
Let's go over to Dark Sakura and whatever stories we skipped over because of all our
discussions on unicorns.
Acorn farting.
Well, just quick stuff, SNK Playmore announced that King of Fighters 13, whatever, it better
not suck like 12 did, but it's going to be run on Tytos Type X2 arcade hardware, the
same one that Street Fighter 4, BlazBlue, blah blah.
And hopefully it'll leak online, just like BlazBlue did.
And then there's an online Digimon battle game that's supposed to be coming out in the
US that's a version of the Korean Digimon RPG, which I actually, I think I'll freaking
play that because I love Digimon.
I know you do.
Dude, I was a big fan- I think it's ironic that this story's coming
out this week, because didn't we have some big discussion last week on Pokemon?
Yeah, we were talking about like Pokemon versus, it was in the OLR Madness that's going on
on the forums right now with the game voting.
We were talking about Pokemon, you were like, whatever, I'm still into Digimon.
Well, you know, I actually, I liked Digimon Zero 2 enough to have the movie on DVD, the
Japanese version of it on DVD, and um, well, a couple of movies, and I have like the first
two volumes of it on, of the Japanese version on DVD.
Someone I used to date a long time ago, just went on a couple dates with, made me watch
the Digimon movie.
I remember that.
You should watch the Japanese one, you should watch the Japanese one, it's actually really
good.
Is it?
I think I saw the English one.
So, alright, anyhow, going back into some other longer topics tonight, this one is one
that somewhat hits close to home, let me talk about this.
This is Activision doing a little bit of a douchey move this week.
They have pulled the plug on what was a fan project for the King's Quest series.
Now we've talked about this on the show before, it was a long time ago, but you might remember
the Silver Lining.
At one point this was called King's Quest IX, the Silver Lining, but then due to an
agreement with Vivendi, who bought the rights to all the old Sierra games, they had to take
out King's Quest out of the name, and they could develop this as like a community project
with the Silver Lining.
So they reached this little settlement.
Well now, Activision owns it, because of all the acquisitions that go on and so forth,
and Activision has demanded that this game stop completely.
They're not honoring the old agreement.
They have demanded that this cease and desist immediately.
Fuck them!
Phoenix Online has been doing this game since 2002.
And then yeah, so Activision has basically said, even though they don't have plans on
doing a sequel themselves, by the way, King's Quest is pretty much dead.
I think they should release it anyway.
Well they don't want to get sued, so I can't say I necessarily blame them.
Change the name and release it for free.
Now we actually, I believe we had one of the developers on the show many, many years ago.
I think you'd have to go back to old, like the To-Go podcast from 2005-2006 to find this,
but I want to say we had the guy on the show, because I remember going to some virtual press
conference online thing about it, and we also hosted a mirror of one of the early betas
for the game, I believe when it was still called King's Quest.
I think one of the big things they were touting, if I remember right, again this was like four
or five years ago, so please, my memory's a little shoddy, was that Roberta Williams
actually knew of the project, and although she couldn't officially give it her blessing,
she kind of gave it a wink and a nod, you know what I mean?
We hosted the beta for this.
I don't believe it went anywhere, I believe it's still on our website at orangelaunchradio.com
slash tsl.
I didn't get a letter, so do you want to see what this is all about?
Have fun!
I think it's kind of a douchey thing for Activision to do, when they know they're not, I mean
I realize they're in their rights to do it, just like when Nintendo shut down the movie
project, they were, the Zelda movie, we talked about this a couple months ago, they were
in their rights to do it, but with Activision just having bought this, saying they're not
going to do anything with it, but then putting the plug on this, when they already stripped
anything that was King's Quest related out of it, that's just douchey.
Activision gets our douche of the week award, there you go.
So I think that's unfortunate, and you know my thought is, I'm kind of with Jamie, I say
release it anyway, it's a torrent, but if you're really afraid of getting the pantsuit
off of you, seriously go back, change the name, change some of the text, change the
characters, nobody's going to freaking know.
Activision is not going to seek it out that hardcore.
If you go in and change the information so it's hard to detect that it once was the silver
lining, I bet you you'll have it.
We'll see.
I'm curious to see if the game gets leaked, I bet it does, and once it hits the internet
there is no going back.
We'll see.
Dark Sakura, what do you have for us up next?
Well, in other news we have a game called Voice Fantasy.
Square Enix has put a final trademark for it in Europe, and maybe it could be a Final
Fantasy vocal CD, maybe, who knows, but it could be something cool, hopefully it will
be cool.
Maybe it'll be like a sing-star voice fantasy or something too.
I guess it could be a karaoke controlled Final Fantasy 1, right?
Or maybe one that you have to sing to progress your game or something.
I want to fight, I want to cast holy.
Or maybe you have to sing accurately to progress.
Are you still playing the fucking unicorn game?
Yes.
God.
Amaze Shitsuma in chat says, douche of the week award, so Shirmi will poop on them.
Yes, we give a big Shirmi poop award to the folks at Activision this week.
The next time she takes a shit on the floor I'll take a picture of it so we can just send
it to whoever.
I like that idea.
That's a good idea.
Loki, put down the game and read some news for us.
Okay.
No, this is not a big surprise because I don't think it's really taken off as far as I'm
aware.
PlayStation Home.
Apparently advertisers are ignoring PlayStation Home, but they are interested in the PlayStation
Network.
Apparently a report coming from Brandweek saying that they're opting to pursue opportunities
in Xbox Live instead.
Apparently ad agency, looks like a publicist, Danaud, John Rafferty, they told the website
from the moment one, or from moment one it felt kind of clunky.
And once you got through that there wasn't much there regarding I guess the robotic nature
of PlayStation Home.
And I think, I mean it kind of makes sense because there's a lot of places to advertise
in PlayStation Home but if you're like me, you don't use PlayStation Home so you're not
seeing those ads so it makes more sense to put it on like say, you know, banner ads that
are on the PlayStation Network or banner ads on the Xbox Live Marketplace because you're
seeing those as you're going browsing for other things.
I think you hit the nail on the head.
There's no reason to go into PlayStation Home except when they launch something new that's
usually you go in there once and you go, oh, huh, and then that's it.
Neat.
Just like that, remember that salt that was on there?
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, went there once.
Yeah, I went in there a couple of times and played it and got some of the little things
and I was like, okay, done.
Yeah.
Because I think they wanted you to pay for like more and I was like, I don't really want
to pay for this.
Yeah.
It's not really, I mean it's just a souped up version of a game I played on my 386 computer
back in like 1993, you know.
Not really into it.
Well something that a lot of people are into is the idea of Nintendo starting over with
a brand new Wii.
Well it came out at the Nintendo Media Summit thanks to a GameSpot cornering Cami Dunaway.
Basically they say that there's not going to be a Wii successor anytime soon.
Apparently they're kind of looking for what happened with the PS2 is that they want to
kind of re-emulate the fact that they're on top for years and years.
Cami Dunaway was quoted in the GameSpot interview saying quote, even though our install base
is at this point 5 million households larger than the PS2 install base was at the same
point in the life cycle, it still has a lot of room to grow.
If you think PS2, there's been about 50 million sold.
Wii close to 25, 28 million sold.
So it says to me there's still a big audience out there that we can access with the Wii.
So basically we still have sold shitloads of these systems so why would we start over
with something new?
Just because the core gamers are mad.
The soccer moms are happy.
So F you.
It's raining money at my world hahaha.
So don't expect a new Wii to be announced at E3 this year.
But I think in great Nintendo fashion their way around this would be releasing the Wii
HD or something along those lines where it's not necessarily a whole new system but it's
a Wii plus like the DS Lite or something like that, you know what I mean?
That's what I could see Nintendo doing and then saying well it's still a Wii.
Yeah.
I don't know.
We'll see.
Alright anyhow we're gonna get into that section of the show where we interact with your emails.
It's the mailbag segment here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Every week Dark Sakura opens up the mailbag.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
It's all one word, mailbag, M-A-I-L-B-A-G at OrangeLoungeRadio.com if you have an email
you want Dark Sakura to read.
Looks like a lot of people took the opportunity this week, didn't they Dark Sakura?
Yeah.
Alright well get to reading.
Hey OLR Kardashians, okay.
I just discovered that I could walk from where I live to Valve's headquarters, yeah.
And there's a Gameworks in downtown Seattle that has BlazBlue, Street Fighter 4, Tatsunoko
vs Capcom, King of Fighters 1 million, and a few pinball thingies so if you ever are
up there for PAX I would recommend stopping by.
We went there.
Yeah we did.
We did stop by.
They had that whole room of Sega cranes, right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
And I played a few.
Oh since I'm entering high school I was wondering if I should learn Japanese.
Is it hard?
I would kind of want to know what my important future is telling me.
Typed with minor precision at 1240 AM, Austin.
Just to let you know, Japanese is not an easy language because honestly I think the biggest
difficulty in Japanese is the grammar.
Not necessarily the vocabulary but the grammar.
It's a little convoluted.
I was a Japanese major for a little while.
I know a few sites that will give you beginner lessons.
You can find them for free.
I think one is called iLearn or something but yeah just try a couple of those little
online sites and see what you think because I mean it really is kind of a convoluted in
comparison to English.
It really depends on what industry you want to get into when you get older and maybe you're
too young to know that now if you're just kind of like now going into high school which
you're probably too young to listen to this show actually so but.
Also depending on where you live because when I lived in Alabama it was good for me to know
French.
And here in California it's really good to know Spanish.
It's really good to know it.
I mean that's just you know there's a lot of jobs out there where they really want bilingual
people that speak Spanish so you might want to think about that.
I mean is Japanese really practical?
Well if you wanted to get into an industry that has to do with technology and possibly
you know relocating to Japan or working closely with Japanese business or finances.
Or going into the JET program.
Yeah any of that you know then yeah Japanese is going to be a practical language to learn.
Again you might be a little young to really know what you want to do.
When I was 15 I hadn't a clue.
Well I did have a clue.
I wanted to be a game show host but that didn't quite pan out.
I ended up changing my mind when I was like 24 on what I wanted to do.
So I changed my major eight times.
Yeah and most people do.
But just try to think maybe like one step ahead.
Am I just learning this because I think it'd be cool or you know is there like maybe a
practical use to this.
I think you'll thank yourself later.
Anyhow yeah but I agree with the Kuma JP.
Do it while you're young.
Learn a new language because it's much harder when you're older.
And I tried to learn a second language in high school.
I tried to learn Spanish and unfortunately I this is going to sound terrible because
you know I am a teacher of sorts even though I teach in a corporate environment as my day
job.
And I think teachers do great things but I had a Spanish teacher that was so terrible
she actually ruined Spanish for me.
Like I was not able to learn a language because this lady was so bad.
Thankfully she's not teaching anymore.
She didn't she didn't keep teaching very long.
But it's unfortunate that that one person kind of screwed it up.
You know.
I accidentally closed one of the emails and I don't remember which one it is.
Uh oh.
Spiadio.
Well okay.
This is from Tolgak.
After thinking about the Ubisoft DRM scheme I got to thinking what would happen if someone
DDOS'd the servers.
It seems to me like that would be the perfect target for DDOS attack to cause maximum damage.
A normal DDOS would only disrupt traffic but an attack against Ubisoft servers would cause
everyone's games to shut off and swamp their phone line.
I was wondering what you guys thought about this problem.
As a side question I wanted to know what you guys thought about having a homebrew no piracy
and tech themed show on all games co-hosted by me and Jaded.
By the way awesome show on the 22nd.
Who's that from?
Tolgak.
My first question about the um the I'm sorry the what oh the DDOS on the Ubisoft site sorry
I thought you had another comment um as far as that goes I think you just give another
reason to add to the list of why this type of copyright protection is stupid so just
add that to the ongoing list.
You bring up a valid point.
If Ubisoft gets DDOS there's really nothing to stop it's the same thing as the server
going down for whatever technical reason.
As far as the question about your all games podcast um that's something that has to be
decided by the all games staff which um although we're happy to work with them we don't make
decisions there so uh you wanna check out all games dot com and I know there's links
there on like how to submit your show and so forth so just kinda dig around there um
and I'm sure you'll find it or get in touch with me in chat and I can put you in touch
with the right people.
New blood fresh meat.
Yeah I mean I know they're open to having more ideas and I know what one thing that
they don't want is they really don't want more general video game discussion shows cause
you know they already have a lot of them including us um admittedly although we've been doing
what we do a long time uh but I think the idea of like a niche.
I don't know of well yeah I know we are but um I think also uh the idea of like a home
brew and I don't know of a show like that on all games unless I'm really behind on who's
on the network right now so I think that's always a good thing if you think of an idea
for a show that no one's done yet.
There you go.
Okay well moving on.
Hey OLR crew AZHP here again I was listening live to your show on Sunday though I wasn't
in chat because I was putting together Ikea furniture at the time I'm sorry.
Anyway when I heard you all report on the Ubisoft DRM that requires you to be on the
internet constantly in order to play Assassin's Creed 2 my first thought was are Ubisoft insane?
Do they want people to pirate their game because honestly once it's cracked the pirate versions
will actually be better than a retail copy.
You won't have to be connected to the internet to play and if your internet goes down during
the middle of the game it won't matter PC Gamer apparently did a test run of the DRM
and if you are playing and your internet goes out you won't even get a chance to quick save
before it boots you out of the game.
You lose all your progress since your last save.
Someone obviously dropped the ball here and is completely out of touch with gamers.
I was going to buy Assassin's Creed 2 but after hearing about this I don't think I will
anymore.
Now I don't think I'm going to pirate it since I'm not really interested in the game but
it doesn't seem like Ubisoft is actually encouraging people to pirate the game so they won't have
to deal with that DRM yours truly is HP and I just think that they're stupid.
I really have no comment I agree with your email 100% I really have nothing else to say
I think what you say is absolutely valid it's just encouraging piracy.
Alright next email it's kind of a cool email.
Hey OLR gang a quick question here I'm a techie very much like yourselves and I have a few
electronics in the house however it's starting to become a problem as I have a few wires
just dangling and crossing under my gaming desk.
My Wii, Xbox 360, computer setup all share the same space do you have any personal home
solutions or recommendations for organizing an otherwise jungle of wires as well as saving
me the time and money in the long run eliminating a potential fire hazard.
Randy from Texas.
I do I have a lot of suggestions because we do them please you can get a switch box first
of all for your systems you can also what we do in the studio is we have zip ties for
the although we don't really use them anymore but we have zip ties for our our cables for
our mics and for the the plugs and various hookups that way we can minimize what's there
to trip over you can also get I believe you can get them at Fry's or any electronics store
or computer store or just in general you can actually buy them online they're these kind
of long twisty things that they look like the like the the plastic ring binders you
know they go on like presentation books and stuff but you wrap you bind your cords together
and wrap them around your cords and then it leaves them as a long trail you can also duct
tape them to the floor I mean seriously my you can use electrical tape to bind them together
to my computer actually let me put in my my card my new graphics card we actually just
electrical taped all the bonus wires together so there's lots of stuff that you can do and
really you can get almost any of these things you know really cheap you can buy twist ties
you can get leftover ties we use in the studio or at the 99 cent store yeah I bought a pack
of eight of them for a dollar you know so you just have to look around you know really
the thing that you want to do is find something that's going to be non flammable something
that can bind them together honestly if you want something that's going to hold them securely
your best bet get a switch box or if you have them you know multiple hookups to your TV
I would get electrical tape and bind the ones to each specific system together and also
if you leave them at the right length for your binding you can if you need to transport
them just unplug them and move them easily and labels go a long freaking way even though
you might be thinking oh what a pain in the butt or you know they're so silly if you just
like label your wires at both ends oh my god you will be so happy later if you ever had
to move if you use the electrical tape method just get a sharpie right on the electrical
tape yeah ps3 you know it's very easy well you've seen the box of cables that we have
rob obviously where it's like you sort of have to look at the end and guess what it
is and oh be afraid if you happen to find an n64 or a super nintendo thing because they
use the same ones practically you know or if you happen to accidentally hook up your
japanese playstation to you know adapter and then realize it won't fit in your us one and
you know i'm just going off because it really does it really does help of course we have
big bins now in the vault where we keep all of that and don't know which one's which tape
all right also for speaker cables i'm just saying um you can get these uh plastic pieces
like for example if you're like we have our um surround sound wired and we didn't wire
it under the uh floor or anything yet but you can't and this is something i wanted to
do we haven't done it yet but you can get these plastic strips that you can adhere to
the floor that go the easement office buildings you know that to keep you from tripping over
wires that happen to be spread like for your speakers and whatnot so good suggestions yeah
you can find this anywhere just make sure that you get something that's you know electronic
safe and fire safe more emails one more it's long yay long email long email is long
i can't stop playing this are you still playing the magic unicorn game i'm gonna have a racer
stuck in my head on i'm gonna be having nightmares about erasure hello there olr this is uh gditz
writing in i'm the swedish dude who called a few shows ago and talked about drm and seeing
as exams are closing and i can't really spare the time to attend the next live show so i
figured i'd answer the call for european to write about it oh good the high piracy rate
over here and what might be the cause of it first off i don't have a lot of insight on
how game releases or pricing works in italy where the highest rate of piracy occurred
according to the study presented in last week's show i do however live in sweden where the
famous pirate bay bit torrent site was founded and where piracy is also frequent and now
there are quite a few factors as to why i have many times been tempted to pirate release
one of the biggest factors is for me whether or not i can purchase purchase a product legally
i hit something um when it comes to anime for example there usually isn't a retailer
around here to supply them if there is it's all dubbed or subbed in swedish which isn't
how i like my anime agreed i hate most english dubs you know i like watching when japanese
with subtitles another annoying thing is that the delay between us releasing the european
one usually it's usually a week or just a few days but once in a while a game takes
almost a full year to get over here one example is rock band 2 with the instrument bundle
and at the time of its release i didn't have any rhythm hardware for my ps3 and was stuck
with a hard decision from all the reviews and talk about rock band 2 and guitar hero
4 it was quickly confirmed that the second hardware iteration from the makers of rock
band was superior one and the game was also thought to be better but with the release
of rock band 2 bundle in europe wasn't even sent while guitar hero 4 was due in just a
few months now piracy wasn't an option since i needed the hardware and ended up buying
guitar hero 4 bundle to get the hardware and then bought rock band 2 disc which arrived
two weeks before guitar hero 4 as a side effect of this i now despise harmonix a bit for not
being able to ship hardware in a reasonable amount of time sorry drm now drm isn't different
for us europeans but it's still something to consider when buying a product even more
if you want to lend it to a friend install it several times just be able to play it without
an internet connection the worst drm i have to deal with on a daily basis is a cad computer
aided design program used for making mechanical parts and design requires not only a constant
online connection but also requires said connection to go through the school network um we're
using autocad interesting you know and we don't talk a lot about the the schemes used
in non-games well this means i have to run i have to vpn to the school network at all
times when using said software i can't even imagine how such extreme restrictions would
urge people to buy it when a pirated copy would mean a lot less hassle cost this is
one of the biggest hurdle for many people myself included and it goes a bit beyond what
americans have to go through from what i gather a new retail game over in the us cost about
60 which would be the equivalent of 450 swedish a swedish kroner however we have a value added
tax for each and every item we purchase in stores where the rate for any item can be
6 12 or even 25 added to the price in short a video game costs a swedish person 600 kroners
which is the equivalent of 80 even if i know the tax goes to education government funding
and health care it still leaves a big hole in my wallet every time i buy a video game
summary hopefully this letter gave you guys a better image of what gaming and the gamer
lifestyle is like across the sea even if we sometimes get treated as less as less important
market we still have to we still like to support our favorite developers and actually pay for
games we enjoy if you have any more questions i'll be happy to answer them when i get the
time but for now i have to get back to studying jeditz out good luck with your exams by the
way yes good email um i i'm a little sad though that it didn't come from one of the countries
that was really high on the list because i don't recall sweden being in the top 10 well
i do i do appreciate sweden very much without them we would not have abba but you know what
i mean seriously uh good email otherwise though it's it's always good to hear different perspectives
from around the world i found the other email by the way oh goody from uh our buddy rob
abba oh i haven't heard from him in a while i hope he's doing well i'm sure the challenge
for super mario galaxy 2 will be plentiful i noticed that the little starburst don't
say you're mr gay anymore now they say you're my gay that's almost sweet in its own way
oh rob all right excellent thank you rob abba appreciate it oh and yeah also we got a random
uh voice v-text even though we've covered this i'll go ahead and say it sure from um
i don't want to say the person's name i'll just say from sumi ragawa san um three new
characters been announced for super street fighter 4 ibuki makoto and deadly so we've
covered it i wonder if that was sent like during the show last week i bet it was probably
yeah there you go but i still wanted to read it it was short and why not why not we'd like
to read our emails mailbag orange lounge radio.com is the place to send emails we like emails
so hopefully we'll get some more uh meantime let's do our f us of the week because good
lord we have no shortage of angst this week after all these activision stories we're hearing
so uh i think we all know who's getting this dedication tonight
i'll give you a hint his name is bobby and i'm not talking about the uh always awesome
bobby blackwolf star sakura um well okay fuck activision whatever um fuck shermy's
poop for sticking up the house i seriously have no idea what the hell is up with my damn
cat she's only started doing this in the last month just pooping randomly she'll use her
box don't get me wrong and then she'll be like oh by the way mom i have left you a little
brown present in front of the bathroom and um f u2 um stomach problems that kept me from
going to the uh purim spiel last night i was looking forward to my first purim but i hurt
maybe another time next year we're sorry but our purin is in another castle loki um f you
two people that find it um necessary to stop their car a good four or five car lengths
behind the other car that's in front of them preventing you from going around them because
they're douchebags not only that they kind of drive slow or take turns really wide or
take turns really slow so a few bad drivers um i don't really have a lot of fus to be
honest um i'm relatively in a good mood all things considered but fu to moving that's
just been the one thing that's been on my mind i will be so happy that next week it
will be over and we can get on to other things like final fantasy 13 one more one more no
don't play the music i gotta go and you don't have to play play the music no there it is
sims 3 why are you giving the f you to your favorite game or one of them because it's
not loading because i think it because of my mod so i mentioned it in part a so all
right couple more news stories for you guys and then the skype line brace yourselves it's
always an adventure where every gamer has a voice uh monster hunter try is going to
be coming out april 20th um it will also be available in a bundle with the classic controller
player uh pro you know the classic controller with the extra little grips on them um and
of course that bundle will be available for sixty dollars whereas the game will be just
you know forty nine ninety nine what is interesting though is actually that first off uh game
self will be offering demo discs starting march 8th for those who pre-order and uh also
those who pre-order will get themselves a card for 500 we points so basically five dollars
back but not only that um the online play will actually be free to play as opposed to
that's in japan where you actually have to pay to play the game so it'll actually be
free to play online which i'm sure is very happy news for fans of the monster hunter
series i don't know it's it's neat look that's happy news for anybody free is awesome no
one likes to pay for stuff anyways sometimes you have to that's how society works yeah
damn commerce alright um one more story for you guys then we're gonna open up the skype
line at 1877 game olr our username on skype is orange lounge radio and that has to do
with a teaser trailer that was released this week um there's a new teaser trailer that
just uh hit the internet for pac-man battle royale yes it looks like that that early trademark
that was discovered is true there is a new pac-man game coming out and it's called battle
royale outside of that what else is this game about i don't know because this is probably
the worst teaser trailer i've ever seen in my life it's 13 seconds ready here it is there's
the namco logo and then oh yes i know that noise that's pac-man there's the logo that's
it sneak peek at amusement expo 2010 that was the whole teaser right there they didn't
tease anything we already kind of knew about it was a tease we're gonna tease you and let
you think that we've given you a teaser oh tease right but you can see at least on the
logo that there are four different colored pac-mans there's a yellow a red a pink and
a blue kind of like the ghosts in a weird way although i believe one of the ghosts is
orange not yellow but still it's chasing a ghost but it did they are chasing a ghost
so maybe it's some type of multiplayer pac-man ce that seems to be the popular thought as
to what this is all about plus they are showing this at the amusement expo 2010 so the thought
is mm arcade game possibly yeah arcade games so that's always good news to know that new
arcade games are coming out because unfortunately it's a genre we don't hear enough of in this
day and age so there it is all right we're gonna go to the skype line right now at one
eight seven seven game olr or our username on skype is orange lounge radio and take some
of your calls i don't know if we're gonna take a lot tonight but we're gonna try and
at least take some so we're gonna go right now to the phones hi you're on orange launch
radio who's this hey rob this is footy monster hey footy monster how are you oh man i tell
you it's been a couple of days uh now for those that don't know uh footy monster is
one of our listeners who lives um quite a distance away where do you live footy monster
for those new to the show i'm in chile right now uh-huh so so that's the big place that's
on the news lately because of an earthquake yes we've heard about it and where exactly
in chile are you i'm actually in santiago like in one of the major cities i was hit
by it wow are you but you're calling into the show so your internet's working i mean
is everything actually my my internet was working before my phone worked wow it's crazy
i don't understand how that happened the first thing i could do to tell like my mother in
argentina and like my friends and stuff that i was okay was through facebook wow weirdest
thing no no uh-oh this kind of leads into that whole talk we were having about social
networking did you hear that didn't i say that there are legitimate reasons and then
there's just the crap yes but it's it's it's still interesting in this context honestly
in that context the first click i did was to hit submit to say i'm okay the second click
was to join the i survived the earthquake group that's exactly what i did very nice
very nice well i'm i'm really glad to know you're doing okay and for any of our listeners
who might remember you from your previous phone calls um i'm i'm sure they're glad to
hear that you're okay too so yeah i'm assuming that's um vj ramen's idea that i that i call
in to let people know in case they hadn't heard but yeah no that's good to know are
you still doing a regular show i know you used to do the role-playing show but i think
you guys put that on hold right yeah well i moved here chile last year and uh i had
to put it on hold because of you know work and not knowing my schedule and stuff so i
put it i didn't put it on hold myself i gave the show like the reins of it to one of the
co-hosts and he decided to put it on hold and definitely so gotcha that's that but you
know i've been like uh about two weeks ago i was on a guest thing on video game news
radio oh fun so you know i was there if you care to listen to my musings but are those
the guys in cleveland or am i yeah they are they are okay oh wow okay cool yeah they're
the other guys that have been doing this a show forever like i think they've been on
about as long as we have this show as long as you guys have it's crazy that's cool yeah
it's a very different show than us it's it's more yeah you must have been calling in to
talk about uh like halo 3 or or some of the shooter games because they play or the call
of duty type stuff that's oh that's that's more the type of stuff they get into right
the best thing that they do is when they talk about nothing that's related to video games
honestly they just go on rants about how one of them is a trucker the other one is you
know a part of a job and it's hilarious i don't know how interesting that uh that would
be the uh interesting part of their show too honestly they actually had a spin-off they
have a spin-off show uh that they called some midwest wasteland i believe the name and uh
that's all they talk about like they just said you know what we're gonna scrap the video
game part of it and just go with what people actually like so it's pretty funny it's interesting
you bring up spin-off shows because you know jamie was doing a comic podcast for a while
and i know she had to put that on hold but uh there might be other spin-off shows in
the works you never know what might be coming so stay tuned so uh yeah you know i just wanted
to call in about that uh i didn't get hurt more than you know you know scraps bruises
that kind of thing from you know moving debris and stuff because one of our walls actually
came down wow uh that separates our well like our house from the neighbors and it fell down
on our cars so so our cars are now like you know they're covering rubble and now they
need to be repaired and stuff i remember jamie had a wall fall on her car i was just about
to say yeah i remember that happening it was um at my old apartment complex we had uh this
sort of uh stucco and brick wall that was around uh the dumpster and we had that windstorm
and the wall actually fell over on the car right yeah and it just dented one ridge on
it from where it impacted thankfully the car was still drivable though it looked like like
a just a ugly thing but yeah that's a car it's here so the car is just a car it's replaced
yeah that's yeah that's the only thing i can be thankful of although i mean i don't know
you guys are in california so you kind of are used to like you know the earth shaking
i suppose the place we live is not nearly as bad with the earthquakes we've felt a few
but they're usually not that bad but i do go to san francisco a lot and i have a lot
of friends over there you know and it's a little more it's a little more prevalent over
there um but it's just it's weird how many earthquakes there have been lately like in
the last two months there have been four major earthquakes haiti chile japan and taiwan and
there was all the same there was also a pretty big one in california on the north coast it
was off the coast but it was uh the out in the ocean by eureka like i remember it made
the news here it was it was above a six it's a pretty big deal yeah well actually we've
We've been having, you know, the earthquake itself here, where it hit here in Santiago
was about 7 point something.
It wasn't quite 8 and at the epicenter it was 8.8.
But we've been...
We've got 2012, 2012, 2012.
Yeah, if you look at the footage that you will see on TV, most likely from that place,
which is about 300 kilometers away from here.
But still, you know, in earthquake distances that's nothing.
Like it still hits pretty hard all around.
So, you know, it wasn't as bad as that, but still what's funny or not that funny actually
and that actually has me scared shitless lately is that every few hours there's going to be
an aftershock.
And those aftershocks can reach 6.1, 6.5 and all of a sudden you're just doing your things
and everything's just shaking again.
And you know, after we're waking up at 3.34 a.m. to an earthquake that, you know, fell
the wall on your car, you know, you get really nervous all the time.
Especially for me, this is my first major thing because I live in Argentina.
Nothing happens.
Like there's no earthquakes, no tornadoes.
Well, I heard they felt this one in Buenos Aires, so...
Yeah, yeah, but I've been in Buenos Aires when we quote unquote feel an earthquake and
it's like, oh, look, there's a wind gust.
And it's like it's nothing.
But like being here, I was honestly just...
I don't remember being afraid.
I don't remember anything.
I just remember like running away outside, away from trees and walls, just, you know.
Footy monster, just, you know, just do your best to be safe and, you know, don't live
in fear too bad because, you know, if it's your time, then lightning could strike you
when you're walking down the street, you know.
That's true.
Anything could happen ever.
So don't live in fear.
But always have a plan.
And I think this is a good lesson for all the listeners.
You know, even though we're a video gaming podcast, this is still a good opportunity
to talk about, you know, if something bad happens, do you know what you would do?
Like for example, you listening to this show, bam, something's happening right now.
There's an emergency.
An earthquake happens where you are right now.
Do you know what you would do?
I have one piece of advice in regards to that because it's been baffling my mind what people
have been doing here.
If there's an earthquake going on, if there's some sort of natural disaster going around
you, don't grab your laptop.
Don't grab your DS.
Just get out.
Just go get...
Be safe.
Put your long shoes on because that's probably going to be dangerous if you're just walking
in a flooded place and, you know, try to get shoes at least.
But other than that, just get out and everything else is replaceable.
I've been looking at people ransacking like supermarkets and department stores and they're
taking LCDs with them when they don't even have a house anymore and then to feed themselves.
I don't even get it.
Like some people are stupid.
They react stupidly to this thing.
So that would be my advice.
Be smart.
Just be safe first.
Then worry about everything material.
That is some unfortunate but necessary advice, especially for a tech-savvy crowd.
Footy, I'm going to have to let you go to get some more calls, but stay safe, okay?
All right.
Thank you so much, guys.
We're all thinking of you.
Take care.
You too.
Bye.
Oof.
I hope that's the last of it.
I hope there's not another big earthquake coming.
Oh, boy.
Oh, boy.
All right.
Well, we still have time for some more calls.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
Feel free to call in.
Tell some dick and fart jokes to kind of relieve the tension a little bit.
It'd be nice.
We're going to talk about the unicorn game with Loki because he will not stop playing
it over there.
I can't help it.
It's so addicting.
I just found something else disturbing.
Sure.
What's that?
The Wonder Twins are on Smallville now.
Goody, goody.
What's that mean?
Wonder Twin powers activated.
Oh, God.
Wow.
Amazing.
All right.
Let's go to the phones.
Hi.
You're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
Hey, it's Rama.
What's up, everyone?
Hey, Rama.
How are you doing?
We're good.
How are you?
I'm good.
A couple of things.
Well, I want a reference back to the beginning of the episode about how they're trying to
pass that little ban on swearing for a week.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, huh?
Yeah.
A few months ago, they tried to do the same thing here in New York, but they tried to
ban the N-word.
It didn't get that far.
You know, and free speech is free speech, so I wouldn't support that.
But there's a huge difference between the N-word and the F-word.
You know what I mean?
Yes, I do.
There's a huge difference.
I still think people just shouldn't say the N-word out of good taste.
Even if we were going to say, you know what, we're going to have our week where we're just
going to start swearing profusely in protest of this law, and we're going to say every
dirty word we can think of, and we're going to say fuck, shit, piss, so forth, I still
wouldn't say that word.
You know?
Of course.
I mean, there are times I find myself saying it by accident, or depending on the company
that I am with, you know?
But there are times I do find it a little bit offensive, but half the time I just don't
care, because it kind of falls into free speech, and it just doesn't bother me at all.
Right.
I'm like, you know, and I read a comment from the chatroom, GS68 says, wait, is it not being
able to say the N-word censorship?
I guess, yeah, it is.
But my whole thought is that I just don't want to say that, because there's a big heavy
weight that comes with saying that word, and a lot of responsibility, like, you know, and
it's one of those don't write checks your ass can't cash kind of thing.
Does that make sense?
You know?
So if you're going to say a word like that, you better be prepared for the social repercussions
that come with a very, what's the word I'm looking for, a very emotion-inducing word.
Well, Chris Rocks, though, said that if it's Christmas Eve, and someone beats you in the
head when you're trying to buy the last Barbie doll, that you can call them that for, like,
45 minutes.
Yeah, at four o'clock in the morning, within a two-block radius, yeah.
And you have to show your receipt.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, I actually listened to that very recently, that was funny.
Excellent from Kitsune in chat, saying the N-word is disrespectful, saying fuck is not,
unless you call someone a fucker.
But I call people fucker all the time, I call my husband fucker.
I call people fuckers and motherfuckers all the time, and sometimes it's a term of endearment,
like bitch.
Like, God, Jamie, you're such a bitch, but I mean that in positive, you know?
Back when I was hanging out with a certain somebody, we used to, we actually had a whole
conversation about that, about how the only people who could use those particular terms
of the people are the ones that applied to, you know, contextually, you know, and they
even had a mention of that in the Hebrew Hammer, I thought was absolutely hilarious.
Um, but, uh, so we used to go around, you know, calling each other, I guess, the H-word.
I'm gonna say it.
Honky.
Oh, okay.
I was gonna say, what pray tell is the H-word?
Okay.
You know, cracker and everything.
Yeah, yeah.
You know, because it was like, okay, well, so they can do it, why can't we?
So we had that conversation, so we just started going around doing it, you know, as, as a
point of order, you know, it's not, it's not supposed to be insulting when you're the one
doing it.
When it's, it's sort of like you taking it and turning it around.
At the same time, you know, if someone else came and said that, it'd be like, oh, insult,
blah, blah, blah.
You know, but, you know, I, I could go on a whole rant about this.
I believe it.
And we'll tie this into video games because you might be sitting there going, what is
this discussion on language and words have to do with video games?
Sign on to Xbox Live and play any popular multiplayer game on Xbox Live and you will
see why this discussion is important because that whole spiel I said about don't write
checks your ass can't cash when it comes to saying some things.
Yeah.
Like some people like to, or love to hide behind that anonymity on Xbox Live and just
write checks left and right that are going to bounce if you know what I mean.
Wow.
So anyhow, Rama, after such a deep conversation, do you have a dick and fart joke or at least
a video game you've been playing lately?
Video game, but before I get into it, I just want to know, did you hear me on my keyword?
No.
Okay, good.
Okay.
Um, no, you're fine.
I downloaded Blaster Master Overdrive.
Ah, yes, yes.
I talked about this a couple of weeks ago.
What did you think?
I really liked it.
Um, my roommate, he's, he's played it.
He, his main gripe is the fact that in the original NES version, you could jump higher
with Sophia.
I didn't even catch that difference, but that's a good one.
He caught that.
The controls were what pissed me off.
That whole straight with the button.
Ugh.
Yuck.
So, but otherwise you liked it?
Classic controller right there, you know?
Yeah.
They needed the classic controller.
It's just, there were these few little imperfections with the game that needed to be fixed.
You know what I mean?
But the fact of the matter is we have a sequel.
I think we're kind of more excited about that than anything else.
That's true.
At least it happened.
Better than nothing.
All right, Rama, I'm going to let you go so we can get some more calls, but thank you
so much.
Okay.
No problem.
And have fun with Blaster Master and the remixed music.
That's pretty good.
All right.
Later.
Um, we can probably squeeze in one more call.
I need to go to Loki though if he's taking a break from the unicorn game and see if there's
any last minute stories.
Jamie too, if she has anything.
No, I'm ranting in the chat room.
Really?
Yep.
Okay.
Apparently the SRB has revealed yet another Lips game on the way.
Apparently it's called I Heart the 80s and it will feature such songs including, let's
see here.
That doesn't really say, but they say some of the songs, of course, or lyrics that are
in there.
She's a very kinky girl.
I really need to love.
I really love to taste her and you don't have to sell your body to the night.
So I don't even recognize those songs.
I recognize that she's a very kinky girl.
I do recognize that one.
That one I recognize.
Let's take a quick call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawn's radio.
Who's this?
Good evening.
You crossed the, uh, supposed like, Oh, what the fuck?
I'm lost.
It anyway.
Hello there.
Oh Lord.
This is my kid.
Hello.
Hi.
How are you doing?
I'm doing just fine.
Now, what do you think about this whole fact that now we have like a second Swedish listener?
Are you okay with that?
What?
Yeah.
Did you hear that?
He called in a couple of weeks ago too.
We have another guy in Sweden who listens.
Oh damn.
Of course.
I know Sweden's a big place.
I'd be all like, do you guys know each other?
But you know, that would be like a little silly because that's like when people ask
me if I see celebrities, cause I live in California when LA is like eight hours away from here.
And even when you're in LA, you don't really see celebrities cause celebrities don't really
like to, you know, they don't really go out in public and shop at, you know, Vons often,
you know, it's, it's, it's different.
But anyway, what's on your mind?
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to get on the tangent there.
Uh, well, what was I gonna, well, I have a question for Jamie actually since, well, uh,
how would you, if someone, if a Sims 3 player that plays Sims 3 quite a bit would actually
attempt to try to play Sims 2, how would that feel?
Wait, wait, wait, say that.
Taking a step backwards.
I think like if you're a Sims 3 fan, I've gone back and played Sims 2 and it was fun
picking up my old games cause there's actually, um, because the mod community, you know, there's
so much more out for Sims 2, I could do a whole lot more in my games.
I really enjoy going back to Sims 2 every so often.
But I, I, I'm, wait Sims 3 is catching up.
So yeah, well, yeah, because, well, the, because I have been, because the most accurate, the
most fun I'm having is that since I have the expansion, since I have the World Adventures
expansion, I have this, I, I, I like having my Sims doing like doing the spar part against
each other because like the kung fu part is like way entertaining actually.
I just have to share, I'm looking over at DarkSakra's desk and World Adventures is sitting
right on the desk under, under one of her knitting projects right there and then high
end loft stuff is right there too.
Yep, I just got them together.
Wow.
It's, I need to re-install everything.
It's just funny you brought it up cause they're sitting on her desk right now.
I'll take a picture.
Speaking of high end, high end loft stuff, do you think it's worth it?
They're worth it.
Because I, the problem myself is that, well, because I was found like cheap, found like
cheap Sims 2, Sims 2 game was that I found like, like the original Sims 2 and a few expansions.
The expansions for the second part is the animal thing, whatever, the pets and the travel
parts and the supposed annoying thing is that, well, the expansions in Sims 2 that I'm interested
of I don't have yet.
Since the expansions that I'm interested in are the year round, the seasons and free time
because well, at the current, my Sims 3 game I find is a bit boring, but in a way kind
of funny since, well, I like to have my, have my, have my Sims sleeping outside.
Like with, yeah, well I know that for world adventures you've got the tents and everything.
To be honest, my whole thing with, with Sims 2 was really just building houses, which is
the same thing I do in Sims 3.
I love building houses.
So that's really all I do in it, is just build houses.
Oh well.
But I do, if you were looking, if you don't want to pay for, you know, like the high end
loft stuff, because I mean, I got it because, you know, it was 20 bucks.
I was there.
I had the money to blow.
That's why I got it.
But if you go to mod the Sims or the Sims resource, you can get all kinds of stuff.
And if you, you know, if you sort right, you know, for which expansions that you have,
you can get all kinds of, of just really cool stuff that's all made by, you know, user made
content.
Yeah, but here's the other thing, I don't even know if you can tell me, but I, the only
thing I want to know in any kind of way is that, well, are there, are the stuff that's
included in high end loft stuff, are there better, actually a point better than things
in the original, things that you get, that you get in the expansion or the original game?
Well, I haven't actually got it to run yet.
Okay.
Yeah, mine froze, I think because of all the mods I have already installed, because I have
like the no blur mod, you know, so you can actually see them naked.
I hate the blur, it just annoys me.
And I have like, you know, a couple of slider hacks so that I can, you know, change different
parts of the body and I think I might have to reinstall everything to get my games to
play.
Well, I have, and I can't, I can't say anything on that because I have, I'm using no mods
at all, unfortunately.
So I will.
Well, maybe she'll, she'll have a better answer for that component in a couple of weeks when
she gets all that fixed, but kind of going back to the original question, I think that
the best point that was made by, by Jamie there was the whole point about that if there's
something you want to go back and kind of experience that was in too, especially with
all the mods that were done for it and probably a bunch of scenarios that exist out there
on the internet and so forth, that's really the best way to do it.
And the fact it's, it's dirt cheap now.
Yeah.
You can get the whole Sims Uber collections gotta be really affordable at this point,
right?
I think so.
I mean, you probably get like, I think they do like whole box sets now, but Aki ripper,
I say, take it to the extreme, go all the way back and play Sims one.
Oh no.
Uh, and I don't think that's possible with my computer since I'm running, uh, running
64, 64 bits, uh, seven windows seven at the moment.
So I don't think that's possible.
All right.
I can remember we got to let you go so we can wrap up the show, but thanks so much for
the call.
Okay, buddy.
Oh, later.
Have fun simming.
All right.
Thanks so much guys for the calls tonight.
Apologies to those that didn't get through.
Uh, we had a lot of stuff going on tonight though.
So, uh, again, you can always send us an email and tweets and all that good stuff.
Please do.
Uh, many ways to interact with orange launch radio.
We always appreciate it.
All right.
Let's go around and, uh, wrap up any other last minute stories.
I cut Loki off for that call.
That's all right.
Uh, pump it up.
Fiesta has been unveiled to be coming out March, 2010.
This is the brand new, um, upgrade for pump it up.
This would happen to some of the folks behind in the groove are now with like the pump it
up folks.
I don't know.
That's what I thought happened.
Apparently though, uh, uh, Fiesta will, um, strengthen the intermediate steps for a pump
lovers, uh, mania and newly improved easy steps for beginners.
Players also have the option of versus mode in Fiesta.
Uh, let's see, uh, separated interfaces to better accommodate general players and pump
lovers from the start.
Users can play one of the custom made steps by using a USB.
So custom sets, kind of cool.
And uh, this is compatible with both a personal USB and pump USB, whatever that I imagine
they're all about the same anyways.
Go have a Fiesta with pump it up Fiesta.
They do have a partial song list out of Siesta.
I'm trying to see if there's anything other than Banya stuff on here.
Uh, Oh, good old Banya tons of Banya, uh, Banya production stuff.
They did a remake of a Turkey March, I guess Turkey that's been in, that's been in pump
forever.
Yeah.
Uh, a lot of remakes and remixes in there.
That's kinda cool.
Um, all right.
And I'm getting corrected in chat.
That's pump it up.
Pro says AJ mix and a Y Y R says pump it pro two is not the same thing as Fiesta.
So I guess there's two different pumps series.
Okay.
I kind of lost track.
Sorry guys.
Let's go, Oh, he, he, it's the five panel game.
I that's, that's how much I know of pump.
Sorry.
No offense to the community.
Even though the game just came out last week, a new line cinema has a option, the rights
for the film adaptation of heavy rain, even though the game plays out pretty much like
a film anyways, I guess I could see that, uh, and then that's pretty much all I wanted
to talk about.
All right.
Well, that's going to bring us to the close of a show, but not until we go around and
get everybody's final thought.
But first let me say a big thank you to everybody of course, for tuning in and supporting orange
lounge radio and supporting independent podcasting.
Um, you know, we don't really make any money off the show.
In fact, we pay to do it.
Uh, so we do really appreciate all you guys who help us spread the word.
All we ask, just tell, you know, one or two people about the show and help us spread the
word.
And of course we always do love, love, uh, when people post kind reviews of us out on
the internet, whether it be on, um, uh, iTunes or whether it be on, you know, what are the
other big sites that are out there, podcast alley or what have you, wherever you choose
to post it.
We really appreciate it.
So thank you guys so much for all the kind words about us on the internet.
Okay.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
We'll start with a Loki tonight.
Loki, what's your final thought.
I can't wait to go home and install hyper spin 1.0 into my cabinets and finally drop
down that list of games so I can actually play some stuff.
My final thought is itchy.
Yes.
Dark Sakura.
Tasty.
That's your final thought?
Tasty.
You said itchy.
I said tasty.
All right.
There you go.
Itchy and scratchy.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
And Jill.
Yeah, I get it.
You don't want to end up a Jill sandwich.
Anyhow.
Thank you guys so much.
Uh, we'll be back here next week to do it all again.
So until then, uh, that's going to do it for tonight's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Have a great week everybody.
We'll see you next week with another episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those
of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com, but we're probably right
anyway.
See you next week.
