Orange Lounge Radio
Here's your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky and Lowkey
Tonight, February 21st, 2010, Nintendo hits Australian piracy again,
EA is going to shut down more servers, and a recent HD fighting game is being ported to the iPhone.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio,
the video game podcast where every gamer has a voice.
We are live at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com
Thanks to the folks at All Games Radio for letting us steal their bandwidth
every week right after the Bobby Black Wolf show, live on Sunday nights.
My name is Rob Roberts, I'll be joining you over the next few hours.
With me is always say hello to my one and only co-host, DarkSakura.
One and only?
Well, you know, one and only sidekick.
I don't know, because I always introduce Lowkey as tech master Lowkey.
He's still a co-host, but that's just the way it is.
You made him spit out his chicken.
I'm sorry. Lowkey knows I love him.
Not in a, you know, no homo.
Isn't that what the rappers say now?
I think I was seeing something the other day where, I don't know, some rappers were talking about,
you know, yeah, yeah, you look really good in that outfit. No homo.
Although I am a homo if you haven't already heard, so whatever.
This show's off to a very strange start already tonight.
It's not just the bandwidth issues, is it?
Yeah.
So anyway, how you doing, DarkSakura?
I'm doing.
All right.
And of course, the one and only tech master Lowkey is here as well.
Hello.
How you doing, Lowkey?
Good.
All right.
So we're gonna be talking video games, of course, over the next few hours with you guys
at our chat room, chat.orangelaungeradio.com.
And I want to apologize in advance.
Live radio tonight, I don't know what's going on.
We're having some bandwidth issues in all games, and I think it's kind of why we're off.
It's not all games' fault, though.
They're perfect, because Bobby had a flawless show.
But it's something to do, I think, with Comcast somewhere.
So we're actually starting at 6.15 tonight to give you an idea of how many internet issues we have.
But that's the joy of doing live radio.
I gotta say, there's not a lot of podcasts out there that do it live.
You know, obviously there are several.
But there's not a lot that do the phone calls and all that other stuff.
And that's just part of the fun of it.
You know, I think it's the best way to make sure that every gamer has a voice.
So you have to take the bad with the good, and sometimes there's gonna be bandwidth issues.
All right.
So we also have a special guest here in the studio tonight.
And it's not often we get guests at Studio Dark Sakura, besides Shermy, of course.
But sometimes you have Dan, and I know Tiara's been here before as well.
But tonight we have another special guest.
Say hello, everybody, to Salacious Pop.
Hello.
How are you?
I'm good. How are you?
Good.
Now, it's funny that I was talking about No Homo earlier, because Salacious Pop happens
to be my boyfriend.
That's right.
I brought my boyfriend to the show tonight.
So how are you?
I'm great.
Yes.
So tell the listeners a little bit about yourself and video games, like what you're into.
Like, what kind of video games do you play?
Without telling us about your gaming week, what would you say would be your favorite
video game and the types of stuff you're into?
Music and rhythm games, RPGs, and adventure games.
Yeah?
And what would you say is, like, your favorite video game ever?
Valkyrie Profile.
Yeah?
Why?
The art direction, the story, the multiple endings, and the music.
Gotcha.
What was, like, kind of, how did you get into video games?
Did you get into video games when you were, like, older?
Or was it something you've, like, had a controller in your hand since you were born?
Or what?
I think I got an Atari 2600 when I was about six or seven years old.
And from there I graduated up to the NES and Super NES and played all these Sierra Online
games and that was it.
Very cool.
And, of course, the chat room's chiming in here.
Leachum6 in chat says, does that mean plus homo?
I guess.
I don't know.
Whatever.
We're just, you know what, we like video games.
That's the important thing here.
So, yeah, we're going to talk about video games over the next few hours and the latest
that's going on in video games and news and everything.
I don't know what it is.
Tonight is just an off night.
I don't know if it's, like, the bandwidth or what, but I just feel kind of off and it
has nothing to do with Alan being here.
Or maybe I'm cracking under the pressure.
I don't know.
Is it different being here?
Because you've listened to the show before, obviously, right?
You've commented in chat.
Is it different being here in studio than it is listening?
Absolutely.
How is it different?
Because I'm on live radio.
Because you're on live radio?
Because you get in the middle of the chicken.
And I'm nervous.
You're nervous?
Don't be nervous.
It's fine.
We've gotten away with this crap for some reason.
Dan's in the other room.
I'm nervous.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, don't be nervous.
And even Loki.
Loki seems a little off tonight, too.
What's going on, Loki?
Because I asked Loki a question earlier.
He has malaria.
He got a little bitchy with me.
Loki's not usually the bitchy one.
Dark soccer.
She's the bitchy one.
Loki.
I didn't get bitchy.
I was joking.
You were a little bitchy.
I was joking.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, that's what I tell Dan once a month.
She's like, well, someone didn't give me the stories that I put in there.
I'm like, well, that's too bad.
But here's the thing.
Here's the thing.
It was funny.
Here's the thing the listeners have to know.
Loki, although I know he kind of gets branded as the angry one on the show, because he does
his little rants when it's appropriate.
And he's the angry guy on the show.
He's actually, if you meet him in real life, he's one of the nicest people you'll ever
meet.
Seriously.
I really mean that.
Loki goes out of his way to help people.
He's that guy you can call when your computer's broken or that tech guy everybody knows that
you can call, right?
I'm the angry one.
Yeah.
And Jamie's usually the angry one.
But tonight is weird because Loki was kind of like, well, I don't know, too bad.
And then Jamie's like, I'm going to knit the listeners a sweater.
Well, no, it was just like she wanted to put stories in and I forgot to put them in there.
And I'm like, well, I can't do anything about it now.
It's no big deal.
I don't think anyone cares.
I was trying to be funny.
But it's just funny.
I wasn't like, damn you woman.
Why are you complaining?
I was never like that.
How can I be mad?
I have chicken.
No.
How can anybody be mad?
And Rob brought churro chips.
That's right.
These delicious.
I'm going to endorse these.
They don't pay me, but these chips are delicious.
I think I would like another couple of them, please.
They're Stacy's cinnamon sugar pita chips and they're delicious.
And I bought them at Walgreens.
No, wait, wait, wait.
Get back in here.
Wait, is a Dan approaches?
Put your butt back in here.
Throw the pester ball at Dan.
See if he can catch his attention.
Pester, pester.
Baller, baller, baller, baller, baller, baller.
I guess he didn't want to come in.
All right.
Anyhow, when he hears us saying something that he doesn't agree with, he'll pop in and
let us know.
All right, let's start off.
You can know he's going to stick his head and go, bitches.
All right.
Dan was just trying to say hi to Alan.
All right.
Let's go around and see how everybody's gaming week was.
Usually we start the show with a little bit of how is your gaming week, but tonight we're
broken.
If it's your first time listening, I'm sorry.
If it's your 50th time listening, I'm sorry.
All right, DarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
It was a lot of Star Trek online because I have a new graphics card, or really I have
someone else's old graphics card, but it's new to me.
In fact, the box of it is sitting right behind you.
It's a-
Indeed.
Oh, it's a GeForce 9800 GTX Plus Black Edition with bells and whistles and crack falling
out of it.
Have you ever clocked it yet?
No.
You should.
We'll see.
Because it's easy and it's extra juice.
We'll see.
Okay.
Why don't you ever clock the card, woman?
Don't you know what you're doing?
Well-
I couldn't-
I've had it.
It went in on Wednesday.
Since then, I've had a friend in the hospital.
I've had homework.
I've had a meeting-
Is your friend okay?
Is this someone I know?
Are they okay?
I don't think he-
I haven't met him.
One of my friends from Temple, he went in with something with his heart.
I'll tell you more offline.
So I went to see him at the hospital, and I've been trying to play Star Trek online
today, but my internet's been kind of-
Every time I would pick a system to go to, it would-
Okay, you know on Ragnarok Online, when you would have a hiccup, and your character would
just suddenly back up a bajillion miles back from wherever you were before?
I understand, but I'll bet you maybe 1% of the listenership understands.
Well, it'd be like, my ship would hiccup, it would backtrack, so you'd actually see
the trails going backwards ahead of the ship, and it would change direction.
And I'm like, what the hell?
So basically your computer was telling you, I can't keep it moving, I don't have the power!
It wasn't even letting- giving me any option to enter the system when I was manually controlling
it to go there.
I was like, well crap, I can't, you know, level, but I started my Klingon the other
night, and that was pretty cool.
I have Klingon now.
So the system was down.
The system is down, dude.
The system is down.
Okay.
I was also playing little clone games on my Linux box.
I was playing, I think it was called like, Penguin Freeze or something, and it's best
to move with penguins.
And they had Connect Four, and I was playing Minesweeper, and the little, you know, just-
Is socially awkward penguin in the game?
I guess.
And then, I was playing Puzzle Bobble in Flash, which is pretty fun.
And that's about it, yeah.
Alright.
And I slept.
Techmaster Loki.
How was your gaming week?
Actually, before I get to that, I should say, some of the people in chat are commenting
on the exchange earlier about the Switching Personalities night.
Sj100matt, go USA in chat.
That's right, it's Olympics time.
Sj100matt says, Loki missed posting stories, but at least he has chicken.
Loki Jenkins.
I just wanted honey barbecue chicken.
Every now and then I get the craving for it.
There's nothing wrong with chicken.
You know, I kind of have a cold right now, so it was the only thing that sounded good.
Chicken and vitamin C. Orange chicken.
Yeah.
Orange chicken, yeah.
There you go.
Let's see, this week, didn't play a whole lot of stuff.
I did put in a good five hours worth of Borderlands though yesterday, so that was fun.
Started doing Mad Moxie's Underdome Riot, and it's very tedious.
Although I did play one round with a friend earlier in the week during lunch, and it was
actually pretty fun co-op, but single player, man, it's pretty boring.
But it was cool, so I played that a little bit, and I'm just kind of working through
Borderlands still.
It's still very fun, and can't wait for the next expansion to come out.
That would be pretty cool.
Although, what a weird level cap though.
They capped it at 61 in the new expansion.
Huh.
I mean, it's like, okay.
Well, maybe there's going to be four more expansions, so it'll be 62, and then 63.
Who knows?
It's still dumb, but 61, okay, that's what you want to stop at, fine with me.
And then, of course, more Grand Theft Auto.
In fact, actually, I want to say that I'm in the top 200 now for cumulative.
I'm not really sure about that, but I know for a fact though, I'm in like the mid 70s
now for true skill rankings, so I'm in the top 75 players in the world, so that's pretty
awesome.
And if one of our listeners wants to serve you a slice of humble pie, how can they do
that?
Just find me online.
We play just ranked games now, so if you happen to be playing a ranked game around 10, 1030-ish,
you know, 3, 330, and then sometime between noon and one, depending on if we're playing
during lunch, you should be able to find us, because there's no one on there.
So it's pretty easy.
We have four systems and we're able to get into ranked games together easy, so...
We're looking for people to play because everybody keeps dropping one when they play with us
because they get pissed off that we kick the crap out of them.
And not that we do it on purpose, I kick the crap out of everybody, including my coworkers,
and they get pissed off too, but, you know.
I don't know.
QQ more.
They make fun of me, they're like, what?
And they'll get ahead or something and they'll be just like, aww, you're just sucking it
up today, blah, blah, blah, I'm like, alright, now I gotta kill you.
See how they go and do that, and now you're just gonna learn the lesson that's involved
with, you know, criticizing my playing.
And that is death.
Lots and lots of death.
In very humiliating ways.
So yeah.
Alright.
My gaming week, not a whole lot to report on.
I moved this week, though, I have a really good excuse.
I have a new place that I'm living at, and I'm still without internet, so not even a
lot of wow this weekend, it's kinda sad.
But I did play a little bit of wow, of course, earlier in the week, I mean, come on, it's
me we're talking about.
I was playing that right up until they unplugged the internet.
And then after that, probably my other big gaming thing was that I actually went to Roseville
Golf Lamb this week, the great place where video games go to die.
Although I have to say, the games I was interested in playing were all working fine, and I did
play lots and lots of BeatMania Distorted, and I was playing the old school songs in
Distorted.
But I know Alan tried playing, like, King of Fighters, or something, what was wrong?
You were playing, what, King of Fighters 98 or something, what were you playing there?
Yeah, it was King of Fighters 2003.
And the first player side had a button missing, and the second player side couldn't move left.
Or forward when you're second player.
So that was a great time.
So it's so easy to fix, too, though.
Imagine trying to play a fighting game without moving forward.
You know, this means photo time again.
But I gotta say, the 2DX machine worked fine, and all the music games actually seemed to
be in really good shape.
You were playing DJ Max Technica.
Yeah, that was working fine, right?
I'm gonna give you an example of how long it's been since I've been there.
They didn't have the 2DX machine set up the last time I was there.
You know what?
Not a lot's changed, I gotta be honest.
It's a lot of ticket redemption machines still, and this is really true of any arcade I could
probably mention.
It's mostly ticket redemption machines.
It's a safe bet.
Yeah.
I did play a little bit, Alan and I sparred on Mario Kart, and it's nothing like Mario
Kart, the home version.
You know, I've been wanting to play the second one, because they have a second GPRK, but
yeah, the GPRK ones are kind of boring, actually.
But hey, port them in the home systems.
Make them playable online.
Oh, wait.
I'm asking too much.
All right, so that was pretty much my gaming week.
Not a lot of exciting stuff, because, you know, without me moving right now, hopefully
I'll have more next week.
I know I will in two weeks, when Final Fantasy XIII's out, so just wait.
Alan, how was your-
It's only two weeks away.
I know.
It's exciting.
It is exciting.
I'm so excited.
All right, Alan, how was your gaming week?
What'd you play?
I played a lot of WoW, because for some reason, you know, someone got me into that.
I don't know who, but yeah, so lots of WoW.
Logged into my City of Heroes characters.
I still play that.
The next expansion, Going Rogue, is actually due out in July.
So I just logged in to, you know, get- refamiliarized myself with my characters.
Played some Gyromancer, the DLC, the extra hard maps.
Now that it works.
Yes, now that it works.
And a Valkyrie profile DS is really what I'm playing right now.
Very cool.
City of Heroes, real quick, because it's not a game we've talked a lot about on the show.
I think we've all kind of, like, dabbled in it a little bit.
I've got the architect addition in my closet.
Like, I know you kind of played it, like, a little bit, but not, like, extensively,
right?
What does City of Heroes have, because you're obviously still playing it while you're juggling
WoW.
What does City of Heroes have for you in an MMO that WoW is lacking?
The ability to come up with a very strong character concept, and the costume designer
is so powerful that you can pretty much have a completely unique character.
Oh, I love that.
I downloaded that little Korean client that you could just play with all day and not have
to even have an account.
That was so much fun.
And I did notice that when you were showing me your thing, like, how you could, like,
go in a phone booth and you'd have, like, the different costumes.
You could save, like, five different costume presets.
It didn't seem to affect your abilities at all whatsoever, at least that I noticed.
I don't know.
Maybe it did.
And then, like, you had a little bio written on your character, and you'd actually kind
of written a whole little thing, and I was thinking, this is like an RP type of player's
dream.
City of Heroes has an amazing RP community, and I think that's...
It's almost a six-year-old game, and for them to be releasing a major expansion six years
after the fact, there has to be the money there in the subscriptions, and it's mostly
the RP-ers that are sticking around.
Six...
And WoW's probably been around about five, six years.
Well, it just had its fifth anniversary, so it's been around about as long, yeah.
Yeah, City of Heroes was huge for the first six or seven months, and then when WoW came
out, there was sort of a big vacuum, but it's server population's kind of low, but yeah,
there's still a community.
Well, a lot of MMOs like that.
I mean, Final Fantasy XI, you know, it took a little hit when WoW came out, but I think
the audiences for those two games are very different, but I just, I know because I was
playing Final Fantasy XI and kind of went back and forth for a little while between
that and WoW when it first came out, but there's definitely, you know, there's always gonna
be those diehards that just love the game, and I think especially when you bring that
RP component into it, you know, I don't know, I mean, Final Fantasy XI had somewhat, you
could do, I mean, you could do the RP with any game, but I could see where City of Heroes
really let you embrace that, you know.
Final Fantasy XI, if you think WoW's limited with how your character can look, Final Fantasy
XI's really limiting too, so...
Well, I have to say that, you know, the moment I moved on to Star Trek Online, I forgot about
World of Warcraft, really, I did.
What is it, okay, then let me ask you the same question I asked Alan, what is it about
Star Trek Online that had it for you that WoW didn't, or is it just, I know you love
Star Trek, is it just the fandom, period?
It's really not just the fandom, it's the fact that I really can play by myself, you
know, I don't have to, it's annoying as fuck to party with people, really.
It's annoying, it pisses me off, I hate doing it.
You know, even when it's one of my friends, after like an hour of following behind somebody,
I'm like, okay, I'm tired of this, this is monotonous.
Whereas in Star Trek Online, it's like when you are doing your instances, you go into
an area and you may have three people already there, complete strangers, and you can run
through your series of instances together, when you're done with it, that's it.
You don't have to really hang out with them, you don't have to follow them around, you
can do your own thing.
Like I had one person go into one instance, and I went to a completely different one,
and we all got, you know, the points for it, because it was still, we were working together.
And that's what I like, is it's sort of, it's teamwork, but you can choose if you want to
do a fleet mission, and it feels like an episode, it's got enough random in it that it really
keeps my interest in it.
I will just quickly say this in WoW's defense, is that since you left, they did roll out
the Looking for Dungeon tool, which has really helped with a lot of the instancing in that
game.
That was the one while I was playing it.
Oh was it?
Yeah.
Oh wow.
And now they're going to be rolling out, and I don't think it's in our show world this
week, I apologize if I'm bumping a story, but Looking for PvP is coming out as well
very soon.
Nope, you're not.
I hate PvP.
You know, but I gotta admit, from a WoW standpoint, you know, I realize not everybody's into it,
which is cool, but for me, why I like WoW is that it is such a robust game.
You know, I can just log in, it's like, oh, I'm gonna just go slip right into a dungeon,
or, you know, nobody else is online, maybe I'll go PvP by myself, or hey, Alan's online,
we're gonna go quest together, and it's like we're hanging out, but we're not, because
we're nerds.
I totally don't mind, though, doing PvP, though, if I get to smash some Klingons in the face.
I just can't wait until we get Romulan and Cardassian missions.
Is that like a future expansion?
Yeah, I think that's gonna be a future thing.
I will play some more Star Trek online, but see, there's this big thing kind of hovering
in the distance, and that is Final Fantasy XIV, and I just know, like, I have to play
it.
I have to, I've sucked three years, I mean, if you guys think I talk about WoW a lot,
you should have been on the show three, four years ago, like, do you remember when we used
to talk about the fairy server?
I mean, that's old school, okay?
I used to play with you.
I don't, we used to talk, I mean, I used to just talk about Final Fantasy XI all the
freaking time on the show, so, I mean, I have to try XIV, just because I sunk so much time
into XI.
I mean, I gave XI a really good try, I mean, you were here watching me play, doing the
freaking macros on my controller.
But if you hate grouping with people, XI stinks.
It does.
I mean, XI is about forced, the enemy?
It is forced grouping.
To be fair, they fixed a lot of that, like, years later, like, after I left with the level
sink and everything, but, you know.
Well, you know, my big problem with that one is just that, you know, maybe it was just
because I was playing the White Mage, maybe it was because I was the party bitch.
You know, it finally, and I've told the story before, the final straw for that game was
me calling everybody over with my little dinky, okay, I will go back, actually, playing with
Japanese players is not annoying.
They know how to party.
If you know what I mean.
They're the only ones that would respect a bard.
That's right, I remember when you tried to play a bard.
Dude, I was a pimp-ass bard, but, you know, just no one wanted to play the bard, I rocked
the bard.
And if you would, see, here's your proof, angry Loki, when you talk about, you know,
some of the hacking and the stuff, he gets angry Loki.
I rocked the bard.
But then, what angry man says that?
But remember, you can also swap out the music and stuff in there, because there was that
little trick you could do, and so I would have, like, smack my bitch up to, like, the
battle music.
It was awesome.
Dude, I remember when you would mount up on the chocobo, and it would play the theme from
the Neverending Story.
Oh, yeah?
Oh, yes.
Oh, that's fun.
Well, what my story was, as I was saying.
Sorry.
It's okay.
No, I think that's funny.
It was worth it.
Smack my bitch up.
Anyway, so my little character, you know, because when you throw out your macros, you
can call everyone in your party to come back to you so that you can do an area effect buff.
And I was finally, like, I did the buff, everything, then this one guy comes in, hey, I'm in the
buff.
I'm like, fuck you, log out.
And that was it.
I never played again.
All right.
I totally remember, I totally forgot about Falkor's Ride or whatever it said to the chocobo,
but it was awesome.
It was very epic.
This was when Loki and I lived together, and, like, we had our computers, like, kind of,
like, right next to each other, like, they're here in the studio.
So, you know, I'd be doing my thing in Final Fantasy XI, and then, like, I'm like, okay,
because, you know, Loki and I would play together sometimes because we're nerds, right?
And I'd say, like, okay, Loki, come meet me in Altepa Desert and let's party.
Doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo.
And, like, Loki's fanfare is, like, coming from the computer.
And then I'll say...
Bring your harp.
No, then I'll...
I did that, though, with Ragnarok for a little while, because it's all MP3s, so you could
change out the music.
So, I remember going into...
It was this one place that used to have this big, epic music, and it was, like, instead
it was a bassoon quartet.
There was another one.
The group party music that I had was...
The battle music was the theme...
It wasn't the theme of Zanarkand or whatever, but it's from Final Fantasy XI.
It was the jacked, angry music.
I remember that.
Otherworld.
Doo doo doo doo doo doo doo.
Otherworld.
It was awesome.
And Final Fantasy X, I remember it from your frickin', like, every time.
Because I was a healer, so I never really engaged the monster, but, like, you know,
when you...
I think you finally started Black Mage instead of Bard, and, you know, we'd be fighting,
you know, the killer level 60 rabbit or whatever, and then, like, okay, engage the rabbit.
Doo doo doo doo doo doo.
Like you just had the most epic bunny killing music I've ever heard in my life.
I just hope that's the only thing that they include from Final Fantasy XI in XIV, is the
ability to change the music out.
You're not supposed to be able to do that.
You just like to hack things.
Oh, who cares?
Yes.
All right.
Anyhow, boy, we're not even, like, into the gaming news yet.
Hey.
You know what?
If I was gonna do that, then my battle music would be bitches.
I mean, mindless self-indulgence.
I don't know what mine would be.
What would be some good battle music for me, Alan?
I'm trying to think.
For Final Fantasy XIV, if I could hack the music.
What are you guys talking about?
Doo doo doo doo doo doo doo.
Anyhow.
Actually, Shaoran in the chat room, I hope I pronounced that right, chat.orange.radio.com
says, has a suggestion, if Star Trek Online had a customizable music, OLR would need to
bring in, I'm on a boat.
I would totally do that for the, you know how they have the fairies you could take?
Oh yeah, I remember the first time taking a fairy in Final Fantasy XI.
Like I got on the little fairy, cause like, you know, getting around in Final Fantasy
XI kind of sucks.
It takes like 30 minutes to get from one thing to the other.
So you'd get on the boat.
I remember the first time I ever took a boat ride, you know, it's like, doo doo doo doo
doo doo doo doo doo.
You know, happy little boat music.
And then all of a sudden it gets really dark, doo doo doo doo doo.
We fricking got raided by pirates the first time I ever rode a boat in the game.
And now, but I, I remember that being an epic moment of Final Fantasy XI.
I was like, that was actually really cool that the boats will randomly get raided by
pirates.
And like, I would, you would have to, as a low level character, literally run and hide
in the basement.
I think I had to, cause you like, you came and got me one time.
Well, someone dragged a Kraken down the stairs.
Anyhow, I have to say though, I still, to this day, remember the look on your face when
I was doing my macros on my controller.
I was very impressed with the way you were doing the, but, but then I couldn't, that's
what I hated in World of Warcraft.
I couldn't use my damn controller.
Final Fantasy XI was built for the PS2, you know, and I have to remember losing controller.
That's the way most of the Japanese players do it now.
And some American ones as well, obviously, but I cannot imagine that game without a computer
keyboard.
Anyway.
I agree with Rama.
When did this become Final Fantasy Radio?
I don't know.
So let's move on.
Let's get into some housekeeping tonight and talk a little bit about what's going on with
OLR before we get into the gaming news tonight.
I don't have a whole lot of show specific news besides, don't forget that you can always
join us on our Twitter, twitter.com slash OLR.
And of course we're on Facebook as well.
Orange Lounge Radio there, Addis is your friend and we will usually make updates except tonight
because with all the internet hiccup we had earlier, we didn't get onto many of the social
networking, but also, uh, we got a voicemail from Breslul and he wants to update you guys
on usl madness and what is going on there in our forums.
So I want to go to the voicemail and oh, did I delete it?
I hope not.
Oops.
When we did the reboot earlier, I might've deleted his voicemail.
Whoopsie.
Let's see if I can get to it here.
And here we go.
Here's his voicemail.
Here's a voicemail from Breslul about what is going on in usl madness at our forums at
orange launch radio.com.
Hello Orange Lounge Radio, it's Breslul once again, reminding you and the listeners to give
us some votes here on usl madness.
We have some fantastic match-ups in the round of 32.
We've got a heated one between Final Fantasy 7 and Pokemon.
Mega Man 2 is facing Mega Man 3, one of the most bizarre match-ups of the tournament.
Ocarina of Timers and Tecmo Super Bowl, Earthbound vs Secret of Mana.
I could go on, but there's not enough time in the show.
But please visit our forums, get yourself an account and vote today because half of
these games go away and then next week is the sweet 16 where things get incredibly interesting.
Once again, log on to our forums and vote.
We'll talk to you later and usl will be back on the, let me try that again, usl will be
back on February 27th.
We'll see you then.
Till then.
Now that was Breslul from Understation Live, Saturday nights at All Games Radio, allgamesradio.com
or if you want just the radio feed, it's allgamesradio.com and they'll be back on Saturday.
But yeah, Breslul and Travis, they team up with us to do this usl madness, which is kind
of like a take on March Madness, if you don't know what it is, where they try to define
the greatest video game of all time and everybody submits their list and then he seeds it like
it was basketball games.
And Guardian Legend wins.
Guardian Legend wasn't even like in the top 64 on people's list.
It was on my list.
I had it in my top 25 games of all time, but I guess that wasn't enough because admittedly
it wasn't number one, sorry Jamie.
But there's, yeah, as he said in the voicemail, there's some pretty epic match-ups going on
right now.
Like Mega Man 2 versus Mega Man 3, how do you even decide between those two games?
Like it's practically the same guy.
I said two as well.
What is it that draws you to two over three though?
Do you think?
I like the number two better than three.
Bubble Man stage music.
Metal blades.
I think it's just the fact that, well for me and the way I rationalized it when I voted
on the forums was that Mega Man 2 was kind of set the bar.
Like obviously Mega Man 1 was the original, but you know, it had all these things like
scoring and less bosses and kind of a different interface and everything.
Mega Man 2 kind of really polished that and really Mega Man 3 is just Mega Man 2 with
some new thrills in it.
But Mega Man 2 was so important that those bosses came back in three.
Mega Man 2 was one of my, I'd have to say my big accomplishments because I used to be
able to do the dragon level blindfolded.
I remember, I remember you telling me about that and I used to be able to play that game
like, you know, through in one sitting too.
Because that level has like, it's all about timing with that level.
The only other, like I said, the only other game I've been able to do that with is World
8-1 and Super Mario Brothers.
Nice.
Very cool.
Yeah, so I don't know, it's just something about, I mean not that Mega Man 3 is a bad
game by any means, but that's the tough thing about March Madness is you have to sometimes
look at two good games.
Now here's the other interesting one.
There's Final Fantasy 7 versus Pokemon going on right now.
And I notice there's interesting, Pokemon is winning as of the time of the show.
Final Fantasy 7 is, it seems like a lot of the vote isn't, I mean I could be wrong, but
there's a lot of vote that is not for Pokemon so much as it is against Final Fantasy 7 because
of all the fanboy wank.
And I was trying to figure out why that is because I don't think Final Fantasy 7 is the
best Final Fantasy, but certainly like, it was the game that got me to buy a Playstation.
It was, you know.
I owned that game before, I had a Playstation.
How does that work?
My roommate had one.
Oh.
And yeah, you know, I just remember it just changed the way you kind of perceive Final
Fantasy games because it was so different from the sprite based ones.
But I agree the fan wank got a little crazy, but I can't hold that against the game.
But I don't know, but then you look at a series like Pokemon and that's like a cult.
That's like, I don't even know, like Pokemon sucks people in and doesn't let them go.
It's like.
I don't get it.
Yeah.
I don't know.
But yeah, whatever.
I can't be mad I guess.
That's what happens.
Every gamer has a voice even when that voice is whack.
Www dot orange lounge radio.com no disrespect to the Pokemon fans.
I just, I, to me, they're kind of all the same game.
Like I are all the same game.
Look.
Oh my God.
We discovered new Pokemon that are no way similar to the other Pokemon.
Buy more games.
All right.
Before you send in the hate mail though.
I was there when the first movie came out in theaters.
I went and saw it opening night.
Okay.
So I think I went with you.
Didn't I?
No, I went Chico.
No, that's right.
Because I, I got the important.
You might've went to the second one with me because I went and saw the second one too.
I saw the third one with you at the theater probably, but I had, but I had to import a
copy of the, of the Japanese one.
So yeah, don't send in the hate mail.
I Pokemon's fine.
I just, I, where are they going to go with it?
It's just, I, if they just make more Pokemon, if they made an MMO, I try it.
I would.
And then they have the record.
I still think Digimon's cooler.
All right, let's get into some gaming news.
We're like what, 30 minutes in the show after a 15 minute late start, we haven't even covered
news yet.
This is going to be a 10 o'clock at night show.
Let's see what happens.
That's 1am for you East coasters.
Let's get started on some gaming news.
Loki.
Okay.
So, um, the ESA did a survey, um, or I shouldn't really say a survey, but they did research
focusing on 200 specific titles during the month of December.
Not necessarily stuff that came out in December, but just during that month.
And it showed that of those 200 titles, there were 9.78 million illegal downloads for those
titles during the month of December.
And the, uh, you might think, okay, well maybe the U.S. is, you know, to blame because there's
a lot of people in the U.S. at pirate.
But actually, no, there's other countries that were a lot higher.
In fact, um, the highest number of unauthorized downloads came from Italy with 20.3% of the
total.
Spain, following that with a 12.5%, France with 7.5% and China with 5.7%.
Interesting.
Now, okay.
I know there might be more to that story, so I apologize for interrupting you, but um,
you know, when I hear the news about the piracy and the numbers, I don't think the, of the
U.S. is number one.
I think a lot of people think, oh, that's all in the U.S. or whatever, but no, I, but
I blame Luxembourg.
The countries I think of are not the ones you're naming.
Like I usually think, you know, because of the stereotypes about being able to buy bootlegs
in Hong Kong, like right on the street corners and you know, knowing of all that that goes
on, I would think it's like Hong Kong, Taiwan.
Those would be the types of places that would be the tops for piracy, but Italy?
Now pardon my ignorance for those overseas listeners, but I've never even been over to
the other side of the Atlantic.
So sorry.
I know we have a lot of listeners over there cause we try to let every gamer have a voice,
including our friends from overseas.
But is there something about Italy where like the distribution that gets to the rest of
Europe doesn't get there or something?
I have no idea.
Um, but they said also that of that, you know, those 10 million, those aren't even really
a full picture of, you know, what's being downloaded.
I think it's just all modern warfare too.
It's probably what it was.
Well, cause my thought is, you know, is that I've gotten into this topic before and I don't
know if it was on a call with Bobby show at the end or if it was on this show, but um,
that I think a lot of this piracy comes from folks that can't get the game through legal
means turn to piracy.
And that's why I kind of question, well, does Italy get game releases when the rest of,
you know, those countries over there get them?
Or is there something about Italy where, and Spain and some of those other countries you
named where they don't get the games at the same time so people turn to piracy?
Like are there laws where maybe the game has to be in a local language like Italian or
Spanish so they can't release them there?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't really hear a lot of just, um, you know, I don't really hear of anything being
delayed there, but I mean, I don't really know.
We never hear like, you know, Italy's not getting the game cause it's been censored
or something like that.
It's always Germany or New Zealand or Australia.
They gotta catch them all.
Well, I would love to hear from a listener and you know, cause I know we have some listeners
over there.
If you're listening and you're in one of those countries, Loki named, I would love to get
an email from you.
Why do you think piracy is so rampant where you live?
I mean, is the legal just difficult or expensive or what?
Cause I think, I don't know.
Why do people turn to piracy in the US?
Because they blame the $60 price point of a console game.
You know, I'm, I'm too poor, I'm a, I'm a starving student or whatever it is, you know,
try to justify it with, you know, the whole Robin Hood philosophy of steal from the rich
and give to the poor.
That's what motivates most piracy.
You know, I'm not saying a good thing about that.
I'm just, I'm just saying what I see.
That's just kind of what it seems to be.
It's, it's the whole Robin Hood approach.
So anyhow, uh, well be careful.
I don't think it's as altruistic as Robin Hood's intent.
It's rob from the rich and give to me.
Okay.
Fair enough.
All right.
Well, speaking of piracy, you might want to be a little bit careful if you're into that.
Keep in mind, you know, piracy is not legal, just a reminder, you know, so you are walking
a dangerous line.
Um, so that is evidenced by what's going on in Australia right now.
In fact, when I first read this story, I was like, Oh, what is this?
This is, do we already read about this last week when some pirate got busted in Australia?
No, this is something else.
Nintendo is actually managed to win a case against the R4 mod cartridge for the DS.
What happened is that Nintendo actually won a lawsuit against, uh, the Australian distributor
of the R4.
Uh, this is coming from the news lines in Australia.
Uh, apparently gadget gear.com.au cause all the Australian ones in today, you, they were
actually told they have to stop selling the device.
They got fined the equivalent of $466,000, uh, the folks that were named in the suit,
Patrick Lee and James Lee, I guess they also kind of sold this independently, not through
the same site.
Uh, but they also were fined $100,000 Australian.
That's about 90,000 here.
Also what I think is interesting is part of the settlement or I'm sorry, not settlement,
but suit.
Uh, they have to disclose who is supplying the R4 chips.
Hmm.
So that again is just, that's the second in like a week's time of Nintendo winning some
anti-piracy.
I think it's dumb.
The, you know, I mean those chips, I understand that they can be used for piracy, but a computer
can be used for piracy.
So yeah, we're going to make computers legal now too.
I mean it's just, you have to go after the, sadly enough, you have to go after the people
that are using the pirate stuff or I don't know, here's a thought.
Go after people putting ROMs online.
It won't matter if you have the stupid chip for your DS because it won't work with anything.
There's no fucking ROMs out there.
Oddly enough, I kind of agree with you and I think your computer analogy, you know, even
though I don't own an R4 and I don't think I would get into all this stuff, I have two
and a G3.
I have two Ninja passes.
I think, okay, I think, you know, I, I'm, I feel like I'm too stupid to really get into
all that stuff.
I don't know what it is, but I think if I had one, I'd want to play like homebrew stuff
on it is probably what I would be into.
You know, I, I like having the real deal because then I know I'm going to get online and not
get my system bricked and you know, all of that, like I'm willing to pay the extra money
just for ease of mind in that regard.
But as far as like the R4 stuff goes, I think when you buy a device like that, yeah, I should
be able to use the parts for whatever I want.
As long as I'm not stealing, I get the problem with piracy.
You're stealing someone else's property like, you know, that they spent money to create
the wrong people.
But if somebody wants to put a free ROM on the internet for their free public domain,
just like somebody puts their music up on MySpace, they want you to download it and
listen to it to get their band name out there.
It's just like people, it'd be going after, it'd be like going after somebody, um, or
a camcorder company because somebody used it to pirate a film.
You can't do that just because it's a device that allows you to run unauthorized stuff.
I guess they could just, you know, stop the, you know, ban them from manufacturing it or
they could try.
But if it's unauthorized in the first place and there's not a lot you can do to lock it
out since they can't really update the hardware to do that, um, via firmware or anything.
But um, I don't know, I mean it, there are a lot of legitimate uses for it besides piracy.
For the record, I haven't used mine to play anything in months because I just don't care
anymore.
I have to admit, I'm kind of in the same boat.
Like even when I was moving this weekend, I found just like tons and tons of DS and
PSP games.
I'm like, I don't even remember the last time I touched these cause, but if you've listened
to the show before, you know, I have this weird thing against handheld gaming.
Like I just can't, games are meant for my television.
Like I can't play them sitting there.
I feel, I don't know, dirty, not dirty, and there's been some really good handheld games
too.
Like Final Fantasy four on the DS loved it, you know, and yeah, there's non Final Fantasy
games too, you know?
Well, I, the last thing I was playing was, um, the Zelda, um, spirit tracks, but I even
got bored of that.
I shouldn't be getting bored of a Zelda game.
I mean, come on, it's Zelda, it's awesome.
Do you think maybe your expectations have kind of no, but they didn't really do that
much different other than look now, now links right in a train instead of a boat.
I mean, it's the same damn game.
Okay.
I'm going to take the tangent train for a minute here, but like we kind of got into
it a couple of weeks ago on the show.
I remember talking about game room and some of these old arcade games and Atari 2,600
games and some folks saying that, you know, they're repetitive, they're boring.
And I'm thinking that's what it was all about back when you know, those games first came
out.
What's wrong with you?
You know, like, are we just, have our expectations about what makes a good game like changed
in that regard?
I guess they have to some extent, you know, it would be like this.
It would be like saying, okay, um, I'm playing Pac-Man Pac-Man's cool.
And then we come out with Pac-Man two, which is exactly the same as Pac-Man one, except
now the screen is blue and purple instead of like yellow and blue.
That's basically the difference between, you know, Ms. Pac-Man, but she has a bone.
She has a bow and you know, it's slightly different, but no, seriously, it's, it's almost
like they've said, okay, well, what can we do to put the least amount of effort into
this so we can release a sequel really quick?
And yes, I understand.
Ooh, it's, I mean, they don't even try to tie any of the games storyline wise together.
Oh yes, it's another adventurer who happens to look the same as Link and his name is Link.
And now, uh, he has got to go rescue this Princess Zelda, who's not the same Princess
Zelda, even though she looked exactly the same as the last game.
Don't they do that in all the Zelda games?
Like aren't all the links like different links, but there could, I mean, sometimes they're
the same link depending on what game you're playing.
It's just, it's, it's lazy is what it is.
It's like, oh, let's, I thought that's why the name was Link.
Cause they're all linked from my just dumb.
I don't think that's why.
All right, fine.
All right, let's move on with some other gaming news before I take the tangent train somewhere
else.
Do you have a news story to save us here a little bit?
I do.
I'm, I'm tangled up in yarn.
No.
Um, there is a bit more about, uh, EA, um, servers being a big clank putting on them.
On March 16th, we have, um, service shut down for death jam for PS3, Godfather for PS3 and
Xbox 360, Lord of the Rings conquest, Mercenaries 2, need for speed carbon on portable, um,
need for speed, um, pro street PSP, Simpsons, um, for PlayStation three and Xbox 360, April
15th, burnout three take down, um, army of two for PS3, but that's only in Asia.
And then, um, of course we have a ton of original Xbox being shut down after that and PS2 games.
So yeah, a lot, uh, pretty much everything that's Xbox PS2 earlier and, um, tiger woods.
So,
you know, I'm surprised that, uh, I mean, there's some of the games on there like Simpsons.
I don't remember there being online for that.
Um, it was funny though, cause even like a Def Jam icon, that was one of those kids.
Oh yeah.
You can put your music in there and you know, play and stuff.
I'm like, Oh yeah.
If we put some weird like DDR music in there, that'd be really funny.
Cause it's meant for more like hip hop stuff.
Yeah.
Oh well.
No.
Well, you know, and it's not really surprising.
I mean, it costs money to run the servers and if they're not making any more money on
these games and you know, new stuff's going to be coming out, what's the point of keeping
it around?
Yeah.
Well, there's a lot of companies out there that don't really have these servers that
they shut down.
I mean, um, really EA is the main one we hear about every now and then.
Um, and then I think we had one from Sega when they shut down the server for Chrome
hounds, but I mean, those are the only ones I've heard of for like a while.
So I don't know.
That's kind of interesting.
Well, and you know, Xbox original getting shut down is, you know, somewhat notable,
you know, just, but that's just, that's just a matter of time.
But I don't understand like current generation stuff, the servers being shut down for them.
I mean, that's just kind of weird.
I can understand like, you know, okay, yeah, we're moving on to the PlayStation four, you
know, the PlayStation network for PlayStation three is going to have to go away and keep
in mind also looking again, economy wise, you know, a lot of companies are losing money
anyway.
If they're trying to mitigate, I fully believe that it's just, it's to mitigate cost.
I really do.
I think that's part of it too.
And Loki, as you said earlier, you play what grand theft auto and nobody's ever online.
I'm kind of surprised they're not threatening to pull the plug on that.
If people aren't using it, it's costing them to keep the they are just, they're not playing
what I'm playing.
I see.
I mean, specific settings, um, cause we play with auto aim off and some newbie players
out there like play with auto aim on and that would be me.
And uh, so because of that, anybody is searching for a game with auto aim on, they're only
going to find auto aim on games.
So you have to specify that.
But I mean, how many people are really playing like Godfather online anymore?
You know, it's probably really hard.
Probably not that many people like, I mean, put it this way, like for like validate Tony
right now, which is one of the expansions, but most people are playing the vanilla grand
theft auto stuff.
I mean, so I'm sure there's, you know, hundreds of thousands of people online for, um, the
battle of gay Tony.
There's at least 50,000 people on the ranked leaderboards, um, right now.
So um, there's a lot of people out there.
It's just, you know, whether they may be wanting to play just free mode or just, you know,
some other, you know, death match, non ranked, you know, team death match, who knows?
All right.
Uh, chat dot orange lounge, radio.com.
If you want to join us, uh, X-link reminds us they've also shut down the servers for
the PS two and PC versions of fantasy star universe.
That was another big recent one.
Fantasy star universe is starting to disappear, which is a pretty big deal, but yeah, I'm
not kind of not surprised.
A lot of the communities on X-Box three 60 cause wasn't that the only way you had the
voice enabled in it too, maybe.
Yeah.
So, well of course you could always use something like ventrilo or something on the PC, I suppose.
Well let's move on.
So one thing that would suck if the server shut down for it would be, um, Ubisoft's new
PC DRM servers.
Um, apparently of course they revealed the plan back in January that they're going to
streamline their DM DRM process across all PC titles by making players log into Ubisoft
servers to authenticate before playing.
Now that doesn't sound too bad right now, but there's a few things of course you have
to understand.
It's um, the system is kind of flawed and the reason being is for example, if your connection
experiences any sort of issue, uh, you know, whether it be like, you know, dropping bandwidth
or momentary pause, router reboot or whatever, the software will immediately boot you out
of your game back to the main menu and you'll lose all your progress until, you know, up
to the previous save.
And um, that's it.
So, um, if Ubisoft's master servers encounter any errors, then all the players with a working
connection logged into the servers will not be able to play their games until the servers
are back online.
Oh gee, Ubisoft's customer support isn't about to blow up or anything.
So you know, um, doesn't Ubisoft make the like imagine games?
Yes they do.
Okay.
So I imagine there's equivalents of that on the PC, right?
Well the main, the two titles that are going to be coming up, and this is according to
PC gaming, they tested the two upcoming titles, um, Assassin's Creed 2 and Settlers 7.
I don't think they have any imagine games for a PC, but they would have this DRM if
they did.
And that's where I'm going with this.
And you know, not everybody that would be buying a game like that is tech savvy enough
to understand what DRM even is.
You know, certainly not, the type of people that buy those imagine games are probably
not the same people that listen to this podcast unless of course they're buying it for their
kids.
You know, my point is, you're going to have these, uh, moms buying it for their daughters
and you know, people that don't really follow gaming or understand what DRM even is that
just know the game isn't going to fire up on the computer.
Who's going to get the phone call about that?
The phone calls are going to go to Ubisoft or they're going to go to targets and Walmarts
across the country.
And when that starts happening, they're going to stop carrying it.
Exactly.
Um, I have a feeling, um, that this will be cracked in probably a few days.
Well, usually those types of things are, and people are going to turn to that and sadly
it what's going to end up happening.
But unfortunately, soccer mom Jones who buys this for her daughter, you'll imagine, I don't
know, dress up shop or whatever they come out with.
How many of those imagine games are there?
We were a target last too many.
How many of those imagine games were there on the shelf, Alan, like, like 5,000, right?
At least a dozen.
Yeah.
I just caught your eye right next to cooking mama one, two, three, and gardening mama.
And you know, it's just everything crazy anyhow, uh, while we're talking about online authentication,
I think this is kind of interesting.
It's almost like a combination of the past couple of stories we've been hearing about,
you know, server costs to maintain as well as a little bit about the, uh, DRM, um, so
come fire team Bravo three.
If you are going to be playing this game on the PSP, you're going to get a code so that
you can go and redeem it on the PlayStation network and you'll be able to access the game
online.
But if you don't buy this game either directly through PSN because it will automatically
be enabled or you get the code new, you will have to shell out $20 to get the license to
let you play online.
Think about that for a minute.
What that basically means is they're kind of targeting people who are going after this
used or the people who buy this second hand, because think about it.
If you buy it new, you'll get a code.
If you buy it online, you don't need a code cause you bought it online.
But if you buy it used, no code for you.
Well, it's for piracy really.
You think that's part of it or you think it's, that's what they're targeting it for.
I see.
So $20 to be able to actually play.
You know what I hear the funniest part about though.
Wouldn't they be, what wouldn't a pirated game not be able to go online to get authenticated
though?
No, it can, it can go online.
Interesting because pirated games, basically they act like just installed games, but here's
the, here's the best part.
Sony actually has a workaround for it in their own system.
And the reason this is, can grant it, you can't play online games, but thanks to that
wonderful and I don't remember what the hell it's called now, but remember how you can
do ad hoc over the internet with Sony PlayStation three?
Well, guess I don't need to go online to play other people online.
I can just go ad hoc over the internet and it works just fine.
It's not lag city or anything.
No, it shouldn't be.
Interesting.
By the way, uh, John color from Sony actually, I was quoted to IGN saying it's quote a trial
run for a new initiative we are exploring for the platform.
So even if you're like, ah, fuck it, I don't play SOCOM, uh, this could still be in the
future impacting a game you play.
They're waiting to see how long it's cracked and it probably will get cracked somehow.
They don't think they use thing has anything to do with it.
Oh, I'm sure that it has a little bit to do with it.
That's why they also were testing out the market with, um, like member local, not local
record to, um, pot upon two, I think where they had the game in a retail box, but all
it was was a card with a scratch off.
Oh yeah.
And I saw that at fries.
Yeah.
You know, so that's another thing.
They were test marketing.
So I'm just thinking if I were to pick up this game used, I'd be kind of irritated that
I have to go online and pay another $20.
Like again, here we go with the angry phone calls from people who don't know better to
this time GameStop.
And if I were GameStop, you know, and you can use that term loosely to describe whatever
game store makes their bread and butter off of used games and happens to sell new games
as well.
I'd be kind of pissed.
And I would like, can you imagine, especially with such a powerhouse that GameStop is, and
we'll just throw in all the other, you know, like companies in there, okay.
Like the powerhouse that they are with something like this kind of going after their used market,
can you imagine if they were to say, and they have the power to do this, they run a magazine
for heaven's sake.
They could discourage people from buying the game.
Think about it.
What's to stop.
I mean, this, this might be a little conspiracy theory here, but what's to stop GameStop from
publishing a negative review in this game in Game Informer, which is the most popular
video game magazine out there that happens to be run by GameStop to discourage people
from buying this game for no other reason than it cuts into the used game market.
But yet they use this whole, they're going to get to with the $20 thing.
It's the reason.
But the real reason is the bottom line of the game stores because they need the advertising
dollars that are provided by Sony to be able to run their magazine.
But the same thing though, they could basically discourage people from, you know, buying the
game without writing a negative review and use the employees letting people know.
But I would think at the same time that this could be bad for Sony anyways, because when
a competing game comes out there, let's see, am I going to buy the game that won't let
me play online unless I pay $20 or the other game that's equally cool that I can play online
for free?
Hmm.
That's a tough one.
I will go with the free one.
Let's see.
Tiger Claw in our chat room.
chat.orangeslaungeradio.com says, I wonder what if Sony sells this game in twos?
For example, what if you want to only buy the multiplayer part, couldn't you just purchase
the multiplayer game itself and not the full single player?
And here's the problem too with the SOCOM 3.
It's not a discounted game.
It's a full price game.
So it's not like, hey, we're selling this for 20 bucks, but you know, if you want to
go online to pay the other 20 and then, you know, equal the cost of a full price game.
No, it's nothing like that where they're offering a discount.
It's a full price game and then you have to pay another $20 on top of it.
Well, you know what I say, if you don't like it, don't buy it.
End of story.
I mean, that's really what it is.
If you don't like it, don't buy it.
But I mean, a game like this SOCOM has its fan base.
This is good.
There's people that aren't even going to bat an eye at this because they already are going
to buy the game new.
They'll find a way.
No, we'll see what happens.
Let's move on with some more stories.
We've got release dates coming up as well as the classic game of the week and a little
bit here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Well, this is some good news.
How about something happy?
Yay.
Happy.
It looks happy for me because I'm playing it.
You're going to give me money?
Yay.
I'm not playing that game.
I'm not playing that game.
I'm not playing that game.
Star Trek.
Star Trek Online.
They are actually working on ways of opening up the ship so that you can explore more of
your own ship.
You know, so far, all you can do is go hang out on the bridge and that's kind of boring.
You know, I look at my Andorian dude just, you know, piloting, I'm like, okay, he's piloting.
And I can sit in my captain's chair, ooh, but you can't really do much.
I mean, you can invite people there, but I would really like to, I even think it would
be cool to have like, you know, in ship missions, you know, that would be cool.
You know, you have to fight the Borg in the middle of your ship or something.
Oh, like first contact.
Yeah.
By the way, I thought you said happy news, not nerdy news.
It is happy news.
I'm just kidding.
I said it was happy for me, but, um, they basically want to make it more, you know,
do what they can to make it more like actual Star Trek.
And this is something that they've quoted as saying that it's something that they want
to do, but they're not going to implement it until they have it working flawlessly.
Well of course, you don't want, especially with an MMO, you'll piss off your user base
if you roll out something that's all flawed.
I want a holodeck.
Would I be able to, a holodeck would be cool.
Would I also be able to walk around the ship and demand that people bow down before me
or I'll shoot to kill?
No.
However, um, I get, I bet if you're, you know, I see, I think it would be cool if you could
actually, you know, do like rank things going up through your ship too.
But then that means you're, if you're on the Klingon ship and you do something your subordinates
think is cowardly, they can challenge you to a doodle of death.
Interesting.
Well, at least that's how it works on a Klingon ship.
I want to change my music and have Klingon opera playing in the background on my Klingon
ship.
I think you should have a, there's Klingons on the starboard bow, starboard bow, starboard
bow.
That was nerdier than what I said.
Okay.
Touche.
All right.
We're going to travel around the world now and check out some release dates and some
things coming to a store near you.
Yes.
This week I actually got some pretty cool stuff coming out.
I'm starting off with Endless Ocean Blue World coming out on the Nintendo Wii.
You can also find that with a bundle with Wii Speak because yes, you can play this game
online and talk to each other while you're under the sea.
On Xbox 360 Risen, the ever delayed game now coming out on Xbox 360 and I believe the PC
version came out last October.
Lovely Lisa and Friends on the DS apparently from the Tommy Corporation.
I believe it's a doll that's actually in Japan.
Why this is being brought out over here is beyond me.
Because she's lovely.
I guess.
Sonic and Sega All-Stars Racing coming out on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii DS and PSP.
And of course that's going to feature all your favorite Sonic characters or Sega characters
and Banjo-Kazooie of course in the Xbox 360 version.
See here.
Hello Kitty Birthday Adventures on DS.
Yippee.
Yeah.
I know.
Napoleon Total War coming out on PC.
Pony Friends 2 coming out on DS.
Anything our listeners might actually want to buy?
What are you saying?
Pony Friends 2 is not on the top of their list?
You know, I'm thinking no.
Well that's too bad.
Heavy Rain coming out on PlayStation 3 this week as well.
And then, let's see, wrapping it up, Deck of Sports on DS.
Oh, Deck of Sports was the one that had curling in it, right?
Yes, I'm not sure if the DS version has curling in it.
I love Winter Olympics time of year.
But I know they have a bunch of other stuff in there.
I think it's maybe new sports in the DS version.
Of course, it's not going to let me see it, so.
Oh well.
Alright, well should I travel over to Japan and take a look at the releases over there?
Sure.
Alright.
Hi.
Coming out on February 25th on the Xbox 360, a localized version of Borderlands comes out
from 2K Games.
Also a game called Espgaluda 2, a black label comes out in the limited edition and regular
formats.
Of course, there's a 2 there.
It is the sequel to Espgaluda.
And if you've never heard of it, that's because it's a shmup, it's a shoot-em-up.
Very colorful, seizure-inducing graphics where most of your screen is taken up with an overlay
because it's a vertical shooter.
But you know there are some hardcore shmup fans out there, so I'm sure they'll be picking
this up without delay.
Also no fate, only the power of will comes out from Alchemist on February 25th on the
Xbox 360.
Not sure what this game's all about.
Of course, it's got anime girls all over it, but this chick who's getting out of the pool
is kind of angry.
I don't know why she's so angry.
She's getting out of the pool there.
She looks like Utena.
It's an adventure game.
And then this other chick's just dreaming.
But I like to think that maybe she is looking at the chick getting out of the pool and that's
just making her angry.
I don't know.
Anyhow, that made for a much funnier in-studio than it did radio, I apologize for that.
Moving on.
I snorted my root beer if that makes you feel better.
It does, a little bit.
And there is no curling in Deck of Sports DS.
Fail.
A million times fail.
PlayStation 3, a price reduction on Demon's Souls.
If you haven't picked that up yet, you really should.
It's awesome.
That's pretty much the only thing to look forward to on PlayStation 3 unless you need
like some new HDMI cables because some third parties are putting some more of those out.
But the Nintendo Wii has a lot this week, which is good because they've had some quiet
weeks lately, including Arc Rise Fantasia is coming out.
Ina no Susume selection, I think that might be just a price reduction then.
I think, yeah, Arc Rise Fantasia I think has already been out.
Just a price reduction there.
It's kind of like a best hits over there.
As far as new games go, Raji Ronnojia Wii.
That's the sequel to Radarji.
I don't know if I'm even saying that right.
Radarji.
Radarji.
There's like an extra R in here.
Another shmup basically, but this time on the Wii.
Radio Allergy as it's called over here.
Well the big thing about this one is that the final boss from the last game will now
be a PC in this game.
So you have shields and all that stuff.
Co-op mode and lots of fun things for a shmup game.
That again is on the Nintendo Wii.
Checking out some other systems on the DS.
Estpolis, The Lands Cursed by the Gods is coming out as well as Fushigi no Dungeon,
Furai no Shirin 4, Kami no Hitomi no Akuma no Heiso.
Yes, that is the entire name of the game.
Mystery Dungeon.
That is exactly I think what it is.
No, it's a learning language.
But Fushigi no Dungeon means Mystery Dungeon.
So it's not Chocobo's Mystery Dungeon, it's just the mystery is this new language you're
trying to learn.
Let me see.
I don't know if it's a, I don't know what language, but the guy's wearing a kind of
a funny hat.
He's got a monkey.
It's the funny hat game featuring monkey.
Also Super Robot Taisen OG Saga.
There's a series we can't get rid of.
That's right.
It's never going away.
And on the PSP, BlazBlue Portable comes out this week as well as Katekyo Hitman Reborn,
Kizuna no Tag Battle, which is of course a fighting game.
You can tell they're on the PSP.
I'm not sure if this is based off an anime, but this is like, it looks like that one where
you can do like four people at a time all playing at once.
Looks like fun.
That's going to do it for your Japanese release dates.
For the UK, we have on the 23rd Metal Slug XX and then on the 25th Blue Toad Murder Files
Episode 3.
And then the 26th, we've got Heavy Rain, Lips Party Classics, Napoleon, Total War, Sonic
and Sega All-Stars Racing and Undead Knights.
I believe Metal Slug XX is coming out over here in the US as well.
I love Metal Slug.
I must have missed that.
All right, let's do just a couple more stories and then we're going to get to the classic
game of the week and I believe Dark Soccer has picked a true classic for you guys tonight.
Better like it.
You know, I picked the most piss your pants title I could think of.
And it ties in with a game that we had coming out this week as well.
We'll get there in a minute.
So there's some new stuff coming out, not completely unexpected from THQ that they made
announcements for.
There's going to be a sequel to The Blob, which was actually a pretty cool game that
came out before on the Wii.
And this time, though, it's going to be branded under a new sci-fi channel brand, I guess,
called Sci-Fi Kids.
I don't know why they're...
I didn't even know there were sci-fi kids.
Do they make crappy children's shows, too?
I didn't know.
Well, they did like a Wizard of Oz and an Alice in Wonderland.
Yeah, where two are all really like...
They were like dark, weren't they?
They were weird.
Yeah.
I don't know.
So apparently, though, they're going to be working with the DiBlob character.
Maybe there'll be a cartoon show, who knows?
Will a Cylon show up?
I mean, maybe there's Battlestar Galactica, Caprica.
I don't think there's anything there.
When I think of Sci-Fi Network, I think of BSG.
I can't help it.
I think of crappy sci-fi movies that are normally on there.
That's true.
What is that?
Is that from Sci-Fi Network?
The Shark Meat Octopus?
Or what is it?
The Flying Shark?
The Flying Shark eats a plane out of the sky.
Yes.
Yeah.
That's all those lovely sci-fi movies.
Yeah, they show them on the soup all the time, right?
Yeah.
Oh, good times.
With Deborah Gibson.
Yes.
Because, you know, she's a woman now, so no longer Debbie.
That's right.
And then the other thing, of course, DiBlob is also going to be not just on the Wii this
time.
It's also supposed to be coming to the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
Also going to be some new Saints Rowan Red Faction at E3 this year.
Of course, Saints Row 3 is not supposed to be coming out until 2011, which makes me very
sad.
But the new Red Faction game is supposed to be slated for later this year, so that might
be cool.
And then, yeah, so I guess we'll have to wait until E3 to check those out.
Okay, I have to go back to the sci-fi thing for a minute, because the Blob game, yeah,
that's cool.
I remember playing DiBlob at PAX a couple years ago, of all places.
So, you know, and I remember Loki really enjoyed it too.
So don't get me wrong, I'm glad that game is getting a sequel, if sci-fi is putting
it out or however it's coming out.
But seriously?
It's still THQ, yeah.
Why aren't they making, like, the shark and octopus video game?
Like, when Alan was saying that sharks eat planes out of the sky, like, that sounds awesome.
Because the movie was awful.
But video games have plots that are about as good as a sci-fi movie, let's face it.
I mean, if you could, like, buy a Wii game.
Dark Sakura, wouldn't you want to play a video game on the Nintendo Wii?
Just imagine a game where it's a shark, or no, an octopus that has eight tentacles, and
all the tentacles are sharks.
And you destroy things, and Debra Gibson does a voice.
Wouldn't you want to buy that game?
Fuck yes!
See?
Well, okay, they put out the Jaws game, which, granted, was awesome, because you could maybe-
Fuck Jaws!
I'm talking-
Did Jaws eat a plane out of the sky?
It could have.
No, he chased around Richard Dreyfuss.
Boo hoo.
Yeah, shark.
The guy's got one foot in the grave, come on.
Did it have Debra Gibson?
I don't think so.
Chat room, am I crazy?
Well, we knew that.
No, I mean, for real about this, wouldn't you- Chat, would you or would you not want
to play that game?
ActDeft in chat says, President Cat versus Flying Shark Octopus.
There you go.
Dark Tetsuya says, screw President Cat, I want that game.
Look, I am all about these low, what the fuck, random games.
You ought to know that by now, listening to this show, unless it's your first time listening,
which again, I apologize.
What is that?
Is that something someone linked to?
Uncovering the secrets of Mega Shark, death in the skies.
Hold on, SSJ, I hate to do this in the middle of the show, but SSJ100Matt is linking us
to this YouTube, and just knowing SSJ100Matt, I think this is important.
Yes.
Holy shit.
The shark is eating the plane.
That needs to be on the end, and the birds fly away.
Why is that not on the Wii?
Why is that not being optioned for a video game?
That's awesome.
That was 50 kinds of awesome.
It's so awful.
You're only encouraging these people.
Video games are kind of stupid, Loki, welcome, I mean, I realize there are some video games
out there with deep plots and all this stuff, but come on.
That just screams America, fuck yeah, shark's eating planes.
I just like the scene dude looks out the window, shark!
I assure you that watching the two seconds of that, you know, aren't necessarily as good
as watching the full 90 minute movie.
Imagine you're sitting down with a Nintendo Wii and then all of a sudden, holy shit!
Why would a shark attack a plane?
It makes no sense.
Why do fighting characters decide to fight to the death and throw fireballs at each other
and do spinning bird kicks and all the other bullshit?
Come on!
It's a video game.
Sharks can eat planes.
In fact, that should be in Street Fighter V.
Maybe it could be in Civilization V, that's right, there is a Civilization V, how'd you
like that transition?
There is a Civilization V announced, it is coming fall of 2010.
Of course, this made me squeak, you know I love my Civilization, I think Civilization
I is like my favorite PC game they've ever made, but good old Sid Meier and Civilization
series, a fifth installment coming out from 2K Games this fall, 2010.
And I shouldn't be surprised at this news, although I have to admit this was news I kind
of wasn't expecting, but then the news came out this week and I was like, fuck yeah, another
Civilization!
Cool!
Like, I wasn't expecting it, but cool, because the fourth one was actually really good, it
was probably my favorite next to the first one.
But they are talking about it's going to be an all new engine, the biggest change, the
most shocking change if you will, they have switched to hexagon tiles instead of square
based tiles, it's now going to be hexagon, so think Catan meets Civilization, or Catanalization
if you will, is what I'm calling this game.
So there it is.
It's going to have of course, the leaders will be all animated, and the landscapes will
be all nice, and new combats, new diplomacy, and mods, mods, mods, because they are embracing
of the mods community, which is very cool.
Don't expect this to come out on consoles though, it's just, it's too much micromanaging
in Civilization game, it really can't be done on a console.
But of course there is Civ Revolution, which took some flack from Civ fans because it kind
of dumbed down the series if you will, but I'll tell you what, I think Civ Revolution
is a great introduction to the series.
It's kind of like, I think it was an overlooked game on consoles, I think it's a lot of fun.
I don't think it compares to the PC versions, but I think if you're just not much of a PC
gamer, or a game that is low key on your console, go for it, Civ Network is pretty cool.
So yeah, I'm looking forward to Civilization V.
Gonna get your Civ on?
Oh yeah, I might have to actually put down WoW to try this out for a little while.
Alan, I know you play some PC games, you play like a pretty big mix of PC and console games,
right?
Yep.
Do you play Civilization at all?
Not really.
I don't know if this is gonna work.
No, but seriously though, you play a lot of shooter type games, right?
Yeah.
What kind of PC games are you into?
Lots of first person shooters, like Bioshock and Half Life.
As far as a game like Civ, I was really into Rise of Nations, which was sort of a Civ clone
that came out by Big Huge Games under Microsoft's Game Studios label.
So yeah, I played that.
Very cool.
All right, um, before we get to the classic game of the week, I was sent another YouTube
from SSJ100Matt in private.
I have to watch this.
This is, um, the shark goes and eats the golden gate bridge just like that.
During midday commute too.
How rude of that shark.
Pericacra.
If that was in a video game.
I won't play as the fucking shark.
Exactly.
That's why Jaws didn't sell Loki.
Can Jaws eat the golden gate bridge?
No.
I think that he's tuned you out, Rob.
When Loki is playing some game over there, it looks like it's like on the Atari 2600.
It's gotta be homebrew of some sort.
Loki, what is it?
Speak up.
What are you playing over there?
It's Cream Wolf.
What?
Gross.
What is it?
What is?
You're a werewolf ice cream guy and you have to make people fat so you can eat them.
Okay.
I'm thinking of a parody of a Shakira song already.
Now I'm- Can I do my bit, Rob?
I guess you can do your bit.
You've been very patient and suffering through an hour and a half of OLR tonight.
Actually, it's only an hour and 15 minutes, but we were here in the studio for quite a
bit beforehand.
Classic game of the week, et cetera, et cetera.
Goes into the vault, finds a game, blah, blah, blah, picks one for you and it's great.
Yeah?
Yes.
Our game of the week is Shenmue.
Yay.
Why?
Yes.
I would like to try a game of Lucky Hit.
All I found was just the soundtrack stuff because really I was getting tired of listening
to Rio talk.
Asking about sailors.
I know.
The sailors one.
I had to go back and watch that.
Do you have sailors that come in here?
Well, sometimes they come in at night, but they leave before it gets too late.
The lady of months.
Yeah.
Anyway.
Shenmue is one of the masterpieces of Yu Suzuki.
It's really meant for interactive and to be a freeform environment and you have real life
aspects like you go to bed, you get up in the morning, you pee, well, I don't know,
they clearly don't show him peeing, but you can also go to vending machines and arcades
and you can play classic games in the arcades, which is awesome, and he has a video game
system in his house, he has convenience stores, so it's really open as for what you can do.
With the characters in there, basically the overall story is that Rio comes home and finds
him beating up his dad and then he gets smacked around and then his dad tells him where to
find something that he's looking for and the game goes from there.
You go around and you're actually trying to track down this guy and trying to figure out
what's going on and you have to talk to all the people and you have to do rescues and
you have to go against these other guys, it's a big investigation, you know, and you just
play as this guy.
And you can also raise kittens.
You can feed kittens.
Oh well, I'm sold.
They're cute little kittens.
But the game was, there were little quick-time events that were in the game too, where you
would witness something and you would have to hit the right button at the right time
and that's how a lot of the fighting went too and then it would go along with the cut
scene and you had your little questing areas and you had your different battles and Rio
could fight because his dad ran a dojo and of course he was going to teach his kid.
The cool thing about this though is that it was supposed to be a killer app for the Saturn.
That was the big thing about it.
In fact, you can actually find online a video of the Saturn version, it was pretty sweet
for Saturn at the time, but it was going to try to revive the Saturn, you know, but since
the Dreamcast was coming out, they actually started working on Shenmue for, at the time
it was Katana, remember?
The working name?
That's right, I remember that, yeah.
And then, while it was being worked on, it was called Project Berkeley, so there were
tech demos out under that name and then it went into actual production for Dreamcast
and every character that you run into in the game has, they had voice actors for, in Japanese
and English, a full orchestrated soundtrack.
At that time, that level of voice acting was kind of unheard of too, that was pretty awesome
I gotta say.
And then it had a weather system in the game called the Magic Weather System, so when you
go through the game you have different, you know, things that are happening but they actually
were meant to reflect the actual weather conditions of Yokosuka at the time, which is where he
lived in Japan, and it was set in the 1986, 1987, so you could actually go and explore
different parts of town too.
So this could have been happening concurrently with Karate Kid 2?
Yes.
Okay.
I mean, you know, it's meant to be, you know, what Japan was like in the 80s in a little
small town, you know, in the Japanese version you had Coca Cola stuff everywhere, which
is funny, since Pepsi Japan, their big thing was with, Sega's big thing was with Pepsi.
Do you remember they had Pepsi Man?
I remember in the Crazy Taxi games you were going to all the Pepsi brand restaurants.
But they actually put out a couple of games in Japan that were Pepsi Man.
You could actually go on YouTube and look at the little commercials of Pepsi Man.
So anyway, so I thought it was funny that, you know, they had Coca Cola for that one
everywhere and, you know, and it was, you know, also with, they were trying to show
exactly what, you know, people were like in that days, like the younger generation was
going more towards a western look for things.
So you had your older generation in one style and your younger generation in a different
style.
And you also had a passport desk that you could go in and view the cut scenes for the
movies, you could listen to the music, you had information so you could learn about other
things going on in the game and the characters, you had the mini games you could replay, you
had a free battle, just all kinds of interactive stuff.
And then you could use the passport to get to Shenmue World through the Dreamcast internet.
So it was, you know, just all kinds of, it had an online manual, network ranking for
all your things.
You could play with, you had VMU icons, you know, for your cute little VMU, collectible
items like the toy capsules, you know, which would be like, you know, ships from other
games that, I had an Oppa Oppa, you know, your data review.
It was all kinds of stuff.
And you can also track everything that you've done in the game from how long you've played
to how long you've done the mini games to how many soft drinks you've bought.
And it, of course, discontinued when they canceled Dreamcast production.
And there was a sequel, of course, which was Shenmue 2, but because it didn't sell very
well, you know, Shenmue or Shenmue 2, we didn't get any more story.
That was it.
And there's people still holding their breath for Shenmue 3.
And I have a feeling that we might see it one day, but I like breathing.
But, you know, they also did a figure that Dan showed me of Ryo driving a forklift.
And there's also, he's in the Sega Racers game.
Yes, he is.
He's riding the motorbike and he also rides the forklift.
But you can actually buy a figure, a recent figure that came out of Ryo riding a forklift.
Can I admit something?
Go for it.
Never played this game.
Well, I'd fix that.
I've heard about how fascinating it is, but I just, you know, I even had a Dreamcast,
but I just never really got around to playing this game.
Would you like to borrow my copy?
Would you like to play a game of Lucky Hit?
That's all I know from the game.
There's some video where the dude just goes around asking everybody that.
And I kind of found it funny, so.
But I've always heard about its epic epicness.
You can play my copy if you want.
I don't even know if my Dreamcast is hooked up.
It's full of epic epicness, like you just said.
All right.
Shenmue, your classic game of the week.
So there it is.
All right.
We're going to take a break here at Orange Lounge Radio, but we got plenty more to come
tonight in part B. We got, of course, your phone calls and your Twitter topics.
If you haven't sent in any Twitter topics, go ahead and get those in right now to at
o-l-r on Twitter.
We're going to get to the rapid fire news as well and then get to some other stories
including the kind of a surprising new iPhone game as well as some of the dates and things
for the upcoming Xbox Live Block Party and some news on Fable 3.
We got all that coming up right after a quick break here on Orange Lounge Radio.
And welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio on this lovely Sunday night, February
the 21st of 2010.
You are listening to that podcast where every gamer has a voice.
And you might not know this, but we have an Olympic gold medal for being awesome.
So we're going to talk about some more gaming news, of course, tonight.
Join us if you're listening live at All Games Radio.
Chat.OrangeLoungeRadio.com is the place to be as you are listening live on this Sunday.
If you've never listened live before, you really should join us sometime.
It's kind of a different show when you're listening live.
And as Alan is finding out tonight, it's a really different show when you're sitting
here in studio.
Correct?
Yes.
Yes.
What was the comparison you were making earlier during the break?
I don't even know if you want to share it.
But it was funny.
I laughed.
No, that's all right.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
I'm good.
Because I'll try to tell it.
It won't be as funny.
Cheers.
Thanks a lot.
Nice.
All right.
Let's go ahead and get back into some gaming news and, of course, Twitter topics coming
up.
So be sure to get those in.
So quick stories real quick, Logie.
Yes.
There's a cool fan made 8-bit-esque Mega Man first person shooter game that someone's made
called Mega Man 8-bit Deathmatch.
And it features some of the original Mega Man characters and their kind of 8-bit glory.
It's kind of almost like a Doom mod, but I don't think it is.
And yeah, it's really sweet.
You can actually check it out on, I believe it's cutstuff.net is where you can find that
to download.
And apparently it's free.
At least they have a trailer of it and stuff.
I'm not sure when it's actually being released, but it's pretty cool.
Yeah.
Anyways.
So other things that are pretty cool.
There's a lot of stuff out there that are allowing you to buy a game and get something
else for free.
For example, last week we talked about how if you were one of the people that bought
Darksiders, you would get a code for a free Red Faction game.
Well, if you didn't happen to keep your mystery code with your copy of Darksiders, fear not.
You can still redeem a free copy of Red Faction Guerrilla, assuming that you have a copy of
your receipt and some other stuff that they want you to send them copies of.
And with that you will get a free copy of Red Faction Guerrilla and a digital art book.
Also another kind of bonus THQ is handing out, with people that pre-ordered Dawn of
War 2, the expansion to the Warhammer franchise, you will be able to get Saints Row 2 on PC
for free, which is pretty cool.
And then of course THQ isn't the only ones doing that.
For Battlefield Bad Company 2 on PC, if you happen to pre-order your copy through the
EA store, you will net yourself a free copy of Battlefield 2142 as well.
And then finally, if you happen not to play PC games and maybe bought a PSP Go, during
the last few weeks here, you'll be able to redeem, I guess, a free copy of Assassin's
Creed Bloodlines or Little Big Planet for PSP.
And to do this, you have to redeem it between February 18th and March 21st.
Wait, so that's like if you just buy a new PSP Go, you can get one of those games for
free?
Yeah, during this time.
Hmm.
I guess they're trying to finally make it worth some of the money they're asking for
it.
Yeah, so that's kinda cool.
Alrighty.
And then finally, there was a contest that was being held for modders for Unreal Tournament
3, and Epic has released the winners of the Make Something Unreal Contest, and several
mod teams created a bunch of different mods for it.
The winning mod was a game called The Hunted.
It was a third-person survivor horror action game that kinda looked like a Wild West version
of Left 4 Dead.
As the winner of the contest, the team will receive $50,000 and a commercial license for
the Unreal Engine, meaning the team can actually make an Unreal Engine title as a commercial
product.
And that'd be pretty awesome looking.
So I'd watch a trailer for this and it's sweet.
Some of the other winners, second place was The Ball from Toltec Studios.
Third place, Angels Fall First by Plantstorm, and it's the Plantstorm team, they won $30,000.
Fourth place, Prometheus, and also the Prometheus team, they won $20,000.
And it looks like fifth place won $10,000, with Hazard, A Journey of Life.
And they had some other categories as well.
Lots of money being given away though.
That's pretty cool.
So yeah, hopefully we'll look forward to seeing that.
Alright, well I have some quick topics for you guys here, and one of them has to do with
a game that's unlikely to...
It's not one you would think is as played as it is, but what does WoW have?
World of Warcraft's got, what, 11, maybe 12 million players on it?
I think that's about right.
I think Warcraft is probably one of the biggest MMOs of that many people.
What if I told you there was a game with about seven times as many players on it playing
right now?
It's Farmville.
Yeah, that's right, there's a new story circulating game blogs this week.
I hate that game.
Farmville has passed 80 million users, 80 million.
That's like a country, okay?
That is a huge amount of people playing Farmville.
Now I don't know if that necessarily means people regularly playing Farmville, because
I know...
Okay, look, I'll admit, I tried it out many months ago.
Don't judge me.
I tried it out many months ago just because I had friends that were playing, and you know
you get so much spam on your Facebook, you're like, well gee, if so many of my friends are
playing it, there must be something about it.
Yeah, I played it for about, not even a month, maybe two weeks, and it was like, what?
What am I doing?
This is ridiculous.
Yeah, so Farmville, of course, 80 million people playing Farmville.
Look, whether you love or hate Farmville, it certainly goes to show that Facebook as
a gaming platform should not be discounted.
I mean, that is a huge amount of people.
No word as to how many spam messages those 80 million people have sent their friends
about.
I don't know, sign up for this and get a million farm bucks or whatever it is, I don't know,
so I can get a super cow to make lots of milk or whatever they do.
Super cow.
Super cow.
I see all this bullshit all the time.
I get all these group invites like, join me now in Farmville so I can get my honeycomb
or whatever.
I hid all of those.
Oh my gosh.
No, I get like group invites to my email.
I mean, ugh.
I just report him for abuse every time.
I just get irritated.
But see, yeah, I mean, actdeft in chat room brings up a good point, Bejeweled Blitz greater
than Farmville.
I will admit, I still play Bejeweled Blitz like a lot.
Like Alan, you watched me play the other day.
Like I was like, oh, I gotta get my score in for the week because I want to get entered
in for a laptop.
And uh, yeah, I have Bejeweled Blitz on my phone and well, you know, like they put Lexulus
on there, which is my Scrabble game and I do Scrabble solitaire on it.
That's right now the only game I still play.
I mean, I still have a pet society, but I mean, seriously, all the other of those games
are just completely ridiculous.
Like sorority life.
I rolled my eyes out.
Guilty.
I know.
Guilty.
But I'm saying that the, you know, I quit that too.
I've tried some of them and I tried Farmville and I finally actually told people before
they had the hide, you know, all things from this application to just stop including me
on their little announcements.
You know, I would hunt down people and tell them, dis-include me.
Now there's a Facebook group that's like, I don't give a hoot or I don't give a shit
about your mafia, your farm or your, I don't remember what it is.
I joined that.
Or your sorority.
And then I'm kind of like, now that I'm watching all these people join this group, like it's
just funny.
The way Facebook works is interesting.
Of course.
My favorite of those groups is still, I bet this pickle can get more fans than Nickelback.
Wasn't there one that's like, I bet this more, this mobius strip can get more fans than itself.
I saw a group called that or what.
There was another one.
I don't know.
There was one you joined this week or was that just a status update?
Alan, you put like, I bet that X can get more fans than Y or I don't remember what it said.
Something.
Yes.
I bet this at VAR can get more fans than pound foo.
Like just variables.
Programming joke.
Yes.
Got it.
That's a very high level nerd joke.
That might be too high brow for the show.
Actually.
I don't know.
You might, you need to, you need to tone it down with some Dick and fart jokes.
Oh, Hey, uh, Starcraft two.
Hey, no better way to bring it to gaming than talk about Starcraft two.
Of course.
As you, I'm sure you've heard many other places.
The beta launched this week and uh, yeah, lots of people very eager to get in this game.
How eager are they?
So eager that they are paying up to $300 for Starcraft two beta keys to get into this game.
This is a, some of the tickets that were handed out at Blizzcon 2008 apparently.
Um, now they are selling for $300 as high as four 50 they've been spotted.
Wow.
I mean, uh, don't get me wrong.
I think Starcraft two is going to be kind of cool, but not $450 cool, dude.
I can wait like a month for the finished product or not a month, three months for the finished
product.
That's even a lot of good news at Blizzard camp.
Uh, right now though, Blizzard also this week has announced that their pandaren campaign,
that's right.
They were selling in game pets and world of Warcraft for 10 bucks to fundraise money for
the make a wish foundation.
Yeah, I bought one.
Shut up.
Don't judge me.
Hey, I helped contribute to a cause that overall raised.
They are announcing $1.1 million was raised by the pandaren monks.
And uh, that was such a big donation was actually reported in the OC register, which is a pretty
big, uh, um, newspaper in orange County, which you may know or not know.
That's where Blizzard is headquartered, which you also may not know about orange, orange
County.
I believe there is an art gallery there called the orange lounge that if you Google like
orange lounge, I think you put, I don't know if you put orange laundry or just like orange
lounge, you get that in your results.
Just kind of a lol what type of moment.
Uh, anyhow, the pandaren monks are still on sale, but you should know they are no longer
going towards the make a wish foundation.
That was just a limited time thing.
Hey, if you look up dark Sakura on Google, you get my deviant art page.
Do you really?
Yeah, you do.
Interesting.
I don't know what happens if you look up Rob Roberts.
I think you just get some random old guy cause like I did a picture search and I wasn't even
on page one, but that's okay.
I like, I like being a little bit of an image that comes up is of some girl that says dark
Sakura.
Well, you're fucked.
The second picture is me, um, seven years ago.
Oh wow.
I just think it was funny cause I like randomly doing that.
So let's see what we get on.
I'm going to actually do a search for orange lounge.
You have some rapid fire news stories to be reading young lady.
Yes I do.
And by the way, I found the orange lounge.
Nice.
So anyway, um, yeah, with, uh, the stuff I have, we've got, um, rock band releases coming
from him one night only, um, the police and Marilyn Manson.
So the him pack is heart killer, Oh, to solitude wings of a butterfly, which I don't give a
shit about.
And then we have a KSM, um, distracted Marilyn Manson, the dope show one night only just
for tonight and police walking on the moon.
And they're also available for Lego rock band.
Then we have, um, yeah, David Coverdale is kind of funny.
Um, they, he's not sure if there's going to be any white snakes songs coming on to, uh,
any of the music games.
The only one that I care about is, uh, here I go again because I mean, I'm sorry, that
song is just awesome.
And then, um, AXIS, um, is, uh, bringing back the Kunio-kun series.
We um, they are going to be, um, localizing Kunio-kun no Cho Nekketsu Dayan Dokai, which
is Kunio's extreme hot-blooded athletic meet.
And for those who do not know, the Kunio games are the river city games.
So they are actually adopting the river city name to release these under.
So we get river city super sports challenge and river city soccer hooligans, river city
dodge ball.
Yeah.
Super dodge ball brawlers.
Sweet.
So that's it.
All right, let's get into some Twitter topics, folks.
We always invite your Twitter topics at twitter.com slash O L R.
We're going to read some of your tweets.
Show us your tweets.
Let's see.
Uh, our first tweet tonight comes to us from, um, I think that story's coming up a little
later.
Let me do this one for stir lock that says, do you guys use Comcast having connection
issues here as well?
Uh, I believe the studio is on Comcast, right?
Yup.
In fact, I think Comcast in the Sacramento area is really one of the only options.
There's another provider called SureWest for parts of like, they suck here west Sacramento
ish.
I think they're really popular, but not a lot here.
And um, the U-verse I don't think really exists here.
Yeah, we don't have U-verse.
I tried to look, I looked up all of those for my new apartment cause I want to, you
know, competitively price and see who can give me the best deal.
Comcast was my only option, but it looks like the internet's running fine now.
So whatever.
Um, let's see, uh, got a message from alpha Kananagram that's, uh, pointed us to this
news story, uh, on joystick.
I want to make sure this isn't coming up later in the show cause I didn't familiarize myself
very well with the show world tonight, but it has to do with Nippon Ichi.
The president over there is going to be resigning apparently at the March 31st.
Nippon Ichi president Tomohiro Sato said that he is stepping down from his managerial post
on March 31st.
He's saying it is because of personal reasons, but just a coincidence.
It happens to be that Nippon Ichi recently announced that they are facing a big financial
decline.
Uh-oh.
Yeah.
The personal reason is, uh, I got to get off the sinking ship quick.
Hopefully things are able to turn around there.
And also another tweet to us from actdeft saying, can someone buy me this please?
And he links us to a story on Kotaku that talks about pre-ordering the Final Fantasy
13 soundtrack, 85 tracks on four CDs.
Uh, you can also get that on the North American Squeenix store.
I'm sure it's going to be available through iTunes as well, but what a nice little collector's
edition that would make.
So there you go.
Nice.
I don't know.
I haven't really heard a lot of the music from Final Fantasy 13 yet.
Just the Leona Lewis song, but that's because that's on her CD anyway.
So you can hear the little clip on iTunes.
So I haven't really heard the actual music music from the game yet.
So, but I did see of all places I saw on Oh No They Didn't this week, which if you've
never heard of Oh No They Didn't, Alan, help me describe Oh No They Didn't.
You've been a member longer than I have.
How would you describe it?
It's the largest community on LiveJournal.
It's so, it's so large that during, um, major news events, it'll actually crash the site
for one community that's totally nonprofit and they don't make any money off of it, but
it's just celebrity gossip and media news.
So it's just, you know, celeb lols basically.
Yeah.
Uh, and lots of great animated gifts are the whole reason to be on Oh No They Didn't.
You find the best animated gifts you're going to find anywhere on the internet there.
So anyway, um, Oh No They Didn't had a story about somebody posted the actual video on
YouTube of Leona Lewis playing Final Fantasy 13 and it was kind of awkward to look at like,
you know, she's really cute and everything, but her lines sounded really fed.
Like I don't, let me see if I can find that video really quick, um, before we get to the
next news story here, maybe I'll have Loki do a new story real quick while I try to find
the video and then I'll come back to this cause it's, you got to hear this cause I don't
know.
Like as, as, as precious as Leona Lewis is, I can't really think of a good verb or adjective
to describe Leona Lewis, but a precious, what seems to be one, uh, her lines sound really
forced.
So I've got, I got to try this.
By the way, uh, Kuma JP in chat is saying quite good.
Apparently the music is quite good.
So chat at orange on radio.com you want me to go ahead and do this story where I try
to find that YouTube, um, to kind of go back to what we talked about last week with the
Xbox live arcade block party, um, got some pretty good games coming out during the month
of March.
Um, now we do have dates for all of them, so you can plan accordingly.
And to recap, uh, March 3rd, we're going to see the release of toys soldiers for 1200
Microsoft points or $15 in real money a week after that.
So March 10th, we'll have a scrap metal, which is kind of a top down racing game.
No one really care though, because that's the same week as I believe final fantasy 13.
Um, and that's also 1200 Microsoft points or $15 on March 17th.
Uh, there will be the, um, perfect dark, uh, Xbox live arcade game coming out for $10 or
800 Microsoft points, and then finally, of course, as expected, uh, March 24th, the game
room hub will be available, uh, for no charge.
Of course, the games will run on their 400 Microsoft points or $5 for a PC and Xbox 360
friendly version.
Or if you want to license them for one system, 240 Microsoft points or 40 Microsoft points
for a single play.
I am so excited about game room though.
I think it's going to be fun.
And I, and I hope there'll be people that want to have competitions on the old school
games with me.
Cause I think I'll buy some of them, but I'm not going to buy like, I'm definitely not
buying all the games that I've had.
Definitely.
No, I refuse.
I will not buy a game that was already out on Xbox live.
Although I will ask this cause I don't see a story on this anywhere else.
And I read this earlier this week.
Did you hear about how apparently some of the midway games have disappeared from Xbox
live completely, uh, joust and smash TV, like pretty much anything that was connected to
midway gauntlet.
Oh, they're gone.
They're gone.
They're not on Xbox live.
You cannot buy them now.
Now they swear up and down, or at least on major Nelson's blog, it swears nothing to
do with game room.
It's a licensing thing.
And maybe that has to do with like the Warner brothers acquisition, but I don't know.
I kind of look at that and go, okay, uh huh, sure.
I think it has to do with midway being gone.
I think that's what it is because now, but seriously, if Joe shows up on game room, aren't
you going to be like, you just get, I'm sorry, I gave a visual, but aren't you just kind
of like hanging around to go really not going to be really, I don't think that's the reason
why.
I mean, first off, I can't imagine those games are really popular right now as far as purchases
go.
But they're classic.
I mean, smash TV is a classic.
I understand that, but you know, at the same time, I guess maybe they could be doing that,
but it, I don't think it's going to matter because there's going to be Pac-Man and the
Namco games aren't going away on, you know, Xbox live arcade, Konami games, I don't know.
Konami games.
Frogger.
We'll always have Frogger.
So I don't, you know, great.
Um, so I don't doubt that.
I don't think that's the reason why is that, you know, because they're putting them on,
on that service, but well, we'll see.
Uh, and I, I, I, good question from act JEFT in our chat room, Joust, then what will happen
with those Xbox live 12 month game codes?
I guess they're screwed or maybe you'll get the point.
Well, the first off, so you know, the Xbox live 12 month game codes that are, you know,
that come with free games and stuff.
Um, I think they switched out those games.
Yeah.
They probably switched out Joust a long time ago.
They do new versions all the time.
And the same thing, you know, they may be off the marketplace, but those codes may still
redeem it.
And if you've already downloaded it and need to redownload it again, they're still up there.
So they're on their servers.
Yeah.
And your game doesn't stop working just because it's gone.
So it, it, it may not matter that those game codes are in there.
Do you know how many of those freaking games I bought?
Like I think what I want to do tomorrow is just go in when I have internet again, I'm
going to go in and actually just play Joust and Smash TV and all those games you can't
get anymore just to fill up my gamer card to go, nah, nah, nah, I have them cause I'm
weird.
All right.
Uh, let's go back to something I was mentioning earlier.
This video is only a minute 13 so I'm going to go ahead and play it in studio.
This is Leona Lewis talking about Final Fantasy 13 and this is on YouTube user Gamerspawn,
although I'm guessing he probably just stole it from the, uh, official Squeenix YouTube,
but this is just who I'm playing it from.
So whatever.
So here it is.
Leona Lewis talking about Final Fantasy 13.
There's a little, here we go.
Pretty amazing.
graphics are insane.
She just did this little like, yes thing with her little hand, like a little fist.
Like I don't know how many times I've been playing Final Fantasy where I went, yes, but
that couldn't have looked any more forced.
I just, just point out, I have to say I have though thrown down my controller and gone
out for fuck's sake.
Exactly.
That's what I want.
That's what I want to see.
I want her to throw her controller at the window like fucking monster will be funny.
What do you want to bet?
Like she might be holding the controller, but somebody else off camera is holding the
real controller and playing the game so they can show her playing the game.
Cool.
Cool.
Amazing.
I don't know until I run around the land all day.
Hi everyone.
I'm thrilled to be collaborating with Square Enix on such a groundbreaking game.
I never would have imagined my hands as such a perfect fit for Final Fantasy 13, but the
strong female protagonist struck a chord with me and I can't wait to see lightning do her
thing.
No one talks like that.
In anticipation of the much awaited launch of Final Fantasy 13 and on behalf of Square
Enix, please join us in celebration of the launch of Final Fantasy 13 on March 9th.
It's like I can see her eyes reading off the cue card as she's saying.
No one says protagonist.
Well unless you're a literary nerd.
And she's not.
I could run around the land all day.
This game is awesome.
It has a wonderful story.
I want to run around the field.
It's like, come on, what is wrong with me?
I see something sparkly.
In defense of that, in defense of the running around all day thing, I have been doing a
lot of that in Star Trek Online just to see, oh I wonder if this planet's here, oh I wonder
if this planet's here.
But that's an MMO.
And the funny thing is, Final Fantasy 13's kind of been getting a little slack for how
linear it is.
Like I've heard it's kind of like, you don't have towns and the dungeons are not, you know,
it's a little more linear.
Although I've heard good things about the game.
It's just a little different.
So it's just funny to hear her say, I could just, I could just run around all day.
I could just do that.
I could just run around all day because that's all I know how to do.
I could run around all day long and annoy the fuck out of my significant other who's
watching me play this game and go, what the fuck are you doing woman?
Did you want to say something Alan?
I was going to say it's the only way really one of her singles is going to sell two million
copies here.
Is that she attaches it to that video game.
Well no because then all the, all the stuck up people are going to be like, oh well the
Japanese version's better because you know, everything.
You know who actually had, I think to this date had the best final fantasy song ever.
And that's Angela Aki.
I'm sorry that hers was, was such a crap game, but kiss me goodbye was a great song and it
launched her career.
Was it, was that was nine, right?
Yes.
But I don't, I don't think nine was a crap game.
It was one of the better places.
It was better than eight.
The thing about nine is it just kind of like, if I remember right, you know, this is many
years ago, but if I remember right, nine just kind of showed up like just out of nowhere,
like, Hey, Final Fantasy nine's out.
Like, Oh wow.
And then it was like, Hey, fanservice fanservice.
And then Hey, the PS2 is out now.
Like it was kind of the same thing that Final Fantasy happened with Final Fantasy 12.
But it was like, Hey, here's Final Fantasy 12 finally.
Oh, but the Xbox 360 and PS3 are out now.
Darn.
Well, I meant, and I'm not saying it was a bad game, I'm not saying crap game was more
like I lost interest in it.
Like I got to the, I got on the airship and I was done, you know, when you first escape,
but it had the best song, uh, SSJ 100 Matt in our chat room saying, looking at the video,
she is using the player one controller.
Yeah.
But see, if they're smart, if they're really smart, they have another system that it's
sync to, and then they have the other controller sync to the other one they thought I had an
idiot could play a Final Fantasy game.
And after all, she did say that she liked running around the field.
So maybe they just put her down and maybe that was, she was just running around the
field.
Okay.
Look, I like Leona Lewis.
She's precious.
She can.
Why are we picking on Leona Lewis?
She's defenseless.
She's like, it's like, it's like, we're kicking Bambi.
Like making fun of Leona Lewis.
We're not making fun of Leona Lewis.
We're making fun of the song.
She did an avatar.
How forced that video was.
I don't mind the Final Fantasy 13 song.
Like I think it, I don't, I think the trailer is kind of weird with all the stuff blowing
up and it's like, you know, like explosions and motorcycles, you know, it's like, it doesn't
really fit.
I can put that song then as my battle music in Final Fantasy 14.
When you're attacking a level 75 bunny, crushing your neck,
Yipping your head off.
I don't like doing falsetto on the show.
Hey, let's talk about iTunes and iPhone because of course the iPhone, whether a Loki likes
it or not, is another gaming platform.
And apparently, um, but nevermind.
Okay.
Apparently there's this game out on the iPhone that folks are getting a little crazy about
and it's a wobble eye boobs.
This program got, use your imagination folks, $30,000 is how much this game made last year,
but it was now being removed because you know, people were complaining about the sexual content.
Apparently some of the rules that were given as to what is not supposed to be in your app,
no images of women in bikinis, no images of men in bikinis, no skin, uh, no silhouette
that indicate that wobble can be used for wobbling boobs, no sexual connotations or
innuendo, boobs, babes, booty sex, nothing that can be sexually arousing and no apps
will be approved that in any way imply sexual content.
By the way, the guy asked us since no skin is a cited as a reason this app was pulled.
He asked if a burka was okay, but the Apple guy apparently got angry at that.
I don't know.
Do you think, uh, Apple has a right to be removing these ads?
It's gone.
Huh?
It's gone.
Oh yeah, it's gone.
Do you think Apple has a right to be taking this stuff down?
Or is it free speech?
I think they have a right, but I think at the same time they should offer this kind
of content.
I mean, just maybe locked somehow.
You can download a song called boobs.
And aren't there, aren't there apps about like farting and peeing and pooping and all
this stuff?
That's not nudity.
I'm sure there's apps about blowing people up.
It's not nudity.
It's not going to go in your pants pooping does involve nudity at some point this way.
Okay.
You can rip people's eyes out, but God damn it, if a boob shakes, it's over for you.
That's kind of messed up.
Should be equal across the board.
If you're going to have violent video games, which I don't know.
I don't know.
Apple's rules of violence, but you're going to have like, you know, the pooping calculator.
I think it's my next bowel movement should be mandatory mandatory for companies that
put out violent games, that there's equally as much sexual games out there.
So for example, you know, in a game like God of war that has lots of bloody violence, there
should be like just some really erotic game that they put out with no violence in it.
It's only fair.
Just make it prove that you're 18 in order to download the content.
Doesn't it kind of already do that?
Like I seem to remember like downloading some content and it'll say, this is a just might
be objectionable.
I think the keyboard cat app that I have, which will play keyboard cap at the cat at
the touch of a button.
It's amazing.
Uh, actually says this might contain mature content and are you have to be 17 or older
to continue.
It's keyboard cat.
I know, but I think that cats playing keyboard is offensive.
It's cruelty to keyboards.
What about dogs playing keyboards?
I don't give a shit.
Just curious.
You should play the bassoon.
I don't know.
What?
I think I said the bassoon for some reason.
I don't know.
What?
Where did the bassoon come from?
I think, oh, I mentioned the bassoon quartet earlier.
You're in a bassoon mood.
I see.
I see.
Rolf, the dog played keyboard before anyone.
So sorry, freaking keyboard cat app.
Now I have to download it.
I always got to bring it back to Muppets.
I mean, Rolf, the dog is used before keyboard cat.
Can I do a story?
Yes.
Speaking of iPhone and violence, yeah, Street Fighter IV is going to be coming on iPhone,
and I'm like, why?
Really?
Why?
So far, all we see is Ken and Ryu, nothing really in action.
They look kind of dinky and tiny.
I wasn't aware that the iPhone had a big 3D processor in it or anything, so whatever.
But in happier news for those of us who will play Super Street Fighter IV, we get some
Street Fighter III characters.
We get Ibuki, we get Makoto, and we get Dudley, as we mentioned, Rumor of the Week before.
So that's pretty cool.
And there's also this kickbox.
I was looking at the Japanese, I'm sure you saw what my wallpaper was of Sakura, but it
was a Super Street Fighter IV website.
There's also this Korean Taekwondo fighter who's just vicious.
Absolutely vicious.
They show this character beating up Sagat, and they never show anyone beating up Sagat,
so pretty crazy.
I didn't play a lot of Street Fighter III, admittedly.
Are these good characters to be bringing over, or is this kind of like, they could have picked
better ones?
Ibuki was my staple for Street Fighter III.
Same.
Yeah.
She's fast.
The only one who I actually would have really liked to see was Elena.
I think Elena was the one I used.
She's the one that kind of did like Capoeira type moves, right?
Yeah.
I used her when I played.
She was all leg.
Ah, very cool.
Kind of like Eddie in Tekken 4, right, or 3, 4, 1 of the 2?
3.
Because after that they got Christie.
So Street Fighter IV on the iPhone, huh?
They're talking about porting it to the PSP also.
It's going to be interesting.
You know what I-
I can see the PSP better than I can see the-
It makes more sense because it has buttons.
The screen capture, well the screen capture, this image that they had of it was like the
joystick and everything was on the screen.
So like, are you going to actually be able to see what you're doing?
No.
It's a bad idea.
They're going to make money off of it, it's a bad idea.
Well, you know what I think about Street Fighter IV coming to the iPhone?
Your mom?
Actually, no, that's the Muppet Babies theme.
I just had it stuck in my head ever since Alan mentioned Rolfe, so.
Let's jam to this a little bit.
Because it's going to be better than Street Fighter IV on the iPhone, let's face it.
Oh yeah, no, I don't care about Street Fighter IV on the iPhone, it's going to control like
shit until the Apple releases an actual joystick for the iPhone.
Who cares?
But I would download a Muppet Babies app, I would.
Well maybe you might be more interested in Fable III.
Fable III, they're talking a little bit about the co-op in the game.
And it sounds to me, even though they're claiming it's all new and stuff, it sounds just like
Fable II if you ask me, but according to an interview with Peter Molyneux during the Four
Guys 1UP podcast, they talked about the co-op system.
Basically if you go into someone else's game, you'll take your player, your player's dog,
the weapons that you've crafted as well, all the unique stuff that you've made will be
in the game.
So if you don't want to be tied into the person's camera, you could go off and do your own thing.
But of course, just like the second game, you want to be careful of who you invite in
your game because someone may come and rape all your women.
Just like, you know.
I hate it when that happens.
Yes, exactly.
Or it hits on the shopkeeper and they stop working.
I hate it when I leave my house and I come back and all the women got raped while I was
gone.
It's just, what a downer to your day.
Yes.
So, does Shermie like my jacket?
I think Shermie is confused at all the feet blocking access to her bed.
Shermie ran away.
Shermie's like, fuck this.
No, she didn't run.
She waddled.
I won't go get pie.
She waddled with her little shaking belly.
So just looking at this, I'm going to go out on a limb here and say Fable 2 and Fable 3,
probably not that much different from each other.
What a shock.
Despite all this hype, you know, much like the hype from Fable 1 to Fable 2, don't be
surprised if they're very similar.
Well, if I get to bring all this stuff into the game, can I bring Shermie into my game?
That's what I want to do.
What would she do?
Poop?
Not be able to run and catch up.
No, she'd find a towel that was laying around in your game and piss on it, which is what
she's been doing lately.
Fuck you to my cat.
We're not at that segment yet.
Anyhow, we'll get there, though.
We'll be there in a minute.
But first, I want to mention this story about a Darksiders demo that's coming to Xbox Live
and PlayStation Network on February 25th.
Apparently, it's a pretty extensive demo.
They're saying, THQ and Vigil Games, they're saying this demo is going to be 90 minutes
to complete for the average player, which means I'll be able to beat it in 30.
No, 120.
Yeah, 90 minutes for the average player.
Apparently, it's the entire first dungeon of the game and two bosses from the game.
So that's coming out on February 25th for the game Darksiders.
I guess they just wanted to see, wanted to really give you a whole in-depth look at the
game.
It seems like, why not?
You know, if a game is going to take 50 hours to complete, what's with giving away an hour
and a half for free?
They could have given away an hour and a half demo for Oblivion and people would just come
to you.
I mean, there's games.
Get people hooked.
Games like Saints Row where, you know, they had a half an hour demo, I played that demo
like 80 times.
It was awesome.
Yeah.
Get people hooked.
And then there you go.
Kill time until the game came out.
All right.
Uh, we're going to get into the mailbag section of our show.
Every time you guys send us emails at mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com, we take a moment
during the show to rip open the mailbag and pick a few of our favorite emails to read.
Dark Soccer is going to dive into the mailbag at mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com and read
some emails right now.
Hi guys, it's Sam S again.
I just wanted to say sorry about criticizing your haste when it comes to the feed.
The article about PopCap dumbass struck as potentially mind blowing.
I think I'm on the same rage level as Loki on this one.
The guy is a dumbass.
There is no reason PopCap reps need to say anything about the general gaming populace.
They have no fucking clue what the average gamer wants.
This guy needs to shut his mouth and also the iPad is a disgrace and I wish it would
be the downfall of Apple Go Microsoft.
Um, whatever.
Now this is- Can I respond to that real quick?
Like dude, you're welcome to your opinion and all that fun stuff, but like, okay, even
if the iPad fails, Apple still has ginormous business as a phone company.
I know that's not what they started as.
They started with those little green monitors that were in all of our grade school classrooms,
but they're a huge phone company now and yet computers and all that stuff too, but like
the phone thing is huge- The Mac is still the standard of the graphic
design industry.
But yeah, I do remember Loki going off on that one show that was kind of funny and yeah,
he had a point.
I'll, I'll, I'll meet you halfway there.
Now for the long ass email of the night.
Yay!
Hi, O.L.R.
I'm not sure how much help this email will be, but I was listening to your last two podcasts
and wanted to know what it would take to get the video game development companies to be
unionized.
I'm definitely no expert, but I work for a local in Chicago.
Although I have no say in the local's decisions or anything, I've been with them for a while
now and I've seen how things are done.
I also work closely with one of the largest unions in the US.
I'm not an employee, but I visit them every day and I see some of the big wigs on a daily
basis.
I'm no expert, but some of what they do has rubbed off on me.
At first I thought it involved simple factors like the size of a company or what percentage
of said company wants to be unionized.
I talked to some of the folks at work and they summarized what they said.
Those employees that want to organize need to sit down with the organizer and well, get
organized.
AFSCME, AFL-CIO, and SCIU are one of the biggest unions, SCIU dealing with USA, Canada, and
Puerto Rico.
One of the ladies at work said that the video game industry would probably fall under the
entertainment category, which should mean that all of the unions, the AFL-CIO is the
one to contact.
What they need to do is contact their closest AFL-CIO branch.
It all depends, although, because I don't know which video game company you had in mind.
If you were thinking EA, where a friend of mine works, they would need to contact the
Sacramento office or maybe San Francisco.
I honestly can't remember.
I didn't take notes and there's a link.
It's actually aflcio.org slash join a union slash how slash how to dot CFM.
Now you can end my email here, but I'd like to voice my opinion on this.
Protecting video game workers is probably supported by most gamers who feel they should
have fair work hours, pay, and everything else.
However, say there's a strike at Square Enix and it prevented the release of the newest
Final Fantasy game or strike at Capcom that's keeping the newest crossover fighting game
from coming out.
Will gamers still support the striking workers?
Who will gamers choose the product to the workers?
I honestly don't know what I'd want more to be honest.
Remember the writer strike that prevented new episodes of TV shows from premiering?
Were you reading for the writers or were you craving more episodes of lost or ugly Betty?
Oh wow.
My, my insertment.
I didn't care.
I don't, I don't really watch.
I know you don't watch a lot of TV, but look from the standpoint of somebody who was like,
I think the writer's strike kind of ruined heroes that show.
Well, the second season was already kind of poopy, but like, I don't know, like the writer's
strike really damned some shows that were on a roll.
I see, I see the point the email was trying to make.
It's a, it's a, it's a great point and one I didn't, one I didn't consider last
week.
That's why I'm glad we got emails on it.
But if companies also want to keep their product going, they need to have a quality work environment
for the people that are working for them.
You have to respect the worker, but to continue, I remember in high school after I graduated,
the teachers were striking for whatever reason, maybe pay, and they kept school from starting
on time, which meant the end of the school year was that much later.
The students were not happy and wanting, and one of the striking to end, not for the teacher
sake, but for their early release.
Who knows, I probably didn't want to be on the teacher side because teachers aren't
usually students' best friend, who knows.
So yeah, I wouldn't know, um, know what I'd go for.
If you support the workers, then be really sure you still support them, even at the cost
of the release date of a game you're really looking forward to.
Stan, Rob, it was nice to meet, it was nice meeting you when you came to ASIN.
I know I was kind of boring.
Oh, okay, okay.
I know who this is.
Well, that was a great email and, and, and brought up some points and, um, I don't,
I don't know if you told me you worked for a union, but that's really neat that, um,
to kind of see that side of it and kind of brought up some things I didn't think about.
Like especially, yeah, what would happen if they go on strike?
You know, we hear all these reports about conditions and again, I want to make this
clear.
I wasn't necessarily like supporting saying they should unionize, I was just kind of asking
the question, what about like, is it a feasible option?
Question mark.
I don't know.
You know, the only, the only way anything's going to change if, is, is if something is
done.
So I was just suggesting maybe union, is that something maybe then it's kind of neat to
get that email and think about that perspective is that, you know, if, if that were to happen,
uh, strikes would be a very real possibility and people already bitch and complain when
games are delayed, even if the game is being delayed for quality reasons.
You know?
Yeah.
A lot of people have been, I think Final Fantasy was a good example.
A lot of people have been given Final Fantasy some smack because 13 has taken forever to
come out.
But what if it had been delayed even more because of some type of, of workers strike?
That's a, an interesting point.
I don't know.
I would like to think me personally, I'm okay with the game being delayed as long as they're
going to put out a quality product at the end.
Like I was really looking forward to blur that was supposed to come out fourth quarter
last year, but they delayed it to this year because they want to make sure online wasn't
fucked.
And I'm okay with that.
I would rather they fix it than put out a crap game.
Oh, I agree.
I agree with that.
Um, there actually is one more email, um, about, uh, the unions.
Hey, O-O-L-R. I know we've been on this topic for three weeks now, so I will keep it short.
The problem with unionizing game developers is that unions cost extra money that game
publishers are just not going to be willing to pay for.
They'll just hire non-unionized employees.
Lord knows that there are enough people desperate to get into the industry by any means possible
that they will work god awful hours thinking they're the next best game developer since
Miyamoto.
Basically, as long as there are people to take advantage of, this will probably never
stop.
Unfortunately, it doesn't leave much room for people with families who don't want to
or simply can't work 12 hour days, seven days a week.
These people get suckered in by company lies when they say they're getting hired for the
job saying that crunch periods will only happen on a necessity basis.
The crunch period slowly becomes perpetual and if they don't crunch, they get fired.
The only light at the end of the tunnel I can see is if all the talent gets wise to
this sort of thing and the bottom is just going to fall out of the industry.
There are no senior level developers left and all you have is a bunch of hotshots with
a degree who don't actually know how to get a game out on time.
The EA's, Rockstar's, Activision's of the world need to realize that their employees
are really the ones who make the money for them and if they don't treat them well, they
won't have a leg left to stand on.
Hopefully I kept that brief enough.
As a programmer myself, I count my blessings for being employed by a company that lets
us go home at 7 p.m. though plenty of us stay later willingly and doesn't make us work weekends
and I think it's outrageous that there are situations like this right in my backyard
since I work in Silicon Valley.
Here's truly AZHP.
Well I wish we could name, I completely understand why you don't want to say who you work for
on a delicate subject like this so please, but I wish we could recognize whatever company
that is and go yay and pat them on the back for having kind of a good employee policy
like that.
Maybe that's what it's going to take is negative press for these companies like EA and whatever
else we've heard about with the nightmare hours to curb it.
Bad press is never really a good thing.
I don't know.
It's not an easy issue.
I think this second emailer makes a really good point about the whole people are dying
to get into the video games industry.
I mean most of those tester positions are like temps, they're temp jobs through contracting
agencies and that's how many people get their foot in the door which is why I think it's
hilarious that they're glamorizing the whole thing on this PlayStation 3 show, the tester
or whatever it's called that's coming out.
Now granted I haven't watched it yet.
You get to test Barbie soccer.
I'll look at it because I like reality TV and I like video games so you would think
I would like some and I like how sparks so you would think I'm all about something like
the tester but I just I know I'm not gonna like it.
I just know it.
But something like that kind of glamorizes what might not actually be that glamorous.
It's just a little hard watching a show that's basically a commercial shoved down your throat.
Did you watch it?
No, but I can guess what it's gonna be.
A giant commercial shoved down my throat.
Oh look it!
Let's test God of War 3!
Oh my goodness it's so epic and wonderful but look at all these bugs!
No it's not gonna be like that.
All it's gonna be is them stupid challenges that are game related and then they get to
talk about how awesome it was to get to play God of War 3 for anybody else.
You know what would make me watch the tester is if RuPaul was the judge.
You know and that at the end of every episode remember don't fuck it up.
It's time for you to lip sync for your life.
Seriously if you've never watched Drag Race it's like the best reality show on right now.
Well can I read the last email?
Of course.
Dear OLR, I have a pair of questions for Loki.
If I buy a banned modded 360 console and play a game with a patch, can I download the patch
and will the patch prevent me from playing a burned game?
I wholly understand if you refuse to answer this question.
Stay care entertainment.
Repeat that.
A banned modded 360.
Okay.
And has a game that patches released for it.
Can you download the patch and will the patch prevent you from playing the burned game?
No the patch will not prevent you from playing the burned game but you're not going to be
able to connect to live to download the patch.
So you would have to download the patch by some other means and then transfer it to your
hard drive and then yes you would be able to do that.
It's over!
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com if you want to send us emails.
I think that's the way Dark Soccer should end the mailbag every week.
It's over!
There is actually a website though that does carry all of the game patches that are out
there for Xbox 360 and you can download them all individually and search by title.
Unfortunately I do not remember what that website is but I know that if you do a search
on Google you'll probably be able to find it because I've seen it a few times.
But that would be the way to do it if you're going to bother patching a game.
Alright well now that the email segment is done it's time for us to get to the angst
but Dark Soccer ran out real quick so I guess let's just cover some gaming news.
We'll do the angst before Skypline tonight.
Okie dokie.
So let's see let's talk about a few naughty games.
Yay!
Naughty games!
Bubble Bath Babes 2?
Not quite.
This is actually Miss World Nude 2010.
This doesn't even really have a game involved with it.
I mean they're just, it's basically if Ubisoft were to release this today it would be probably
called My Masturbation Coach.
Press A C Tits?
Is that the name of the game?
No it's basically a game that tracks your masturbation and what not.
Wait is this like, instead of like My Fitness Coach or Wii Fit?
Exactly.
It tracks your...
Masturbation.
Ok.
Alright.
Do you have to enter it in manually?
Funny.
Anyways the game is from the game developer Waffle which they went right there because
their name is Waffle.
I can't compete with that.
The Eero title looks, let me butcher this real quick here.
Looks like a Migeti Ga Tomarane Boku 2.
I'm not even going to bother.
Are we talking like a Belgian Waffle or like an Eggo?
It's just Waffle.
Waffle, Waffle, Waffle.
Anyways.
That's going to be in a song someday I know that.
That's the code name of the game right there.
Waffle, Waffle.
Anyways so the game records important events or everyday events.
For example, today's play style, Socks Masturbation.
Yes, they give you inspirational methods of masturbation.
For example, number of times you've wanked today, total number of times wanked so far,
there is a graphical chart that has it all, time taken for ejaculation and average time
taken for ejaculation.
Is it animation with little dead sperm?
They've got like cute anime girls that are in there.
But it gets better.
It gets better.
And then of course they have a wonderful database where you can organize and track information.
Total time spent wanking so far, total number of ejaculations so far.
And then of course, oh this is even better.
And then they list innovative methods of masturbation you might have never thought about.
Including in the diagram here, it looks like that stuff cut out of foam and then someone
has like foam pieces in the tube.
I don't know.
Anyways, but then of course the game is sold with like a pocket pussy as well.
Oh!
I thought you just used the Wii Fitness board.
The Tenga Egg Wavy is what it's called.
I thought that's what the resistance strap was for.
Ripped for your pleasure.
I mean yeah, the cover, I mean it's just topless anime chicks all wet and thriving around.
There is no way you would not know what this game is about.
So yes, that is coming from Waffle in Japan.
Waffle!
Waffle!
I'm sorry, but it's just, I don't know if you've ever played my personal walking coach
on the DS, but you can actually connect to the internet and upload your steps to this
big online database that shows you how far the world has walked to the moon or the earth.
So you should be able to do the same thing here and show total lost productivity time.
I would imagine that the pedometer could probably be used in a slimmer fashion for this device.
Not gonna see this on DSiWare unfortunately.
Okay and then the other thing, there's a weird glitch that's actually...
But wait, there's more!
Yes, there is more.
No More Heroes 2, Desperate Struggle.
Of course there's a lot of sexual innuendo in the game, but there is also a save glitch
apparently that causes one of the female characters to appear completely naked.
I'm watching it.
And it's funny, it's basically because Travis in the game, the way he saves is by taking
a dump in like a toilet, and that's the animation that they show.
Well this chick that's in the game, she's actually taking a shower.
Well the glitch is that somehow she ends up in the middle of the...
Ew!
No, she does not take a dump in the shower.
A Shinobu.
I'll give you a moment.
She's not...
Well she's fake naked.
Yeah, it's Sims naked type of stuff.
But still, the thing is that she does not have clothes on and they cannot patch that
out.
Go Nintendo.
No word on how exactly to recreate the glitch, but it is on YouTube for those who want to
check it out.
Rob is having a real life segfault right now.
It's pretty amazing.
I can't get the image in my head of the game saving her pooping in the shower.
Like that's nasty.
That doesn't just watch down the drain.
He even calls it dropping a save.
I'm gonna go drop a save.
And SSJ100Matt threw out the requisite tub girl question mark in our chat.
No, it's not tub girl.
Meh.
Alright.
Ow, my stomach hurts.
Please.
Yeah, we need to do the FUs of the week now because I hurt from laughing.
FU to a bunch of little tiny minor things adding up to put me in the single worst mood
I have ever been in in ages.
Rob, breathe.
I'm trying.
I don't know why it's so funny.
Okay, I'm okay.
I'm okay.
Carry on.
You're still speaking like you've been kicked in the nuts.
Carry on.
We're fine.
Try to do a show.
Professional radio.
Uh huh.
Yeah, right.
We're professional.
And a secondary FU to my wrist because I've started crocheting again.
This problem with my wrist swelling on one of the tendons has actually come back.
I started using a thumb trackball mouse to get it to go away.
But no, I discovered that I like crocheting again and so now it's decided to come back
so I have to stop crocheting as often.
See?
Aww.
Ew, you can kind of see that.
Yeah, I'm going to take a picture of it and put it up online because I'm that kind of
exhibitionist.
Wanna see?
Who wants to see my big bump?
Careful waffle entertainment might put that in their next game.
Loki.
Uh, empty my cold.
I hate coughing.
It's tough.
Um, I don't know.
I'm not super angsty.
FU to that not funny image that made me not stop laughing.
Um, FU to just, um, moves taking me like three weeks to accomplish moving.
Although everything was really smooth with the big furniture today, I still have so much
stuff to clean.
So FU to cleaning.
Grrr.
Argh.
Um, Alan, do you have any FUs of the week you'd like to share with our audience?
FU to having to, uh, job search or super serious rather than just casually having to find another
job.
Do you want to try sharing some of your talents in case anyone's looking to hire somebody?
You can always get a job as a video game tester.
Oh yeah.
Yes, he's breathing.
I think he qualifies.
So all right.
Uh, let's go ahead and, uh, let me do another story for you guys here from, uh, one more
story and then we're going to open up the Skype line at one eight seven seven game O
L R username on Skype is orange lounge radio, but we do have one more story and it's about
a new video game movie in the works and that movie missile command.
Yes, that's right.
Missile command apparently is being made into a movie at least.
Well, I don't know.
A lot of things they say are going to get made into a movie, but don't really, but this
is the latest one.
It's got more of a plot than monopoly, the movie and clue and all this stuff, right?
They were talking about previously.
They should not remake clue.
Clue was awesome.
The first time.
Well, apparently, uh, it's coming from the Los Angeles times that Atari is trying to
sell a missile command film to do whatever they want to try to make to a movie production
company, uh, to get the missile command movie made.
I don't know what it would be about, uh, but whatever.
It's gotta be better than like Armageddon was no word if yards revenge might become
a movie.
Who knows?
I don't know.
What kind of movie would you make at a missile command?
I don't know where either if I'm just going to be in the movie or not.
What's that?
A crappy one.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Whatever.
Yeah, of course.
It's not showing up.
That came up in chat.
Like two people asked is Mr Awesome, the star going back to some, uh, years old topics from
all games, radio, the network that we are on.
Let's get to the Skype line and quickly one eight seven seven game O L R. If you'd like
to give us a call right now, Skype line is open for business or you can give us a call
at username orange lounge radio on Skype.
We'll get to your calls in just a moment while we wait for those calls to come in cause there's
always a little bit of a delay.
We'll get to some last minute stories.
Loki.
Yes.
Uh, the new expansion for resident evil five also featured in the gold edition, um, has
an Easter egg where you can actually unlock the classic camera and you already talked
about that, didn't you?
No, that was one of my stories that you put in there.
Thank you.
Sorry.
You won't, you wanted to talk about that, but sorry.
Well how about something else?
I've got one on the ESRB site.
Q's working on a pixel junk racer.
Second lap.
There you go.
It appears that racers is the one that plays like a super sprint or whatever that old ass
Atari game is.
Right?
Yeah.
Okay.
I remember that one.
Yes.
Let's go to the phones.
We got a call.
Hi, you're on orange lodge radio.
Who's this?
This is the legend of Zaku.
What's on your mind?
Uh, nothing much.
Just recovering from another dull and lackluster weekend.
Um, yeah, I just, I think, I don't know if you've probably heard about this story that
was like hitting up the rounds on slash side and I think could, could talk to recently
about a company, but a video game developer who had, who had operations in Australia and
apparently since, uh, for some reason or another, we're trying to pull out of that country.
But before they did, they actually snuck into their, you know, to the Australian offices,
you know, their developers that they had down there, they snuck in and they actually, they
actually took the, the code, she took the, the IP from them.
Well, you know what I think about that?
What?
Uh, yeah, uh, no, I, I, well, I don't know.
What do you think is this, is this justice that they have a right to go in and steal
the code that they made or no?
Well, I mean, the whole situation is in a gray area.
I mean, you have on one hand, according to that, according to that company, which is
a inner zone, they said that because they use a third party HR firm, they basically,
they basically, you know, they're shifting the blame on them because they screwed up
all the, all the paperwork, legal paperwork with the Australian tax offices and especially,
you know, they're also blaming that country for not giving them the incentives that they
were, that they were owed for actually, for actually setting up operations there.
And then you see the developers, you know, with their other side of the story where they
were, you know, overworked and to the point where they didn't even get paid at all.
They were literally working without a paycheck, which I mean, this is the, this is one of
those, you know, unfortunate tales of the video game industry where you have a developer
that tries to like, you know, cut, cut corners, even though he's trying to make a, trying
to make, in other words, he's trying to make it, he's trying to make a quick dollar by
trying to outsource things that normally most companies would be able to take care of on
their own.
Zaco, do you wear a hard hat when you call on the show?
Not really.
Oh, I was just curious.
Um, well, you know, if they're working for this company though, and the company is paying
them to do a job and the job is to write code for this game.
Okay.
Okay.
Are you ready?
The reason why Rob was making banging noises is because that's what it sounds like when
you type.
Well, it's not my fault that the, the microphone is so close to the webcam on my Mac book.
All right.
I'm just saying that's why Rob was making the noises and asking about the hard hat.
I can't type fluently.
I'm more pecker.
Anyways, as we were saying, wait, did you just say you're a pecker?
I just, you know, you know, we, we give our favorite people the hardest time look in all
services to answer the question or to respond to the, I guess the story about it is that,
you know, there's a certain kind of like yay hero to the story about them going in and
stealing this code because the developers are screwing them over.
But the bottom line is, you know, they, they are signing the checks and paying them to
write code for this game.
And if you know, it doesn't work out.
It's still owned by the people who sign those paychecks, but when you actually go for months
without paying your employee and just try to shift blame, you know, not make any, any
valiant effort to rectify the situation that, I mean, the owners falls on that company labor.
Is this an American company?
It's basically an American company, which you know, has supposedly has a studio in Australia.
They'll get, they'll get the pants suit off of them anyway.
I mean, right now the Australian tax board, you know, as I said, they, they're, they're
owed lots of, you know, back taxes because, you know, as I said, if they outsource human
resources and payroll to an Australian company that didn't do their job, it's the parent
company's responsibility to make sure that those taxes are paid and everything is settled
in whatever country they're operating.
I mean, this is, this applies for any other company that sets a shop anywhere else.
They have to play by the local, you know, they had to play by the local, yeah, the play
by the municipality's rules.
Like if I were to set up something, you know, if I were to set up a company in another country,
I'll be under their jurisdiction.
So I'd have to make sure that my company was running legitimately over there.
It'll be interesting to see all the lawsuits that go back and forth on this whole thing.
But Zach, Zach, we gotta, we gotta wrap up and get to some other calls, but, um, thank
you very much for the call.
All right.
All right.
Later, dude.
All right.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Um, hi, this is Elite Slayer.
Hey, Elite Slayer, what's on your mind?
Um, well, I was actually, um, on, I was on my laptop earlier and we were starting to
talk about the, um, Halo Reach beta and we, and then they were like, oh, and they wanted
to know more about, you know, like the Halo storyline.
And I know a lot about like bungee in the storyline.
And so we started talking about it and then, um, this guy came on and then we got into
this full blown argument about whether there were Spartans left in the Halo saga when like
Halo three was happening or not.
And I was on the side of that there was because, you know, just thinking master chief was,
um, he, and, uh, the whole storyline was kind of following him, but you never actually realized,
you know, kind of the other Spartans out there may have been left.
So, um, but the other guy was talking about this and I don't know where these facts are
coming up, but he said that, um, in Halo two and in Halo three, they're talking about how
he was the last Spartan and there was, um, no one else left.
And he was the only guy that could help this war.
And to be honest with you, I did not play Halo two.
Um, I mean, I've watched all the cut scenes and everything, but I didn't watch Halo.
I watched, I didn't play Halo two.
Um, even though, you know, I know it's, um, what's happening, you know, from the graphics
to the world's worst cliffhanger on there.
But um, I just seriously don't know, this is driving me crazy about whether there's
Spartans left, um, whether there was actually Spartans left in Halo three or there wasn't,
I mean, um, is there like a place in the storyline that actually says there is or isn't because
how they're talking about how in Halo reach that's new coming up, you know, you can play
the beta on May 3rd now, um, when it comes up, but how they're talking about how he had
a squad and then they're thinking they all died.
You know, I just don't know.
It's driving me crazy to be honest with you.
Out of curiosity, do you have your own show?
Cause you just talked for two minutes.
There was, is fascinating.
I mean, yeah.
Uh, you know, you can say I'm kind of the person that can, I can actually talk a lot,
but what I like to do for fun, like this may surprise you.
Um, I like to debate a lot.
I mean, I'm not kidding you.
People will, um, be like, they, after it's done, they're like, do you hate me now?
I'm like, no dude.
I just did that.
Cause I was pretty much bored.
I mean, that's it, you know, that's how, that's my personality to be honest with you.
But I don't, uh, lead Slayer, I'm going to answer your question quite, quite simply.
I don't know.
I, did you know, no, I wasn't paying attention to everything, but, uh, did you, um, happen
to catch the new Halo legends, uh, anime series that they had?
Cause there's a lot of, uh, different backstory stuff.
I think in there too, it might, um, yeah, I'll tell you this though.
Um, I saw, I saw the first four episodes of Halo legends and I looked at it and I'm like,
Oh my God, you know, I'm like, where, cause a lot of the stuff there, it does go along
the series, but then it's like some of the stuff, you know, it's like they're pulling,
just pulling out of their ass, you know, I'm like, where did this come from?
Because in, um, the third episode, they're riding these motorbike things, um, in like
space and, um, just doesn't make any sense.
Um, but, um, I'm starting to say I'm a lot, oh my God.
That's all right.
That's all right.
You're nervous.
It's a radio show.
Okay.
Wait before we got to wrap up here and go soon and I gotta be honest.
I don't know the answer to your Halo question, but maybe it's answered one of these books
or whatever.
Oh yeah.
There's books too on the whole Halo thing, but I want to, I want to debate you real quick
on a certain topic.
Okay.
Uh, since you're a big debate person, let's debate, uh, what, what is cooler keyboard
playing cats or keyboard playing dogs?
Okay.
And you start and take whatever side you want.
All right, dude, I got to go with, um, I, yeah, I heard your second on this earlier.
I got to say cats because just think cats, you've got low cap cats are crazy.
You got these animated gifts, you got all these things, you know, um, it's gotta be
one of a cool app.
Um, you know, everyone loves kittens, they're cute, they've got all this funny crap with
them.
They're swearing.
Kittens have, you know, they're just awesome.
Okay.
Well you're wrong and you're an idiot.
Okay.
Okay.
You're a liar.
Okay.
I got this.
Kittens are awesome.
I mean, I know I can sometimes be a dog person, but on, you know, online and iPhone, you know,
kittens are so much better.
They're funner, they lighten up your day.
I mean, they make you smile.
Come on.
It comes down to this.
Okay.
The easiest way you can determine which one's cooler, which is obviously cats, is because,
okay, dogs are trainable.
Cats are the untrainable.
Okay.
To train a cat to play a keyboard, well, force a cat to play keyboard.
Same thing.
Why are we even talking about this?
Why?
It's so much cooler.
At least Slayer, this has been a heck of a call, but I've got to let you go so we can
get some more, but thank you for your call to the show.
Yeah.
Take care.
Later, man.
You know what was awesome about that phone call?
Not a damn thing came of it.
We never even bothered to answer his question, but then he took two minutes to ask.
Dude, Wikipedia.
I don't.
Yeah.
Halo Wiki.
All right.
The whole chat room is going gong, gong, please end this, make it stop.
Why are you doing this to me?
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
This is somebody that's not going to fap into a keyboard or sit there and get a stupid conversation
about stupid stuff like Halo.
Are you sure?
Oh, I'm definitely sure.
Dude, really?
What's on your mind?
Who is this?
What's up, guys?
This is excellent.
This is excellent.
Hey, X-Link, what's on your mind?
Nothing much, man.
Just getting ready to shoot myself in the head with DS, calling every... Oh, I'm not
going to get to it, seriously.
Hey, X-Link.
Just thinking about this.
It's the show where every gamer has a voice.
No, it's going to be soon.
It's going to be called.
The next time you go in a while, I'm going to put a hit on you with every single Horde
member going after you for surprise money for putting DS Master on the line.
It's going to be like an episode of the Guild, which, by the way, tangent, I watched the
entirety of season one and two of the Guild last night with Alan, because everything was
packed except for the computer, because if you're a nerd, the computer's the last thing
you pack.
So all I had was instant Netflix, because the PS3 was packed, all the DVDs were packed.
So we decided to watch instant Netflix.
I don't know if you know, but the Guild is now available seasons one and two on Netflix,
and you just kind of reminded me of one of the episodes where one of the guildies is
kind of leading a secret double life to make one of the other Guild members that she's
mad at make his life hell.
I don't know.
What did you think of the Guild?
Oh, I loved it.
I loved that show.
Oh, you've seen it, X-Link?
I'm sorry?
You've seen it, X-Link?
Oh, yes.
Yes, definitely.
Yeah.
I've seen both seasons.
Yes.
It's a little bit over the top for me.
Like, some of it's just, like, a little too out there, but, you know, for nerd lols, it's
pretty good.
What did you think, Alan?
You watched it too with me.
Did you like it, or was it a little like-
Yeah, it was good.
I've been on WoW for about two or three months, so I get all the jokes now.
Oh, there you go.
All right, what did you really call in to talk about tonight?
No, I was calling about Ubisoft and what bastardization they're doing with the whole DRM and stuff.
You know, like I said before, and besides the Imagination series and stuff like that,
don't forget they also did, like, the CSI series.
They were also part of, you know, the Press Your Luck, which, oh, yeah, thanks Ubisoft.
Now I can't now play any of those cool game show games.
You just hit a whammy.
Congrats.
Yeah.
So now you're going to stop me from playing Addis as well.
And my mom, because my mom likes a series of games, so you're going to make her stop
because she doesn't have an internet connection in her place, so.
Bravo on that, I know there's going to be a patch and there's going to be ways of getting
around it, so I'm not the least bit worried, but still, I mean, it's just the fact that
it's going to be a headache just before all that, you know?
And like you said before, it's going to be a headache.
You're going to have all these people who doesn't know all these different ways around
it.
They're going to sit here and they're going to yeah, they're going to flood the support
lines because of all this, you know.
And you can't take a PC game back to the store, so best of luck on that.
Nope.
So, I...
I do...
Do you think, though, that it's gonna work?
I mean, don't you think it's just gonna get cracked within a couple days?
I mean...
Yeah, it will get cracked, but you gotta realize, too, a lot of people don't know this difference
of what we do.
And a lot of the people, I'm gonna feel bad for because they're gonna buy the game.
They're gonna open it up.
They're gonna put it in.
They're not realizing this is gonna happen.
And once they realize it's gonna happen, they're gonna try to take it back to the store and
they're gonna be like...
The store's gonna be like, sorry, that's tough.
You should have known that beforehand.
I think you and I are on the same page there.
You don't wanna debate me like the last caller did.
That's...
Nah.
Yeah.
Boring.
I know.
All right.
Well, what else is...
Sorry.
Anything else on your mind tonight, X-Link, before I let you go?
No, that was pretty much about it.
I just thought it was kind of interesting when I was hearing about all that, you know.
You know, there's more games than just the Imagination series and...
You know, with all these things we're seeing, you know, with... between the Ubisoft news
and then we're talking about the whole... what was it?
SOCOM or whatever that game is on PSP that's gonna have the multiplayer's gonna charge
if you didn't buy it new.
You're gonna see all these inventive things.
It's just... it's not even the beginning of the end.
Not even.
And the interesting thing about that would be that also is I would love to see the responses
from people from eBay that don't know about it.
They buy the game you use for their son or something and then they figure out, you know,
the son wants to play multiplayer and figure out they have to charge another $20 for it
to get the multiplayer.
Yeah.
That's gonna be interesting to see the results on that.
So...
That's gonna be interesting as in about like a 20 car pile up on the side of the road.
Alright, X-Link.
Gotta let you go, buddy.
Have a good one.
No problem.
You too.
Bye.
We just have call after call tonight.
Let's go to another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, folks.
It's SSJ100 Matt.
Hi, SSJ100 Matt.
What's on your mind tonight?
Not much.
Definitely not Halo Reach.
But by the way, Zaku... keyboard Zaku cats are better.
Oh, I see.
When it talks about keyboard cat and dog cat, Zaku cat wins.
That's fair.
Did you say dog cat?
Did I say dog cat?
I probably did.
You said dog cat?
I probably did say dog cat.
Well, you know, SSJ100 Matt now is gonna make me think of the whole shark and octopus videos
with all the YouTubes he was linking tonight, which were A-plus videos, by the way.
When you can get videos to get a laugh on a radio show, you've done a good job.
Yeah.
So...
Actually, the one thing I did want to talk about is, that will actually get us to debate.
You know, I'm talking about the... the USL madness going on in the forums.
Uh-huh, yes.
We played a little promo from Bresloh a little earlier.
What do you think about what's going on there?
Well, I'm just...
I'm just kind of amazed at just the amount of, like, hate that's going on in there.
Like, right now, Pokemon is beating Final Fantasy VII nine votes to four.
Mm-hmm.
Now, my question is, are a lot of people just voting against Final Fantasy VII because they
just hate the fact that it's overhyped or...
I don't know.
I think there's, like, a large generation of, like, modern fans that really just do
not like Final Fantasy VII.
I think it's a little bit of both.
I think you have some genuine Pokemon fans, but I think some of that is anti-Final Fantasy
VII votes, too.
I think, like, any great political race, there's something like that going on there.
I wish there was more of a sampling of our audience voting in those polls, but what can
you do?
Yeah.
I mean, obviously, you know, we got Symphony of the Night losing to Legend of Zelda, which,
you know, that's a good matchup, so...
Yeah, you know, I can't get mad about that.
To be honest, I can't get mad about the Pokemon one, too.
I realize Pokemon has its rabid fanbase.
I mean, the anime is still going, and it's been going for, what, like, at least, like,
ten years now?
I mean, the anime is just not losing steam, and I get it.
You know, I don't...
Like, if it was losing to a game like, I don't know, Blades of Steel...
Hey, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, hold on there.
Hold on there.
Listen here.
Okay.
I just wanted to start something.
Yeah.
But, um, no, I mean, my point is, you know, if you genuinely like Pokemon and think it's
a better game, then I'm cool with that, but, you know, if you just, like, if you're boning
against a game that, you know, just because it's overhyped or everyone likes it, you know,
like you said, haters to the left.
Yes, exactly.
Haters gonna hate.
You know, I'm okay with Final Fantasy VII taking a step back.
I mean, it's what?
We're down to, what, 32 games, so if it doesn't make the top 16, oh, well, it probably wouldn't
be in my top 16, either.
There's other Final Fantasy games I think were better than VII.
I love Final Fantasy VI, I love Final Fantasy IV, I would place both those games, and I
think VI is still in it, so, you know, I'm okay that if VII's out this round and one
of the other Final Fantasy games continues, but what's weird about the whole setup of
the way, and it's just, I guess, the way the cards fell, and I know Jon has this very specific
way of seeding everything in the match, but it's really weird how, like, three Mario games
and, like, three Zelda games are likely to take up the top 32.
It's-
Then again, you know, maybe Zelda and Mario shouldn't be so good.
I know, I know they're good games, I get it, but it's just weird, and I think maybe I'm
saying that because some of the games got grouped as series and some didn't, but I'm
sure it had a lot to do with how people's lists were, like, I know, like, if you even
look at my list, I probably did have two different Zelda games on it and two different Mario
games on it.
So, they are really good series, but it's just interesting that we're down to, like,
you know, we're gonna be down to 16 and, like, half of that is gonna be Zelda and Mario.
Hey, you know, listen, I put Blades of Steel as number one.
I know you do.
Kinda jokingly, but, you know, I, if you saw, you know, I wrote a ridiculous manifesto,
just jokingly, but, you know.
No, I know, and Blades of Steel was a great game.
You know what?
I don't play a lot of sports games.
I really don't, but I owned Blades of Steel on the NES.
That's how good it was.
It was a great game.
Exactly.
And it had Groddies.
Only sports games I've ever known.
Groddies minigame.
So, we're gonna wrap things up.
But thanks so much for your call.
Yup.
Take it easy.
Have a good one.
All right.
Apologies to those that didn't get through tonight.
We took, like, four calls tonight.
Usually, when I take three, so, uh, send us an email if you didn't get through or a tweet.
We always appreciate those and, uh, we'll talk to you guys, hopefully, next time on
Orange Lounge Radio, but many, many different ways to interact with the show.
Chat room, Twitter, all that good stuff.
I'm glad, I think all the calls we got tonight were people that weren't on last week, so
it's good to kind of, or maybe Zaku was, I don't know, but it's good to kind of spread
the love a little bit.
So.
All right.
Um, we're gonna go around and, uh, kind of start to wrap up the show, but first we gotta
make sure all of our last minute stories are cleared out.
Uh, anything else you guys want to bring up tonight, Loki?
Dark Sakura?
I like chocolate.
That's not a news breaking story.
There's a few things, uh, from, um, AOU 2010, uh, the Arcade Expo that's in, uh, Japan.
They're showing off some of the new things including Sega is bringing, uh, Project Diva
to the arcades.
Yay!
Um, rhythm music game kind of looks a little bit like a cross between, um, I don't know,
something like maybe like a per-appetite game with, um, oh wow, that Namco singing game.
I don't know.
Basically, it's just, you know, like a music rhythm game with, uh, chicks singing stuff.
Um, it looks neat.
It's got these, um, not really popping music buttons, but it's basically got four buttons
that kind of match the, uh, PlayStation face buttons.
So that's kind of neat.
And that'll become an arcades imagined pretty soon.
Uh, another one that they showed off that was actually really huge, um, was Metal Gear
Arcade.
With, talk about one hell of a complex cabinet.
Oh yeah, I've heard about this.
It's got, like, these 3D glasses, head tracking, um, built into those, like, it's like a goggle
type thing.
Um, you have a gun that you use and just talk about, well, that's just begging to get broken.
Yeah, talk about details.
So that's kind of cool.
Um, I don't know when that's going to be coming out.
Uh, then we were talking, there's, uh, apparently there was some concern because of the rumors
that Final Fantasy XIV is coming out this year, that Final Fantasy XI will be going
by the wayside, um, with the release of that.
Is that for real?
Because I, I did remember before I had no internet after the move, I remember reading
that story and I was like, there's no official word from Square Enix, this seems like a rumor
run wild.
It just, uh, well, that's the thing, it's, it's not, it's not going to be going by the
wayside.
Oh, thank God.
Uh, Wada, uh, tweeted, uh, there seems to be a rumor that Final Fantasy XI is ending,
but if that was done, we're, uh, we'd be in trouble.
Um.
Well, if it's on Twitter, then you know it's true.
If it's coming from, you know, uh, Yoji Wada.
In this case, if it's coming from a verified dude's account, I think there's really no
dispute in that, I guess.
Yoji Wada.
Um, so I guess, no, they can't shut down 11 right now just to make room for 14 EverQuest
one and two ran at the same time and you know, all these other ones that have sequels, city
heroes and villains are running at the same time.
You know, one's not going to close because the other is out.
Might there be server consolidations because there's going to be a, yeah, that could happen
and probably will happen.
I bet 11 has a server consolidation by the end of the year, but it's not going to close.
Not going to close.
Um, and then the last thing, um, you remember, uh, that we mentioned that Perfect Dark would
be coming to Xbox Live Arcade during March.
Well with that will be the GoldenEye 007 maps from, um, the game on Nintendo 64.
Those will be also coming to Perfect Dark as well as possibly the weapons.
Sneaky, sneaky, sneaky way to get GoldenEye content on the Xbox without having to do all
the licenses.
There you go.
I like the way they think.
Next best thing.
Good job.
That's it.
All right.
Well, if that does it for a last minute stories, then it's the part of the show.
We're going to go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
So Alan, we'll start with you.
Thank you so much for coming and being on the show tonight.
I know you didn't get to say a whole lot, but I hope you had fun sitting in here and
sitting in.
Thanks for having me.
No problem.
Come again sometime and, and, and don't be afraid to speak your mind.
It's where every gamer has a voice, Alan, even yours.
So do you have a final thought for our listeners tonight?
My cat's breath smells like cat food.
Okay.
Yeah.
Uh, Loki, your final thought tonight?
Uh, my final thought is I get to take off work tomorrow cause I am sick.
My final thought is looking at the Dragon Quest slime on Dan's desk kind of makes me
want to play Dragon Quest eight.
I don't know why, but it was kind of cool.
Dark Sakura, your final thought.
I'm totally addicted to this, uh, Sailor Senshi doll maker.
You are the reason Ubisoft has a market for those designer dress games.
No, I'm kidding.
Uh, probably you're right.
Actually, I'm kind of jealous watching you play.
No, thanks a lot of course for tuning into our show and supporting and downloading and
listening to independent radio.
We really appreciate it.
We do this show for free.
All we ask if you enjoyed what you heard, tell a friend about the show, help spread
the word about orange lounge radio.
We really appreciate it.
And you know what, you know what else helps leaving reviews on iTunes or links.
Some of you plug us in like forum signatures and stuff, even if it's like a little banner
that's like, I listen to LR.
We think that kind of stuff is really cool and really makes the, this whole thing worth
it.
So, uh, uh, even when it's an off night like tonight, but you know what, the whole chat
room seems to be into it.
So Hey, good times.
Uh, thank you guys.
We really appreciate the support and we'll be back to do it all again next week.
What do you guys think?
Why not?
Why not?
So for myself, Alan, Loki, Jamie and Shermy, good night.
You've been listening to orange lounge radio.
Orange lounge radio is an orange lounge production to join us for a live show.
Visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific time, the views and opinions expressed
on orange lounge radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of orange
lounge radio or all games.com, but we're probably right anyway.
See you next week.
