Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Labor Day weekend is over and during the break, Nintendo revealed its brand new 3DS via Nintendo Direct. At least they didn't call it the 3DS You or Me. And that's just one headline from another BusyCon weekend. Stay tuned for more, including your comments, calls, and emails on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio for this episode number 566, September the 7th of 2014. My gosh, we're already in September. The year's gonna be done before we know it.
Here comes the holiday season of gaming with the Destiny release this week and oh my gosh, it's gonna be a busy few months. Thanks for joining us for it to talk about all things video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts here with you over the next few hours and in studio joining me as always are my incredible co-hosts. Say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
Hi, welcome back.
You too. Welcome back to your house.
Thank you. Yes. Well, I wasn't here last week. I was, I was in it. Where was I?
I wasn't here either.
Where was I? Because I, you know, I had that moment, you know, I don't know if you guys do this. Let me say, let me also just go ahead and introduce Techmaster Loki here tonight as well.
Hi.
So I can ask a question of all of you. I don't know if you do this because whenever I have a week that we don't have a show, I kind of find myself sitting somewhere going and then I notice I look at my clock or look at my watch and it's six o'clock or in the case of being at Dragon Con, it's nine o'clock Eastern.
And I'm looking going, I should be setting up for, I should be on the call with Bobby right now and we should be doing OLR, but I'm not. Do you do that too? Or is that just me who's kind of like, I should be doing this, but I'm not.
I had a moment of wondering what to do with my time.
Yeah.
And then Dan and I decided that it was the day before our anniversary, so we would watch Divergent, which the book was better, of course.
Of course.
The movie wasn't bad. It was just very, you know, teen angsty. It felt teen angsty. You're watching it on the screen as opposed to reading the book.
I could have watched that on the flight, but they wanted six bucks. No, thank you. Was Divergent worth six bucks?
It was worth six bucks.
Oh well.
But.
I watched four hours of Shark Tank instead.
Dan got me a bottle of Hypnotic for our anniversary and I drank a lot of it.
Awesome. Yes, Loki?
I was going to say, yeah, I wouldn't pay six dollars for that either.
Oh, did you see Divergent?
No.
What did you do with the week off?
I think I watched the kids.
You've had two weeks off, actually, because I know you had family obligations a couple of weeks ago.
Yeah, and I watched the kids again.
Yeah.
That's pretty much all we did.
Do you remember how to do a radio show?
What did you watch them do?
Of course I do.
It's like sitting here going, Hannah, I hate this. This is so boring.
What did you watch them do? What do children do in the wild?
Well, I remember Winston's actually scooting around now, so I'm watching him not, or at least trying not to get him to chew on, you know, computer cords and stuff like that.
I told you toddlers are cats.
He wants to put everything in his mouth, so he wants to put, like, if it's something on the floor, he's going to grab it and taste it, because that's what toddlers do.
They taste everything.
Same like with dogs. Dogs taste everything, too.
And cats.
So I remember what I was doing a week ago at nine o'clock Eastern.
So we had just finished presenting at the Parsec Awards, which is, that was a great honor, we got to present.
And someone got to sit by Felicia Day, and I'm jealous.
It wasn't me. Is that that picture of Brad?
That's from a few years ago. Sadly, Brad wasn't there this year.
But I would have only wanted to be there to see Felicia Day.
I don't think she was there this year.
There was no reason for me to be there.
That's not true, because there was a lot of things that Dark Soccer would have fun with.
I don't know, there were other Buffy celebrities there, like Emma Caulfield.
There was a cast of Mythbusters there.
The cast of Mythbusters was there, including some of the guys that are no longer on the cast of Mythbusters.
Anyway, so we just finished presenting at the Parsecs, which was awesome, because I got to literally brush elbows with Lord British.
Who, if you don't know who he is, I didn't really get a chance to meet him.
I had a great admiration for him prior to the stupid Ready Player One contest.
I still, in spite of, everybody has their hit and misses.
Look, we've had bad episodes of OLR, and people forgive us for that.
So we can forgive him for a bad face.
No, I can't.
I need to air my grievances with him, and then we'll be done.
He's the creator of Ultima, for God's sake.
Ultima's won through Ultima Online, which is like an epic, epic MMO.
Something I would have rather played instead of this fucking stupid garage sale collector game thing that I was forced to play.
If it was like, hey, let's play some Ultima Online, I'd be like, fuck yeah, that's awesome.
But no, it was garage sale, the game, I don't know.
Were you going to say it, Arsyra?
I was just reading what Bobby said in chat.
He said, I shook his hand because I made a joke about him and he liked it.
He actually wanted to shake my hand.
That's right, Lord British wanted to meet me.
That comment from our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com, because we do tape live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
Although-
Apparently he's a giant effing celeb.
I've got to say, because I saw, I don't remember what it was, some documentary or something, his house is fucking awesome.
Okay, so I went to the Lord British panel at Dragon Con where we got to hear, oh, this was awesome, the confirmation that yes, the evil spheres in Ultima 7 were based off the Electronic Arts logo at the time.
And EA knew that, which they were ECA back in the day.
If you go back and look at your kind of computing history, they actually used to be like a cube and if you see their old logo.
So yes, EA knew that when they bought Origin and Lord British was basically talking about like, you know, I kind of had to sell Origin because we were getting bumped off the shelves for these other bigger distributors.
We had to merge with somebody else to get the shelf space basically.
But then he talked a lot about his house, which sounds amazing.
And I didn't realize he was super into geocaching, but apparently he set up this geocache at his house that you have to actually like go through a forest and answer riddles to open doors.
Like it's just like, what an egomaniac, but I love him for it.
But then you talked about when his house got broken into by some crazy guy and how he protected himself with the secret passageways in the house.
Like it's just like, this is crazy. I love listening to him talk. I wanted to stay longer.
He went longer than the hour that was allotted to him, but unfortunately he was right before the VOG Network presents panel over the podcasting track.
So I had to leave to get to the other panel, but I want to invite him on OLR sometime.
I don't know if he would ever come on a little piddly show like this, but I'll give him three hours to talk and it would be it would be amazing.
I think we all could listen to Lord British for three hours. He's an amazing guy.
So anyway, quickly, let me also just kind of wrap up Dragon Con real quick.
There's not a lot of gaming content at Dragon Con because it is more of a geek convention.
So since it is the voice of geeks network here, we kind of dabble in all that stuff.
You know, Dragon Con is a great fit for us.
But as far as gaming content, like we didn't really get any game announcements or anything like that.
You know, that's all happening at PAX, which we'll get into a little bit on in the show.
But, you know, did see some good gaming fandom and, you know, saw like the Darkmoon Faire party for World of Warcraft.
I saw an EverQuest landmark panel where we really didn't learn anything about the game.
But those that were into the game sure seemed to enjoy it. So, you know, props to them.
And there was a few things here and there. Like, you know, again, the Lord British panel was a personal favorite of mine.
But I did want to say a big, big thank you to those that came out to see some of the things we did on the podcasting track.
Some of you guys actually got up early Monday morning to come see that participating not just listening panel, which was a lot of fun.
And I just want to thank you guys for, you know, coming up and introducing yourselves, saying hello, and being there. It was great.
And I'm trying to work on Dark Soccer and Loki, guys, someday. But we might have to wait for Loki's kids to turn 18.
Someday. Someday we'll get you all to Dragon Con. Had a good time.
The one I'm really working on for next year is Grandpa from Hoard House and who also hosts the Starboard power coupling.
Because I'm like, Grandpa, this year the Trek track hosted a dilithium crystal ball.
You don't want to go to the dilithium crystal ball, Grandpa. So I think I'm working on him for next year. We might be able to make that happen.
So, yeah. So thanks to everybody that showed up at Dragon Con and I'll see you guys in 2015.
And big shout-outs to Travis, obviously, who I spent a big chunk of the weekend with.
And Brian from British Invaders, who I got to meet for the first time.
All the guys from Critical Myth met each other for the first time at Dragon Con.
So it was amazing, in person, meaning. So it was amazing to kind of get to witness that.
And just everybody, all the VOG and non-VOG and people on the podcast track.
Just thank you, thank you. I had an amazing convention and can't wait until next year.
I was promised exclusive loot for registering my participation for listening to that panel.
And I'm checking my account. I just don't have any.
I think he's going to retcon it in. I think he was in a hurry to get that podcast up.
I'm just giving him crap.
I know, I know. It's always fun to give Bobby Black Wolf crap. It's even more fun to give it to him in person.
So there you go.
Let's see, look at our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com.
Tigerclaw asks, did Lord British talk about the time he went to space?
Actually, that didn't really come up. That topic did. I mean, he had talked about putting a geocache or what do they call them?
The treasures or whatever. He did put one on the International Space Station.
And it has been checked more times than the one he put at the bottom of the ocean.
Like, I remember that that that whole topic had come up, but he didn't talk really explicitly about his travels.
A lot of it was focused on like the making of Ultima one and two and then kind of talking about the house.
So, you know, there's there was a lot.
That's what I did like during my two weeks that I was on the show is like I was watching a lot of these postmortem things that they have.
Like, like Gamasutra has like links to the GDC stuff, the postmortems where they talk about, you know,
its developers talking about the creations of the games and all the like thought processes and stuff and, you know, trouble and stuff that they did.
You know, putting these things out like Maniac Mansion and what other ones that I watch. I watched a bunch of them.
Great shit. I love watching that stuff. It's very fascinating. That would have been I bet they've got one for Ultima on there somewhere, but good stuff.
Yeah. Speaking of postmortems, something I did get to do at Dragon Con this year that I didn't do last year is I actually got to go to the very last podcasting panel where they have like the wrap up.
Like, you know, in every track at Dragon Con has this, whether you're doing, you know, Tolkien track or, you know, video game track or whatever, they always do like a wrap up panel at the very end.
So I actually went to the one for podcasting and it was, it was really great, informal, got to meet a lot of other people that do podcasts of all shapes and sizes.
And I just got to say, I walked out of that very motivated, which is always a really good feeling. So don't be surprised if you see me taking on more projects.
Just what I need to be doing more projects in podcasting. What? What? What? What?
I think you and I should do a new project.
Now is a great time to pitch me new projects. I'm just saying.
I have ideas.
Yes. All right. Ideas, you has them. All right. We'll talk on air about that.
I have evil ideas.
Or off air about that.
Evil ideas.
Well, I have been playing a lot of Diablo, but we'll get into our gaming weeks in a minute.
One thing I wanted to talk about for a kickoff topic here, not just Dragon Con, but this week, you know, we're coming up on September 9th, which is nine nine, right?
And already going to be a big day. We know Destiny's coming out that day.
Apple's going to announce inevitably a new iPhone, possibly a new watch is the rumors and what have you.
So we'll see. We'll see. So that's all possibly have a nine nine. But you know what?
Screw both those things because nine nine twenty fourteen also marks the fifteenth birthday birthday of the Sega Dreamcast launching in the United States.
That's right. Nine nine ninety nine was the day for the Sega Dreamcast.
I remember sitting on my butt reading a five dollar book I picked up at Barnes and Noble.
Well, perfect. I wanted to reminisce a little bit here.
One thing, my friend Melissa, who is getting married in two months.
Oh, so you guys you guys camped out for the Dreamcast.
We did.
What did you get? What did you pick up at launch for Dreamcast?
Do you remember?
What didn't we get?
Well, we we got, you know, all the crazy taxi and what else didn't come with Sonic Adventure, did it?
I don't remember because I know we had it.
I don't know. Well, did they not? I don't know if it came with games, did it?
Because they have like a base system then because I know the one I got didn't have any games.
And we got like a couple other things. But keep in mind, we already had a Dreamcast and a bunch of games.
So we didn't really feel the need to buy more games, except we wanted to hear the English cast of Sonic Adventure.
Right. So I was going through a little bit of a rough patch in ninety nine.
So I was kind of I kind of wasn't gaming a lot.
Probably the period between like ninety nine and about two thousand two thousand one right before our started and I got into DDR and all that.
I kind of wasn't gaming as much. So I didn't pick up the Dreamcast when it first came out.
I bought the Dreamcast when it was on sale for forty dollars.
Like I think Game Stops really were selling them for like forty dollars used or something.
So I remember picking up a Dreamcast and I played the ever living crap at a fantasy star online, which probably leads into my addiction to various online games and other MMOs today.
I mean, fantasy star online really set the stage for a lot of that.
And so it's kind of ironic that Destiny comes out this week, which I compared to PSO in some ways, in some ways on a previous show.
So it's kind of fun to see that come full circle.
But it should be stated, it is not the 15th birthday of the Dreamcast period because it was out in Japan for darn near a whole year before it was out here.
Right. Like they had it for a while.
I think it came out in, I want to say like January or February because I had one for my, we had one when I got DDR second mix for my birthday.
I was doing, that wasn't the system that they launched. No, that was the Saturn that they did that where it's like, it's out now, you know, that type of thing.
Yeah. I want to say I was doing research earlier when I did the Fugu question, which is about this topic as well tonight.
And it was November of 98, but that probably, you probably just took a couple months for you to get on board and get one.
I won mine.
Huh?
I won mine.
You won yours. How'd you win your Dreamcast?
I went to Accuse Our All-Nighter and won it in a raffle because I didn't even want one.
I didn't want to, you know, that system because I was like, I don't want it.
And then I got him like, sweet.
That's awesome.
I'm like, well, at least I'm not going to pay for it, but I'm going to buy games for this now.
So what did you end up getting for?
I got, I don't remember, see, I don't remember what year I got it because it wasn't 99.
I'm pretty sure. I think it was like 2000, 2001.
And it was, I got Power Stone.
I was going to say, you strike me as the type that would have played a shit ton of Power Stone.
We did because I played a shit ton of Power Stone in the arcade.
So yes, I had to get Power Stone and I got Tony Hawk Pro Skater and I think I had Crazy Taxi.
I know I had Fancy Star Online and what else did I have?
Did you get Quake 3?
No, no.
Dancing was Quake 3 for the longest time and we were so pissed that we couldn't use our, we got the Ethernet adapter.
We couldn't play PSO on it.
Very, very, very irritated me.
I think I only played PSO online once because I only had the modem for it.
So, I don't know, it was okay.
I didn't do a lot of online playing on that until the Xbox.
And then, what other game did I get? I got something else too.
Because I still have all the same games.
Like that initial first batch of games I bought was it.
And then I never bought any more games for it.
I remember getting really excited when we picked up Grandia 2 because I had already been playing my friends Japanese version.
And my save file worked.
From a Japanese game.
And Power Stone was one of the other games that did that.
Power Stone's awesome. I should have gotten Power Stone 2 but I never did.
Aw, it was fun.
I have it on my arcade cabinet.
My other favorite thing to do on the Dreamcast, even though I realize y'all this is of a questionable legality.
But I've supported the crap out of Virtual Console and the like ever since.
But burning CDs full of emulators and ROMs.
Sorry, not sorry. That was a lot of fun.
Remember the Para Para thing?
Oh my god, that thing was horrible.
The purple biscuits?
Green biscuits.
It's green because you know how I know it's green?
Because I fucking have it.
I have it. It's in my closet.
No, it was another knockoff that had the purple ones.
Or maybe it was just the controller or something.
Let me ask this question because I want to get to the new news, not just reminiscing.
But let me ask one more question about the Dreamcast and I'll read some comments from chat.
I want to know your guys' thoughts on this too over at live.vognetwork.com.
Why do we remember the Dreamcast so fondly when it didn't really do so well?
I mean, it kind of failed as a system, I hate to say it, but it didn't.
But why do we remember something so fondly that didn't really do so well?
I think for me it's a lot of it kind of brings it back to how the early consoles were
and the early home video game consoles where they were basically
hey, we're going to take all these cool arcade games and port them to console.
And so with the Dreamcast you had a lot of that.
Like with Power Stone and all the different Sega games that they had.
A lot of the CPS2 games as well.
Yeah, those were all in there.
And just a lot like Ikaruga, like all these big shmups and stuff.
And plus, I think the other thing, the reason I think so fondly of it is it supported so long.
There's still people making games out there for it right now.
And it was maybe because it was so easy to pirate for,
it allowed you to expose yourself to a lot of things that you might not have been able to play otherwise.
I think it's the pirating thing that might have led to the big factor in this downfall,
though I don't really think so much as marketing.
Because our marketing in the US was really clever.
Yeah.
I would say I think the PlayStation 2 was able to really kind of kick it in the butt.
With the mere fact that the PlayStation 2 played, and I realize it was a couple years later,
but the PlayStation 2 played DVDs.
And that was a huge thing for people.
You know, the fact that it could play DVDs.
A lot of people made the decision, oh, I'll get one of these for the living room.
So the Dreamcast really got a kick in the butt when that happened, I think.
Yeah.
So I think that was a huge factor.
But it still surprises me that it didn't somehow pull it out.
I kind of wish that someday that Sega would go back to manufacturing consoles.
Right?
Because fuck, man, the games that they're putting out just alone, you know, just the Sonic games,
it's just kind of crap.
I wish they would just go back and recapture the magic that they used to have.
Dungeon Buster in our chat over at live.vogniteware.com says,
It came at a weird time in gaming for me, though.
PC gaming was strong and the PlayStation was dominating the charts,
but lots of love for the Sega-specific titles that came out for it.
Tigerclaw says,
Dreamcast also had a built-in modem.
When you dial into your ISP and you download some stuff from a game,
I remember Sonic Adventure has some cosmetic stuff that you can download from it.
Oh, yeah, I remember that because I used to play the hell out of PSO.
Blackwool said,
I had a friend who loved his Dreamcast and pulled out his spindle of burned games to show me how much he loved it
and then sighed and said it's a shame it wasn't a financial success.
Blackwolf also points out PlayStation 2 also had EA exclusives.
So, yeah.
Kaijuto disagrees with me, saying,
No, PlayStation 2 didn't kill the Dreamcast.
The Sega Saturn and the PlayStation 1 killed it.
And, and,
Bleemcast.
Remember?
Bleemcast was kind of awesome.
I do remember that.
That's like, that's unheard of.
Imagine, like, if they had a PlayStation 3 disc or something that let you play Xbox 360 games.
Oh my God.
It would be fucking ridiculous.
Yeah.
That's crazy.
You don't see that kind of shit anymore.
You really don't.
It's amazing, though.
You really don't.
All right, thanks for those comments.
Again, over at live.vognetware.com.
We will get into a little more Dreamcast reminiscing with the FUGL question of the week.
But for now, let's fast-forward to the present.
We have a couple weeks off to catch up on, so let's try to quickly get through.
How is your...
Wait, wait, hold on.
Blackwool says,
Fuck yeah, Qsar.
Top Gun.
You guys have Qsar in Atlanta because seriously, that might help me get out there to Atlanta.
I mean, just saying.
We'll find out.
I didn't even know Qsar still existed.
Oh, we still got one in Concord.
There's still one in Concord.
Still one in Vacaville.
Vacaville one sucks.
But the Concord one apparently is still pretty good.
It's just it's all the way in Concord.
I want to say our pals Spike and Jon over at Game Buoy did a Qsar thing for Spike's birthday or something.
I've played at all of the arenas in this area.
I mean, even like Bascom, which is in San Jose.
That is crap.
But like, man, that's the problem, man.
It's like over an hour away to go play Qsar.
And it's just you go down there and there's no one playing except for like little kids.
That's why I wish they had the arena back in Citrus Heights.
It sucks.
Move to Citrus Heights.
You know, it's like, oh, sweet.
It's like like two minutes away.
I can even play so much Qsar.
And then it closes.
It's so funny, too, that I used to play at that same one all the time.
Yet we didn't know each other at the time.
You probably kicked my ass because I was terrible at Qsar.
Black Wolf in chat says we don't have any Qsars anymore, but there might be one in Atlanta.
Keep in mind, Black Wolf lives in a suburb and says, nope, the last Qsar in Atlanta closed last year.
A lot of them.
All right, let's let's fast forward to the present and talk about what types of games we have been playing this week.
Or the past two weeks.
Dark Sakura, ladies first.
What have you been doing?
How was your gaming week?
I played some Final Fantasy 14.
I actually did that today.
My 3DS has been kind of just being used for puzzles.
What do we do?
Oh, yeah, we were playing Kingdom Hearts.
I guess not really a whole bunch of stuff.
Oh, yeah, I started Another Shepherd on Mass Effect 3.
I might have mentioned that before, but I actually played some more of it.
And some more Sims 2.
That's about it.
I'm not going to get Sims 4 until there's an expansion.
Which there will be thousands of them.
I mean, since all the content's not in the game.
I played nothing, sadly.
Two weeks off I really played nothing.
Dark Sakura?
I did remember something else I played.
Go ahead.
I started Fractal again.
Because that game's awesome.
Okay, I'm done. Sorry.
So nothing for two weeks, Logie?
Yeah, I've been programming.
Are you qualified to talk about video games?
I am.
Oh, you've been programming your own game instead of playing others.
Yeah, that's what I've been doing.
That works.
I got done with my editor thing and then I realized it's not going to work.
Because, yeah.
The way I did it, it was just not going to work at all.
So I had to go completely from scratch and redo it again.
So actually I'm almost done with it again.
Back to where I was.
It's just my complex math equation or whatever to rotate these vectors around a point.
It just didn't work.
I guess the math was wrong or something.
That's what you get for when you copy stuff off the internet without actually knowing how it works.
So I'm actually going to go back and do it the way I was originally going to do it.
And I think that'll work a lot better.
So I have to write that up.
But it's pretty complex and hopefully this way works.
Because if it doesn't work this way, then I have no idea what I'm going to do.
But I think this way should be a lot more efficient.
And then once I get this done, I can start making the game again.
Because it's just like engine, engine, engine, engine, engine stuff.
I want something that I can see.
It's really interesting hearing you go through these growing pains though.
It's going to be fun to go back and listen to old episodes of R.
Well, it's like anytime I try to cut corners, I end up having to do it the right way anyway.
Anytime I try to cut corners, I end up having to go back and redo it.
I rewrote my shader this weekend because it was too complex for what I needed it to do.
And it's like, ooh, I want to put all the bells and whistles in.
I didn't really need it.
For what I'm doing with it, I just stripped out everything I didn't need out of it and redid it.
And so now I have that again.
But, I don't know, it should be...
Because now everything is being procedurally created.
It's almost like I'm making Minecraft in a way.
Because the way you would make a voxel game like Minecraft is pretty much the same way I'm generating the objects that you make in this editor.
Did Loki just claim to be making Minecraft? I think he did.
I'm not making Minecraft. It's just like...
It's because it's similar to the way voxel games work, so it's not exactly the same way.
Some folks in chat are going...
BlackWolf says, Loki's making vaporware.
Act F says, Loki nuke him forever.
SSG100Matt says, I hope he doesn't get burned out.
Dungeon Buster says, half Loki 3.
Okay. It's only been like six months. It hasn't even been that long yet.
But give yourself a break once in a while. Play some games. Get some inspiration.
I'm burnt out at all though. I think it's interesting.
Good. Good.
If it's not fun, then why would you do it?
Exactly. If I don't want to do it, then I won't do it. I'll take a break for a day or something.
Because there's a lot of games I have to play.
If they put out a new expansion in Grand Theft Auto 5 or something, maybe that'd give me an excuse to play some games or something.
Or when Call of Duty Advanced Warfare comes out, I might have to play that for a bit.
Speaking of Grand Theft Auto 5, because it's not on our show roll tonight, what's up with the release date for that?
Did it get bumped again? I thought I heard it was getting bumped.
It hasn't gotten bumped yet.
There was a rumor that one of the versions got bumped, but they're still saying it's fourth quarter.
They'll say it's fourth quarter until it's not fourth quarter.
Right now, they don't have a date nailed down yet, but I wouldn't be surprised if it got bumped.
If anything, just because there's so much stuff coming out in November, the day that it comes out now,
if it came out any day in November, it's going to be really packed.
I don't know. I hope it comes out in November.
It'd give me an excuse to buy a next-gen system, I guess.
I'd need a job for that, though.
Let me talk quickly about my gaming week, because I didn't play a lot a lot.
Obviously, I was away at the convention, but I did play a few things.
On the flight, I played on the PlayStation Vita quite a bit of Dragon's Crown,
which is a game that's on the PlayStation Vita, of course.
It's also on PlayStation 3. It was part of the PlayStation Plus package, I think, last month or the month before.
I finally got around to playing it.
I was pleasantly surprised by how much I enjoyed that game, and I want to continue playing more of it.
I'll probably get it for my PlayStation 3, because that's a game that I would like to play on a bigger screen,
maybe more than the Vita, but for the flight, it worked great.
If you don't know what this game is, it's kind of like a mash-up between something like Golden Axe,
like an arcade game, like Golden Axe type of thing, mixed with an RPG.
You have a town, and you do these quests, and you go out, and you'll go to the field,
and you go a particular path through here.
Yeah, it's neat. I enjoyed that game. It was a great way to kill a little time on the flight.
There was that. I've been playing probably an unhealthy amount of Diablo III.
That's really the one game I've been playing more than anything else.
I've been playing Diablo III on not only PS4, but PC as well.
I'm playing both concurrently, because the PlayStation 4 one obviously just came out last week,
so I wanted to get a character to 70 and get my trophies and all that, right?
So what else happens last week? Well, not only do they release Diablo III on the PlayStation 4,
but they release the 2.1 patch on PC, which is not on consoles.
So if I want to play the newest content, like some of the new maps, and most importantly,
a seasonal character and the seasons that are going on Diablo, I've got to play on PC.
So even though I might have quit World of Warcraft six months ago,
Blizzard sure sucked me back into their universe and playing a lot of their games with Diablo III.
So job well done.
I bet you haven't been playing The Three Vikings.
I have not been playing The Three Vikings, unless they have a cameo that I'm not aware of.
Only in a while.
Only in a while.
So nothing about the new expansion or anything that they've revealed so far,
making you interested in jumping back into WoW again?
I'm going to make this short. I'm actually in the beta for Warlords of Draenor on World of Warcraft,
and I am not enthused about what I'm seeing. I hate to say that.
I hate to say it about a beta, something that's still in progress,
but I'm just not seeing enough to really kind of get me interested in the game again.
When are we going to see an expansion for Final Fantasy XIV?
They're still patching it pretty rarely.
They're talking about the 2.4 patch that's going to actually bring out a new class.
The Rogue and the Ninja are going to be in XIV.
My next class.
That's in a patch, and then the Shiva fight is coming,
and they just confirmed this week that Shiva will have a move where she does a snap,
and all the ice shatters.
And her boobs.
Yes, and boobs.
I thought that was in XIV.
They're trying to put all the primals in XIV. They just did Ramuh in the last patch.
They have Ifrit and Garuda, so now the last one is Shiva.
I did make another character, by the way, so I could have it be solely a ninja.
I'm kind of in a lull on XIV right now. I'm just sucked into Diablo right now more than XIV.
I kind of log into XIV, and I'm like, I don't really want to craft.
But I know Alan's really enjoying it. Alan plays XIV all the time.
That's it, Rob. We make noobs together.
We'll see. I'll just make a noob in Diablo.
You make a noob in XIV, and I'll make a noob in Diablo on PC.
We have to livestream it.
Yes.
Now I'm down.
That's our new project.
If we're doing Diablo, we're going to do a hardcore.
Because more people will watch if it's hardcore, because they're all waiting for the moment you die.
Because you know, in hardcore, once you die, you die. It's done. Game over.
Literally game over, start from the beginning.
Yeah, right?
Doesn't that sound like fun, Jamie?
No.
That might be fun.
That sounds like piss.
I don't know if my PC would be able to run Diablo.
By the way, I apologize to any of my coworkers who are listening to this for the first time.
You told your folks over at the land of cubes and tech.
Locat.
A couple.
Shout out.
Trusted people.
Where else was I? I was going to say...
Oh, one other thing I checked out briefly this week.
Minecraft on the PlayStation 4 came out this week.
And so I downloaded that and checked it out.
I only played about 30 minutes, but it is the same thing I played on 360.
Just was slightly crisper graphics, which I know is ironic because it's Minecraft and the graphics aren't exactly at selling point.
I wanted to know since, you know, because this is not this week, but it was last week since I'm assuming you got a chance to check out some more stuff on the DK2 on the Oculus.
I did. Thank you for bringing it up.
Yes, Bobby was good enough to bring his Oculus to Dragon Con.
And so I did play the DevKit 2 and the game I actually played was Vanguard V, which you've talked about previously on the show.
So I didn't know really anything about this game.
I don't really own an Oculus.
I don't follow it nearly as much as Bobby does.
But every time he said, here, put this on and I'm going to press a few buttons and you're going to play a game.
Every time he's done that, I've really enjoyed the experience.
So I'm eagerly awaiting the consumer level.
Because you have to remember, Oculus is not really for consumers right now, but it'll get there.
Just like Project Morpheus is going to get there at some point, right?
So I played Vanguard V, which is a game you can control completely with your head.
And it plays a lot like Rez.
Like imagine you're playing Rez.
That's what it felt like to me.
Imagine you're playing Rez, but it's where you look that fires the little red kill.
That fires the bullets and everything.
It was actually really fun.
And the music is really good because I think it was Vert.
One of those big Chiptune guys does it, yeah.
So the music was really good too.
The stuff that they have for the title theme, I've been playing that in my car for weeks now.
But it's just so unlike him.
It's like an orchestral space opera track.
It's just fucking amazing.
But yeah, he does music in the game.
And actually they're kind of doing the external crowdfunding now.
They have their own Vanguard V website now you can go to.
Which I didn't, just to clarify, the full game is not out.
I played, I think it's like the first level as a Kickstarter thing.
Yeah, the Kickstarter demo.
But it was enough of a taste of the game for me.
Where I was like, alright, if I could buy one of these devices for $250,
although I imagine it's going to be more like $300 probably,
I'd be into a game like this.
I like that it was third person, but the way that they justified that is the queue or whatever that follows.
It's like Rez.
It's very similar to that.
It didn't take me out of the element at all.
I definitely had that moment when I kind of took the thing off and I'm like, whoa.
Cool stuff.
Yeah, I had a good time with that.
Let's see, looking at our chat room over at live.vognetware.com,
Rama says, what's Project Morpheus?
Did I call it the wrong thing or is he just being silly?
Yeah, I think he's just being silly.
Oh, Act F says, to be fair, the only demo is 83.
Oh, I see, because hardly anybody's been able to touch one of those things because it's only 83.
And for the record, that game, Vanguard V, is supposed to be for the Morpheus too.
He's got the dev kit stuff, so when they do get it funded, they're going to be developing it for both platforms.
I did notice too that with this new kit, they have something similar to what Morpheus has with the whole fact that the camera can track your head motions.
And I guess they do something like that now with the new Oculus too that I don't recall being there before.
No, I wasn't there before.
Yeah, so that was, I don't know how it played into the game I was playing, but yeah, so that was a feature.
Alright, so there you go, that was my gaming week. Thank you, Loki, for reminding me of one other game to give a shout out there for Vanguard V.
Let's get into housekeeping. Follow us on Twitter, twitter.com. We're also on Facebook, facebook.com.
Also, be sure to follow us on YouTube, where the show is also posted, for you to listen to our vast archives quickly and easily on a variety of devices, because they got YouTube on everything, right?
So we are YouTube username OrangeLoungeRadio, all one word. Be sure to subscribe there.
And a big shout out to Jason, who runs things over at the YouTube channel and makes sure things get posted in a timely manner.
Although they do intentionally lag one week behind. We do want to push people to the podcast first. That's kind of our bread and butter.
But for those that are interested in checking out old episodes or an archive or going directly to like 1 hour 17 minutes in a previous episode, you know, YouTube is a great way to be able to do that.
Alright, let's get into the news. We're going to start tonight. I'm not going to do last week's news set to Holic, because there's really one big thing that everybody's talking about from last week, and Loki's going to get into that right now.
Yeah, so Nintendo, they announced a brand new 3DS hardware SKU called the New 3DS, because apparently they've fired whoever comes up with clever names for their, you know, hardware.
And this should, no one should be confused what the New 3DS is versus the old 3DS. I mean, I'm sure consumers, especially in, you know, North America and stuff that confuse the Wii and Wii U will have no trouble discerning 3DS and New 3DS.
Yeah. So what is the...
Alright, I have to say this though. Didn't Apple kind of do this, and it was fine for them?
No, I actually bought a new iPad.
I think it's stupid. And I understand that, you know, that they have the new iPad and stuff, but it's just spec-wise it's a little bit different, but...
For...
Plus, for me, on the iPad, the big thing that finally made me buy an iPad when I did was the retina display. Like, the retina display was such a huge jump from the prior iPad for me, and I realize everybody looks for different features, but for me, I was like, okay, I'm going to invest in one of these new iPads now.
So, but the 3DS, this new 3DS, doesn't seem to have that big of a jump.
It does, actually.
Does it really?
Well, here's the thing. It's got quite a few additional features to it. First off, they're going to have both the XL, or LL version that's called in Japan, and the regular 3DS size.
It has different buttons. It's got apparently better 3D, so the way 3D's a little bit better is the camera tracks where your face is and adjusts the 3D projection to hit your eyes so that you're not, like, losing it if you're not straight on with it.
It's got this weird second, like, C-Stick nub thing that's on the right-hand side, so they're comparing it to the C-Stick that was on, like, the GameCube and stuff.
It's got NFC built in. Also, the ZR and ZL buttons that were in that Circle Pad Pro, so I guess with the nub and those extra buttons, it's almost like the Circle Pad Pro's built into it now.
They've got, like I said, the buttons now are colored kind of like how they were on the Famicom, or I should say the Super Famicom.
Better battery. It's compatible with micro SD cards now instead of the standard SD card. You can back up your data wirelessly.
One of the things I think is really cool about it is they've fucking fixed the web browser in it now, so now it supports HTML5, which...
Would they be able to stream this show through that? Are we doing HTML5, or is that, you know, Flash still?
You've got to ask Bobby, because I don't know.
No, we're doing HTML5 so that it can be run on iOS.
Oh yeah, it runs on iOS, so it's HTML5.
So yes, you would be able to listen to our show through the web browser.
Okay, well now I'm a fan.
So I think that's pretty cool. I mean, I'm just glad that they improved the web browser, because I mean, that's pretty sweet.
And of course, the CPU's improved, and now I think it's also got more RAM or something in it.
And you can also clip on different covers for it, so if you want to like, you know, put like a Pokemon cover on it or something, you can do that.
And it'll snap on, and then say later on you decide, oh I want, you know, a Smash Brothers cover, you can snap on a Smash Brothers one.
Here's the problem though. Like with everything, you know, if it was just this cool hardware upgrade and stuff, that would be cool.
But, they're going to make games that only run on the new 3DS, because it's a slightly improved CPU and stuff that these games will not run on the regular 3DS.
So can you imagine, say you're buying, you know, a new game or something, a new Zelda game that runs only on the new 3DS for your 3DS.
You know, I want Zelda for the 3DS, you know, I think that you're going to get confusion again, because it's just, you know, it's not like the iPad, the new iPad, where if I go on, you know, the iOS store, I know all that shit works with my iPad.
You know, whether I have one iPad or the other iPad, it's going to just work.
Technically you could run into issues with things that you use, because at some point you aren't able to use the old iOS systems anymore on old devices.
Very, very early ones are the only ones excluded.
Right. In the iPad world right now, right. But the phones, certainly, I don't think the 3G.
I don't know if you've actually read up on the iOS 8 stuff, the stuff that came out of the developers conference. It's supposed to go, I think, as low as the 4S.
Okay.
And that's, we're looking three years back, four years.
I don't have an iPad touch and they stopped supporting it.
No.
Or iPad touch, I'm sorry.
There's a lot I want to say about this 3DS thing. Okay. A, did they announce this for the US yet? Or were they going off the Japanese announcement?
We're just going off the Japanese announcements right now.
So they could change the name for the US. They could. It could still be a 3DSi or something. They might still change the name here, right?
I don't think that they will.
But you don't know that they won't either.
I would be very surprised if they changed the name. I don't think that they will.
They've never changed system names except for Famicon.
The only difference you're going to see is it's going to be new. The only difference you're going to see is a new 3DS XL and not LL.
The only difference is a descriptive term.
Yep. DS, DS Lite, DSi, 3DS. I mean, they have been naming them differently every time, so I don't see why they wouldn't.
But to be fair, they did it in Japan too.
But I'm talking about from Japan to the US.
Right.
Where there have been very minor changes as far as what comes out of there versus what comes out of here.
Aside from the Famicon and Super Famicon and the Super Nintendo and Nintendo, the only difference we've had naming-wise would probably be the XL and LL. That's really the only differences we've seen.
And now the only game that they've announced so far that will only work on new 3DS that will not work on old 3DS is Xenoblade.
But it's simply a port of the Wii game that Nintendo gimped the sales up from the beginning by only selling it through two retailers, one of them being themselves, right?
Yeah.
And that they waited far too long to release.
So essentially they're giving Xenoblade a second go because they realized they fucked up the first time. My opinion.
But that's the only game. It's a port of a game that's been out for a while. So I'm not convinced I need one still.
This would be great if maybe I didn't have a 3DS yet or I didn't have a 3DS XL or whatever. I would be like, okay, I can get this new one.
But since I just bought that Zelda 3DS XL not that long ago, I'm not really interested in this until maybe they announce a few more of these must-have games that will only work on the new.
Well, I'm trying to understand this. Why the hardware refresh again? I mean, I don't think 3DS sales are tanking. I mean, they're doing really well.
I don't understand why they need to refresh the hardware again.
A lot of handheld companies do it. Apple does it every year. Samsung does it every year. They all do it every year.
I mean, they're definitely not feeling the pressure to compete against Vita. If they were feeling the pressure to compete against Vita, they would probably support Unity or something.
I think they're competing against the iPhone way before they're competing against the Vita.
In my opinion. I don't know. It's just kind of...
Okay, and then here's my tinfoil hat thing. Loki, feel free to shoot a hole through this theory, but it's something I've been stewing on a little bit.
Because I know in prior weeks on this program we had the whole speculation about the trademarks that were filed about the...
And I don't remember what they called it, but it was basically the Nintendo Synergy or something where...
And I don't remember what the hell it was called, but it was basically that they were trying to bring the Wii U and the 3DS more in parity.
Or it was Nintendo's next console maybe, not even just the Wii U, but whatever Nintendo's planning next.
And the 3DS a little bit more in line with each other. That they're trying to maybe develop one game for both things and that whole thing.
Could it be that this new 3DS is being launched with the souped up things and the new buttons because...
Okay, here's Crazy Rob talking. It will function as a Wii U gamepad.
I don't think so.
Why not?
Why not? Because first off, the controls on it aren't going to be close enough to the way they have on the Wii U.
I mean, I guess they could do that.
But I've always been thinking that it's not going to necessarily function as a Wii U gamepad, but that the Wii U would support 3DS titles instead.
That you would see 3DS titles on the Wii U since the gamepad could function as the bottom screen and the TV would function as the top screen.
So I don't know if they're going to do that.
Honestly though, if it can support Wii looking Xenoblade or something like that.
If it can support that, that's kind of a Wii level game.
That's kind of cool if they could...
It is a Wii level game.
Yeah, it is a Wii level game, but I don't know.
It would make more sense if this was along the lines of the Wii or something.
Whether, oh, okay, we're developing a game or making games for both systems.
The handheld doesn't have to process all the data.
It only has to read the feed coming in from the near broadcast field thing that comes in from the Wii U.
It doesn't have to actually process the data.
Well, the NFC stuff is for the fucking Amiibo figures. That's all that's for.
That's not for anything else. That's just that shit.
Okay, looking in our chatroom over at live.vognetware.com, Kazuto says they have a new 3DS because everyone cried for two thumbsticks and more console-like. That's why.
But what games really support that?
Yeah, exactly.
It's not like we have this barrage of...
I don't even know where to get one of those 3DS control pad pros anymore.
Those control pad...
There's Kid Icarus and some Resident Evil games.
Yeah, it was Resident Evil Revelations, Kid Icarus, and Monster Hunter were the only games.
Is Smash Brothers going to use it?
Smash Brothers will use the C-Stick, yes.
Maybe that's why.
Or it can as an option.
Alright.
actdeft agrees with you, Loki. He doesn't think so either as far as what I was suggesting.
But Dark Tetsuya says, I agree with Rob, actually.
So, some folks thinking there might be something there.
Dark Tetsuya says, we won't get the new 3DS until 2015, I heard.
Of course. You're not going to get it this year.
I imagine this is a holiday 2015 thing, maybe?
I don't know if it would be holiday.
That does seem far out, doesn't it?
It could be like March.
It could be March. Maybe just before the end of the financials or something.
I just...
Well, maybe that's why they're doing it, to try and pad the financials a little bit.
I would think that they would need a game that really shows the system off.
Once again, though, I still don't understand.
They're literally throwing out SKUs left and right.
It's like they're just throwing everything out there to see what sticks.
Like, oh, seriously.
They're like, oh, people don't want 3D graphics, so we got the 2DS.
Unless that 2DS was just because, oh, people think they're going to go blind with 3D.
These 3D displays are going to make you go blind or something.
Yes, because the 3D outside of those displays make me go blind, too.
The 2DS was a Pokemon system, plain and simple.
I mean, I still don't understand what the point is, but it's like, okay, we don't want 3D.
We do want 3D.
It's like they have so many SKUs out there now, but at the same time, it's like this isn't the system that needs help.
The Wii U needs help.
Help the Wii U.
3DS is fine.
You're doing great with the 3DS already.
Are they?
I think they are, yes.
I don't think that they're having a problem selling these systems.
There's plenty of games coming out for it.
Most of the publishers out there support the system because it's rocking.
It's just, I don't know, like are they trying to go more hardcore with this?
I mean, they're trying to like get the hardcore crowd.
Are they thinking that's what's happening is that the hardcore crowd's buying Vita's?
Because I can tell you what's happening with the Vita's.
Nobody's buying the Vita's.
You know what's happening with the hardcore crowd?
They have too much time playing hardcore games on consoles and PCs.
That's why they're not buying a 3DS.
That's why I wouldn't buy a 3DS, because I don't have enough time to play a 3DS and console and PC.
I agree to a point that I would rather see a Xenoblade reimagining or reconfiguring on the Wii U,
but then again, there is a game coming from the same developers in 2015, so we know that.
I'm going to our chatroom again at live.vognetwork.com.
Kaijuto says Monster Hunter is a huge game, which I believe was in response to what the other circle pad used for.
It's a huge game in Japan.
Well, but the Japanese market is important, and where has this 3DS only been announced so far? In Japan.
So he could be onto something there, because this is upgrading for a Monster Hunter.
Because the last Monster Hunter game didn't sell systems.
Not here.
No, not here. It did not sell systems.
And any Monster Hunter game that's come out here hasn't really sold systems.
So I just...
I don't think that's really...
I mean, yeah, it's a good game, but it's just not as big over in North America.
It's just, in Japan it does really well.
And it's too bad, because it looks like a fun game.
It's just, you know, it's not something that's super mainstream, I guess.
All right. Well, we could go on and on with this topic.
I'll just quickly say this.
AkumaJP in chat says, not true, Loki.
Vita is not selling well there, because no good game there.
There's a ton of games coming out in Japan.
You know, the Vita, the interesting thing about the Vita...
Didn't he say good games?
Well, I just talked about one that I thought was pretty good at the top of the show, Dragon's Crown.
I thought that was a good game, and it's available on the Vita.
However, it's also available on the PlayStation 3.
And a lot of the Vita stuff is ports of PS3 and 4 stuff.
It's really to have Sony-branded crap with you wherever you go.
It's kind of where the Vita's at right now.
But, to their credit, at least that stuff, the cross saves work just fine, which is fantastic.
And Nintendo, come on, that would be fantastic if you put out Mario Kart 8 on the 3DS and Mario Kart 8 on the Wii U and had the saves go back and forth.
That would be fantastic.
I would love to see something like that, but honestly, I think they're just going to need a new console to come out.
And unfortunately, I don't think that whatever new console does come out is still going to be up to the specs of the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
I just wish that they would put something out that was equal to that.
Then we can start talking about, you know, it wouldn't be so hard developing games for them.
It would be pretty easy to port shit over.
And if they're going to do that, they need to do it soon, because the problem with the Wii U is that, great, you launch something that has Xbox 360 specs a year before you're already dwarfed.
You know what I mean?
So if they're going to bring something out in parity with Xbox One and PlayStation 4, it has to happen sooner rather than later.
Because they wanted to keep the price down because they thought they were going to win on price.
And unfortunately, yeah, you could win on price, but you also have specs of the system from last generation.
And so now, you know, people are just going to buy that system that has a ton of games for it versus your new system that clearly doesn't have a ton of games for it.
All right. Well, good discussion, you guys.
But just in the interest of time and the fact that it's already 7 o'clock, I want to just table the other new 3DS discussion to our mailbag or possibly phone calls later in the show.
Again, you can always email us with your thoughts.
Participate at orangelaungeradio.com.
Meanwhile, I want to move into other news, though, from this week.
Sony did a little press conference over in Japan where they announced some upcoming features for the PlayStation 4.
A PlayStation 4 firmware update 2.0, one of the big things they're going to unveil with that is themes.
So you know how the PlayStation 3 had a theme in the operating system?
Well, now if you are sick of the Sony Blue that is on the PlayStation 4, you can change that to a variety of different themes that will be available.
And I'm sure they'll sell some and some will be free with PlayStation Plus and, you know, so on and so on.
Toro and Kuro were featured, these Japanese characters, a little more famous for PlayStation Japan, were featured in one particular theme that was demoed during the presentation.
So that's pretty cool that that's going to be happening.
I would like to see more of being able to rearrange some of the shit on the crossbar.
Like, I need to be able to arrange my games differently because I have so much crap on PlayStation 4 now thanks to all the PlayStation Plus and the fact that anything you put a disc in for becomes an icon on your bar.
Like, I could scroll to the right forever for things.
Weren't they doing folders or something like that?
If that was announced that I missed it, I would love that, though.
I don't remember if that was a hopeful feature or if that was, I thought, I'm going to check this out.
I thought they had folders coming, like, in an update or something like that.
That would be fantastic.
Oh, that's what it was.
It was a new, it was a PlayStation 4 user interface design. They apparently leaked.
It says users will get folders to organize games and apps.
But I don't remember if that was faked or not. I can't remember if that was the case or if it was real.
But that'd be cool if you had folders.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange on Radio at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase, floor.
Some other big game announcements coming out of this news announcement that Sony did over in Japan.
Disgaea 5 will be hitting the PlayStation 4 in 2015 in Japan.
Again, this isn't confirmed for the US. I would imagine it's likely here, but who knows if that means holiday 2015 or later or who knows what.
So that is pretty cool that that's happening. A lot of people will be throwing printies.
Persona 5 also going to be coming to the PlayStation 4.
Now, Persona 5, I believe, had already been announced for PS3, but they will be bringing a version out on PlayStation 4 as well.
Because PlayStation 4 has been selling pretty well. A lot of people have upgraded. It makes sense for them to release on PlayStation 4.
So Persona fans, I'm sure, are very happy about that.
And Dark Sakura, I know you're a fan of this series. Not everybody has necessarily played these games.
But over in Japan, there will be a new game for the PlayStation 4 and PlayStation Vita in the Ys series.
Ys.
Not to be confused with wise.
Ys.
But a lot of people say wise.
And they're wrong. It's Ys.
So that will be happening. This all, again, coming out of the pre-Tokyo Game Show 2014 press event.
It will be coming out in the 2015 window for PlayStation 4 and PlayStation Vita. Again, that's Japan.
Tokyo Game Shows this week, right?
This week or next week. I don't remember. I thought it was one more week.
I think it's this week.
It could be. Akuma's in chat. He should know.
I'm just curious to see if The Last Guardian's gonna be there.
Ah, don't hold your breath.
It might be this week because I know Square Enix unveiled their lineup for Tokyo Game Show and Final Fantasy XV is not there.
There's supposed to be a Konami panel where they're showing off...
Well, it said more PT stuff, but I don't think they would show that same demo that's been out forever.
I mean, hopefully that means we're gonna see more Silent Hill stuff.
AkumaJP says next week for Tokyo Game Show.
Okay.
So there you go.
Alright, let's move on. Dark Sakura.
Well, we've been focusing on the other two. How about a little bit of attention for Microsoft?
Why not?
Well, they are tweaking the Xbox Live reward program to add some different features.
And one of this right now is ways to earn credits for what you buy or what you've done.
This is for Xbox One and Xbox 360.
They have a star system that will give you rebates on your purchases.
You have to spend a lot of money there to get it to work.
To get one star, you have to spend $150 annually.
And then that gives you a 1% rebate.
And you can get up to 5% through earning stars.
You do this through your Live Gold.
You do this, you know, like I said, through buying stuff.
But Live Gold members will have that doubled.
The typical way, like I said, is making purchases.
There will be different promotions open that, like, you buy certain things.
You get a certain amount of credit.
And then there will also be surveys monthly and referring friends to the program.
Gold members will earn 1,000 credits by just downloading and playing one of the free games with Gold.
Releases for 10 hours. That's an example.
There's a lot of information on it.
Actually, through the Xbox Live rewards website at rewards.xbox.com.
$150 sure seems like a lot to spend in a year.
But at the same time...
In a year? That's three games?
Yeah, that's where I'm having trouble.
I'm sure there's people sitting there going, Rob, you're an idiot.
But it's because I don't buy a lot of my disc-based games, for lack of a better term, digitally.
But I can see where they're trying to give incentive now for people to do that.
Like, the Wii U had done this too with the whole Premium Bundle that they had.
Unless you get a registration code for buying physical copies.
That would be cool, but I wouldn't hold my breath.
And the reason why, and we've talked about this on the show before,
is that you've got to give value to the digital games for the equity you lose in the physical games.
Of being able to sell the game back.
And Steam does this very well by bargain basementing the digital price.
And so they say, hey, it's ten bucks over here.
Exactly, that's my thing.
A lot of these new release games that come out digitally are the same damn price as...
And there's nothing extra with it.
Here's what's... Well, and I know we'll get into it a little later in the show,
but I think Destiny in some ways, and I know we're going to get into it later,
but one thing they're doing with the collector's edition, they're trying to sell that digitally too.
You know, they're really pushing the digital angle.
And I think this is why, is because they're trying...
This is the creative way to get out the resale market.
My problem with digital distribution in general is that, I mean, you think about it this way.
You have very little in the cost of advertising, packaging, shipping.
The companies are saving a lot of money, but they're not cutting the prices on the content.
Exactly.
And I don't even think that adding incentive like this for buying the content at full price is going to be enough.
There has to be another incentive, and that's where Steam is succeeding with that.
Because they are making just enough overhead, I think, that they're turning an okay profit for their end of things.
But they're also, I think, being, they get their revenue in other ways as well.
Packaging though, packaging for games is so damn cheap.
It's not, it's just really cheap.
But it's still money.
It's a couple bucks, but seriously though, like marketing funds, yeah, that's expensive.
They spend several million dollars.
I think it's a hundred million dollars they're spending on just marketing Destiny.
Yeah.
What we heard about that was, it's a half billion dollar game, isn't it?
Probably with marketing, yeah, throwing in there, it's probably, yeah, that's about right.
Yeah, I mean, again with the whole digital.
You know where they're doing well with digital, it seems though.
You know what they're doing smartly, and what Sony and Microsoft have both done, and I believe Nintendo has done this as well,
very smart to push the games digitally, is the whole pre-download and be able to play the game at 12.01 AM.
Pre-load or whatever they call it, you know what I mean?
I'm just trying to make my, so basically you get to download it and it activates right at release.
Right, and this is a big thing Destiny's doing, is that if you download the game,
they are really buying into the instant gratification needs of the gaming community, which be real,
there's a lot of people in the gaming community that need that instant gratification.
I want to play it now.
They want it.
Right.
And they're too used to getting their way.
And you know what would help doing that is pre-order DLC.
Stop doing this fucking retailer exclusive pre-order DLC and make that digital pre-order DLC.
No, don't encourage them.
I would like to tell the entire gaming community right now,
game makers are not, you're not entitled to your game now. End of story.
But at the same time, well, I, but I know people who really love the digital thing.
Good for them. Let them take advantage of it and let them read through whatever benefits there are from it.
You know, but if you want to push that, you need to make it more attractive.
And I don't think having the game O release, like when I'm going to be awake for an hour to play it,
or the average person is going to be awake for an hour to play it before they have to go to work the next day.
You know, that's nothing that that's, that's bread, you know, little, here's a few crumbs.
Thank you, sir. May I have another, whatever.
All I know is I've got money I got to spend on my Xbox account.
So I'm probably gonna end up buying destiny just because I've got to spend that money.
So it doesn't expire.
You can run the VoG network crew on the Microsoft platforms because Bobby me.
No, no. Travis is on Microsoft as well.
So you and Travis will be on the Microsoft site.
I do want the PlayStation version.
No, I mean, that's what it's like me and Diablo.
If only I had a way to transfer my Xbox money onto my PlayStation account, it would just be fantastic.
Let's talk about my sick problem with Mass Effect.
So should we remind everybody that I own the trilogy for Mass Effect on PC, PlayStation and Xbox.
The only thing I don't have is Mass Effect three on the Wii U and the minute that sick puppy.
Well, I'll probably when it's $20 in a bargain bin, I'll probably have that too.
Let's be real.
I had zero need for it on another system.
We'll also have it on PlayStation four whenever they do an HD or remix.
Bring it the fuck on.
I want multiplayer Mass Effect on PlayStation four so fucking bad.
Did you hear about the Dragon Age Inquisition multiplayer supposed to be similar to Mass Effect?
Yes.
And I am excited.
I was not really like foaming at the mouth over Dragon Age like Alan and Shane were.
But now that like I'm hearing about all this other stuff, I'm like, now I'm going to fucking play Dragon Age two.
Rob, I put in my order for it already for the deluxe edition.
Of course you did.
Was there any ever any doubt?
It's except Shane and I were having a chat because we're both at low cat about like romance options.
And everybody that I wanted to romance is not an option.
Namely, very Vivian and Morgan.
Yeah, but you'll be on the PC hackers going to hack.
You'll be able to romance whoever you want within months.
OK, then tell me why you can't.
You'll be able to romance Paris.
I'm going to put Garris in my team and then I'll reinvent my hawk on Dragon Age.
That would be awesome.
They can put Thomas the Train in Skyrim.
They can put Garris in Dragon Age.
Go romance yourself.
All right.
Let's move on.
Loki, what do you got?
This is kind of cool.
This is a brand new kind of VR headset powered by Oculus.
It's the Samsung Gear VR headset.
And what's kind of cool about this is that it actually uses the Galaxy Note 4.
And it's this thing that it plugs into basically that makes it into almost like an Oculus Rift.
More like the dev kit one, though, because it doesn't have the actual spatial tracking.
But still pretty cool.
And they've got a lot of people already making games for it, including they even showed off like a VR version of Temple Run.
So I'm kind of on it.
But yeah, I can't afford a new phone right now, but looks cool.
And of course, it would be separate on top of the phone, which I'm guessing would be kind of expensive on top.
But it's supposed to be out later this year.
So we'll see.
They haven't announced pricing or when exactly we're going to see it yet.
But I don't know.
It's kind of exciting that we're seeing a lot of stuff out now.
And it's actually a consumer piece.
So looking forward to it.
Bobby talked about this a lot on his show tonight.
The Bobby Blackwell show, which is on before us at vognetwork.com.
And he had been talking about, and I kind of agree with this, that it's going to be good that this is going to establish like a baseline kind of product.
Where things can be optimized for this.
Does that make sense?
So that's kind of exciting.
It's kind of interesting to see VR on cell phones, I guess.
If that makes sense.
Because this is going to be running on like a cell phone platform.
So the thing that I like that's kind of cool about it is it is wireless.
And one of the things I always worry with with the Oculus Rift is I have a laptop.
It's a gaming laptop, I guess, if you will.
But gaming laptops aren't exactly the same as a gaming PC.
It's not spec-wise the most powerful thing on earth.
And a lot of the games I can't run in high.
It's kind of a medium settings based PC, if you will.
So I don't know how well the Oculus Rift would run on my laptop.
But something like this that uses the phone to power it might be kind of cool.
Or something like Project Morpheus, which is supposed to have something externally,
doing a lot of the computation for it would be fantastic.
I hope that when the Oculus Rift does come out that we have something like that.
Like Project Morpheus where it has something doing some extra computation
so that people like me that don't have the most powerful system ever
can still run it rather well.
All right. Can we go back to a previous topic real quick here before we get into the next story?
Because you bought it.
Let's get into I need to play something here before we do the next segment here.
I know this is a little early.
I need to give an F.U. of the week to act deft in chat.
Don't let him act deft for your weakness.
Act deft during Loki reading that last article there linked me on Amazon.com
to Mass Effect 3 on the Wii U for 13 bucks. 13 bucks.
It'll be here on Wednesday.
Rob. Rob. Stand up.
I'm standing.
Come here.
I'm coming over.
Hand.
Here's my hand.
Why did you slap my hand?
Bad Rob.
No. No.
Bad.
Says the lady who bought a video.
Bad consumer whore.
No. Says the lady who bought a video game with a fucking dish.
No. I will not have this fuckery.
Technically Dan bought it. For me.
I will not have this fuckery because guess what?
It also had a clock.
Guess what?
Come Wednesday I own every release of Mass Effect there has been.
You're still naughty.
BioWare just put your cock in my mouth.
Seriously.
Rob. Rob is a bottom for Mass Effect.
That's not true. Whatever you read on the bathroom stall is not true.
Oh my god. I cannot believe I just fucking bought it.
I can.
Or.
Alex in chat going are you fucking serious right now?
Rob is a consumer whore.
You know you probably could have gotten that used somewhere like for a lot less than 13 dollars.
Yeah.
On top of that it's actually supposed to be not like very great.
Because it like cuts out so many of the different options.
That like you have no option to save the council.
You like.
It's just all kinds of missing stuff.
It was really strange when they gave you the option to romance Mario.
I just didn't understand why they had to throw that into that version of the game.
But there it was.
And.
No. Rob doesn't do the Garris romance right?
You always romance Caden.
I always romance Caden.
So.
Okay. Then you have to make me a promise in this one.
Oh god. What?
You're going to romance Steve.
I don't want to be some dude's rebound.
You're. It won't be the rebound.
But you have to do this for me.
Alright. Fine. Fine. I'll do it.
Your first play through you romance Steve.
For Dark Sakura I will romance Cortez.
Cortez.
Corteshep. I don't know. I don't know how you.
Sheptez.
Alright.
I will call it Sheptez.
Now. Now Alan is. Alan is giving me a mini lecture in chat right now.
And the story simulator to set up your career is missing hella shit.
Like Dark Sakura said.
Don't sit there and tell me you are not morbidly curious.
That you don't have an ounce of morbid curiosity.
I've seen it.
The one cool thing is that whole map thing on the thing.
Yeah.
That's fun.
You know what?
What?
I did that with my PC by calling it the internet.
And I want to play multiplayer.
Is anybody playing Mass Effect 3 on Wii U multiplayer?
Echo. Echo.
Anyone? Anyone? Anyone?
Mass Effect. Mass Effect. Mass Effect.
Wii. Wii. Wii.
You.
Rob.
Rob.
I can't believe. It was 13 bucks.
Rob.
Give me a break. What?
You know what else you can get for 13 bucks?
Uh. Lunch.
Really bad heroin.
But you don't see people going out and getting really bad heroin.
This is really bad heroin for him.
I can't. Is there anybody out there?
Is there anybody out there who says, you know what, Rob?
Good job.
Is there anybody out there who says, Rob?
Rob, the entire internet at this moment is judging you.
And just think of how much more judgment will go during the podcast.
But you brought the Wii version.
I'm gonna say something.
It's a special edition.
Like as in special bus.
Dark Sakura could be a lot worse.
Cause I'm not a woman.
Right now in gaming.
Alright. You know what?
Seriously. Enough with you.
I am so tired of hearing about like, you know.
Yes. Guess what?
There's dicks on the internet.
Both physically, you know, literally and metaphorically.
Okay.
Did we just start playing games on the internet?
Do we not know that there's people out there that will do crazy, stupid shit when they're anonymous?
Really?
Are you at all surprised that this is happening?
Because I'm not at all surprised at all that this is happening.
There actually is a study out about mental illness and anonymous bashing of other people.
That they are technically sociopaths.
For the record, it's all straight up fuckery.
But that's why I had to have a laugh at its expense.
So.
By the way.
What?
Bitch.
Let's see.
Fifth Dream in chat says, good job Rob. Thank you.
And no one can call me a whore for it because I do not have the Garris moe pillow.
There you go.
Alright. There we go.
Thank god.
Alright.
I want to know where Shane is during all of this.
Sleeping.
Alright.
I need some judgement in here.
Alright.
Alright.
Well, here's a console I will not be able to buy Mass Effect on because it doesn't exist.
On the Ouya.
Yes, the Ouya is still out there selling systems.
Actually, you know when the Ouya came to GamerX, they were showing off some pretty interesting
looking things on the Ouya.
The rabbit game.
Yeah.
A lot of that stuff looked really cool.
I know the guys over at GamerX and gals and everybody over at GamerX are really pushing
the read only memories thing and that's an Ouya thing.
But maybe the Ouya is going to become something a little different because the Ouya, apparently,
looking to be acquired.
Currently in talks with Google, Amazon, and some Chinese companies including Tencent,
who owns Riot Games, by the way.
This comes from some sources.
The ever present sources with ReCode.
No formal offers on the table yet, but we know YouTube's got a billion dollars to spend.
So, who knows?
Anything's possible.
That'll be interesting if the Ouya does get acquired by somebody else.
That'd be very interesting if somebody like Google or Amazon got it.
I mean, I know Amazon just spent a lot of money with Twitch, so maybe they're a little
bit, and they're trying to do their whole thing with Amazon Fire and all that too, so
maybe they're a little bit less of a contender.
But Google, it'd be very interesting if Google walked out of this whole thing with the Ouya.
Could be interesting.
Really?
Why would they do that?
Because of the brand recognition that Ouya brings?
I mean, because I'm just thinking like, you know, a company like Google that seems to
be pretty innovative, that they could probably whip out their own fucking console in like
two seconds without needing the purchase.
Funny you say that, because didn't they put out the Google TV thing?
That little USB stick or that thingy that you just plug in the TV and it's supposed
to do all the streaming and all that?
Yeah, the Chromecast.
Okay, thank you, the Chromecast.
That's what I'm trying to think of.
What sold more?
Ouya's or Chromecast?
I have a Chromecast.
Do you really?
Yes, I do.
I don't even have one.
What sold more?
Actually, it's super awesome.
Well, considering that the Chromecast came out way after the Ouya.
It was 30 bucks.
I probably think the Chromecast sold more.
I don't know, I'm just throwing it out there as a question, because maybe you're asking
like, what could Google do with Ouya, and maybe something similar to a more robust type of
Chromecast.
They've got those, though.
They've got like, the GameStick was supposed to be very similar to that, and they've got
so many of these, you know, device, Android device on HDMI stick things.
I just don't see them wanting to buy this.
I mean, you want to hear something funny?
I could imagine, you know, what if GameStop bought this?
Because, you know, they're looking, they want a gaming platform.
Can you imagine?
I could see them doing that.
Don't say that, don't say that.
Let's see, going to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com, a code man jumping into
the Mass Effect 3 debate a little late, but says, had to come into chat real quick to
tell Rob I bought it this morning.
High five, bro.
High five.
And as you're, you know, you're high fives echo the vast nothingness that is the people
playing on Mass Effect 3 online on the Nintendo network.
It's like, dude, I'm getting my party cool because you're the only one playing.
Hey, I will play, Cody and I will be the two people playing on Wii U.
It's fine.
I don't know, maybe you could, you know, beg George to play too.
There you go.
We'll have it, the old stuff's going to be cool again.
Let's see, folks in chat seem to think the Chromecast probably sold better.
Mega Man X 400, our buddy from Video Game Realness.
Yeah, thank you, that's right.
Chromecast sold more hands down.
I completely forgot about Android TV, yes, so there.
Don't need fucking, you know, Ouya.
This whole, this is all speculation and tinfoil happening.
If Google buys it, could they call it the Ouya?
I'm making a great marketing campaign.
Ouya!
What's it going to do?
It's going to Ouya.
And this is why Rob is not a marketing...
Download porn, it's a Ouya.
You know what we use our Chromecast for, by the way?
Porn?
Watching, no, watching endless, endless streams of video game playthroughs.
Oh, oh, I almost forgot, going way back to the new 3DS.
The new 3DS, parental locked, unless you pay money to unlock it.
Shut the fuck up, where did you hear that?
It's parental locked, it's not a lot of money, it requires about 60 cents to unlock it.
But it's parental locked when you get it, you have to pay money in order to unlock it.
That's the dumbest thing I've ever heard.
Is that like just a credit card check or something?
Well, they charge you 60 cents and then they don't give you that money back.
So I would, I guess if you want to call that a credit card check, I'd call that as a micro transaction.
But that was something that they did, yeah.
Because, you know, those HTML5 web browsers, those are all compatible with all those porn sites out there.
Alright, let's move on. Dark Soccer, one more story before release dates.
Well, okay, you know how we have been going on and on about the Nut Neutrality thing going on,
and how it's a load of bullshit, and how different companies are going to be able to throttle our connection.
Well, on September 10th, there's actually a big protest going on by a group called Fight for the Future.
And a lot of other major sites and companies will be included on this one.
What they're going to do is they're going to show people what the internet might look like
if the FCC makes the changes that it wants to make.
Basically, Tom Wheeler, who's the chairman of the FCC, proposed changes that would make it okay
for the service providers to charge content for, you know, charge for faster and better access.
The fast lanes. So basically, there is, there's going to be, now it's not going to change the speed or anything,
they're not going to try to throttle their own websites.
But what they're going to do is start popping up things that look like rainbow wheels, or loading symbols,
or, you know, make, just basically give you an idea of what the web's going to look like,
how inconvenient and messy things are going to be.
It's also including Etsy, Kickstarter, Foursquare, Wordpress, Vimeo, Reddit, Mozilla, Imgur,
is it Imgur or Imgur? Anyway.
Meetup, Cheeseburger, Namecheap, BitTorrent, Gandhi.net, Startpage, Boing Boing, and Dowola.
Some of them I haven't heard of.
We'll be also with 35 advocacy organizations and other activists to show what this is going to be looking at.
They're going to basically put messages on there with an infinitely spinning site loading icon,
or the wheel of death, to symbolize what the web would look like without net neutrality.
Just alert, basically, it's basically like the equivalent of standing out on the street holding signs.
It's going to be on the sites that you look at.
This is a good way to kind of bring awareness to this.
I think a lot of plugged in people I like to think already know about this,
but hopefully some of the sites participating are things that maybe are sites that people check
that aren't necessarily going to be advocacy sort of things like, I don't know, like news websites,
things that people, like CNN and things like that, but I don't know.
But it being on Etsy and Kickstarter, right there, though, those are pretty good.
Yeah, those are pretty good. How about Pinterest? Can we get on Pinterest?
You know what would be funny is that if Pinterest actually changed their little pinnet icon temporarily
to just a spinning wheel or an X, you know.
Well, just a reminder, guys, if you do not like the idea of net neutrality, write some letters,
call Congress people, vote, vote, vote, vote.
Actually, if you do like the idea of net neutrality, then you would probably do.
Did I say it backwards?
Yeah.
I did say it backwards, so thank you, Loki.
If you support me buying a dictionary, vote, vote, vote.
If you support a free and equal internet for all people who are basically all on the same type of connection
unless you're one of those poor people in the mountains who has dial-up, they exist.
Yeah, sure. Alaska is a state.
Write Congress, write your local representatives,
and make sure that you continue adding to the millions of others who have written into the FCC protesting this.
Make your voice heard, and I'd say hit them where it hurts.
If, you know, I'd say, hey, especially if you're a campaign contributor,
say I'm going to withdraw all of my campaign support until you turn this around.
Because the reason why FCC is letting this through is because they're being paid.
They're plain and simple.
Campaign donations coming from Comcast, Time Warner, any of these companies,
so that they will get the reaction out of the government that they need to lend their pockets.
All right.
End of story.
Before we get to the release dates, I just want to point this out because I just got a picture from Brad.
It's a picture of Ouya. This is our buddy from Pod Culture, Brad.
It's a picture of his Ouya sitting on the desk, and he replied to me and he said,
hey, don't knock the Ouya. This is my desk right now.
So I replied, hot Ouya shot.
Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates of video games coming out in a store near you.
This week we have Destiny coming out on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, PlayStation 3, and Xbox 360.
And if you're not into, you know, massive space, you know, epic shooter games, then there's hockey for you.
NHL 15 coming out on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
Also an ultimate edition of those as well if you want the extra credits for building your ultimate team.
That's it.
All right. I guess not a lot of people want to go up against Destiny, eh?
Nope.
Nope.
All right. Let's travel over to Japan and check out what's coming out in Japan.
Hey, guess what?
Destiny is a thing in Japan as well.
September 11th is the release out over there because they get games on different days.
Also the DualShock 4 in white is also coming out in Japan to kind of celebrate that.
So check that out on the PlayStation 4.
The Xbox One is now out in Japan.
That happened while we were out.
But no releases to note right now for the Xbox One in Japan for this week because they just obviously released it out there.
So they kind of did all the launch games already.
PlayStation 3 will get Destiny this week as well as Nobunaga no Yabutendo with Power Up Kit.
That is a price reduction actually.
That's going into the best series along with Sangokushi 12.
New games on the PlayStation 3 include Naruto Shippuden, Naruto Midstorm Revolution.
Because, you know, you got to have a Naruto game.
It is a day of the week ending in Y.
Eiyu Densetsu Sen no Kiseke 2 comes out in regular and limited drama CD bundle set.
Oops.
That's the 25th.
Sorry, I got ahead of myself.
Well, there you go.
A little preview of what's to come in two weeks.
On the Xbox 360, Naruto Shippuden is out this week as well.
On the Wii U, nothing until the 20th, but the 20th is Bayonetta 2.
So that's a really big release for the Wii U.
On the PlayStation Vita this week, on the 11th, Chain Chronicle 5, Criminal Girls Invitation and Sangokushi 12 gets a price reduction there.
Those last two games, price reduction games on the Vita.
Lastly but not leastly, the Nintendo 3DS.
Dairanto Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS, September 13th.
Oh my God, I did not realize it was that soon.
No wonder, my people that, my friends that own Japanese 3DSes, because you know the whole stupid thing is region locked, right?
No wonder they're so excited.
That is coming out, like, this week.
Holy crap.
We're going to know a lot more about this game this week.
We'll find out if it's true that the Duck Hunt dogs in the game are not.
It's pretty cool.
I'm looking forward to that being released over here.
Alright, last but not leastly, the UK, Dar Sakura.
On the 9th, Destiny.
And on the 11th, Train Fever for Mac.
That's it.
They're essentially the same game.
Destiny and Train Fever.
Alright, just a couple more news stories for you guys before the classic game of the week.
Alright, speaking of Destiny.
If you are inclined, you can purchase that digitally and guess what?
You'll get a free upgrade to the next gen version.
That is of course if you buy a Playstation 3 or Xbox 360 version digitally.
You will get a free upgrade when, you know, for people like me that don't have a Playstation 4 or Xbox One yet.
You'll get a free upgrade to the Xbox One or Playstation 4 version depending on which platform you purchase that on.
So, absolutely free.
For a limited time though. They haven't said how long that's going to last but it is for a limited time.
On top of that you also get of course the Guardian, was it?
It also includes I guess the standard or guardian editions of the game as well as expansion passes.
So if you buy those on one platform you get them on the other one.
Cool.
And we kind of got into this a little bit earlier about the whole fact that, you know, they're really giving incentives for people to buy digitally.
This is a huge one for people that are still on Playstation 3 and Xbox 360.
In fact, it almost sounds like, Loki, this might have swayed your decision big time.
Well, I just, I don't know what the hell it's been, Mike.
I have like $70 in like fucking Xbox money, so.
Wow.
Yeah, it.
Must be nice just to have that money lying around.
Long story there, but yeah.
I've got that stuck in my account and I'm like, what the fuck am I going to buy this?
So, got to pick something soon before it expires.
And then that'll be an Xbox One game if you ever get an Xbox One.
Exactly.
Alright.
Alright, lastly before we get to the classic game of the week, some updates on Mighty No. 9.
Mighty No. 9, if you were a Kickstarter backer of a certain level, you got a Mighty No. 9 beta that was available for those backers.
A lot of this came out of PAX, so it might be just over a week old, but with a big game like Mighty No. 9, I wanted to bring this up anyway.
I've heard good things about it from people who are playing it.
Yeah, I actually watched a Twitch stream of somebody who was kind of playing it and it looked like it was.
Our intern Drew has it.
Oh really?
Yes.
So fun.
Yeah, it looks like it's pretty challenging, like one of the old Mega Man games that you are going to have to kind of have that muscle memory of jump now, shoot now.
You know, just having to get all those little patterns down, so.
You had to donate more than $80 to this in order to get this beta, but it is available and out there, so if you haven't seen this, it's all over YouTube now.
Some folks doing that.
By the way, also coming to Mighty No. 9 multiplayer, that's pretty cool, online race battle through, and a little video posted of that earlier this week.
So this Mighty No. 9 sounds like it's going to be a pretty hot release. I'm excited about it.
Alright.
Let's go back to a simpler time.
Let's go back to a time when this game could have just been like Mega Man 11 or something.
It's the classic game of the week, and Dark Soccer is going to step into the gaming vault and find a game that she thinks, hey, you kids should be checking out this game this week.
Yeah.
Not your freaking Destinies and your Diablos and whatever other crapola you're all playing this week.
Yeah.
Dark Soccer, what is the classic game of the week?
Well, I'm sticking with my CPS2 theme that I'd like to do for a couple months.
So I picked Mars Matrix Hyper Solid Shooting, which, yes, it was a CPS2 era game.
This was a scrolling shooter game that came out, it was actually a vertical scrolling shooting game that was developed by Takumi in 2000 and published by Capcom for their CPS2 arcade board.
It came on the Dreamcast later on in 2001, and the arcade version actually used a horizontally aligned monitor like Giga Wink did, which is pretty rare for a shooter game.
So basically, yeah, it is a shooter game.
It's got an amazing soundtrack.
Rob, can we play a little bit of this?
That's just the splash screen.
But I liked it when you get to the pickle ship, so it's going to pop up in a second.
All right, tell us a little- oh, here we go.
That's really good.
Oh yeah, this is a club song right here.
Well, the whole soundtrack was just like really just on top of it.
It was pretty clubby, you know, but it fit the game because the game was like a kind of a rendered look to it.
It was actually really well done.
So anyway, the game only uses one button, but you have to use a different action along with the timing of how you do it.
So a normal shot is just pressing the A button.
Your shot power increases with each level up to level 8, depending on your experience points.
You have a piercing cannon, so by not pressing the A button for at least one second, you press A.
And the attack is basically close range that hits multiple targets.
It's stronger than the normal shot, and the strength also increases in proximity to the target.
It also, though, does not change based on level.
There's also the mosquito, where if you have like a bar up at the top that if it's full, you can hold the A button for a quarter to half a second.
The barrier gets activated, which damages any enemy that touches it until the GHB gauge is drained.
Enemy bullets are attracted towards the fighter as well.
When you release the A button while the GHB is not empty, it causes those bullets to fire in any direction away from your fighter when the A button is released.
And repelled bullets can hit the enemy when it hits the enemy and is converted to a cube.
You have the gravity hull bomb, that's the GHB by the way, where you hold the A button until the GHB gauge is emptied.
When activated, an explosion damages all on-screen enemies and destroys all the bullets.
Each of your fighters is a little different. The Mosquito 1 is the normal speed with a wide blaster and lower shot damage.
Mosquito 2 is higher speed with a laser shot and higher shot damage.
So you also get, of course, your 1-up and you get cubes, as I mentioned earlier, which increase your experience and recharge your combo meter.
Bigger cubes give you larger recharge time.
Rob, did you ever play this?
Actually, no I didn't. I didn't even realize this was one of the CPS2 era games.
This one just wasn't on my radar.
Did they release this in any of the repackagings they did?
When they did the, what, the Playstation 2?
Well, we'll be getting to that.
Excuse me.
There's a little bit about the experience system though.
I was curious if you had ever played it since the big Dreamcast of Fran.
I haven't.
What about you, Loki?
No, I've never played this.
Anyway, with the experience system, you basically capture a cube, you get EXP, and your combo meter fills up.
I do like those bullet patterns though. Those are pretty sweet.
Yeah, it's a really gorgeous game.
So basically you can deplete your combo meter if you fail to capture a cube for a prolonged period of time or if you're destroyed.
The cubes can be found by destroying enemies or parts of enemies or hitting an enemy with a repelled bullet like the charge meter we shared before.
When your experience is high, your level is increased and then you can have more powerful shots.
So as far as, yeah, the other versions that were released, there was the Dreamcast version which had arcade mode.
It says that it was a perfect conversion, but the scores for the enemies are different.
There's elite mode, which is also called a range mode, where you can adjust certain options like your combo time, ship speed, and the GHB charge speed.
In elite mode A, enemy ships and formations are changed. In elite B, the stages are the same as arcade mode.
You have score challenge mode or score attack mode where basically you kill an enemy with a piercing cannon that causes a bunch of cubes to appear and each of the cubes will increase the capacity value by one.
You have a shop system, strategy mode, a movie, and a gallery.
And then there's a bug where your score cannot go beyond 999,999,999,990.
And they basically, that was the bug in the arcade version and they fixed it by adding two extra digits in the score table.
This has only been released on the Dreamcast and arcade.
So basically, nope.
Famitsu gave the Dreamcast version of this a 31 out of 40, which is a decent score.
The game also from IGN got a rating of 8.5, which was great.
And there's also in the demo sequence for the arcade version, there's a voice clip that says, I'm not programmed to give you that information.
It was taken from Season 1 Episode 16 of Star Trek The Next Generation.
Oh really?
Yes.
So it's Roddenberry's wife?
Who did, because she did all those, the computer voices and stuff.
I don't think it was the computer.
Oh.
And anyway.
Nevermind.
But also you can get the soundtrack as I have went out on a limb looking for it.
Because yeah, anyone who has it on, like for example, it was on Amazon for 85 bucks.
But it's the Mars Matrix and GigaWing 2 soundtrack box.
And that's it.
Pretty, pretty rad game.
That's a clever way to, I don't know if it was intentional, but it was a clever way to tie the Dreamcast birthday and the CPS2 theme together.
So there you go.
It was intentional.
Alright.
Mars Matrix, classic game of the week.
If you like your shmups, like I know Dark Sakura does, I am terrible at them.
If you would like to try this game, I would be happy to lend you my copy.
Hooray, I gotta dust off my Dreamcast though.
I don't even know where the damn thing is.
I just love the music in it, it's so good.
Yeah, it sounds like the soundtrack is pretty good. I like that.
Alright, we're gonna take a quick break guys, but don't go anywhere because there is plenty more Orange Lounge Radio coming up, including rapid fire news, our Fugu question of the week about more Dreamcast.
We also have some news with games like Elder Scrolls Online, Dragon Quest 7, yes, news on 7, and League of Legends.
We got plenty of that news.
Your e-mails are FUs of the Week, your phone calls are 1-877-GAMO-LR and plenty more when we come back after this with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio, live here on September the 7th, 2014 with the 566th episode of our show.
Which means we're only 100 away from 666th since apparently a Thufferin' Thuckattach. I can't say that number.
So there it is.
We are going to have the year of evil.
Did you think like years ago, I think we joked about episode 666, probably back during episode 66 we probably joked about it.
And to think we might actually hit that number is kind of mind blowing.
I want to say that I am spiteful enough that we should just be spiteful against reality and make it. Make it so.
Make it so. Well what is the old saying, everything I do is motivated by spite and porn?
And porn.
Is that true Loki? Is everything you do motivated by spite and porn?
I don't know about everything. Most of the things I guess.
I would have to add to that. Spite, porn and pumpkin flavored everything in the fall.
By the way.
Because it is that time of year everybody.
I had my one and only pumpkin spice latte frappuccino.
Did you? Your one and only?
It tasted like cancer, it was fantastic.
What? How did some?
The whole allegation about the stuff that's in the pumpkin spice latte frappuccino.
Yeah, no I read the Snopes article.
Well at any rate, at any rate, because I am really back on my fitness kick.
I had my one and only and that's it.
It's delicious.
You know what would make it better actually?
What?
Chocolate.
I want a pumpkin mocha frappuccino.
You could probably ask for that and get that.
Don't give me ideas.
Now she's thinking.
But pumpkin flavored everything comes in this time of year.
Because I have the pumpkin spice Keurig coffee maker cups.
Which you know the straight up coffee is not quite as bad for you as the frappuccinos.
So that's something.
And then you know I just got the email from Noah's bagels.
Pumpkin bagel with pumpkin cream cheese spread.
Good.
Pumpkin coffee.
I love it. I love it.
And then I think Rama posted on my wall earlier a joke that was a pumpkin direct condom.
I'm thinking.
Yeah I've seen that on Tumblr.
That's a little much people.
Put down the Photoshop.
Maybe if I can make it through my first week without killing people.
I will reward myself with a pumpkin bagel from Noah's.
With a pumpkin condom?
Oh a pumpkin bagel from Noah's.
Yes yes.
There you go.
Ew.
Rob.
Okay so you know the thing we don't have here in California.
Actually we just finally got like two weeks ago an hour and a half away.
That they have in Atlanta that I had to have was Dunkin Donuts.
And yes if you are somewhere outside of California we do not have Dunkin Donuts here.
Although well we just got our first one in Modesto of all fucking places.
I know right.
Like which is a two hour drive away.
I think there's some Modesto.
I don't know.
People that.
I usually know people that.
Are getting out of there quickly.
Modesto.
Actually you want to hear a funny story.
My parents met at Modesto Junior College.
Aww.
So actually every time I make fun of Modesto I really shouldn't.
You know that movie American Graffiti is about Modesto California.
Yes.
It was an early George Lucas movie.
My mother went to high school with George Lucas.
Crazy right?
Huh?
My aunt went to school with Jimmy Buffett.
One of my friends went to school with Britney Spears.
Oh my gosh.
How privileged to be in her light.
Whatever.
I'm sure she was probably pretty awful actually.
Alright so the reason why I brought up Dunkin Donuts while I was out in Atlanta.
I had to go to Dunkin Donuts which thankfully in the SunTrust Plaza which is right next
to the hotel where Dragon Con is at.
They had a Dunkin Donuts.
It's only open during the week though.
I couldn't go Saturday to Sunday but on Friday I went and bless their hearts.
They had pumpkin donuts.
And it was so good.
Rama.
I want you to go to a Dunkin Donuts.
Vacuum wrap me a couple of those.
You know where I live.
Ship me some.
Jamie.
Jamie.
Let's.
And I can't believe I'm actually going to suggest this.
Are we going to Modesto?
Let's go to Modesto.
Oh my god.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
I have Tuesdays and Wednesdays off.
Yes.
I don't.
Call in.
I'm not going to call in.
Yes you are.
Co-workers enlisted at the show that will tattle on me.
Co-workers do rob a solid.
We will buy you donuts and bring them to you.
Guys.
I seriously have a problem.
What about next Sunday before OLR?
We'll go in the morning.
Go get donuts with the church crowd and then bring them to OLR.
And Loki, who's sitting here criticizing us, can benefit from the rewards.
Look at Rama.
Look at Rama.
Look at Rama.
Rama, I love you.
I do not want anything pumpkin spice.
I fucking hate everything.
More for us.
Everything pumpkin spice.
Fine.
You can have a fucking plain glazed.
No, no, no.
I don't even want plain glazed.
You keep your own fucking donuts.
Plain glazed.
Don't look like a savage.
Rob.
Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob.
What?
You don't want sprinkles or something?
No.
Fuck that.
I don't want anything from Dunkin' Donuts.
Fine.
We'll eat it in front of you.
Oh, and I won't care.
We need to like have donuts.
Nothing but donuts all day.
And there's people on the East Coast that are sitting there going, those stupid Californians
freaking the fuck out over Dunkin' Donuts is not even a big ass deal.
You know what I would freak out more over though?
To which I say, now you know how I feel every time you people talk about In-N-Out Burger.
It is not that big of a fucking deal.
You know what I would freak out more over though?
What?
If we got a Tim Hortons.
I'd be like, oh my God, Tim Hortons.
I've had a Tim Hortons donut twice.
Burger Hortons or Tim King might become a reality.
Whatever.
Burger King, you suck.
All right.
Look, it is a, it is a video game podcast.
You cannot have video games without donuts.
Damn it.
I have no idea.
Keep in mind, I was raised with Krispy Kreme, so when I had donuts that weren't Krispy Kreme,
I was like, why are they cakey?
Loki may beg to differ.
Can you have video games without donuts?
Yeah.
What can't you have video games without pizza, right?
You can't play video games without anything, but I like pizza.
Tim Hortons is yummy.
What happened to Loki?
You know what is good though?
You guys have seen Loki.
I'm putting his, I'm putting his, uh, picture on a book card.
You know what's good though that I finally had going to SoCal was Winchell's.
Yeah.
We used to have Winchell's here.
There was one in Roseville when I was growing up and they closed it.
Anyway.
All right.
Look, by the way, our friend, uh, Mega Man X 400 from a video game realness from Canada
says Tim Hortons is not that big of a deal coming from Toronto.
See if you live there.
It's a big deal when it's different.
Exactly.
It's a big deal when it's different.
Well, remember, okay.
Remember when we had the big boom of Krispy Kremes here, Rob?
Yes.
What was my reaction?
Really?
It's fucking Krispy Kreme.
My reaction was buy a dozen of those and eat them during work.
I'm not sharing.
I'm eating them all myself.
And then second reaction going inside.
This doesn't look like a fucking Krispy Kreme.
What I do want over here is I want all the fucking cool shit that's on those like Chinese
and Japanese menus at their fast food places, you know, where they build like, they build
the ridiculous burgers and stuff that would kill ordinary people.
No, not the shrimp burgers.
I'm talking like this.
Like, you know, the burger pizzas and you know, just the ridiculous stuff they have.
I want the Kuro burger that was at Burger King in Japan.
I want the Pizza Hut commercials from Japan where all the workers are cats.
That's what I want.
Did you ever see the Kuro burger though?
No, but quickly.
It was a black bun, like, flung with the squid ink and like black cheese and I want the goth
burger.
All right, rapid fire news time, guys.
Let's talk quickly about some video game topics.
We just, it's a busy week.
We have to get these out quickly.
So Mortal Kombat X is finally nailed down the release date, tentatively, as April 14th,
2015.
It'll be coming out on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Xbox 360, PS3, and Windows PC.
So yeah, hopefully they will be actually coming out that day.
They do have, I guess, a pre-order incentive to, you know, unlock Goro as a playable character.
So that's kind of lame that they lock a really cool character behind a pre-order wall.
But what else is new?
If you're not in the mood for Madden but you want to play some football, guess what?
There is a ROM hack for Tecmo Bowl 2 updated to Tecmo Bowl 2000, or Tecmo Super Bowl 2015.
It's basically a roster update to give everybody the, I guess, modern rosters, offensive schemes,
and all 32 current NFL teams.
And so if you have an NES emulator, you can go download that, TecmoBowl.org.
And they've got, I think it's in their forums, you can check that out.
And last but not least, this is kind of surprising, but maybe after, you know, their presentation
at either Gamescom or E3, I can't remember where they're talking about VibRib in a lot,
but Sony has filed a trademark for VibRib in Europe.
What?
What?
Yes.
So they're going to be possibly either re-releasing the old game or putting out a new one.
I hope it's a new one.
Let's all join hands and pray.
Oh Lord, bless this thy hand grenade, wait, bless this thy donut that with it we might
be blessed with VibRib in.
Whatever it is you believe in, God, Buddha, Flying Speedy Monster, whatever it is you
believe in, join hands with me in prayer that VibRib in is making some type of comeback.
I mean, I don't care if it's like just a freaking like PS1 now game or something.
What if we get the ribbon box with VibRib in emoji ribbon and like ribbon all the things.
Don't fuck with my emotions.
That's what confused me so much is was that they have the guy that created VibRib in talking
about VibRib in for like a very long time during like GDC, it was E3, they fucking whipped
out VibRib in E3.
Oh my God.
Agdef said it.
What?
VibRib in with MP3 support.
For the love of Vibri, please.
Knowing Sony, if it were to happen, it would be VibRib in with Sony Entertainment Network
support.
I just thought of something.
What?
How to cosplay Vibri.
All right, anyway, quickly, it's a three hour show, not seven.
So, yes, that's all we know so far aside from the filing that, yeah, VibRib in is possibly
going to come back.
Fifth Dream in chat says, fuck yes, please, VibRib in, I will suck some people off for
VibRib in to exist.
I'm right there with you, Fifth Dream.
Rob says, Fifth Dream, TMI, dude.
I already said something about BioWare earlier this evening, so tonight, all the cocks.
I remember that day, we went to network video RIP, and I got VibRib in, and you got Kitty
the Cool.
The Hello Kitty game.
Yeah, you kind of made out better, didn't you?
All right, let's see.
And Rama says in chat, I pray to Joe Pesci.
Well, I said whatever you believe in, whatever you believe in.
All right, MegamanX400, uh oh, uh oh, asks, what is VibRib in?
Get out.
No, I'm just kidding.
VibRib in.
We shall educate you now.
I've already done it as a classic game, but maybe I need to just do it again.
Just quickly, give a 60 second speech.
VibRib is an all kind of victory 3D game, where you're a rabbit, whose name is Vibri,
and you walk along the line, and you get different obstacles in your way, and you have to do
certain button mashes to pass said obstacles.
It's got its own little soundtrack, but the great thing is that you can put in your own
CDs, and use different music, and the tracks will change based on the music that you play.
And he turns into different things as he goes into this halo creature, and it's absolutely
awesome.
And he sings the demo, how to play the game.
He sings how you play the game.
And it's adorable.
And he's got this little cute little voice, kind of digitally sounding, and oh my god,
Vibri is adorable!
It's like, it's like a endless runner, but, you know, it's not, yeah, kind of.
And if you want, actually if you want a good idea of what the game looks like, it's got,
it's you know, it's a, what's the group that does it, a Weebles game.
But Weebles did something kind of based off of, it plays exactly like Vibribin for iOS,
called Dancing Russian Men, and that will give you an idea of how the game looks.
I mean, not how it looks, but how it plays, so.
And Mega Man X400 in true Canadian fashion apologizing, lol, sorry, sorry, I don't know.
That's okay.
You know what?
We're here, but now you do know, and knowing is half the battle.
Just go look up the intro to Vibribin.
It's cute game.
It's adorbs.
Cute game.
Alright, let's move on.
We've got more news we've got to talk about, including with Sony.
Maybe if Vibribin does come out on PlayStation 4 in one form or another, people will be streaming
it on the PlayStation Vita, because there's going to be an app that will allow the PlayStation
Vita access to the PlayStation Live network that's all over the PlayStation 4.
So yes, you too can watch the Ustreams and Twitch channels of people sitting in their
living room saying racist, sexist, horrible things to each other, because that's a lot
of what's broadcast on there.
But you know what?
Amongst all that, there is a lot of good streams, too.
A lot of Diablo 3 streams lately, and of course, of course, I knew this would happen the day
the game came out.
Guess what game is dominating PlayStation Live right now?
Minecraft.
Dominating PlayStation Live right now.
So you can watch more Minecraft feeds on the PlayStation Vita very soon, which makes sense
because they brought it to mobile phones as well, although I think it's just a link.
News on Bravely Second.
I know that a lot of you guys were fans of Bravely Default, Dark Soccer and myself included.
De-fart.
Bravely De-fart.
Well, in Bravely Second, which I guess Dark Soccer would call Bravely Second fart, I don't
know.
There's some information that's come out about Bravely Second.
Bravely Suck It.
Bravely Suck It.
I don't know.
The Wind Vestal Agnus will be back in Bravely Suck It.
There will also be some new characters, including Magnolia Arch in the roles of Valkyrie, Performer,
Red Mage and Time Major.
Some of the screenshots we see.
Magnolia Arch in the screenshots.
Also another new character revealed this week, Yu.
That's YU.
YU is another new character that is the Falcon of the Gale who will be joining Magnolia as
a party member during the game.
Some other characters.
Jean, the Wolf of the Inferno and Nikolai, the Bison of Solidity.
So more information on Bravely Suck It.
Okay, Dungeon Buster wins.
Bravely Second win.
We're like seven years old.
All right.
I love you guys.
I love you guys.
Lastly, some news on the Retron 5.
Remember this console?
That thing.
The aluminum box.
I'd seen this at E3 and I got to play Zombies Ate My Neighbors and High Def, which was kind
of awesome.
Which reminds me, I need to get a Retron 5.
I did not know that they were doing firmware updates to the Retron consoles, but they are.
A new firmware update, firmware 2.0 Beta 1 came out for the Retron.
It includes IPS patch support, meaning you take an imported game cartridge.
You take a little, I guess, USB stick with the IPS file.
You can patch the cartridge to play fan translations.
That is fucking amazing.
Right?
That's awesome.
And the Seiken fan translation is like the best.
Seiken Densetsu.
Right?
So that's really cool.
Some other firmware support.
Support for S&S SPC 7110 cartridges.
I don't know what games that included.
Screen shaking and some GBA games fixed.
Yeah, there was actually a test video out that was showing that it wasn't working with
some of the add-on games.
So I'd like to, yeah, hopefully they've addressed that.
That's really cool.
Some game compatibility fixes, meaning Sky Kid, Yokai Club, and Dark Soccer, you can
rest easy.
Fantasy Zone will now work.
Can you imagine if Dark Soccer had bought one of these things and Fantasy Zone didn't
work?
Oh my god, the thing would be in pieces.
Do you know that I have almost every home version of Fantasy Zone?
Oh really, says the woman who made fun of me over Mass Effect 3 earlier.
Yeah, guess what?
They're all different games.
Yeah, guess what?
Suck it.
Technically, they are different games for, you know, different consoles.
Yeah.
It's just, you know, the Wii U window in place.
But it does support the tablet.
Rolling my eyes so hard that it just, I think I might have strained my ocular joints.
Roll them back so you can do the next story.
Girl.
So well, the next three stories then, to be accurate.
So there are instructions out there on how to upgrade the next gen Minecraft, you know,
with the new versions on Xbone and Playstation 4.
There actually is a blog post out there about how to do the upgrade, of which I will give
you the URL as soon as it loads.
But there's also videos out there, so you can also check it out on various tubes of
you that you might be able to find.
So by the way, I almost got it to load, never mind.
It's actually on a post by Brian Silva on the Playstation 4 blog, blog.US.PlayStation.com.
And I will link that into the chat room, because it's a really long URL for the regular URL.
So that being said, I'm sure you are all going to be super happy with having instructions.
So also, there are details out now, at least for the European release of Bayonetta 2.
Which will of course be a Wii U exclusive, and probably one of the few reasons to own
one.
What?
So?
So?
So?
So?
Nintendo said that the first print edition, which is exclusive to Europe, will have the
discs of Bayonetta 2, Wii U Bayonetta remake, the Art of Bayonetta 2 art book, and a 3D
embossed leather effect packaging that recreates the Hierarchy of Laguna.
The book of angels that were all the enemies that you have to kill with your gun shoes
from.
So yeah, pretty cool.
Lots of details on Bayonetta 2 this week, by the way, because of the Nintendo Direct.
So if you didn't see it, go watch it, because Dark Sakura is just touching the tip of the
iceberg with this.
Well, it is rapid fire, is it not?
I know, I understand.
And then, last but not least, there is a release list that came out from the Direct, actually,
that has a list of games coming out in 2015.
One of those games listed is Star Fox.
There is also another Zelda game listed in 2015, Xenoblade Chronicles X, I guess it is,
or X, I guess X, since there wasn't two through nine.
Kirby and the Rainbow Curse, Act Deft, just letting you know.
Mario Maker, Yoshi's Woolly World, Splatoon, Captain Toad, bunch of stuff.
So Star Fox, something else called Project Guard.
Yeah, so a good thing that a lot of those E3 titles we saw, because Star Fox and Zelda,
we got little tastes of at E3 this year, but nice to see that they are still targeting
2015 for that, because I don't know, the way Nintendo rolls sometimes, I would not have
been shocked if you told me that Zelda game wasn't happening until 2016.
Act Deft, I said Star Fox, not Star Fucks.
There's a difference.
And maybe my little bit of a southern accent plays into that, but no.
I usually emphasize when I say the word fuck.
Alright, well let's go to the fucking FUGL question of the week right now.
It's Radio Koopaloo.
You take Facebook and Google Plus, you slam them together, you get FUGL, and it's the
FUGL question of the week, where we ask a question of our fan communities at Facebook
and Google Plus.
That's Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio and Google.com slash Plus, Orange Lounge Radio.
This is all about the Dreamcast we talked about earlier in the show.
Were you a Dreamcast owner?
Why or why not?
Looking back, do you have a favorite Dreamcast title?
We'll start with the Googlers tonight.
Act Deft saying, I got my Dreamcast on a Black Friday for $50 US, like 12 years ago or so.
I played with it a lot, and it was my go-to console for fighting games, though I think
my favorite game for the Dreamcast was either Jet Grind or Jet Set Radio or Sonic Adventure
2.
Crazy Taxi in a close second.
God, I miss crazy taxi.
Renee, Renee Y replies and says, we had a Dreamcast because we were a hardcore Sega
family, as a good strong family should be, right?
My favorite game to play was Phantasy Star Online, one of my first MMOs.
It was a truly unique experience being able to play a game with my cousin who lived all
the way across the country.
Eventually, we ended up giving the console away to a friend who didn't have enough money
to buy a console.
This was in 2005.
I can't believe it's been almost 10 years since I've given away my Dreamcast, let alone
15 years from when I owned one.
That's really sweet that Renee gave the console away to somebody who, you know, over here
you had no console, so that's really cool.
Good job.
Reddertainment replied and said, no.
That's it, no.
Not a Dreamcast fan, I imagine.
Flaco Jones replied and said, never had a Dreamcast, but a friend of mine did.
He also had every game pirated to discs.
I think I only played Tony Hawk on it, but it was good.
And Collin M says, bought one shortly after it came out.
Phantasy Star Online and Space Channel 5 were my favorite games on the system.
Choo, choo.
A few comments over here on Facebook, Fabrice A says, I'm a hardcore Sega fan and of course
I own a Dreamcast.
I think it's still the best console ever because of the numerous, excellent arcade games they
had on it.
Crazy Taxi is an all-time favorite game for me and I still play it from time to time.
Occasionally I go out and look for sailors too, but not before I have a hot dog at Tom's.
Dreamcast, it's still thinking.
Tonic Vision replied and said, I actually bought a Dreamcast in college after it had
been out for a little over a year.
I got it for $99 on Amazon and what amazed, Amazon was a thing back then?
I guess it was.
I guess it was kind of in its early days.
What amazed me the most is how easily it ran pirated CDs.
A couple of floors up for me, a guy knew how to do it and made me about 10 discs packed
with games.
I fell in love with Code Veronica and stayed up many weekends playing Marvel versus Capcom
2 with friends.
Having never owned a Genesis, I thought it was a solid system overall, but I must admit
that when PlayStation 2 came out, it started collecting dust immediately.
The surprising amount of people admitting to open piracy here.
I think you were onto something earlier when you said that.
Part of the problem.
Yeah, part of the problem.
KingSnee replied and said, one of my favorite memories with the Dreamcast was when I first
came in contact with it and Sonic running from a killer whale.
I thought that was the coolest thing I'd seen in a game at that point and that's one
of the many reasons why I got a Dreamcast.
I still think about playing my first RPG, Grandia 2.
Guillermo R. replies and says I was in college and skipped classes on 9999 to go pick up
my Dreamcast, Sonic Adventure, and Soul Calibur.
What an amazing system at the time.
I still have it plugged on my TV and fire it up every now and then.
While the games haven't aged as well as I like to remember them, Crazy Taxi with the
original soundtrack, Soul Calibur, Power Stone, and Soul Reaver are still a fun ride down
memory lane.
Awesome Unicorn says I never owned a Dreamcast but I did have Space Channel 5 lunchbox and
that's what really matters.
That's a fair answer.
That's a fair answer.
Dr. Sunya says I still have mine.
Maybe if there's one thing I've loved about the Dreamcast, it was the arcade ports.
Marvel vs. Capcom, Crazy Taxi, and Soul Calibur all had ports from the arcade that were not
only near perfect but had tons of extras to boot.
Several people calling that out.
Ragenator says I never got a Dreamcast even though it did appeal to me.
At the time I already had some systems in use like Super Nintendo, N64, and PS1 with
plenty of games for each so trying to afford a four system plus games was a no go.
Haseo Sumeruagawa says I never owned a Dreamcast mostly because I was seven and not the richest
family but I always wanted one to play Sonic Adventure 2 because Shadow was awesome hands
down.
Well, go to a flea market.
You might be able to get one still.
And lastly, Curlykirk replied and says I didn't get a Dreamcast when it first came out but
I eventually got one probably soon before it stopped being made but I still have one
now and love the sports games like the 2K series and Virtua Tennis.
Great answers and I heard some new names in there as well so thank you guys so much for
applying and participating with our question this week.
I'm going to go ahead and get back into news since the hosts here in studio kind of already
took on this question earlier in the show but yeah, now's a good reminder to friend
us on Facebook and on Google Plus so you can answer for next week.
Let's go back into some news.
Loki.
Alright, so I'm not surprised by this news considering how all the reviews and kind of
impressions seem to be of this game but apparently the Elder Scrolls Online, not doing so hot
and ZeniMax Online apparently has been hit with some layoffs but they're still seeing
they're continuing to invest heavily in the game and says now that we're nearly six months
post launch, we have a thriving online community in a game that runs smoothly and says that
we remain strongly committed to the Elder Scrolls Online and continue to invest heavily
to develop new content for PC players, prepare the game for its console launch and handle
our planned expansion into important international territories.
As for customer service, we continue to operate large support centers in Hunt Valley, Maryland
and Galway, Ireland but basically saying the reason why they're having layoffs as normal
for games of this type, we had ramped up a large workforce to develop a game of vast
scale and the ramped up customer service to handle expected questions and community needs
for Elder Scrolls Online launch and of course now that they don't need that so I don't know.
Maybe it is still doing okay, I'm still, I don't know, it doesn't seem like a lot of
people I know are interested in it so I have to wonder how well it's doing.
We talked about this a little bit on Hoard House this week which is, you know, a cheap
plug Wednesday nights at seven here at VOG or has its own podcast feed as well and one
thing I mentioned on Hoard House I want to mention here is that this news is really surprising
considering this is supposed to be a big console release.
This game is supposed to be coming out on PlayStation 4 and I believe the Xbox One as
well.
I remember this whole thing and so it's weird that people are being laid off in advance
of that happening.
Now, I do realize that in the cycle and development of games sometimes, you know, development
is finished before the game comes out so that people, you know, are laid off as the project
closes or whatever.
But you would think that they would, yeah, they were saying that they ramped up their
customer service and stuff for the launch of that game.
When they need that same type of thing for the launch on PlayStation 4, Xbox One or their
expectations that much lower now.
Exactly.
That's the same thing that concerns me about this is that it doesn't kind of add up and,
you know, you don't hear about companies like, you know, Blizzard and Square Enix laying
people off, you know, when the development's done because they continue to develop the
game with enhanced, you know, patches and other things.
Now, granted, those two companies I just mentioned are really big and probably have other projects
that people can be assigned to whereas ZeniMax was kind of made to make Elder Scrolls so
maybe the situation is a little different.
But it doesn't get my hopes up about the game's longevity.
They could also be just like, ah, fuck it, we'll just do it with what we got and, you
know, if it's a little bit rough, well, people are kind of expecting that.
I don't know.
Maybe that's their thought.
Maybe they just, they figure at this point that they're not making enough money back
from it that they have to kind of cut their losses.
They can't afford to ramp up employees for that launch.
And who knows when that launch is coming, you know?
Why keep all those employees around for, you know, it's supposed to be this year.
Supposed to be.
I mean, it's, I thought it was, I thought the beta was supposed to be first quarter
this year.
Like, I mean, like that thing got really delayed.
I could be wrong.
I could be mixing it up with another MMO, but I could have sworn that the Elder Scrolls
online was supposed to happen a lot faster than it has been.
EKMA JP was just adding in that Square Enix has almost all contracts and no layoffs.
Oh, interesting.
That's a clever way to do it so you don't have to, you know, announce all these layoffs
or whatever.
Interesting.
Um, let's see.
Kane shadow is in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com saying ESO hype is done and over with thankfully.
And um, you know, I, I don't know, but I also know people that still kind of really like
this.
Like I have some friends that actually do a podcast about ESOs.
I almost feel bad sitting here like poo pooing on it, especially when I haven't played an
awful lot of it, but you can't help but look at a lot of this going, I, I, I would have
bought it if it even used like the Guild Wars model where you buy the game and then
the online craze.
If they did it like they're doing destiny where you buy the game and you play it online,
that'd be fucking amazing.
But no, it's not like that.
And so yeah, unfortunately I, I just can't dedicate myself to paying for a game that
I'm not going to play.
You know, especially if it's a monthly fee, I'm, I can't see myself paying for something
that I'm not gonna play.
Do for the Minecraft server for now.
But yeah, I don't know.
I can't do that for an MMO because I just, it's just throwing money away.
Yeah.
Um, I, I, I don't know, I, I, I would hope that maybe they go to that model cause I still
would like to see this come out on consoles just because I love the idea of MMOs on, on
console.
Yeah, they did it well.
They did what?
They went free to play with DC universe.
I mean, I think that helped that, but I don't know if they're going to do that with Elder
Scrolls online.
It's a big property.
I don't know.
We'll see.
We'll see.
Well, moving on for now, cause we're just hypothesizing here, uh, moving on to something
else that Square Enix related.
This has to do a dragon quest seven.
Yes, I seven.
I know.
I know that, you know, we should be talking about 10 or even potentially 11, but uh, here's
the thing about dragon quest seven is that Square Enix has talked about this week.
Uh, Noriyoshi Fujimoto, who's the dragon quest mobile producer for Square Enix, talked to
Silicon era, uh, about the company doing more dragon quest games and that they would
like to bring the remastered version of dragon quest seven for the Nintendo three D S to
the west, but they don't think sales of the game will be high enough.
The quote here in terms of dragon quest seven, it has a lot of texts to go through and translate,
and we've received so many requests and so much positive feedback about the game, but
unfortunately we have to consider the cost and the manpower needed to handle the sheer
load of text in terms of scenario and script.
The game is probably one of the largest in the DQ franchise.
If a lot of people can buy it and support it, well, we can't promise anything, uh, from
dragon quest seven and B, excuse me, from dragon quest eight and beyond, we've revamped
the translation.
For example, we've added regional twangs like those from Baltic region sounding Russian
and things like that.
We've also updated the spells and monster names.
So any classic titles we revisit, we want to stay consistent.
That being said, when we go back and update the classic titles, we make these changes.
That's another step in the process.
Well, as you can imagine, after this quote happened, now you have Twitter lighting up
with a lot of people sending messages to Square Enix, like I'll buy it, make it happen, do
it, do it.
So maybe you want to lend your own voice.
I'm surprised there's not a change.org petition already, although there probably is one out
there, but, um, I'm sure some of you out there may be listening to this.
Maybe you want to go lend your support for this game as well.
If you think this is something that would interest you, I would check it out on, on
3DS.
Heck yeah.
That'd be great.
Uh, I'd almost like to see it more like on PlayStation now or something where I can play
it on the TV, but I'll take the 3DS, it's better than nothing.
All right.
So let's move on Dark Sakura.
Well, uh, for, I know that we've got a lot of listeners who are League of Legends fans,
so there is actually something going on with League of Legends.
Riot is re-imagining the lore.
Um, yeah, basically they've had so many different releases and different contents added on that
the lore has just been all kinds of fubar, so they're just wiping it and redoing it.
Um, there is a quote out there actually from Tommy Knox, um, who said that we look back
at the original decision, at the decisions that made perfect sense when we originally
made them, but are now at odds with our design values and ultimately limit our ability to
continually improve League of Legends.
That's unacceptable.
In such situations, we seek to aggressively re-imagine content in a way that realizes
its full potential.
So basically we done fucked up the lore.
We're going to redo it.
We're pulling the Star Wars.
Lucas sold it.
I was just going to say the same thing.
Is this, is this akin to Disney saying, well, now that we own Star Wars, books invalid.
We're actually doing this, doing this right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Although many would argue the books were plenty fine, but I understand the need to be like,
because if they do episode seven and they hadn't invalidated all the extended universe,
there was going to be so much stuff where people would be like, that can't happen because
in such and such book on page 140, uh, this character has printing.
Yeah, exactly.
Right.
Yeah.
So no disrespect to those that are fans of the extended Star Wars universe, but I kind
of understand why they had to do it for that reason that if it's like, okay, if we really
are going to kind of take control of this and you may not agree with me, but I fully
believe that control needed to be taken away from Lucas because the prequels were awful.
And the way that they're handling this is more like how the Tomb Raider reboot went
or, you know, re-imagining how Battlestar Galactica went as mentioned here in the article.
Um, so they're just trying to make it, I guess, a more cohesive story.
That makes sense.
That's fair.
All right.
Uh, I do like what fifth dream said.
Yeah.
Retcons for everyone.
You get a retcon and you get a retcon.
All right.
Uh, let's move on with some more stories then we're going to get to the mailbag.
Loki.
All right.
So I don't know.
It's Google is I guess jumping on board with, I think, um, Apple to do something very similar,
but they've refunded $19 million worth of in-app purchases or if you would call it a
guess accidental in-app purchases made by our children because you know, I gave them
my tablet and they didn't have any sort of parental controls or way, you know, gave them
my parental controls and they bought a bunch of Smurf money or whatever the fuck it is
that they're buying.
Um, but apparently, yeah, because of the, um, complaint, I guess filed with the FTC,
they've agreed to pay $19 million in refunds made, um, I guess for purchases made without
the account holders explicit consent.
So that sucks, but Google has a ton of money.
So you know what?
Uh, I don't know.
And that's why they, they couldn't afford Twitch anymore.
It's just like, it's, that's, that's pennies, you know, I got 19 million in my wallet right
now.
But I don't know, at the same time, I think that it is a responsibility of parents to
be monitoring what their children are allowed to buy.
But at the same time, I could see that maybe some people that develop apps make that stuff
a little bit too easy to purchase or confusing that kind of sense.
So I don't know.
It's interesting to see how both the, you know, Google play and the, you know, iTunes
store are kind of starting to insert the language to make the not truly free games
sound like what they are.
Not truly free.
It's interesting to see that evolution, you know, especially since, you know, gaming is
getting bigger and bigger on these platforms.
And sometimes us, us gamers that tend to tilt a little more hardcore kind of forget that.
But um, yeah, I mean, it's, it's interesting to see that evolution.
I guess it's just something they have to do right now and you know, but at the same time,
yeah, they really need to have something in place where it's just like, yeah, come
on.
Your parents take responsibility or we're going to get stuck in the situation.
You know what?
They should just enable parental controls from the start and then you have to pay 60
cents to unlock it.
How's that sound?
Lucky fucking tend to seriously that it's absolutely lame.
All right.
Well speaking of Nintendo, let's not forget that back in the day they made some arcade
classics.
One of those all time classics is donkey Kong and donkey Kong, danky, danky Kang for his
oldest.
This game is, it still ends up in, in our video game news all the time.
And a lot of this is the war over the high score, right?
We had a whole movie about this King of Kong, right?
And then this new guy, Hank Chen showed up and was like, Hey, I'm the new kid in school
and I'm going to smash all these records.
And he did.
But guess what happened this past week, Robbie Lakeman.
That's right.
A new guy has now taken the throne in donkey Kong competition.
His high score is the new world record, 1,141,800 points.
That is pretty small victory over a Hank Chen score, which was only about 3000 less.
This is kind of neat too, is that Robbie Lakeman would actually stream his attempts.
And for whatever reason, the one where he actually broke the record was not streamed,
but he did upload it after the fact.
So you can actually watch an entire four hour stream or not, sorry, not stream, but four
hour video.
Cause that's the era we live in of this dude breaking the record and you could learn a
tip or two on this 30 year old game if you would like.
So there you go.
But that's kind of neat though, that we live in that era now of like, you know, we can
watch people shatter high scores live.
Like it used to be, you know, you had to have a copy of the tape.
Somebody would have a VHS tape that they were recording to send to Twin Galaxies or you
know, whatever magazine or whatever was to keep track of the high scores.
Twin Galaxies isn't around anymore.
They relaunched as like a new thing.
It's like a 24 hour streaming channel now or something.
So do you still do all that bullshit where you got to like tape everything?
I have no idea to be honest.
I sort of think live streaming kind of negates that, but I know because they still, they
had to like, for a member back when like I was going to do, make the attempt that, you
know, trying to break the arcade world record thing for that stupid Ready Player One contest,
Twin Galaxies, like you had to record like video of the board that you're using and stuff
like that.
And it has to be like, there's no breaks in it whatsoever.
And the way you have to film it is very specific.
So I don't know.
It'd be interesting to see.
I don't know if like that would count.
Tiger Claw links the website so you can find out twingalaxies.com so you can check that
out.
Yeah, I'm too lazy to look at that.
William Murderface suggests that we need the King of Kong 2 electric boogaloo.
I agree.
Or the Donkey Kong Jr. race.
Donkey Kong 3?
Anybody?
Anybody play Donkey Kong 3?
Which was...
I did.
I tried to forget that.
When they, when they tried to turn a platformer into a shooter.
Anybody?
Alright, anyway, um, let's see, uh, we are going to, yes, Sjoan Undermat says Twin Galaxies
is under totally new management, I believe.
That is, that is true.
Alright, um, let's, let's go into the mailbag.
Every week you guys send us emails to participate at orangelaungeradio.com and Dark Soccer dives
in the mailbag and pulls out some emails that she thinks are worth reading on the program.
Yep.
We've got two weeks to build up some emails.
All four of them.
Alright, well, they better be good.
Hey, OLR crew, AZHP here.
I hear you all talking about Porter Robinson on the last podcast and how his music on his
latest album was inspired by various video games.
I thought it'd be interesting for you guys to know that Porter actually got his start
in electronic music because he was turned on to the genre while playing DDR and other
Bimani games with his brothers when they were kids in North Carolina.
They are huge rhythm game nerds and Porter frequently answers interviewers asking why
he got into making music by saying he played DDR.
In fact, I actually met his brother Nick, who now produces video content for Revision3
at California Extreme a few years ago while playing DDR Extreme reminiscing about the
good old days of DDR.
Just thought you guys would find that fact interesting considering the roots of the show.
Yours truly, AZHP.
Pretty fun to have on the show then.
Yeah, right?
P.S.
Open invite.
P.S. Porter says his favorite city in the country he's visited during his tours is San
Francisco and he wants to settle down there at some point so we must be doing something
right.
But 573 is coming up, hello.
But in all seriousness, it is really fascinating that we're at this point where this, you know,
DDR is kind of an old, DDR qualifies as a classic game of the week.
You know, it's that old and this show has been around for 12 years.
I did play something.
Now I remember why I was out.
I'm sorry.
I do remember something now.
Oh, alright.
Here's why I was out.
Now I remember.
Because I went to, I went to my brother-in-law's, well soon to be brother-in-law's bachelor
party.
Wasn't anything great.
We went to Dave & Buster's.
But I played DDR X2, I don't know, so I played a little bit of that.
But that's why I was out.
You realized you were old and out of shape.
Oh, I already knew that.
We weren't going into it.
Like I played, I didn't play, I played one game with doubles and I was just all singles,
you know, from there on out.
I didn't talk about it during my gaming week, but a friend of mine wanted to play some music
games on Xbox with Kinect yesterday, so we played Just Dance.
And I also had that whole like, wow, I'm old and out of shape moment after like three songs.
That's why, because she had to watch the kids, so I had to take the night off because it
wouldn't be fair that she had to watch the kids for two nights.
That's what it was.
Now I remember.
Well, anyway, but the fact that DDR is so old that like it's an influential game like
that.
I mean, it influenced this show, but it's interesting that, you know, you have this
generation that DDR influenced from a musical perspective.
That's so fascinating to me.
Anyway, very cool email.
Thank you.
We didn't have DDR.
We wouldn't have Just Dance or Dance Central or any of that.
Yeah.
None of it.
Hello, escorts in the realm of Podtopia.
Hi.
With all the recent talk of PT Silent Hills and the upcoming yearly Rocktober holiday
of Halloween, I'm curious what you would say is the most scary game you've ever played.
Not the best game that is scary, but the game that scared the ever living fuck out of you.
Mine is Nintendogs.
Curse you, Sinophobia.
Stay black, redertainment.
This message has been brought to you by PT on Xbox One and other things that may never
happen.
Trainer.
I remember playing Resident Evil when the dogs burst through or yeah, when the dogs
was it Resident Evil or Resident Evil 2?
Yeah.
When the dogs burst through the window, I'm like, holy crap.
And then that was it.
Because, but you saw, you've, I squealed during the PT that actually kind of, it wasn't like
a scare as much as the things that actually frightened me are like games that features
clowns and that's why I will not play Five Nights at Freddy's because whenever, if I
see an animatronic that isn't working, it freaks the ever living fuck out of me.
That is definitely a game on my list to stream.
I have a little growing list of things I want to do YouTubes and streams out of.
I will not be able to play that just because it hits like an old phobia of mine.
I mean, I might, and then I might go barf for an hour.
Don't watch commercials for the next American Horror Story either.
Do I watch TV?
They show up on Facebook, so careful.
I have adblock.
Loki, is there a game that super scared you?
No, I don't really play any of these like super scary games.
I just not interested in them.
I do have Among the Sleep.
I should play that.
That's supposed to be pretty creepy, but I haven't gotten a chance to play that on my
Steam backlog right now.
Loki and I were roommates when Silent Hill 4 The Room came out and I was playing through
that and I was like screaming and Loki was like, shut up.
I don't remember that.
I was so scared in that game that just made me nauseous and that's when you find the giant
head.
Yes.
Oh my God.
That scared the hell out of me.
But it was more, it's more when you, there's this one place where you like kind of fall
down and you land on the bottom and then all of a sudden these two headed little baby monster
start going and they like start running at you.
And I started like screaming and Loki's like, what the hell's going on over there?
Like a concerned dad.
I wasn't.
That was a polite way of saying shut up.
I would say though, honestly, the scariest game I've probably played, like scariest experience,
turn all the lights off.
Well now it's a tie because Quake, uh, with all the lights off and the headphones and
just staring at the monitor and playing Quake, that's actually super scary because the first
person and everything, especially when that game was out, you know, the graphics are a
little bit ahead of its time.
That was really scary to me because you turn a corner and then monster.
I guess the, the, well, the recently, I'll kind of, it had like a moment in there would
have been, uh, the original Bioshock.
Like there's the one, especially that one scene where you're, you know, going around
through like the, um, I think it was a lab or something like that.
And like the, this gas or, um, some sort of like line burst and like it's steamy and you
turn around and there's a guy like Santa right in front of you and you're just like, ah,
die, die, die.
Uh, but then the other one I'm thinking of.
Actually, even though this wasn't, you know, the best of the silent Hill games, I was playing
silent Hill homecoming home alone.
I actually want to play that one during a rainstorm and it was dark and there was a
scene where like the ceiling falls and all this stuff like falls down and it scared the
shit out of me.
And then I got up and I saw the front door had blown open and that was the moment I said,
Nope, Nope, Nope.
Turned off the three 60 shut the door, went in my room and crawled into the covers.
Nope.
DS night.
Didn't they, didn't they do though, um, a game based off of the ring that came out in
Japan.
Yeah, they'd had it on the Wii.
I actually, I actually want that game.
I wanted to play it, but I wanted to play like, I want like a game like that where you
die in the end, you know, cause there's no happy endings.
They had one.
Well, I don't remember if it was a rain, but they had the one, it was, God, I don't remember
these movies anymore.
It's the one that was the grudge.
Yeah.
Cause there were also a bunch of TV movies and cause the ring series just got stupid
in Japan with the Sadako 3d.
It was awful.
That was a bad movie.
Um, let's see.
Fifth dream says I couldn't play PT.
Even watching sky play freaked me out for a couple days.
Oh, live.vognetwork.com.
Oh, let's move on to the next email.
Sorry.
Next email.
Hey, orange lounge, I've been playing through divinity original sin and it's kicking my
ass.
I'm struggling.
Completing objectives is almost like getting that good grade after hours of studying for
a test.
What was the, what were the most difficult games that you've ever played that made you
rage and smile all at the same time?
Much love.
EA skeezy from Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Rage and smile at the same time.
I guess that sense of accomplishment for making it through something super meat boy.
I got that with fractal, any mega man game.
Fractal.
Mega man two.
Mega man two.
Mega man nine recently.
Oh my God.
I haven't even played, I bought that and I never played it.
Now's the best time.
But you remember when I was on my really big fractal kick?
Hmm.
Just getting into level 30 on fractal cause each level was like a struggle.
I would try for days to pass one level.
And then I was like, because me, I love my puzzle games and just being good at fractal.
And then, um, there was a one day that while I was intensely intoxicated playing on Wendell's
uh, uh, PSP that I got to like, what was it, 25 on, um, uh, great, now I can't think of
the name, that puzzle game that has Luminesce while I was drunk and I could never do it
again.
And then I was like, I have a level 25, oh, that was great.
Um, ask me this question again about level 85 and wow.
Ask me this question again about rage inducing games that you love when I lose my hardcore
character in Diablo three, especially if I end up live streaming that big moment that
I lose my hardcore character because that's going to be a table flipping moment.
How high is your hardcore character right now?
Right now I just beat act two.
I think I'm only 28 so it's not that far.
I have, I have to get to 70 but I'm, I'm playing conservative right now.
I'm not trying to push it too much.
I'm making sure I'm a little out geared, but we'll see.
I'll give you updates cause I'm really sucked into this right now.
Like that's my goal.
That's my current goal of the moment.
Destiny will veer me off track for a little bit, but I'll, I'll, I can only sit in front
of the PlayStation for so long before I'll end up back at the PC.
Next email.
Last email.
Last email.
Hi, I've been a long time listener since the live three 65 days.
I don't have too much to add, but I do want to thank you for all the hard work you guys
put into your show.
I really do enjoy listening to the different perspectives of the events of the gaming industry
and I was looking forward to hearing from you three or sometimes four or five.
You get the idea.
I hope all is well and take care.
And that's from needle crash.
Oh, is that no question?
Nope.
Just a nice wow.
Happy email.
Well, that's awesome.
Thank you.
I love the happy emails.
Thank you.
And while you have been listening to us for a long time, you know what's funny and you're
still here.
I've been randomly meeting people at Dragon Con even this happened and just through some
other events where people are like, yeah, you know, I've never really emailed or called
or said anything, but I've been listening since the live 365 days and I'm like, well,
nice to meet you.
Thank you for showing up.
I'm always just blown away by how long people have been around.
I wouldn't know what we're doing because it doesn't feel like we're really doing much,
but I guess we are.
I think in some ways, not to get too sappy on you.
It's not what we're doing.
It's what we're not doing.
That could be part of it.
I think in some ways, it's like that bar cheers, right?
Right.
It's the old 80s sitcom cheers.
Does that mean I get to sit in the corner and drink beer?
You are definitely Rhea Perlman.
I would be Ted Danson.
Loki's Kirstie Alley.
No, no, no.
No, no, no, no.
You are Norm.
He'd be our Norm.
He'd be Norm.
I would say Rama's more the norm because every time, every week when he calls, Norm, Rama,
right?
But anyway, all that joking aside, I think it's this place and we've tried really hard
to build a welcoming place, like no jerks allowed, right?
A welcoming place where we can just sit around and talk about video games.
And even when I don't agree with you guys, and there's some of you guys in chat that
I disagree with an awful lot, you know who you are, but I respect you and I respect your
opinion.
And I think the fact that we all respect each other in that way and have helped create that
environment has helped the longevity of this show in a way you guys can't even imagine
because we don't tolerate that disrespect.
We're not going to allow that type of environment because that's what's going to make people
not want to be here.
So and if you'd rather participate quietly, then that's cool too.
Just know that if you ever want to speak up, we're here to listen.
Every gamer has a voice.
And it might be mine.
It is yours an awful lot, but we love you.
I'm the one reading the emails unless I have, you know, laryngitis or something.
And those are the days when I sound like this.
Hi, this is Jamie, you're listening to Orange Lost Radio.
Now you sound like one of those anti-smoking commercials or something.
I sound like the tracheotomy cow.
You do.
You do.
Actually, I sound like one of the Simpson sisters, Marja sisters.
Patty and Selma.
Patty and Selma.
I love Patty and Selma.
All right.
Yeah, that's it.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com is the place where you can send us an email.
And if you want to send a very kind email like that one was, then you know what?
Those emails really make my fricking day.
So I appreciate that you even take 30 seconds to type that out.
If you want to send an email that says, fuck you, you fucking fuck, then I'll read that
too and then hit delete.
And then we'll laugh.
No, but again, I, I don't always agree with some of the opinions, but I respect them.
As long as you're, I like things that as long as you treat respectful discussion, yes.
As long as you treat people respectfully.
That's all I care about.
Sometimes we're going to get heated here in the, here in the room.
We've all had, we've had the dark soccer and I have gotten into it.
Dark soccer, Loki gotten into it.
I've gotten into it, Loki, but we all respect each other a ton and more and more every week
that we still are.
And then Rob buys Mass Effect 3 on Wii U.
You only, you only said that cause Shane walked in.
I know, but it's funny, Shane, did you hear what happened earlier in the show?
I bought, I bought Mass Effect 3 on Wii U because it was $13 on Amazon, but, but, but
I own it.
Shane, Shane, no one can hear anything that he's saying.
Shane said you could have borrowed mine for free and figured out that it's garbage.
But now Shane, now you don't understand.
Now Shane, I own Mass Effect 3, every single version or Mass Effect.
You don't sound like Harvey Fierstein.
Shane, come here and get on a mic if you're going to keep talking.
We're doing a show.
You're talking to everybody else.
I was just saying, why did you buy that when we need to buy cables for iPhones and we could
have combined the order.
Why?
Porque no los dos?
I don't understand Mexican.
Get out.
Okay.
You know what, apparently I sound like Aunt Slappy and Aunt Slappy sounds like an old
Jewish woman.
All right.
I'm, I am falling more and more into the stereotype of my adopted culture.
All right.
I'm no good at saving money.
Let's go to the FUs of the week.
You ready for the FUs of the week?
Here we go.
I am surprisingly good with my lot in life right now.
The only things I have to say about FU is people who don't know how to support their
ideology without using fallacious arguments.
Therefore I have decided that henceforth, anytime I disagree with somebody, I'm just
going to point out how the argument sucks and how they've actually spouted a logical
fallacy and tell them to talk to me when they can actually debate.
Like we learned how to do in school.
Is that similar to how on Twitter I have a policy where if people try to troll me with
that messages, I just respond with a RuPaul's drag race gift?
Kind of, but like for example, it's like, Oh, well marijuana is a slippery slope to
this and that.
Slippery slope arguments are considered fallacious.
I need something with numbers and proof behind it.
Maybe they just need to smoke some weed and chill out.
This is like, um, you know, I don't, I don't do marijuana for the record, but I don't care
if you just used, uh, an emotion, emotional reasoning instead of logical reasoning.
I want you to rephrase that using proof.
All right.
Loki, your review of the week.
You know what I say?
It's snow covered mountains are slippery slope.
It's factual.
Especially when you go sledding and they're extra slippery.
Is that your FU of the week?
No, I guess my FU of the week would be, I have nothing to do at work.
I guess I could be looking for work, but it feels a little wrong to be looking for work
at work.
But since they're like, well, they're training people like on the new system, but I'm not
one of those new people that they're trained on the system.
And then, then apparently they're keeping a couple reps from our Dallas office for some
reason.
I don't know, but they wanted to keep some outside reps instead of paying for one rep
to be in our Folsom house, but whatever.
So I've got to get them up to speed on my accounts, but they don't give a shit.
So fuck it.
I don't give a shit too then.
So I guess I have you to my boss and his boss for not fucking writing my rec letters or
recommendation.
Like I asked you, I fucking asked you like weeks ago.
And then I reminded you again and you still haven't fucking done it.
I'm only asking you one fucking thing.
You can't give me a job, but the least you can do is fucking write me my goddamn letter
of recommendations.
So I can apply for other jobs.
What a mess.
I hope you get through that quick.
Logie.
Oh, well, like a couple more weeks or a few more weeks.
So 30th, a few comments in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
Rama says marijuana is a slippery slope to me having an empty fridge.
You know what I said?
What?
It's a slippery slip to Benadryl for me since I'm allergic and then that's a slippery slip
to naps.
Lots of naps.
Uh, SSG100 Matt says what Jamie needs is for people to show her the receipts for their
arguments.
So people are actually buying their arguments or something.
I think it's a reference to the Whitney Houston.
I want to see the receipts.
According to the market on an argument.
So sales.
Hello.
I'm here to have an argument.
Oh, this is abuse.
All right.
Do I get to do my FUs of the week?
Here's my FUs of the week.
All right.
Yes.
Remember that whole thing about respect and all that.
We all love and respect each other.
Put that on hold for a minute.
Put that on hold for a minute.
Shut up lady.
My FU of the week goes to everybody with the exception of code man and fifth dream.
My hype.
My high five.
F you to everybody who made fun of me for buying Mass Effect three on the Wii U.
I'll do what I want rod buying Mass Effect three on the Wii U is like me having cheesecake
for breakfast.
Well, I'm a grown up.
What's the fucking problem?
I'm a grown up.
Exactly.
I'm a grown up.
It's like as Gordon Modesto for Duncan.
All right.
Team adult.
We know how to adult.
Just a few more stories for you guys and then your calls at one eight seven seven game OLR
and then, and then the week after that we go to San Francisco, just go to hot cookie.
And then after that we go to LA.
Just go to Disneyland.
All right.
Calm down.
Calm down.
Put the car in park.
Uh, one eight seven seven game OLR or username on Skype, orange lounge radio.
All one word, but first a couple more stories for you guys, uh, Loki.
So Sega is locked in a courtroom battle with gearbox, um, regarding aliens, colonial Marines
and some more.
Um, I guess testimony came out, um, on September 2nd and regarding, you know, how gearbox handled
the majority of the marketing of the game and, um, basically said the significant level
of public relations, the anatomy and was demanded by the studio and to, you know, the TLDL of
it is, um, or I messed that up.
The TLDR of that is, um, basically gearbox president Randy Pitchford just did whatever
the fuck he wanted.
Uh, according to, uh, say guy just, just did what he wanted and, you know, uh, advertise
the game however he wanted.
And so they're blaming him for the fact that the game didn't quite meet what they were
showing off at E3.
And I don't know, it's a drama, a whole bunch of drama.
No shortage of that in the gaming industry these past couple of weeks.
I mean, I think right now they're trying to distance the fact that yes, it was gearbox
that, you know, cause this game to suck and not Sega because Sega does have another aliens
game coming out in like a month from now.
So they probably want to establish that, yeah, it wasn't us, it was them.
So that people buy that game.
I think they've distanced enough from it.
A lot of the, a lot of the people I think are pretty good about knowing that it's a
different thing.
That's the impression I get anyway, especially, especially when you've got Sigourney Weaver
and some of the DLC, that's a pretty, pretty big land, you know?
Yeah.
So, all right, well, uh, I got one more thing for you guys here and it has to do with a
possible competitor to Steam and Origin.
Another challenger enters the ring, and that could be Warner Brothers, now keep in mind
this is all rumor, however, Warner Brothers filed a series of trademark applications this
past week for something called WB Play, covering things like, quote, online retail store services,
quote, audio and video broadcasting services, and quote, entertainment service.
And also, quote, downloadable virtual goods.
So hmm, very interesting.
Warner Brothers has used Steam and Origin in the past, but possibly they're going to
come up with their own thing.
Uh, again, you have to really tinfoil hat this an awful lot, but it's not like we haven't
seen companies kind of try to do their own thing and try to have that central, you know,
hub for their stuff.
You know, Ubisoft has one, EA's got that whole pass online, well, and they have Origin, right?
So well, yeah, and it can go one of two ways.
I mean, it could be like Uplay where their games are offered on Uplay and they're offered
on the Steam store, or it could be like Origin where their games aren't usually offered on
the Steam store, it's just on Origin.
So hopefully it's more like, you know, Uplay, but I don't know.
Warner does some weird, having worked in the industry with Warner Brothers on the movie
side, they do some really strange shit, and then they turn around and do some other strange
shit and it just keeps going on and on like that, and even if it doesn't make any fucking
sense they will keep sticking with it like, oh, they're going to sell direct to everybody,
oh, they're not going to sell direct to everybody, oh, they're going to do that again, oh, they're
not going to sell to, you know, distribution, they're going to just, you know, limit rental
windows, oh, they're not going to do that.
It's just like, ugh, I can't follow what they're doing anymore.
Um, so, I could see them doing this, whether it's successful or not, but they're going
to stick with it, and if anything, they may do this just for, you know, not only games
but movies as well, you know, have a platform where they can digitally distribute their
products.
Well, now, WBPlay is going to be something because the domain name, wbplay.com, it was
registered back in 2013, but they're not doing anything with it right now, so clearly something
is going to happen with this, and, gee, the launch of Batman Arkham Origins would be a
great time to kick the wall down with launching something, especially with the Mortal Kombat
10, or Mortal Kombat X, excuse me, just around the corner as well, so, you know, 2015 would
be a great year for Warner Brothers to make a move in that department.
I'm all for competition, but at the same time, Origin was, I don't like the whole, like,
required thing, and yes, I realize Steam started this way, but Steam's been around so long
now that time and an epic amount of Steam sales have really healed a lot of things.
So I just hope if Warner Brothers is going to do their own thing, I just don't want it
to be mandatory.
Make me want to install it.
Do something that's going to make me want to get on there and use the service.
That's all.
That's all I want.
Is that a fair request, Loki?
Yeah.
All right.
Speaking of Steam, just a real quick update, they did do a client beta update that does
some in-home streaming, I guess, optimizations and some updates for AMD, so some more video
cards supported there for the in-home streaming support, so stay on top of your Steam beta
updates if that's something that's of interest to you.
All right.
Now we're done.
We're to the calls.
So let's open it up.
Skypline is open right now, 1877 Game O-L-R, or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
And in the meantime, I'm going to get to the Twitters, because I know we had a few Twitter
topics tonight.
While I bring up Twitter, does Loki have any last minute stories he wants to cover?
Uh, no.
Really?
It's like Borderlands 2's coming to Linux.
That's kind of cool.
Oh, that's cool.
I don't know why this was even news anywhere, but apparently, yeah, the new 3DS models,
they're region-locked as well.
Really is that a shock?
Because the original 3DS and 3DS XL were region-locked as well.
What made you think they were going to all of a sudden change their mind on that?
Although honestly, if it wasn't region-locked, they might sell a few more systems, but yeah.
I have the reasons.
If the new 3DS was not region-locked, I'd buy one in a heartbeat.
Anyway, let's go ahead and go to the phones, because the phones are lighting up.
Let's get to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, what's up, guys?
This is Kaijuto.
Hey, Kaijuto.
What's up, buddy?
I got to put my two cents into the new 3DS, and also I want to let you guys know about
a news story that I think that you should cover maybe later that I haven't really seen
in the news.
Okay.
So I'm going to try to make it all quick so you can get to another phone call.
The 3DS, I'm pretty much convinced that everything about the new 3DS is to fix whatever
everybody felt was wrong about the current 3DS.
If you think about it, the faster web browser, like Loki mentioned, a lot of people complained
about that when the 3DS came out.
Also, a lot of people hated the fact that I never had this problem, but people were
saying, if you look too far off to the side, you lose the 3D, and what do you see now in
the new 3DS?
It's like you can tilt it a little further, so that means that more people can stand around
you at the bus stop and watch you play your 3D game.
The thumbsticks, which I mentioned before, the extra shoulder buttons, which makes it
sound like they're making it for hardcore gamers, so-called hardcore gamers.
The SD card slot, that's another thing that people wanted, and hopefully with all this,
they'll bring back picture chat, or whatever the hell that thing was called.
Oh, the swap note.
Yeah, swap note, yeah.
That would be great.
They're willing to bring that back.
Is that why there's going to be a 60 cent lock on this maybe with the parental controls?
That actually-
I wouldn't doubt it.
Huh, interesting thought.
That's a good thought, and here's where I stand with the new 3DS.
As much crap as we've kind of been giving you here, especially over the name and things
like that, ultimately, golden rule, we've said this before, our system is only as good
as the games that are on it.
All I'm hearing right now is that, oh, we're going to get Xenoblade, which was already
done on the Wii and have already played, so that alone is not enough to convince me to
replace my XL, which works for the 3DS library just fine.
Some of these other features, they all sound good and cool and things like that, and yay
for the people that don't already have a 3DS, but eh, I can play my 3DS games just
fine right now.
I'm not going to-
A lot of fans, a lot of fans of the current 3DS, I mean, it's almost like they pretty
much heard people's cries and they fixed them.
Obviously, that's not their main reason.
Their ultimate goal, of course, is to make money, but yeah, to me, I applaud them for
doing it because I think that they're actually listening to their fans and trying to correct
the mistakes.
Y'all know that the, what the hell is it, the 3D XL, whatever the hell it's called,
I mean, people were complaining about the screen being too small.
They fixed that.
It seems like they just seem to make the 3DS for everyone.
People hated the 3D, you got the 2DS, you know, it's like, you know, I think it's a
good thing.
I don't know if I'm going to buy it anytime soon, but it's a good thing.
See, see, wait a minute.
At the end of the day, I'll try to put cynical Rob aside and say, you know what, if Nintendo
is really listening to people, and I really hope you're right, that this is what they're
trying to do, is they're really trying to listen to people, that would be fantastic.
I do hope you're right in that regard.
I'm a little skeptical if that's really the case, but I would love it if it is the case.
I'm almost sure of it.
All right, let me get to this real quick and I'll let you get to a call.
You guys got to find out about what's going on with CraftBucket and Minecraft.
I know that, Loki, you used CraftBucket for your server, right?
Yeah, I did.
They kind of already explained what went on with that.
It's just that I guess the original dev or whatever doesn't want to work on it anymore,
and apparently it was purchased by Mojang at one point, and so they're going to continue
development on it, at least for 1.8, internally within Mojang, and they're going to release
that at some point.
And I don't know where Minecraft's officially supported mod singing works into it.
I can only hope that, I mean, fuck, I'll switch over to whatever they have if it, you know,
supports what I want to run on it.
So we'll see.
You know, it would be nice to have one unified thing that I don't have to wait for, oh, CraftBucket
to update to support 1.8, you know, because right now I'm on 1.79.
I don't know.
I hope it's better.
I don't know, man.
With Mojang, I mean, it took them a year just to come out with 1.8.
I mean, I know it's a big update, but it took them a year.
Those guys have proven to be super slow.
I don't know what the hell they're doing over there drinking goat milk or whatever the hell,
but they don't seem to do things on time, and they changed their mind, because I remember
back in 2011, we were supposed to get the mod API, and all of a sudden, I didn't know
where we got runs, which doesn't make any sense to me.
They're doing a lot of tweaks, though, to the game.
I saw kind of a development article about how they're redoing their calling engine for
it and stuff to make it a lot faster, because remember, you know, if your chunks aren't
loading or whatever, you can see kind of in the distance and see all these different caves
and stuff that are down there, where now that's all going to be culled out so that your CPU
isn't trying to render shit that you're nowhere near.
So I think that's great, and they were doing that for the Pocket Edition, I think, mainly,
but I'm sure they can apply that to the regular edition as well, and that only means better
performance.
I kind of wish they would move out of, you know, using Java for everything, but I mean,
that's just the way the game's built, I guess.
It would be nice to see some sort of, you know, boost for, you know, having a nice graphics
card and stuff like that.
I don't know, I just don't really see that with their client.
But I'm hopeful once they do get the mod API support out there, and once, you know, maybe
even if, you know, CraftBucket gets updated to 1.8, it doesn't matter that they're, you
know, not getting every single little update, it's just, you know, you can fill the gaps
in with a lot of stuff that, a lot of the mods that they have on there.
I kind of wish that they would have, you know, like, Forge support where you can make your
own, you know, characters and, you know, stuff in there, like, that's really what I wanted
to have, is like, was it CraftForge or whatever, I forget how they, I don't remember what it's
called, but basically...
Yeah, SpoutBucket, Craft, all types of Craft.
Yeah, it's like so many different, like, offshoots of, you know, Bucket, you know, of like, SpoutCraft
or something like that, where you can, you know, combine, you know, Bucket plug-ins with,
you know, just the, all this user-generated stuff, you know, new blocks, new enemies,
new all sorts of things, that would be pretty awesome.
But honestly, if they make it easier to put stuff in there mod-wise, at least on a server
than they have with Bucket, because Bucket is kind of a pain in the ass sometimes, I'm
all for that.
Yeah.
It's glitchy, it's buggy as hell.
I mean, I have a server on it, and, I mean, I'm always, like, you know, having to remove
something and putting something back in, downgrading, upgrading, it's a mess, so I'm what you're
saying.
All right, well, Kaijuto, buddy, I'm gonna let you go to get some more calls, but have
a good one, and thanks for the call.
Good perspectives.
All right.
Later, buddy.
All right, 1877 Game OLR, our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio, if you'd like to
give us a call.
Meanwhile, I'm reading some Twitter topics, so I wait for another call to come in.
Alan Alchemy tweeted us earlier today, saying, another OLR challenge for me, all three hosts
play Hatoful Boyfriend for How Is Your Gaming Week.
Loki will say no, in parentheses.
I want to do it, I want to check out this game for sure.
I will say no, because I don't have money to buy that game, and honestly, I don't need
yet another game in my backlog.
What if Alan gifted it to you?
It looks silly, but I don't want it.
I don't really want it.
It's not my type of game, yeah, it's funny, it's pigeons and birds and stuff, it's a dating
sim, it's hilarious, but I think it's just going to get old so fast, like once you get
past that joke, it's just whatever.
Will Jamie play it?
Hatoful Boyfriend, Dating Pigeons?
I've already played it.
Oh, well then-
Not the new one, but I've played the old releases.
You should play the new one, and tell us which they are.
Well, maybe I will.
All right, we'll see.
Anyway, we're going to go to the phones again.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this?
Hey everyone, this is Norm Peterson.
Hey, Norm!
Hey, everybody.
What up, my friend?
Not much, not much.
Did you appreciate that comparison?
Oh yeah, and the funny thing is, I was about to shout in the chat room, that's me, before
you said it.
You know what though, to be fair, there's a lot of regular callers to OLR that I feel
rightfully share the title of, Norm.
You're very good at getting through first or second, though.
I actually gave you a shout out on one of the panels, and I don't even remember, it
was because we were talking about just creating that kind of environment, and I actually asked
the room, I asked the room, I said, how many of you guys here listen to OLR?
And a good chance, I was surprised, I was like, wow, a lot of the hands actually went
up.
And I said, could you guys imagine an episode of OrangeLoungeRadio where Rama doesn't call
in?
And I got a resounding, no!
So I'm a ratings bringer!
Something like that, something like that.
I thought you would appreciate that story.
What's on your mind, my friend?
Well, I just wanted to make sure I got everybody's orders correct, so Rob, you want three bags
of pumpkin spice latte, Jamie wants a dozen donuts, shrink-wrapped, freeze-dried sent
to her, and Loki wants a large black coffee, right?
Loki doesn't drink coffee.
No, this is vacuum-sealed, that way they stay fresh.
Okay, that's why I was calling the order back over to make sure I had it correct.
I want pumpkin as well.
Loki wants you to knock this shit off, that's what he wants.
I don't know, no, I think it's fantastic.
I will be fighting Dark Sakura for those donuts, but she'll be fighting for the coffee, so
it'll work out.
Rob, you are such a consumer whore.
And how?
I just bought Mass Effect 3 for the Wii U, that's my fourth copy of Mass Effect 3, take
all the shots you want tonight, I don't give a fuck.
I know you don't give a fuck.
There's shame in your game, Mr. Rob Roberts, and for that, I salute you.
You know what?
Support the games you love, right?
I don't know.
Oh yeah.
I got nothing.
I got nothing.
Well, what's on your mind, buddy?
Was it just to check the order, or what's your game been like the past couple weeks?
We didn't have a show last week.
I actually picked up the Lego Movie video game, and it's been pretty fun.
Oh yeah?
Yep.
Everything is awesome?
Everything is awesome, everything is cool, and you're part of it.
Let me stop.
Let me stop.
If I start seeing that, I'm gonna hang up, turn on the PS3, start playing this game and
realize it's time for me to go to bed.
Shit, it's six o'clock in the morning.
I got 45 minutes.
That ain't happening.
Rama, what's coming up on Anime Jam Session this week?
Oh, actually, we don't know yet, because Marco hasn't gotten the outline to me yet.
I usually don't know until Monday, so...
Well, shoot, here I was trying to let you have a plug, but...
I know, and I appreciate it, but you know how the saying is, good help is so hard to
find these days, you know what I'm saying?
Yeah, no, I understand.
Well, look, I have OLR show rule done about two hours before we're live, so you know,
I know how it goes.
Exactly, yeah.
Tacking Melly Rob that morning.
Loki, the other week, Loki had his stories in at four o'clock, and I was like, Loki,
God damn it.
All right, but anyway, we make it work.
All right, Rama.
No, no, no, no, hold on, my stories were not in at four o'clock.
Not this week, but a prior week.
No, that's true.
It was like three weeks ago.
But usually I get it before that.
Yeah, you're okay.
All right.
No, they work hard.
I was like, I took a nap before four o'clock today, I know for a fact that those stories
weren't in.
The joys of producing a podcast.
All right, Rama, I'm gonna let you go to try and get some more calls.
If you really do do this donut thing, you're so awesome, I can't even...
I'm not gonna do the donut thing, but remember, I did do the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge.
I called all of you out, but you don't have to worry.
Act Def is taking one for the team, because remember, he does work for the site.
I don't have ice or a bucket, so that's not gonna work.
I ship you a bucket, sir.
Mr. Bucket?
Mr. Bucket?
No, I would like to continue to do things to support the MS Foundation.
It's kind of my charity of choice right now, so I'm gonna try and put some things together
with the Hoard House guys for that.
But I think what you guys are doing is fantastic.
Yeah.
All right, I'm gonna let you go, buddy.
Take care.
You too, man.
Stay black.
You too.
Bye.
Bye.
The bucket of advice right now sounds pretty good.
It's kind of warm in here.
I'm gonna make sure the AC's on or something.
You guys fill time while we wait for another call at Orange Lounge Radio on Skype.
Um, words.
I really have no idea what to say, because I have a 10-hour day tomorrow.
Sounds like fun.
I did sign up for it, but I have an extra day off.
So my goal is to have something playable in my game by episode 573.
That's my goal.
Really?
Yes.
I am back, by the way.
I turned the AC down one degree.
For you guys, I can spare the electric bill for one degree.
Let's see.
Looking at some other comments.
Again, if you want to give us a call, 1-877-GAMO-L-R or username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio,
all one word.
Flaco Jones sent us a tweet.
Since you took the week off, I hope you can still touch on this story.
I'm looking forward to Loki's reaction.
And the story that he posted was about, and this is from the official Xbox news wire,
talking about the Xbox One standalone Kinect sensor will be available in October.
It will be bundled with Dance Central Spotlight, which came out while we were out as well,
and it will be available at retailers for $149.99.
Did you hear about that?
Yeah, I did.
A little higher than what I was expecting for retail price.
I don't think anyone's going to buy it.
No, seriously.
I mean, look at who you're targeting this towards.
You're targeting it towards somebody that wanted to buy an Xbox One system because they
thought having Kinect in there was too expensive, and so they wanted to spend $100 less.
And now you're telling them, oh, spend $150 on a Kinect that you probably don't want in
the first place to play, what, a game that you didn't really know about from the beginning
that you wanted to have Kinect for?
I can't think of any game that's coming out for Kinect that would justify spending an
extra $150.
I can't think of anything.
I'm sorry, Fantasia, while it's probably a cool game, is not fucking worth another $150.
Nor is Just Dance, nor is that Dance Central game that they're putting out on it.
Yeah, it's like, I want to play Dance Central Spotlight, but not $150 bad, you know?
It's really too expensive.
The only thing I see that this is a positive is if this works on PC as well, because the
PC one that they had, which I don't know if it was a dev kit or something like that, was
$200.
Jeez.
So it's just ridiculous.
It's a good way not to, I guess, if anything, this being out there makes maybe the Xbox
One with Kinect a slightly better value if you really want Kinect, but honestly, you're
probably not really going to want Kinect, because look at their track record.
What have they done for games with Kinect?
Has there really been anything that innovative for it?
No.
I feel so bad for Harmonix, who's so invested in that.
Harmonix is the Kinect right now.
You know, with the Disney Fantasia and the Dance Central Spotlight, I feel so bad for
them in a way.
Well, props to them that they have some really good software on there, and to be fair, the
stuff that they do have for Kinect, like Just Dance, I'm guessing, is pretty good, and Dance
Central was fun, but it's almost like buying a Wii U at that point, you know?
Why am I going to spend this kind of money for two games?
Well, there's more than two.
I understand that, but I'm saying it's the equivalent of like, you know, why am I going
to spend this kind of money for a couple games, and potentially in the future, I don't really
know what, other than another Just Dance game, I mean, really, what else is going to be coming
out?
Another Kinect sports game?
Does anyone give a shit about that?
No.
What about another Star Wars game where I can do the Han Solo?
All right, look, I've got to get back to Twitter topics.
All right, Jason says, on the subject of rebuying the same game, I have three copies of Titanfall,
360 physical, Xbox One digital, Xbox One physical with limited edition.
Thank you, Jason, you get me, you get me, even though I don't know if I'd buy three
copies of that game.
I do have at least one, so, but at least you get me.
All right, SGA100Matt says, could the scum bar from Monkey Island become an official
Lego set?
It's possible.
And he links us to an article from RetroCollect.com.
Loki, you're the big Lego fan around here.
I don't, well, I don't know if you still really do those with the kids, but I would think
that's a fun activity you could all do together.
Would you be interested in a scum bar from Monkey Island?
I wouldn't pay for it, but I am sure it's one of those cousteau things.
They have, like, was it the Back to the Future one looks pretty cool, and every time I pass
by those Minecraft ones, I'm like, eh, maybe, but no, Legos are too damn expensive nowadays.
I'm sure they were just as expensive when I was growing up, but it seems like it's like
what you get for your money is just ridiculous, and I have so many Legos as it was.
I do have the Hogwarts Express, though.
I have a few of them.
I should bring one of those.
They're little tiny Hogwarts Express Lego things.
So I've got some of those, and Star Trek Enterprises, which I gave you one of those already.
But yeah, I don't know.
Last call for phone calls.
1-877-GAMO-LR.
Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio, all one word.
I will be closing it here after one more tweet from Dar Tetsuya, who says, thoughts on the
new Mario Kart 8 DLC coming out between now and next year.
This happened during the week we were off.
I'm glad you brought this up, because this was some big news.
Hopefully we can have more game nights with the new tracks.
So if you guys haven't heard, Dar Saket, this might be of particular interest to you.
I don't know if you saw this, but they announced for Mario Kart 8.
There are going to be two DLC packs, and they're already pushing this shit in the game.
In the game, they show up on the freaking character select screen.
I gotta say, as much as Nintendo does DLC very well, the way they sell it is kind of
shameless.
The fact that it's right there in front of you in the game, and you just have to push
A to buy it or whatever.
But anyway, the stuff that's in it, one pack will be a Zelda themed pack.
There's going to be four Hyrule tracks, and four, I guess, retro tracks, I think.
And the characters will be Link, and I think it's Cat Peach, and then Tanooki Mario, I
believe are the racers.
But then get this, the second DLC that comes out in early 2015 is an Animal Crossing pack.
And you get the villager, and Isabelle.
And there's another Mario related character, I can't think of right now.
But then four Animal Crossing themed tracks.
I know, it's weird.
But didn't they have something that looked like F-Zero in there?
They did, I think somehow the blue racer, Captain Falcon's little racer from F-Zero
was going to be...
Or actually, I don't think the four tracks are all Zelda themed or all Animal Crossing
themed, because I swear to God in one of the screenshots, it looked like it was Mute City
or something was going to be one of the tracks.
Which, fuck you, cocks, for fucking teasing me like that.
I don't know, I don't know whether to love them or hate them.
Hate them.
Alright, I'll hate them.
Hey, I turned my back.
I think it's cool that they're having DLC for it, I think it's reasonably priced.
I wish it was coming out sooner, because it's just like taking a look.
I turned my back and the phone was lighting up, I want to get to it, but I want to read
this comment from MacDeft as well.
Isabelle is going to be my new favorite Carter, I agree, mine too.
Although right now it's all about Wendy Okupa, it's a close call.
Anyway, hi, you're on Orange Mountain Radio, who's this?
Hey guys, it's Jason.
Jason, how you doing buddy?
Pretty good.
I just wish that my train that was supposed to be here ten minutes after the show started
was here.
Oh my gosh.
Yeah.
Oh no.
Yeah.
It's been quite a night.
It's fine.
I was going to get in in the mid-afternoon, get into Chicago in the mid-afternoon tomorrow,
and this delay means I'll get there right around the time I have to be anyways, so you
know, no big deal.
Well, what's on your mind, buddy?
We miss you here in California, buddy.
I wanted to expand a little bit on the tweet, and there was something that Loki was talking
about earlier that's actually relevant.
Not only do I own Titanfall three times, but I also own the, holy hell, what's it called,
season pass for both the 360 and the Xbox One as well, and I was so, so, so close to
buying it on the PC as well, but I figured that'd be mildly excessive, and I'd play it
not at all, so I didn't.
Well, did somebody just break a dish there in the background?
No, I'm walking around on the platform, it's the garbage being chucked out behind me.
Okay.
So wait, so wait, why all the copies of Titanfall?
I bought it on the 360, so as I've mentioned on the show before, work has Xbox Ones, which
exposed me to Titanfall in the first place, and I got super addicted to it.
I got home and I bought it, naturally.
And then after I went back out to San Francisco and continued playing even more there, I finally
decided to take the leap to get an Xbox One, so I did, and that answers the second question
of why the second copy.
The limited edition was just because the two-scale, like, what, three-foot high Titan figure is
kind of gorgeous, actually, so much so that I don't even want to take it out of its box
and haven't.
So, you know.
Well, I guess that's fair, I guess you got a little something extra with that collector's
edition.
Yeah, that was very explicitly sought out because I'm very much looking forward to this
game and what they continue to do with it, and I'm just having a lot of fun with it,
so much so that I haven't paid any attention to Destiny, and I'm pretty sure all of the
multiplayer matches on Titanfall are just going to kind of, like, disappear on Tuesday.
Nah, they won't disappear, because there's going to be some people that aren't going
to be able to drop the 60 bucks right away on, you know, Destiny or whatever.
And so the thing I was going to, I was saying that was mentioned earlier in the show, was
that it would not have been a big deal, this sounds so foolish for me to hear myself say
it, and it always has whenever I have this conversation, the thing that's ridiculous,
the reason why I bought the Xbox One for Titanfall, despite already having another 360, is because
my Xbox One pilot was leveled three times higher than my pilot on the 360.
And those, even just those, like, I wouldn't be torn up if I couldn't play against Xbox
One players and multiplayer, but the fact that the pilot stats don't transfer between
both systems is completely absurd to me.
That sucks, and you know what, all that stuff doesn't really transfer in Mass Effect either.
Your Galaxy rating does, but that's about it, but yeah, I hear you, I like it way better
when there's, like, a cloud save or something like that.
Real quick, I wanted to say about Titanfall and the multiplayer matches, PC you shouldn't
see affected too much, because Destiny's not coming out on PC.
A lot of people forget that that's, for some reason, Bungie, Activision not deciding to
release there, which I thought might have been, like, maybe a piracy thing, like, they
were just afraid the game would get pirated to hell, but because it's so online-enabled,
that would be a hard thing to do, so I'm kind of curious why they are omitting PC.
I guess it's got to be a keyboard and mouse versus controller thing, I don't know, maybe
it'll be later, I don't know.
Yeah, I mean, Grand Theft Auto, has Grand Theft Auto V actually hit PC yet?
I know that was super delayed.
No, and we actually talked about that way at the top of the show, a little bit, a little
bit, just because, like, you know, we know that the Xbox One and PlayStation 4 versions
are supposed to come out some, at some point, so.
Yeah, it's, it's very interesting, all of these shifts that are happening, and the fact
that...
You still there, buddy?
Jason, you just dropped.
You know, the, the, we had such staying power when the, yes, yeah, that happens.
Okay, yeah, sorry, your audio, your audio's cutting out, buddy, I'm gonna let you go.
I think you just hung up.
All right, bye buddy, if you can hear me.
All right, always appreciate having Jason calling to the show.
DarkStalker, you're, you're heading out of here, right?
Yeah, I got work.
Okay, so, final thought.
I got work.
All right, bye.
Bye.
All right, actually, we are gonna start to wrap things up here in studio, because when
you have a call with tech problems, that usually says, end the damn show already, and we are
running a little late tonight, it's almost 930 here on the West Coast, but hey, that's
what happens after a week off at OLR.
I wanna thank all you guys for listening to the show tonight, downloading the show, checking
it out, or listening live, however you're participating, thank you for being a part
of our family here.
Again, I wanna encourage you, if you liked what you heard here at OLR, please help us
spread the word, tell a friend or two about the show.
I met some folks at DragonCon, actually, and one came up and introduced himself, and the
other said that my friend got me into listening to the show, and I said, oh, well, then a
gold star for your friend, because he did what we asked, so I really appreciate that.
Tell a friend or two or five about our show, help spread the word about Orange on its Radio,
we really, really appreciate it, and yeah, we'll keep doing what we do.
Next week, we will be back here, live in studio, Jonas and Diego will be back next week.
They were here about a month ago, talking about the teabaggers, which, yes, is a thing,
the big anime game room.
They had SAC Anime happen, since Dark Soccer didn't make it to SAC Anime, we're gonna hear
about that whole thing from them and how that went, and what's next on their agenda, I don't
know what con they're doing next, but it'll be fun to have them back, and we'll talk to
them about what they're playing.
Destiny's out next week, whole lot of talk gonna happen about that, at least for me,
I don't know about my co-hosts, but I know I'm gonna be playing an awful lot of that
next week.
We'll see if I buy it or not.
Alright, we'll see, we'll see.
Well, meanwhile, it's time to go around and get everybody's final thought.
Loki, your final thought tonight?
Working more on my game this week, and so, hopefully, I wish I get some progress, it
seems like every time I get somewhere, it's like, ah, crap, gotta redo that again.
So I'm hoping, now that I kind of, while sitting during the show, I was kind of outlining
what I need to do for rotating stuff, and it looks easy enough, so I'll write that up
tonight and test it, and hopefully it works, and if it all works, then the next thing I
need to do is add into my editor stuff to do level creation, because right now it's
kind of catered towards building, like, parts, and not, if I were to build a level with it,
it'd take fucking forever, so I gotta fix that.
Alright, and my final thought is, building on something I said earlier, respect.
If we all had a little bit more of it, I think, things would not be so fucking dramatic sometimes,
so think about that for a little bit.
But I know most of you guys that listen to this show all have a pretty good mindset and
are all very respectful, and for that, I appreciate you guys for keeping our family
strong here at Orange Lounge Radio and The Voice of Geeks Network.
Thank you guys again for another great week here of OLR, we will see you in seven days,
until then, happy gaming, and I have my fingers in my toes crossed that Destiny will actually
work on Tuesday for all you guys, but if it doesn't, that's okay, I'll just level more
in Diablo 3.
Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of Orange Lounge Radio or Vognetwork, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
See you next time.
