Orange Lounge Radio
Blizzard Hosts, DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
This week, two massively multiplayer experiences are fading away.
Sony announced that PlayStation Home will be shut down next year, and Blizzard revealed
that their next MMO, Codename Titan, is no more.
The news is not all bad, and we'll tell you about it right now on the show, where every
gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, live on this Sunday night, September the 28th, 2014, with episode
number 569 of our program.
That is right, it has been 500 shows since the infamous episode 69, where Techmaster
Loki right over there did karaoke with Karaoke Revolution and sang, in fact I just got a
tweet about this earlier this week, where somebody said, I cannot listen to Gloria Gaynor
did that song right?
I'm Coming Out.
I cannot hear that song anymore without, was it Donna Summer, I don't even know.
I cannot hear that, thank you DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
I cannot hear that song anymore without hearing Loki actually singing the changed lyrics in
my head.
I'm sorry.
You've ruined music forever.
Yes, I think as soon as I open my mouth to sing that song against my will, yeah.
Alright so what, what'd I do?
If we're tangled, can I be Flynn Rider, alright, and I don't know why they're not hearing you
for some reason.
Are you?
How about now?
Yeah, you weren't talking into it I don't think.
Maybe.
Alright, well, you know it is a live program.
We have all those live problems.
So of course we do tape live every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock
Eastern.
The Voice of Geeks Network, vognetwork.com right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
My name is Rob Roberts and as introduced a moment ago, she is DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Yep.
And he is Tech Master Loki.
Yep.
Welcome back to the show by the way DarkSakura.
Thank you.
I know you've been extremely busy with all your cubes and techs type of things that you
do.
So hopefully things are calming down a slight bit for you.
No, they're not.
They're not at all.
But you're here.
But I'm here.
Well, I had also worked like 37 hours and three days right before that and then had
worked that morning.
Came home, passed out, woke up with a raging headache and no voice.
So it's a bummer because you missed, you missed a fun show last week.
I don't know if you had a chance to hear it yet, but we had the general manager, Mike
from Jackbox Games was here.
It was kind of a fun little party game reflection episode with you don't know Jack and Fibbage
and all that stuff.
It was a good time.
As they say, c'est la mort.
I know it happens.
It happens.
Uh, but you, well, we have some, we have at least one more interview coming up.
I'm trying to get a couple others for the end of the year.
So don't, don't get sick anymore DarkSakura cause you don't know what you're going to
miss.
Okay.
But, but, but, but you know what?
But what?
They gave us pizza at work and it was awesome.
I don't know.
Pizza.
Pizza.
Sorry.
Pizza.
Mr. Loki, how have you been?
I've been okay.
Yeah.
So I'm trying to break an addiction.
Okay.
I know where, I know where we get into, how is it down the pipe?
I know we're getting to how is your gaming week a little later in the show, but this
is too good.
You have to tell us about your latest addiction.
Oh, it was just, I'm pretty, I think I'm over it.
I even cheated just to try to get it over with quicker.
But um, I, I unfortunately ran across one of the random articles that were floating
around on a bunch of different websites talking about a game called clicker heroes sitting
at work.
You know, this is at the point they've already shut down our system.
I literally can't do anything.
I'm like, I'm going to sit here and program on my computer.
Oh wait, what's this article clicker here is okay.
I'll play this for a second.
Oh, this is kind of like cookie clicker.
And three hours later that was that.
And then I come home like, okay, that was so that was fun, but I'm not gonna play here.
Click click click click.
It's like, it's like, God damn it.
No, I'll play it for another five minutes.
And yeah.
And they were like, see, cause the game plays itself when you're not playing it.
Yeah.
So I was like, oh, I'm just going to check in and see how much my clicking's going when
I'm not there with my auto clicks.
Yeah.
That cookie clicker shit's addicting.
And it really blows my mind that they don't have an official iPhone app.
I mean there's like 10,000 knockoffs in the store and I'm sure this is the same thing
on Android.
I just happened to be a iPhone user myself.
So I see that there's like 10,000 of these cookie clicker clones and, and, and then all
this other crap too.
Like the one that I've played will advertise for sushi clicker, which you just tap on.
It's the same fucking thing, but it's just sushi.
And then like all this other lame crap too.
This one's a little bit different because you're not just like tapping to like generate
stuff.
You're basically killing monsters.
And so each monster has certain HP and every five levels you get a boss monster that you
have to kill in a certain timeframe.
If you're not, you don't have enough DPS going into it.
You have to almost sounds like theater them except theater them set to music.
Yeah.
Uh, and so if you don't have enough, um, you know, DPS and damage with your clicks and
stuff, you have to kind of grind a little bit.
But um, you know, the game will play itself when you're not playing it.
And um, yeah, and they just get kind of addicting, I guess.
Going to some of our comments in our live chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
Ssj100matt says, I know people who have laptops solely dedicated to cookie clicker, just constantly
running.
Well, see this, you don't even have to have it constantly running.
You can save your game if you want.
And then when you don't want to play it, you just close it and forget about it and come
back like later on.
And cookie clicker did the same thing where even if you're not there, the auto click still
clicks for you.
I thought that was the thing.
Oh, I don't know.
I don't know.
Anyway.
Uh, and then an anonymous chatter in our chat room says, I'm surprised Loki isn't addicted
to all those weird clash of clan esque games.
No, I keep seeing the stupid advertisements on like my Reddit app on my phone and stuff.
And uh, I was showing my son, uh, angry birds today or not angry birds, uh, flappy bird
because he thought it was funny to tap the button once and watch the bird head plant
into the ground.
So he just did that like for about five minutes.
But uh, yeah, it just keeps seeing the advertisements for the clash of clans things and not, there
was like, was I was picking him up from, um, Oh God, from, uh, his like, uh, my gym thing.
It's like kind of this thing where they go and play and stuff.
But the people that were there, like the people that watch the kids and stuff we're talking
about is it?
Yeah.
I'm a total gamers.
Like my clans doing this stuff and I'm like thinking, Oh, you've like play call of duty
or something.
You know, I'll play clash of clan.
What's the, all the, all the ads I see for that fricking game, it kind of actually turns
me off.
I don't know.
It's like the same reason I don't watch game of thrones or breaking bad or whatever.
Other TV show gets super hyped up because everybody always talks nonstop about how amazing
these programs are.
And it just, I don't know.
It's just, it's that inherent two year old in me that just goes like, well then no, no.
Like every time I've tried, every time anyone said, this show is awesome.
This is awesome.
And I've sat down to watch it.
I've been like bored now.
Yeah.
Except for supernatural.
And then I don't know why, but I start, you don't know what you've done.
What did tiger call it?
You just ruined so much productivity.
Oh, somebody asked in the chat, what game is it?
And tiger call linked at clicker heroes.com.
Oh no, I said it.
Save yourself.
Just don't do it.
Don't click on it.
Orange lounge radio, ruining lives, ruining lives.
Uh, Brad from pod culture says, doctor who?
That is one of the shows that despite all the hype, I will still have to bring myself
to watch at some point.
Cause I did watch a little bit of it and I did enjoy it.
I've seen some ninth doctor, but I've been watching it since I was four.
Have you watched a lot of the new ones though?
I didn't think you were on top of the new ones.
I just haven't been watching this season yet.
Just because I've been too busy and haven't had time, but that's okay.
Cause that means you can binge watch it later if I feel like it and bringing bad is actually
supposed to be pretty good.
I've only watched the first couple of seasons, but it wasn't that great.
The first couple of seasons by here gets really good and there's only a finite amount of shows.
So when you're done, you're done.
I mean, it's not like game of thrones, which is still has new several seasons coming or
you know, a doctor who breaking bad bored the fuck out of me.
I try not to watch new shows because then they get canceled and I get really pissed
off that I invested myself into these shows that end on these cliffhangers.
But because I like Batman, I did watch Gotham this week, which for me is like a really big
deal that I sat down and I watched a TV drama.
I never do that, but I did watch Gotham this week and it was, there were things I liked
and things I didn't like, you know, I didn't, I didn't hate it as much as a lot of people
on Twitter sure seem to, but it had some issues including 5,000 cameos that didn't need to
all be in the first 30 minutes of the show.
But okay, it's a pilot, it's trying to get people in, let's see what happens in the next
week or whatever.
But anyway, we're not here to talk about TV, we're here to talk about video games.
So let's start off with a kickoff topic and then we'll talk about our gaming weeks.
This week's kickoff topic, auto invoke a lot of memories.
We like walking down memory lane for our kickoff topic and believe it or not, we're celebrating
this week a gaming company that turned 125 years old.
That's right, Nintendo is the company that was founded September 23, 1889 by Fuzajiro
Yamauchi.
Nintendo, of course, they haven't been making game consoles since 1889, but similar, you
didn't have game consoles in the 1800s, but you did have playing cards and that is what
Nintendo started with.
They made specifically Hanafuda playing cards and I'm sure if you've read up on Nintendo,
you know this, that that was where their past was.
Or if you were a big Ranma fan, you know what Hanafuda is.
They also did some Disney cards when they had an agreement with Walt Disney because
Disney was also or is also really big in Japan.
So that type of partnership does very well.
Playing card sales started declining in the early 60s and then they eventually, I didn't
even, I did not know this about Nintendo, they had a taxi service and a love hotel chain.
What?
I didn't know that.
Awesome.
That is awesome.
That's good.
Those are, those.
They still have love hotels in Japan.
But the, but the love hotel is an IP that Nintendo needs to bring to the Wii U.
That should be the name of the next console, the Nintendo love hotel.
Love hotel taxi, playing card.
Anyway, and as we all know, obviously Nintendo eventually got into gaming technology.
You know, they had the game and watches and eventually the Famicom came out and I think
y'all know what happened from there.
So yeah, there it is, 125 years of Nintendo.
I thought I'd go around the room and just ask, you know, what, what is a favorite Nintendo
memory of yours?
Do you have a favorite Nintendo memory?
And for me, I mean, Nintendo is really the reason I'm probably into video games as much
as I am.
Granted, I started on Atari 2600 and Commodore 64 after that, but Nintendo really seemed
to kind of penetrate the marketplace in a way that those other two things hadn't, or
at least pop culture maybe, and that's probably, you know, thanks in big part to games like
Super Mario Brothers and Zelda that were so iconic that created characters that a little
yellow box in adventure on the 2600 just couldn't really do in the same way.
So you know, everybody at school was talking about Zelda and it's like, I had to have a
Nintendo entertainment system.
And so I got good grades.
My mom said she would buy me with Rab, not going to buy you a Nintendo because it'll
get bad grades, but Rab, if you get straight A's, I'll buy you Nintendo.
So I got straight A's and I got Nintendo.
You just convinced her that, hey, then, you know, there's that Donkey Kong teaches math.
You're right.
Yeah.
Right.
Well, she kind of knew that was a line.
It's edutainment.
Keep in mind, I already had a 2600 at this point, a Commodore 64, so she already saw
how games would ruin me.
But I got good grades and got my Nintendo and, you know, it actually, despite all the
bullying that I went through when I was younger, Nintendo was kind of the one thing that sometimes
kept me cool, meaning like even the bullies who would make fun of me in my face when they
would see me alone later would be like, so like, where's the fourth level in the second
quest on Zelda?
And you know, of course you want to be nice so you don't get bullied anymore.
So I'd tell them, do the video game tips and that kind of helped keep me afloat for a little
while in school.
So thanks Nintendo for making the bullying a little less severe in elementary school
through deep knowledge of your games.
Jamie, what's some Nintendo memories from you?
Um, trying to get my mom out of my room so I could play it.
It's like, mom, this is mine.
Mind you, my mom had me at 17.
So imagine the age gap, right?
My mom was a twenties, thirties year old gamer.
She played everything.
So I'd be like, um, mom, I'd like to play my Nintendo now, please leave private time,
mom, private time.
I want to beat this level now.
And so, and a cutthroat, uh, Dr. Mario, would you play Dr. Mario with your mom?
Not with my mom, with my little sister.
Oh really?
Cutthroat.
I was really good at that game.
Meaning the loser gets operated on and I just, I don't know cause it was, it was sort of
like the whole girls don't play games like, yes we do.
Shut up.
So I, I was just, it was my thing.
I, my friends all had one.
I begged and begged and begged and I got one and the rest was history.
I'd already had my Coleco vision though.
I liked my Coleco vision.
Uh, Loki, any Nintendo memories from you?
I just remember when I got mine, um, you know, my parents got it for me.
Everyone else already had one and I had a Coleco vision with like 47 games, which my
dad got and see, here's the things like, he's not really a gamer, he says, yes, but
you were the one that owned a Coleco vision system with all the, all the possible accessories
you can fucking get for this thing and like 40 some games for it.
Yeah.
You weren't a gamer.
Right.
You know, and my grandparents too, they had, uh, like an Atari 2600, I wonder if they still
have that.
Um, so I don't know, maybe they got it when he may have actually purchased that stuff
and, um, you know, they were clearing everything out, you know, back, back during the crash.
But anyways, they got it for me.
Um, I remember it was running, uh, the legend of Zelda when I got it and they had set it
up in my room.
And so first three games I had were the legend of Zelda breakthrough and bubble bubble.
And that was awesome.
It's funny you guys talk about like your parents being involved with the gaming because mine
were so disconnected from gaming.
Like my dad, even though my dad was kind of a nerd, he was always way more of a computer
nerd and I don't think he really understood video games as much and he didn't really like
they got in the way of his TV watching.
So it'd be like, get off the TV so I can watch the news or whatever it is.
Well, that's the thing.
It's like after, you know, you have those systems, like you kind of just, I don't know,
I guess he got out of it or something.
Yeah.
And then my mom, she was always, I don't know, she, she thought it was stupid and the only
stuff she would like to play and do remember, and I've told this about my mom on the show
before, she would never touch the controller.
Like the controller was diseased to her, but she would enjoy playing things like, um,
family feud, jeopardy, wheel of fortune, or she would bark at me what to do.
So we would play wheel of fortune.
She'd be like, all right, spin the wheel.
And then if I landed on a bankrupt, she'd be like, you didn't spin it the right way
or something, you know, or whatever.
Let's push the button.
Yeah, exactly.
Right.
All right.
Guess an E. And then, you know, then I would, I would guess the answer to the puzzle.
She'd be like, how do you know that you're cheating.
So anyway, that was, that was some of my memories.
Uh, look at our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com, uh, dark Tetsuya says, I grew up on the NES
around the time when it first came out.
I was with my uncle at the time.
I'll never forget the first time I saw him playing super Mario brothers, uh, SSG at 100.
Matt says, my mom would sneak into my room while I was asleep in the middle of the night
and play Tetris and super Mario brothers.
My mom can still out speed run me and super Mario brothers.
That's awesome.
Um, Visaya925 says, Nintendo made gaming popular like Apple made smartphones popular.
Uh, definitely that pop culture phenomenon, I think in, in a way, uh, that those two things
kind of have in common.
Um, Dungeon Busters says, I remember someone bringing a dot matrix printout of the companies
that were making games for the NES.
I called up Vic Tokai's office to find out more about their games and the guy who would
probably come straight from Japan answered the phone as best as he could in English.
Um, Loco Poco says, I remember being a huge TMNT fan and my parents got me a super Nintendo
just for Ninja turtle tournament fighters for my birthday.
I have the Japanese version of that one.
And Tiger Claw says, remember the time when you had an NES and this was way before the
internet, you read through some gaming magazines looking for codes or buying a VHS tape that
contains some gameplay tips and codes.
One of my questions was in Nintendo power once years and years ago.
One of my tips was in Nintendo power.
Was it really?
It was the, uh, mega, uh, how to get through mega man three with no life bar where you
know how to do the double jump, the extra high jump in mega man three, where you have
someone hold the other controller and hold a left and right at the same time.
Well, if you jump down a hole while you're holding that, let go and then hold it again,
you'll die.
And then you can jump back up out of the hole and you have no life bar.
You have to use special weapons the whole time.
But if you touch it, you know, a life thing, then your life will fill up and it's over.
But you're basically a undead mega man.
I think, I remember my question was about the game legacy of the wizard, which I don't
know if you guys have ever played this on the Nintendo entertainment system, but it's
fucking hard.
That game was really hard.
And um, it was a kind of like a side scroller adventure game, uh, where you played all the
members of a family.
Like you could even play as their pink pet, which it made sense at the time.
Just roll.
It looked like Kirby, honestly, like they had a pet Kirby.
And that game was so hard.
And I think my question was something about what were the key, what order do you collect
the keys?
Because it was, Oh my God, that game was so hard.
Like looking back on it, like I don't think I ever beat it the right way.
I think I had to use cheat codes to do it.
If anybody else remembers that game, you probably know what I'm talking about.
But Nintendo used to be very good at answering all of their fan mail.
Like I probably wrote Nintendo like five letters over the years.
And every time I got back, like it was, it was definitely like a form letter, but the
middle portion, like somebody would write that would respond to whatever my question
was.
And then it would be like, you know, in the future, consider calling our 900 number for
game hotline tips.
This is cheaper.
I've done that a couple of times actually when I was a kid, I asked permission.
My mom specifically said, you cannot call the 900 number.
Why don't you write them a letter?
Yeah, I, I, yeah, I called the nine number number once and that was because I bought
a used copy of star tropics without the manual in it.
So I was unable to dip the envelope in the water.
And so I was like, I can't figure out what the fuck I'm supposed to do here.
You know, it says, dip the envelope.
I don't have an envelope in my inventory.
I don't know what I'm supposed to be doing here.
And then so I had to call them up and they're all, well, you just have to dip the envelope,
you know, in the manual, you know, and I'm like, well, I bought the game used at a flea
market.
I don't know exactly what they were trying to, and they're like, alright, code six, seven
67.
So I thought it was seven 47, 47, an airplane, seven 47.
So, so yeah, I had to do that.
I was like, sweet, I can be the game now.
It's like the ancient form of copy protection and how to, how to prevent used game sales.
Nintendo was onto it.
Well, I don't think it was to prevent used game sales.
I think it was just, they just thought it was a cool thing in there and you know.
Do you now?
Yes.
Do you now?
Cause I don't know.
I mean.
Why haven't we seen star tropics come back?
Cause that was a pretty awesome Nintendo game.
It was, you know, and there was a star tropics too.
I know, but it was on Nintendo.
It was like the next to last.
So does revenge.
That was like the next to last game on the NES.
I'm surprised we haven't seen like, I mean, wasn't that a first party Nintendo game?
Uh, if not first then second cause Nintendo in house.
That would be awesome to see like that dude come back for like smash brothers or something
like his yo-yo type thing or something.
I'm sure he's an assist in one of the games or something.
He's gotta be.
Maybe, maybe it was second party though.
It might've been, did H A L H A L do it?
It may have been.
But then again, they did smash the first ones.
I don't know.
Hmm.
Anyhow.
Um, so there you go.
Nintendo turns 125 this week and here's to 125 more if the Wii U doesn't bankrupt you.
Toast.
Just kidding.
I'm kidding.
So question though, what was your first video game system?
My first very first, including computers that play games, Atari 2600, which I think the
family had bought one for my brother and I would have been like one or two, but I sort
of inherited it.
What was the first one you played?
The first one I played was Atari 2600.
Okay.
Yeah.
Uh, the first game was combat for sure.
Probably combat and Spiderman.
I know what mine was.
What?
Magnavox Odyssey 2.
Nice.
Playing the, uh, what was it?
The, the legend of the four rings or whatever it was.
Yeah.
Playing that.
We forgot the board game.
We just played the little video game.
And what was your very, very first game you remember playing?
Logie?
Me?
It was definitely on the ColecoVision.
Um, I remember playing the Smurfs game a lot.
Um, dude, my dad was totally a gamer cause he bought all these like stupid ass systems,
like the action max.
He bought the fucking action max and I played the hell out of that, especially if they had
like the little, uh, like trailer for the other games that are in there, which was also
playable.
Um, but like, God, he had that too.
So I don't know.
I don't know what his problem is now.
It's like, Hey, so I don't play any of those systems too hard to control.
All right.
So from gaming's past to gaming's present, let's talk about how is your gaming week?
We always like to check in on what everybody's playing just to sort of see what your frame
of reference is and maybe if you have any reviews on new things you've played recently.
So we always check in at the top of the show with how is your gaming weeks?
Dark Soccer, how was your gaming week?
I played Final Fantasy 14 a little and I played some Mass Effect a little and then I, um,
actually we do have a new game in the house that Dan paid 125 bucks for.
What?
Yeah.
Um, Outrun 2 SP for the PS3 or PS2.
Yeah.
The PS2, which is supposed to be the best version of Outrun 2 you can get as far as,
you know, the sound quality and everything being complete and having all the animations
from the arcade version.
And it's a little dated looking, but it's still really freaking good.
Why so much?
Was there just not a lot of copies made of it?
I have no idea.
It's maybe, yeah, I guess maybe it was a limited run.
That is an import, but, um, he's been a happy boy.
It also supposed to be like have like some of the best support for the, uh, driving wheels.
Oh, is that something he puts in his little rig with the, he doesn't play it on this rig.
He plays it with his leftovers that he built just hook up to the TV.
Oh, gotcha.
Um, and he's, uh, really been, it's got like all kinds of like unlockables for different
music and everything and you can get different cars and it's really crazy.
And I was like, why did the later versions of this suck so much?
Because like, for example, and this is a minor thing, but like when you pick magical sound
shower, right, you get magical sound when, before the next thing loads, but it actually
finishes saying magical sound shower when you pick the name and then goes forward.
It's like, and it's like, like the animations, like the, uh, shuttle blasting off into space
on one of the endings, whereas it's just sitting there.
Um, but yeah, Outrun 2 SP is supposed to be pretty, it's, it's pretty, pretty worthy.
And it was, it was a really nice, smooth game.
And then he's got this other one that's, um, basically it's Outrun, um, the original Outrun,
uh, recompiled to work, um, on a PC.
So it will run like widescreen layouts and everything.
And I don't remember what it was called.
Um, it's not called Outrun something, but it's something else.
But, um, popcorn, I think.
I don't remember.
But anyway, um, but, uh, Dan's been like, the house has been nothing but Outrun music.
I'll come home, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo.
Every time I come home.
Well, it's good.
I mean, it's good to spend that much on a game, you're going to get your money's worth
out of it, right?
So actually play it.
That and I think the cat's fascinated by watching him drive.
Midna's like, the fuck are you doing?
Is Midna destined to become Toonces, the driving cat?
I don't know, but she's like, she'll like rub up under his legs while he's, you know,
using the pedals and everything.
And then she'll just sit there and go, daddy, why are you turning the thing?
So she's just crazy.
So yeah, that's been my.
And then I, one thing I noticed you didn't mention was your Hataful Boyfriend stream
on Tuesday.
Oh yes, yes, yes, yes, I forgot.
Cause I even tuned in for some of that.
Hataful Boyfriend, I'm doing basically, I'm playing Hataful Boyfriend on Twitch TV.
I actually made a Twitch channel for OLR, for me on OLR, so it's DarkSakura underscore
OLR.
Um, and I'm just playing Hataful Boyfriend, I'm dating pigeons.
This week, actually Tuesday, I will try to be on, hopefully around five, cause I'm gonna
do two playthroughs and I'm gonna go for the Psycho Doctor ending.
If you want to see what happens to our poor girl by trying to romance the doctor.
My question is, do any of them talk like the pigeons from the Animaniacs?
No.
Damn.
Although one of them is crazy and obsessed with pudding, and he apparently can't speak
proper English, but everyone can understand him.
Or proper Japanese in the game.
He just says, coo, and then they translate everything, his name is Oko-san and he's crazy.
He likes pudding.
I did my second date through, I dated Oko-san.
Good times.
So that's been, your Tuesdays basically.
I've been dating pigeons.
Alright, awesome.
My husband's okay with it.
Alright, Loki, how was your gaming week?
You actually played things, not just the clicking heroes or whatever.
Yeah, not just the clicky hero thing, but no, I actually did play Road Redemption because
it was something I backed on Kickstarter.
It's a Unity game that's sort of like a spiritual successor to Road Rash.
The only problem is it runs like shit on my laptop, and that's no fault of the game.
It's the fault that my laptop runs games like shit.
So yeah, I mean it was fun.
It's just, it kind of chugged because I didn't drop the graphics settings down too much and
I kind of blame Unity a little bit because, you know, their descriptions for the different
graphics levels are pretty vague, so it's hard to tell.
But it looks like it's going to be a pretty fun game.
You just, you kind of play it like Road Rash and then they have different little events
that you do and stuff, so it's pretty cool.
The only thing I didn't like about it was kind of the shooting controls because you
can actually get a gun and shoot in the game and that was a little difficult to actually
manage to do that, so I don't know.
But it's fun.
And it's on early access if you didn't back the game, so you can check it out.
Alright.
Let's see, my gaming week.
A lot of similar stuff from the previous weeks.
I haven't played a lot, a lot of new stuff.
I will mention that one new thing I did play, I played the Final Fantasy IV, which isn't
really a new game, but it is on Steam.
And I think I talked about this briefly last week that, you know, it would be my like seventh
time buying it if I bought it on Steam.
Well, of course, you know I bought it.
And I actually did a livestream myself later on Monday night.
It was pretty late Monday night.
I did a stream of that for a little bit.
And originally my whole goal was that I was going to stream a little bit every week until
I beat the game.
Well, you and I and everybody else know that's not going to happen.
And a lot of that is probably because I'm a bit of a perfectionist and there were some
things that came out in the stream.
I was like, oh God, it's like totally, the sound isn't right.
So anyway, I might end up doing that with something else later on.
But Final Fantasy IV is, it is the iOS or DS version on your PC, probably best experienced
in Steam big picture mode where you, you know, can use like the 360 controller and all that,
which works very well with the game.
Otherwise, I guess I would say it's one of those things where maybe if you're a younger
listener of OLR and you've never really experienced this game, like, you know, you just, you miss
the boat when the Super Nintendo version was out and you haven't really ever picked up
this game.
And I think the story in this game is really good still and holds up very well.
It might feel a little cliche to you, but just keep in mind that, you know, Final Fantasy
IV is an older game.
And I think, I think it's one of those things where I think to truly appreciate, you know,
where RPGs have been and where they are now, Final Fantasy IV is definitely worth a look.
And this is a, this is a fair way to experience it.
I don't think this PC port is the best version of it.
I still think the PSP one was my favorite, but, um, it's, it's not bad.
I'm surprised they haven't, um, remade, and maybe they have, cause I haven't been paying
attention, but they haven't remade, uh, the Dragon Quest games in kind of the same lore
fashion.
It's happening on, um, iOS because they just released, funny you bring that up, they just
released the first one.
The mis- misnamed one, what was it?
Oh, Dargon Quest.
Well, they, that was, I think seven that they did that.
But like the original Dargon Quest just came out, like that was a big thing they were just
hyping up like in this past week or two.
Sounds like my first RPG that I played that is my, well, aside from, I don't know if you
consider, Zelda's more of an adventure game, but you know, it was the first like RPG I
kind of played was Dragon Quest.
I wouldn't be surprised at all, actually, if Dragon Quest, Dragon Warrior, I guess over
here.
Yeah, Dragon Warrior over here.
I wouldn't be surprised at all if that does hop over to Steam, um, because you know, Square's
kind of been milking the Steam thing lately and especially with the 13 ports that are
coming now, I think they realize it's, you know, it's, it's extra money.
So why not?
I mean, this isn't Square, but, but, but, but Microsoft or whoever, I think it's Microsoft,
it was like a first party, second party game.
Lost Odyssey, please.
Yeah, uh, Mistwalker.
So it's not Square, it's people that used to be with Square, but it's not really Microsoft
either.
Oh God, I don't care who it is, please.
Yeah.
Or a sequel, man.
I would be all over that.
I know, I know.
Me too.
I still need to finish the first game.
I know those feels.
Uh, otherwise I've been playing a lot of other stuff.
I've actually played some more Diablo 3, of course I've been playing more Final Fantasy
XIV, more Destiny, I hit level 20 in Destiny, um, and, um, Destiny is such a complex game
to talk about because there's so many things I really, really, really love about it.
And the game is so much fun, especially when you're like able to play with other people.
And even by myself, I have fun doing the little patrol missions and so forth.
But then on the other hand, there's the, like the way you level up after level 20 is 100%
based on loot.
And there's a stat on loot called light.
And the more light your character has, the higher your level goes.
So it's so stupid.
I hate it.
I really hate the end game in Destiny and how you level up past 20.
I don't have a nice way to put it.
It's, it's really awful.
And that isn't me being a stick in the mud thinking like, oh, well, you know, because
every other RPG in the past has worked this way.
This one should too.
I'm all for them doing something different, but like I've literally done all these like
missions and strikes and bounties on the planet and so forth and I get these drops and I have
yet to get to level 21 or even see my bar move.
Like I'm not getting any gear with light on it.
So it's, it's really frustrating.
Now granted, I know there's a patch coming and we're going to get into some of that later
in the show.
Some of this stuff is fixable.
I mean, if they fixed Diablo three, they can fix this, but it's just as it is right now
today.
That stuff kind of makes the end game and destiny like really not fun.
Now wasn't destiny supposed to be a game that they're going to be carrying out for like
10 years or something like that?
Absolutely.
Can you actually see that happening?
I mean, actually, well, maybe not 10 years, but I could see through DLC, they're going
to probably do at least squeeze another good year out of this through the two DLC packs
they're planning on and then, you know, they can still drop in patches and events and so
forth and support the game for a few years.
I think can the destiny mythos or whatever last 10 years?
Yeah, they'll probably be a destiny two at some point or something, you know, but I,
this game by itself for 10 years, I, I don't know.
That's an awful lot of DLC and I think some of us would expect bungee to kind of do something
else, especially maybe after the lukewarm reception this game has got.
But again, I go back and I pointed Diablo three, everything that that game went through
and now Diablo three is a, I love playing Diablo three.
It's so much fun.
Uh, I, I still play that to this day on PlayStation four and PC.
Um, so you know, if Diablo three can fix itself, destiny can too, which is so weird that we
live in this, you know, coming off this old school Nintendo topic that we just had, you
know, you couldn't fix a game after launch like that back in the day, but now it's like,
it's just part of what you expect.
It's so interesting how those day one patches have really changed things tremendously.
I don't know.
It just seems to me, maybe it's just my, uh,
Rose colored goggles, I guess.
Um, but it seemed like a lot of those like old Nintendo games, man, they were pretty
polished.
I mean, granted, I mean, there's some pretty big bugs and they're like, you know, blaster
master, all the exploits you can do by pausing the game and grenades and stuff like that.
But it ended up being coming, coming part of the game.
And I don't know, I just looked so fondly upon that stuff.
It's like, you know, everything, almost everything that came out, it's like, Oh, this is going
to be a really great game.
Well, can be not every single game, but like, you know, there's a lot of really great games
on there.
It's just, I don't know, destiny to me, it seems like it's, don't call this an MMO, even
though it's kind of like saying, you know, don't say this is on rails, you know, for
fable.
It's, I don't know.
It's just kind of a weird looking game.
Uh, I like that term mingle player I think is, is appropriate, but it's again, this,
every problem that I had with fantasy star online is almost exactly what is the issue
with destiny.
Although at least a fantasy star online credit, there was none of this ridiculous, like post
level cap junk being driven through gear.
Like there is, I mean, the loot system in PSO was sadly better than it is in destiny.
But you know, I, I feel like there, I mean, we have news coming up later about destiny's
doing a patch.
That's going to fix a lot of the problems like in the coming weeks.
So I'm not interested until you can feed mags and turn them into Opa Opa.
Uh, I'm, I'm hoping you can feed your ghost or change.
I mean, it seems like you can change your ghost because it's one of the options.
I mean, I don't know if anybody's seen where you can actually change the ghost or if that's
coming in a future, um, expansion, maybe that's just something they're leaving room for, but,
uh, yeah.
Uh, no Opa Opa, but you're probably no Opa Opa, uh, link in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
Uh, let's see.
The seg agrees with me saying light is stupid.
That's right.
Grats on 20.
Now the real struggle begins.
Yeah.
I have to beat the game.
That's the other thing.
I haven't beat the game yet.
I'm still, I still have like a bunch of missions to do on Mars.
I just got to Mars and I hit low.
You better get your ass to Mars.
Right.
Get my ass to Mars.
Uh, Visaya 9 25 says the leveling is so long.
It drives me bonkers.
Some of the strikes take forever.
I wish we could actually talk to other people.
The game feels so empty.
Yeah.
You know, when I do strikes with friends, that's no problem because you can voice chat
with other people, but, um, bungee made a conscious decision to disable voice chat
in destiny and they're getting some shit for it, but it's very interesting to see them
say that basically, and this is their reason for doing it is that they said, you know,
we had, um, voice chat on in halo and we saw what toxic things were done because of it.
So we made a decision to shut it off in destiny.
And there's a part of me that kind of goes, well, that's kind of rad actually because
people are real dicks on the line sometimes.
That makes sense.
And I'm glad I can't hear them.
That makes sense.
And a death match type situation where, you know, okay, you might wash it off, but this
is more like an MMO where it's more co-op.
Yeah.
You don't really need voice chat in a death match.
You probably need voice chat in like a co-op type situation.
I mean team death match, I guess you can be doing some like, you know, strategies.
And people still find ways to troll people even with no voice chat.
Like I was walking around doing earth missions and I was doing some stuff.
Some guy just walked by me and punched me in the face, like, cause that's something
you can do in destiny.
You hit the trigger and it throws a punch.
So some guy just walked by me and punched me in the face.
Is that what we do to people now?
Is that, is that how we say hello?
Hey, Loki, let me come over and say hello to you.
How you doing buddy?
And I play a woman character.
Didn't your parents ever teach you not to hit a girl?
Anyway.
Cause we fucking hit back.
Well, I did try to hit this guy back actually, but then he ran away.
So I shot him.
But, but that doesn't do any damage.
You can't actually shoot other players.
Well but you can throw a grenade and grenades do do damage.
So I did contemplate that, but I was like, you know what, no, I'm going to move on.
I did.
I did.
All right.
Um, they have been talking about though that they're going to do like an opt in voice chat
thing where when you play online, you can opt into voice chat.
So
you've got these clans and stuff that you've made up.
The clan support is terrible in destiny and that's another thing they need to fix.
Like we have a VoG clan and it's awesome and I encourage you to join.
The only problem with said VoG clan is that there's nothing in game that shows me who's
in the clan and if you're online or not, cause I'd love to run strikes with all of you, but
not all of you are on my friends list.
So like why isn't the clan list in the game right next to your friends list?
I mean I think even Halo did that.
So that seems like a really weird decision, but whatever, whatever.
All right.
Uh, anyhow, let's see.
Dungeon Buster says, yeah, my fem Hunter was trolled, but I jumped into orbit and that
was that.
Uh, Viziah says, I love the teabagging and PVP or maybe they should limit the speaking
to a few seconds so that the crap talk is kept at a minimum.
Oh, that would be kind of awesome that like, you know, the more you prove yourself, the
longer you're allowed to talk.
That's going to be awesome.
All right.
That's enough about destiny for now cause I have a story coming up on it later.
We'll get into it then.
Or if you talk, you put down your weapon or something like that.
Right.
So while you're talking, you can't shoot.
Oh, that'd be neat.
We'll see.
We'll see.
All right.
Anyhow, uh, let's move on.
I think that's pretty much it for my gaming week.
Uh, so I did play a couple other little things like I did like crypt of the necro dancer
one night and I was playing eight bit boy on steam the other night too.
But uh, I'll talk, I guess more about those games at length at a later date.
So let's get into our news right after some housekeeping.
Uh, we, uh, are on Facebook of course, facebook.com slash orange launch radio and Twitter, twitter.com
slash O L R and Google plus google.com slash plus orange launch radio.
We're also on YouTube at username orange launch radio and you should subscribe and check out
our episodes when they're released on YouTube because that's a great archive to go back
and visit past episodes.
It's a building up there on YouTube and YouTube's on everything you could watch.
You can watch O L R on your TV, although you're really just listening to it because
it's a radio show.
It's orange launch radio, not orange launch television.
Um, but let's see.
The other thing I wanted to mention is that we will not be here live on October 19th.
So if you are a live listener, you'll want to go ahead and, and uh, I don't know if Bobby's
here that week.
Uh, so he'll, he'll let you guys all know about that, but we will not be here live on
October 19th because I will be at final fantasy fan fest in Las Vegas.
And uh, so I won't be here.
We will be replaced by banjo playing chimpanzees.
We're trying to tape in advance that week.
So at least there'll be something new for you guys to listen to.
Cause I know we just missed a show over labor day weekend, so we don't like to miss shows
a lot.
Uh, cause you know, we want to keep you guys in the habit of having something to listen
to on Monday.
So we're gonna try to tape something prior that week.
Uh, but just, just see live folks know we won't be here live for sure that night, October
19th.
All right.
Uh, let's get into some news.
Loki's going to start us off with some news tonight.
So, um, it was announced that, uh, blizzard has canceled Titan and the problem is not
a lot of people know what Titan was.
I mean, we kind of thought it was a, you know, their next MMO and I guess that's sort of
what it was as a, basically their most ambitious game that they had possibly imagined.
And the only problem was that it wasn't fun.
So you can have all that ambition, but if it's not fun, then what's the point?
So they still didn't reveal any details regarding it other than that, you know, it just wasn't
working out.
So they decided to cancel it.
So I don't know.
I guess that means that, you know, I was kind of hoping that that was going to be like a
follow up to world of Warcraft, but I guess it just means there's going to be more world
of Warcraft.
You know, why bother putting out a new game?
That would be nice cause there hasn't really been world of Warcraft for about a year now
because of content patches.
They've been running that same raid for a year.
So I don't know, maybe, maybe they're just worried that if they put out another MMO,
that it would kind of split their user base and you know, they want more people on world
of Warcraft.
I don't know.
Well, there's been a lot of chatter that this game Titan, I don't know if you saw some of
the details about what the game was, but a lot of people have been saying that Titan
had a lot in common with destiny.
And that is why possibly they pulled the plug.
But, and I got into this a little more on Horde house and I don't want to repeat myself
because my other show, Horde house on Wednesday, we talked about this a little bit, but in
a nutshell, um, why would Activision fund two games that were saying the same thing?
Not just, I mean, cause they're both Activision games.
Activision is publishing the bungee destiny and Activision's public would have published
a blizzards, uh, Titan or whatever.
So Activision was not going to let two games of the exact same thing.
And I realized Activision might be hands off or whatever, but look like once a year,
these games at least are checking in.
So I think there must've been enough with Titan that differentiated it from destiny.
It almost sounds to me like there was probably a Sims type of element to this too.
And maybe even some elements that I would have wanted to see in a mass effect MMO.
I mean, maybe that's really wishful thinking, but maybe it was too disjointed and that's
why it didn't work.
It might've just been a really like a good, like they had a bunch of stuff that they wanted
to implement in there.
Like I think there was one where you could be like a shop vendor or something like that
and you didn't even have to fight.
You could have just, you know, sold stuff and that kind of stuff.
Um, and all that stuff was cool and work, but it's kind of like, well, is it fun?
Is it going to be fun doing this?
I mean, probably not.
I mean, I don't know.
It just has an awful long time to be developing a game just to come up, you know, with nothing
and well, lizard does this a lot.
Blizzard does this a lot.
You know, there was Warcraft adventures, which is what, that was the point and click game
with the, the orcs, right?
And then there was a Starcraft ghost, which was the actiony thing that was supposed to
be on.
What was that?
A PlayStation cast game to PlayStation two or one of those.
And that never ended up happening either.
So I mean, blizzard does this a lot.
Yeah.
And then I don't know.
I mean, if it wasn't fun, I mean, who cares if it was being worked on for awhile?
I mean, some games that are worked on for a while that do eventually come out and end
up sucking to be going forever, for example.
So I don't know.
I mean, I'm sure they know what they're doing, so we'll just have to imagine what it was
and wait for the, you know, the eventual, uh, art portfolio leak from somebody looking
for a job or something like that, that showed like some concept art or something, uh, tiger
claw and chat says the reason why blizzard shut down Titan is because they want to have
the burden or imagine that as they don't want to have the burden of managing two MMOs
at the same time, they spend a lot of time maintaining, wow, it would be difficult for
them to balance two MMOs.
You know, another way I kind of look into that comment is, um, that maybe blizzard has
set their own bar too high and they, the realization was that this game was not going to get that
same amount as a buy-in that wow has.
And so it would have been written off as a failure.
You know what I mean?
Because like no MMO has even come close to touching, wow.
In America, in North America and probably Europe too.
I'm glad that they've stopped advertising different MMOs as a wow killer now that everyone's
kind of, you know, gotten to the point where it's like, wow's dipping though.
And I think, I think wow has peaked.
I don't see wow getting back to the subscriber numbers that had during wrath of the Lich
King.
In all honesty, I've been fortunate enough to play the Draenor alpha and beta.
And as much as I'm thankful for the opportunity to check that stuff out, I'm going to tell
you I'm, it's not good enough for me to buy the expansion.
I don't care.
Like it's just, I, it wasn't enough.
Like it really just felt, it felt so boring to me.
Sorry, but that's kind of like where I'm at with Warcraft now.
You know, great community, but the game just, you know.
But at the same time, here I am, I can't stop fucking playing Diablo three.
So you can't say that Blizzard isn't doing something right and Blizzard is doing a good
job at having something for everyone right now.
I mean, there's a lot of people playing Hearthstone.
Hearthstone's up to like what, 20 million people have checked that out.
Heroes of the Storm appears to be doing very well for them.
Maybe Blizzard thought that Titan didn't fit in there somewhere, that Titan wasn't going
to bring in those new people that these other games have brought in to the fold somehow.
I don't know.
Dungeon Buster in chat says, Blizzard has always been really picky about its properties.
Look how long Diablo three took to finally get out.
And that comment over at live.fognetwork.com.
Brad from Pod Culture says, Sky, what if it were to go free to play?
I would probably check it out a little bit if it went free to play, but I just don't
see that happening.
They don't have to go free to play right now.
It's very hard to be a premium MMO.
There's so few premium MMOs right now.
So few.
You could probably count them on one hand.
Final Fantasy 14 and 11, wow, WildStar, Elder Scrolls.
And WildStar was crap.
I haven't really played WildStar.
I've watched somebody else play it and I was really impressed by the whole housing thing
and just how deep that is, but I'm not impressed at some of the end game stuff I'm hearing
about that and the awful, horrible grind that they, they, they, they basically made
a game for people that missed vanilla wow.
Who didn't realize how awful vanilla wow really was like that.
That's the impression.
I'm getting.
How many times did I quit vanilla?
Wow.
Yeah, I know.
Right.
Again, I haven't played WildStar myself.
I've only watched other people play it.
So there's also Ragnarok online too.
Right.
Which is free.
That's free.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So I can't think of a lot.
Come on Square.
Final Fantasy 11.
Free to play.
I know.
Come on.
They still support that really well, but you know, people are flocking to free MMOs too.
Like I know my Twitter feed has been lit up with a ton of people checking out arch age
and complaining about server issues over there because the game is so damn popular right
now.
People are having a hard time getting in.
That's a big one that just launched.
I might be going back to Star Trek online.
Star Trek online obviously is really fun.
Yeah.
A big one too.
And they've got a big expansion coming out.
You know, there's a lot to be excited about in the free to play market as well.
Ah, anyhow, let's move on.
More news.
Hey, I promised you some stuff on Destiny and let's talk about what is going to happen
with patch 1.0.2, which is coming this week.
And one of the big changes they're going to make with Destiny 1.0.2 is Cryptarch changes.
Thank God the Cryptarch will finally learn how to decrypt things at the level they're
supposed to be at.
Meaning legendary engrams will always be legendary or better items.
Rare engrams will always be rare or better.
Thank God.
And rare engrams will also have an increased chance to produce legendary quality items.
So no more of this bullshit where you get a rare engram and it decodes into a green.
Fuck that shit.
Some of the activity changes will change and rare and legendary engrams will be added as
rewards.
That will be something you can do to sort of motivate people to do those more.
And some other item changes.
Ascendant materials have been promoted to legendary status.
And legendary engram items that already exist in your inventory will be demoted when the
patch goes live.
So that's very interesting.
So if you are holding onto legendary engrams, they will be demoted.
And Bungie makes a very tongue-in-cheek joke in their patch notes that says, let's be honest,
even if you don't, we all know they were blues already.
Like Bungie's making fun of themselves.
So strange.
So anyway.
Also on the Destiny front, since a lot of you guys are playing it, we should mention
this.
There was some little previews given of the Destiny expansion.
Not intentionally.
I guess some leaks were found in Destiny through a bug because this game is connected and downloads
patch data.
Some of the information about the next patch has kind of leaked in into the game.
So it looks like there will be a new raid called Crota's End.
It's a level 28 raid that will be on the moon.
And you can see more about this over on YouTube.
Some folks have decoded some of the stuff in the game.
Looks like to get into the story a little bit, I'm trying to say this in a non-spoilery
way.
Something that you work very hard to destroy in the expansion they will try to rebuild.
That's probably the easiest way I can put it.
Very generic plot, but we already know Destiny had one of those anyway.
So there you go.
House of Wolves content being found in the game too, but like literally there's placeholder
text that says moon underscore portal underscore one.
So there's not a lot to be known about that yet, but that's interesting to know that the
expansion is probably coming early next year with this extra raid and extra stuff.
And I really hope it will do something to make the end game a little more exciting in
regards to gearing up and all that.
And the seg in chat says, make sure to process your engrams before Tuesday early morning.
And Rob, you're not spoiling much of the story in this game.
There's not much to spoil.
Exactly I know, I'm just trying to prevent that email.
I was waiting to buy Destiny until I got a PS4 and you went and ruined everything about
the story.
And I'm like, just like put every generic sci-fi story you've ever heard right next
to each other.
And that's like what Destiny is, spoiler alert.
So just saying, like don't play Destiny for the story.
Just don't.
Moving on, Dark Sakura.
Well, how about something that has nothing to do with Destiny?
Obviously, and there's been a lot of, I would say, some anger, some resentment about the
new 3DS.
But they have release dates for them in Australia and New Zealand.
It's going to be out November 21st this year.
And looks like there's going to be, of course, Super Smash Brothers will be out.
The price is going to be, and this is Australian dollars, $219.95 for the regular size of the
revised one, and the XL will be $249.95.
So I don't know, I still think having the system is kind of, I understand they're not
wanting to limit the games by technology, so they're really expecting a lot of people
to put out the money to buy that.
I'm not sure.
I'm hopeful that because they have dates for New Zealand and Australia that happen to take
place this year, that hopefully we'll see release dates for North America as well soon,
because that'd be awesome.
Maybe, hey, Perfect Timing would be around the time that Pokemon, was it Ruby and Sapphire
come out on 3DS?
I don't know.
I'm expecting it to be sometime around the same time over here, but I haven't been too
excited about the news myself.
Are you getting one?
Not yet.
Not yet.
Just because I already had a 3DS and didn't really play anything on it, but we'll see.
If they have some really good games out for it, maybe the next Zelda game or something.
I don't want to have to redo my puzzles.
So yeah, that'd be pretty cool.
I just maxed out all my puzzles.
I don't want to do them.
Well, I think you can transfer your data over to your new system, and maybe that puzzle
data will go over as well.
So this is kind of disappointing, but apparently PlayStation Home is shutting down, both in
the US and Europe.
That's coming out, I guess, ending March 31st, 2015.
Of course, it's already kind of closed, or I think it's closing sooner actually in Japan.
Unfortunately they're going to stop making new content for it on the 12th of November,
and I guess in Europe you'll be able to download your content, or download content, I guess
until the 3rd of December, and as a thank you for supporting the platform, they're going
to have some free stuff that they're going to be releasing prior to its close, and I'm
sure they're going to be doing a lot more stuff with that.
Now, I'm hoping, though, that there's ways to get some of those free PlayStation 1 games
on there, because I remember they used to have several ways to get, was it like Warhawk
and Twisted Metal, and I'm not really sure what the other one was, they had some other
free game that was on there too, but I wanted Twisted Metal.
I don't know how to feel about this whole PlayStation Home thing shutting down, because,
well I mean, it's inevitable, right?
We knew it was going to shut down because we heard before it was going to happen in
Asia, right?
And so, I think we even said then, well, mark your calendars, it's going to happen in the
US too, right?
And so now we have the official word, and I don't know how to feel about it, how to
feel about it, because I feel like there was so much potential with PlayStation Home, and
I know it had a great community behind it, because VOG, we've actually participated in
some of these events in the past, and there were some good people that were playing it
and participating, but there were some things about it that just really bugged me, that
I think always kind of doomed it from the start.
And the fact that it wouldn't load things in the background was one of the huge things
for me.
Like, when you would zone into a new area, you would have to wait 10 minutes for everything
to download.
An update.
Yeah, exactly, an update.
Now, I feel like that's why I'm kind of surprised in a way that it's not graduating to PlayStation
4, because I would think PlayStation 4 seems to be a little more in tune with downloading
things in the background.
It's got a way bigger hard drive built in, so I would think that maybe more of that could
happen.
Rebuild it for PlayStation 4 or something.
But that's not going to happen, because we've heard that folks are going to be out of a
position because of this.
So clearly, when they're closing PlayStation Home, they are closing PlayStation Home, and
it's not going to continue, which, you know, I mean, on one hand, it's like, well, if you
loved PlayStation Home so much, maybe you should have fucking been using it.
But on the other hand, it's like, well...
It was kind of a drag to use it.
On paper, there was so much to really like about PlayStation Home.
Like, and I loved the idea about like, oh, when you unlock trophies, you could have a
virtual trophy cabinet, and, you know, and show these things off.
But that never happened.
It didn't really.
You had some things like, you could achieve things in games that would unlock like a shirt.
Like I seem to remember like in the Namco Museum game on PlayStation 3, that we have
a cameo in, right?
You actually play that and you unlock like a Pac-Man shirt or something that you can
use in Home.
And like, depending on some of the achievements you get, you do get those sorts of tangible
items.
So that in that sense, it's kind of cool.
But I mean, I don't know, like, again, it just it would take like 10 minutes to get
into Home.
And then the clubhouses were limited to what, 25 people, and I couldn't really do anything
with it.
They're going to raise the clubhouse, you know, limit on March 30th.
So looking at a chat over at live.vognetwork.com, the seg says, so many feels and conflicts.
Buddy of mine is getting laid off as he works for that department, which at least he has
an end date and a plan, so he should be better off to make his plan.
And it goes on to say, I wish that trophy cabinet thing happened, but I don't think
any developer was willing slash able to make a full 3D model for a trophy.
Take 3D model from said game, put trophy base on it, done.
Or maybe some really easy, like maybe some generic trophy bases that were already done,
where maybe they could have taken their achievement art from the Xbox 360, right?
Because all those achievements on 360 have art.
And then you could just slap it on a trophy somehow, I don't know, like an easy convert
thing would have been cool.
It would have been that hard and you don't have to support it, you just, I don't know.
It's a bummer to see that they're not going to try to push PlayStation home a little more.
I mean, I get it.
It just wasn't probably making the money and attracting the developers and like seg said
in his comment there, you know, people didn't really want to spend money, you know, artists
are expensive.
They didn't want to spend money to create all these new 3D models and things for home.
It probably just wasn't a good return on investment or whatever.
So I mean, from that standpoint, it makes sense, but it's just kind of, I don't know,
you always kind of feel like maybe, and this might sound like a really weird thing to say,
but maybe home was ahead of its time in a way.
I don't know.
Maybe I'm maybe homeless too much like Second Life.
I don't think it was though.
I think Second Life was was really different.
I do because because home was really more of a celebration of video games, you know,
and Second Life isn't really about that.
But anyway,
Second Life is for furries.
Well, some would argue that home turned out into that type of thing as well.
So I mean, but
everything is for furries.
What are we talking about?
We talk about on this show all the time.
Time to penis, right?
TTP, time to penis.
You put an internet chat room out there, somebody's going to make a chat room dedicated to cocks.
So when you do this type of thing on PlayStation or whatever PlayStation chat room, there are
going to be chat rooms dedicated to all sorts of things that you can imagine.
And you know, furry when you when you sell these suits and things is one of them.
But
furry things don't have to necessarily be a negative either.
I mean,
I know people, I know people are into that and I don't care what you do, as long as you're
safe and consensual.
Furries are awesome.
I'm just saying that that's been the biggest thing that I've seen is a very, very big furry
community.
Yeah.
Bobby Blackwolf popping in saying Second Life and home are not comparable.
Second Life was all about people building and creating their own experiences.
Home was about people taking in Sony's experiences.
And maybe that a little bit was a part of the problem as well as that I was expecting
to be able to build a little more of an experience when I got a clubhouse and all that stuff.
And you know, I did see some impressive stuff that was done later on down the line.
But I mean, it's still like, how awesome would it have been if we had like a special OLR
thing, like a little mini video or something that you could only see in our clubhouse,
that you could like go into the clubhouse or like, if I happen to be playing PlayStation
as well, you know, and I'm there in home, I could actually talk to you instead of like
typing, I could be sitting at the top at the back of the room and actually talking and
doing like a podcast in PlayStation home.
But maybe now that Twitch is a thing and we have PlayStation live and all that, that's
kind of trumped anything that maybe home would have done.
I don't know.
So anyhow.
All right.
Well, there it is.
PlayStation home going to be closing.
Let's move on to talk about Bayonetta 2, which as you know, is going to be coming out here
in the US very soon.
Well, Bayonetta 2 actually came out in Japan and Bayonetta 2 sales numbers in Japan.
Honestly, there's no way to spin this.
It's not probably as good as it should be.
Bayonetta 2 sold 67% of their first shipment in Japan.
I guess from that perspective, that's not terrible, but here's the thing.
Bayonetta 2 sold 38,828 copies.
The original Bayonetta in 2009 on the 360 and the PlayStation 3 sold 200,000 copies
in the same time.
So that's like what?
Maybe 18, 19% of what the first Bayonetta sold.
Now granted, we have to take into consideration.
There's just not as many Wii U's in Japan out there as there were PlayStation 3's combined
with Xbox 360.
I mean, there weren't a lot of 360s either, but combined with Xbox 360s back then.
But still, when you kind of see this that, oh, Bayonetta 2 sold not even 40,000 copies
in Japan on launch week, it's pretty hard to spin that number positively.
I mean, Loki, what do you think when you hear that number?
I think that it's just there's not a lot of systems out there and it's not surprising,
I guess.
And sadly, I mean, it's kind of along the lines of Platinum Games and even with the
Wii.
Mad World looked like such an awesome game and really hyped up and people were excited
about it and it didn't sell very well.
And same with, you know, Bayonetta, unfortunately, yeah, there are a lot of people that are fans
of Nintendo that own a Wii U, but the Wii U is kind of also directed towards more of
like families and kids and unfortunately those aren't the people that are going to be purchasing,
you know, Bayonetta 2.
Am I hearing in a way that maybe Nintendo ought to just embrace its status as a family
friendly game maker?
Because I mean, there's a lot of people out there that say Nintendo needs to do more hardcore
shit.
Nintendo needs to do stuff that caters to the hardcore gamer.
Well, here they go.
They're doing Bayonetta 2 and then it does this.
No, that's the thing is, yeah, they do need to dedicate themselves a little bit more towards
hardcore stuff.
But the problem was you're forgetting that the hardcore games back when the NES was out
and stuff were like Super Mario Brothers and The Legend of Zelda.
It was their mainstream games that were also, you know, bringing in new people to play them.
You just need to make games that kind of bring in both.
Like I think, like for example, the, you know, Captain Toad's Treasure Tracker, whatever
that's coming out, I think that kind of, it's more of like an easy, you know, slower paced
game for everybody else.
Maybe we're just getting too lazy in our game playing that, you know, they're afraid
that too hard, you know, gameplay that's too hard is going to drive off people from playing
those games.
And the other hand, I think it's good to have gameplay that's hard because it makes you
a better gamer.
Akuma JP in chat says, what do you expect?
It was on the Wii U.
Maybe that's it in a nutshell.
I don't know.
You know, something we didn't really talk about at the top of the show and this game
did come out this week was Hyrule Warriors.
And I only didn't talk about it because none of us have bought it yet.
I think I'm the only Wii U owner in the room and I just didn't get around to buying it
this weekend.
I'm kind of waiting to see a little more, like what the reactions are to the game for
my friends before I decide if I want to plunk $60 on it, which is a lot of money, right?
So, but I did see the pictures out in New York City where people were lined up around
the block at that Nintendo World Store for that limited edition thing that not everybody
didn't even get because Nintendo wasn't anticipating demand being as high as it was.
And a bunch of resellers got their hands on those little limited edition figurines for
Hyrule Warriors or whatever it was they were giving away in New York City.
So maybe Bayonetta 2 stands to do a little better here in the U.S. potentially?
I mean, we'll find out in a couple of weeks.
We do know a few things about Bayonetta 2 in advance of the U.S. release here.
As if it's any surprise, it has been rated mature by the ESRB due to blood, gore, intense
violence, partial nudity, strong language, and suggestive themes.
And there's also an online component, which you could be exposed to unrated user-generated
content.
Here's the official summary.
This is an action game in which players assume the role of an ancient witch that battles
angels and demons in a fantasy world.
Players use hand-to-hand combat, pistols, giant scythes, axes, and magic to kill enemy
creatures.
Players can also perform various finishing moves, which depict exaggerated and intense
acts of violence.
Enemies thrown into spinning spiked wheels, characters decapitated by a guillotine, a
dragon ripping characters apart, large blood-splattered effects and gore can be seen frequently.
During the course of the game, some female characters perform suggestive taunts and poses.
For example, opening their legs, dancing on poles.
Outfits are occasionally shed during battle, with characters' breasts and buttocks partially
exposed.
The words fuck and shit appear in the dialogue.
This game sounds awesome!
That should be like a searchable tag in eShop.
The words fuck and shit appear in dialogue.
Just print that on the back of the box.
I mean, come on, characters decapitated by a guillotine and a dragon rips characters
apart.
Awesome.
One other awesome thing that should be mentioned about Bayonetta 2, as the game is out in Japan,
people are tearing this apart on YouTube.
And get this, there is a Star Fox Easter egg hidden in Bayonetta 2, and apparently it goes
so far as to like, you're actually playing something that feels like Star Fox within
the game.
And that is all within Bayonetta 2.
At least they didn't have an F-Zero Easter egg in the game, otherwise you would just
piss me off.
Well, they're saving that for Mario Kart just to piss me off.
That means they probably won't do another one.
But there you go, Bayonetta 2, all the latest on that.
Now what's funny is that even though I'm kind of like, on the fence about Hyrule Warriors,
I'm definitely getting Bayonetta 2.
If for no other reason than what I just read.
And I want the original on Wii U too.
So we can have games that they're not going to make a sequel to, Excite Truck.
They should totally have.
What about Excite?
They did have that sequel.
Excite Bots.
Excite Bots.
Yeah, that was crap.
I mean, it's a game you make a sandwich in the race, and you throw a pie at a clown,
or you knock a star, it didn't make any sense.
But it would be awesome to have the Excite truck or Excite Bots as an assist in Smash
Brothers, but Nintendo's not going to actually put their own properties like that in there.
Such an awesome racing game.
Alright, let's move on.
We got one more story here, and then we're going to do release dates.
Start Sakura.
How would you ever like to game in your own arena?
Or at least have a dedicated arena.
The US is finally getting one.
I have an arena in my living room, and I don't have to wear pants there.
I don't want to know about your pants off dance off.
It's more of a peen arena.
I even have a little referee, a little furry referee that meows at me when I...
She just looks at you like you're a weirdo, and then runs when people come over, and hides
under the bed the whole time.
She's such a crazy old lady.
Anyway, so now we get an esports stadium!
Yay!
Doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo.
Are you ready to rumble?
MLG is putting it out.
It's going to be called the MLG.TV arena, which will be 15 minutes away from Ohio State
University.
Why are they putting it in Ohio?
I don't know.
Anyway, since Columbus has actually hosted some of their most successful events, they
said that's where it'll be.
Wasn't Ohio also...
Wasn't that also the school that did the scholarship program?
We talked about this a few weeks ago on the show.
That might have been the same school.
That could be why.
Ohio might be some type of hotbed for this stuff that we just don't see here in California.
What else do they have to do in Ohio?
I know we have listeners there, so...
Tell us what there is to do in Ohio.
Be sad.
That's Alabama.
I'm kidding, I'm kidding.
That's be sad and go to New Orleans.
You leave the state.
So that's cool that they're putting in a little arena there, but an arena?
I mean, aren't they going to use the arena for Lady Gaga concerts too?
If it's only for gaming events, it seems like such a waste of space.
You know what I mean?
Actually Fifth Dream says pantsless dojo.
That's the name of my living room.
For the record, I'm not wearing pants.
I'm wearing shorts.
Those guys are wearing pants.
Let's see.
The SEG says, woo, tax breaks.
Maybe that's part of it there.
Let's see.
What Up G says, the Ohio State marching band.
Oh, that would be some marching bands.
That's something to do in Ohio.
And Brad from Pod Culture says, Dark Sakura, Christina is from Cleveland.
That's okay.
But as I understand it, she moved.
No, I'm just kidding.
God, I don't want angry emails coming from Ohio.
No, no, no.
We make fun of all States of the Union.
I make fun of all the States, especially the ones I'm from.
Alabama really gets a ration of shit from me.
We could spend a whole three hours talking about what irritates us about California,
but people, traffic, that'll be another day.
All right.
So go around the world and check out some release dates and things that will be coming
out in every state across the nation.
And then we'll even travel to some other countries.
Loki.
All right.
This week, we've got a few things coming out, including Natural Doctrine, which is on PlayStation
3, PlayStation 4, and the Vita.
Crimes and Punishments Sherlock Holmes on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, PlayStation 4, and
Xbox One.
We've also got Forza Horizon 2 on Xbox One and Xbox 360, Persona 4 Arena Ultimax on PlayStation
3 and Xbox 360, Middle Earth Shadow of Mordor on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC, Falling
Skies The Game on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360, Senran Kagura Shinobi Versus Limited Edition,
the Let's Get Physical Edition, and that's on Vita.
Game on the 3DS called Super Smash Brothers, I'm sure no one's interested in.
And then coming out...
I just love the way you phrased that.
And then since we had, you know, last week, Disney Infinity 2.0, now we're going to have
Skylanders...
I guess if you want to call it 4.0 or whatever, Skylanders Trap Team, they've got that coming
out on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, the Wii, the Wii U, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, 3DS, and even
if you want to, a tablet version for Android and iOS.
And that includes even a little Bluetooth controller, which is kind of cool.
And they have also got that regular and dark editions, if you want to do the limited edition
for that.
That's it.
All right.
We're going to travel over to Japan and check out the release dates there, but I'm looking
at chat.
We're getting read the Riot Act on Ohio right now in chat.
And guess who doesn't really care?
Let's see.
Kick-ass amusement parks in Ohio, especially Cedar Point, says WhatUpG.
I have heard about that.
And Brad from PodCulture says, got to interview the eighth doctor in Ohio.
I love how people get massive, like, butt-hurt wedgies when someone makes a joke about something.
You go in the bathroom and dig out your panties.
Let's find another state to pick on.
Where do we not?
Delaware!
Oh, we're in Delaware.
I'm going to go look at the map.
I want to think of a place I've been that I have a beef with.
Where's a place that I've been that I have a beef with?
You know what?
I kind of, I have a little bit of a beef with Wyoming.
I have a little bit of a beef with Wyoming.
Dan's grandmother's from Wyoming.
Really?
Yeah.
Well, sorry.
I don't care.
I've never been there.
Anyway.
Moving on.
How about Stockton?
How about, yeah.
That's not a state.
I can think of a ton of places in California that are way worse than any of these states
that we're talking about.
Stockton's near the top of the list, honestly.
Or like, fucking, can we talk for a minute about Bakersfield?
Oh my god.
Biggest source of boring ever.
Anyway.
Sorry to, I think we actually have a listener in Bakersfield.
Sorry, but you know, you know.
You know.
The only thing that I would ever go to Bakersfield for was because they had a Sonic, and then
we got Sonic.
So that was good.
Yeah, the only reason to go to Modesto is that's the only Dunkin Donuts now in all
of Northern California.
We went to the Madera County Fair on purpose once.
To see where it all.
Tigerclaw in chat says, what about Sacramento?
Hey, fuck you.
You know what?
Sacramento's awesome.
I'm kind of, you know what, I'm kind of with you a little bit.
Sacramento's kind of just like, eh.
You know what, though, is near Fresno?
You know what, Tigerclaw?
Don't fucking get me started on Florida.
Do not get me started on your home state of Florida.
Do not.
But.
Like, we could talk about Florida more than the other 49 states combined.
Anyway.
Yes, Dark Sakura?
Nothing.
Florida man.
Florida woman.
I'm done.
All right, let's talk about Japan.
Japan has a game coming out on the PlayStation 4 that might be of interest to Dark Sakura.
Are you a fan of Quintet, Dark Sakura?
Quintet?
Yeah, I thought you, uh.
Quartet.
Oh.
It's Quintet.
But I guess, uh.
Quartet's an action-adventure game, not a dating sim with dancing girls.
I guess, yeah, this dancing girl game is not really something that would be up your alley.
I don't know, but it looks like at one point they're, like, fighting a tentacle monster,
so.
What, with the power of dance?
Yeah.
There's something.
Anyway, the game is actually called Omega Quintet, and it comes out.
And it says it's Quartets by Sega.
All right, there you go.
So they're different.
I got them mixed up.
Oh, well.
Mixing elements of the idle simulation and JRPGs into a brand new IP.
Takuto manages to protect the verse maidens, five pop idols, who have the ability to defeat
the invading Beep, that's what it's called, the Beep, with the power of their song and
dance.
This game sounds awesome.
I wish the PlayStation 4 wasn't region locked.
I hope there's some streams on PlayStation.
Isn't that on, oh.
This is on PlayStation 4, believe it or not.
Let's see, looking at some other games coming out in Japan, is that coming out on the Xbox
One?
Looking at Xbox One releases, no.
But Forza Horizon 2 gets its release in Japan this week.
So look forward to that.
On the PlayStation 3 on October 2nd, Kingdom Hearts 2.5 remix gets its release in Japan.
I did not realize that was this soon in Japan.
And there's also a 1.5 and 2.5 starter pack coming out.
And you can import that here in the US for 150 bucks.
Is that the 4.0 pack?
Right.
That's what it adds up to, right?
So that must be the case.
Let's see, on the Wii U, nothing to report this week on the Wii U, unless I read the
list wrong.
No, I did not read it wrong.
There's nothing on the Wii U this week.
On the PlayStation Vita this week, Nikketsu Ino Bukkatsu Tan Trigger Kiss comes out this
week on the Vita.
And lastly, on the Nintendo 3DS this week.
Hot blooded something.
Let's see, there is Kinken no Maguna and Nozotoki Battle Tori Densetsu no Makyuu wo
Fukkatsu Saseo comes out.
You want me to look up with that?
It's an Amco Bandai game.
It looks like Explore the Pyramids.
It looks like some type of Temple Run game on the 3DS sort of thing.
But maybe less Temple Run and more like puzzle minigame Egyptian tomb.
That's what it is.
All right, let's travel over to the UK, DarkSagra.
On the 30th, Chariot on PS4 and Middle Earth Shadow of Mordor on PC and October 1st, Chariot
on Xbox One and I think that's it.
All right, let's see, moving on, just a couple more stories for you guys and then the classic
game of the week.
I'm looking at the states of the union argument going on in our chat right now.
Oh my gosh.
What about Alaska?
I'm about to leave chat.
What, uh, PlayStation 4 is region free, is it?
I thought it was region locked.
No.
I thought that was a big change in the new generation is that they were region locked.
I know the PS3 wasn't.
PS4 and Xbox One are not region locked.
Holy shit, I might have to, uh, well I don't really understand Japanese though.
I'm gonna have a hard time playing that game probably.
Which game?
Uh, the Quintet.
Oh.
RPG.
It's gonna like totally be in Japanese and I don't, you guys hear how horrible I am at
speaking and I don't understand it at all.
All right.
Anyhow, uh, let's go to those two more stories here.
Loki.
Well, unlike, uh, this should be something that people are getting used to on the Wii
U unfortunately, um, Ubisoft has confirmed that the bad blood downloadable content for
Watch Dogs will not be coming to the soon to be released Wii U version of the game.
And um, no, the Wii U version does not have DLC they confirmed and, um, they haven't really
said why.
But they've done that in the past I thought with Assassin's Creed where they didn't have
a DLC for that maybe or was it Batman?
One of those didn't have DLC even though Batman's not technically a Ubisoft game but it's kind
of weird.
I guess they just don't want to port it over.
Maybe they think that they're not gonna make their money back or something or maybe, I
don't know.
But yeah, they're lackluster support for the Wii U now and even more, less support
for any sort of download content for said games.
Why are they even bothering to release this game on the Wii U?
I think because it was, I think this is one of those games that was done already and they're
just waiting to release it.
Which is stupid.
I don't understand why.
It's gonna be an embarrassment and then people are gonna point at it and go, well this is
why we don't release games on the Wii U because this is how they sell.
Yeah, because you totally treated it like the bastard kid of the family, like it's gross
what they're doing with this.
They did that with Rayman Legends last year.
Uh huh.
And is, uh, why bother?
Or do a digital only release or something, save yourself the fucking trouble.
I think this is literally the last game that they have slated for the Wii U right now.
Just Dance, I'm sure.
Well yeah, Just Dance will be coming out because they make their money on the Wii U and Wii
for that but that's pretty much it.
Well still though, this comes out after Just Dance 2015 or whatever it's called this year.
So it is technically the last Wii U game that they have slated right now.
Maybe they're gonna go that way where they're just gonna, you know, they supported them
all this time but now they're just gonna cut support for the Wii U.
Which is sad.
Well I'm just saying it's kind of their own damn fault.
Yeah.
When you set games up to fail, surprise, they're gonna fail.
Why even bother at this point?
I mean, it's coming out so far after, you know, the launch of the, you know, Watchdog
game on the other systems so I don't understand what's the point of running out.
I mean, as much as I want to see Nintendo succeed and I want to see, I mean Nintendo's
got a lot of their own stuff that's gonna, you know, keep the Wii U afloat for a couple
of years, so whatever.
I kind of just hope this game doesn't sell a single copy.
That's not gonna happen, but yeah, it won't sell a lot of copies, you know, maybe a few
thousand.
I think though, I mean that just kind of cements support that yeah, these games aren't gonna
do that well.
But at the same time though, they're kind of, Ubisoft is kind of going this route where
they're doing these really huge games, aside from, you know, like the Assassin's Creed
and Far Cry franchises and stuff, but like they've got a few MMO-like games coming out
already.
They've got, was it The Division and they've also got The Crew coming out.
And both of those are gonna be these really vast multiplayer games, of which they're not
even gonna try to port that stuff over.
I just, I don't know.
Maybe they're just too ambitious in their, what they want to do on console I guess.
But, indies, indies will save the day I guess because, you know, Nintendo's gonna save their
own stuff with first party stuff.
I mean when the new Zelda next year comes out, it's gonna, you know, they've got enough
stuff to keep themselves afloat I think, but they're really probably gonna be thinking
on the drawing board how to get the third parties back with whatever they do next.
And also, let's just say that, hypothetically speaking, VR, retail VR takes off, once again
they're gonna be behind the game, well, technically they were ahead of the game, but yeah, that
wasn't, you know, much of an attempt.
So I don't know.
It's gonna be interesting to see what they do to, I mean Zelda will help, but let's just
say Zelda doesn't help enough, then what?
Then they rush that new system, I don't know.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Andradeo at VOG Network.com,
use the passphrase, Sunday.
Alright, moving on to another game that won't be on Wii U, that's for sure, but it will
be on the Xbox One and the PlayStation 4.
We talked a lot about this game last week, coming off Tokyo Game Show, that's Final Fantasy
15.
And some more details have come out since Tokyo Game Show, just a little bit more about
it.
Right now, the director, Hajime Tabata, estimates that Final Fantasy 15 is like 55% complete,
which I kind of sit there and go, it's been this long and it's only 55% complete, so when's
this game coming out, like 2020 or when?
But obviously, it's, you know, the number's been held back a little bit because they've
had to reboot a few times, you know, and they say this is not the same game, the director's
different, the platform switched to the current gen, and because the platform changed, we
had to re-evaluate some things, so this is why, you know, it seems like the number's
so low, although it really does seem like we're gonna get this game next year, I mean,
we know the demo's coming in the early part of the year, so it may be a holiday release,
we'll see, I don't know, 55% right now, it may or may not, who knows.
Also, the road trip-like atmosphere is meant to inspire a sense of freedom in players,
and the open world elements are restrained a little bit for the sake of narrative, so
don't expect the game to be completely open world, but I'm assuming it's not gonna be
quite as bad as Final Fantasy XIII's first 10 hours either, so we'll see with that.
Combat, you do not just simply press a button once for a single action to happen, it's a
continuous flow of movement.
You have to push it several times.
It's more about the movements that are associated with the buttons and building upon them for
actions to go through the combat system, that, well, I mean, that really is gonna be different.
That reminds me of, like, was it Xenogears, remember Xenogears, where they had, like,
a combo system where you would, you know, tap different button presses to do different
attacks?
That was kinda cool.
So, uh, they are saying that Episode Duske, I don't know how to even say that word, this
is gonna be the demo that comes out for the game, and they're gonna say it's an hour's
worth of narrative content, but three to four hours of gameplay if you fully explore the
game's world.
And the demo.
That's a pretty impressive thing.
That's longer than fuckin' ground zeroes, so, bravo to you for giving that away for
free.
Well, free in quotes, because it's with the Final Fantasy Type 0.
But they are also gonna have the demo available afterwards, remember?
Oh, that's right, that's right.
Also, a lot of memes and things coming out about the Broad Trip that we saw in the Tokyo
Game Show trailer, I just kinda wanted to say on that, like, I'm sure that's probably
part of the story, but I think it's also one part, and I think we'd be a little silly
to assume that's gonna be the entire game, is Broad Trip, Final Fantasy Broad Trip, because
in that first trailer we saw for the game, where they announced that it changed from,
you know, versus 13 to 15, we saw a lot of other stuff that wasn't just that.
So, just kinda throwing that out there, that I would expect that maybe the Broad Trip is
what we'll see in the demo, but I imagine there's gotta be more to it.
So, all right, well, let's take a trip down memory lane, back to a time where, you know,
you didn't have four hour demos of games, you read about them in Nintendo Power, that
was your option, because they're not gonna produce a cartridge with a four hour demo
in it.
That's right, it's the classic game of the week, where Dark Soccer's gonna step into
the gaming vault and find a game, and she thinks, hey, you should check out this game
this week.
Forget all this new shit, this is all stupid.
Check out this classic.
Dark Soccer, back on her CPS kick this week, yes?
CPS2.
The game is 1944 The Loop Master, which is a vertical scrolling shooter made by Capcom,
it came out in 2000, and this actually was not programmed by Capcom, but done by Rising.
It's the fifth of a series of World War II shooters that Capcom made in the 19XX series.
It actually is the sequel to 19XX The War Against Destiny, and it has a lot of the same
planes, including the P-38 Lightning and Mitsubishi A6M-0, but does not include the De Havilland
Mosquito and the Q-Shooter J7W.
Those were replaced by others.
So basically it's just your standard shooter, you know, you shoot planes, tanks, battleships,
other boats, other things, but it's a lot more like the earlier games as opposed to
19XX.
You get the different stats for the planes, each of them operate equally, one is the first
or second player, and they do have the form change that was in 19XX.
You hold the fire button, charge it until it's full, and then the plane will fly up
and become temporarily invincible.
It also has a bomb button that uses Tomahawk missiles.
You also have the wingmen in the game as well, where you get a small golden plane icon that
comes down the screen that will release a wingman icon.
And that gives you firepower, but they are vulnerable to enemy fire, and in stage 8 they
fire laser shots.
There are 15 stages in the game.
On the arcade board actually you get an option to start from 1, 6, or 11.
If it's set to endless, then you can also choose 1, 2, or 3, and of course with different
difficulties you go through.
And after destroying the level 15 boss, you actually get back to stage, the first stage,
it's a loop.
Therefore, you can play the game endlessly.
And the enemies will fire more rapidly if it's set to endless.
So it's the loop master for a reason.
And that's it.
So you do eventually master the loop when you beat the game, because everything comes
full circle.
So there it is.
Alright, I forgot about this one.
I mean, I of course know the 1944 shooters.
You know, one of them was on the NES, it was 1942, 43, maybe both of them, but I forgot
about 44.
Yeah.
Well, technically the big one that a lot of people do remember in the series is 19XX as
far as the arcade ones go, because that one got really big right around that time.
The loop master was a little bit, I'd say lesser known.
Well, XX was also a little bit more like Raiden, I think, wasn't it?
It was.
It had a lot more of that just sort of fantastical element to it.
This is like fun though, and it does the widescreen thing too, which is a very different look
from the other 19 games, so.
It's also on a arcade cabinet sitting right behind you.
Is it?
Is it really?
I gotta get my little booster thing that I was supposed to get this weekend and didn't,
so.
Alright, well there it is, your classic game of the week, 1944, the loop master.
There you go.
You master the loops.
Just like you do at Cedar Point, apparently, there, in 1944.
Alright, we're gonna take a break.
When we come back, there's plenty more Orange Launch Radio to come, including rapid fire
news, the FUGAL QUESTION OF THE WEEK, talk about Minecraft clones on some big consoles,
and it sounds like maybe League of Legends getting another Supernanny step for the very
naughty players, and, and, SCIENCE, when we come back with more of Orange Launch Radio.
Alright, after this.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio, live on this Sunday evening, September the
28th, 2014, our 569th show, already in progress, and we're gonna get to some rapid fire news.
But let me, let me ask this question of, of Dark Soccer and Loki and, and all the folks
that are listening live tonight, do I, do I need to get Orange Lounge Radio and Ello?
Is that, is that where the, is that where the internet's going?
Do I need, does, do we need an O-L-R-L-O?
No.
Why not?
Because we don't.
Wouldn't it be like an O-L-O-R?
O-L-O-R?
Oh, I like that one.
That's good.
Uh, but, no, I mean, I guess, I guess people have kind of had it with Facebook and, and
are talking to these other social networks, although I have an LO account.
If you want to follow me on LO, I'm Rob Roberts, it's not a video, you're not going to find
anything.
Mine's Dark Soccer.
Yeah, you're not going to find anything on there that exciting.
Maybe a selfie or two.
I, I, uh, submitted a request to get one, just, oh, fuck of it.
I'm sure her, I could get you an invite if you really want one.
I don't really care.
I just, you know, put myself on there.
I mean, whatever.
But here's, okay, so here's the thing with that is that, like, everybody's talking like,
oh, you know, Facebook's screwed because everybody's going to LO, but like, LO isn't Facebook.
LO is missing a lot that Facebook has, and not that I'm saying, you know, we should all
kneel and worship at the altar of Facebook, because believe me, there's a lot about Facebook
that pisses me off.
And that whole rabble rabble you're hearing with the drag queens about the real name policy,
guess what?
It doesn't just affect drag queens.
It affects roller derby girls.
It affects transgender individuals.
It affects people that are trying to hide from stalkers.
It affects sassy internet podcasters who don't feel like using their real name to keep their
online life separate, you know?
It affects the luchador industry.
It affects a lot of people.
And so I think people are, and what really pissed me off personally is when Zuckerberg
in some, some interview or something had the audacity to say, if you don't use your real
name, you don't have integrity or something like that.
And like, I don't have a middle finger big enough for that guy after hearing that because
it's like, okay, says the guy who literally wrote a business after, you know, using people's
personal information and profiting off that.
Wait a second.
I don't have integrity because I use the name that people know me by on my Facebook.
People are convinced this is my name, which I'm fine with.
I completely forgot this.
So the website's L O dot co or L loco.
Yeah, it is.
It is.
It's perfect for the luchadors.
It's perfect.
L loco.
I love it.
And then, uh, let's see.
So, uh, and then, uh, VXJ's next V links to one of those articles that talks about the
dark side of L O, which I always am going to anticipate whenever something starts to
grab momentum, there's always going to be that article about the dark side.
I'm calling it L loco from now on.
It's seriously, it's L loco and act, act deaf actually says he, it's a real thing.
Even though I was joking about it and he has luchador friends.
That's awesome.
And, uh, VXJ's next V says the food glow question of the week.
Uh, probably not.
I don't, unless L O really catches some more steam and fixes some of these other things
they've got going on.
I don't really see us.
My weekly O L R is on today post on L O. Did you see it?
I did, but I couldn't, I couldn't retweet it and I couldn't favorite it.
That's why I removed the retweet or repost or whatever, because whatevs.
Yeah.
All right.
So anyway, there you go.
A little, little L O talk.
I'll be curious to see how L O is doing in seven days.
We'll see.
In the meantime, let's talk about some other gaming news going on around the industry back
to games.
And I don't, I don't think I've seen any video game companies on L O yet.
So we'll see.
All right.
Let's move on now.
Loki.
Hey, what do you know?
There's an actual guitar game coming out for PlayStation four and Xbox one.
Yes.
They're porting Rocksmith 2014 to PlayStation four and Xbox one's going to be coming out
a little bit later this year.
And um, I guess this was outed through the ESRB listing for the game.
So cool.
And uh, maybe the DLC will transfer as well for that stuff.
So I'm pretty cool.
And I'm assuming that it comes with the, you know, the USB thing that plug into your guitar
too.
So rock on.
Um, so Xbox live games with gold for October, they've got a few games coming out, uh, for
Xbox three 60 members will get, uh, Darksiders two and battlefield bad company.
Of course, battlefield bad company being the first game, um, that's available from October
first through the 15th and Darksiders two from the 16th through the 31st.
Um, and then for Xbox one it, uh, for you, which, uh, chariots is going to be the game
that's going to be coming out.
And that was actually a, one of the, uh, ID at Xbox games.
So God love those indie games.
I'm surprised we haven't seen an actual retail Xbox one game yet, or maybe we're just not
at that point yet since the system hasn't even been out for a year yet to be fair.
We haven't had a retail PlayStation four game either on PlayStation plus yet.
So there's, nobody's kind of broken that barrier yet, although I don't know what's, what's
happening with drive club because they're going to get, it's like a, uh, stripped down
version, I guess like a demo, it's like a Ridge racer Vita version of the game, if you
will.
Um, you know where they're going to have a few cars, a few tracks, and you can purchase
the rest piecemeal, or you can purchase just an upgrade, the upgrade to the full version,
but it's not going to be as much as buying the full version of the game, I guess.
Interesting.
Um, I mean, it's cool that they have that kind of a demo out there, um, and, uh, battlefield
bad company too, and dark sires, you haven't played those yet, despite the fact that dark
sires two has been sitting in my steam library forever now, but I still haven't played it
shock.
Um, such as the way of the steam library and, and you know, me, you know, I've just like
every month that they have free stuff, we're going to download that.
I got download, I got download that I'm like, I'm not going to play these games on my X-Box
got up.
I got them all.
It's seriously.
It's like, Oh God, I get that.
Cause what, what if I want to play that one day then I'm going to, I need it, you know,
so seriously.
Um, but yeah, might as well, I mean, it's free, you know, and, and that's the thing
is like when I was, uh, you know, through my retail job and still not retail, but through
my job at work, um, I get Microsoft training and stuff that I do on my own.
And each year they have a accreditation program for X-Box and what's the reward for finishing
that?
You're alive.
So I'm always, you know, got live gold aside.
I wish they had that on Sony's end because I could use some PlayStation plus right now.
That's it.
Um, Oh, and then, um, last but not least, um, even though it's already been announced
that, you know, Amazon is purchasing twist, they have finished their acquisitions.
So money's changed hands or at least some of that and is now owned by Amazon.
So cool is officially part of the Amazon collective, which is, I like Amazon well enough.
So again, I'm curious to see if being a prime member is going to get me any perks.
I, you know, I don't know if they will do anything because Amazon does own other companies,
like for example, Zappos, and they really haven't done anything with that.
Aside from, you know, they own it, but nothing has really changed.
Very true.
Very true.
All right.
Well, moving on to some other news, uh, you know, Super Smash Brothers 3DS is coming out
here in the States soon, but it's been out in Japan for about a week now and, uh, there's
some glitches that are being found inside the game.
And one of them, uh, is apparently there's a glitch in the game where you will hear a
cheer, uh, a taunter, not really cheer, but like an audience, um, demand or chant an audience
chant for the ice climbers.
Well, as you know, the ice climbers are not in the new Smash Brothers game.
So, uh, that is very interesting.
Uh, we've heard that, you know, they were supposed to be in there, but that the 3DS
didn't really have the processing power to keep them in.
Maybe the Wii U will have it though.
Maybe the Wii U.
Although isn't it supposed to be cross, can you play like, uh, versus someone on the Wii
U?
No, I don't think so.
Although they wanted to really keep the games in parody, maybe DLC on, like, maybe DLC
that only works with the new 3DS or something.
I mean, I don't know.
I'm getting really crazy with that.
I just can't believe that that can't support, like, I don't even get that, that they can't...
I'm sorry, that character's too complex.
I mean, why?
It's just two characters.
Well, because the problem was with all four people playing ice climbers is when it was
a problem.
Oh.
Yeah, I guess that makes sense.
Yeah.
So, anyhow.
Uh, so yeah, you can, uh, hear that.
That's pretty cool.
Uh, anyhow.
Um, also on Super Smash Brothers, uh, this will probably surprise nobody, uh, some people
finding in the Japanese version there's a stage DLC content in the ROM dump.
So apparently, uh, there are some stages that will appear later on through DLC.
Well, I mean, that seems like a big duh, doesn't it?
Also a duh.
Content for LittleBigPlanet 3!
Uh, yes, LittleBigPlanet 3, of course, coming very soon to PlayStation 4, what, November
18th?
I believe is when the game's out.
And, uh, there will be some Metal Gear Solid Ground Zeroes Sackboy stuff.
So yeah, you can, uh, put a little eye patch on your Sackboy and you can have your little
Sackboy tank and all this other stuff.
So that's pretty cool.
Skull Face, Miller Outfits, uh, the game releases on November 18th, of course, LittleBigPlanet.
We don't know when these come out, but it will be soon.
Also, um, Order 1886 costume is supposed to be a part of that too.
That's pretty neat.
And lastly, what would you say if I said Suikoden 6?
Hmm.
I would say there's a lot of characters in it.
That's right.
Well, unfortunately, I'm not here to tell you that Suikoden 6 is happening.
Uh, what I'm telling you is that, uh, Yuichi Haga, who's the online content producer for
Konami Digital Entertainment, was doing a livestream for Suikoden 2, and of course there
was a ton of questions about Suikoden 6.
And no update, sadly, about this RPG being developed, but Japanese fans apparently associate
Suikoden with the Konami brand more than any other franchise, meaning Metal Gear, Pro Evo
Soccer, Castlevania, and yes, even DDR, uh, it gets, uh, not as associated as much as
Suikoden does.
They tried to forget about Silent Hill lately.
Apparently.
Until the PT.
Yeah, until PT.
And, uh, here in the US, I would think, oh my gosh, people have to think like Castlevania
before they would think of Suikoden.
Don't get me wrong, I love Suikoden, but, you know.
Castlevania and Gradius, maybe?
I don't know.
But nowadays, I guess they would think Metal Gear, I would imagine.
Metal Gear.
By the way, Suikoden 5, eight years ago on the PlayStation 2, was the last entry in the
series.
Uh, why was, why was Suikoden 2 being streamed?
Well, it was to show the head of honchos in Japan that fans are interested in the re-release
of the game as a digital offering on the Sony Entertainment Network store, because the game
was rated for PS3 and PlayStation Portable, but it never actually came out, which kinda
sucks.
And if Shane was in the studio, I'm sure he would be having a cry, because I know he loves
Suikoden 2.
But then he'd just be like, whatever, I can play my PSP version.
I can't imagine there would be that much work to put, like, any of those games on the PlayStation
store.
I mean...
I have heard that it is incredibly easy to get a game on PlayStation 3.
Just put everything.
Fuck, if it doesn't sell, who cares?
Not on PS, but like, what are those, like, PS1 is incredibly easy process.
Just like, yeah, just seriously put everything that you have.
Why hold yourself back?
That, that, that, I mean, I guess the only re- that, that kind of boils it down, like,
with, uh, you know, the e-sh, I guess the eShop and the Virtual Console releases.
Like, I never understood, I mean, they do a little bit more now, I guess, but I never
understood why, if it was so easy to put that stuff on there, why didn't you just dump a
whole bunch of stuff?
I guess maybe, you know, they'd lose stuff, but I, they don't really have regular releases.
It's like, maybe a couple games each week, if we're lucky, a few, a couple games each
month.
I don't know, I just don't...
And now with PlayStation Now, but, I mean, I, I understand that PlayStation Now is supposed
to bring trophy support to old games and things like that, I mean, we're not seeing it yet.
That would be a little bit more complicated.
That would be a little more complicated, but, um, hopefully some games will do it.
Maybe that's something they're holding Suikoden for, who knows?
I mean, if they announce that Suikoden was, like, one of the first PS2 games on PlayStation
Now, it would definitely give that service a big kick in the butt, like, in the up direction,
I think.
Whereas a lot of people are bitching about the price now and all that stuff, I mean,
if they sold Suikoden 2 at a flat fee with, like, trophy support and shit on PlayStation
Now, that's a huge boost for the service, I think.
But of course, I'm being very tinfoil-hat with that, but, you know, could be a thing,
could be a thing.
Uh, DarkSakura.
Well, uh, Sega 3D Classics was, uh, released, well, announced in Japan for a retail release,
which will include, uh, Space Harrier, Fantasy Zone, Outrun, Streets of Rage, Shinobi II,
Echo the Dolphin, um, Space Harrier, I already said Space Harrier, um, Outrun, uh, I already
said Outrun, too, didn't I?
Yeah.
Whatever.
Um, anyway, um, thank you, List, for being redundant.
Um, but anyway, it will be, uh, 3980 yen, um, and will be out December 18th for the
Nintendo 3DS, and hopefully we will hear about a US release before too long.
But I can tell you, if it's the same one as the Sega Ages release that came out, um,
those 3D versions of Space Harrier and Fantasy Zone are really good.
A bunch of fans have said, you know what, not having Mother 4 is shit, so they're making
it themselves.
Um, there's a fan-made project that's going to be out on PC, Mac, and Linux for free,
and it will basically be faithful to the story and art style of the last Mother games.
And last but not least, the bundle I just bought was the Humble Bundle weekly, uh, female
protagonist bundle.
It's called the Leading Ladies Bundle, and, um, so it has, uh, Ms. Splosion Man, uh, Lily
Looking Through, uh, RPG Defenders Quest, Valley of the Forgotten, um, and the Cat Lady,
which I kind of wanted for a while, so I just got it just to get Cat Lady.
Um, you can pay, uh, 6 bucks or more and get the Yogg and, or, uh, Long Live the Queen.
If you pay 10 bucks or more, you get, uh, the, uh, Valda's Story, Abyssal City.
So a good portion of the proceeds will go to Girls Make Games charity.
Go get it.
Buy lots of it.
I love the Humble Bundle.
They have a lot of good stuff on there.
Oh, it's a great way to contribute to my Steam library of games that I intend on playing
at some point.
Yeah, see, like, I wanted to buy the new Humble Bundle, but there's just too many repeats
for stuff that I have already.
Uh, SSG100Matt in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com, uh, responding to one of the other things
you talked about, DarkSakura, uh, SGA100Matt says, ETA to the shutdown order of that Mother
Project.
Yes.
Sadly, with Nintendo involved.
That's why you don't announce those things.
You just do it and release it.
When it's on the internet, it's done.
Exactly.
Maybe they're, maybe they're trying to recruit help.
That's probably part of the reason.
And so they have to kind of put it out there to recruit the help because, you know, you
got to work for free with stuff like that.
So that's why you use a project name and not, I don't know.
Yeah.
Might be hard though.
All right.
Uh, let's get to the foogle.
Sorry.
Not the fugello, but the foogle.
The foogle question.
Someday maybe.
I like that.
Foogle horn question of the week.
Did you ever play a foogle horn, DarkSakura?
I know you played a lot of instruments.
No.
I've eaten bugles though.
Does that count?
Delicious.
Not quite.
They're very corny, I guess.
Like your jokes.
All right.
Uh, you take Facebook, you take Google Plus, you slam those together, you get foogle plus
and the foogle question of the week.
Uh, let's get to it.
Every week we ask a question and this week is about PlayStation Home and we asked, will
you miss it?
Did you ever give it a try?
Are you sad to see it go?
Why or why not?
Uh, we'll start off over on Facebook with Burr who says, I always found it amusing when
people would compare Home to Second Life, only look at the graphics missing the point
late that the latter is all user created.
Make some tired joke about flying dongs and declare Home superior.
Meanwhile, Second Life is still alive and its graphics have improved to a point surpassing
Home.
KJ says, I won't miss PlayStation Home.
Well, maybe the 49 cents I paid for a ninja costume.
I miss my 49 cents frown.
Are you going to miss your Santa Claus outfit, Logie?
My guy seriously looks like a drunken, uh, like hobo Santa.
So it'll be, it'll make sense if I'm PlayStation homeless.
All right.
Let's go to Segg next who gave us two answers.
He gave us a TLDR version, but to be honest, I liked the long form answer, so I'm going
to read it.
In conversations about this in the past few weeks, the like dislike had a very interesting
gender overtone to it.
My friends who identify as male either liked it enough to enjoy what was there for free
or didn't care about it.
My female friends tried it out.
Get sexually harassed by men via the chat and character actions, never to return.
Home is best remembered by learning from the flaws.
The platform decisions you make in a game will directly affect the society it creates.
Playing with friends was hard if not impossible.
Even with all the premium housing, costumes, items, et cetera, there wasn't a good way
to show that off to people you know.
There was no way to make a better environment for yourself.
We all lived in public.
This leaves one with a sea of random people, abuse and all where flagging the behavior
was a journey in itself.
There were games that I enjoyed in the home platform.
Sure.
There were low level and basic, but some were fun, especially for free.
Ultimately, Sony didn't place their investments in the right way to make home better.
What we've left is what we're left with is a mediocre or less experience, which we can
learn lessons from in the future.
I think Destiny learned a bit of home's problems with the fire team functions.
Easy to add friends in a group, then everyone's always in the same instance of gameplay.
When you play with randoms, you don't see, you don't hear or see them speak.
Still, I'll take Uru missed online any day.
Note a friend of mine worked on home and is losing his job with his closure.
Thankfully, it's known with a timeline, so he's in a much better position to find his
next job.
So I know that was a long answer, but it definitely brought an interesting thing to light with
that whole gender issue.
It's not.
Yeah.
I mean, I don't know if it's necessarily a gender issue.
It's more of a people are anonymous on the Internet and they act like assholes issue.
And this has been something ever since voice chat on the Internet was not even voice chat.
Like chatting on the Internet was a thing.
Oh, my God, a girl.
Show me your boobs.
And it doesn't even be like it doesn't even have to be that you're a girl.
And I mean, if you're a nature of people, if your avatar is a girl in the game, you're
gonna get people acting like idiots because they can anonymously because there's no way
to get it tracked back to you.
Yeah.
We don't need feminism.
Just saying slash sarcasm.
But I like to play.
My character in Destiny's female.
Of course, I got punched in the face the other day, but I think that would have happened
no matter what.
But anyway, moving on.
Gaming nerd says I've never tried it myself and was always curious to check it out and
see what it was like.
Maybe some time before it shuts down for good, I'll have a look just to see what I've missed
out on.
And Chiggers says they should give everyone a store credit if they spent real money on
clothes or accessories since they're shutting it down.
See, Chiggers, I understand where that reaction comes from.
But the problem is this is something you have to understand when you buy gear in a virtual
game.
That game will go away.
And it doesn't matter what it is.
It's typically written into the terms of service as well.
So you agreed that they have the right to do this.
Exactly.
And I know it kind of like sucks in retrospect, but like literally any game you've bought
digital content for, that's another reason why I get nervous buying digital games.
I mean, sure, I can always redownload the game at a later date if I, you know, delete
the game off my system.
But what if one day Microsoft shuts off Xbox Live?
I mean, someday that's going to happen.
That's going to suck for being Titanfall.
So that's just I mean, these are all things you have to consider is that it is unlimited
time.
Anyway, just the thing that people need to realize, though, is that it's not they forced
you to do this or this, that, the other.
You agreed to it.
Yeah.
If you didn't agree to it, then you wouldn't be playing it right now.
It's also like a digital rental.
You know, you watch the movie and now it's gone.
Well, you don't get your money back, you know, because you got the value out of it for that
limited time that you agreed to, I guess, is the closest comparison I can think of.
Anyway, I don't mean to poo poo your opinion, Chiggers, but I just I kind of go, I see
that what you're saying is kind of like a real kind of like gut reaction.
But if you really kind of like look at the bigger picture, it's like, oh, anything digital
is going to have this problem.
And we hear this a lot with anything digital that shuts down.
All right.
I am the laziest.
I love.
No, I am the laziest.
No, I am the I am the laziest one.
I Dark Sakura just yawned.
She is the laziest.
All right.
Wow.
The man claiming to be the laziest says, I gave it a shot when I first got my PS3.
Then when I actually got games, I ignored it.
S2100 Matt says, I think home was a great idea ahead of its time.
That just didn't work out.
I think the next incarnation of it as possibly an onboard OS will be more useful and intuitive.
I was really hyped for it when it was announced because I saw the possibility of it being
a cool gaming social network.
And I finally played it when I got a PS3 many years later, and it looked totally deserted.
Over to Google Plus and getting some of our answers over there.
I think we had just a couple of answers on Google Plus, and I'm waiting on Google Plus
to load and show me those answers.
Here we go.
We have three comments tonight.
I'll start with DNL.
I love DNL.
DNL says, I used PlayStation Home and once upon a time was tapped to join the team.
I turned them down.
Ultimately, the execution of the system was not self-sustaining, monetization of the content
was non-existent, and integration into the home system was not seamless.
It was cumbersome to use at best, and I'm sad to say that the vision of the overall
product was shortchanged.
I'll be sad to see it go.
A very respectful but very accurate read that I have to agree with.
I mean, I think she hits the nail on the head when she says, where is it?
Integration into the home system was not seamless.
It was cumbersome to use at best.
I mean, that's my biggest issue with it, is that like on paper, I love the idea of home,
but like, here's me with my big finger pointing up saying this.
Anyhow, Reddertainment says, I remember spending a couple of hours fooling around in PlayStation
Home.
I played some of the games, wandered around in some of the spaces, and even took in the
uncharted area of home that Naughty Dog had set up.
In the end, I didn't find enough compelling inside of home to spend and substantive time
in it outside of the handful of times I briefly logged on.
Unfortunately, this is the experience that most people had with home.
Much like 1 versus 100, home had the promise of potential that was never actually realized.
Oh, kick me in the gut, why don't you?
But see, here's where I would argue.
One versus 100, I think was a little more realized in a way.
But anyway, I mean, can you imagine if they built something like 1 versus 100 into PlayStation
Home?
The biggest hurdle to that would have just been that seamlessness that we heard about
in the other comment.
But anyway, one more answer from ActDeft who says, PS Home wasn't something that appealed
to me or something that I had to get a PS3 for.
It had potential, but it lacked substance, so I can see why it failed and why it's getting
taken down.
Sucks for the people that actually enjoyed it and also had bought stuff for it, but in
this day and age of digital content, nothing lasts forever.
True facts.
Thanks for the answers.
Appreciate it, guys.
Again, you can friend us on Facebook and Google Plus and answer a future Google Question of
the Week.
Meanwhile, we get back into some long form news.
I usually ask for our perspectives on the question, but we kind of already talked about
that earlier in the show.
My perspective is...
Did you ever really get to try it?
I didn't care.
I read it because this is how I do about everything.
I read up on it, decide if I want to do it or not.
I read up on it.
It seemed like monumental waste of time to me.
I wouldn't call it a waste of time.
To me.
To me, it would have been a waste of time.
Some would say video games are a waste of time, but no, I understand everything's a
personal taste.
Keep in mind, I did try Second Life.
Did you?
And I stayed with it for two whole weeks.
Two whole weeks?
It was free.
It was when I was on my big Avatar kick.
Like the movie Avatar.
The movie Avatar.
Did people build pandorans?
Yeah, people did.
It was actually really cool.
It was really neat going around and seeing what other people created and just seeing
the different ways that people would try to interpret what they saw of their fandoms.
I saw some for various fantasy universes.
I kind of did avoid the sexy playground ones or whatever, but it was actually very robust.
Going to chat room, because we have Gossipy Dish in our chat room, and I love me some
Gossipy Dish over at live.vognetwork.com, and yet again, the SEG, who said earlier in
the show he should have driven up tonight, and I'm starting to agree, SEG.
You should have just been here tonight, because lots of great comments from SEG tonight.
SEG says, one versus 100 only failed because the ad team didn't do their job.
Talk to an engineer who worked on one versus 100 at GDC this year.
That literally was the reason.
Gold sales went up with one versus 100.
Is it that the ad team didn't or couldn't?
I mean, I'm just curious.
Not that I don't think you don't know the difference, but I'm wondering, was it that
people...
Yeah, now that I think about it, I only ever saw Sprint commercials on that thing.
That was the only company I ever saw back one versus 100.
Did no one else get it, maybe?
I don't know.
But SEG, if you haven't heard it, you got to hear last week's show because when we had
Jackbox Games on, they talked about how You Don't Know Jack was almost game number two
for that whole thing, and that was a huge...
I'm surprised more people aren't talking about what he said last week on the show, but there
you go.
I thought it was very interesting.
So anyway, let's move on.
More news.
Loki.
All right, I don't know how much news this really is, but apparently if you're digging,
you really, really want to play Minecraft on the Wii U, well, you're not going to be
able to play Minecraft on the Wii U right now, but don't worry because someone's there
to fill the void, and they're making their own Minecraft clone called U-Craft, and it's
by some anonymous developer, a licensed developer for the Wii U.
And it's a UND game.
I can totally tell, just screenshot, it's a UND game, but I don't know if you really
should be getting that excited about it because we've seen these kind of a dime a dozen on
the Xbox Indie game.
I was going to say, I was like, well, I don't think I've really seen studios do just straight
up Minecraft clones, and I'm like, wait a minute, no, Xbox Live Indie games, oh my God,
there was 100 million billion of them.
And even on mobile app stores, iTunes and Google Play, there's tons of them out there.
There are, and I'm going to tell you right now, I mean, once you get one on there, it's
not going to be the end of it, and especially now that the Wii U, you can export to the
Wii U using Unity, I'm sure you're going to see a lot more of these types of games.
But I just hope it's not like a literal, because a lot of these Minecraft clones, like I've
played, what was it, Castle Miner Z and stuff like that, and they're okay, I mean, they
were like a buck, and it had, you know, it's just like really terrible graphics, and it's
Minecraft with zombies and skeletons and shit, and you have guns.
I mean, that was kind of the difference.
And this right now, just in the screenshots, looks like it's very basic, I mean, they've
got the standard assets, you know, skybox in there, diffuse textures, it just looks
really basic, but they're claiming it's like an alpha, you know, the alpha images, but
I don't know, whatever, I mean, hey, cool, if it's cheap enough, you know what, it might
not be a bad thing to waste your time on, because there is a lot of those clones that
came out on Xbox Indie games that people really liked, so, cool, I hope that does come out
and maybe at least shows, you know, Mojang or Microsoft or whoever, that there might
be some interest on that platform.
Well, it's not gonna matter now, after Microsoft has no interest in building this on Nintendo,
well, I say that, but then I go back and think, oh yeah, there was a Viva Pinata 3DS game,
so I guess anything is fucking possible, but I just, I really don't see it happening.
I sort of think what needs to happen, if Nintendo really wants this to be a thing, then if this
hasn't already happened with whatever developer is making this, Nintendo needs to find the
developer capable of doing it and Pope Nintendo needs to bless the game by saying, you can
put Mario and Link in it, because if you can put Mario and Link in Minecraft or whatever,
then, then it'll sell, like, Mario goes mining, will sell 11 billion copies.
Think about it, if you could marry the Minecraft world with Mario, I mean, there it is.
Mario or what about, like, Rosetti?
Mr. Rosetti's Digging Adventure, and then he yells at you if you turn the game off too early.
I actually kind of love that idea.
Have you ever actually been in Mr. Rosetti's house in, uh...
Didn't it only show up, like, once in a blue moon type of thing?
I've managed to make it into his house.
Yeah, yeah.
He has a couple of toilets.
That's awesome.
Yeah.
What if the next Animal Crossing were to take elements of Minecraft?
I think they're actually...
It's not.
Yeah, I don't know.
I just...
Animal Crossing will never change.
Yeah, Animal Crossing does kind of have a forest.
The forest will always be the forest.
But man, I think about, like, what those games would look like if they could get married
a little bit, and it's kind of awesome, but, I don't know, maybe it's a bit much.
And I don't know, see, like, ironically enough, you know, for my game, I actually had to build
something that basically is like Minecraft, you know, for my editor, and, you know, what
they have on the screen is actually not that difficult to make.
I mean, there's tutorials out there that build that pretty easy, so, I don't know.
Hopefully it's fun, because that's really, when it comes down to the end of it, I mean,
it can look like shit, but if it's fun, it doesn't matter.
All right, well, this game's doing very well, because it's a lot of fun for a lot of people,
and that is League of Legends, but you know what makes this game not fun and really turns
some people off sometimes, like, you know, it's done with me and some other people I
know?
Assholes?
Assholes, that's right.
Toxic players.
People that are dicks.
Well, Riot Games has been doing, you know, to be fair, they've been trying to come up
with ways to sort of, you know, punish those toxic players and basically let them know
that they're not welcome inside League of Legends, and this is going to be interesting.
There is a patch coming to League of Legends, and if a player is voted down for negative
behavior, and they're already operating under a chat restriction, they will have to, I'm
sorry, what's happening in the game now, you are already operating under chat restriction
if you're voted down for negative behavior.
You have to play a certain number of games, and then you can speak in the game again.
So being able to speak in League of Legends is something you earn, essentially, if, you
know, you don't act like a jackass.
But here's another restriction that's coming with this patch.
You will not be able to play ranked play.
That's right.
Ranked restricted players will have a certain number of games that you have to play before
you can return to queuing for ranked matches, meaning, what's the only possible pool of
players?
They'll have to play with new players in the basic pool to work their way back up to the
ranked pool, and not only do they have to play with the basic players, they have to
act nice, because if they keep getting ranked down, they'll never get to see the ranked
matches again.
This is kind of awesome.
I love it.
I love it!
Good job, Riot Games.
If you are too deeply in negative territory and rank restricted at the end of a given
competitive season, you will be ineligible for receiving special rewards for ranked play.
So it's like, Riot Games is now written, you will not be a dick into the rules.
If you want to get rewards, you will not be a jerk.
Jerks do not get rewarded.
Super Nanny is at work over at Riot Games, and I love this.
What do you guys think in our chatroom over at live.volgnetwork.com?
I'm applauding it with my brain.
Let's see, Act F says, my brother plays League of Legends and just uses Skype instead
of the in-game chat.
When he's playing with friends, of course.
When he isn't, he just doesn't talk.
SSG100Matt says, hmm, I just wonder how people can abuse this, like an entire clan downvoting
one person just to be a jerk.
Ooh, I hope that isn't something that people can take advantage of.
The Segg says, I don't know if throwing the most toxic players to your new users is a
good idea.
Ah, but at the same time.
As long as they can't talk to them.
If they can't talk to them, remember, they already got their right to talk stripped away.
So if they don't shape up, they have to ship out.
Bojikawa says, to be honest, I like that a lot.
I never do ranked matches and usually just hush if someone wants to start talking out
of their butt.
And Fifth Dream says, that should be the first line in any end user license agreement.
You agree to not be a jerk.
That should be like the big font right at the top.
Loki, is the game you're making going to have online play?
Because I think your EULA should have that in like 24 point font right at the top.
I can put it on there anyways, but no, it's not, at least right now I'm not planning on
doing any sort of online stuff.
It could pop up with a question.
Like when you start the game, are you a jerk?
Yes or no.
And if they click yes, the game uninstalls.
It's kind of dumb.
No, I'm not going to do that.
Ah, you're no fun at all.
Alright, let's move on.
Dark Sakura.
This one actually, what gave me the decision to post this story was Becky's reaction to
it.
Because as you know, my best friend Becky has a seven year old.
It's a game called Galaxies, G-A-L-X-Y-Z.
And it's put out, it actually has affiliation with the New York Academy of Sciences.
The game is launching in 2015, and it's going to be an online educational game for children.
Basically it's kindergarteners through 12th graders.
It was created because a dad saw his kids getting bored playing science education games.
He wanted them to be challenging, which makes them more effective.
And so his name is Osman Rashid, and he's the CEO of Galaxies.
And this is a quote from him, students have more capacity to learn than we give them credit
for.
They are naturally perceptive and will easily see through the products that seek to fool
them into thinking they're fun.
So basically, the New York Academy of Sciences is going to be keeping an eye on students
as they play the game across the world that show more science aptitude.
And those that excel will be considered for free science education through an online talent
organization called the Junior Academy.
And so if they are let in, they will get mentoring, high-level online science courses, and opportunities
to participate on research teams.
So they're starting with an initial pool of 500 students and are hoping to increase into
the thousands as the project goes on.
So I think this is really awesome.
Hooray for science.
We don't talk enough about like edutainment games on the show, really.
So it's kind of neat to always see how they kind of bridge education and gaming together,
you know.
You can learn more about it at galaxies.com, g-a-l-y-x-z.com.
All right.
Do you think do you think lots of kids will learn about science thanks to this?
I hope so.
I'd really the thing is, this is not so much learning as seeing because I always think
that when it's something that you can be engaged in, that's what makes it fun and interesting
to keep up with it.
And when you start participating with it and finding a reason to keep participating, then
you're going to keep learning something.
It's going to be something new every time.
It'll keep bringing you back instead of making it seem like just something they're shoving
down your throat, like, you know, linear algebra.
Tiger Claw in chat says, now only if these games had people perform actual science experiments.
You mean like on Mr. Wizard's World, even though they would always have the disclaimer,
don't try this at home?
You know, you know, he hated children, right?
You know, you're going to do that at home.
I've always heard.
I always thought that was urban legend and not actually fact, but that's kind of like
one of those, like the same urban legend that Mr. Rogers was like a trained sharpshooter
in the military or something like that was completely not true.
He was a Methodist minister, but still just people love the imagery of Mr. Rogers, like
carrying around a sniper rifle, just, you know, won't you be my neighbor?
My dead neighbor.
All right.
Moving on.
Loki.
All right.
So there is a lawsuit against Activision.
I don't even really remember this.
I think this was from a while ago, but there was a lawsuit where there was a, I guess,
regarding a patent that a company called them, was it McRoe Inc had, which was automatic
animated lip synchronization and facial expressions of 3D characters.
So basically they took a, you see a lot of this with like patent trolls where they took
the process for, you know, lip syncing something like you would do in like a cartoon or something
and add on a computer to the end of the patent.
And so like there was a precedent set with, was it Alice Corp versus a CLS bank international,
where I think it was the same type of situation where they were like, okay, we have a patent
for banking, you know, like something banking related, but on a computer, you know?
And so because the precedent was set by that case in which they invalidated those patents,
the same thing kind of happened here where the case was dismissed and those patents that
were owned by McRoe were actually invalidated because you can't just add on a computer at
the end of a patent and hope to have something brand new.
So hopefully, hopefully they did this a lot more with different, you know, uh, patents
because there's a lot of them.
Yeah, like the podcasting patent.
That would be fantastic if that happened to this.
Well, that one's tough because people keep settling with them when they, you know, win
or lose.
I don't know.
I don't think they've won any of them, but they keep settling.
I think they keep settling.
I think they're going to go after the NBC or yeah, NBC, CBS.
They've basically said they're not going to go after like individual podcasters with these
big companies.
Anyway, I'm starting to digress, but it is, it is obviously an issue that raises all of
our eyebrows because it's a little ridiculous.
If you ask me, it's like claiming to invent the RSS feed, but anyway, anyway, all right.
Another week, another lawsuit here on the program.
Uh, let's talk about something that, uh, probably would be a lawsuit except it's a Chinese bootleg
and there's really not a lot he can do about that because this happens all the time.
But it has to do with a hearthstone bootleg in China, but it's not what you think.
It's not the computer version of hearthstone being bootlegged.
It's like an actual tangible version of hearthstone.
Yes.
Uh, in, in China, they have actually made a like paper version of hearthstone with like
printed cards and everything and counters to keep track of life's and all this stuff.
It's a physical version of hearthstone.
So, uh, yeah, um, you can apparently track this down in China for about $50, uh, even
though the original is free to play, but, uh, there it is.
Uh, you can read more about this if you want games in Asia.com has a full rundown on this,
uh, real life hearthstone cards, and you can even see what some of these like little counters
that count down the life and so forth look like.
Um, but there was a, uh, there's no coin to flip to start the match at the beginning.
They have a coin card itself though, which is part of the game.
So, uh, yeah, there it is hearthstone is available, um, tangibly overseas.
Interesting.
I wonder if there would be enough demand for this if Blizzard's interested at all in putting
out a physical version of this.
I would think probably not because they're making all their money off the, uh, you know,
the, the cards and the mystery packs, the open and all that stuff.
But, uh, interesting, uh, fifth dream in chat says, I assume they were going to make a real
one.
So, uh, Bochi Kawa says Wizards of the Coast needs to get on top of that market.
So there it is.
All right.
Um, let's get into the mailbag.
Every week you guys send us emails and, uh, we bootleg with your permission, your emails
and read them on the show.
Participate at orangelauntrader.com is the place to send your emails.
Darsakha will dive into the mailbag and, uh, pull out whatever emails there are and, uh,
make sure that they are fit for user consumption, that, you know, it's not like a penis enlargement
email that somebody's sending the show.
Uh, she will read it for all of our, uh, listeners and for us here in studio to respond to.
So participate at orangelauntrader.com, Darsakha, what's in the mailbag tonight?
One mail.
One?
Hi, OLR.
Just a quick email for you guys.
Please know Kim Kardashian Music.
You mentioned last week something about who would name their company Skynet.
Funny story, the biggest telecom company in Belgium, Belgacom, calls their ISP Skynet.
According to Wikipedia, Skynet's operations are almost, uh, almost exclusively performed
by war machines, cyborg, usually a terminator, and, it gives a link, and other computer systems
with the goal of exterminating the human race.
This is fairly accurate as having to deal with their customer service will surely make
you want to kill the person on the other end of the phone, thus contributing to exterminating
the human race.
I hope you make it to episode 666, and thanks to Rob for posting the podcast promptly nowadays
so your overseas listeners can enjoy it on Monday morning.
All the best, Martin from Belgium.
Hooray, emails from overseas, and you're welcome, and, uh, yeah.
Semi-chocolate.
I've been a good boy about posting podcasts pretty promptly for a few years now.
Martin, semi-chocolate.
I haven't had good Belgian chocolate in ages.
No, seriously, Belgian chocolate is, like, the best chocolate in the world.
Here's what I want to know.
And, Darsakar, I know you weren't here last week, but in a nutshell, um, Square Enix is
going to be doing a cloud computing service called Shinra, which, you know, right?
Yeah, see?
And so I said, that would be like announcing a new computing service that you're calling
Skynet.
And so that's why he sent in this email.
So my question is, is the terminator, like, a big part of pop culture in Belgium like
it is here?
Or is it, like, not really a, like, people don't know what that is?
That would explain that.
I've actually never been to Belgium, Rob.
Me neither.
Let's go.
Let's go right now.
Martin, we're going to come stay in your living room.
That's right.
We're crashing.
Clean off the couch.
Have some chocolate waiting for me.
Have some fries waiting for me.
Loki, you want to come with?
We're going to Belgium.
What about fries in Belgium?
Waffles.
All right, waffles.
Waffles, fries, and chocolate.
Hey, Rob.
What?
Penguins in sweaters.
That's not in the mailbag.
No, it's not.
But I just scrolled past it and I thought of you.
All right.
Participate at orangeloungeradio.com if you want to send us an email for a future week.
And it can be from whatever country you want.
We'll even take emails from Ohio, of which I'm expecting a few this week.
All right.
I have no fucking problem with Ohio.
Stop it.
Every state has fucking boring shit in it.
Let's de- Especially New Jersey.
Let's detail them all right now.
All right.
You can hear Dark Soccer is starting to get agitated and there's no better time during
the show to do the FUs of the Week.
Fuck my headache.
Fuck my headache.
I'm so just tired all the time, so fuck being tired too.
I mean, okay.
I really love what I do.
Love it.
And no, I'm not telling any of you where I work, but I love it.
At the same time, holy shit, I just like to be home for an entire day, so.
I love what I do too, but I also really love sitting on the couch and playing video games
all day.
I love not wearing pants.
That's why you work from home, if you can.
I like- Well, there's just some days I'll be like, it's lunchtime.
I'd like to be home in my pajamas right now.
It's my break.
I'd like to be home in my pajamas right now.
No.
No, I really- I like what I do.
I am happy, happy, happy to dedicate the time that I do to it because this is the first
place I've worked at in ages that I have actually really felt like I'm contributing.
You know, like I'm a part of things and I really love it, but I'm really tired at the
same time and with just like a day where nobody asks me to draw something, I don't
have to do flyers, I don't have to talk to people, I don't have to look at people, I
don't have to wear actual clothes or makeup or- my hair could be a big poofy rat's nest.
Don't care.
It's just me and the cat eating ice cream, both of us out of the same bowl, watching
YouTube.
It'd be great.
Alright.
Look, I want to say something, but I can't talk about your job, so I'll say it off here.
Alright, Loki.
Fuck you, the farmer's insurance, mainly all the independent farmer's insurance agents
out there.
That seriously is such a pyramid scheme.
You're looking for work that happened to be dumb enough to post your resume online publicly,
you will get called by literally thousands of these people because for some reason there's
all these independent branches.
Can you imagine how the massive army of farmer's insurance people that are actually trying
to get people to buy insurance from them?
No thanks.
My FU of the week goes to my lack of motivation to really buckle down and lose some weight
because I really want to get on that and I just keep falling off the wagon continuously
over and over again and I know that the chips are so good.
I need to channel the strength of Richard Simmons, who by the way tweeted me this week
and I quit the internet because once you get Richard Simmons to tweet you, you win.
Are you going to glitter squat?
That's the only way I'm going to lose weight is to glitter squat and if you don't know
what I'm talking about, you need to go to Richard Simmons Facebook page and if you hate
Richard Simmons or you make fun of Richard Simmons, I'm coming for you.
Ain't nobody got time for a Richard Simmons hater because seriously, what negative thing
has that man ever done?
He does nothing but help people.
He's a good person.
I love him.
Platonically, don't take it to a weird place, but he tweeted me and I win the internet and
you lost.
Yeah.
All right, let's get to a couple more stories for you guys and then we'll open up the
Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR or a username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
Let's get to the last few news stories here.
Loki.
All right.
So Steam has hit a milestone surpassing a hundred million users.
With that also, of course, they've added the whole curation system now.
So now you can actually, I believe if you have a Steam group, you can add your own curation
page where you can recommend different games and give them reviews and that kind of stuff
and people can go visit that.
And you may have been seeing a lot of this on like social media where they're talking
about like, hey, go like our curation page or go join it or something like that.
So they have that.
And then of course, the Steam music player that was in beta for the longest time has
now been released.
So you can actually use the Steam music player.
It's integrated into Steam and use your own library with that.
So kind of one of the things that they're going to be using for the Steam OS and be
curious to see what other kind of non-gaming applications they have for Steam OS because
we don't really know too much about it yet.
Yeah.
What is the status of all that stuff with Steam?
I noticed though that Steam, like it looks a lot different now.
Like they did some weird, like it looks blue and they use some different fonts.
Like I like its look.
I like the blue look a lot because you know, blue is prettier than gray, but it definitely
looks like they're like ramping up to something.
But what was the last on this whole Steam OS?
I have no idea.
Another cool thing about the Steam music player, if you do happen to check it out, you'll notice
if you own some Valve games that you'll have the soundtracks for said games.
So like Half-Life, Portal, Portal 2, and also I guess was it they've got, I wonder if that's
how Humble Bundle is going to do the soundtracks in the future.
Possibly that'd be pretty cool.
I bet it is.
Have like a Steam code for the soundtrack.
Have you tried Steam in big picture mode lately?
It's a slick little interface.
I haven't tried it lately, but I've used it in the past.
I've looked at big picture mode, but you know, on my laptop, it's kind of useless.
Yeah, no, it's a, I was actually just using it last night cause I was feeling lazy and
I just kind of had the controller and I was like, well, it also, when you upgraded Steam,
and I don't know if this is just because I'm opted into the beta program, a little picture
of a controller now shows up in the upper right.
Yeah.
And I was like, what's this do?
And I clicked it and it was like, oh, it's in big picture mode.
And I was like, wow, this is like all splashy and blue and different from what I remember.
So yeah, it's, it feels very fluid and that that's what led me to playing things like
Crypt of the Necrodancer again and stuff that that's enabled for big picture mode.
It's like, it's like playing a, playing a Xbox or something.
It's great.
So fifth dream in chat says, how do I delete these valve albums from my Steam player?
It's not like they gave you, you too.
Come on, don't even start.
Let's see.
Uh, what else?
Act F says Steam is blue da ba dee ba da ba dee ba ba dee.
Oh boy.
Uh, and, uh, Causton says Humble doesn't do Steam codes anymore.
Unfortunately.
Why did they link them to your Steam account?
Oh yeah, that's right.
You link them to your account instead.
That's okay.
That's not, that's the same thing.
Not entirely true because I had to enter a Steam code in, I think for, um, road redemption.
It might, it might depend on what it is you're getting through the Humble store and just
like what, you know, Kickstarter might be a different thing.
Who knows?
Anyhow.
I kind of like that I don't have to enter in Steam code sometimes, so I'm all in with
that.
Bobby Black Wolf is toying with what I said earlier about big picture mode and Xbox saying,
you mean it's like playing a Steam box?
Well, yes, it is actually a lot like that, but it's cool that I can get the sense of
what that would really feel like, like on my PC.
I don't know.
It's just kind of, and that I didn't actually buy a damn Steam box.
I just am using my PC to do it.
It's still kind of neat.
So all right, let's move on with one more story here about speaking about consoles and
what they really do.
Game consoles are actually the most popular streaming device in most American homes.
And a lot of you guys are probably sitting here going, well, I probably could have told
you that.
But this is important because this is research from Parks Associates, which was reported
on in Home Media Magazine, 46% of American households with broadband have a video game
console connected, and 38% use said console as their primary means of streaming entertainment
like Netflix or Hulu.
But here's the thing.
A comment from Barbara Krauss, who's the director of research, says, quote, gaming consoles
are the most frequently used connected CE device because of their high adoption rates.
Of the broadband households that have only one connected CE device, nearly 60% have a
game console.
As the non-gaming capabilities of consoles have expanded, so too has the potential for
consoles to become an entertainment platform for online content such as video, music, and
apps.
So this means that right now consoles are bigger than Roku, Amazon Fire, Apple TV, Google
TV, Google Chromecast.
Only 9% use a Blu-ray disc player that has all that stuff built into it.
I mean, gaming consoles really are becoming that all-in-one box.
So even more so than, you know, when I, it wasn't really till I heard this is bigger
than Roku and Apple TV when I was like, oh shit, gaming consoles like really are kind
of a big deal with the streaming stuff.
So kind of neat to hear about, but also kind of shows you this is why sometimes Microsoft
walks out on stage and has a press conference that is TV, TV, TV, TV, and why Sony might
spend part of their E3 conference talking TV, TV, TV, because it is getting bigger.
That's what these things do.
And you know, another article I saw on this made the comparison to, oh, hey, remember
the PlayStation 2 and why it did so well because it played DVDs.
So game consoles being an all-in-one media box, definitely not a new thing.
So let's see.
Brad from Pod Culture says the biggest missing feature from Xbox One for me was the connection
to Media Center.
I comment from our chat over live.vognetwork.com along with Kane Shadow who says consoles is
for media centers, not video games.
Games are just the sideshow.
That's it.
This is a media box that happens to play games too.
That's where we're headed.
All right.
Anyhow, that does it for our stories tonight.
We are done with the stories, but that means now it's on to you guys and you can call us
right now.
Our Skype line is open at 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is orangeloungeradio
if there's something you want to give your thoughts on that we've talked about tonight
or any other topic as well, maybe something we didn't get to, although I got to say just
in trying to put together this week's show and everything, I was like, boy, it was kind
of a slow news week.
So I don't know.
That's pretty slow.
I don't know what we might have missed, but maybe you guys are on something that, you
know, or maybe there's like a project we overlooked or a funny YouTube or something that you want
to talk about or something else.
Who knows?
Let's get to it though.
The phone is ringing.
Hi, you're on Orange Songs Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, guys.
It's Jason.
Hey, Jason, buddy.
How you doing?
I'm doing pretty good.
You are, but I understand you don't actually live in California.
Yeah.
Well, after being on the show for like three months straight, you might think otherwise.
Oh, come on.
We love to have you here.
What's on your mind, buddy?
So you made a comment earlier when we were talking about the esports arena.
I like the fact that I've adopted the royal we.
Well, that's the intro for you.
You made the comment when talking about the story about the esports arena, and you said
that you feel that that should be getting put to use for things besides just gaming.
I think you named us a couple of artists and actually like that kind of a performance.
It was a little bit of a...
Not a joke, but more of a, you know, just to kind of show like, you know, there are
performers that do big arena shows that, you know, or the circus or Disney on ice or whatever
else an arena is used for.
And so I guess the question that I wanted to ask you though is, do you know how many
like, as far as Korea is concerned and like the legitimate, for lack of a better word,
esports circuit, do you know how many gaming events take place?
Yes, but we're not on Korea's level yet.
We're nowhere close to that.
But when should we actually take those same steps?
Well, I'm not saying that the gaming arena is like a bad thing or anything.
I'm just surprised that they're not talking about a multipurpose arena, that this is like
a gaming dedicated thing, because I wouldn't think that these huge gaming events happen
365 days a year.
I mean, maybe I'm wrong.
I think it is already there.
And I think the fact that there is a dedicated venue for this, the problem is going to be
like when you go to branch out into different games, how many like game facilities do they
have?
But like WCS, if I remember correctly, they stopped doing it in America.
But there was some circuit that I was watching a Starcraft match in a New York tower that
the view on stream, just like watch the players and then just look behind them, look out the
window.
Gorgeous view.
They were like 50, 60 stories up in some New York tower.
Anyways, it was good.
You said something else about, you know, what would be, what's the problem or so forth.
And I'm said, the problem is, and I'm going to get haters with this comment and I'm sorry,
but the problem is it's in Ohio.
But the only people that need to be there are the players.
Like web streams are such that everybody can watch at home and it really doesn't matter
where they have to fill the arena to not necessarily, not except for the biggest like finals events.
So the, the point that I, the point that I was making about the New York tower thing
is that I was watching at like three or four in the morning local.
So it was what, 7am New York and it was a bunch of overseas players, which was even
crazier for like jet lag purposes and all that kind of stuff.
But it was like crack of dawn first thing in the morning in a New York tower and American
circuit Starcraft matches.
So the, my counterpoint is that there is already enough content that with a dedicated space,
they can put the facility to use for everything to be set up correctly and then just add concessions
and do everything else they need for the big grand arena, 16 player, semi-finals, quarter
finals, finals kind of thing.
I don't know.
I mean, I get, we'll see.
It's just an arena seems like such a big, big undertaking and I'm just, again, I'm just
surprised we're talking about it only for gaming and not more of a community thing.
But keep in mind too, here's where my perspective is that right now is that here in Sacramento,
they have been fighting tooth and nail for years to get a new arena.
And this really doesn't have anything to do with gaming, but just to show you where
my perspective is that they've been fighting tooth and nail for years to get a new arena
downtown and they threatened to move our only professional sports team, uh, ma major league,
I should say, uh, the Sacramento Kings, part of the NBA, right?
They threatened to move them to Seattle and they literally almost left because their current
arena Arco arena is so, or whatever the fuck they call it now, but it's always be Arco
arena to me, I guess they say is too damn old and falling apart or whatever.
So basically the NBA strong armed the town into building a new arena, but they had to
kind of be like, it's not just about basketball, it's going to be the downtown spot for all
these events.
So we're going to lure all these, you know, artists and concerts.
So I guess that's why Jason, and at the end of the day, my head is that, how did the community
let them build this fucking arena just for games?
But again, 15 minutes outside of major city, Ohio and downtown Sacramento, I suppose are
much different, but yeah, and there's a lot of other details like the fact that it may
not be quite as big as a multipurpose arena.
Um, and they may have to concede to do that in the future to let other events in and do
that kind of thing just because it does make sense.
But I, I, I don't follow esports, uh, esports games enough to say that I'm like gonna be
a fan and support this kind of stuff.
I'm hopeful for it for the people that do this kind of thing.
There is enough gaming variety, variety out there that things can be happening very perpetually.
Every first person shooter, every strategy game, special events.
I mean, they could eat not, not even just esports, but just gaming events in general,
like big, big debuts, uh, uh, uh, SDA speed run, uh, speed running events can take place
there.
Like the, the amount of content that's grown to such in the gaming world that a lot can
be done with a dedicated, well-stocked, wired up venue, and I'm looking forward to that.
You know, you won't really be seeing me getting on a plane to Ohio anytime soon to, to go
to one of these events in person, unless they, they asked me to host one.
Then I'd be, I'd be, I'd so be there.
I'll be, I'll, I'll go to the Rock and Roll Museum.
I will go to Cedar Point and take some selfies.
You'll be hosting this event with none other than Richard Simmons.
Oh my, I would die.
He's my hero.
I would, oh my God.
I just, just, I could drop dead the next day and I would have lived a full life anyway.
Why don't we have a Richard Simmons fitness video game?
There's I, I was, you know, what got me the tweet on Twitter from Richard Simmons was
I was asking, why doesn't Richard Simmons have a podcast?
Because I would listen every day to a Richard Simmons podcast.
And then my buddy Spike from Game Buoy said something to that.
And then I think I replied to that just with just something general that was like, um,
I just think Richard Simmons is motivated by what he really does for people and not
like by money.
And he, that's where Richard Simmons replied and said, thank you for your kind words, XO.
So because they haven't made a microphone, they could keep up with him.
Anyway.
Um, well, Jason, thank you very much for the call.
I'm going to let you go, but I just want to address one other thing you brought up, like
just way in passing at the very beginning of your call and you probably didn't even
mean to go here, but I just want to make sure I clear the air on something.
I am totally fine with our callers using we that's totally fine because this is the
show where every gamer has a voice and it is your show as well as our show.
So when you call in and talk about, we talked about this or we, we did so we is fine anytime.
We did.
We, the community, we, the vogue.
All right.
Well now we're going to hang up on you.
Absolutely.
All right.
Take care, buddy.
Bye.
One eight seven seven game OLR.
Our username on Skype, orange lounge radio.
Uh, if you'd like to get through, I was going to read some tweets, but I wasn't really
seeing a whole lot on the Twitters this week, um, for questions or things like that.
There's a lot of activity, but it was mostly just like some talking back and forth.
That's how we got our guests for October 12th was through Twitter, but I'll talk more about
that next week.
Um, Oh, I did see one quick little tweet here.
There's the one I wanted to see, uh, from red.
The Hayes had tweeted us saying, uh, S sky and dark soccer and OLR.
This sounds like up y'all's alley.
F zero meets audio surf and it's a game called specter game.
The only issue I had with it is that it's like only available for like systems.
I don't have like Xbox one and windows phone, but I think it said it was coming to, um,
iOS at some point as well in Android.
So that's kind of cool.
And chip Zell does the music to it.
And you honestly sold me right there because, uh, she's great.
Like super hexagons, like one of the greatest soundtracks out there.
But anyway, we are getting other calls, so let's get to it.
Hi, you're on orange launch radio.
Who is this?
Hey, it's Ron.
What's up everyone?
Hey, uh, not much.
How are you?
I am good.
Rob, get the coffee.
We got a dish.
We got a dish.
All right.
Well, we're going to dish more.
We've got to dish so much tonight.
I love it.
What are we dishing about?
Okay.
I don't know if you remember, but two years ago I called in and did my review of Otacon
and I talked about a particular fan game that was more or less based on the convention
itself called crisis heart brawlers.
I mean, you talk about a lot of cons on this show, but I do remember this whole talk about
like a game.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I sort of remember this.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, they had a Kickstarter to raise the funds and an article popped up recently.
Like where are they now?
Like what's going on?
Evidently, they, I think they hit their funds with the Kickstarter, but you know, as with
most Kickstarters, when it comes to independent games, it's not enough to fill what they need
to do.
So pretty much, I think you have a pretty good idea where this went.
Down the toilet?
More or less.
A couple of friends of mine who were voice acting in the game pretty much had to beg
the studio to pay them pretty much.
Wow.
And when I had discussed this, a friend of a friend messaged me and pretty much told
me before the Kickstarter, this guy who was behind the studio, he financially backed this
guy to get some of these projects off the ground.
Pretty much this guy, I like to call him a poor man Steve Jobs cross PT Barnum.
Wow.
Well, the good news is, good in quotes, is that these types of Kickstarters aren't really
going to work in the future because you know, Kickstarter changed their terms of service
like two weeks ago and it can't legally retroactively apply to old Kickstarters, but moving forward,
people that donate to Kickstarters that don't get anything as a result will have the rights
to take legal action against the people that do the Kickstarter.
So don't be going on Kickstarter planning to steal people's money because you're going
to be hurting.
Yeah, that's what it boils down to.
And I've dealt with a few Kickstarters in the past, you know, I've covered where it
gets quiet, nobody knows what's going on.
The people who backed it start raising hell and then the people behind the Kickstarter
just miraculously show up out of nowhere and just start, this is what we're going to do,
this is what we're going to do.
And they start sending out the gifts, the prizes and everything.
As for this one, he appeared to say the game is still in production, but that's the last
of it.
No gifts or anything have been passed out in between you and me.
If I had Kickstarted at $500 to this, I'd be ready to hang somebody.
But how's the convention doing in spite of all this?
I mean, did it have any type of official blessing of the convention or no?
They did.
But because there was no updates or changes or anything, they've pulled out of the project
so the game is now called Crisis Heart Brawlers instead of like Otakon or whatever, you know.
The Otakorp felt that they didn't want to be attached to it because there has been no
update and it kind of seems very unprofessional.
It's vaporware.
Yeah.
Actually the person that told me this information, he pretty much believes it's going to be vaporware
because the same issue I see with Kickstarter, when people Kickstart video games and other
projects and so forth, I tell people, start small and build your way up.
This guy started out big and wanted to keep going bigger.
He was trying to do something, he was trying to pretty much one-up Scott Pilgrim versus
the world of the game.
Well now, what about what Loki's doing because you know Loki refuses to build a Pong clone.
He's going big on his first project but of course, he hasn't taken a dime from anybody
either.
Well, that's okay because this is his own money, so hey.
That's right.
I would.
I mean, it will definitely help but no, I haven't done a Kickstarter yet.
I'm not saying that I wouldn't.
I probably would actually.
But you're waiting until you actually have something done and you want to Kickstart more
like the publishing of the title is what I'm getting right now.
Yeah, pretty much because I don't really need anything for the development because it's
just my time.
I'm not going to hire like people coders and stuff like that.
I would need just, it's basically just music and any software that I have to pay for the
licensing for.
You should get Marisa to do narration for you.
Well, yeah.
I was thinking her and I have another friend that does voice acting too, so I've got people
lined up.
I want to be in it.
I can use my wacky morning DJ voice.
That's fine.
You're playing the Loki game.
Hey, more talent the better, okay?
I'm down with that.
Otherwise, I don't want to tell the voice.
Marisa is true talent, but you know, I'll make your flyers.
Everybody excels in something.
We'll do video game posters.
Everybody excels in something.
We can all help.
I'll do cabinet art.
There you go.
All right.
That sounds pretty cool because that was one of the main problems with this.
This guy who wanted to make this, he has no software experience.
He was just a rep.
He was bringing people in to design this game based on his idea.
Yeah.
Well, it's going to be a lot harder to put those types of Kickstarters through in the
future.
That's for damn sure.
That's good.
All right.
Well, Rama, I'm out of coffee now, so.
Well, maybe Sailor Chibi Arthur can get you some.
That thing has been posted to my Facebook wall three times now, but it's great.
I believe in Sailor B.
Me too.
I would probably watch more Sailor Moon if it was the Golden Girls starring in it.
Let's be real.
Not that I'm hating.
I know you're not hating because once all the DVDs come out through Viz, you know Alan's
going to get them and he's going to sit you down and you're going to have a moon marathon.
No, he'll be too busy playing.
I was going to be on the left.
No.
Jamie's going to be on the right.
You're going to be stuck in the middle.
So enjoy.
He'll be too busy playing Final Fantasy XIV.
I'm still just going to kidnap Rob and sit him down with my Crunchyroll subscription.
Now, I'm talking about the original 200 episodes, the classic, not Crystal.
I like Crystal.
I know, but I'm just saying the DVDs, I already have mine pre-ordered, so.
I'm not bothering because I've actually still got my fan subs, if that says anything.
I still have my raw copies.
I still have my fan subs too, but I am really enjoying the dub so far, so I'm just-
Refusal, refusal, refusal, refusal.
All right, nerds.
I'm ending this talk so we can get more calls.
Pot Meets Kettle.
Rob?
Well, yeah.
Pot Meets Kettle?
I know, right?
Hey, did you go to the Hyrule Warriors thing at the Nintendo store?
I would have, but there was something stopping me.
It's called work.
Dope.
Yes.
Hate it when we get foiled by work.
Yes.
And one more thing before I get out of here.
I know people have given me shit for this on my own Facebook, but a deal is a deal.
Lightning Returns, Final Fantasy XIII, 40 bucks at Target.
You can't beat that.
I'm going to hold out and maybe the Steam version will be even cheaper.
That's-
I don't, like, the first one's like, what, 12 bucks on Steam right now?
I have all three for the PS3, and much as I know everyone enjoys Steam, but I'd rather
play a game like this in front of my 32-inch instead of my little inky dinky 21-inch.
I completely understand.
I like having my two monitors so that I can actually just jabber with people while I'm
playing my game.
Everybody's got their thing.
And not hurt my hand.
All right, Rom.
I'm going to let you go.
Take care, buddy.
You got it, bro.
All right.
Anime Jam Session.
Listen to it.
Or I'll kick you in the foot.
I want to be on it again.
Listen to the show or else Mako-chan will come after you, and that's not going to be
pretty.
Ron-chan, I want to be on again.
Working on it.
Kay.
All right.
Bye.
Bye.
1877 Game OLR, or a username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
How about any- I don't- I doubt there is any, but I'm going to check with Loki anyway.
Is there any last-minute stories?
No.
I had a feeling.
I have a last-minute statement.
There's cake waiting for me at Becky's house.
Where's my cake?
You can come with me.
I'm sure she'd give you cake.
I would, but I have to- It's pumpkin chocolate.
I have to go pick up Alan, and I have to edit the show, and I have to take this phone call
because we've got at least one more call coming in.
Let's get to it.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
A seg enters OrangeLoungeRadio audio broadcast.
I'll throw a pester ball.
Quick.
Get up defensive shields.
Red alert.
Shucks, how are y'all doing?
Great.
You know what?
I'll be here in person.
This is the next best thing, right?
Yeah.
I was even thinking this afternoon, like, you know, I wonder ... Nah, I shouldn't ... Oh,
well.
You're always welcome.
Just try to let me know in advance because- No, I know.
That's why I figured I didn't let you know in advance.
Like, that's too late.
Well, honestly- You've gone too far.
If you'd told me this afternoon, I would have been like, sure, I ain't got anything going
on tonight.
But anyway, seg, of all the many things you've commented on during the show tonight, I'm
dying to know which one you called in about.
What's up?
Well, you know, just to bring back on home a little bit and to expand on that, first
of all, I think it needs to be said that that was going on for five years?
How long?
It's been a while.
And I think that's really a credit that it ran so long.
Yes, because at least ... And I would credit Sony with that because Microsoft would have
pulled the plug on it in nine months if their track record is any indication.
Hello, game room.
Hello, one versus 100.
Hello, Kinect.
Anyway, so I actually credit Sony a little more for believing in that, and that's a good
thing.
That's a good thing.
Yeah, exactly.
And what I don't like to necessarily just go, oh, it's closing, therefore it was bad,
but try to learn from it.
And I think that's what we all should do is just celebrate what it was for all its good
and bad and expand from it.
And I don't think ... This is sort of something that was inevitable.
As PlayStation 3s come off of the living room shelves and get replaced with PlayStation
4s, the real question became not when is PlayStation Home going to disappear from PlayStation 3,
but are they going to continue it on PlayStation 4?
And unfortunately, it appears the answer is no if we're hearing about layoffs.
Yeah, which is sad.
But at least with this, they know it's coming and it's schedulable, and they have five years
to look, to point at, so ... Yes, and which you can't always do in the
games industry.
I mean, we hear all these stories every day about, oh, Microsoft just axed 8,000 people
today.
So at least there's that sort of dignity with it, so that's really good.
So the other pivot I want to make, and I know it's a little bit promotion-y, but there's
a, well, actually a street fair for video games coming up, again, in the LA area called
Indicade.
Oh, I want to go to this so bad.
Oh, please do.
I can't.
I'm literally in Vegas the very next week.
It's like this next weekend, right?
What if I were to give you and your listeners a discount code for Indicade?
Oh, you're killing me.
You're killing me.
Well, you can still get the listeners the code, because I know we have listeners in
the LA area who would have a lot more realistic chance of going.
So ICF14-FF-Love is the weird code.
I love that.
One more time.
Warren, get your pen and paper, people.
One more time.
Yeah, it is ICF14-FF-Love.
Love, I love it.
And the reason is that I'm going to be back there again, and I'm going to be professional
extrovert again for Squinky, because their follow-up, I don't know, it's not really a
follow-up piece, but the piece that they worked on after dominating Palpomus is up for awards.
It's called Coffee of Misunderstanding, and thank you, chat, for typing in the code in
chat.
So it's called Coffee of Misunderstanding, and it's an interactive performing arts piece
featuring the Performatron, because Squinky really is good at naming things.
And it's four people and whatever musicians decide to show up for it, and two people control
the dialogue tree of a play that two other people are acting, and everyone has mobile
devices that are picking the lines or reading the lines, and there's dynamic sheet music
to it.
Oh, wait a minute, so this is like a multiplayer game?
You could say that, yeah.
Oh, this sounds, and it's mobile, like, we were just, again, you really have to listen
to last week's show, because we talked about Fibbage with Jackbox Games, and they're doing
the whole mobile phone thing, and after having played that, I was like, oh my god, like,
why did it take this long for somebody to think to use a mobile phone as a controller?
And now you're talking about this is now happening in the indie scene, too.
Yep.
Amazing.
So, if you're going to pick one day, pick the Saturday, because of night games, which,
so IndieCade is a street festival for video games, I think it has a lot more heavy of
a film festival vibe as far as its structure.
There's no films being shown there, but it has this sort of structure of a film festival,
and that all the games there were selected to be there.
It's not, I mean, there are a few sponsor booths, but the games that are there in general
didn't pay to get in.
They were picked, they applied to and got picked to showcase.
Yeah, it's very similar to a film festival, because I'm involved with a horror, even though
I hate horror films, I'm still involved.
I love cult films, and they kind of bleed together a little bit, pun intended.
I'm involved with a horror film festival here in SAC, and it's a really big thing for NorCal,
and it's a very similar process.
Yes.
So, during the day, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, they're showing the selection, but
on Saturday night, they close out those games, and out come the night games.
And I don't know what's going to be shown this year, except for one piece called Coffee
and Misunderstanding, but games that are very much heavy installation pieces, or just have
a lot of tech, or something strange and weird, get played.
So if you go the Saturday, make sure you're going afternoon to play the stuff that's shown
in the daytime, and then night games after, which starts, I want to say eight, but look
on the website for the full details.
If you see me there, please say hello.
I don't mind you pimping at all, because even though, sadly, it's not going to work out
for me to go to LA, because I'm literally taking a trip the very next week already,
I did go by the IndieCade booth at E3, they had a really big presence at E3 this year,
and it was one of my very favorites, because that was one of the only booths where I could
just walk right up and talk to the person that made the game.
You can't do that at any other booth at E3, and I don't care if your game is a triple
A, multi-billion dollar Destiny title, or if it's a small thing that was made in your
basement, you know, is it fun?
And when I can talk to the people that made them and really feel that enthusiasm, it raises
my enthusiasm tenfold.
That's the great thing about something like this, with the street festival and everything,
is that you'll be able to walk up and talk to people who are enthusiastic about the game,
like Sake says, he's a paid professional extrovert.
Yes, and it's also, at least for IndieCade, it's such a refreshing vibe than, what I'll
say, the conference, or the con scene, whether it be Comic-Con and all the various flavors,
or PAX, or because there's a lot more non-game people that show up that really makes it a
different tone of a place that you don't get anywhere else, so I highly recommend it if
you're in the area, say hello.
I hope Errol Flynn's always there.
Which think PlayStation Move controllers in a, I think it was an 8x8 grid hanging from
the ceiling.
And then it's four players, you hold two of the controllers at the corners, that's where
everyone starts, and your PlayStation Move controller will show a color of the ones that
you're holding, and everyone has one of four colors, and then one of them turns off, and
there's another one somewhere in the grid that you have to, quote unquote, swing over,
it's not like American Gladiators where you're actually swinging, but you find your color
and hold onto that one, and the moment you do, a few seconds later, the one that you
were always holding turns off, and you have to find another one that has your color, and
so on.
And then as the game progresses, the time in which to do that increases, and so eventually
people lose and get dropped out, and the last person standing wins.
That sounds crazy expensive with all those Move controllers.
Yeah, it's the same people who did, oh, I'm forgetting the name of it.
Sports Friends?
Is it Sports Friends?
Yeah, it's in Sports Friends.
Yeah, I know what you're talking about, but I can't think of the name of the game.
Yeah, the one with the fencing.
You'll think of it as soon as you hit the hang-up button, it's a way to go.
Will do.
All right, well, hey, so anybody in the LA area or even remotely close that's willing
to take the drive, check it out, indicate, and even though I can't go myself, just based
on what I've seen previously at E3 and so forth, your time will not be wasted, and you're
going to find games you haven't heard about before, and I think that's such a refreshing,
great thing.
Yes.
So, and if you see me there, say hello, try to not make it as creepy.
Say hi and don't be creepy.
All right, Seg, thanks so much for calling in, I got to let you go so we can wrap up
though.
Yep, great hearing from you guys.
It's John.
It was Johan Sebastian Joust.
Yes, that's it.
Oh, I've heard about that.
Okay.
Or maybe it's Johan.
That was the night games way back in the day too.
Nice.
All right, Seg, buddy, have fun and take lots of pictures because remember what they say,
pics or it didn't happen.
Yep, totally.
Take care of my friends.
Except for things that don't need to happen.
All right, take care, folks.
All right, that's awesome that Seg's going to be at IndieCade.
Well, I knew he was going to IndieCade, but I wish I could go.
It sounds like fun, but, you know, too many road trips.
I'm already going to LA in November for BlizzCon, which I know is really Anaheim, and the SoCal
people get pissed off when I call Orange County, LA, but you know what, when you're driving,
it's LA.
It's all just, it's one big blur.
It's LA.
Anyway, that is going to do it for the Skype line, and that is really going to just about
wrap up our show.
In fact, Dark Soccer, she had to head out, so she's already out of here.
So sadly, we will not get to hear her final thought, but I'm sure it has something to
do with cake.
I'm sure that's what her final thought was.
But we'll go around.
Loki, you have a final thought for us tonight?
My final thought is, last week I work.
Wow.
The last two days.
Well, technically, I'm not working.
I'm just showing up at work to clean my desk and eat pizza and whatever breakfast donuts
that they bring in and then program in my game.
So I'm going to get lots of work done on my game.
Well, I'm going to apply for jobs too, but I'm also going to get lots of work done on
my game in this time that I have off because I'm going to be home with the baby for most
of the week, and then he's going to be going to daycare for the rest of it.
And so, yeah, I'm just going to...
But if you have a job lead for Loki, local people, if you have a job lead for Loki, let
us know.
Email the show.
Customer service!
As long as it's not fucking direct sales, because I've gotten contacted, I am not going
door to door or in a parking lot or something like that.
If your only experience with Loki is this show, you may not believe that he's great
with customer service, but think of this show as a release.
He really is good with the customer service stuff.
He had his job for a very long time and was very good at what he did.
Fourteen and a half years.
Oh my God.
Well, you know what?
In the distribution industry, what are you going to do?
You know what?
It'll lead to something better.
It really will.
Something with advancement.
All right.
And my final thought for tonight is, oh my gosh, I don't know.
I don't really have a final thought.
My final thought is I'm going to IKEA to get this thing a stand to sit on so I can take
pictures of it and put it online and everybody can oogle this arcade cabinet.
That'll be awesome.
Not yet.
In fact, the way I'm going to be working on it is a marquee.
I'll put my hand over the marquee so people can't see it.
I'll make a new marquee.
A new marquee looks awesome.
I just haven't figured out what else to put in the background because I have some DDR
arrows in there, but it's very much like a, was it a Street Fighter cross Tekken?
But it's minimalist is okay.
You don't have to go crazy.
I know.
I understand.
I may take the DDR arrows and just do a gradient and then print.
And then...
Talk to Cody.
That guy's great with graphics.
Jamie's good too.
They probably got a lot of...
Can I say something real quick?
Just to replace the, cause right now it says, you know, my company's name, was it a games
arcade in there and it has, it's got a really cool background.
I wish I'd saved it cause then I could just remove our company logo out of it and just
put this.
But the new one's pretty cool too.
And I was like, I was all, damn, do I have colored buttons that match that?
Because that would have been cool to do the orange and the purple buttons, but I don't.
Oh well.
Oh well.
Hey, I want to thank you guys for listening to the show and participating with the show,
be it through the podcast or listening to us live.
However you choose to participate with orange launch radio.
We just want you to know how much we appreciate your support.
If you like what you heard here at orange launch radio, you know what?
We don't beg for your money or anything.
All we ask, we beg for a little bit of your time to help us spread the word about orange
launch radio.
Tell a friend or two about the show and help spread the word.
That's all we ask here at orange launch radio and that'll do it.
We will be back next week with another episode to recap the week's news.
Smash Brothers 3DS will be out by then, so I'm sure we're going to have a lot of chatter
with that.
Maybe some matches during the show.
Who knows?
Uh, we'll be talking about the destiny patch and is the loot system bearable.
We'll find out next week on another episode of orange lounge radio.
See you then.
Good night.
You've been listening to orange lounge radio.
Orange lounge radio is a production of OLR studios to join us for a live show.
Tune into vog network.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific, 9 PM Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of orange lounge radio or vog network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
