Zomato 1999
I'm Miho Hattori, straight out the purgatory
Ai ai already, I'm passing your rate
Don't be snob with me
No aioli, children of Moby
Obi Wan Kenobi told me in the lobby
Technically, I'm dre and I can find a key
There's a wall on Broadway
No control, it's in my way
I feel so gone with my song
I got no respect for this game
There's a whole long road way
Nothing wrong, it's in my way
I feel so wrong, where do I go?
I've got no reason for this game
Our name is stereotype with a name
I've got to get the shit straight
Can you relate? My mate, don't be late
My gate is open, downtown still sends me up in the sky
There's a whole long road way
Nothing wrong, it's in my way
I feel so alone, wheres my soul?
I got no respect for this game
They're the hombres, stairs
You know the drum is in my way
I feel so alone, wheres my soul?
I got no respect for this game
They're the hombres, stairs
You know the drum is in my way
I feel so alone, wheres my soul?
I got no respect for this game
They're the hombres, stairs
You know the drum is in my way
I feel so good with my soul I got no reason for this game
Orange Lounge Radio is presented in the TMI sound format.
You're mentioning the old mad radium line, the body of radium, so much so that you can
Whoa!
Oh, God!
Heh heh heh heh heh! Call me daddy!
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain plenty of...
...bluh...uh...bluh...cocky.
Just kidding, Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that. In this episode...
Well isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com
And now, here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Skye and Loki.
We are live!
This is episode number 139 for this April 17th of 2005.
You're tuned into the B-Mani scene's most empty radio station of all things B-Mani.
My name is Rob Roberts, if you might know me as Sky.
Joining me as always are my awesome co-hosts in this corner, the happiest bunny on the
farm.
Say hello to Ms. Jamie Summers, you know her better as Dark Sakura.
I am the titanium chef.
You're better than an iron chef, you're the titanium chef.
And I'm an internet celebrity.
Yes you are, alright.
And also with us tonight, say hello to Loki.
Hi, I'm here.
Alright.
And also with us tonight, our regular guest, DDR Angel.
Yay, I'm regular?
Uh, yeah.
Anyway, yes, so I...
I don't know, that's a personal question, honey, I can't answer that.
Shut up.
I'm sure she keeps up with plenty of fiber.
Alright, also joining us tonight, we have another special guest who just walked into the studio here.
Say hello to our resident, I don't know, he's our resident, we need a title for him, I don't know.
Pepsi bringer.
Okay, Pepsi bringer.
And he's a mod over on, oh no, a staff member over on the DDR Freak and a well-known community member, long-time player.
Say hello to Islander.
Hello.
How you doing, sir?
I am doing just fine yourself.
just find yourself good I am a little sad though because as you have heard the
rumors are true tonight is the last episode of orange lounge radio from this
studio so I'm gonna say all the more reason I'm here but all right so yeah
we're we are starting over actually this is yeah actually that's that's kind of
That's a good way of putting it.
With wires everywhere.
Except with a lot more technology.
And a hidden stash of heroin in Loki's room.
My room literally has a pile of crap on top of the bed.
It's just like this giant pile of clothes and records and god who knows what.
I instantly was, I knew better because I've actually known someone who has a pile of real
crap on his bed from his cat.
It was very gross.
Really?
friend of mine's ex-boyfriend.
Anyway, so our webcam tonight, unfortunately, because of the move going on, we're actually
missing... the arcade cabinet is no longer here in the studio, the couch is no longer
here in the studio.
We tried to hook up the Shamu Cam.
It was the coffee table.
So we're... there's no computer to run a webcam, I think... the PlayStation 2's not even here
anymore.
My computer is, um, in the, um, the kitchen, for some reason.
It's toasting something, apparently. I don't know.
My other computer is over here next to the chair.
It's an Amiga suddenly, and it wants toast.
The metal dance pads are in the bathroom.
The metal dance... I went in to take a shower today, and I'm like, what the fuck?
There's a dance pad on the floor.
It's a mess.
So we would love to show this to you guys on webcam, but we have no way to do it.
Yes we do.
I have the transfer cable and my telephone.
Okay, so maybe we'll figure something out, but for now...
I really am too lazy to do that.
For now, we're patching in the Sacramento webcam, so you can see the town where we live.
All I need is an STP program or someone to put it up on somewhere for me.
But I'll take pictures with my cell phone.
Okay, maybe we could do something.
Talk to Jason in our chat, our webmaster. Maybe we could set something up.
I will after I eat dinner.
Alright, anyway.
So, big thanks to news10.net, who we are stealing the Sacramento webcam from, completely and utterly without permission.
So, I hope, I figure if I work in that free plug.
Yes, watch Desperate How's What?
Actually don't, because that's on right now.
What other shows are on ABC? Watch Lost, Wednesday night at some time on News 10.
Unless you're not in Sacramento, then I guess you're screwed.
Followed by Temple of Butt.
Alright.
Yes, watch The Bachelorette because nobody else is.
Speaking of Temple of Butt...
Alright, we'll be back after this.
This is a live webcam of Sacramento.
The chair is going, is that live?
Yes, it is a live shot of Sacramento.
It's only 6.30 here, so it's still bright.
Anyway, we gotta take a break.
That's all right.
They don't realize we pre-record the webcam.
We'll be back after this break
featuring Bahmani songs with numbers in them.
After this.
One, two, three, four, five, six.
Whoa, whoa!
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo!
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17,
I'm trying to make you know it's true
Easier to dance to than that freaking catch-up song, Orange Lounge Radio.
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio, and I gotta say, we got surprised there during
the break.
Joining us for the very last episode of Orange Lounge Radio, from the studio, is Mel B.
Supplies!
What's up?
How you doing?
How you doin'?
Oh man, all is good in the world, all is good.
Sounds good.
For the most part.
For the most part.
That's why we have FUs lately.
Well yeah, we'll hear about the other half during FUs.
And also joining us, of course, where there's Mel B, there's Sharks Girl.
Hi guys.
How you doin' hun?
I brought Lumines for you to ogle.
He actually has it too, I've already played it.
But you guys should do the wireless thing, that might be fun.
Okay, at least you're not going to be like obsessing over me just for my PSP.
You have to tell that story on the air because it's too funny.
I'll make you tell that later.
So um, you should go check out his games, he's got quite a few.
So anyway.
Cool, because I only have like two and I never play any of them except like-
Dude!
Is that a-
Oh my god!
What the hell, is that a Genesis portable thing?
A Nomad.
A Nomad?
I have one of those too.
and you know that you can use the uh... the game gear power uh...
battery pack on this too
this is like portable gaming convention in the tsunami zone tonight here
all right i'm just taking out moonwalker on the nomad and all i gotta say is man
in times like these
who better you know of a superhero den like psychotic pedophile
anyway
in that break
that break we heard Jesper Kidd with the Tengoku remix or as some folks call it
dot five nine before that Akira Yomoka 250 BPM before that DJ Naguro Lin
1999 and starting that set off DJ Simon three two one stars all songs with
numbers in them that break because we're just stretching for themes tonight
anyway this is the final night here in this studio we're going to be moving to
a brand new studio in the next town over Rancho Cambodia or I'm sorry Rancho
Cordova so actually the nice thing about the new studio I've actually finally I
got the keys to the new place so I actually checked out the new studio it's
kind of comparable to what we had when we first started this show what we had
episodes what about one through retro yeah so it's it's its own room but that
means we get to decorate it however we want stuff so it's gonna be kind of cool
so look forward to that in future episodes and future webcams. Again, though, the webcam
tonight, not working. Instead, we've patched through the Channel 10's Sacramento webcam,
so you can just check out the river. Did you really? I was there earlier today. And watch
it slowly get darker. Wow. Yeah, I know, isn't it fascinating? It's about as exciting as
our usual webcam when there's no guests here, so, where you get to watch the couch all night.
and then you can see it slowly get darker outside anyway since we won't be
in this new studio technically for two weeks we are not going to be here next
week we are going to run a pre tape show though we're gonna be partying next week
so there will be a new episode of orange on its radio but it will be kind of
different it's going to be kind of the way for us to kind of close the chapter
on this because really what's happening is that we're kind of as I said the
theme is we are starting over so what's happening new yes we are actually kind
of closing the chapter on this section of orange launch radio when we come back
on the Sunday in two weeks everything's going to be different the music you hear
on the station is going to be completely different as well so that's going to be
May 1st everything kind of going on orange lounge radio what gamers really
want to know it's kind of our new little mantra so stay tuned for that that's
coming to you guys may 1st when we come back with orange lounge 140 but hey that
doesn't mean we don't have anything for you guys tonight we got a fun show
started off of course with the ever popular how was your week how was your
day dark Sakura how was your week how was day my week was a lot of work and a
lot of going to the gym and a lot of school I finished my retarded color
wheel pictures of it abound on the internet it's just really been a whole
bunch of nothing I didn't get to play any Silent Hill which I'm kind of
disappointed about although I did play Lego Star Wars on Xbox which was
actually pretty funny and you can play as General Grievous from the next movie
is it worth the buy just to laugh at it's entertaining but kind of
frustrating it I would recommend it to kids except there's a couple of hard
levels it's still kind of kind of funny thing seeing a Lego mace the only reason
I wanted to interrupt and ask is because my friend actually bought me Lego racers
on the old 64 and that was pretty funny this one's just funny um but yesterday I
hung out with Julie all day shopping ooh Trader Joe's girls going shopping who
would have thought oh hey girls gone shopping we did make fun of Paris Hilton
a lot that's hot and I thought there was this girl who we were at the J Street
Mall today and there's this girl who was absolutely flooded up wearing one of
those little skirts that look like you know a lampshade cover and this halter
And I wanted to stop her and ask her to say I'm doing interviews of prostitutes. What's it like living on the street?
But I didn't feel too bitchy
Because I had first because I had lunch at hard rock cafe. Okay. Do they have the Guinness Burger?
They haven't given us buttons are made with Guinness. It's awesome. I
Was like carbs. Yay. I'm gonna eat
The buns are made with Guinness, and oh, Thursday, because there was no karaoke because someone decided to google something.
Sorry.
I went to Streets of London and had fish and chips in Guinness.
No, that's fun.
That made me happy, and they had real football on TV.
That's right.
Streets of London is like, I'm sure every big town has something like this.
It's a British import pub, basically.
It is a pub.
Yeah, they've basically, they've kind of taken it on a giant, uh, crane and craned it over
here to the United States and set it down in major cities.
And you can actually order cheeps the way they should be, the potatoes, you know, and
then you get to watch rugby and real football on the TV.
Real football because American football is crap!
I'm sorry, rugby is what you need to be watching because those men get bloody, you know, without
they have padding on their head and that's about it, you know, because they have to,
know have fun you know brain function not like what's-her-face anyway I went
to the Crocker Museum today just to look at stuff because I had to do it for my
art class there's some pretty cool stuff now what is what is the Crocker Museum
for those not in the area it's an art museum downtown Zach in this really old
house but made me think of a lot of the old houses in downtown mobile so sort of
like whoa this is cool so kind of a Victorian style house kind of like it
It was just, the house itself was awesome.
They had a gallery for this Japanese artist there
who did a lot of the representations
of the kabuki actors.
Very cool.
It's pretty cool.
And then did things on the Genji story.
It was pretty cool.
And then I went to this one exhibit though.
I swear the sculptures in that
were like right out of Silent Hill.
I was like, this is pretty awesome.
And then I had to pick a picture that I really, really liked and then I had to pick
something that I hated and say why I hated it. And the one I picked that I hated
was called, uh,
like, Angels a la Mode or something.
It was this ceramic, shiny lady with this big, poofy hair and little angels hanging
all over.
I was like, this is ugly. That is a really odd comment to come back in. I just start hearing
about a ceramic lady with angels. I went to the museum today and then there's a
picture that I really liked when you walk into the gallery it's humongous it
takes up almost this whole piece of wall it's this old man who sort of looks like
Patrick Stewart sort of but really you know shaggy beard shaggy hair laying down
like he's dying but he looks really aware of himself but as you approach the
picture sounds kind of erotic there's these pastel figures all scattered about
it and for a moment I thought that this might be it's called a glee K which is
a G clay that's what it's called which is a digital in a movie with Ben Affleck
and Jennifer Lopez and G play just easy but what what that is is a digital image
that's transferred to canvas and this was actually all done in acrylics on
canvas on this massive canvas that took him something like five years to
complete and I was really impressed with that picture I took a picture of it
though I wasn't supposed to but I did it was really cool but it was called a
portrait of my father as well as called I'll find I'll get the name and
everything those really cool picture and for me I was like oh I feel all artsy
fartsy this is cool and then they had an exhibit of African artifacts including
some cool axes and everything it was really awesome I had a nerd day your
laundry is going crazy yeah I better go rescue my laundry from your machine is
the washer walking off I quit I guess so I don't know what happened there anyway
wow that's the first okay anyway moving on with how's your week how's your day
so hopefully if dark Sakura can get some pictures of her artistic day she can
post those up on the forums and you guys can check that out. Alright, uh, moving on with
How Was Your Week, How Was Your Day. Let's just go, uh, Sharks Girl, you got a mic next
to you, why not? What's up? Okay. Well, obviously my day involved coming here, just for the
heck of it. I was like, yesterday I'm like, it's the last episode of Orange Lounge in
that studio. You wanna go? And that was that. Very cool. I decided. So, I got a new job.
My new job is really quite nice. It's a temp for a few months, so I get paid weekly, which is nifty, and it's nice to work at a place where you don't feel like everyone's going to backstab you at any given second, and you actually enjoy working with your coworkers, so I've been very mellow lately, so that's a good thing.
That's good, that's good.
Yeah, so I'm kind of boring, but that's okay.
No, that's alright. New jobs are fun.
And new jobs with lots of money are fun, too.
Yes, they are. Yes, sir.
Anything else? Any gaming stuff?
I've just been playing like luminous and I alternate between luminous on the PSP and zookeeper on DS and
What now you and Loki outside was he showing you how to hack your PSP?
Is that what he was doing outside trying to hack into the neighbors wireless internet?
It was not only tried it was succeeded do you have wipeout on your
Okay, so learning from the best I guess
So now you can, you know, drive around the neighborhood and see what wireless internet you can hack into.
Well, I have wireless at my house, so if I'm feeling lazy and just don't want to get on my laptop, you know, there you go.
There you go. Absolutely. All right. Moving on, Mel. Mr. Mel B. How was your week? How was your day?
The week was pretty interesting. I actually started a new job myself on Monday, working as an editor at this one place that actually does a lot of assessment and standards for kids.
for kids alike
great five through eleven i'd be
basically editing and printing a bunch of uh... assessment
something like the tbs at the key type stuff
so it's kind of uh... cool job to get paid you know the good amount of money
to tell people they're wrong
you know but i thought
you know it nothing to keep you just yell for a job application for the back
of that
i'm sorry you know
uh...
for those who didn't hear that jamie said i'll do that for free
well yeah it's it's it's good times aside from the commute being in like san
francisco and i'm in like redwood city it's about like half hour plus parking
in
the city and always that great but it's all good but uh... get a nice view it
everything is pretty cool i mean it's like one of those kickback jobs like
it's eight hours but i get my stuff done by one o'clock and then i try to go to
my bosses office to find something you know like what to do
she stuck in meetings to like four o'clock so i got three hours of dead
time so you know it's it's all good I get to listen to orange lounge all day
so hey all right you know so I'm feeling that um other crazy stuff actually it
was funny was something mentioned on I guess it was yeah DDR freak a couple
weeks ago someone had put up like an unofficial like top 50 freestyle
routines of all time in like North America and me and my boys like we
started coming up with this idea like maybe we should get a couple people like
all together get some ideas around we actually want to put up a list of like
top 100 free no freestyles of like North American history like coming from a
freestyle perspective coming from like someone who's just an avid fan and it's
something that we're gonna do like probably in a month or two I got it
right now the first annual DDR freestyle history I don't know they can do some
sort of like award show for that you know have best improv routine well just
I love the freestyle and get how far we'll get no, thank you. That was my idea
We'll get how sparks to comment on everything. I mean, yeah, well, I mean we can start it off in like 1999
And then we can go through every year who the big names were in 2000 2001 all the way till now
You're like yo 2001 head slaps and knee drops. Yo, that was ill man. That was the greatest post 18 videos
You know, I was actually considering walking around with my turn Orochi
she uh...
like own heart
while
uh... but it's just some stuff like that and we actually want to
do something with spot sometime we can actually get like
our database back in the house of the spot is going to be working again
yeah i don't think it's like our webmaster you know that i have a back
end of the china right now so
yeah uh... if he's not that sucks when your website goes to china that that
that's uh... no fun at all
uh... but you know we want to do something like that we actually want to get videos back up and all
that kind of stuff it's like
there's a lot of people they've only seen stuff maybe two thousand two two
thousand five you know it's
it'd just be some because there's really nothing better to do
i mean
since there's no new arcade mixes or anything we'll just reminisce about old arcade mixes
yeah we you know the longer longer we lived the more we remember DDR used to
be good
uh... but uh... speaking of that uh... actually also posted up a article
uh... if this is not what i think it is or talk about is more detail later
okay yeah well yeah
all right don't want to see a car as if you don't something that was that that
will probably uh... talked about later yes i don't know if you think that
the uh... we have three hours to build a blow it all down
uh... the other than that um...
justin uh... kicking back for now
waiting for my uh... e three guest passes to come in next weekend
all the time i'm realizing there's a lot of friends i'd never do i had you don't
have happened
you know that goes it's like under the words the it is
you know people you know you offer you to the you know if you get me in the
three oh get you know
this this and this now where it is just get this like stuff on ebay like
i got that option ten you know that's right here everyone did you like
on what did you dinner reserve not yet met
though you know it's it's it's just interesting to see uh...
however one becomes all chummy like a month before it happens but you know
it's all good it's the price of fame
it'll be even more interesting to see how many people get with me when they
feel the media passing can get fun goodies
but you know that's that that's pretty much the week in general everything's
been pretty cool
uh... part game in
when i get a chance i steal luminous from uh... sharks girl but in that i've
just been like
i pretty much killed time playing stan address
for the hell of it
because there's like so many cuz i repeat the game like
wants i'm just trying to go for a hundred percent
so it's uh... good times and that's
basically
the week in a nutshell
uh... mister islander
how's your week how's your day
uh... we spend we spend all right we spend all right um...
let's see
is pretty much there
the only thing that i've been playing all week was actually
leisure suit larry magna cum laude
or any particular reason why
i wanted it and it was on sale for like
thirty bucks
so like article
i'll pick it up
in lake i don't know
maybe
maybe seven hours
and uh...
aside from that not really a whole lot of too much
uh...
I actually went and played P.I.U. today for the first time in, like, ages.
And to the non-hipsters, that's Pump It Up. P.I.U., Pump It Up.
Cat 49! Cat 49!
Yes, and I actually did play that song, actually.
But yeah, it was just pretty interesting just to go to a place that had video games,
and you put a dollar in the machine, and it actually gave out quarters!
It's like, wow! It's like, I'd use it somewhere else!
I can get laundry money from a pump-it-up machine?
Yeah, really.
It was hot.
You don't know.
No idea.
But no.
Let's see.
Ooh.
I went to the Nio's.
Walked around for a bit.
I found, like, the greatest Eddie Guerrero shirt.
Really?
It had, like, pictures in San Andreas style and it said, license is still.
I see that.
I see that.
I still don't want to cry.
Picked that one up.
Nice.
But, yeah.
That's pretty much it.
All right.
Loki, how was your week? How was your day?
It was hell. It was all hell. It sucked. This entire week sucked.
And I started off with, I got, okay, first I started my new job, game sales. That's all good, you know, starting the training stuff.
And, you know, it's just grueling. It's just very, they're having me, I'm fighting with this stupid person in Dallas because they think they know everything about, you know, certain games that are coming out.
that were coming out. I've been doing this for 18 years. So, you know, this first sheet,
I'm like, she gives me this thing that says, you know, our new releases that were coming
up in May. And the first thing that's on there is Ape Escape for the PSP. I'm like, I think
the state's wrong because it's in stores right now. It was one of the launch titles. No,
it got pushed back to May. No, it's in the stores. I picked it up with my hand, thought
about buying it, saw it sucked, and then put it back down. And, you know, and then, you
You know, she's like, there's this other title on there that was, what was it?
Hey Arnold, the movie, the game for the GBA.
I'm like, hold on, hold on, hey Arnold, the movie, the game.
Exactly.
Okay.
Okay, and that game, that game came out three years ago, when the movie came out.
And she still insists it's a new release.
I'm like, okay, so that's when I had to get my boss involved.
saw the emails go back and forth and he joked to me because he actually has a
he's understanding so he's like so you're trying to piss off you know the
neighbor or fuck is that kid doing it there Oh giant paper airplane fucking
kid stop distracting me anyway no no you're trying to you're trying to piss
off the Dallas people but anyways I'm like trying to piss off the neighbor
throwing the giant paper airplane what the hell is wrong what kind of
What kind of inbred people do we have living around here, I swear.
Anyways, back to-
I don't think we were in Mississippi.
Back to the story, okay.
So yeah, this has been going on all week.
What's kind of cool though is they're actually kind of serious about the game side of everything.
So they're going to convert our conference room into a game room with a giant plasma screen TV.
So that's kind of cool.
So I've been doing that and then this week, this weekend, I got to move!
Yay!
So this entire week was packing.
then today and yesterday was moving and that sucked and I still have tons more
left and that let me just put this away that arcade cabinet I think was never
meant to move at all because you know I tried moving it today first thing that
happened the wheels pushed through the bottom on the front so like ah shit that
sucks now it won't roll so then we sat here lean the cabinet back on you know
it's back wheels for a while and I tried to reinforce the bottom with screws set
it back down got to the door and busted through the bottom again I was like ah
fuck this so we finally got everything going and these kids are old school
playing paper airplanes I swear to God anyways um so we I we finally got you
know what it when it comes down with a battle is said and done ds vs. PSP the
winner paper airplanes thank you oh god anyways so um so finally I we we got the
cabinet to the house and we had the wheel it around and finally got it in
there we had a dodge like this light that was by my door and in the fire
extinguisher in this glass case you know I have to dodge all that stuff barely fit
through and you should have seen the couch yesterday because see the way our
apartments set up you've kind of got the two apartments right there and it's like
a walkway that goes in front of both of them and then the apartment next to me
has the sidewalk that's actually coming you know away from the apartment and for
For me, all I've got is this hole between the bush that's just about enough, you know, wide enough to fit the couch. Just barely.
What the fuck is my phone ringing for? God dammit.
Anyways...
Hello?
Did you forget you were trying to do a show?
This is why cell phones need to be turned off during the show.
Should we like start playing the Jeopardy theme or something?
do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do.
start making orgasm noises.
That was Nellie and i'm gonna get into this too okay.
She was asking me if i needed pants.
because, you see, yesterday, while moving, hold on.
Okay, lemme think about this.
She knows that you do a radio show on the internet that is nominated for Broadcaster
of the Year, okay? So we are one of five stations nominated Broadcaster of the Year, so she
understands what kind of commitment you put in Sunday nights. She calls you, interrupts
the show to ask you if you have pants. Rob, I'm getting to that, okay? Gosh, it, I was
That's the one that I asked her, okay? She was nice enough to go offer to get me pants at Walmart because, you know, the goddamn store's closed, okay? The mall.
Anyways, because the pants I had, my dress pants that I usually wear around for everything because I don't buy jeans for some reason.
So anyways, for some reason my ass seems to break through pants like crazy. I don't know why.
And so, so basically, I had busted pants. You know, I have one pair of pants left that I'm not really sure if I have.
So, just to be on the safe side, I got a backup pair of pants just to make sure.
No! Are you having problems with your ass?
So anyways, that is why she called, because she wanted me to, I was supposed to check to see if I had the pants in the dryer.
and I didn't quite get to do that before the show so she's getting me back up
Sarah of pants just in case anyways so pants problem aside so then didn't add
to this big smorgasbord of crap we have we have I was driving home today and
guess what comes on I love you check engine light so then you know so then I
had to go next door drop the car off so you know I could see what's wrong
because the check engine lights like something's wrong but I'm not telling
you what something is wrong it could be as little as the gas cap or it could be
your engines falling apart but we're not going to tell you I'm just going to turn
on the light and you got to take it down to the shop so they can laugh at you if
it's something stupid you know which I checked the gas you know cap three times
all my fluids are fine so it's nothing I did to the car it's just the car
falling apart. Your fluids are fine. Does, does the car need pants? The car does not
need pants. But yeah, last week. GIVE ME PANTS! Yeah, last week. Yes, I've seen. Yeah, that's
true. Anyways, so, pants, car, moving, stuff aside, um, it's been an okay week. It's just,
it's one hell of a hectic week, and it's not gonna get any better this week, so. Um, oh
Oh well. Our chat room, which I haven't plugged yet, www.oranselmtrader.com. Click on chat. There's already a ton of people in there. I don't need to plug it because it's a party in there already, but hopefully some of you guys will want to join it.
We don't have the chat room, unfortunately, on the TV studio cam today. Only I and Dark Soccer can see it, but we will pass along the messages, such as,
Firebomba has an explanation for why Loki is ripping all his pants. Firebomba's suggesting you're getting fat, fatty.
I'm okay I'm not getting fat it's actually not my ass is ripping him at the
fucking crotch gets ripped and then my nuts are too big over the pan and then
hold on and then goes on to say fatty McTubs might have to lose some tons
say I've fucking got tons of exercise week lifting the goddamn couch and
moving the cabinet and shit I've lifted enough boxes and done enough exercise
this week and there was sex involved too so goddamn it I've had my fill of
exercise
i'm finished
well look now you've done it rob is speechless
angel how was your week how was your day
how the hell am i gonna top that
that's what nelly asked
Whole new meaning to the term-swelled head.
She wasn't complaining this morning.
You're listening to KTMI, too much information all the time.
We're experiencing technical difficulties right now.
The host is speechless.
We've got big balls?
He's got big balls.
Let's try this again.
Angel!
how was your week how was your day
just uh... working on school stuff and uh...
working
yada yada and
working on school and pets
my pants are probably fine thank you very much
it could be a fortune cookie, I don't know, that's up to uh...
instead of like
adding in bed to your fortune you add with pants
oh no
that could work
no no no no no, don't make me think about that
just uh... I actually found time to play final fantasy 11 this week
not really, not if I just picked it up this week
all the time
yeah i think that's good enough and then uh... and um... for the record of getting
in the case kind of
wrong and interesting at the same time
and uh... i'm gonna let rob uh...
maybe fill in that blank because i'm not consider explain it again
and he came from as eleven basically she got
she got scary monsters trained on top of her
and it's no fun at all
and uh... teleported out
he's called g m on that day
right moving on
uh... my week of my day was uh... pretty cool i can't top the panting though
honestly so i don't really know what i could say i did see it
you can't copy and
i did see margaret show on thursday which is pretty cool to build a lot of
uh... was a lot of recycled stuff from the last or which is kind of sad but
but you find that
but you have to have their body
what else is going on uh... i uh...
if you tell mike and mike and
okay i can i guess he did find past but for the record he is currently wearing
shorts
so it's not like he's completely bottomless here
into
something to note here
uh...
And then, I've also kind of been moving a little bit as well, I, as I said, you know, got the keys to the new place.
My big move stuff comes next Sunday, though, so I'm still here.
I was going to say, for having move stuff, there sure is a lot of shit on top of your computer desk, right?
Yeah, no, I haven't, I'm not moving until Sunday, but I kind of checked out the new place, and that's about it, nothing big.
Let's see, that's about it. I really can't top the other stuff going on, so.
You know, we weren't here last week. Everybody kind of had their own thing going on last weekend.
I went and saw Garbage, the band, in San Francisco, so that was cool.
Blah to you, I say.
They're not garbage. They're actually pretty good.
Blah to you, I say, but I can top you. I get to see Garbage when it's open for Alanis Morissette.
Ugh, hate you.
Anyway, all right, let's go to a break. We definitely need a break here.
When we come back, more antics here on Orange Ons Radio, including some Bamani news.
there's actually been quite a bit in the past two weeks so of the thing that Mel
hinted at earlier we'll get to also Polteri says something relevant it's
amazing we will get to that in a little bit in this break we're gonna play
Bomani songs with three word titles I just want an excuse to play Temple of
love. We'll be back after this. More Orange Launch Radio.
Gonna take your fear away, flyin' like a snow-a-dub, oh, oh, temple of love
Coming to the temple of love, and together we'll bring to the heavens above
Come to the temple of the dark
You're falling asleep, you're playing the devil's master
Let me know what you think in the comment section below, and I'll see you guys in the next video.
You
Look at what you see, the mirror of a dream Make believe I'm everywhere, living in your
written on the pages
it's the answer to a never-ending story
oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
never-ending story
oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Life is a gift that's a friend when I fall behind the clouds
Care is fun, the rain falls
She hates it too, but never ends
It's only love
But it never ends, no, it ain't
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah
Follow the sound, follow the sound
We're leaving the rain behind
Together we'll be in harmony
Taking the time, we will find our way
Sunshine, I feel your energy, I need sunshine
But it's not on me now, sunshine
Don't you hide away, I want sunshine
every day
I need sunshine, I feel your energy
I need sunshine, falling light on me now
Sunshine, don't be hiding where I want sunshine
Each and every day
Sunshine, I feel your energy
I need some time, you're falling down on me now
Some time, don't get high or away
I want some time with you just every day
So the best part of Orange Lounge this DDR sucks.
Hollar!
The, the, the, the, the, the winners.
TTPO.
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 139, the last episode of Orange Lounge
Radio from our current studio.
Aww.
This DDR sucks pants.
Let the joke die. Step away from the joke.
Okay, if Jeff K. could live into Final Fantasy XI this long, I can have pants joy. Thank you.
I remembered something during How Was Your Week, How Was Your Day, I wanted to talk about
that I didn't get a chance to, because I got sidetracked by pants. I went to an antique
store yesterday with my mom, because my mom loves shopping for antiques. You know, go
and I was looking around and I actually saw these antique like cactus jars and
when I looked at them I could only think of one thing I thought of DDR and I'm
going to post this link in the chat room there so you guys can pull up that
picture yourself if you want to look because I took that picture of my cell
phone now when you look at this does anyone else think Gomlund a couple right
here this whole set you want to know how much they wanted for this three-piece
set $55 I wanted it though you don't don't I was thinking about it just just
to have that sad little you know gum with a couple joke wouldn't that have
been funny anyway huh moving on we're gonna open up our skype line in a little
bit but first I want to talk about some DDR news going on right now did you know
boys and girls that there is a brand new DDR game coming out but it's probably
something you will never ever ever be able to afford. It's actually a DDR fitness game.
So Mel, if you don't mind, I'm sorry, you're having a side conversation there, I'm totally
interrupting. Tell us a little more about the DDR fitness project. What's going on here?
Alright, well just to give like a quick background on how it all came about and such, there was
a convention about two or three weeks ago called the IHRSA, which is like the International
Health Racquetball Sports Association. I know there's like an international racquetball
association out there but that said they have like an expo every year and it usually showcases
a lot of stuff in fitness so there's often a lot of like fitness equipment like treadmills,
exercise machines, uh they have a lot of people like GNC they go out there and they
promote their vitamins that kind of stuff so basically the whole thing is a bunch of
people running around in spandex that's what the convention is no but see the thing is you might
think that's bad but you're thinking you know from an anime con standpoint these
people work out and take care of themselves it's not a bad thing
cinema man say essentially well Konami actually had a booth there and Konami's
booth was actually a Konami Tokyo sports division and they actually do stuff like
tread day actually Konami does a sports line of equipment they do treadmills
they do like weight machines stuff it's actually kind of neat just you know
shortly they do stuff that's like computerized so like if you have a
treadmill you can actually like have a screen in front of you where you can
like surf the web you can like watch satellite TV there's really neat things
that it actually has a computer chip that you wear around your wrist where
you can go around like all a bunch of different machines in one gym and it'll
actually track how many calories you've been burning along the way with all the
different machines. Konami does a lot more than people think. Konami is not just
about you know DDR in Castlevania there's a lot more to Konami they
And when I go to the casino, I always see slot machines that were done by Konami, and that just trips me out, because I always think of Konami as, oh, you know, DDR and Gradius, right?
But Konami does a lot more than people think sometimes.
yeah sports is like their big uh... thing over in japan and uh... well game
more towards relevant stuff i guess they were actually showcasing something
called um... ddr studio which is basically sort of like
what ddr could be in a uh... fitness club type atmosphere obviously there
are limitations with
a home console where as like xbox you can only play up to four people you know
well what if like you want to have a whole bunch of people going out there
so there's uh... this program that they showed
how it worked was
you have like
wireless pads
and you can play up to like eight players you know on this um... demo
and what it is is
uh... you have like one instructor up front kinda like in any other aerobics class
they'd be giving you like showing off the routine so
there would be a game of DDR going but more so instead of paying attention to the screen and
looking at the arrows and you know timing your steps like
we all do just cause we're
like all conditioned for DDR
they actually take you through a routine which is almost like
for all intents and purposes. It's like freestyle, only they're teaching it to you along the way.
And they do all different types of programs with it. It's really neat. They do stuff like
stretching programs, like there's one that's like yoga, tai chi type stuff,
where you go into like different poses and you hold freezes and such.
And then they do stuff that's a little more advanced, like they do like a Muay Thai kickboxing
type thing.
So in a way it's almost sort of like
martial beat, only like a lot less weird, I guess.
I thought that was interesting. The story that you posted over on DDR Free kind of
talks about a little and if people want to see the story of course head on over
to ddrfreak.com they have more information there it's their top story
right now. It talks about that there's actually additional symbols like
there's stars and stuff that are used. In addition like you have the way the
graphic interface is set up is you basically have the step gauge in the
center of the screen and on to the sides of it they have like players one through
eight like one through like the odds on one side the evens on the other and it
It tracks your how many calories you burn just like in workout mode in DDR.
On top of that what it does is the additional symbols you have is a fist that you see coming
up and the fist will either say L or R. So when that comes up to the step gauge that's
your the step zone that's your cue to throw a left punch or a right punch.
It's variant of course obviously by the routine sometimes there'll be a jab sometimes there'll
be an uppercut.
It's dictated by the actual workout routine itself and then there's one that's a star
So it's really trying to take this DDR being a fitness thing and taking it one step further, really.
They're creating ninjas! They're creating ninjas, people! Don't you see? Ninjas! Kicking and punching, what more do we need? They're ninjas!
they're creating it yet people don't you think
kicking and punching what more do we need to make that
twenty-four-hour ninjas coming soon near you uh... to uh... with our fitness
theory of
uh... that like eight times uh... three ninjas the movie
uh... luminous while while
uh... though but i mean i get a lot of people
and i think the premise of it
the cool thing i noticed about like the hardware is
no i think they're using wireless pads but the pads that you see out there
aren't really like the consumer want to see which are like
kind of the vinyl over
and that that you know the foldable soft pads
that he is uh... somewhat semi-hard pad
what is it so i like to use a hard rubber which is kind of like
with the use in car floor mats
pretty worried it's very durable actually
and i'll take that they said
that one that's only wireless as more like a bluetooth type infrared
type technology that they used
So that was just another tidbit of that.
And I actually work with PS2.
So if there was a way I could ever actually get my hands on
that, I'd so be there.
But the thing about, I guess, what a lot of people are
commenting is, a lot of people, especially in the
just online community, are saying like, great, where's
our arcade mix?
Boohoo, no one cares.
You're like, this is fitness.
The last thing we need to see is this.
It's like, the way I see it right now, if Konami's arcade
division does not want to go in the route of Dance Dance
Revolution and I've obviously they don't want to do something in America
This is their only alternate route because if they keep targeting the same gamers, you know
Like at you know on the consumer level, you know that number may or may not grow very much
Yeah, I mean that this is at the point where I think DDR is almost topped out
I mean, it's not to say it can't get any better, but there's not much room left, you know, I
I do think, Loki's got a comment. Let's hope to God that they have these pads at E3 instead of the crappy soft pads.
All mentioned after Jason.
What I'm kinda, you know, I really, really wish that they would be doing a new DDR arcade mix.
I mean, but I don't see this as a bad thing at all because any exposure additional for DDR is gonna be pretty cool.
It's gonna benefit us all as fans of the game in the long run.
So I don't see where you can sit there and go, you know,
you know, oh, this sucks! You know, because it doesn't suck. I mean, it's kind of cool.
It's a different direction for DDR. But, you know, yeah, I get kind of sad that, you know,
there's not going to be an arcade mix anytime soon. But, Starxgirl, you have a comment.
The other thing is that by bringing it into a gym, it kind of legitimizes it a little
bit versus that crazy game that all the gamers play. It's like, oh, hey, it's something that
other people who may not play games for any other reason can go and do. So it kind of
makes it less of a bastard stepchild in a way, and brings it back into the forefront
and can definitely bring some new people into it.
I mean, they're going for the right target audience right now. Like I said, you're going
for a whole new audience, bringing them into DDR. You're bringing people who are fitness
goers, because when we were displaying it off at the convention, there were still people
who had never heard of it. There were still people who were totally alien to them. They
get on it and next you know they're finding that it's you know a nice fun challenging
game and they're thinking about their nieces and nephews so it's you know we're the company
itself is still promoting DDR we're just going a little bit of a roundabout way to you know
a new set of people.
If you're a non-gamer adult that has that doesn't have children you probably have never
heard of DDR honestly because either your kids showed you what DDR was or you're a gamer
adult like most of us are here and you've found DDR on your own, but if you're a non-gamer
adult I can totally see how you've never heard of DDR, honestly. Especially if you're a gym
bunny and you don't have time to go to the arcades, so it makes sense.
No comment.
But, DDR Studio, it's actually a pretty fun game. I actually got to try it out myself.
When you go through a whole DDR Studio, like the demo that they did, it was about like
25 minutes straight of DDR of like working out and it was a lot of it was
pretty hectic and I nothing says like strenuous like boxing to kakumei that's I
gotta see this I'm really curious of anybody in this area is gonna get it
because I just I want to see it it sounds kind of neat do I can we expect
to see pictures or they can do a website for it or anything a promos a lot of
Some of the songs I noticed were from Beatmania-type songs, but the one I definitely remember was on Kakumei. I think one was something from Beatmania 6.
Wait, are there songs in this that have not been in DDR yet?
Yeah, there are some that are pretty new.
Huh.
outside trying to like get a bunch of stuff from jason about it
uh... but thing is it's like
you know they're
can always not going to be willing to give us any video footage so i'm just
trying to get either like a press release or just get some stills i know
they were doing stills on
that day and i would've brought my ditch camp but
uh... you know what may have been able to that's very surprising i just assume
that they had taken like max to and converted it
for their with all those things on that one area that i think it is new state
home release at some point of something like this because you know you're gonna get people
that are, hey this is kind of fun, oh hey I can do this at home too. You know? I'm sure
that's the direction they want to go.
It would be a pretty smart marketing round, definitely.
The other interesting thing to see on that line would be if they make it like, you know
how they have those Atari things where you just plug in a joystick and it's like all
the old school Atari games. Because adults who aren't gamers don't have any other reason
to get a Playstation or Xbox and that just makes the system a heck of a lot more expensive.
just like some sort of standalone thing where you plug it in and plug the pad in and you're
ready to go.
That's actually a really smart idea.
You've seen those DDR, you can see these at the mall, they suck, they're shitty little
things.
I saw that on the freaking Avon kiosk.
Midi songs, they're horrible.
My sister bought that for my nephew.
Was it the one that has Survivor by Destiny's Child?
Yeah, that's how it goes.
was basically it yes it's basically playing DDR on the Game Boy well it'll
be interesting to see what develops of this I'm now you've got me all
interested with that song list because it makes me think hmm could the songs
they're using in this be something we see in the next home release I don't
I'll keep talking to the contacts and get what I can.
Sounds good. Sounds good. All right.
So, does this have an official name yet?
It's called DDR Studio. Basically, it's out in Japan.
Right now it's patent pending in America right now, because essentially that's what we were doing at the convention.
We were pitching the idea to a bunch of people who were managers of fitness clubs and such.
Essentially, if they garner enough interest, then it's something they'll move forward with.
So it's strictly conceptual on this side of the world, but it's very much reality elsewhere.
You know, if this does show up at my local gym, I am definitely going a lot more.
Oh, hell yeah.
I would go much more as well, so it'd be interesting.
Might be motivation for me to get my fat ass up and exercise.
And, Loki, good excuse for you to ruin more panels.
Everything comes up for you.
What the hell is going on here? Jonas just showed up and he brought a PSP as well.
And he brought us dinner. It's only because he came last week when we were doing the show.
Yeah, that's kinda sad. Alright, anyway. Don't you feel like the odd child left out that doesn't have a PSP?
You're so not cool. I am not cool, actually. We're gonna open up the Skype line in a little bit, but first
a couple of quick things.
Sharkskroll, I actually, speaking of PSP, you have an interesting story about
yeah how how the PSP can
can sometimes take your place the PSP the DS
anything did you want to talk about you don't have to talk about this but
have the story now yes have the story now okay so I have
I have a friend I gotta stop you for real quick here
Jonas just walked in with a loving lamb
and a ball gag an inflatable
Um, sex lamb and a ball gag.
Jonas, Jonas, hi Jonas.
Jonas, come here, come here, get on the mic, Jonas.
I'm sorry sharks girl, but um, when inflatable lambs and ball gags are brought into play,
I don't give a shit about your PSP story anymore, I hope you'll understand.
Alright, love ya.
Jonas, now, remind me, you went, you went 40 days with no boner for Lent, right?
Yeah.
Okay, how do you go from no boner for 40 days to bringing-
I survived.
How do you go from the-
You are Easter-eyed fucking soldier!
Islander is just finding this out for the first time.
Jonas, how do you go from being Mr. No Boner, for lack of a better term, to bringing to
to this show, which has nothing to do with sex, last time I checked, an inflatable lamb
and a ball gag. Please explain.
Okay, for those who don't notice, I just turned 22 yesterday, and a lot of people gave me
some sex stuff, so...
So why did you bring it here? Did you think that we, did you think, oh god, it's the,
you know, it's the last episode of Orange Lounge in that studio, let's all fuck a sheep!
Let's do it!
You know what? If Dark Sakura gets too angsty tonight, we'll just shove this ball in her mouth!
You know what? Fuck that!
Jonas, I don't know what to do with you sometimes.
Alright, anyway, back to Sharks Girl.
Alright, yes, please, back to Sharks Girl.
I'm sorry, Sharks Girl, but I had to go there.
And you know what's funny is that's just, like, so par for the course for this story.
Better than being hijacked by Loki's pants.
Anyway, please, your story about the DS, PSP, etc.
Okay, I have a friend who is not of any of the circles that anyone knows.
He moved away, he moved back, long story.
so I've been hanging out with him pretty often because he lives in Fremont now
and works at Dave and Buster's so maybe we can all harass him on Saturday if
he's working that would be fun we could we could have fun with that and he works
in the dining room we can really harass him at any rate um yes I said harass
I'll say it again to harass harass harass there are you happy and I wonder
harass. Harass. Harass the pants. Anyway, so I'm known for being a bit of the gadget
junkie if it's cool and a new toy I want it so I have the iPod I almost ended up
with the second iPod last weekend I have the PSP I have the DS I have all the fun
You're a Veruca game! I want it and I want it now, Daddy!
Yeah, yeah, pretty much.
She is a consumer whore.
And how!
Anyway, sorry, I keep interrupting.
So I, um, meet up with said friend and show him,
Oh look, I got this nifty new Nintendo DS.
He has proceeded to yell at me if I don't bring the DS with me every time I see him now.
So then, he told me not to get a PSP and I ignored him and got a PSP anyway.
And so I said oh look what I got a PSP and now all he wants to do is play the PSP
so yes my friends I have gone from being seen for just you know my loving charming self as a
Excuse to get to play DS and a PSP and he gets pissed off when I don't bring him
So I've decided to screw that especially when he destroyed two of my games. I found out when I tried to sell them. Whoa
Yeah, I lent him to
What did I lend him to PS 2 games and they were perfect pristine?
And now they're scratched to the point that the place won't buy them back
So I'm being used for video games. Isn't that fun? I was I'm not even rich, and I don't really have all the new stuff, but
When I was younger, I was not rich, and I didn't have all the cool toys
I still had kids that would come over and only be my friend because I had you know Super Nintendo
Yeah, it's really kind of middle school. I'm kind of tired of it
So I just stopped bringing him or telling him and and he gets pissed off that I don't bring him
I'm like oh guess what fuck you don't care
Alright.
So, that's why I showed you my PSP the minute I walked in, because you're cool and I love you.
Aww, thank you.
And of course, you show it to me and what do I do? Oh, I already played that.
Well fine then!
So yes, lesson of the story, don't use your friends for their video games, it's not cool.
Alright.
Anyway, we are going to open up the Skype line so you guys can call in because I'm sure
you guys have plenty of comments here on this show going on so far.
But first, a couple quick announcements.
Today is the last day that you can vote for the Live 365 Awards.
They are closing the polls at midnight, so please, please, please, please, if you haven't
yet already, please head on over to Live365.com.
Actually, head on over to OrangeLoungeRadio.com and right at the top, underneath the webcam,
which by the way, the sun is starting to set here in Sacramento as you can see on the webcam,
you can actually see right underneath the webcam, there's a little box that says, Thank
You Live 365 and Orange Lounge Radio listeners, a little logo, vote for us in the best of
Live 365 2005.
There's a link right there, www.Live365.com slash broadcast slash bcawards.live.
you're listening to the station, you're already a registered Live 365 member. So, please,
go to the website and vote. Now, I'm hearing a rumor that they're only counting VIP and
other broadcasters, but from what I'm hearing, anybody can see the ballot, so I'm encouraging
everybody to go vote. Even if they are not going to count your vote for whatever reason,
at least show your support. At least make them go, gosh, we have to throw out all these
votes for orange lounge what a bunch of bastard people we must be let's forget
him again this year let's yeah just should I play that little reminder there
oh I just got booted from IRC that's not good is the monitor stream still going
get the webcam is or the router and cable modem okay as far yes the
Internet's still up but for whatever reason still setting the Sun is still
setting in Sacramento for whatever reason we just got the boot from IRC so
we will make our way back into the chat room shortly here well shoot I was gonna
post that link in chat all right we'll get back in IRC I guess in the meantime
we could go ahead and open up the skype line how's that sound boy oh boy let's
open up the skype line remember to call into our show all you have to do is head
on over to www.orangeloungeradio.com click on interact with us and you can
download a little program called Skype that you can use to interact with us
please guys tonight try to keep the calls kind of brief because we're
expecting a lot of people want to get in tonight so we'll start it off with our
first caller hi you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Dennis Alcom here. Yes my friend
what's on your mind? Let me see just the comments and how you know DDR is taking a
new path in just basically instead of focusing on more of the gameplay just
focusing on on the exercise it's a step in another direction exactly that's what
I said it's kind of like another branch in the road okay and so I mean I don't I
mean I still I still have hopes that they're gonna make another arcade mix
but I don't expect that you know I'm not so fixated on the fact that it is but in
reality it might be possible. I'm trying not to lose hope over it. No, but think
about it. Logistically it's possible because they could do it through a
third party. Like Betzen is their, as you know, Betzen is their
official, you know, distributor. Okay. So if they ever wanted to make a
mix in America and they needed to distribute, you know, to bring it out
there they could use them to distribute that's an idea I mean we're not president
we're not presidents of Konami distribution or anything so we would know
but you never know so it's an option yeah it's right there in place because
even though they shut down their American operations they can still make
the cabinets in Japan and ship them over here you know assuming they have a
distributor okay yeah but you know I'm just you know I don't know I mean this
whole DDR studio thing yeah it sounds promising I just hope that you know it
could just make DDR you know not something that would over kill
the exposure but just something that would get it that would make it
known to almost the average Joe because the average Joe six-pack won't even know
Well, you know, as we were saying earlier, even, you can't complain about DDR Studio because, of course, like what, the third reply in that thread was,
Fuck this game! We want new Konami arcade stuff! You can't really-
I want it in the green studio!
Yeah, yeah. Don't even let me go there yet. Okay. But, any new DDR is going to be good for the scene as a whole because it's more exposure.
Exactly. You know, Konami's probably playing it both ways.
Trying to appease the scene that pretty much built DDR in this country,
and then trying to do their own thing by trying to branch out and focus on one aspect of DDR.
Okay, alright.
It's kind of like that. Yeah, they're playing both ways. That's pretty much what Konami's doing.
So, I have, you know, pretty much, we don't even know whether or not there's going to be another mix in the fall, or something like that, or in the near future.
Well, we do know that there is one thing that's going to be shown at E3 this year, for sure.
Obviously, TDR with Mario.
Yeah, TDR with Mario is definitely going to be shown at E3. IGN leaked that one earlier this week. We know about that, so.
But what is Konami going to do to follow up Extreme and UltraMix 2? Tell me that.
Well, the assumption is something is coming. They can't just leave us hanging with that, but...
They could probably, I don't know, I could just throw it out there and they probably could pour party collection to this country and then basically, you know, shoot themselves in the foot.
Well, nah, I, nah, bah, bah, bah, bah, because DDR Extreme was such a radical departure from DDR Extreme in Japan, wouldn't you logically think that we're going to get something brand new?
They're not going to port us something over? We're going to get something new?
I just, I don't even know what the Japanese, you know, whatever's left of the DDR scene over there, I mean, you know, the whole, whoever still plays there actually thinks of the new songs that were actually made for UltraMix, you know, and UltraMix 2.
It's really hard to see what they think, and how, you know, this is based, you know, on how UltraMix 2, and how we managed to make our own mix, something that, you know, American DDR players could call their own.
Oh yeah, I agree. The recent U.S. mixes have far surpassed their Japanese song list arguments aside, I mean, Big Boo Hoo, Cartoon Heroes hasn't been released in the U.S. now.
The games themselves have surpassed Big Boo Hoo, Aqua Suck.
What they lacked in like, you know, popular songs from DDR Extreme, they made up for with brand new ones from 2DX and other Bamani.
So you can't argue with that, that they're actually branching out into 2DX and really, you know, really, they're branching out into Bomani that these DDR players are most likely to play.
Alright, someone who's been on the inside wants to comment. Hold on, hold on, Taku, hold on.
I was just, I mean, I might be a minute or two behind, but I was hearing something about how, like, the US can break out into their own as far as, like, DDR goes.
I think that's what was the intention of when Konami of Hawaii was basically assigned to do UltraMix and basically the whole Xbox series.
I mean the reason why I think UltraMix 2 was the way it was, was because it was essentially there was a lot of feedback from the American audience.
Right! Hell, we even made the steps for the songs.
Who's we?
we are going to get back to the only way we can do it
i don't know if we have it with dvd our players
it mean you know i don't have a job they're going to let you let them and
they're going to let them in a different uh... i mean you know it
you know i mean it's looking but its
to say that's going to be the end of it
no not quite you know i don't think that that's the story i doubt it i mean
they just wanted to tell you know like we're gonna let you telegraph or doing
six months down the road whatever
And, you know, in all fairness, I don't even work for the company anymore, but, you know.
But I just want to trip. I mean, it's like, if you really want to, you know, basically have power as far as, like, dictate what Konami does, buy 51% of their stock.
Half of their stock? I don't even know if that's available, but at 20 bucks a pop, that's a lot, man.
Alright. Saku, we gotta let you go because other people are trying to get in, but thank you so much for calling. Have a good one.
Okay.
Alright. Alright. So, you know, again, to sum that one up, any exposure for DDR is going to be a good thing.
And the U.S. definitely breaking out into their own with UltraMix 2, and DDR Extreme being so radically different from its Japanese counterpart this year.
Let's take another call. Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Hey, Sky. It's El Mullet.
Hello, El Mullet. What's on your mind, buddy?
Ah, just, this is one hell of a show you got going on right now.
It's always these shows where we come in and honestly, I'm gonna be honest like five minutes before the show started tonight. I was just gone
Let's just get this over with I have a headache
I want to get through this show so I can go back to bed and
Now it's like why is it whenever I approach the show with that attitude the shows end up being just chaotic funness
Well, I'm glad you approach things with a bland attitude sky
It makes it greater for the rest of us.
Aren't the rest of you so comfortable knowing that I approached this show with such a positive
attitude?
Oh yeah, let's do this again.
What's on your mind, Elmoley?
Well, I recently came into Beatmania 2DX 9th style, and I've been having a ball with that.
I don't know if that's good to do to a machine, but okay.
Just stop it, Loki.
Just stop it.
Loki, you already lost this show.
I'm sorry Elmo, I apologize for Loki's behavior.
Nah, don't. At least I get to burn on him once before you go to your next studio.
We're not dying. We are starting over.
Good for you.
It's new.
Alright.
Alright, so what else is on your mind Elmo?
You got 9th style.
I got 9 style, and I do have a PSP now, and I do have Lumines for it, and I do have a
couple other games that are currently collecting dust.
I would like to make a note that currently there are at least three or four PSPs in this
room, and I think at least three of them are playing Lumines.
As they should.
Amen.
It's the one game that I can honestly say is the only reason right now that a PSP should
be bought right now. Well, I'm kind of waiting for PopCap to rip it off like they do all
the other puzzle games, so that I can play Luminous online. But they'll probably call
it, you know, Force or Magic Squares, or, you know. Musical Squares. Musical Squares
or something, you know. You know PopCap.com, they rip off all the good puzzle games and
make their own version. I'm gonna tell them that name. I'm gonna go to PopCap and say,
I have a title for your luminous rip-off.
There you go.
Give me money.
Alright.
And we could call it Puzzle Pants as some post-it show rumor.
Oh boy.
Anyway.
What do you think about the whole DDR stuff at E3 this year?
What do you think we're going to see?
We know that we're going to be seeing DDR with Mario, per the earlier Orange Entree report
that said IGN blew the lid on that, and that we are going to see DDR with Mario at E3.
What do you think else is in store for us at E3?
I think we're going to see PS2 and Xbox iterations.
We didn't know it was coming in 2002 when DDR Max was announced.
We didn't know anything was coming in 2003 when Max 2, well, we knew Max 2 was coming,
but we didn't know UltraMix was coming.
We didn't know UltraMix 2 was coming even though we knew Extreme was coming in 2004.
We don't know anything outside of DDR with Mario for right now.
We can rest assured we're going to see some new iterations.
I stake my career on it, as in quasi-internet celebrity.
Ooh, okay.
You heard it here first.
If you don't see any new PS2 or Xbox games, I will retire forever.
Oh, wow, that's some strong words there.
You better hope I lose this archive if that does turn out to be true.
No, I am actually with you.
I'm not going to stake my internet celebrity on it because I don't have much to wager,
but I do think we are going to see new PS2 and Xbox misses.
I think it's inevitable.
Well, I don't have much to wager either, but there are people that want to see me retire,
I'm sure.
All right.
Your website, Elmoit.
Let us know.
Insidepulse.com.
All right.
Visit it.
Love it.
You haven't had a new column in a while.
That's true.
The school's been getting in the way.
I've been taking on some new duties.
I'm the news editor now, which means I have full control over the news board, which is
why our news board is so kick-ass right now, and I might be coming into some more...
I've actually been working on a feature.
And believe it or not, it's an in-the-groove-related feature.
Shock!
I'm very curious to see what happens, because I know your feelings on in-the-groove, and
I'm just kind of...
Right, my feelings aside, this is more of a quasi-promotional piece, let's say, because
I got an interview with someone in Red Octane, they were nice enough to answer some questions
I had, and doing an official ignition pad review, they were nice enough to supply me
with the pad, considering that's going to be the basic controller they're offering for
this game. So how does it hold up?
Oh, well, we'll see. We'll have to check that out when the article comes out. So keep an
eye on InsidePulse.com.
It should be out sometime this week if I can get every...if I can...if everything goes
well, everything's on time and such.
All right. Well, Mullen, I'm going to let you go so I can take another call. But thanks
so much for calling in. Have a good one, okay?
No problem.
All right.
You too.
Later.
You know, I always expect El Mullet to come in with, like, a guitar strum like El Cabong.
Hold on. We're gonna go to another call here. Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Oh, well, we'll see. We'll have to check that out when the, uh...
Oh, whoa, turn down your volume there. First rule of radio. Turn down the volume, because we're hearing ourselves there.
Hello. Are you there?
Everything goes well with everything going sorry.
All right, well, El Mullet, I'd like to go take you to that call today.
Can't hear him. I can hear myself, though, and I must say I sound sexy.
Um, you gotta check your mic, buddy. We can't hear you. Sorry.
That hot, Rob.
Sorry, my friend. Sorry, sorry, sorry.
Rob, Rob, Rob.
Oops, I just hung up on somebody else. I meant to hang up on that one. Yeah?
Hey, sorry.
Wait, oh. Is somebody there? Oh, we got him. Hi. You're on Orson's Radio.
This is RPGKing7, coming to you from Canada.
Ooh, Canada. What's that about? What is it?
Oh, not much, you know. Weather's been really nice.
All right. Well, what's hung in mine?
for this time of year what's on your mind buddy hello did we lose them sorry I
gotta keep the mic turned down um okay no real news or anything you know I'm a
bit new to this well not to know the DDR I've been doing DDR for about a year
and a half two years now just want to thank you guys for doing the show it's
That's really awesome, and I'd have nothing to do on Sunday night.
Well, there's always desperate housewives, but it kind of sucks.
Do you get desperate housewives in Canada? I hope you don't.
Something else I can really think of, you guys are quite awesome, and just keep up with this,
and good luck with the move and everything.
All right, no problem. Thank you for calling in.
Thanks for being a cool listener.
Yes, we like compliments and inflate our ego.
By the way, Rob, I love the fact how you're waving goodbye.
Thanks, I'll sign off now. Keep going with it.
Alright, later.
Wow, I think he couldn't hear us.
We're big in Canada.
Alright, yeah, it's nice to know we're big in Canada. We have an international following.
I need to visit Canada again. It's been a little while since I've been to Canada. I'd like to go back and visit.
Alright, let's go to another call. Hi, you're on Orange Island Radio.
Just so you know, Sky, you have a great voice. I love it.
Oh, thank you. That's so nice.
You don't think it's too faggy? You don't think it's too faggy?
Because a lot of people say I'm too faggy.
Nah, I don't think so.
Alright. It's just the way I am, dammit.
So what if I'm a little nasally?
We'd love you for it, that's just it.
Thank you, I appreciate it.
Sam Kinnison got his career forever with that. Ow! Ow!
Who is one of my favorite comedians?
Alright. That explains it there.
Alright, what's on your mind, buddy?
Not much. I got a couple of stories for you. I know I told Jamie this one. I call it the PSP to hell.
What happened was a guy came to return on the PSP.
Oh, this is brilliant.
We had none in stock. He's getting all pissed off and all agitated that we have none.
So customer service tells him, we can give you credit for a new one.
And he continues to scream about this until the General Manager walks over.
The General Manager tells him the only thing we can do is give you a refund.
He's like, fine, I'll take the refund. And he slams his hand
down on the counter. But it wasn't the counter he hit.
Uh oh. The screen
was cracked into pieces.
Ouch.
Now I've heard about a couple burnt out pixels or two.
Stupid! Stupid, stupid, stupid!
So what ended up happening?
The general manager told him, can I give you a refund now? And he took a swing at the general manager.
Oh, I hope you had that boy escorted out.
By the police, yeah. By the police.
But what happened was the general manager ducked
and hit him right in the face and he went out.
Oh my gosh. Drama at a game store? What the heck?
Best part is, the general manager was a six foot two tall girl.
That is awesome.
Wait a minute. So this guy went to take a swing at a girl over a PSP which he broke himself?
Yes.
Stupid, stupid, stupid.
Huh. Interesting. Let us know when he's out of jail, okay?
Well yeah, I'll be sure of that.
If we can get his picture, we'll post it on the website as our loser of the month.
I'll try.
Okay. Alright, sounds good. Thank you so much for the call and the story. Anything else on your mind?
Not really, I'm just watching a backlash of drama and shit, I'll just leave it at that.
Okay, alright, have fun.
You too, take care.
Later, you too.
Bye.
Bye.
Okay, we'll try and get one more call in, at least for now. We'll open it up again a little bit later.
First, what I want to do though, real quick, before we pick up another call, wait for somebody to get in there.
Um, if you would be so kind, head on over to podcastally.com and vote for the Orange Lounge Radio to-go edition.
I'm going to give you guys a direct link there in the chat room, because voting for us brings us up in the rankings there.
And, uh, a lot of people don't really notice Orange Lounge Radio as a gaming station because, you know, they think Orange Lounge, what the hell is that?
So, you know, vote for us, it increases us in the rankings, and more people see us, and
the community grows, and we're all happy.
And we don't put spam in our podcast feed either, unlike some other feeds, which maybe
we'll talk about on this week's podcast.
Let's go to another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Hello.
Caller, are you there?
up your mic buddy can you hear me now can you hear me now still connected
there hi can you hear us you're on orange lounge okay gotta try turning up
your microphone there and give us a call back remember guys if you want to test
your connection call echo 1 2 3 is the username you want to call echo 1 2 3 and
And then that way you can hear if you sound good.
Uh, Siggy!
You're on Orange Lounge Radio!
Uh huh.
You're on Orange Lounge.
Hello?
Hello!
Hey!
Hey, what's up?
Ugh!
It's about damn time!
I know, it's a crazy li- I apologize to those of you guys not getting through tonight.
It's lit up like hell.
For- for my part as well, it's my fault too, because you know, I got a little bit late.
You lucked out, the last guy didn't have his mic up.
What's uh- what's uh- what's on your mind, buddy?
Yeah, just helping you out with some Happy Sky song lists that are in Japanese.
Alright.
I'm gonna tell it to you, and here it is, the genre is disco, and the artist is a dance
man featuring disco, and this is kind of a tongue twister.
The song title is We Are Disco Yotsutachi No Chi.
Wow.
That's a mouthful there.
By the way, your mic is a little bit quiet, anything you can do to make yourself louder
would be appreciated by the listeners.
Alright, now it's close.
There you go.
Alright, yeah, um, the next one is a J.U. beat by, uh, T.A.T.S, not T.A.T.S, it's T.A.T.S,
featuring, uh, Hoshino Kanako, and it's, uh, Gekkou.
And then there's, uh, Funk, which is, uh, by dance, uh, the artist by Danceman, which is, uh,
Ore wa bito manya, omae wa nani manya, which translates to, uh, I am beat mania.
You are what mania?
Ore, you know, Ore is a masculine way of saying I.
huh I am beat mania you are what mania yeah you are what mania I am beat mania
you are what no you didn't I am beat mania sorry couldn't help myself and
then there's a hard dance you know which is a remix of got paisio strong Jega oh
okay and then there's a you know huh and then a synthetic oh I forgot another
The genre is Natural Sound and it's by Twin Amadeus.
Alta Turca Ompassion, you know, W-N, I kind of pronounce it as a O-N.
And it's very interesting that Alta Turca Ompassion is the remix of the Turkish March.
Oh, okay.
The Twin Amadeus version of the Turkish March.
Ooh, that should be interesting, the old classic song.
Now, you've been checking out some of the videos, right, from Happy Sky?
Yeah.
In fact, I'm going to play a little clip.
You actually sent me one of Eden, one of the new songs from 12th Style.
It's my very favorite Tarot song.
So you can hear a little bit there of what Eden sounds like, the new Tarot song.
Yeah.
Lots of double notes in that.
What else can we look forward to in the Happy Sky videos?
What else is in those videos that you think is worth sharing with our listeners?
Well, you already saw Toe Jam. Yeah, I saw the Toe Jam video. That was pretty cool.
Yeah, I really like the song. It's the first time I've ever heard it.
You know, while I was listening to the song, I just yelled, YEE-HAW!
This is coming from the video there. Of course, tempo changes like hell.
But that's what you'd expect from Sojam.
it goes from uh... like from a hundred and three to a hundred and sixty bpm
in a minute sixty bpm is the fastest
anything else in the videos
that there's uh...
what you'll call it
yeah i don't like that i don't like the
somehow or they won't be the money on my one anyone yet
to play
i don't i don't know if it was a lot of the videos have generics i'm hoping that
changes before the final really it will have uh... you know actual videos when
when the final product's been released, just like the same thing happened to BeQuiet.
That's very true.
Alright.
Yeah.
Okay, well, we're gonna go ahead and let you go, because our Skype line's on fire tonight, but thanks for the 2DX update,
and the borrowing of your Japanese accent is always appreciated as well from this very white host.
And so this, and so, let me get my catchphrase first, and so this resident 2DX bastard walks back to the shadows of the Mani style.
Thank you my friend, have a good one.
Alright, later.
I like our callers that have their own taglines, that's pretty funny.
Alright, maybe we can squeeze in one more call.
Hi, you're on Orange Long's Radio.
It's this guy whose mic wasn't working earlier.
earlier. Can you hear us, buddy? Hello? I know, we still can't hear him. We still can't
hear you. Turn your mic up or something. Give him a few more seconds. Don't! Let's try another
call. All right. Hi, you're on Orange Lawn's radio.
Hey, it's me. It's Lemon Lime Jump. Hello, Lemon Lime Jump. How are you?
Hey, I'm, uh, uh, yeah, I'm here. I don't know if, there. Is that better?
Yes, we can hear you. What's up?
Um, alright. I just wanted to say, yeah, I don't know why, for some reason I was up early and asked yesterday-
Hello?
Hi, we can hear you.
Oh, okay. Um-
We're just eagerly anticipating your every word.
Oh, okay, I'm just- I need to turn off the radio.
Oh, okay, yeah, definitely turn down the radio because it'll throw you off there a little bit.
I've got it. Alright, um-
So I was actually tuned into the Today Show yesterday, and I guess you've probably heard they had that DDR thing on it yesterday. It was just like a little five-minute segment.
No, I actually didn't hear about DDR on the Today Show. What happened?
Yeah, I guess they were touting it for its fitness qualities.
They had some fitness expert come in and try to show it off.
I think they had a couple of Cobalt flux pads
plugged into a PS2 or an Xbox or something.
And the thing I found interesting was that the song that they used for demonstration
was Mobumoga. And I was thinking, Orange Lounge! Orange Lounge Radio. Oh, that's too cute.
And then, yeah, my brain works funny. I don't know why. I have to interrupt real fast. Shark
Squirrel has got this funny look on her face. You have to share this. Oh my god, I think
you're my voice twin. Shark Squirrel and Lemon Lime Jump do sound very similar. It's kind
of scary. It's like the same mannerisms, same voice, same everything. It's freaky. Everybody
says I sound like my sister though. It says I don't... Well now there's yeah now there's
three of you because you got you got a twin on the west coast. Actually there's
five because my family sounds like me too. Wow that's crazy. Wow I'm sorry you were
so you were into another thought there before I let sharks girl cut you off
there. That's right. But it was one thing that irritated me and I guess I don't know
because they needed something for the folk cameras to focus on anyway they
demonstrated for like 30 seconds trying to play and then they had the two
guys talking and they still had the camera focused and they weren't even
playing anymore so it basically had the camera going boo or the camera focus on
the two TV screens going boo boo boo boo boo you too can be a DDR expert and I'm
thinking what choice of camera shots was that I'm not quite sure you know what I
say to that director fired yeah yeah put on a comb-over you know tell him you're
fired well thanks for the update because I had no idea that DDR was on the today
show I somehow completely missed that I wish that somebody would send a little
clip somehow so we could see that so well hopefully that somebody got that
and we can check that out later and of course if we can find a clip of the
Today Show, we will do in the great Orange Lounge tradition, we will play it and make
fun of it.
So.
We're cocky.
Hopefully not in the Today Show, but we'll see.
You never know.
They are desperate for ratings.
It just made me think of, yeah, NBC.
I know.
I know.
Also, if this is, yeah, your last show in the studio, I'm not quite sure how the broadcasting
works, but you know, I don't know if I'd be broadcasting
casting a show on my birthday, but I just want to say two days ahead of time, I want
to say happy birthday to Dark Sakura. We got the same birthday.
Do you guys really?
Yeah, I looked it up.
You and Dark Sakura and Linda Lime Jump have the same birthday, and she's saying happy
birthday to you.
Happy birthday to us!
Yay!
Because we are so freakin' awesome.
O tanjou vio medito!
You're on.
Yay.
Oh.
For a moment, I turned off the microphone.
Arigato!
You hear worse on cable TV anyway, so I mean not not the like cursing but like
Okay, never mind. I'm just
Yeah, it's all about looky's pants
And um for a couple last
Words I wanted to say was um. I just wanted a few last words to say of course
Okay
legs clothing baggies spell bottoms spells bermudious bloomers blocks or shorts breeches beefs britches
which is chaps, chinos, clamjakers, cords, corduroys,
denims, drawers, dungarees, jeans, drawers, knickers,
longies, overalls, pantaloons, panties, petal pushers, pegs,
shorts, slacks, trousers, and underpants.
And now you know.
They're pants.
Mel had a confused look on his face.
He's about to, like he's got one of those looks
like he's mid-eating.
He's about to shove some cake in his mouth.
And then he's like, huh?
What is this chick saying?
I'm like, it's pants, Mel.
It's pants.
Thank you for sharing.
All right.
I think I'm done with pants for the night, so.
All right.
Good evening to you all.
Thanks.
Thanks for calling in, hon.
Have a good one.
Our listeners are so funny.
Maybe we can let one more call sneak in here.
I'm liking the Skype line tonight.
Everybody's getting in.
So we'll see if anybody else gets in.
Again, one more time.
Please take a second.
Vote for our podcast.
We would totally appreciate that.
It's podcastally.com.
And then just do a search for Orange Lounge.
Or better yet, I'll just post the link right there in the chatroom and you guys can vote.
How's that sound?
Alright, let's go ahead and take this call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Hey, what do you call a binary system that distributes energy from one star into the other?
What?
It's John Fields.
What's on your mind?
Well, I was thinking about the upcoming E3, and you know, it's been quite a while since we've been hit with an arcade release of DDR.
So I'm wondering if they might actually spring that on us.
So, John thinks that a possible arcade release could be something that would be shown at E3.
I would have to say, unfortunately, it's very doubtful, because E3 is typically a consumer electronic show.
A new arcade mix would be something more for something like, what's the big arcade show they do in Vegas every year?
Coin-Op, something?
CES, Consumer Electronic Show? But they show arcade games there, that makes no sense.
Alright, well, okay, but, um, I did once, though, it's not unheard of, because I did see last year Andamiro was showing off, of all people.
It wasn't a Pump It Up game, but they were showing off an arcade game.
That game was cool!
That Korean, uh, tank? Was it a tank game?
It was a shooting game!
Yeah, it was like a shooting game?
And you had your controls on your gun, and then you had your fire buttons on your gun.
So, I'm not gonna say, can't happen, but, very, very unlikely, but, boy, wouldn't that be nice. Wouldn't that be nice.
Yeah, it would.
I guess also, since I am going to plug this anytime I can, I'll give you a little more information on Phantasy Star Online Blue Burst.
Okay, sure, why not.
This game has been confirmed for the USA and Europe now.
I heard about the new, there was like a Phantasy Star universe that was coming, but that's a different thing, right?
Yeah, that is actually the next incarnation of the game. Phantasy Star Online Blue Burst is basically the next Phantasy Star Online.
online it's gonna have episode 4 and all that sort of stuff on it plus a bunch of
new chat options and it's slated for a June 2005 release very cool I'm looking
forward to it I do like fantasy star I'm glad to see they're still sticking with
it yep usually knock it is not gonna let this thing die good don't let it die
I'll talk to you later all right have a good one buddy all right later all right
boy we should I feel bad because there's still people trying to get in but I'm
like we kind of need to move on why we do this huh one more okay one more one
more call let's do one more call so please hurry up get in www.orangelaunge
radio.com click on interact with us and you can get in on the skype line skype is
a program that you download and it allows you to call our show so that we
don't have to show out the money for an 800 number because we don't really want
to do that so but what's interesting is that in the next studio we're not gonna
have a landline so no no anyway let's go to one more call hi you're on orange
on radio hello can you hear us well I heard a little fart noise that's about
it. Hello everybody. This is Stan Peele. How are you? Hello. Can you hear me? Yes I can.
I can hear myself too. It's me Stan Peele. How are you doing everybody? Very good. I
I just gotta say I love this DDR stuff man.
It's great for picking up the youngins.
Is that what you wanted to call in?
Turn down the audio because we're hearing ourselves.
I love that DDR.
Can you hear me now?
Yeah I can hear you.
But I can hear myself.
That's the problem.
Oh no you shouldn't be able to hear yourself.
That's bad.
up that means you're talking in your head. It's me, I'm back man, I love that DDR, it's
great for picking up the young ones. Are you related to Michael Jackson? Well that's not
Not very nice to say, how dear you insult me like that.
Call me a pedophile, I'm not a pedophile, I'm just a connoisseur of the young flesh.
Why are you calling in to say hi Stan?
Why am I calling in?
I'll tell you why I'm calling in.
I'd like to say hello.
Congratulations to Orange Lounge Radio, because you guys are doing a wonderful service.
Well, thank you.
We appreciate it.
You'll make it easy for us to pick up on the onions.
Are you in our chat room right now picking up on the onions again?
Who says I'm in your chat room?
Well, I was going to invite you in.
Just head on over to OrangeLivesRadio.com and click on the chat.
You don't know who's in there.
I could be standing right next to you in the chat room looking at you going, hmm, that's
a pretty little thing.
I'm speechless.
I'm speechless.
Well, that's a first.
I... I... I'm speechless.
Well, that's a first.
Hey, old Rob is speechless, everybody!
Is... is... is that wonderful, Jamie there?
Yes, Jamie's here. Jamie, Sam wants to talk to you.
I have... I have... I have Crayola sketches of your boobies.
I like using the peach because it's realistic.
Uh oh, I got company.
I got somebody here with me.
I'm Miss Cleo.
Oh, hello.
Hello, how are you today?
Oh, I'm good, how are you?
I'm hearing things, are you?
Uh, how's Miss Cleo doing?
Pardon me?
Does Miss Cleo play DDR?
I'm hearing an echo, echo, echo, echo, echo.
Give me a minute,
let me try something here. I think having two phones connected together
Yeah, there's kinda screwin' it all up!
Geez, Ron, don't cry till you pee your pants!
I'll leave that to you, Stans.
You sound like you're getting a little old there.
You might be good at that point.
Geez, you sound like a freakin' harpy!
What the hell is going on?
I don't know, Stan! It's your fault!
Oh. Pardon me? My God, things have all gone cooky, cooky, dookie. All right, oh, there we go. Oh, no, that didn't work.
Our, uh, uh, uh, Stan, before this echo kills us all, uh, uh, uh, any, uh, any final words
you want to say on this call?
Well, well, well, God, I can't even do that for real, that's just freaky!
All I gotta say is to all you youngins playing DDR, hello, there we are, just remember one
thing. You don't know who's watching behind you. Thank you, Stan. Peace out,
everybody. Peace out, Stan. I have to send my ninjas after that picture. Wow. Did I
suggest taking one more call? I'm sorry. Yeah, that was you that said take one more call. I was
I'm just ready to move on to the next segment.
What, what, what, what, what?
What, what, what?
Crayola sketches of your boobies.
Dark Sakura.
You know what?
And right there.
Hey, fellow broadcasters and VIPs listening tonight.
There's your consideration clip for most unlikely to hear on AMFM radio.
Thank you.
this has been an orange lounge presentation oh hell all right we're
gonna close the skype line for now but we will come back later I was gonna go
to another break but we're actually kind of starting to run behind and show so I
think we ought to just go into the next segment which is kind of weird but we're
gonna go into the orange launch cage match because we need a break because my
face hurts from laughing seriously and some of our folks in our chat room are
saying that too that they haven't left pants for your face you can be a butthead
listen you all right um I'm sorry to those you guys didn't get through we
will open up the skype line at the end of the show if we have more time which
I'm thinking we will if we can go ahead and move on to neuro next segment which
is the cage match. Alright, in tonight's cage match, we have a very interesting scenario
in tonight's cage match because we have a song going for a five week victory tonight.
It typically we retire a song after four weeks. However, this song has not been voted into
a fourth week because we did not have a show last night. So we kind of decided that...
Of course we didn't have one last night.
Or last week, last week, sorry.
Last night was under Sedation Live.
I tried coming in last week.
Yeah, I heard about you coming last week.
Alright, so we have a song going for a five-week victory.
So if this song wins tonight, not only does it claim the first five-week victory,
but will be the third song in Orange Lounge history to be retired.
Alright, so again, a reminder, the way the cage match works,
works we play three songs for you guys last week's winner and two new songs we
play a clip of last week's winner two new songs in their entirety you guys
vote for your favorites and the winning song goes into rotation all week long on
orange lounge radio doesn't have to be a balani song doesn't have to have
anything to do with the money they're just songs that we think are cool but
you know what this cage match we do have a way of setting trends because may I
remind you what songs have we played in the cage match previously that went on
to win uh lava wherever you are uh delirium after all jason evans i'm in heaven with you
where did all these songs end up ddr so you never know what might become of the orange
lounge radio cage match so here it is going for its very maybe last win and retirement
yoko kano song number one with rise enjoy
Oh, the sky is shining, the sky is shining
And there you are dear, for the day
When no pain is far behind
On your feet, come with me
Be a song and no light
There you are dear, take your place
Please don't fall, I'm just missing
Some say I'm weak, but only it's time to make
Just a great fight
Here I go, bye
I'm a soldier from success
In this waking hell I am
Listening more than I can compute
Pray myself please don't forget
Life betrayed and be a threat
Please give me the strength to be a true hero
People placed in the fire together
All right, that was a clip of song number one, Yokokano Rise, possibly the third song
some of it is just way too cool I had to put one in the cage match so here it is
song number two this is Beck with a song called ghetto chip malfunction and it's
actually a song called hell yes remixed by 8-bit enjoy song number two
equipment looking for shelter readjust your position
thought control goes really confession two dimensions
dumb your hands down duck don't look now company missiles
power was watching when the cops are watching make your dreams not a paper
cliche, wasted, hate, taste test
hell yes, now I'm moving this way, I'm doing this thing
hell yes, now I'm turning it on, now I'm hooking my legs
hell yes, now I'm calling you out, I'm switching my place
hell yes, now I'm cleaning the floor, my beat is correct
hell yes, yeah that's it
yeah that's it
Yeah, that's it.
Stretch to the limit, attention spans snap back, retract, collapse into live tracks,
noise response, applause and hand claps, floodgates open to the sound of the river,
breaking points on the verge of pointless, fools annoyed until the followers stand fair,
look for the common, not superficial, cold bread, cold or welcome home of the crisis,
for fuckery idols, rewriting the bibles, the magic market running out of the ink, lives
Turn the lights out, back to the scene answer, get your damn hands up
Hell yes, now I'm moving this way, I'm doing this thing
Hell yes, now I'm turning it on, now I'm working my legs
Hell yes, now I'm calling you out, I'm searching my place
Hell yes, now I'm cleaning the floor, my beat is correct
Yes Yes
Yes Hi
Hi I like your face
Your beat is nice Your beat is nice
Yeah that's it Yeah that's it
Yes Yeah
Yes Not gonna swim
I'm through with the spin Can you enjoy?
Hell yes Not too very dumb
I'm broken my legs It's a lie
Hell yes Now I'm taking it on, I'm working my legs
Hell yes Now I'm calling you out, I'm switching my place
Hell yes Now I'm creating a floor, my feet is cracked
the next song there. That was song number two, Ghetto Chip Malfunction by Beck. Let's
see what everybody thought of that. Dark Sakura.
That was pretty cool. It would give me a headache if I listened to it on repeat, which I would
probably do. So I would give it a nine. A very solid nine.
The EP actually has four songs on it all in that same style, so it's kind of cool.
Well, as long as I've been listening to very diverse things lately, that's right up my
alley, so yeah.
Very cool. Alright, let's see who's next. Who else has got a mic? Who's got a mic over there? Jonas!
Let's see. Orgasmic Nostalgia. It's pretty good. I like it. A nine. A nine! Alright.
Sharks Girl. That was pretty nifty, and I don't normally like that. So, I think the remix part
of it made it really kind of cool, and I liked the hell yes at the end. I was like, oh nifty!
so uh 9.3759 okay uh islander i i think i'd give it i wouldn't quite give it a nine though
i'd give it an eight all right an eight mel i like the production a lot i'm a sucker for a nice uh
kick drum you know kick drum machine type sound with uh some nice the hard synths in it i'd give
give it a nice 9.4. All right. Loki. It's an 8. Angel. It's Beck, it's a 9. I actually
don't typically care for Beck a whole lot. I mean, he's okay, but again, the 8-bit thing
does it for me. I love it. Please enjoy. 9. All right. Let's see if song number 3 is going
to win tonight, and song number 3 is Loki's pick. Loki, what did you pick for us tonight?
My computer's down right now, it's in pieces.
Please don't let it be Papa Smurf lick my ass.
I already submitted that one, so that doesn't work.
No, um...
This song, I had Jimmy find me a song real quick.
And...
That's right, folks.
It's GIRLS!
Enjoy!
Right now, right now, right now
Right now, right now, right now, right now.
Okay, so how appropriate that the last show at this studio will have prodigy with girls, the still shot mix this time in the cage match. What do we think of the still shot mix? Dark Sakura.
It's a mix of that song that doesn't completely suck donkey ass, which is double ass if you think about it. So it gets an 8.
Get it donkey ass ass ass and then eight from dark soccer Jonas
Sorry, it's trying to go in the same order I agree the remix is very great
So I like the big beat into it. So I'll give it a nine. All right sharks girl
I'm feeling generous in that freaking own pen. Whoo Islander
Don't have a mouthful of cake. I'll say nine
I was feeling that beat man, it's like a throwback to the early 80's Africa Bambata type hip-hop,
old school break beat type stuff. If I had more room here I'd do a head spin so I'd give
it a 9, 10. Alright, Loki! It gets a 9 and that belt gets a 10. Alright, and you know
I hate to be the party pooper, but I was only feeling that song for about the first minute.
And once the vocals came in, it kind of lost me, so I can only really give it like a 6.5.
Angel?
For the beat, I'd give it a 7.
Alright.
Very tough decision tonight, you guys, but here it is, the three songs you get to vote for.
Song number one, Yokokano with Rise.
That's a bad clip. Let me try another clip.
Alright, song number two you can vote for tonight is Beck with Ghetto Chip
Malfunction.
And song number three you can vote for tonight is
prodigy with girls the still shop mix
all right place
vote
are a little bit of data there for a minute about that place vote now you
must be in the chat room to place your vote
www.orangelaungeradio.com click on chat
Send a private message to Sky with your vote. Song number one, Yoko Kanno. Song number two, Beck. Song number three, Prodigy.
My butt! I mean, Prodigy.
Alright. Now, Loki, I know you've had kind of a dramatic week and a lot of stuff going on, but you know I have to ask, this is the point of the show where I always want to know, what's going on in the Sim scene?
Well, there's a few things actually. There was XXMix came out. It's another Japanese like fan mix type thing. It's kind of cool. They've got some pretty interesting songs in there. They have a really good remix of 501, a really shitty remix of Celebrate Night, so it kind of evens out.
You can find the link for that on BamaiStyle under the wonderful Japanese fan mix, like food mix thread, and that's in there.
And then also, there was, oh man, what the? SiberiaStyle 2.5 came out, that's also StepMania skin.
Sort of resembles Technofeen, it's pretty good. I haven't really noticed any differences between the 2.5 and 2, but yeah, download it anyways, it's pretty good.
That's pretty much it for now. Oh, and DDR UK's back up. But, eh, whatever.
Alright. Wow, this is tough because I'm trying to tally votes from tonight's cage match here, so somebody's got to help me fill time.
Dark Sakura, tell them about some of the other people...
I've got a lovely bunch of coconuts.
Tell them about some of the lovely...
What am I supposed to tell people about?
Some of the other lovely programming we have on Orange Laundry.
Yeah, we do other shows. Do we still do Diversion on Monday?
Yes, we are.
Okay, there's Diversion on Monday and it starts whenever the hell it feels like playing it.
And then on Tuesday, I do pump up the volume, which is actually Gorillaz Marathon. I'm sorry.
Which is actually whatever I feel like playing at the time, or whatever the chat room requests.
It's really supposed to be your request show, but no one ever requests anything except for really bizarre shit I don't have.
Although I do have a bunch of bizarre stuff.
Pre-show starts at a quarter to seven, the show starts at seven thirty to ten thirty,
or whenever the hell I feel like passing out.
This Tuesday, by the way, I will not be doing the show on Tuesday.
I will be doing it another night.
Because my ass take a night off on my birthday, so fuck that.
So you can check our Orange Lounge LiveJournal community for the information on when the
show will be rescheduled for.
Yeah, responsible bullshit.
Next up is Rob's show, Outside the Box.
Yes, but Outside the Box is actually on hiatus until the station relaunch in May.
So it comes on eventually.
Yes, eventually. You have to look forward to that.
Well, maybe we'll have to make some type of arrangement.
I will be doing my show just on a different night.
And then we do the repeat thingy.
on DDR Freak actually. That's indeed right, I just want to make a mention.
And we actually have a lot of people that listen over on DDR Freak, and so
as kind of a thank you to you guys over on DDR Freak for making us kind of a
popular little spin-off over on DDR Freak Radio, we actually now are on same-week
rotation.
So because of the fact that we didn't have a show last week, we used it as a chance to
clean the gap there on DDR Freak. So now you are hearing,
when you hear this show, this is the show that we did that same Sunday. You don't
to wait a week anymore you're actually getting the show the same week we did it
and you'll be hearing it in like full mp3 pro quality yes yes so because they
have they have very good quality over there at DDR freak radio so you get a
good quality yeah I'd say it's a pretty nice operation run over there yeah and
then we have our new spin-off ferret radio actually um we are as when we
relaunch in May and kind of things you know take over again we're going to be
kind of looking for new talent to do some new shows so you know maybe we need
to be doing orange lounge idol oh yeah so we'll see what happens we have so if
you want to be a part of the best of 2005 nominated Orange Lounge radio we're
gonna have opportunities coming up and it doesn't have to be about Bahmani
anything gaming related in the slightest we're gonna take so we'll have more
details on that coming soon so and don't forget about the the kick the ultra Kade
but oh yes we have that too yes we need more pictures of people kicking ultra
Kade machines those bits are trying to steal the main name yeah I think some of
that got settled and that's not happening but it's still funny so the
fact that the dude tried and he was such a complete retard because the name was
already registered and already somebody else's invention so yeah kick you know
So, kick an Ultra Cave machine out of love for Orange Lounge and send me the picture.
Alright.
Sounds good.
And only one person has voted for us on Podcast Alley tonight, so I hope that maybe some of
the rest of you guys are just waiting on those email confirmations.
They won't spam you.
There is completely nothing to vote for us over on Podcast Alley.
Please do.
We'd appreciate it.
Alright, let's hear it.
You guys want to hear tonight's winner of the Cage Match?
Ah, sure.
Alright.
Now, here's the interesting thing.
votes tonight than any other cage match in orange launch radio history so this
was now and I and somebody in the chat room actually called me on it said sky
you say it every week that the cage match is a hard one to decide tonight
definitely is the case because of so many votes more votes tonight than any
other night what is the winner
yoko kano goes into retirement with a fifth week and now that I think about it
we have no show next week six weeks that song will have been a cage match victor
six weeks you guys have called that song a lot of people in history a lot of
people in their comments actually said it deserves retirement I'm only voting
for it because it deserves to be retired so there you go
I think it's a but this is nice because now Loki has had one song retired
realize that I'm going to have to have like one of those head braces because my
egos gonna fall out of proportion this is I'm going to look like the head this
is a nice note to end on because with the whole we are starting over joke we
have going tonight because Loki has now had one song retired echo image come
back I have had one song retired Gwen Stefani what you waiting for and yeah
dark dark Sakura has now had one song retired with yoko Kano with rise so
we've all had one song retired and so when we come back in on May 1st cage
Kage Match starts over. Kage Match starts new. Three brand new songs are going to be in it, so it'll be interesting.
We're going to have to change up the theme. We'll have to do something. We'll have to work on that over the next couple weeks. Change up the theme.
Oh, and by the way, since I made a mention of this to Rob and Loki earlier, I do want to actually give a shout out to some of our listeners.
This is some of our UK listeners. Hi.
Yes, actually, I... the cool... is such a cool thing about doing this radio show, and
I know a lot of times we talk about, like, Sacramento things, and things we're doing
in Sacramento, gaming and some of that, and Bay Area, because we're just across the street
from the Bay Area, pretty much. We've got listeners in Canada, as you found out tonight,
we have that caller from Ghetto. We've got listeners in the UK, we've gotten some email
from the UK. We've gotten some listeners in Japan, too. Japan is actually one of our biggest
country representations. I believe our number... our third most listed country. I think number
three behind U.S. and Canada, actually. I think U.K. or England itself is actually number
four.
Yep.
So, you know, and I wanted to stop and make that mention to our listeners in, you know,
in non-United States countries, because, you know, even though we go off on everything
happening over here, we're still thinking of you guys, so thank you for listening to
us and for blowing up my ego to astronomical proportions.
Alright, now, we have a choice for what we can do next week for the cage match. We're
gonna have a pre-taped show, so there's two things we can do. A, we have, it's gonna be
a pre-taped cage match next week, um, and we will actually do the voting on our website.
So there's two choices we can do for that. We can do A, the ultimate cage match with
all the retired songs, and choose a victor between all three of those retired songs.
Of course then it wouldn't be a surprise what you're going to hear or choice number two
and the chat room has been begging us to do this for about 70 weeks now, reverse cage
match number two.
What do you think?
Reverse cage match.
It would be good to end season four with the retirees.
We have three retirees now, right?
Yup.
Why not do both?
Alright, we're going to do both next week.
So there'll be two cage matches.
Because we love you guys!
Double ultimate secret cage match!
We'll do the retirees to end season four, and we'll do the reverse cage match to start
season five.
Actually, this is season five that's ending right now, season five.
Well, it's season six!
Sorry.
So season five will come to an end with two season matches.
The season of Satan!
This is like a reality show finale.
Now for those with confused looks on their faces, what's a reverse cage match?
That is where we pick three songs and the winning song is banned from Orange Lounge
Radio and will never be played again.
In the last reverse cage match, which took place on episode 69, it was complicated from
Dance Mania Speed 9, was banned from the station forever.
So the speed mix of complicated was banned from the station forever.
We will not play it.
Both coming back next week. It's gonna be a two-cage match week. All right, so look
for that. All right, um, I think we need to go to a break. I need to break
something. Yeah, we need a break. When we come back, we're gonna have the FUs of
the week and maybe a couple more Skype calls. Ask Orange Lounge, we have to do
one more of those in the studio, and whatever else we think of. So we'll be
back after this in this break what's a fun theme to do for this break let's see
I'm digging through the old songs just play maximizer three times in a row no
we're not going to do max but we can do songs that start with M let's do that
we're gonna do songs that start with M so we'll be back after this break started
with some Matsuri Japan. We'll be back after this.
Go!
Go!
Go!
Go!
Go!
If you wanna be a man yet you're playing games
If you gotta kid act like your father's the baby in yours
Then hey, why mom? Don't try boy, out by boy
And if you don't change you be crying boy
Cause something ain't right, and you know it boy
That's probably why she thinking you're behind the court
You got more hoochie mommas than a two-light crew
Now who dat is?
Now who dat is?
Now who dat is?
Oh who dat is?
Now who dat is?
Now who dat is?
Now who dat is?
Now yesterday you said you was with your boy But I saw you in jail, it's no holdin' notice
You know the girl that I'm talkin' about That's right, I'm callin' your story, but I
Now I think it's about time that I put you in jail
About who lost patience at the local special
To all you fellas, this is just a game
Mackin' to the ladies tryin' to build your name
Wanna be a player tryin' to get a piece
I'll break your neck if I catch a disease
Round town soybeans like a farmer
You better beware your baby mama
Who dat is?
My baby mama
No, who dat is?
My baby mama
Now who dat is?
My baby mama
No, who dat is?
Know Who That Is
The last that ever she saw it Carried away by a moonlight
She had a bad song, worried and warning
Carried away by a moonlight
She had a chance to look in the riddle
There's a Saturday night
Far away on the other side
She was caught in the middle of a different spot
And she couldn't find how to push through
She sang for an evening
Carried away by a moonlight
She had a sad song
Cold and breathing, carried away
By the moonlight shadow, she saw what's been when it's gone
Far away on the other side
He was shot six times by the man on the run
And she couldn't find how he pushed through
I said, I said, I prayed
Are you in heaven one day?
Day falling and it's morning
Coming your way, by a moonlight shed
I want your vision burning
Coming your way, by a moonlight shed
Shed, shed, shed, shed, shed, shed, shed, shed
Gaming Radio, so uncensored
That even Tom Brokaw could get a job with us
Mooch, uh, moo-caw-key, Orange Lounge Radio.
Pack gun.
All right, we are back here with Orange Lounge Radio.
Currently, a radio dedicated to all things Bomani and then some, but in two weeks, what gamers really want to know.
The live show here, what we've got going on in this three hour program, it's not going to really change.
We still are going to be the source, the premier internet radio source for DDR and other music and rhythm game news.
We're not going to change what we're doing Sunday nights.
it's just the change is going to affect the podcast which you know this kind of
already happened if you listen to this week's episode and it also is going to
affect the rest of what you're on the station we're gonna be looking for new
shows to kind of expand we want to be the video gaming internet radio station
the station so we're kind of excited about it so we're looking forward to it
we are gonna have the biggest adjective ever and we know that the only way we're
gonna achieve this is with your guys's help and because we have an awesome
listening base there is no way in hell we would ever have been nominated to the
best of life 365 Awards without our listening base and all these other
things we do you guys rock love you guys kisses alright so that being said let's
go from the lovey-dovey chat to the angst and hatred chat that you guys have
come to know and love and hopefully this won't be directed at the listeners
tonight I think we might want to leave on a good note here so dark Sakura why
is it that we always do these f-use of the week every single week
Okay, big F you to people who drive ten miles under the speed limit when I'm driving twenty
over.
An F.U. to my driver's side window that keeps rolling down, and a sap that fell all over
my car windows in a sticky manner that has faded put little droplets all over my window.
F.U. to being bored by just about everything since the semester is almost over, school
has gotten into the really boring yet really hectic phase where, oh my god I gotta get
all the shit done you know if you do my allergies in the springtime in general
and if you to living in my crappy apartment with my interesting neighbors
and I mean interest by interesting I mean totally sucky no my neighbors think
are all thug gangsters. Yeah. Um, and as, I mean, the really wannabe thinking they are.
It's a really annoying kind. If they really were, I'd think, oh well that's kind of awesome,
but no. So. Um, yeah, and uh, I want to go back to Alabama. Cause I need grit. I'm done.
Alright, Loki!
Fuck you to moving! I hate moving! Moving sucks!
Honestly, I mean, let's see, let's start off with people that drive slow.
Every single person, old person, person in a truck, always driving goddamn slow.
And I'm doing, honestly, I'm doing like the speed limit because I don't want to go crazy with my car and stuff,
a ton of, you know, boxes in and stuff I can't see out the back window or anything like that.
So, you know, I've been doing pretty good, you know, but these guys are going like twenty
in a goddamn fifty, okay? Stuff like that. It's so awful. Um, then, also, to the fact
that I have just so much crap to pack, that just really sucks. Pucking in my apartment
for having a air conditioning unit right next to the bedroom, um, that sounds like a jet
engine
firing up uh... in the middle it went some bastard upstairs wanted air
i mean it's not that hot outside and he's fucking
terrier is off
well i got
dead-end no anyway
i think we could have a good i can't believe through anything but you know
my you know fiance cannot and
no didn't like that too much
also uh...
the fact that uh...
my car's check engine light came on
why
why now
especially now that you know moving costs money
fixing a car is not exactly the agenda
things are pretty tight as it is
hope nothing majorly wrong is with my car
if it's something really bad i can take it to the dealership and they'll fix it
you know because I've got that extended warranty that thank God I bought I don't
know it just really sucks sucks that I'm also gonna be without internet for you
know a couple days and cable TV and that kind of stuff but I'll live since I'm
gonna be packing and moving shit for the next few days that sucks
that's me to that goddamn TV for being so fucking heavy I mean this TV is like
I think it's a 27 inch TV or something and it weighs a ton it's like we
We comprise our TV of solid lead and spent uranium.
It's like, I don't understand why that TV's gotta be so damn heavy, but it is.
And then, um, let's see what else.
Oh, fuck you, the, um, mutated, ugly, um, bitch next door that, um, rented me my U-Haul truck because, um, I rented it online, you know, I reserved a 14-foot truck.
there I've been trying to call you and I couldn't get hold of you well I had you
know I gave you know my work number and my home number I never heard a call over
here now I've been sitting here packing she's like we don't have a 14 foot truck
you have to take 10 I'm like okay fine I'll take the 10 foot truck are you gonna be
driving at night cuz they don't got one headlight like okay fine I'll take the
gimp truck so then I take the gimp truck drive it around the fucking you know
everything's breaking those things like oh my god let's get this packed and done
with you know before the truck falls apart we can get it back to her and
honestly we drove a total of seven miles seven miles the gas gauge is full it's
still on full we get there you'll go it's that my pride in you fill it up I'm
I'm charging you $3 for gas!
For seven miles!
I mean, granted, I understand, you know, this might be like an SUV,
but, you know, I don't think I use $7 for the gas driving seven miles.
Or, you know, $3 for the gas, whatever it is.
I mean, shit.
Oh, and not to mention that the truck cost me $19.99 to start off with, $1.19 a mile,
$7 for the goddamn dolly,
And then $5 for convenience fee for on-
What the fuck, I got charged $5 for convenience fee online!
Not to get the same truck I want, instead I get a gimp truck.
What the fuck is that?
Where's Jamie when you need her, because she would be yelling at you-
She would be filing a complaint for you right now.
Here she comes!
Fuck you to the chair for eating the microphone.
Okay, what did I miss? Because I was holding my laundry.
Uh, run by the bill again and why you got charged.
Anyways, so ugly, um, you know, inbred bitch next door, um, she, oh, might I add, she,
for anyone that's out there that's seen Men in Black, okay, you know there's a point in
the movie where this evil alien thing takes over a human host body and kind of does this
weird face, you know, jarring thing with his face and was like, ahhh, you know, she kept
making that, like, look, you know, all of a sudden, it's a three hour show, run down
to rent the truck, which isn't even the right truck that I rented, $1.19 per mile, $7 for
the dolly, and $5 convenience fee for a truck that, you know, I rented, I reserved a 14-foot
truck, she gave me a gimp 10-foot truck with one headlight.
Talk to your manager, write the Better Business Bureau, send a copy of the letter to her so
you can send it to the Better Business Bureau and keep a damn copy.
That's why I love having her around, because she'll just... she'll tell you how to fuck with somebody.
I live to prove people wrong.
Oh, and then to top it off, at the very end of when I got done dealing with her...
Do you know I need high schoolers at my...
We're here on the weekend with me?
I'm like...
U-Haul corporate.
No one that I would want to subject you to.
Anyways, that's all.
Alright, moving on.
I'm fine.
What?
Except for today.
Today was great.
Damn you fucking Linkshell members and doing your fucking, you know, JSA stuff.
I fucking, or JSE stuff.
God damn you people in your artifact armor, not helping me out, but doing everybody else's
in the Linkshell.
I'm gonna hunt you down and kill you.
Alright, let's move on to the in-studio FUs.
Guys, please keep them short tonight.
We're running out of time.
Angel.
Um a few to the stupid radio stations is decided to
Take over the bowling alley in which I decided to play DTR every week
yeah, and
Because they stopped us at the door, and they're like you need to pay 50 bucks to get in we're like, huh?
You need to get a pay 50 bucks to get in please turn around and leave if you're not gonna
and I'm like huh what who of course uh I didn't so I was just like whatever so we
turn around and leave and like went to go play GDR somewhere else and I'm not
telling you where at least on the air because that's just an embarrassment even to me
but I found out later through lab journal that the only reason that they
were charging $50 to get into the place was the fact that they had some
basketball player there that was signing autographs I'm going the hell all right
what ever I mean I'm not even gonna like go on about that's weird cuz I'm like
what are the league people gonna have to pay 50 bucks to nephew to the person
that MPK does because that sucks on Final Fantasy XI. You don't just leave like, you
know, three, no, four monsters that are like way beyond a party's level and then just teleport
out. Like, what the? Oh, great, we're dead. Anyway, bye.
Mel.
Uh, keep em quick. Um, F you to the gas prices right now. Having to pay at least $2.60 for
a gallon, I mean, up in SAC, though, I saw like $2.53 for the cheapest unload and I thought,
wow that is cheap
you know meanwhile back in my you know neck of the woods like this in the mid
two sixties that that's just gotta go man that uh...
and um... i guess the other efforts would be to uh... ugly chicks who wear
those shirts that say hottie or cutie or something
i mean
i'm trying to hate or nothing that i know you know beauty and all that kind of
good stuff it's like
i can understand if you wear a shirt that says like angel or princess i know you're
somebody you know
little or whatever you know it
uh... i've just you know word of
you know a little rule of thumb
if you're certain for excel you do not deserve to have to deal on it
okay sharks girl
i'm very mellow so i i don't really have anything which is unusual for me
i'm just quiet
yay happy
well f you not being angsty
well f you there you go now you're happy
yes very alright
islander
Just F you to EA Sports Online because I refuse to play my favorite game, my NBA Live, until the rosters are updated from all the major stuff that went down two months ago!
Ex-pah. Explicit.
I want to give an F you to the Cheesecake Factory for charging me 420 bucks on the whole meal.
420! 420!
Let's see, there's thirty-two people at the counter.
Okay, including the, damn, that's a lot of cheesecake, you're gonna be, you're gonna
need one of those four XL Cutie shirts after that.
Okay, okay, okay.
Anyways, in a serious note, I know, I understand that sixty dollars went to the maturity and
thirty dollars went to tax.
how the hell were we fucking 160 dollar deficit someone didn't pay for their
meal and I thought who the hell did not pay for their meals I'm gonna be pissed
off and beat the living shit out of them I understand 32 people came in but I
know someone's lying on paying their meals if it is one girl to push that me
because he she thinks I poked her with my penis on the bed wait slow slow down
down buddy what okay I like to give you hey I mean make it quick we got to wrap
this up but if you go to this one girl bitch let me cuz she thought I poked her
with the penis on her on a butt cheek but you don't get boners okay first of
all that was a point that was a racket that was a pointy part of the
racket it's a flap it's not round it's not what the kids are calling it these
days oh it's just you want to see my pointy part of the racket you weren't
just happy to see you right honestly how are you around poking people with their
penis anyways I mean there's a lot of plays I don't know the girl is Fe to all
this what this drama ruckus all over DDR god damn it pick your goddamn people
wisely don't say who I love this person I'd love it but I feel have used for
this blah blah blah you're picking your drama all over me thing I'm supposed to
we pick our relationships I can't do every I can't solve everyone's
relationships every each and every fucking time okay do be continued but I
can it's called cyanide Jamie one quick one before we get to chat room have you
um I forgot what it was remind remind us later all right guys if they're long
they're getting cut short tonight sorry Ram rha yam I think it's Ram I I could
have sworn I had this problem last week or I wasn't sure how to pronounce this
but I think it's Ram says f you to freaking long winter that wreak havoc
with my sinuses SSJ 100 Matt says f you to my tire blowing out at the worst time
possible on the highway ouch f you to the Yankees losing streak go
Yanks lemon-lime jump says f you to my interweb connection crapping out on me
so I couldn't listen to pump up the volume on Tuesday night now mullet says
f you to company and console fanboys can't you have fun with your games and
systems without sucking out the enjoyment of others I'm looking at you
Sony fanboys and you to Nintendo fanboys how about both systems suck can I be on
that so no I'm kidding they're actually both really good in their own special
way Blarg says f you to getting banned from a bar for sneaking in booze well
you do know the purpose of a bar right I just alright whatever he also says f you
to getting banned from 4chan. Fireboma says, my FUs to the assholes at EB Games for selling
out of PSPs too quickly, and then not getting another shipment in for another couple of
weeks. Yeah, but they hardly control that. Illusions says, FU to not being able to go
to the bowling alley on Friday because Larry was busy ice skating. Ice skating! Come on.
F you to hardly anyone showing up for karaoke on Saturday night and F you to myself for coming up with such a lame-ass F
You to be on the last episode in that studio. Don't worry. We're we are starting over
Toshin says F you to keep arcade owners who can buy a 12k gun game, but not a 2dx machine
Hmm sounds like what happened at scabio
Dwork says F you to my English teacher for being totally anal if the paper is
good and the content is good why the hell are you gonna put an F on my paper
for a stupid title? MPQ says I just took up 2DX and I have one F you fuck the
Safari fuck stoic and fuck all the 2DX bullshit running through those songs I
used to like those songs too word that got a nice big word from our studio
LXL Doobs says my f-you also goes to fake thug gangstas the next yeah the
next time I see a nerd white boy walking in my school with shorts down to his
ankles I'm a commit suicide another f-you to sin city for making me stay up
until 2 in the morning at movie Co I'm sorry if I mispronounce that I played a
game of DDR in their arcade after the movie and almost fell asleep while
playing f-you to parents for not believing me when I tell the truth f-you
myself for sucking at life so bad. Oh and another F.U. to staying home alone because
I can't think of any better F.U.s. Legend of Zaku says F.U. to New York State University
Police for being the pigs that they are by holding the students down when they want to
make noise at 3am in the morning. Don't you know people are trying to study? F.U. to still
not being able to buy a Konami 2DX controller for hella cheap. F.U. to my lame ass ant infested
beater of an apartment that I was sent to this year by my campus.
Darkknight says, my F.U. for this week goes to work for being such evil asshats.
And my, and an F.U. to me for being a broke ass negro.
That's his words.
Uh, DD Archaholic, last one, Daniel, uh, DD Archaholic's, uh, passing along one for Daniel.
Daniel says, F.U. to my ex-wife for making my life a living hell.
And I think that's a good one to, uh, end the F.U. segment on exes.
I have no pity for the people who haven't gotten their tax money yet. Sorry Jonas, cause I did mine like 3 months ago.
And if he goes to taxes for not sending me my refunds yet, I filed my taxes like 2 months ago and still haven't got my refund.
And if he did his dog for pissing on my tires, this is not piss my ride dammit!
I have no pity for the people who haven't gotten their tax money yet, sorry Jonas, because
I did mine like three months ago and I got my money two months ago.
If you hop on it right when you get it and telephile, you get your money awfully fast.
So I e-filed, and I had to owe, so does that mean they're not going to take out my money
for another couple weeks?
Do they take money out of your account?
I end up owing all the time, because I have two main deductions.
See, I always have zero, and this year I got, I don't want to brag, but my return was four
digits.
So, yeah.
Yeah, see, that's what I need to do.
But I have Max's holdings.
I need to drop it down to like one.
All right.
I would also like to say that I now have no credit, we have no credit card debt.
so happy hahaha all right guys I could have had a larger refund of fucking
golf lane and fuck me over all right um ten more minutes left in the show you
guys and it's kind of the end of the season the end of a big chapter here in
the Orange Lawns radio book of course you know we've got a little bit of time
left and what do we always do when we have a little time left at the end of
Let's ask Orange Lounge a question.
Can I ask you a question?
Let's ask Orange Lounge some stupid question.
What will we find out tonight on Orange Lounge Radio?
Will they ask about the studio since last week we are here?
Or will they ask a question about the new place where we're gonna be?
Or will they ask something else?
WICKY WICKY!
Excuse me, I want to ask you a few questions.
Um, Elle Mullet, assuming Orange Lounge, the band,
ever sued you and made you change your name,
what would you call your station in its place?
Uh, research that they can't sue us, ha ha ha,
because it's not registered in the United States.
it'll never happen he says yes it'll never happen but what if we'd have to
name our lounge radio I say we name ourselves the big comfy couch radio
station uh bananas in pajamas now nobody better steal this or I swear to God I'm
gonna kick your ass but the standby title I had always thought of was game
beat was the name so cuz you know beat mania I was thinking after the store
that Dan owned game on that would be a good one too we haven't really ever sat
down talked about this but Jamie Jamie's gonna kick your ass Jamie research the
trademark and since orange lounge actually is a trademark in the u.s. we
can have it but Konami Konami knows what we're doing and they don't care we'll do
what Kentucky Fried Chicken does and just call ourselves OLR that's possible as
well so alright anyway let's see they're giving us all these Spanish names in
I don't know what that is about.
El Pantelon!
Uh, Fireboma says,
How many licks does it take to get to the center of Loki's pants?
Well, hey, uh,
you know, when there's only, when there's a giant gaping hole in them,
one. That's not the question you need to be asking us. Yeah, honestly,
uh, we'll, we will give you his girlfriend's email address and you can just ask her
directly.
Why you want to know this, I don't know.
DJ Morpheus is suggesting, by the way, hi, The Peach Colored Booby Show, to which Dark
Sakura is politely looking away.
My response was dot, dot, dot in the chatroom.
By the way, big thank you to DJ Morpheus for being funny.
And check out his program, Undersedation Live, over on Live 365.
It's actually linked right from our play page.
It's on the bottom.
So check it out.
USL.
730 Pacific Daylight Time.
On Saturday.
Indeed. See? Travis, you can't bullshit me anymore. I just, uh, yeah. I just gave you a shout-out, so there, bye.
Alright. Uh, LXL Doobs. Why does everyone hate Stoics, Safari, etc. after the new 2DX?
I don't hate Stoics, it's Taku.
I'm sorry, I don't really follow 2DX.
The Safari was never meant to be 150 BPM, that's why.
That is actually a big reason why people have a beef with the Safari and the song Get On Beat.
When they originally appeared in 3rd and 4th style respectively, they were about 40, about 130-ish.
I've come close to actually beating them, and now I can't and never will.
For some reason, and we have no idea why, but when 6th style came out, they sped them up to 160 BPM,
which makes, and speeding up a song makes it harder in 2DX. You have to hit more keys in a minute,
it just automatically makes the song harder. In fact, there was an another I was playing
in 9th style the other day. The another is just the same damn song sped up. It's crazy.
I can't even remember what it was, though. I think it's Distress, I want to say. I think
it's Distress Another. It's just sped up. I know that there was one, I don't remember
what it was that had, uh, freezes in it, or where it stopped, but in the another it, it
like speeds up or something. I don't remember what song it was. I think it was on 4th style.
although i don't think that it'll be no it wasn't going to know i don't have a
good enough
you know i was faster on uh... they did it both ways
and it was uh...
radical faith
now was not a complete it was uh...
that that was one of the talk is on
and if you have a suggestion or chair of he says that they hate them because the
note charts are total bullshit
and how i think i actually like the safari
the song. Oh yeah, the songs are great. I mean, 2DX songs are sexy. Well, Get On Beat
Wild Style makes me want to barf up, but... Although, sadly, I think like 5th, 6th, 7th
for me was about the peak of 2DX music. I haven't been so into new ones. I think there's
good stuff, though, in the later ones, but... I miss the 4th style booty dancers. We need
more 4th style booty dancers. We need the chick in the bandana to come back and we need
that weird looking guy. LXL Doobs also is asking, why didn't anybody have sex with the
blow-up lamb that Jonas brought tonight because islanders going for it islanders
going for it because some of us don't need to fake it some of us get it for
real oh you can quote her on that well Islanders leaving officially violated
Wow.
Alright.
Didi Archaholic says she wants to ask us if our favorite soda is still pineapple.
I think she's asking me specifically, is your favorite soda still pineapple?
Pineapple Crush specifically is my favorite soda.
I am warming up to other brands because I don't make Pineapple Crush anymore.
I'm warming up to other brands of pineapple soda.
But I find I...
by Pineapple Crush in the ghetto.
Well, I gotta go...
Go down to Del Paso.
I need to go, because I miss Pineapple Crush.
It was the best. I do still like Pineapple Crush.
She says her favorite is melon soda.
I am developing a fond
likeness for chocolate soda, though.
Ramen.
Because it explodes. I love watching people who've
never drunk ramen before, and watching
it explode all over them.
Pineapple is the one way you can get
me to break my rule of only diet sodas.
For those who don't know, I actually gave up regular sodas in favor of diet sodas and
really water.
I drink water more than anything else.
About two years ago now, it's been a while, damn, it's really been that long, it was about
two years ago I gave up soda.
So pineapple's the only thing that would get me to drink regular soda, otherwise I stick
with pretty much diets.
Diet cream soda is the best though, because it tastes like regular cream soda, it really
does.
You know what I should do one day?
Get some pineapple sugar-free Torani, and some half and half, and some soda water, and
make pineapple Italian cream sodas.
would love you I would love you okay we got oh we only got a little bit of show
left I got to make sure we get some of these other questions here illusion I
think this is a good one here what is your favorite memory of all time in this
studio I'll start the night we got karaoke revolution and played it on air
honestly that was some funny shit it really was favorite memory in the yellow
key sign favorite memory in the studio anybody else have one also I would say
um a few weeks ago just recently we had the paparazzi in the studio that was
really cool pretty cool but they made me play DDR I'm like yes and that article
still hasn't run yet we've been kind of waiting to see what that's going toward
the end of the month towards the end of the month okay so we'll see when it
shows up hopefully this week we'll put we'll post on the website when it runs
work for those don't know we're supposed to be in a local newspaper that's got
pretty big distribution so we'll be looking for that soon um any other
anybody else have a favorite memory in the studio entire episode 69 that's all
I gotta say that was just messed up I wasn't here you can just imagine you
you heard episode 69 though eventually I heard I'm staying in yeah I mean that
was that whole karaoke revolution I mean it was episode 69 what what do you
expect I think it was in San Diego staying in the gay fry house you were
you were we're not gonna have that much fun on the Harry Potter closet the next
The first time we will have that much fun on a show will be either episode 187 or episode 420, if we make it that far.
You know we will. We are here to stay because my ego will not let us quit.
You know, I don't, I think that I have fun every week, so every week is a shining star in my memory.
fire bomb asked a follow-up question do do I like dr. pepper cherry vanilla
unfortunately no I do not an angel bro wrong that was so my fault but um no dr.
pepper it sounds great dr. pepper awesome cherry soda awesome vanilla
awesome and it's diet I warned you when I went to Alabama and tried that shit
there because it wasn't out here yet and I was like okay I'll try something new I
I drank probably an ounce of my 20 ounce bottle and threw it away.
I didn't even pour it out because the poor plants would have died.
Legend of Zaku wants to know, will the ferrets have their own bar and love making pad in the new place?
Um, no.
We'll try to think of something special for the ferrets, but we don't have any plans yet.
I guess that's the best answer I have for that, sorry.
you know my I'm so disappointed that my evil gateway the hell machine so broken
right now so the hell are you doing all right and dark night last question last
the last ask orange launch question in the studio I keep feeling like we're
having like a final episode of the whole thing but really not we are coming back
it's just gonna be a new chapter but the final ask orange lounge of this studio
is going to dark night and dark night wants to know sky can you take the web
cam and show the studio one more time before the show ends I took pictures
yeah actually I don't have an FCP thing on here if someone will let me email it
but I will put it up there or I will send it to somebody if they'll put it up
on a thing for me we'll make a gallery on orange launch radio um Jamie will get
Jamie's features and melody since you got it oh I'm disconnected I think keep
keep going no you're there you're still on you were talking it was so on oh my
headphones came out that's what happened sorry oh his headphones are gay oh my
god Wow there he is my favorite part of orange
on radio ever in the studio with his headphones turning gay shut up oh my god
they're coming out through the mixing board whoa all right my headphones are
fact the show sounds okay again
i think if you could take pictures to get a camera that will put on our
website now to create
the cn studio
and none of me because i've never
okay i'm going to take one picture after the show book
this is a completely dirty
well that we ought to cram into the kitchen
i will be in the pictures because i'm not supposed to be
i am mysterious god dammit
okay anyway on
so that's it
and thus
is the end of episode 139, when we come back, season 6, episode 140.
We are starting over.
New studio, new sound for the station.
Orange launch radio, what gamers really want.
Should I be disturbed that Jonas can put his entire fist in his mouth?
I don't know.
Once again, to end the show on a sappy note, thank you guys to the listeners.
We do this because of you guys.
You guys rock, honestly.
Some of you guys have been supporting the station since episode one.
Some of you guys, I know like, just there's folks that have been listening since episode
one.
Some of you guys haven't been listening.
A lot of guys didn't come on board until, remember when we had the Urain premiere?
We got a lot of new people that night.
That was very awesome.
So thanks again to Mel B for helping hook us up with that.
And-
You totally pimped, all right.
Miklotov.
Miklotov as well, because that really expanded our fan base.
A big thank you to DDR Freak Radio, who we've been doing more work with in the past year,
showing that two stations with similar interests can work together for the common good.
And also a big thank you to under sedation live, for which none of this, if under sedation live did not exist,
probably none of this would exist either.
We love you.
So, anything else?
Since we're not going to get to do an acceptance speech at the best of awards, probably.
This one is bullshit!
going yourself just go with yourself we will be here next week with a show it
just be a tape show but it'll be kind of a bookend show just be something to tie
this week together in two weeks May 1st Orange launch radio version 2.0 what
gamers really want to know and now final thoughts and they'll be you've got the
mike to get started properly
uh... well
uh... i just hope that in this next place that we have uh...
watch you have some furniture set up
you know what that is the next two years actually smaller
just for like computers in orange lounge so that's kind of a trade-off
but you know it was a lot more fun at the old house where we all had to be on
top of it's going to be that again it's going to be that again
okay just for that you got a like mountain twister map on the back of the
with but with that better ventilation
and there's a window right there it's gonna be nice
but yeah for uh... going five seasons try guys say man this is a pretty cool
setup and
i mean on behalf of the year spot one you know give you uh... lots of props
for keeping this thing going
army you probably do a hell of a lot better than we do on the upkeep but hey
anything we can do like they say on
as far as from spot standpoint if uh... we can't win the race will help the
people in front of us break the record
Thank you, buddy. I appreciate that. Thank you. Thank you. That's so sweet. And, you know, Mel has not only done a lot for the station, but he's also helped me out a lot, personally, as well.
He did our first promo. He did. He was our first celebrity promo. And we've been running that promo ever since.
He's our first celebrity promo. Yeah. Sharks Girl, final thought.
Well, it's been fun in here. And when I heard you guys were doing the last show in the studio and I had nothing to do, I was like, I have to go up there just to harass them. I'm not going to tell anybody I'm showing up.
so well you've been a very frequent guest that has to drive a long way to
get here and we appreciate that that's you that is hella dedication we totally
appreciate that sharks go always always fun and just hoping to best wishes for
the new studio and as many good memories there as we've had here all right and
Jonas Jonas well it's been one hell of a ride I gotta say now you do know no show
next week right so don't come here I'm gonna be busy anyway so okay but anyway
the open open the new move will be a great move and stuff and hopefully
things turn out pretty well I'm looking forward to see the next some orange
launch the next week orange or on radio all right hopefully invite new people
we'll see yeah if you guys allow it like invite new people it will see what
What happens?
We'll see.
All right.
Islander, behind you.
Final thoughts?
Yeah, it was fun here, the few times that I've been here, and I'm really looking forward
to doing this again, being here, hanging out, and checking out the new place when it's ready.
All right.
Angel.
Although I haven't been listening since episode one, I have been listening since episode 26.
Been good times since then.
good times at this place and hope to continue it when we get to the new
studio uh... good times come here we go
i'll be honest this is a big hole okay the whole apartment is falling apart
i mean there's mold in my room
and the windows falling off the peephole god damn shot out at me today
well no not today but the other day
there's a rat rotting out in front of our apartment i forgot to mention that
eww i saw the rat
It's a goddamn hole, but the other place will be a lot better. So, you know, whatever what you make do with what we have and
Yeah, I gotta still pack some more and I have my laundry going that's never going to be dry in time by the time Nellie
picks me up and oh
Damn it. I hate this week
Dark Sakura. Oh, you want me to go? They have a request to hear the grudge sound real fast.
Thank you. You know, I'm going to have to show this to you. In the new place, in my
new roommates, who by the way, has never been on this show and has no idea what to expect,
my new roommate. He's a gamer, though. He likes Donkey Konga. He loves that game. So
we'll see what happens. My new roommate, in his bedroom, he has the master bedroom in
In his bedroom, there's actually a little cutout that goes to the attic type thing,
and I did that the other night.
I started going, uh, and now he says he can't sleep.
You know, one of Dan's assistant managers at GameStop said that that sound is made by
the vocal cords that control your high pitch and your low pitch, that if you can make that
noise, it means you have a very good vocal capacity.
So, like, gotta get me to sing karaoke.
All right.
final thought is again guys I know this is sounding like a last show but it is
not over we are starting over I'm gonna go with what I've been going with lately
reject false icons think for yourself decide what you like all right
Islander angels fly because they take themselves lightly all right all right
Alright guys, we're well over time tonight, thank you listeners, thank you, thank you,
thank you for helping us get to where we are, helping us be nominated on Life Thesis 5.
Please vote!
Please vote for us on Life Thesis 5, please vote on Podcast Alley, please, please, please.
We wanna, we think we have a shot at the AM-FM1.
We think we have a little shot, a tiny shot at it, so please help us out.
I'm a contestant!
Broadcaster of the year, no way in hell.
There's no way in hell, but you know, we appreciate the votes anyway.
Our station has, I think, a cumulative 3,700 listening hours.
Some of the other stations nominated in that category have six digits, 100,000, 150,000.
Yeah, so we're kind of like, we're the dark horse.
But you know what?
Fan base, show them what you can do.
All right.
The final word in the final studio, one, two, three, pants!
That does it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio Live.
Orange Lounge Radio Live is an Orange Lounge Radio production.
For more information about our station, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here is your fortune cookie message of the day.
Skendo!
Oh, baby!
Thank you very much for listening,
and we'll see you next week.
And now back to our Bahmani Music and More program, please reconnect to the stream at
about 15 cents.
Thank you guys so much.
