Laff and Daffy had math, fat tack, lining them up like ass crack
Play these Tonys at the track, it's my chocolate attack
Shoot I'm steppin' in harder this year, yeah, bear reppin' in harder this year
Watch me at the gravitate, ha ha ha ha ha
Yo, we gon' dose down this Motown with your sound
You in the blade, gon' bite to dust, can't fight with us
With your sound, you kill the ache, so don't stop, get it, get it
Until you cheer together, watch the way I navigate
Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha!
The windmill, windmill for the night, love forever hiding out Take it all out on your
It is taking for all in their love forever
Love is free, let's turn forever
You and me
Windmill, windmill for the land
It's everybody else
Those shots that it is
The iron captain's in his ditty
Watch him jab at me
Ha ha ha ha ha
Don't shout shit at me.
She'll be fighting captain for this baby watching travel day.
Jab at me! Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!
The following live program is a special presentation of Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is presented in the TMI sound format.
You're listening to Orange Man Radium Live from BONNIE TALK RADIO.
Oh. My. God.
Oh, God.
Call me Daddy.
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain plenty of...
B-b-b-cocky.
Just kidding, Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that.
In this episode...
Well isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Sky, and Loki.
We are live!
This is episode number 138 for this April the 3rd of 2005.
You're tuned into the Bemani scene's most sexy radio station of all things video gaming
in Bemani.
My name is Rob Roberts, you might know me as Skye, joining me as always are my awesome
co-hosts.
In this corner, the happiest bunny on the farm, Ms. Jamie Summers, you might know her
as Dark Sackler.
I have a mouth full of nuts.
Hot!
Macadamia.
Oh, not hot.
Not hot.
But yummy.
But yummy, very yummy.
Yes, very yummy.
Sweet and not too salty.
Great.
Also in this corner, say hello to our tech massa slash the official, I'm giving him a
new title tonight.
The official Orange Lounge pirate! Arrrrr!
Loki.
Why am I a pirate?
Arrrrr! I don't know, because you pirate-like things. Because you're always chasing the booty.
That's why.
Okay. How are you, sir?
I'm fine. Also say hello to a regular guest, DDR Angel.
Hello.
who's feeling as uh... angel as always i guess i don't know and brought me taffy
which is awesome
better hurry up and eat some cuz i'm like porking through all this taffy
i'm like mmm blue candy sugar mmm it's yummy
it's okay magus decided to steal some last night while i went to bed anyway
i'm like okay i'm going to bed next thing you know i uh... yesterday or i mean this morning i looked in the
bag i'm like
dammit half of it's gone
that's what happens when you put taffy in front of people it disappears because
happy is yummy anywho we should have a heck of a show for you guys tonight we
found the sound clip we wanted to play very badly for you guys last week we
played it about a year ago which is a little bit of a hint as to what it is
we were talking about a little something something last week and we finally found
the sound clip of it to play tonight so it's it's wonderful so we're gonna play
it doesn't have me saying anything you know no it's actually not a sound clip
of you. It's a sound clip of somebody not even on this show, but that's what makes it
funny. We'll discuss what that is in a little bit, don't worry. I'll give you a hint during
break. Alright, speaking of break, let's get to it. In this break, some random music. We'll
start it off with a little bit of French counting. So if you want to learn how to count to three,
just listen very carefully to the lyrics of the song. We'll be back after this with more
Orange Lounge Radio. Enjoy!
Can you be your fantasy, give me ecstasy
Now tell me why
Tell me why
Now tell me why
Let me go, let me go Let me go, let me go
There's only one
I see it all day, and they make me wonder
It's overloaded
Good, good, baddle, baddle, bitch, I move out
C'mon
Don't don't sleep on me, please Don't don't sleep on me
I'm gonna take you away And let it show you the way
We didn't go in the skyline With the speed
Fly away, fly away I'm gonna take you away
And even though it's not love, it's just fear
Fly away from the sea, feeling love instantly
Until we reach eternity
Hi Ho, Karmit D. Fogg here informing you that today's broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio is
Brought to you by the letter B, the letter A, and the number 59.
Can you tell me how to get, how to get to Sesame Street?
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 138.
In progress here on this lovely April night.
Hope you guys had an interesting April Fool's Day.
I know there were a lot of interesting pranks that were played out there by some various websites.
Of course, one of the biggest sites I'm sure most of us who listen to this program visit once in a while,
in a while the DDR freak did a joke but it wasn't really a joke which was kind
of funny they went in the groove for a day they're gonna turn to in the groove
freak but it frickin wasn't a joke like they actually added an in the groove
section so I thought that was kind of funny like kind of with the jokes on you
type thing but that made me giggle how long did you know that you guys were
doing that because you're a moderator over there so you get special privileges
huh you know given the why am I so loud I don't know you're given the issue with
last year. I just sort of sat back and let everybody else do their thing and I was like
yeah I'm not even gonna. Seriously like last year was a lot and I couldn't believe some
of the response the joke was getting on DDR4 because people were like oh this is this sucks
compared to last year. Last year was funny. And I'm going like okay last year was like
too much. I'm like you cannot outdo what they did last year because what happened last year
was over the top. Last year, the best part about it was actually getting everything that
led up to April Fool's Day. Because we were all becoming power hungry, egomaniac. It was
basically wrestling drama. Basically. It was like you all got to be WWE members for a minute.
We were all like, screw y'all. We are all admins and we are going to just take over
the whole page. And then, all chaos broke loose on New Year's.
See, my brain's all, I swear it's Daylight Savings Time if I can win my head.
Oh, I have a lot to say about Daylight Savings Time in a little bit.
But seriously though, last year was so much fun this year, I'm like, nothing will ever
be what last year was, so I just sat back and let it happen. Like, this is your puppy.
Well, here's the thing, everybody's saying that, you know, it doesn't top last year and
it wasn't funny and it wasn't creative and it was too obvious, but I think what people
don't get is that the actual joke was not the fact that DDR Freak was going to turn
into In The Groove Freak.
The joke was is that it was something that they really were going to add to the site
and keep, so it was kind of like one of those not a joke jokes.
Gotcha twice!
Kinda.
I don't know how to put it.
Yeah.
Now, everybody knows I was a very vocal critic of last year's joke.
I did not enjoy last year's joke.
I thought it was way over the top, not necessary.
So I much prefer this year's joke.
I'll tell you what, part of the joke was getting the angry reactions, though.
That was part of the good thing.
No offense.
No, that's all right.
But last year's joke was stupid, so I'm glad that this year's joke was a little more tame
and kind of funny.
Yeah, good thing we didn't do anything.
Yeah, I know.
We decided to stay out of the April Fools thing, because you know, I don't think April
Fools is that funny at all.
No.
Exactly.
Boy caught it.
Uh-huh.
So anyway, where was I?
Oh, yes.
Oh, we're going to play that, because we might have some new people listening to the show.
You're going to hear us repeat a lot of this stuff through the month of April, because
we got that nomination for Broadcaster of the Year for the Best of Life 365.
So thank you, hugs and kisses to Life 365, thank you.
We feel very honored and, frankly, somewhat surprised that we got nominated for that,
you know?
Most unlike...
I'm not surprised at all.
I mean, after all...
What?
No, seriously.
You've got...
You have my gorgeous voice.
We have our violent and angry young man here.
And then we have you.
Yeah, and then there's the gay.
And then we have the gay.
I don't know, I'm not surprised at all. We put enough work into this, we deserve our
kudos, dammit. Well thank you for being so humble about everything, I appreciate it.
We are fucking celebrities. Okay, the internet loves us.
Well in all reality I'm going to come down to, you know, planet earth here. I don't know
where Jamie's at right now. I'm going to come down to planet earth here.
you guys but it's just funny to see everybody that's nominated for
broadcaster the year and you've got some really frickin fantabulous stations
folks that are probably I don't know this for sure I'm speculating here but
I'm guessing there's one at least one or two stations in there where that is what
they do is like 365 so to be nominated amongst that is like awesome I don't
even know how to put it and it's our listeners who helped us get there so you
know kisses to you guys you know I have to make a mention to the chat room yes
no we are not going to have Roberto or Jaime thank you yes no we are not going
to be an espanol we will be in Esperanto now if now if we wanted to do the April
Fool's thing which we don't having the station in Spanish one day would have
been pretty funny so we got to write these down for next year if we wish is
incredibly funny because I don't speak any Spanish except for el telefono es
en fuego which translates to the telephone is on fire don de esta el
bano that's the only one I know where is the bathroom because you know if you're
gonna go we should do this show in Japanese if you're gonna go visit like
Tijuana that's a phrase you need to know all right anyway well that back to the
sound clip. I was going to play this. Ah, screw the clip. You might remember we were
actually nominated for Best of the Life 365 last year in the category of Most Unlikely
to Hear on AM-FM radio, which we got nominated in again this year, which is very cool. So
there's, you know, two places to nominate us. However, something very funny happened.
Three of us, all three of them, myself, Dark Sakura, and Loki, we all went to the awards
ceremony, and this is what happened when we got there. Okay, Most Unlikely to Hear on
AM-FM radio. Is that where we are? Yes. Unnamed stream. Fluffer tracks. Apollo 11 or Pern
Pokemon radio. P-I-R-N. Oh yeah. Orange Lounge was nominated as well.
Oh yeah. Oh crap. Oh yes. Those guys. Oh damn. What happened to that?
orange orange radio crap let me scrape off my shoes we can get a nomination
let's see don't okay I could just imagine this are getting ready to leave
the okay now you guys remembered we got the fluffer station the porn stage we
got Pokemon right okay that's all we need screw orange line screw I plan to
sit at I plan okay this is my plan for the award ceremony this year this year
uh-huh it's sitting at the damn table with a bottle of tequila doing shots
through the whole thing okay now listen though very careful I'm
going to play a little clip of this again listen very carefully after they
announced Pokemon radio which was the last one they read they start to open
the envelope listen very carefully to what happens in the background radio PIRN
in that I you distinctly hear Loki back there going hey hey this doesn't fly hey
lady I wasted a tank of gas to get here I'm drunk
say my name bitch say my name I think you and I were the only ones who drank
no I think Loki didn't you kick back a beer or two no you were driving you had
to drive. Somebody had to be responsible. Well I don't know why Loki was saying hey,
he wasn't driving. I think I had like a Sapporo, a Heineken, and Guinness. I'm like, let's
have the international alcohol today. So then of course, just as a reminder. Oh yeah, Orange
Lounge was nominated as well. They didn't make it to the envelope, sorry about that.
we we printed them separately so they might have. I had no idea what that excuse was. And the winner goes to Fluffertracks, Vanyavich. Yay, hooray for the porno radio station.
Hooray for them. Okay, yeah, great. So just as a reminder, we didn't win last year,
so we'd really appreciate your vote this year. So head on over to www.orangetownstrator.com
and it has a link so you can go to the ballot on line 365 and vote. So I hope you
all take a second to do that. And maybe this year we will be remembered on the envelope.
This year, we need to make a scene. They need to realize that it is stations like us who
make the money for them. Oh wait, you're up, oh I'm sorry, Planet
Earth's down here and you're up here again. No seriously, if it wasn't for us and the
fact that people keep wanting to listen to us and we have to pay them more money to enable
our listeners to enjoy us do you think that maybe the fact that we somehow
actually got nominated broadcaster years a little bit of an apology for that last
year like oh shit we better make it up to them somehow they better have a table
separated for us well but this is a weird thing with rose petals and like
some nice champagne and waffles I demand waffles here's the crazy thing we
actually have quite a few listeners in the Bay Area where this show's award
ceremony is going to take place a lot of people have been asking me if they can
go we have totally have got to carry the totally have to make up the choreography
for, um, yeah, choreography for, like, something, something sort of, like, you know, the West
Side Story, just come in, just start, just like, all just, like, come in and just, like,
you know, prance around you, that'd be fucking hilarious.
Actually, we will be taking official sign-ups on our website pretty soon for the official
Orange Lounge Radio Entourage. The folks that will be going with us to the award show, they
have to have 20 bucks, because it costs 20 bucks to go to the show, and you have to have
your own way over there or something, fine, because we, we don't have a big van or anything,
make sure you can find a ride to the hotel where this is gonna be at and I
forget where it is I'll look it up later in the show and give it to you guys but
we do need people to actually be carrying the red carpet so that when
Jamie, Loki, myself arrive they can roll it out so we can walk on it and walk in
that is awesome and it needs to be crushed velvet do you think I'm kidding
the sad thing is ladies and gentlemen she's not alright anyway so more to come
on that a little later so I don't want to keep dragging this segment out for now
I'm going to return to this because life 365 now we know you're listening yeah we
know there's you snubbed us last year now that we are really huge and we are
bigger this year we are we are bigger than we have play on DDR free radio yeah
And I'd say we're bigger than the Pope, but that would be in very poor taste this week,
so we're not bigger than that right now.
But we're bigger than, um, um...
We are bigger than Goatsee.
Yeah, we're bigger than Goatsee.
I agree.
We are.
We are bigger than big.
And so you have, you better get out the chapstick because you're going to be kissing our ass
so much this year.
Oh my gosh, you know how much, do you know how many fellow broadcasters are listening
to this for the first time going, what a bunch of stuck up bitches. See if they get our vote.
Jamie really is a polite individual. If you meet her in person, she's a big fluffy hug
monster when you meet her. She just, you know. I really am cute and adorable, aren't I? Don't
push it. Alright, anyway. Seriously, I'm glad we got the nominations this year. Yes, I'm
very glad too. I was surprised. I'm not bitter at all about last year. It's an excuse for
me to drink more expensive alcohol and have a good time.
Encouraging our fellow broadcasters to continue to give the finger to conventional radio.
Exactly.
That's what this is really all about, is giving the finger to conventional radio.
We're about protecting our first amendment rights and saying, hey, regular radio, y'all
can kiss my ass.
That's right.
We are about, we want to be able to say fucking shit on the air and we are all about, you
know, our right to, you know, say whatever we want.
If we want to tell dick and fart jokes for three hours, that's what we're going to do.
That's practically what we do anyway.
I know.
Anyway.
And we've been doing this for two and a half years.
Moving on.
Let's start off tonight's show, but outside of that little rant, we usually start off
the show with a little bit of, how was your week, how was your day, so let's back up a
little bit.
DarkStalker, how was your week, how was your day?
Busy as all get out, oh my god.
know the week before was spring break so now that spring break's over my ass is
back in having to do all this crap for school and my teachers have actually
taken a bit of mercy on us although I did skip my art class on Wednesday
because I was just worn out from running at the gym but I'm full swing in my
training schedule as well training for the mud run so I can get all dirty and
icky and ogle at the Marines, hurr. So I ran Monday and Wednesday, worked out a
little bit elsewhere in the week, did a lot of shopping. We paid off all of our
bills, hahaha, such a good feeling. Really this week's just been me either going to
work, going to the gym, or doing school crap, or working on my fan project, or working on
stuff for the radio station, which I've actually been coming up with a few ideas.
I'm going to be coming up with a few more.
And Lemon Lime Jump, that's cool that your sister's a Marine, my little brother's a Marine
too.
So it's just really been pretty busy.
Oh, yeah, I did though hang out yesterday with iguana girl and Tia
We went shopping. We did girly stuff all day
Did y'all go get makeovers and pedicures and you know what no
Baby and tried on jeans, okay
For like an hour and a half. Yeah, I could do that and I'm not a girl. I
like clothes and
It's just it's very frustrating right now because I'm in between sizes. So nothing I try on fit worth a damn
I have a question. Why is it that pants sizes for, you know, for girls, um, they're always
like, you know, 14, 16, 18, where are the juniors? Oh, I never knew that. So that means
I could go to Target. This is cool. I can actually shop in the junior section at Target
now. That makes me very happy because then I can get stuff cheap now and I can go to
thrift stores too. Thrift store shopping is awesome. I went to thrift store the other
They had a bunch of crap.
I almost bought some vinyl pants though.
That's awesome.
But they were cut really funny.
And then I went today, because it was a stupid daylight savings time, my ass was up until
4 o'clock, which I was up until 5.30 on Friday, so it's all good.
And then I went out to lunch with Dan, and we went to the Eastern buffet because I had
a free meal over there. Which is a Chinese food buffet, right? Yeah, it used to be really
gross but they were pretty good today. That's good. I had a good dim sum. And then I went
to, we went to Dimple, which is, it's a local record store chain used in new stuff. They
usually overprice all their old DVDs. Excuse me. But we found like the motherload of Atari
games. It was awesome. In fact, I've got a list here of what we found. For anyone who
is a classic gaming nut like me and my man are. We got the Star Trek Star Fleet Academy
thing that was on the Atari 2600 back in the day. And we also picked up, you know I have
it right in front of me can't believe them okay we also picked up junior
pac-man frog or two and journey escape which was actually the band journey now
I remember the journey video game in the arcades like back in the 80s it was
awesome because it actually had like MIDI style don't stop believing and open
arms and stuff that played in the background but what is journey escape on
the Atari was it the same thing you haven't even played it in but it's one
of the rare you need to check it out because I want to know if it's just like
the arcade game or if it's like a whole different adventure well I also was
digging around for to replace some CDs that I've since lost and I was off
looking for actually specifically today I was looking for blur CDs but as I was
walking down to the register this tape caught my eye from the side and it
turned out to be a gorillas promo DVD I'm not DVD but a VHS and gorillas is
band you've really been getting into lately right yes and and what is don't
give me that no no I'm just let me give you let me warm up my eyes a little bit
Oh precious dark sacro what is the charm of the gorillas no I seriously what is
it because it's like it's like half art half music half fandom which is three
halves but I don't really indescribable just go to the website and you will be
lost for hours digging through the studio. All right. I don't have enough
time in the show to go into it so I won't. Just read my live journal. All
right, fair enough. Speaking of live journal, we have a Orange Lounge live
journal community. It's www.livejournal.com slash users slash
Orange Lounge. All one word. Nice plug. No problem. And I haven't really plugged our
chat room tonight either so let me give that a shout out. www.OrangeLoungeRadio.com
click on chat. Loki, how was your week? How was your day? My week's been all over
the place. Well, let's see, starting with Monday. Monday was kind of eh, it didn't
really do anything. Tuesday, they finally announced that I got the job at my
company, so now I'm actually game sales now with a nice bonus and pay raise, so
that was cool. Congratulations. And so now I'll be selling games and that kind of
stuff so that'd be cool then also let's see what else happened then Wednesday
nothing really much actually you fast forward to about Friday Friday went saw
Sin City that was awesome then yesterday I went and got a PSP because I just have
to have a PSP to mess around with so that was kind of cool got wiped out pure
and twisted metal head on and then I hit a car and that sucked that was kind of
the down point of the day it didn't do any damage to the car really I mean
other than some paint scrapes I looked at my car there's a little bit of a bent
part on next to the headlight but I mean it didn't even break the headlight or
anything and the bent parts just like ever so slightly and I mean you
honestly looking at it you wouldn't even notice and so you know I had to call my
insurance company and do all that crap so that's just suck but honestly I don't
think anything's gonna happen cuz I mean they've been lowering my insurance you
know for like the last I don't even know how many years and you know didn't do
any damage to my car so now we're all good and then what else then yesterday
played some clue because that's awesome and today after you know a short recess
of you know not having them for a while I got the Sunday headache again but it's
kind of fun though today with my PSP because I'm actually researching for the
future for our website PSP access you know special page IRC that kind of crap
so I actually got on well of course no one in our chats can be able to see it
because it's in our mod for us but I got on and actually made a post on orange
lounge radio with a PSP that's kind of amazing and the way now for those who
don't know the way this has been done is there's actually on wipeout pure that
game there's a downloadable content link on the actual main menu there and what's
gonna happen later on once they activate it is you're gonna be able to download
new maps new textures etc but that's not available right now so you know because
the big community that buys PSPs you know a lot of them are geeks they went
and packet sniffed the web page so they found out how it was connecting or where it was
connecting to. And so now all you do in your PSP when you set it up is you actually set
up a proxy server so basically you put an IP address that you want to connect to and
it will connect to that certain directory or whatever. And so basically you can make
a web page that has a bunch of links on it and like a browser input thing and you can
actually connected to websites that way and I mean this is being covered on
slashdot and gadget a bunch of different websites so you can find out more about
it on there but the new thing that they just started with PSP IRC and that you
actually can connect to IRC right now it's only one channel they can connect
to but they've got like a little mini keyboard on there so it's pretty cool so
you're gonna see a lot happening with this probably even before e3 but I'm
sure they're going to release a browser for it eventually. Now, I've been hearing a lot
of folks that are picking up a PSP. What they're actually doing with it is they're using the
memory stick to actually put other things onto their PSP, such as pornography, but in
more practical senses, their MP3 collections and things of this sort, so they can actually
use their PSP as kind of like an iPod replacement, basically. A lot of people are now saying,
F the iPod, because I can pick up a PSP and play MP3s on the go, correct? Correct, and
And hell, if you're spending 250 bucks on a PSV, you might as well fucking get your money's worth, that's what I say.
Cause, I mean, honestly, when I was looking for games and stuff, I was like, eh, you know, Wipeout, the other Wipeout games I've really hated.
I mean, I honestly hate Wipeout, and the only reason I bought Wipeout is connected to the internet.
Now, I do, I have been playing Wipeout, and I actually kind of like it now.
But, I don't know, there's a few gripes I have.
First off, I don't have any dead pixels, so that's all good.
Second thing, my background's pink.
And now I realize that all the ones I've seen on the internet
have been blue or green.
Well, I read online today, they change with the months.
They change colors.
So that's why it's pink.
I couldn't figure it out.
I thought it was special or something, but apparently not.
April is the month of the Cherry Tree Viewing Festival in Japan.
I thought they were just trying to say that, you know, that I got girly PSP.
Anyways, so, um, yeah, I got that in Twisted Metal head-on.
Twisted Metal head-on is exactly like Twisted Metal 2, just a little, you know, graphic upgrade.
Now, I like the PSP, the only thing that bugs me is the analog stick.
That thing is so uncomfortable, it just, it doesn't work for me.
I mean, it would've been nice if they had it above the, um, crosspad.
But other than that, it's been pretty cool.
I'm actually hoping to get some more games for it later on.
I've also had fun finding open Wi-Fi networks by my house.
Apparently, there's some neighbors of ours that don't
like to password protect their internet, so I just jumped.
The only problem is I can only jump on it outside because the
signal's not that strong.
So I've been browsing the web out on our porch in the cold
and rain, but it's quite fun. So, all you folks out there, be sure to password protect
your internet or else you're going to have people jumping on with their PSPs.
Now, a question I was going to ask you before you were kind of talking about how folks are
accessing the PSP networks and everything. What is the probability, since folks are loading
MP3s and videos and stuff, of us, and I know you're kind of looking into this, but I'm
kind of curious how far away we are from seeing this, you know how we do our podcasts we do
every week where we have the 25 to 30 minute extra show that we do via the podcast. It's
not rehashed material, it's a whole separate thing, so if you want to check that out, just
go to orangehouseradio.com, click on it to go. But, what is the possibility of folks
being able to download that directly onto their PSP? Do we know yet?
Right now, I haven't been able, I haven't tried downloading anything. I don't think
you can. I would imagine it's probably possible you might not be able to download it, maybe
you view it. PSP browsing is kind of slow. I mean, it's actually pretty slow. That's
the only problem. If you want to get any good, you know, speed out of it, you need to disable
the, there's a Wi-Fi power save mode on there, and you need to go under your power save options
and actually disable that, and it will browse the internet faster. But, man, if you stream,
like, if you try to download some of the other things, it's going to take forever. I mean,
I don't think you can do it. Maybe streaming media like our website, or not our website,
but our actual like live station they might be able to pick up. But I don't think downloading
a podcast would work. The live station might be kind of difficult too because you have
to have that extra hurdle of accessing Live 365 and all that. I don't know. I don't know.
Hopefully they'll find something because that would be neat to have Orange Lounge on your
PSP I don't know if I had a PSP I think it's pretty cool but we can create a
special edition of our podcast that's like a really really low bit rate or
something we didn't think of something you know I haven't tried connecting to
live 365 that might be interesting to try out because it's all Java I think so
the only thing that really doesn't work on it is frames and I know if you've
visited our website you've seen how on the side there there's a little like a
forum you know topics the most recent topics that have been posted and they
kind of scroll up along the PSP they scroll left so it's a little weird you
know I don't think life is if I would work is because the player when you
actually launch the station and I think most you guys are listening to station
probably have this it actually pops up in a new window so and I don't think PSP
supports pop-ups at least I hope it doesn't or you know you could get
pop-ups from almost any side out there and suddenly you'll have spyware all
over your PSP. But because the player is in a pop-up, I don't know if it's gonna be possible.
Now there is the direct access URL you can use, but I think you have, you can only use
it like, I don't remember 365's official rules, but I think you can only use it three times
and then they make you log in. I don't remember, it's been a long time since I've looked at
the rules on that, but.
I'm sure there'll be a work around for it. Yep, already. Here's the other thing that
they do have already that you can do that people are doing, is they call it PSP casting.
It's where you do video, and you set it up with RSS, and then you can download the video
straight to your PSP. That's the other thing. But, so, I mean, hey, right now you can download
the podcast on your home internet and just load it on there. Take a few minutes, you
know. It's probably a lot better anyways. I guess that's something you can do for now.
All right, well, I want to wrap this segment up, so get quickly to me and Angel's weekend
my week and my day were pretty pretty good I had actually really really good
weekend so I'm just very happy went out with some buddies last night we just
kind of went out the club and all that stuff actually played some DDR today at
home several different yeah I was showing DDR to somebody who had not
seen the Xbox mixes yet so double gasps I got to you know play some ultra mix too
I actually worked out I played some 9s I was working up a sweat or something
else that's good exercise other than that you might remember that earlier
this week I don't know if you listen Thursday night show but on Thursday
night's program we were talking about Yoshi's touch and go on the DS which is
a game that I picked up earlier this week because I don't want to spend $300
on a PSP and I don't want to spend $150 on night style just yet but I want to
buy a game to hold me over until I have more money so I decided I'd go to Game
Stop and I was just randomly gonna buy myself a new DS game well the problem
with a Nintendo DS right now although the technology is excellent the DS has
a lot of potential. I would say about 1% of the DS potential is actually being used right
now because there's what, like 12 games out there for the DS right now? So there's really
not a lot. So when I said I wanted to buy a DS game, my choices were pretty limited.
So I finally ended up deciding to pick up this game, Yoshi's Touch and Go, which on
Thursday night's show I just slammed because I did not like the game at all. I thought
it was hard to get into. I thought it was the same, repetitive. But this is the weird
thing. I still have not been able to put this game down. And I don't know if it's because
it's the only DS game that I haven't worn out yet or what but I've still been
playing this game it's very very odd and I like the fact that you can search for
picto chat rooms like I've been just like I was my friend was driving to the
club last night I was actually playing Yoshi's touch-and-go in the car searching
for picto chat rooms trying to see if I could pick up like little kids doing
picto chat in the backseat of a car so I could hop on there and go you know you
suck you know or something but it didn't work so I've been playing Yoshi's touch
And I've also been playing a little bit of Final Fantasy XI, but not so much. I'm trying to cut short the eviction.
I didn't play it all this week.
Well, aren't you special?
I need to help me level.
Well, you're at the point, though, where you gotta party to level.
I do party! I am a party girl! Nobody parties like I do, okay?
Alright, sorry. You gonna party like it's level 99?
I found my Chains of Promothea Discs, which means I'm back on the game.
Anyway, so that was like, uhh, Thursday I guess, um, Tuesday however, I went to school
and went to my class, but only six people showed up, so obviously it got cancelled,
and that sucks, so I'm gonna wait till August and take it all over again, but it's all good.
I can wait, I am patient.
Other than that, I played some DDR this week, yay, met some people over at the place I usually
play at that I hadn't seen in a while, so that was cool, and not much yesterday, went
out and met some people from a game called there, I've talked about this many times over,
But I actually got to meet the people behind their avatar, so it's cool.
I just had a really good weekend, and a really good week.
Not too much to complain about, not too much to talk about really.
Pretty boring.
But hey, at least I can play Final Fantasy XI and a couple other games I've been playing.
Half-Life 2, Cough, Hack, and uh, other stuff, so uh, I guess that's it. Oh, I got Ultra
Mix 2 this week. Hehehe, we must play. What do you think of the DDR Ultra Mix 2? I don't
know why, but uh, my load time sucks. Now, I don't know if that's everyone's cartridge
or just mine. I mean, not cartridge, but disc, rather. I don't know if... You know what I've
noticed is that booting up DDR Ultramix 2 takes forever but once you finally get
in there it's not so bad but it's just the boot up takes a long time it's like
trying to play something on the PSP well I actually thought it was me because you
know Andrew was like why is taking so long what's going on it's not supposed
to be taking this long I'm like oh should we take it back he goes no no I'm
like okay you know not he's not giving me a straight answer so I'm like well
maybe I'll just ask Rob when I get here tomorrow which I'm doing now so that's
cool but I think I do need to get a dual platform pad because it's the converter
I'm using is kind of glitchy yuck I figured I'd try the converter first and
if that didn't work well I would get a dual platform so here we go I'm gonna
have to invest in a dual platform now. Alrighty. What we're gonna do now, let's go to a break,
we'll do some break, we're gonna do some new Beatmania 2DX music, like from 10th and 11th
style on this break, so we're gonna do some music from that. I have a request. I think
I know what you want and it's already in there. That's happy joy stuff. Alright, so we'll
get that. What else are we gonna have when we come back? Skypline! We'll open that up,
So go to www.orangelandsradio.com, click on interact with us if you have something you want to talk about.
We had a request from the chat room to talk about a video game related tour going on this summer.
So we'll talk about that because it's worth mentioning.
And other gaming news when we come back.
So we will be back after this with more Orange Launch Radio.
We're going to start it off with a track from BeatMania 2DX11 style.
This is injection of love
I'm so sad to die
I can't tell you please
I will be playing the other way
I'm so sad to die
I'm so sad
Catch me
Catch me
Catch me
I'm so sad
Catch me
I'm so sad
I'm so sad
I don't know, I don't know
All she can do is love you more
Sixty-six e-leafe, oh, s-sixty- thief, oh
66
67
68
67
68
69
67
67
68
69
72
65
67
68
69
75
67
68
69
70
70
70
91
91
92
93
94
95
94
Dont be afraid
I know
I know
I know
I know
I know
And now, let's listen in to an Orange Lounge Radio staff meeting
as they debate some of the new programming coming to Orange Lounge Radio.
Um, Jamie, I have a suggestion about some of the music in our Bamani Music and More program. Can we talk about that?
No subject will ever be taboo.
Well, I was thinking maybe we should move, pump up the volume from Tuesday nights?
Except, of course, the subject that was just under discussion.
Okay, well, what would you think if maybe we cut back on some of the attack music we play on the station?
I collect your fucking head.
Just like this fucker here.
Oh my god, why did you do that to Loki? The holic thing on episode 69 was just a joke!
Now if any of you sons of bitches got anything else to say, now's the fucking time!
Orange Lounge Radio, where everybody has a say.
And of course, because Jamie had to hear it, Gradius Full Speed by Mr. T in that break
as well, starting it off injection of love.
You know we have a little bit of competition going on tonight with Orange Launch Radio.
Folks are torn between whether they want to listen to Orange Launch Radio or watch WrestleMania.
You know what?
Or watch baseball.
Guilty, guilty, guilty.
Had I had a way to the Bay Area today, I'd be watching WrestleMania.
I don't watch wrestling all year anymore, but WrestleMania is like, wow, it's WrestleMania.
Get to see my hot, sweaty men's in their drama.
Men's?
My men's.
You're men's?
What about the women?
There's women wrestlers too, right?
Don't they get anything?
Yeah, but they're all hoochies now.
They used to...
WrestleMania 19 was the last one that had women that could actually wrestle.
Just because of the one with Trish Stratus.
I just remember Chyna, because who doesn't remember Chyna, especially with real life
and everything.
and then got her butt booted from TNA as all washed up.
I mean, okay, she's really awesome, and I think if she got her, you know, got her shit together,
she'd be all, you know, really cool, but
her time's passed unless she can grab it again.
It's just not the same, and we need, we need more roid girls.
Speaking of surreal life, have you heard about the new season of surreal life?
I mock reality TV.
Come on, didn't you watch the previous one a little bit?
No.
Okay, well...
I...
You should.
It had China in it, and Mini-Me.
I watched the one where they were ranting cattle.
Okay, there you go. So you watched at least one episode.
So you kinda know what the show's about.
And I did watch one episode before the first episode,
because I got to see Flava Flav.
Okay, so you watched, like, season three, or two or three.
I don't remember what it was.
I watched episodes.
Okay.
I can count them on one hand.
Well, the new season's gonna be good,
because they're gonna have Amorosa, who now...
Oh, I know you're happy.
Wasn't she your hero?
I loved that woman. She was on The Apprentice.
And I didn't love her because like I actually
thought she was cool, but I loved to hate her.
No, I don't think... Anyway.
Also what I love is
Balke from Perfect Strangers is supposed to be on surreal life five and that is
just so cool to me.
Because what the heck has Balke done since Perfect Strangers?
B movie. He's in a B movie, I have it. I'm gonna
I'll be bringing it home soon, actually.
He needs to do Old Navy commercials now, just like the other washed-up actors.
Well, either you, you know, either you, uh, do Old Navy commercials or you, you know,
join this real-life cast.
What happened to the other guy that was on Perfect Strangers?
They said bring back Perfect Strangers.
That's not a bad, that's not a bad idea.
I mean, they're not doing anything.
I mean, no one knows them for anything.
Bring it back.
I mean, it can't be worse than Joey.
All right. Julie, get your butt over here and say hi.
Oh, we have a special guest that just came in studio. Get your butt over. Has Julie ever been on the show before?
She's as webcam shy as I am. No, Julie hasn't been on the show before.
Well, hi, Julie. Say hello. Hi, audience.
This is Julie, also known on the web, the big internet monster as
19 who never updates her live journal except once every six months. They can't
hear what you say if you don't talk into the microphone as you know.
It's been about nine months. I'm horrible. Here's Rob. PSO addict. Oh PSO is a good
game though. Actually somebody in chat room was just asking me about that. The
people in chat were like the people in the people in chat were asking me about
PSO you know saying you know does anybody actually play PSO anymore?
And I'm like, well, actually, yeah, if you go on Xbox, you can get shit-talked by so many people.
I play some TSOs sometimes.
Once in a while.
Julie still needs to give me my Oppa Oppa.
Alright, uh, let's see, moving on.
That was enough pop culture news. Let's talk about some actual Bomani news going on out there in the scene.
Actually, surprisingly not a whole heck of a lot, with the exception of some follow-up to the earlier announcement about 2DX Happy Sky.
you know you hear this 2d x12 style is gonna be called happy sky happy happy
happy brain twitch I know I know some very interesting things they are they
are just changing things upside down now all this you know is kind of coming off
test location data so it could be subject to change high speed is going to
be in there now but it's going to be in halves as well like so you can play you
know one speed two speed you could kind of do that before but now you can have
half 1.5 2.5 I think that's kind of cool they're supposed to be also on hidden
plus and sudden plus available in there s random mode as well the sudden plus
and hidden plus they're also they have adjustable hidden sudden areas so where
you can pretty much decide where the notes appear or they disappear etc now
Now here's the other very interesting thing, instead of light, normal, another, now it's
going to be normal, hyper, another.
And this being probably, I think, some of the biggest news, the ratings are all changing
because now anothers are going to be ranked.
So now instead of being like one through eight with flashing eights, which is the way it
is now, for a lot of folks that are on home versions, you might only have seen one through
seven with flashing sevens, but in the arcades now it's one through eight with flashing eights.
Now it's going to be 1 through 12, and one of the reported level 12 songs, V-Another,
which you know, if you've ever seen V-Another, not a problem.
Yeah, and I would think that Sakura would be up there.
Oh, I don't know.
They're saying right now that that is the only level 12 one.
I think that as far as the DJ Lisu videos, that was the only one he had to do with using
two hands.
Some scary stuff.
And then some pictures are available if you visit our website, www.orangelandrado.com.
And of course, some of the news, and I think we might have touched on this a little bit
last week, I don't remember, but there is a crossover artist showing up from DDR Ultra
Mix 2.
Big idea, who did the song Toe Jam?
Toe Jam is going to be in Happy Sky, which is really weird that a USA artist is crossing
over into 2DX.
it's kind of neat though. Well, there's good talent all over the world. There is, but when
I think of all the possible DDR songs in history that were created for DDR that should cross
over into Beatmania 2DX, ToeJam isn't really the first one that comes to my mind. It's
not a bad start, just, you know, it could be better. Well, they've gotten European artists.
I guess that's true. Some other artists coming back as well. Twin Amadeus,
Platonic X, a lot of folks you know. Ryu of course going to be back. Ryu kind of
just started all of a sudden showing up all the time. Terra, all those folks. So
check that out. That will be location testing currently and hopefully coming
to an arcade near you pretty soon. So I guess that's pretty much the biggest
is going on right now. I can think of some local Bomani news going on. I want to touch
on this and then we'll open up the spotlight. In Sacramento, two things, jack and shit.
Well actually no, there's a pretty big story going on right now. But it's at an arcade
we don't really go to a whole lot, Roseville Golf Land. Now, understandably we are an international
radio program, so we have folks that listen all over, but sometimes we talk about our
neck of the woods, which is Sacramento. And we have this arcade here, it's a beautiful
It's a two story, huge arcade with a fancy water park.
It's ghetto.
It's ghetto as hell.
Because parents drop their children off there and just leave them there to wreak havoc on
the whole place and so they break machines and everything.
Well here's the great news, Roseville Golfland got Guitar Freaks and Drummania V, the brand
new ones.
I have a reason to go again.
Already the hi-hat is broken.
Okay, why does that crap not surprise me whatsoever?
And the green button on the left guitar is broken as well.
At least some woman didn't try to change her baby's diaper on it like on the little keyboard
mania.
Although...
Probably would have if there was a platform to do so.
Yeah, I caught somebody doing that one.
So you know, that's great.
We're all excited because we're getting the new Guitar Freaks Drummania V and it's very
interesting because I was talking to one of our listeners before the show who lives in
Vegas and they're all excited because they just got 2DX red and guitar freaks
and drum mania V and I'm like yeah we got it too except you know 2DX red
doesn't work it's just a frame without a monitor right now and guitar freaks
drum mania V both broken haha you know what they should let me run
gothland first of all there would be absolutely none of those retards that
piss me off allowed. Would there actually be a sign on the door that says no retards
that piss me off? Exactly. And I'll have a list of the people that I've actually had
kicked out so that they would know specifically that they are not allowed in. And then I would
have to have some type of scanning device I think. Maybe, maybe we would be like the,
you remember the Studio 54? Yes, I do remember, yes. We would be the Studio 54 of the 21st
I like that idea. Except with no cocaine bar in the back room.
How about a heroin bar? Can we have that instead?
Okay, we can have heroin, but we'll have to move to the Netherlands.
Okay, so I just want to kind of catch you up on that, that, you know, we're all
excited to have Guitar Freaks and Drummania V in town,
and I would give you my full review, however, shit's broken,
so I can't, so sorry guys. Maybe we'll go take some pictures of the broken stuff, we'll see.
Anyway, we are going to open up the Skype line if you guys want to call in and interact
with our program.
You have something you want to comment on, such as possibly the new 2DX Happy Sky, something
that's going on in your neck of the woods.
I know there were a couple DDR tournaments that went on pretty recently.
We'll open up the Skype line.
In fact, we're already getting a call, so let's go to it.
Hi, you are on Orange Lounge Radio.
Emerging from the shadows of Bimani style, here's your resident 2DX bastard, Darkline
XVI.
Hey, Sky, sit here.
Wow, you've got quite a...
I should get a fanfare to play when he introduces a doo-doo-doo-doo!
Alright, what's on your mind, buddy?
Well, yeah, you...
and yeah, I already told you that uh...
Vegas has officially gone VN Red. We have GITADORA VN and 2DX Red
as of last Thursday. Yeah, so you were the person I was mentioning a little bit earlier.
Tell me about going on... what's going on in Vegas.
Now, did you hear what I was just saying about Roseville Golf Lands got all that
too, except none of it works? Yeah, okay.
Yeah, we're lucky here.
Oh, and about 2DX12, Happy Sky, I have to mention to you the songs that are 12 stars on single.
Oh, is there more than just V another? I only had heard of V another. What else is there?
Uh, there's Ace, Double Ace, Colors Radio Edit, Time, Genocide, Gigadelic, Innocent Walls, Moon Child, One More Lovely, Please Don't Go,
And Piano Kyousou Kyoku Daichi-ban Sasori, AKA PF Conchato Achiares, Sakura, and...
Ah, so Sakura is? It's 12.
I told you. Didn't I tell you?
And Setsugetaka.
So there are quite a few Anothers. Okay, that's good. Good difficulty there for the folks that can actually do that stuff.
More power to you.
I'm lucky if I can pass an 8, especially considering I haven't played in quite some time.
But I'm really excited about the Anothers actually having rankings now, because, you know, I follow 2DX, but I'm not, like, super obsessed, like, I don't study note charts, like, I have friends that do this, and that's cool.
I don't, you know, that's cool if that's what they're into.
But, like, if I'm gonna play an Another, I wanna instantly be able to know which Another is in my range, because you know how, like, Holic was, like, a 6, but the Another for Holic is frickin' insane?
Like you know, so I want to know about where the another stand whereas like dual control another from what I remember
It was not that much harder than the original. So
It's just you know, I want to know where they stand on the scale
So that's going to be very helpful to somebody like me. So I'm excited about that
Yeah, and then the singles for 11 stars are it's already listed here on this website
Mm-hmm. I got to mention it there this one there are the Reds are gonna be in another so first samurai
Andromeda, Blox, Checking You Out, Click Again, Daddy Daddy, Faith Time Hyper, G2,
Gigadelic Hyper, Judeka, Green Eyes, Halfway of Promise, Holic, Innocent Walt
Hyper, Kitchok, Key, Lower World, Lucy, Love to Meet Uchi's Edition, Murmur Twins,
Nemesis, Number 13, 108, Quasar, R5, Rainbow Flyer, Rainbow Rainbow, Secret of
Love, Space Fight, Spica, Spyro Galaxy, Stoick, Take It Easy, Wonder Bowl Fighter, and Xenon.
And those are all the 11's? Yeah, the 11's are ours. Interesting, wow. Stoick, Stoick
another is not a 12, it's an 11? Well, I guess I could see that though. Compared to like
Moon Child another, I guess I could see that. Alright. So what else is going on besides
that 2DX update. I just sent you a private message about the videos for the location
test on 2DX 12 Happy Sky. I'm going to post it on the chat room. Yeah, post us a link
there in the chat room at orangehomesradio.com, click on chat. And for those who are listening,
it's at xenon.sub.jp. Okay, cool. So post that link in our chat room and then folks
can check out the Happy Sky test location videos. Can you actually hear any of the music
at all in some of this? It's very clear! Oh good! The first video that I checked out is
100% Minimoog by Sota Fujimori. Oh okay, cool. How's the song sound? It's really fast. It's
at 252 BPM. Well I'll have to check that out a little later. If it's clear enough, maybe
we'll play some on the show a little later. It's really clear. Very cool. Alright. Anything
else you want to share with us tonight, Ziggy? Well, last thing I want to say is quit calling
by its styles you always keep on calling 11 styles i know but it's just i i i don't know how to
explain it it's just uh it's like a style thing it's just yeah it's like you know i'm the 10th
style and then it just seems logical the next 2dx because they haven't changed the hardware or
anything they've only changed they really haven't changed much than what they changed going from
fifth to sixth and sixth to seventh and so on so yeah i just naturally called 11 i know it's red
and happy sky but seriously do you expect me to call this new 2dx happy sky and keep a straight face
i know yeah everybody can't tell you're gonna call it 12 style yeah and speaking of 12 star
there is such a song called 12 style huh there's a in in happy sky there's gonna be a song called 12
style yeah that's pretty cool so maybe it's okay then that i call it 12 style yeah all right all
Alright, well thank you for the pronunciation update, I appreciate it.
Not so much pronunciation, but you know, like referring to.
I gotta mention the videos on the Sinon subs that they have.
The first one is Captivate Joka, which means purify.
Second video they have is Gekko, which is moonlight.
And then the third one is Green Eyes.
And then the last one is the video that I mentioned is 100% Minimoog.
I'm gonna have to check that out because I want to hear some of those songs. I want to hear what they sound like
So I'll definitely be looking at that. Yeah. All right. All right. Well, thanks for the call bud. You have a good one later
All right later
Resident 2dx bastard Siggy we always like hearing from him. Let's go to another call
Hello, you are on orange launch radio
Greetings is Ron Masato me one more time. How you guys doing? Good. How are you doing?
Somewhat tired. I want you to know that I am a devoted fan of the show
I went to Boston this weekend, and I arranged my trip so I could come back in time to catch the show.
That's hardcore. Yes, it is. That's very hardcore. You didn't have to do that for us.
I mean, heck, if I was going to Boston, I wouldn't have rearranged my trip to come back for this show.
But we adore you for it. You are awesome and fabulous. Yes, you are awesome and fabulous.
Well, I do try. Alright, right on. What else is on your mind? What's been going on in your game and world this week?
Oh, not much. I've been playing some of my old PS2 games recently. Right now I'm trying to work through Musashi. I'm in love with it.
Oh, the brand new one on PlayStation?
Yeah, the new one on PS2.
Right on.
I've been playing through Anamusha 2. I'm off for the next three days. I have stacks of anime box sets I have to plow through.
And I just picked up the season box set to 21 Jump Street.
Hahaha, that's awesome. I try.
I'm surprised you're not a big 21 Jump Street fan, DarkSakura. 21 Jump Street?
I watched it a bit when it came on TV, but I wasn't
so not into Johnny Depp at the time. It was all River Phoenix.
Okay, alright. But maybe now you'd have more respect for it? I don't know.
Not really. Okay, sorry.
Oh, by the way, guess what, Ranma. Yeah, what's up?
CD at like the used record store today first or second actually it was one of
the later ones you know my fiance when I moved in with him had something like 22
Ranma CDs yeah I also found the fighting karuda there too I had that I lost it
well you know what if it's why don't I'm set a little time aside in the week if
it's still there I will grab you the fighting karuda sweet I appreciate that
okonomiyaki hung on it
awesome
well i don't want to talk to you
but let me add to that
you have to cost a little child where he's a she got to you know i've been
working and working on that and keep saying that i'll do it and i never do
half the photos will get all the time spatula
i can't wait by can one
sweet i don't think i've seen pictures of that
there's one on fans view back in the day and then there was one of me as mad
hatter for angel sanctuary
okay i'm gonna have to go dig it through that and ask kevin if he can send it to me
i'll see if i have it somewhere
it's horrible, it was like sixty pounds heavier in it
but you're probably still a cop anyway
that is so sweet
oh fluster, eager fluster
yeah she's already living on another planet tonight we don't need to yell
Hey, I am a celebrity!
Yeah, exactly, exactly.
You just watch it.
Just for that, I'll eat a bag of M&M's just for you.
Aww.
Alright, any other ass you want to kiss while you're on the line here, Ronma?
I love you, Sky, because you're still a devoted fan of the DS.
I am. I have faith in the DS. Right now, it's very-
Well, I appreciate that. Thank you, Rob.
Not that DS.
Every time somebody says DS, Dark Soccer goes, hee hee, that's me.
Well, why wouldn't they think about me?
I know.
But no, it's hard for me to be a fan of the DS right now, because we're in a little bit
of the slump, but I am still a fan of the DS.
You know, and I think it's okay for me to say I am a fan of both the DS and the PSP.
There's nothing wrong with that.
I like them both.
I agree.
I'm going to buy a PSP once Sony fixes all the kinks, and I'll wait for a second or third
generation unit.
I'm just not a fan of the price of the PSP, but I'll get over it.
I'll get over it eventually.
Two hundred and fifty bucks please. We couldn't even buy them when they came out.
If it came with Luminous packed in, that would so be worth it.
We'll see.
Alright, well I'm going to let you go. Have a good one, buddy.
You too. Enjoy the rest of the week. Thank you. Have a good...
Thanks for calling. Have a good week. Bye.
Let's see if we can get in one more call at least. Hi, you are on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hey, SSJ100 Matt here. Hello, SSJ100 Matt. What's on your mind?
nothing um... i guess i was going to be true punches can talk about the
dear friends uh...
car yeah that's right you would want to send that to me yes i was going to i was
gonna make a mention of this after the statement but that's okay
all right well what what what side going on with the dear friends with the snooze
you found out about your friends
or just uh... fan about this earlier uh... this weekend um...
it turns out that the dear friends uh... fall fancy constant coming to the east
coast
So, and like we're not talking Chicago, which to some of us in California, Chicago counts
as East Coast, but not really to the rest of America.
So now it's actually going to be in an East Coast state, so some of you guys are going
to be able to catch this.
So, you have some of the details you want to tell our listeners?
They're going to kind of not be like in the major cities, they're going to kind of be
in like corners of the East Coast.
First one is going to be on May 20th in Hartford, Connecticut.
on. I have friends who live in Connecticut. They'll be happy about that information.
Yeah, and in June 24th and the 25th Atlanta, Georgia is going to have it.
Okay, so some southeast fun there, okay. And then for some reason they put in San
Diego for East Coast touring, but you know. San Diego, North Carolina! No, it's
San Diego, California is getting another show, so there you go. So for those of you
that maybe missed out on the previous L.A. show. Here's your chance. You can go to San Diego.
That's going to be July 14th and then
July 23rd and the 24th, they're going to have it in Detroit, so...
Very cool. Try not to get shot at that concert, by the way.
Well, I won't go to that one. I'll go to the Hartford one. Okay, very cool.
I have friends in Connecticut who would be interested in going.
If I had time off work, I would go, but I won't.
And the money.
And money, yeah. Absolutely.
I'm looking forward, though, to the More Friends concert that's going to be happening in L.A.
I do have tickets, so I'm very excited about that, so we'll see what happens.
But... yep, um...
Ad here, I'm waiting for In The Groove to finally come.
I mean, it's been sitting in a DDR 4th Mix case for about two months.
And this is not working, or...? No, they just had...
they have, like, the logo for In The Groove and everything on it,
and they still just have 4th Mix playing on it.
somebody's too lazy to get in there and switch it over
I mean it's Goughland, you guys have a good time
okay, okay, wait I didn't know Goughland existed on the east coast
No, it's Arizona, no, I'm from the east coast but I'm going to school in Arizona
gotcha, okay I'm sorry, okay gotcha, huh
that's kinda, okay, so they've got in the groove just sitting there waiting to go
okay well
in the groove you know it's, for me there's good things about it
there's bad things about it, I've said this just about every week
I find it very interesting what's going on on The Freak right now, over on DDR Freak, about their April Fools post.
Just, they've turned into these huge In The Groove vs DDR messes, and I'm just kinda like, can't we all just get along?
You know, there's things to like and things to not like about both games. Everybody can improve a little bit.
I just, I really don't like that attitude, though, when folks, you know, I guess this is the one thing I will say kind of against In The Groove,
but it's not really the game itself so much as the fan base, but I really hate it when
people come on and go, ah, DDR's dead, time to move on. Well, okay, didn't they just release
a press release in January that said DDR sold a million copies? Yeah, DDR is like really
dead. Maybe DDR is dead in the arcades, but that's only because, you know, Konami's stupid,
for lack of a better term. But as far as the home releases go, DDR is far from dead. And
And I firmly believe that DDR will continue to own In the Groove on the home releases.
But In the Groove is going to pick up the arcade stuff if DDR doesn't do anything.
So it's going to be interesting.
I'm just anxious to try it, that's it, because everyone's talking about it.
I'm just wondering if the hype's what it is.
You have to let us know what you think once you get a chance to try it out.
Yep, I'm watching the Yankee game and listening to you guys, so...
All right, sounds good.
All right, well enjoy the game, and I guess we'll talk to you another time, all right?
Yep, take it easy.
All right, have a good one. Bye-bye.
Watching the game, having a bud.
Sitting back.
Wasabi!
Smoking a bud. No, I'm kidding.
All right.
Wasabi!
Pretty much the sushi restaurant version of What's Up last night.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
Was that on the internet for download?
We were, when I was at Iguana Girls last night, we were going through some of her old discs
and it was one of the things on there too along with Tokyo Breakfast.
Tokyo Breakfast is like a one punchline joke, but it's still kind of amusing.
the edited picture of Quasimodo now that was posted on iguana girls journal
earlier which made me laugh because that was an old joke yeah but funny nobody
knows what the hell we're talking about so forget it let's just move on to we're
gonna go ahead and close up the skype line for now if you didn't get through
try again later okay what we're gonna do now those are gonna move on to the
orange lounge radio cage match whoo last week in the orange lounge radio cage
match we had a champion for two weeks in a row
yoko kano went into the second week of victory with rise so will she be able to
make it three weeks we shall find out the way the cage match works for those
you guys haven't listened before we do three songs against each other each host
picks the song and it does battle you guys are the ones that ultimately vote
for the winner so you have to be in our chat room to participate www.orangelandsradio.com
click on chat okay you only get to hear a clip of last week's winner because you
know you already heard it last week so here it is a clip of last week's winner
song number one yoko kano with rise enjoy
We are facing the fire together
If we don't move, I'll be apart
Save your tears for the day
When nothing is far behind
On your knees, how do you feel?
Fear of sound and light
Set your fears, take your place, save them for the judgment's sake
Let them dream, follow me, and to make the sacrifice
Will you rise or fall?
Okay, that was a clip of song number one, that was Yoko Kanno with Rise.
Alright, we're gonna go into my song for tonight's cage match, and what we're gonna do tonight
is um I've decided that I'm going to declare war on the listeners because I'm
a little pissed off at how poorly received Kelly Clarkson was last week so
I've decided screw you guys I'm putting in Britney Spears song number two for me
to you with love Britney Spears with every time the Valentine remix
But for me, strength is when I'll scroll
Why can't we all fall asleep?
Learning from the fact that I fall without my wings
I feel so small, cause I need you baby
You're a human, I see
You've ruined my dreams
I see your face is haunting me
I guess I need you baby
Baby
Baby
Baby
I make believe that you are here
Ain't no mistake, I be clear
What have I done?
You seem to know what we need
Every time you try
Just like I fall without my wings
I've been so small I guess I need you, baby
And every time I see You've been my dream
I see your face Your heart beats me
I guess I need you, baby
I may have made a break Please look at me
My weakness calls your face
And my soul falls so free
And every thunderstorm
Just like I fall without my wings
I feel so small
I guess I need you, baby, baby
And let it don't miss me
You and my dream, I see your face, you're haunting me
I guess I need you, baby
And every time I try, I fall without my wings
I feel so small
I guess I need you, baby
And every time I see, you and my dream, I see your face, you're haunting me
And I can't help me do it again
I may have made a break, break, break
Minus 57
Because it's Britney Spears. I don't know. The music was okay. It was just like, hi, I'm cookie cutter pop, and
it made me feel nauseous.
So much that not even a coconut cream pie would bring back my appetite. I'm sorry, Rob. That was...
That's all right. I'm not going to take it personally tonight. Just awful. All right.
beyond awful all right Julie right this thing negative 57 from Dark Sakura let
me go to Loki then we'll get to Julie Loki you know that didn't even really
sound like Britney Spears to me I I don't I don't know it just didn't sound
like it to me but I hate her because she ruined my prerogative so amen you know
she gets a minus one I'm not gonna go as far as 57 cuz that's just ridiculous all
right Julie I go with minus 58 I just had to be the word given her the lowest
score of all all right fair enough angel no no you ruined my something or others
God negative infinity Oh Loki's gonna change his vote my vote is going to be
158 plus infinity so it's an even zero so that song shut up all right um me
personally I will be the only one to give it a positive score obviously I'm
the one to put that in there I give that song a seven because you know it's not
that bad. It's a dance remix and like Loki said, it barely sounds like Britney at all.
And you know what, you guys earned it. Taints of evil, Rob, taints of evil. You earned it.
And you know what, it was worth it alone for the chat room's reaction, honestly. I should
do that more often, thank you for the encouragement. Alright, let's get into song number 3. Loki.
Okay, um, now this song, I made it for a couple reasons. One, uh, well, first off, the song I made, okay, um, this is, basically, I found this Max remix on Bamani Style by this guy named DJ Pato, he's like some Spanish guy, and he really sucks at making remixes, and he made this song called Max Extension, which is retarded, but it has this really cool, um, song in the background in it, and I was like, you know, hey, that'd be a pretty cool song to make a Max remix out of, so that's what I did.
So, um, adding to my next installment of, you know, the Legend of Trance series, um, this is also, this was supposed to be because my original thought for the, uh, April Fool's joke was going to be Max 300 radio and this was going to debut at the end.
Well, that didn't happen, so, um, and it's, well, this would, this song would be called Legend of Techno, but that's just retarded, and since I already have, you know, Legend of Trance and Legend of Trance 2004, this is Legend of Trance 2005,
with the new synonym, Maximum GX, and you know, the song is remixed from F-Zero GX, so, enjoy!
Here it is, Loki's putting in...
And I know you guys hate Max remixes, but, lives.
All right, here it is. Loki is putting in his own creation. It's a Max remix. It's
Maximum GX with Legend of Trance 2005. Here it is, song number three.
Song number three, Legend of Trance 2005.
Let's see what they thought of it, Dark Sakura.
My head hurts.
Okay.
Okay, um, it was, I'm sorry, it was Max.
It made my head hurt.
I twitched.
But it's not Britney Spears, so it gets a seven.
Alright, Loki.
It's okay.
I, I tried.
I really don't care, just, just gonna play the song later anyways, so...
It gets a nine, because I made it.
julie got a mic, can julie give it a rank there?
here comes julie
i give that song
a two, i really wasn't paying much attention though, i'm sorry
alright, that's alright
uh... i give it
i don't know i'm torn because it's a good remix there's a lot of stuff
going on with it but
i fucking can't take max anymore i really really cannot take max anymore
I'm done I'm sorry Loki I'm so done with that song so like I would normally give
it like a nine but I'm taking three points off because it's a max remix so
it gets six angel by the way I'd like to give the whole initial D soundtrack a
big fat zero because you're a beat sucks ass now now don't get angry just because
you to enter to max remix angel good beats and stuff in there um but it's max and i'm
not i don't know i just i can't deal with regular max or whatever so uh i'll be nice
and give it a seven you know if you wanted to make a good mix you could do like legend
of butt or something i love i love the fact that three of us said it's a good remix but
it's max you know you people you suck I mean honestly yeah it's been overdone
but that's because it's a hard song and people like remixing it oh actually
people like putting other things on top of it and calling it a remix or speeding
it up or reversing it or god knows what else I just the only reason I made this
song is because that song by DJ pedo sucked and I thought I could make it
better and I did whether it be trust me you want you want to hear the original
the original sucked ass okay let me just go that far i have no doubt you made a better
remix than this other guy but i want max i want you know what you know what we should do i i want
to get dj paranoia on the show and i think we could arrange it and i want him to say on air
that they will ban max remixes from the stepmania catalog i don't know what we have to do to him to
get him to do that but i think we need that to happen can we do you think that's possible
that if the name max is in the title of the song it's banned we have to put a
but have to curse them want to do something I'm gonna talk I'm gonna see
if I can get a hold of them because I I don't know what we have to bribe him
with but I want it done I want my dream put to a stop ice cream is that a winner
I can send him lots of ice cream lots of ice cream and even my song will still be
And girl scout cookies.
There's no max in the title at all.
We'll send, uh, girl scout cookies.
To Boaz. That always happens.
I'm seriously going to get in touch with him.
We'll see.
We'll send him girl scouts to serve us then.
Alright, let's, uh, let's recap the songs you can vote for tonight.
Song number one.
Yoko Kano, uh, sorry.
I almost said, like, Yoko Ono.
Uh, Yoko Kano.
Yoko Kano with Rise.
Rise
Song number two, Britney Spears, Everytime, the Valentine remix
song number three you can vote for tonight is Maximum GX with the Legend of
Trance 2005.
Place vote now! Send a private message to Sky in the chat room with your vote for
song number one, song number two, or song number three. So send a private message.
message. Remember, if you post your vote publicly in the chat room, that's great. You'll be
trying to sway other people to vote the way you would. However, it doesn't count unless
they get it in private message. So if you're not sure how to send a private message, just
ask nicely and somebody in the chat room will fill you in. That's why we have a whole little
op team. Your ops will help you out. All right, let's get to this. This is usually a part
of the show where I ask Loki what the hell's going on in the sim scene besides unnecessary
Max remixes, but I know there's quite a bit going on this week. There's some very colorful
things going on, so what's up?
Well, first off, I'd like to mention there's a common thing under DJ Pato's new remix,
which is Max Life Superior Cancer Mix. I don't know what the fuck that is, but I love his
comment. This is the best, like, comment right here. It says, Alex Calderia and Badass, they
must meet to eat shit. I don't know what that means, but the whole quote, they must meet
to eat shit, is funny. I don't know. But anyways, I digress. No, but April Fool's Day. You're
only a fool if you didn't download these packs, because there are so many being released,
it's not even funny. We have the release of D3 Mix 2, which is just another DDR, like,
you know food mix type thing. One nice little 186 meg file there. We had LFT mix which was
also released that day. Strawberry Steps which was also released that day. All of these are
just like Food Mix. Strawberry Steps actually has the videos just like Food Mix. All really
good stuff to download, to at least play while you're waiting for Food Mix 2 to come out.
So check this out, if you're looking for links, there's a whole thread on Bomani style under
the DDR simulation form there, and that's Japanese DDR fan mix in parentheses like food
mix watch, and check page 3 and there's your download links right there.
And supposedly coming out on the 15th is DDRXX mix, and so look for those to be coming out,
of good stuff they're constantly updating this thread with you know
everything that's coming out apparently the Japanese scenes look a lot better
than ours like most everything else that's gone oh and DDR UK I mentioned
they were coming up April 1st there was an April Fool's joke sort of they're
coming up they're actually launching Monday so look for DDR UK the coming
back when they're April Fool's joke something about who Konami supports us
now like any of us would believe that no they're actually April Fool's joke was
they're gonna be dancing all right dancing stage fusion UK or something
like that it was for a little bit it was really stupid but um so that was up
there um but my self as far as I'm aware they didn't do an April Fool's thing
probably because last year is kind of retarded but um I don't know so yeah
Yeah, DDRUK is coming up tomorrow, supposedly.
Well, at least their joke wasn't something, like, really stupid, like, getting bought by, like, another media corporation or something, because that would just be stupid.
So, at least it was Konami, so...
Yeah. Yeah, that would suck.
So, yeah, nothing really going on in the sim scene other than, you know, more max remixes that suck.
But, you know, I've got to put a new one out every now and then just because, you know, I...
I don't know. I've been trying to make some other stuff, but, you know, this song...
Usually when I make stuff, it's usually to make something that's better than someone else's stuff, so...
Blame it on them. If they wouldn't put the stupid sim files out, I wouldn't get inspiration to make another max remix.
It's all their fault.
I swear I'm gonna write him an email as soon as this show's over and and say we
want to interview you we want to talk to you about a very serious issue facing
the Bahmani community and then and then spring it that we're we want to ban max
remixes and we need his help because that site only perpetuates it encourages
people to make max remixes about paranoia remixes you know what I haven't
had my limit of that yet although I'm getting very close I you know in a
perfect world we would ban max remixes paranoia remixes and there's another one
huh drop no not drop out there's another one that needs to be stopped maybe
Sakura well Sakura is kind of another version of max 300 though so but but it's
Sakura is awesome the original yeah but not remixes I haven't really heard too
many remixes but nothing could you know I can't really consider Sakura a version
Max 300 just because it's so awesome on its own but only because it shares an
entire baseline for max 300 but it has the other that makes it instantly cool
now whatever they're gonna make banjo 300 or something like that and they'll
just have a banjo over the that would be awesome banjo 300 I thought of it a bag
now you don't get a whole lot of bag remixes but people that try to remix it
try to be funny and usually it's like bag survivor anything was survivor
in the title that's it anything was survivor unless it's the destiny's child
song and even then I think somebody already did it so we don't need anymore
so that's it unless maybe you're gonna do like I have a tiger I don't know if
anybody's done that that might be okay but I want like all like your cowgirl
survivor the seven jump survivor let them move survivor I want that shit
stopped. Let me just point out, and to further Rob's argument about bad Max remixes, let
me just read to you the latest Max remixes that are being released right now. We have
Max Borg Assimilation, Max Life Superior Cancer Mix, The Legend of Max OTLK Version, Max Unlimited,
Sakura Max Unlimited 300, Max Fantasia Version 3, meaning there has been two more before that,
Max 300 The Wacko Reflex Remix, Paranora Survivor Max, Max Energy High Voltage Remix,
Unlimited Legends of Max Version 2, Max Extension, 2 Max 330, and that...
Now, I'm gonna cut you off right there, because that is just in the past week.
That's just in the past week!
Fuckin' stop, people! Seriously!
And then like you go into the week before, Love Love Shine Survivor Max.
Yeah, just what we needed. Ass.
We'll get to the cage match winner in a little bit, but first we're gonna go to a quickie break.
And in this break, Max remixes! No, just kidding.
We're gonna do, uh, I don't know. I wanna do a song that really doesn't suck.
What's a song like that just doesn't suck?
From what?
How about the original song? We can do the original.
Yeah, play Sakura.
Even though it's kind of Max, but you're right.
It's got the extra something something that makes it a little better.
How about Xenon?
We'll do Xenon. I like that.
Okay, I'm liking these ideas.
So, we will be back after this.
I'm having trouble locating the Sakura file.
I know I have it somewhere.
doo-doo-doo-doo. Don't forget you can visit our website. We have the webcam over at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
Of course, there's not a whole lot interesting on webcam tonight, because we don't have quite a full studio, as we sometimes do.
But you'll catch one of us dancing in front of it once in a while, so it's definitely worth checking out.
Also, the chat room, of course.
Alright, we'll be back after this, with more Orange Lounge Radio, and we got the FUs of the Week coming up at some point.
And we might have to do some kind of game tonight. We'll have to do some type of game or something as well.
So we'll be back after this
Let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go!
Uh-huh
Uh-huh
Uh-huh, uh-huh Uh-huh, uh-huh
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
For them practice!
Save it!
Save it!
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio and that break you heard a little bit of Sakura
followed by Xenon, R3 and Innocent Walls both by request from the chat.
Actually, the chat just said, play something Taku, so I picked one for you and played for a while.
Taku makes me all flush.
Or as you said in the chat room, Taku is sex.
Yes.
Which is funny because then someone said, you know what, Jaime?
You always come in here and you just say something is sex, and then you leave.
I am not obsessed.
No, you're not necessarily saying Taku is sex, but you go in there and you'll be like, gorillas are sex.
Or, you know, like, Orange House Radio is sex.
Or, you know, Splenda is sex.
So Splenda is sweet. Splenda is sweet. But you know, you go in there,
oh my God, that's sex. You know, it's like me and that's hot. Like, you know.
That hot. That's hot.
We need to tell them the story of that hot. Julie.
That hot. Can we get Julie and Mike?
Does Mike work? Oh yes, it does.
Okay. The story of that hot. There was a gentleman on Fantasy Star Online, well, I'm saying that
nicely about him, who would always, he kept trying to say that's hot. He's not originally
an English speaker, and it was very obvious that he would refer to everything as that
hot. And the phrase just kept carrying on and carrying on. He's a very unique individual.
His name is Guan Li, and he lives somewhere in Minnesota. I don't know exactly where,
but I know he's in Minnesota. Minnesota? Alrighty, back to the video on the show. Okay, that
hot, that hot. That's awesome. I might have to start saying that, that hot, ouch, that,
somebody in the chair of that out that hot
that's great
okay let's find out who
uh... one tonight's cage match
ready to find out when the cage match wasn't going to anyone
i'm fabulous
and it is only here it is
the winner of tonight's cage match
three weeks
yoko kano with the rise you know that means was girls next week yoko kano
is going for retirement. That'll only be, if it gets retired next week, it'll be the
third track in Orange Lounge history to get retired
behind Echo Image with Comeback and Gwen Stefani with Whatchu Waitin' For.
This is Yoko Kano is awesome. How Gwen Stefani made it four weeks with a bunch of top
40 haters I will never understand, but it really did.
People had no taste and voted for the sellout.
Alright, so there it is, Yoko Kano with Rise.
Next week is the retirement week, so Loki, you and I are gonna have to bring out the big guns.
Oh man, I have to bring girls back.
Oh wait, that's not the big guns.
Dear God, no.
Great, so it's all gonna come down to me, apparently.
So, I will have to find the perfect song.
I know something that they'll vote for every time, so I'll bring it next week.
I'm like, what echo image do I have that we haven't put in yet? Let's see.
No, it comes down to one name, Ayumi Hamasaki.
Oh, Ayumi, that's what we should do. Let's just make this, you know, we're gonna have to make them choose between like,
Yogo, Ayumi, and then I'll do Utada. And then we'll just like...
As long as it's not Easy Breezy.
Aw, but I like Easy Breezy.
And also Japaneasy.
I actually see the Easy Breezy video at the gay club once in a while, because I don't know, like,
Utada apparently has a gay following or something, who knew? Who knew?
but they actually show the easy breezy video there and like whenever it comes
on i'm the only person that kind of starts like smiling and kind of dancing
like you know and then all my friends are like oh god it's this song oh god
rob god you know what what i need to um
to send you one of her and uh shoot who was it it's it's some rapper
chick it was off of the uh rush hour 2 soundtrack
blow my whistle
uh...
blow my whistle? I don't know who it was. Missy Elliott or something?
No, I don't think so, but it was one of her first English ones.
Oh, okay. Oh, it's a Japanese.
I'm sorry.
I thought you just said it. It's a tarehikaru.
Oh, I didn't know it was her.
Yeah, I'll find it. It's one of her early all-English ones.
Oh, I'll have to find it.
uh...
Moving on.
I thought we could get into the DDR Freak post of the week, because of course, you know,
we have a lot of respect for our buddies over at DDR Freak, because of course, you know,
well Jamie happens to be on the staff over there, and the fact that, not just that, but
we also have the replays that happen on DDR Freak Radio every Friday night.
So if you actually should miss an episode of Orange Lounge Radio, shame on you, but
you know, if you have a trip to Boston or something, just so you know, you don't have
to screw up your vacation just so you can come home and listen to Orange on the Radio.
You can catch it. We appreciate your loyalty. Yeah, you can catch it the week after on DDR
Freak. When I say the week after, I mean this Friday's show will actually be last Sunday's
show. It's kind of like a week gap, and that's just, I don't know why it is that way, but
it just is. I think that's to give us a little bit of a buffer should we miss a week or something.
It's to save our butt a little bit, so we'll see. Anyway, let's get into the DDR Freak
post of the week. Uh, I have a tie for the DDR Freak post of the week this week because
there's two really, really good ones. So we're going to start off with this one. It's a thread
and it was created in DDR Chit Chat, which is the home of great DDR Freak posts of the
week. We love our spam. This post was by a basic member and the subject is New Religion
anti-DDR forever and the post reads join my friends new religion anti-DDR
forever it's Christian based but it says that DDR is a sin he has added an extra
commandment no DDR by the way commandment was spelled without a D so he
added it was posted by an illiterate five-year-old he added an extra
commandment no DDR that's the post it's Christian based but they've added an
extra commandment they should meet Rob that that earns a yay he's a demo Beth
he's a demo now no but this is the funny thing this is what makes the post more
hilarious than anything is the signature says here this is the guy's signature
I'm single and it sucks who didn't think that like seriously I would like to know
was there anybody in the chat room when I said I'm single and it sucks is this
guy's signature is there anybody in the chair anybody out there listening that
didn't think I wonder why I have to know
The third post down, oh yes. Somebody above it said WTF you're either a
complete idiot or just a terrible troll I'm guessing the latter and then the
next person said I'm guessing both and then this is great somebody else jumps
in there says ah and using the Lord's name in vain like you did in one of your
other posts is not a sin. Oh snap. Okay. Somebody totally served that guy. I need this thread
though cuz I have to look at something on it actually it was locked I'd oh
okay I I will link deal me like link the whole chat room to that or just you
yeah link the chair into that go have fun with that you guys although the
post is locked you can't follow up on that anymore so all right um let's see
one other post because one DDR free post of the week is just not enough there
were too many good posts this week so we have another one here and it's actually
not a brand new topic but it was posted in an existing thread and it's in the
red octane ignition version 2.0 thread and this is post number 182 and this is
what's great is that you get to see what happens when DDR freak filters take over
here's the post looks like after Frick two weeks of use this pad is already
starting to give out here come the Frick random goods on seven footers Frick
worthless piece of a hundred dollar garbage poopy buttocks Frick after a
frustrating B score on a heavy I threw the Frick pad on the floor and punch the
living Frick out of it and then I grabbed the cord and smacked it on
across my wall breaking the Xbox piece off Frick piece of garbage poopy don't
Don't frick, buy this red octane, can frick, suck my penis, then vomit and eat that too.
Frick poopy. I love the filters. I really do love the filters on DDR Freak.
That makes the whole post right there. Don't frick, buy this red octane, can frick, suck
my penis, then vomit and eat that too.
It's like a really bad version of like DDR Mad Libs or something.
Oh man, go to the filters, that's funny.
Frick you all, frick you all!
Man, DDR freak people post a bunch of freaking, freaking garbage.
What's that?
I don't stand for censorship in the chat room.
Oh.
Alright.
If you have a suggestion for DDR Freak post of the week, you can always send me a private
message on DDR Freak. My name is Skye, S-K-I-E. And actually some folks have done that. We
actually had, I think last week, or two weeks ago, was a user submitted post of the week.
So send those over. But please remember, if you see mental retardation going on on DDR
Freak, and it's not somebody who is actually mentally retarded, because that would be okay.
That's okay if somebody actually is mentally retarded. But if somebody is acting mentally
retarded you need to PM a moderator so they can lock the thread yes look you
know one hi send me a private message I can I'll make sure you're taken care of
yeah oh I'm sorry they wanted a link to that post as well with the Frick eat my
vomit to one uh I'll find it guys I'll post it in chat oh I found it there it
is remember guys it's post 182 in the thread it's a very large thread so have
fun with that all right you know there is a way you can get around those
filters if you're smart yeah but we're not gonna tell you yeah I'm not gonna
tell you but it's not that hard to figure out just you know you just have
to be bold about doing it that's all
what what what all right anyway what it wasn't funny when I read it it's all
No, but it made me laugh again the second time.
Because of all the caps and stuff, like it goes from caps to lower the caps.
It's just funny.
And I quote, poopy buttocks frick.
All right.
Let's see, what else are we going to get into here in NewsWise?
I thought there was some other news that needed some talking about here this week.
something going on you know we've got our podcast that goes on and you can
download that from our website www.orangelinerator.com and click on to go
and that's where you can figure out what's going on with the rest of the
gaming world we've kind of started to expand to talk a little bit more about
the general gaming world here on this program but you know we talk a lot about
other stuff on the other program you know somebody was asking in the chat
room earlier what happened with DDR featuring Mario and that was a good
question because we haven't heard a whole lot about DER featuring Mario
lately so I kind of decided hey as long as I'm on DER Freak making fun of people
maybe I'll go and actually get a useful thread and I went to check out what's
going on on the DDR GameCube thread and there's really not a whole lot going on
right now apparently there might be screenshots in GMR magazine but there's
nothing really super official that has been announced yet so and then rumor is
that screenshots for the pad have come out recently but nothing super duper
official that we haven't already seen as of yet so there's that answers the DDR
featuring Mario question as well um I guess what we're gonna do now is we're
gonna go ahead and get a little bit angsty so if you guys want to go ahead
and submit some F use of the week to my private inbox there in the chat room
just send me a private message we will start to get angsty with a little
segment we call the F use of the week and Jamie why is it that we have to do
the FUs of the week every single freaking week.
Because the world sucks! This world is bullshit!
A FU to my busy, busy, busy, busy, busy, did I say busy?
Schedule. Okay.
work all the damn time. I go to the gym, I go to school,
and then by the time I get home I'm too damn tired to do anything else
except work on, you know,
whatever projects I happen to have going on.
A big F.U. to, uh,
putting a lot of hard work into something and then
not having it recognized.
And that's happened several times over the past week, so I've been kind of eh.
F you to my driver's side window for randomly becoming detached from the mechanism that
holds it up and rolling itself down, creating a loud whistling noise not unlike that heard
in a hurricane.
It's really aggravating when I'm trying to listen to my good music really, really loud
in my little, you know, 93 treble.
My speakers are bad enough as it is.
F.U. to the person who was going 10 miles under the speed limit when I'm trying to go 20 over.
I hope that no CHP people are listening to that.
And a big F.U. to myself for not being able to decide on what my next hair color should be.
Maybe I should leave that to the chat room. Find me a haircut and find me a hair color because I'm getting
damn tired of what I have now. And a big F.U. toward
having people not recognize how
Much of a fabulous celebrity I am.
I'm done.
said
low-key it's all you
okay first off fuck you to god damn
me hitting a car that fucking sucked and you know that just totally
put a big huge roadblock in my perfect weekend
so fuck you that um also
um fuck the fact that uh Mitch Hedberg had to die because he was touring with
steven clinton out of an awesome to see
now i think that the people in
uh...
and uh...
but he did the pope for not dying fast enough for me to make a joke about it on
april fool's day
god damn it you know he's clean-to-life you just need to die
die quickly and he was going there and read about the right to tell it
okay yet we're just waiting for them separated okay
and i mean they weren't even try and he was just like you know dying
the hell with him and um also um i know i had some other ones oh once again fuck you
to me for hitting that car um only because the car was an SUV being driven by women and
you know how i say women drivers women who drive SUVs fucking suck there's a big you
know bit of irony for me so um oh well i i live it last accident been it was like seven
years ago anyways so and this is like not even doesn't even really even
qualify as an accident since I did no damage to my car so whatever um and I
think that's finally it fuck you to me for having this goddamn headache and it
really sucks so yeah for some reason I feel really hot right now too I think I
to turn the air on. That's it. That's all for now.
F you to the fact that there's been so much death in the media lately,
like between that chick in Florida and the Pope. I'm sick of hearing about people dying.
Let's hear about something happy once in a while. I want to hear about Disneyland
getting a new ride or something. So just, God, find
find something happy to report on once in a while you guys dang um an f you to
um damn there's something else goes around in my tongue I asked you to
PSPs for costing so much money an f you to work drama I had on Friday nothing
terrible but just I was an angsty little man on Friday and I didn't participate
in April Fool's Day really as much as I wanted to because of things that were
going on on Friday and it just I hate it when things put me the bad mood like
that bar so and then F you to the fact that I think my car needs repairs because
I don't like having to pay for that stuff that's all right it's not your
fault unless you were the one that broke my car then it is your fault no I didn't
all right and then I also F you lastly F you to the house of wax for having
Paris Hilton in it. That's not hot.
Hey, what if she dies?
You know what? That's what I was saying. Since she doesn't have top billing, she's likely
to be an extra character that gets offed in the movie. So that would be worth seeing.
I noticed in the trailer the first thing that they show her is making a sex tape.
Oh, but I'm sure that's supposed to be funny. Nope. Sorry.
Comedy. Let's go to the rest of the room here and get their FUs. Starting off with DDR Angel
and then over to Julie.
But, nobody else did, so that's kind of sad.
And, let's see.
I think that's it.
Oh yeah.
And uh, F you to, uh, Ultra Mix 2's load time.
Cause that's sad.
Alright, Julie!
F you to the stupid person who on the way here tried to cut me off and made me go all the way around.
Um, F you to my schedule, I agree with that.
with that and f you I agree with all the people dying though the Pope got on the
anniversary of my cat's death which is kind of interesting and by the way at
Disneyland there is something happy going on on May 5th they're doing their
big anniversary celebration that needs to be in the news I'm sick of all the
death too there we go see I want to hear about happy children partying at
Disneyland and then getting blown away with bombs no I'm saying I'm kidding I'm
not that sadistic. Alrighty, and I guess that's the end of my F.U. for today. Alright. I do
like what the chat room is saying though, they're suggesting that there be a Kingdom
Hearts ride added at Disneyland. That would be hot. That hot. That hot. That hot. Great,
you can tell Gwan that he's infected Orange Lounge Radio now. I will let Gwan know. We're
We're gonna get a shirt with all our new catchphrases that we have invented.
Demub-ass?
That-hot?
What else do we have?
Death cake?
Death cake?
We'll see.
You will have tea and cake with the vicar or you will die!
The new one, um, they need to meet and eat poop, or eat shit.
The one that was from DJ Pito's thing.
I still go with poopy buttocks frick.
Frick poopy eat my penis and vomit too or whatever the hell that said.
You know what our shirt should be?
It should just be a bunch of DDR freak posts.
No, we just need this shirt that says OLR that hot.
OLR that hot.
That would be just fabulous.
I like that idea.
We'll have to see.
Okay.
Anyway, let's get to the chatroom FUs, shall we?
Thank you, Captain Jack, who's going to be walking us through the chatroom FUs.
I don't think you can pronounce this all one word, and if I...
Is this...
I don't know.
Lxldoobs.
We'll say that, Lxldoobs.
Lxldoobs?
I don't know.
Lxldoobs says, I need to send an FU to Resident Evil 4 for making me kill Spanish-speaking
monsters.
What's next?
Lawn mowing aliens?
illusion says f you to myself for falling asleep before robot chicken last
week and torrent box for not having the file up for me to download fuck the cunt
of Russia oh and here's me oh and here's me plugging www.cynictaxi.co.nr
cynical articles and general wackiness the search for robot chicken torrents
It's not on torrentbox, but I found it.
So it's out there.
DJ Tyrant says, F you to having to play 11
in the first round of RGC.
F you to school.
F you to the in-the-groove screen at Electric Avenue.
John Field says, F you to running out of space
again in my computer.
I can't believe it.
I'm at 773.17 gigabytes, and I've
used almost all of it up again.
Yes.
I win.
I just bought that 400 gig,
I just bought that 400 gig hard drive in January.
I really need cheap terabyte drives.
Also, F you to this stupid raid card
that crashes my computer randomly and unrecoverably.
F you to turning my room into the pigsty that it is now.
F you to not enough hours in the week.
Oh, and F you to daylight savings time.
Why does this exist?
Thank you, oh my God, I completely forgot.
A giant F you to daylight savings time.
Because of daylight savings time,
I didn't get to bed until 6 in the morning today. That's bad. I mean, 5 in the morning
is pretty bad. 6 in the morning, really bad. So, you know, just F you to Daylight Savings
Time. I hate you. Please die. Why do we have Daylight Savings Time? Somebody told me it's
a farmer's thing. That they did it so that farmers could get up at a reasonable hour
and tend to the crops. You know what? Julie? Yeah, it was due because there was some votes
and actually there's some areas of the United States that don't actually observe it. It's
because they were mad parents were having their kids walk to school while it was dark.
The farm thing I'm not doubting is true as well.
Get the kid a flashlight.
I agree.
Get the kid a gun.
I totally agree with that.
I dig daylight savings time though because then I get to drive to work in the dark again.
It weirds me out.
Because I get to drive to work at 6am in the morning.
Unless our kids walk to school anyways.
Honestly, I mean, buses pick up any kids that are, like, one mile, you know, further away. I mean, who gives a shit? Most people don't walk anyways, and the people that do walk, oh no. Yeah, because you know all those muggers out there that want to steal their kids' lunch money.
Woo! Seriously, in this part of town where I'm from, like, you know, all the 16-year-olds have SUVs anyway, and they're all driving to school, so, whatever. Anyway, sorry. Let's get back to the FUs.
Rama says, fuck you to the city of Boston for not having beer.
Argh!
We had to travel out in the suburbs for it, and the liquor stores closed at 9.
Fuck this nonsensical period in bullshit.
Fuck Boston.
Oh yeah, fuck Red Sox.
Go Yanks.
Oh God, he's going to start that on this show.
SSJ100Matt says, F you to DVD Studio Pro.
The programs keep crashing in my class, thus taking forever to finish my final project.
FU to me for taking forever to get out of the 7 and 8 step range in DDR, 3 to 5 months
and counting.
FU to the Farley brothers and Jimmy Fallon for making the Boston Red Sox movie.
Nintz says FU to the place I ordered my PS2 flip top from, it's 2 weeks late and I can't
get a hold of anyone from the company, I want to play 2DX already, enjoy the disputed charge.
FU two of the guys I work with, they are complete idiots and they never shut the hell up.
you to snow in April dark night says my if you go to the screw up at my job did
when I paid this weekend and when I got paid this weekend instead of taking 40
bucks out of my check to help me pay my taxes off from Oh one they took the
whole amount that I owe which leaves me with nothing for two whole weeks and F
you to employees who don't know when to keep their hands to themselves
especially when they try to steal from the store
genius RPG King seven says my two F use of the week are F you to not being able
to get some alone time with my girlfriend and F you to missing my best
friend to seven years who left for the Canadian Navy oh and fuck you to the end
of the the Beck Mongolian chop squad anime it should go on forever and lastly
flare on a F you to dizzy from guilty year xx not having an insta kill boss I
know with heal without an insta-kill, no thanks. That's it. The end. Thank you for
playing the FUs of the Week. Alright, what we're gonna do now is we're gonna take a
little bit of a break. We're gonna come back from this break and open up the
lines for some Ask Orange Lounge. Oh yes, one of your favorite segments. And if we
don't start getting some questions for Ask Orange Lounge, we will start, you know,
showing you some other stuff that's going on. Yeah, we'll have Paris Hilton
No, we have some other stuff from around the internet. We won't talk to you guys about it, so.
We'll make Loki sing.
No, we'll have something fun to talk about.
We need more of your karaoke revolution skills.
Oh, come on, be our diva.
By the way, I gotta bring that to work, actually, karaoke revolution and DDR, because apparently the Blockbuster...
And these look like this blockbuster sort of, I don't really want to say the convention,
like sales conference type thing that's in Texas.
And they're bringing DDR and Curiosity Revolution to play.
So they want to try it out here to see what it is.
So I gotta bring it in.
Yay me.
Alright, we'll be back after this break.
And just so you guys know I ain't screwing with ya, I'm starting off this break with
some erotic so we better start seeing some good questions for ask orange
We'll be back after this.
Gonna take your fear away, flyin' like a snow-ed dove out of the temple of love
Come into the temple of love, together we'll rage through the heavens above
Come to the temple of the heart of your soul
We can join the devil's measure
Why do
Come on, come on, do the locomotion with me
Come on, you got the notion
Do it back, yeah
Everybody's doing a brand new dance now
Come on, baby, do the locomotion
I know you'll get to like it if you give it a chance now
Come on baby, do the love, come on
My little baby says it's you and me
It's easy to love if you're everything
So come on, come on, do the love, come on, share with me
We gotta swing our heads round
Come on baby, do the love, come on, do the love
Now that you can do it, we'll make a treat Now, come on baby, we'll do it, do it, do it
Now, just turn the motion like the way we treat
Now, come on baby, do it, do it, do it Now we're losing control, a little bit of
Hi, this is Mel B of RTF, and for an extra $1.99 a minute of my girls, I'm going to
and Melvie can join us on all the fun together.
Hey, if you're a broke-ass like I am, why don't you come to the one place that costs absolutely nothing to go to
and still the fun is just as great. It's Orange Lounge Radio, Sunday nights.
Kick it with me and you just might realize the best things in life are free.
Here we are back on Orange Lounge Radio and I'm surprised we didn't get a lot of comment from the chat room.
Usually they give us some shit there when we play like, you know, songs that are kind of weird
and we played the locomotion there from dance maniacs nobody said anything about
it or at least maybe I missed it they might have said it but I missed it
anyway let's get into some ask orange lounge we got some time to fill here
tonight so we're gonna get into this and then I might try to do a little bit of
news too if we kind of run out of questions but it looks like a lot of you
guys have some questions you've got to know the answer to so we'll get into
that? Let's ask Orange Lounge some stupid question. What will we find out this week?
On Orange Lounge Radio, you can tell that we need to fill a little time. Thirty minutes
to be exact. So I hope this segment is long tonight. Slow news week, what can we say?
Illusion says, question.
Here is a question for Sky.
Oh God, I should have known this subject
would come up tonight.
How could you not absolutely love Sin City with a passion?
He's referencing a live journal post I made earlier
this week that said simply, Sin City,
all style, little substance.
First to give the points tonight,
we'll do a little point counterpoint.
I will let Loki gush about Sin City.
Since it was awesome. First of all, it's very stylistic. It did have substance. It had much substance. Very, very much substance.
Anyways, it was basically the best adaptation of a comic book that's ever been made. They actually didn't even make a screenplay for it. It was done straight from the comic book.
Um, I loved it, actually, um, my favorite parts were those of, um, I believe it was, the big fat kill was pretty good. I, I liked that with all the, um, horrors with guns. Gotta love that.
Um, I especially loved, uh, I believe her name was Miho or something like that. She was badass. I mean, that, that, that's something that Jamie would like because, I mean, totally Battle Royale-ish. It's very awesome. You would just be like, this chick kicks ass.
Okay.
I would recommend Katie do this movie.
Because honestly, Miho, she's up there.
She's up there pretty high.
Well, I do have a thing for violence, so...
I mean, she's just like this whore who has samurai swords and protects all the other ones.
Obviously, but she's just like, you know...
So she's a good lady that kicks ass?
Something like that.
stars and she's chopping off people's limbs and stuff like that and just
completely badass. Okay. And then then you have Elijah Wood. I've never thought
I'd see Elijah Wood as creepy as he was. He was a cannibal and just like crazy
it's just like it almost reminds me of Spider-Man if Spider-Man were a cannibal.
That's pretty much what Elijah Wood was. Frodo eating the other hobbits. Frodo plus
Plus Harry Potter equals scare, seriously, because it looked like Harry Potter.
Why do you bring your kids to see this movie? It's a rated R movie, it's not meant for kids. Why do you bring your kids?
Because they're stupid and don't read up on stuff to begin with.
And then later on you're gonna say, well I think it's all about Sin City, so that's why they ripped off Mommy's arm, and now I'm suing, you know, um, Miramax.
Fuck that.
It's the world of people who can't think for themselves.
Alright, my turn. I did not dislike Sin City, so I don't want to be labeled as a Sin City
hater, because I did enjoy the movie, but I also do not believe that this, like, I have
seen at least three different people declare this the best movie ever made, and I definitely
don't think it's the best movie ever made. I think I'll see a better movie this year.
But it's a good movie still! I don't really want to see it again, but I thought it was
a good movie, and I just recommended it to Jamie, so, you know, I don't have bad things
to say about the movie but here were my issue with it it was very stylistic like
it looked so sexy the look was so great the acting really ruined some of it for
me because you had some people that were acting one way like kind of that I don't
know that element of the 30s you know noir style and some folks that just
couldn't act like we're trying to take the comic book lines like really
literally I think and we're kind of almost camping, campy with it. And I would put probably
Britney Murphy in that category and the chick that played Goldie or whatever and the other,
I don't know, there's that Goldie chick. It's basically most of the women except for the
one who played like the queen whore, like she was like queen of the whores. She was
bad ass, okay? She was pretty cool. But a lot of the acting just kind of didn't do it
for me so that was just me and you know I just thought it went on like really
really really long and I kind of would have thought a comic book movie would
have been a little more fast-paced like there were some scenes in movie that
were very fast-paced I was like when it was like really fast-paced I enjoyed it
but a lot of it was just very like but don't get me wrong I didn't think it was
bad I just didn't think it was like big oh my god greatest thing ever anyway um
Let's see. More questions. We do have more questions. You can still ask questions if
you want you guys. Let's see. Dark Knight wanted to follow up to something he was
saying in his F.U. earlier. He said something about an employee stealing
from the store. Someone got caught last night, ended up only being two cashiers
that night, and I had to work in women's, so not fun. And he's asking,
So are we having a slow cam night? Yeah, we are having a slow cam night. Sorry guys
That's because our special guest is hiding from the cam. She's stealing my stick. I you will we're gonna
I'm supposed to be the mysterious
Co-host here's the interesting thing. Is that in about two or three weeks now?
We're not that far away Orange Lounge radio studio is moving
So in the new studio, the webcam will be set up completely differently. So that's my head
you know it'll be interesting to see what we set it up in the new studio but
on my head and have the Sakura cam well the weird thing is we're not gonna be
able to do the itoy cam either so I'll have to get creative who cares I have
another webcam I just don't use it because I didn't like it I haven't
really thought the logistics of the webcam out yet so we'll see anyway
question from LXL doobs why haven't we gotten orange lounge radio t-shirts yet
pay for them the problem with t-shirts is that in order to get t-shirts you
have to buy a bunch of them up front and if you're not able to sell them then you
have to take a loss and none of us are financially able to take a loss right
now what we may do I do want to do t-shirts I think we have enough of a
following where we could get enough small t-shirts but it would be the type
of thing where it's like pre-order and I know a lot of folks don't like the
pre-order thing but that's just so that we wouldn't lose any money you know and
we'd only order enough shirts for those that would pre-order it so if we do do
shirts in the future which we are wanting to do before e3 so you may see
this coming in the next month it would probably be something where it's
pre-order only but we'll post more deals details to the website when we know more
information and we also have to get some shirt designs we don't know exactly what
we want right now olr that hot that's pretty good that hot we'll see excuse me
mpq wants to know what should I do if my beatmania 2dx arrives before my flip-top
drive does or flip-top ps2 does wait longer you shouldn't have bought a
a modded ps2 to begin with that's pretty stupid only buy the real thing um look
at the manual and look how pretty the manual does try to translate the
Japanese in the manual that'll be fun and see those of us who actually have a
jps2 will be enjoying their 2dx because we bought a jps2 oh we just had our
typo of the night in the chat room somebody was trying to say this dark
Night said orange lounge radio is almost classified as a klut meant to say cult but say klut.
We just need t-shirts with typos on them. Shut up klut. Lemon Lime Jump says I plan
on gathering up a posse to get a DDR machine put in at my college. What's a good mix to
get I guess everyone I guess everyone will have a different opinion but what
does everyone in the studio think um my opinion is that extreme is kind of
hoard like you can go almost everywhere and find an extreme so really for me
it's all about the retro at this point so I think a good DDR mix it would be
fun to have retro so either fourth plus I think fourth plus is definitely a
great one to have fifth mix or third Korean both plus third plus third plus
is a kind of expensive the third mix third Koreans you get pretty cheap can't
you second mix was fun yeah second mix had step battle in it and nothing is as
cool as step battle I would urge you to do just whatever is cheap and affordable
for your college which I believe third Koreans the cheapest um so that or fourth
plus a fifth mix would be a good deal too because there were a lot of songs in
fifth mix that didn't show up anywhere else so I think fifth mix is definitely
something good to check out um but don't get I mean if you of course you could
always get an extreme but the thing is is that everybody has an extreme so it
really depends and I don't know what kind of area you live in but check out
DDR freak machine locations put in your zip code and see what kind of machines
are in your area and if you have three or four extreme machines within ten
miles well then go for something different and that'll kind of lure
people to the college it'll lure the people to play those extreme machines
to you know old stuff is new again I'm actually surprised nobody in our chat
room said F that get in the groove which really would be another option honestly
that might be something you might want to see if there's interest in I'm not
gonna dog on in the group but you know lemon lime jump just wants to clarify
this is Pensacola unfortunately I don't know the Pensacola area I wasn't what
school I've been to Florida once I don't I lived an hour from Pensacola what
school I don't know I'm wait I'll wait for lemon lime jump first I'll talk to
lemon line jump just PME okay but here's the thing I've been in Florida for a
a whopping one hour in my life and it was a layover when I was seven years old.
Alright, anyway.
Flaronay says, do you guys still have the
Let Them Move MP3? If so, can you play it at the end of this show
please? Do you have that? Loki, wasn't that your thing
to let them move the cow doing the Let Them Move? Do you remember that?
Do you have that? Can you find it? Can you see if you still have it so I can
play it okay see if you have that we can fit that in for you Florina it's pretty
funny and we haven't done that joke in months Rama says seriously are we gonna
see some orange on his radio t-shirts yes we want to do the t-shirts I we will
have something up within the next couple weeks we just need a shirt design so we
need some folks to design a shirt for us hint hint hint maybe we'll do a contest
we have CDs to give away we could do a contest we don't we have anime
screeners to that have to get given away we got the apple seed prize pack still
we got to give away at some point huh I mean we'll do a we'll do a contest that
might be fun
lemon-lime jump just wanted to clarify it's UWF is the school she goes to
University of West Florida. I guess, yeah. RPGKing7 says question, how are you guys able
to get into E3? DDRFreak. DDRFreak is a registered business, so Dark Soccer is able to get in
that way. Loki? I'm a game, I do game sales at my company. I mean, I don't think you can
get any more in the business than that. Unfortunately that leaves me out in the cold this year.
year I had some buddies at a particular gaming company that we talked an awful
lot about on this station that helped me get into e3 and helped Loki get in as
well unfortunately I don't have that luxury this year so I'm kind of on my
own so I don't know if I'm going to e3 this year I will find out this week so
we'll have something on that on Sunday cuz I'm gonna send in the paperwork this
week so we'll see what happens but actually if I do get into e3 it'll be
strictly because of orange launch radio which is kind of cool but we are an
official business as well now, too, so. Anyway. SSJ100Matt. Which are better video game movies
or comic book based movies? By the way, you've got to play Girls Butts. Girls Butts is so
two weeks ago. Well, we'll see. We'll see about the Girls Butts thing. What are better
video game- oh, which is better? Video game based movies, or comic book based movies?
On the whole, I would say comic book based movies have been better.
I would definitely second that. That's like comparing a BB gun with a thermonuclear
warhead. There's no comparison. I mean, when you look at the old school Batman,
I mean, that alone, right there. And then maybe, um, what else? The Spider-Man was really
good. It's comic book movies are awesome. And, unfortunately, um, you know, the, uh,
um, of course there have been bad comic book movies, Catwoman.
You know, that wasn't, that wasn't the comic book's fault, that was the director's fault.
And we know who that director is, and we are trying to stop them as we speak, you know.
That wasn't Uwe Boll, the directed Catwoman, was it?
I think it was.
You sh- oh. You sure?
Let me check. I'm gonna check.
I'm almost positive.
You do that. You check.
Go to the database.
But find the let them move thing first.
We need that.
I can't is not a term I understand.
Alright, we're running out of questions here, no more questions at least I see for Ask Orange
Lounge unless I missed something, I don't think so.
So we're going to go ahead and close up the old mailbag there and what we're going to
do now is we're going to take a quick break, just a quick two song break and we're going
to come back and a couple of quick other little stories and notes and then we're going to
end tonight's show.
So we will be back after this featuring a very, very old DDR song and a very, very new
DDR song.
We'll be back after this.
Wai-ai-ai-ai
You keep a pocket full of green, green dollars
I love you, boy, it's the time
You're very hard, you snooze like a young fella
Take me overnight
Boom, boom, boom, boom
Something like a boom-boom
Boom, boom, boom, boom
Back to order
Boom, boom, boom, boom
Pushing all the buttons
I don't even know if anyone gets that promo anymore.
That was when we were at the house for the show.
Uh huh, that was the first studio.
And they were watching Hentai on the main TV, and I walk into the room and the first
thing I see is animated ass all over the screen like oh ass and then we made the
problem suddenly it was a promo yeah all right um just so you guys know we
actually found something that we promised we would play so we're gonna do
one other song here for you guys so enjoy this you should get a kick out of
this or not this is NMR featuring Jack Jack Jackazid Jackazid enjoy
The money jacker, throw to the sideline, the mic's a dead line, but case they rewind, use them as guidelines.
A hip raffle like the way you do it, what you do with it?
It ain't lookin' like a toothpick.
Can't get with instrumental record power.
My lyrical tongue will be like Cinderella's power.
That sounds like a dying cow at the end.
Oh Wilber, it's just a sprain, although that's a horse, but whatever.
That was an old fortune cookie.
Like years ago.
That was like from episode 4.
That feels weird, like, I don't think it's that old, but...
Oh yeah, it is that old, because this was when I was still not eating beef.
And we went to, um, we were going to Panda Express, and I had that nasty eggplant crap,
and then we were trying to think of what we were going to do, and I was like, this eggplant
makes me think of dead horse because it was all rubber. Oh, oh, the Wilbur thing. Yeah,
yeah, yeah. That was an old-ass Portuguese. That was an old Portuguese. I thought you
meant the let them move thing. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. The, the horse thing. I always
love doing this. We bring this up once every couple months or so, and since the, you know,
the show's gotten some additional new listeners lately, we'll do this one more time here.
We used to do these, but they kind of took a lot of work, so we don't really do them
so much anymore, but we used to do these little flashback promos, they're hilarious.
Take a look back at episode number one.
Last week on Orange Lounge Radio.
Attention to parents at Golf Land.
This goes for not just Roseland Golf Land, but any golf land.
Any arcade.
Jamie circulates a lot.
She gets around, Jamie.
Oh yeah, baby.
If you don't mother your child, Jamie will.
Yes, I will spank your child.
If you're not going to do your job, God damn it, I will.
Join us every Sunday night from 7 o'clock until 9 o'clock.
Yeah, you see how old that is? That's when we were on this old schedule there.
So, very interesting there.
Listen to how horrible our microphones were, too.
I was using the headset.
You could hear Irene in the background. She sounded like she was in a tin can.
You know, like,
What is going on, you guys?
I was using the headset and I ended up with like a migraine by the end of the show.
Remember I passed out in the show?
That was terrible. We were in the front. We were in the living room.
That was certainly fun. And then I went to L.A.
You did. So you were gone for a couple weeks. Let's do one more flashback.
These are kind of fun. I like the flashbacks.
So you guys can respect the roots of Orange Lounge Radio. Let's do a flashback from episode...
1, 2, 3, 4. Let's do a flashback from episode 4.
Next week on the show we're going to have our very first special guest.
We're actually having over Melody and Mel B and they're going to be our guests on the
show and I get to clean house all week to be ready for them.
Oh God.
I have to move everything out and deliver because this room is cramped as it is when
we do the show here.
I'd have to do so and they're quite tricky and moist.
How are you feeling a little moist tonight, Jamie?
Oh, every night on the show.
As Irene makes his face.
Orange Lounge Radio makes you moist as a snake.
Join us every Sunday night from 7 p.m. until 9 p.m. Pacific Standard Time for the Orange Lounge.
Jamie was moist.
And I still am!
I remember she got pissed off about that one too.
I did.
she's like, DON'T PUT THAT IN THE BOWBO, YOU CAN'T, WHY DID YOU DO THAT, ROB, WHY?
But now she goes over that, and I, I...
Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob...
Rob!
Yes?
RrrooooOOOoooOOoRrrooooooRrreEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEe figured
Loki, before we finish up the show, give us some more, uh, PSP hacking news,
because this is what you're all about ever since you got a PSP,
I noticed you were watching a video earlier, yeah, tell us about that too.
That was the great game launcher you honestly have to like seriously twist a PSP to get to launch a game
And I don't know about you, but who twists a fucking you know console system wipeout
You need to twist the damn game for wipeout. I don't twist it when I play wipeout
This isn't like some sort of jog con type thing. This is you know a game system
You don't try to twist it of course. It's gonna break
Not meant to twist
Yeah, people are retarded.
Anyways, no, um, so yeah, apparently the, um, PSP IRC thing has been slashdotted, so that went that site.
And same with the PSP browser, that has been slashdotted as well, so that site's down.
What's this?
Haha, funny.
oh man honestly who the hell does this kind of stuff is what I want to know
um in other news though I will be reporting this later it has been done in
the first alpha will be coming up next month that's right Linux is on the DS go
Linux if it runs with electricity there will be Linux on it
Linux for the toaster. I want Linux for the toaster.
And from what I read, iTunes. iTunes for the PSP.
I will never understand what the charm is about being able to install Linux
on insert system here. I don't understand, like what is that just because people
think they're gonna be able to run all the Linux programs on it and everything
so I don't understand. Why do people try to install Linux on like
you know what was the one we had that the fish on the wall had a
Linux installed on it? What the hell is that? You know what I want to do?
And I realized this the other day when I was looking at my PSP. I'm like what the hell is this
button?
What is this thing? What is this little thing on the top here?
It's an infrared port. So you know what you can do? You can use this as a remote.
I want a program on here where I can turn off TVs with the PSP.
So you can walk around Walmart
just you know getting electronics out oh i'm just i'm trying out a psp
click click click click all the tvs are going off
actually i want to get what didn't you order one of those keychains i thought
you're going to order the keychain that shuts them all off
no i never got around to that damn we need to get one and we need to figure
out how to increase the strength of this and go in the best buy
watch the magic
like an emp i don't remember i don't remember what it does but it's
like a little little thing that you put on your keychain and what it does is
basically cycles through like a hundred different popular televisions and their
power off signal that's awesome I want one so you can like go in if the TV's
too loud at a restaurant or whatever you just get out your little keychain and if
you hold it for 15 seconds eventually the TV will turn off I still want the
the portable EMP so I can aim it at people's cell phones while they're
driving I was thinking I need to find the the actual Wi-Fi thing in here and I
it's been taken apart before and find the Wi-Fi but I want to like make a
little me satellite dish so go with this you know except on a tripod so I can
connect you know it's a hot spots there like a mile away or something that'd be
fun this is great though I mean honestly I didn't know that some people had
unprotected networks and all I did is walk around outside today you know kept
hitting you know scan scan and I get like I found three different networks
one with the password on it. Well, actually two with passwords, one that's not. So, you
know, it's sort of like, you know, a dumb person's version of, you know, I forget, war
driving. You should walk around the complex and just, you just look like you're playing
your PSP and scan. But can you download files from the networks? No, not on the PSP yet.
Not yet, but I was reading some other things today on the site. There's a cord out there
on my PSP. Alright, anyway, more PSP pirating and hacking news to come later on Orange Lounge
Radio, but for now, that's it, three hours are up. Tune into the podcast if you want
to know more. Oh, okay, nice plug. Alright, time to go around and get everybody's final
thought. Angel, your final thought. I need to recharge my PSP, er, not PSP, DS. Yeah,
brain's not working. Bye. Julie. I want to kill some Sims. It's fun. Killing Sims is
fun. Uh, Loki. Now do you have the, um, the, uh, what was it, the college update for, um,
Sims 2? Not yet, but I want to get that. Then I can kill more of them. Okay. And my final
thought is, I like money. DarkSakura, your final thought.
Reject false icons. Last word of the show, one word to sum it
all up. I'm going to give it to Julie tonight. One word to sum everything up and it's the
final word of the show. Good night everybody, see you next week. Thanks for listening.
And the word of the day is cat. That does it for another episode of Orange
For more information about our station, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here is your fortune cookie message of the day.
Mashed potatoes, sweet potatoes, baked potatoes, potato chips, smoked sausage, fried chicken,
Pepperoni, Pizza and Delores dip Nobody can make a donut do the things you do
Believe me baby, believe me baby I've tried one or two
I've eaten meatballs in Sweden And pork chops in Peru
But all it did, all it did, all it did, all it did, all it did was remind me of you, baby.
And your mashed potatoes.
Sweet potatoes.
Oh, baby.
Patch of butter.
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
Alright, that's going to do it for tonight's show everybody, thanks a lot for listening
and supporting us as always, we appreciate your support.
We are going to go from our basic broadcast, or I'm sorry, back from our live broadcast
mode to our basic broadcast, so you're going to get disconnected, but just reconnect to
the stream in about 15 seconds to resume listening to all your favorite ER, 2DX, and Dance Mania
favorites.
you guys. In the studio we have actually a clock here that actually shows us the
time and it's like a bar clock and it lights up this like neon blue it's very
pretty and when all lights are off it makes everything shine blue which is
very nice but the clock was always an hour ahead so whenever we would look at
it we'd have to go okay well it says you know the show actually ends at 10 30 but
now thanks to Daylight Savings Time we didn't we didn't have to get up there
and change the clock. The clock's right now. Laziness prevails again. And on that
thought, have a great night everybody. We'll see you next week. Reconnect in 15
seconds
