Orange Lounge Radio 2 Go edition week of April 18th, 2005.
You're tuned in to the Orange Lounge Radio 2 Go edition.
Your podcast home for all the latest video game news and gamer chat.
Now, here are your hosts, DarkSakura, Skye, and Loki.
Yes, here we are again for another edition of the Orange Lounge Radio 2 Go podcast,
where we talk about what's going on in the gaming world this is a podcast
dedicated to what gamers really want to know about so we don't talk about games
that suck well okay sometimes they come up occasionally NASCAR 2005 my name is
Rob Roberts you might know me as sky the voice you're here over there is the
lovely dark Sakura Jamie Summers you go plus plus and of course joining us as
always is Loki hi hello you you're very tired aren't you Loki very tired why is
that you were pretty tired this week moving sucks for those of you guys who
are listening to the Sunday night show the three-hour program it was kind of a
sappy show this week because full of pants well it was it was our um kind of
goodbye to this studio as we evolve orange lounge radio is kind of evolving
this podcast is a big part of that we're taking orange lounge radio our internet
station we do on life 365 best of life 365 nominated broadcaster the year we're
very excited about that those awards happen in a couple weeks so excited
that we're taking our station on life is
five and kind of revamping it to be a
general video gaming station this
podcast is big part of that again DDR
fans shouldn't be too upset we're still
going to have rhythm music games be a
big big part of that but I believe dark
sacri you said this a couple weeks ago
and I think it describes this whole
thing best we are gamer fans first DDR
fans second yeah that's pretty much it
because DDR fan DDR is a game so we're
we're gamer fans before anything else
else ddr is a subcategory of the gamer so this podcast we do is kind of the
kickoff of that dedicated to other gaming things and we're all here all
three of us are here live in person in studio somebody had asked a question a
while back do you Skype in any of your clothes actually we don't we are all
here live in the flesh so we can interact with each other I'm actually an
artificial intelligent program here that just acts like me all right anyway let's
Let's get to it. What's your game of the week been like? Dark Sakura?
I ain't played shit.
Really?
No, um, actually I did play something, now that I think about it. I played the Jeep Simulator
on the Gorillaz site.
You and your web games?
It's fun! Because if anyone has seen the 19-2000 video, they're on this big stretch of a highway
being chased by aliens and salvation and things like that. And you can actually drive the whole freeway
on. Okay, promise me this week you'll tear yourself on the website to play another game.
You've got a house full of games. I played Legos too. Oh yeah, you can play the Lego
game. I played the Star Wars Lego game and it was really cool because we got enough money
in the game to unlock General Grievous and the next Star Wars movie he's supposed to
kill like these four Jedi and uses their light sabers as his damn weapons and he's got four
arms. It's really rad. So he's like kicking ass all the time and I'm over there using
like Anakin all right hi I'm evil no spoilers hi I'm Vader all right anything
else just the Lego game that's kind of it yeah well I'm glad you were able to
tear yourself away to at least give that a try I'm curious I've been busy with
school I had a lot of crap up I'm not huge on Star Wars I respect the films
but I'm not like oh my god you know they're cool games there's some good
games that come out of the series so I'm curious about this Lego star I think
it's kind of hilarious the whole concept Lego meets Star Wars I think is the
dumbest thing I've ever seen it was really stupid looking but it was fun it
was really fun is what games are all about though okay good make a fun game
that could be Star Wars not featuring Legos intelligent cube was a stupid
looking game because I was like all of these falling cubes but it's it's one of
the most brilliant PlayStation games they ever did squadron was fun this is
why you don't see tickle me Elmo the game I mean that would be stupid but
But that still doesn't stop them from putting Mary-Kate and Ashley games out.
Loki, what's your game of the week been like?
I played Luminous and I played Ridge Racer for the PSV.
And they're fun. Lots of fun.
Ridge Racer's pretty cool because it's like a throwback to the old R4, which is the best one I think that was available for the original PlayStation.
And then they have R5 tracks in there as well. Those are pretty good.
And then, you know, I guess you could unlock the intros for both of those games as well.
It's just a lot of fun.
Gotta play it against my boss, kicked his ass by 10 seconds.
Just, I had never actually played the game when I played him, and
I mean, he's not that much. I mean, he's a gamer, but
he's probably just not as hardcore as I am, so.
Oh well. And then, Luminous is
interesting. It's like, so simple, but you can kinda
screw yourself up pretty easy on it. So, it's interesting. It's just something you gotta play, I guess.
And then I also put Robot Chicken, five episodes of it, on my PSP.
Doing the hacksaw thing? Elite hacksawing?
Not really. I mean, it's a feature of the PSP. They put video on it. So, that's what I did.
Alright.
Um, you know, my gaming week was kind of similar, where, um, I actually played Donkey Konga this week over at, uh, my buddy's house.
We were playing Donkey Konga, and I haven't played Donkey Konga a whole lot. Like, maybe this is like my second or third time playing it.
But I was playing all the crazy songs. It's kind of like how Loki was kicking ass at Ridge Racer his first time playing it
Just because I've played so many of the rhythm beat games and since I'd played Taiko no Tatujin before which is Taiko drum master
Which is basically the same thing as Donkey Konga just in a different setup
I had no problem clearing the difficult song so they were going like how are you doing that you second time playing?
Oh my god. What's wrong?
Also during my gaming week. I also played a little bit of luminous which wow that game is just it really is
this amazing as everybody says it is so addicting it's seizure inducing at times
but once you get the hang of it there are some very good I would highly
recommend over on game facts calm game faqs calm they have some luminous facts
and you wouldn't think that a puzzle game would need it but when you read it
it really improved my game I was not able to get past the second skin but
then when I read the FAQs I was up to like skin number 10 on my next game so I
I highly recommend checking that out and I have not been able to get the song shining out of my head
That's the song that plays in the first stage the mono groso song you beat shiny
The songs are addicting you get stuck in your head. So big props to luminous and of course Final Fantasy 11
I've been getting sucked back into that. What can I say? I'm an addict
Alright, let's get into some gaming news. Did you you had another thought a minute ago Dark Sakura?
I want to make sure if I did I forgot what it was. No biggie
Speaking of leaked hack-soring of the PSP, we're going to start off tonight with a story
on the PSP.
This is posted on psphacks.blogspot.com.
It's the PSP Home Control Version 1.0, and it's actually a way that you can control your
DVD player, TiVo, and high-definition television, all from your PSP.
It's what some guy did.
He made graphics in Photoshop and everything crazy.
actually controlling devices using his PSP not something for everybody of
course it's using the wipeout hacks to be able to do this not something for
everybody but certainly shows the potential the PSP has as a device if it
can do this with a little bit of tweaking it's only a matter of time
before some of these features come into the mainstream so this is kind of neat
one of the things that's actually pretty cool that's coming out later on is a
game where you can actually make your own game sort of the memory cards and
and then probably upload it to the internet and all that wonderful stuff.
Oh, that's going to unleash a whole other community upon itself.
That's going to be interesting.
Like the RPG makers or fighter makers?
Or ZZT if you want to get really old school.
But... oh my god.
Port that to the...
Oh, please somebody stop porting Linux and start porting ZZT.
Why the hell...
If you have any idea what I'm talking about, please port ZZT to the PSP.
Too many acronyms, I know.
Eh, put Linux on your toaster.
Anyway, if you want to check that out again, it's psphacks, all one word,.blogspot.com.
Moving on, Halo 2 is going to be getting a big update this week.
This Monday, Bungie's putting out a brand new patch for Halo 2.
This is going to be pretty big because they're actually going to alter the way some of the weapons work.
They're going to be doing some changes with the melee damage,
they're going to be changing the way grenades work a little bit,
the fuse timer's going to be tightened up a little bit,
and the damage caused is going to be increased.
they're just changing some other things here and there there's a whole FAQ
available in the news section at Bungie.net but of course you will be
forced to auto update on Monday when this patch rolls out what else I think
is kind of interesting about this is in the FAQs it actually says that they will
be resetting the leaderboards when this auto update is rolled out and the reason
why they're saying they're doing this too many hacks out there right now too
many people taking abuse of the glitches that are on there right now the default
the leaderboards kind of one it's one aspect is a pretty big answer here I'd
urge you guys to check it out if you're a halo fan over at bungee net but
they're basically gonna reset to kind of give everyone a fair shot since they are
tweaking the rules although they say to the casual player which would be me I
think I fall in this category because I suck at halo you won't even notice the
difference something the hardcore players are gonna notice the difference
in I bet neither of you care because you don't play halo at all do you halo makes
me throw up. I like Halo. I like Halo, but it makes me motion sick. Ah, so it's not,
you don't throw up because you hate the game. I literally get so motion sick that I would
like to, you know, remove the contents of my lunch from my stomach and offer it to the
porcelain goddess on my knees. Loki, you're just not, eh, eh. I mean, I don't own the
game, I don't own Xbox. Yay. Alright, then let's talk about a story I do know you would
know something about Loki.
Final Fantasy XI had some news this week
because they are under attack.
Somebody is DDoSing them.
This is also known as the denial of service attacks
where basically somebody is trying to overload
the servers with information
so that they effectively shut down.
And I can personally attest to this.
I had problems logging in on,
I think it was like Tuesday night,
I was trying to log in.
Remember, you were playing and I was gonna try
to join you in a party, Loki.
I couldn't get in, this is why.
somebody who was DDOSing the servers.
Squeenix, as we fondly refer to them here on this show,
they're putting the smack down.
They're saying that they have notified
law enforcement authorities in Japan,
the United States, and Europe.
The attack started April 9th,
and as of the taping of this podcast,
they're still ongoing as far as we know,
causing latency and screwy servers.
So they're not happy about that, and...
Is this just some World of Warcraft person
that's just pissed off or something?
Who would do this?
people that got banned for selling Gil on eBay.
Yeah, I was gonna say, who would do this?
Who would have the motive to DDoS Final Fantasy 11?
Because honestly, how many servers are there
for Final Fantasy 11?
There's like at least 20.
You're not gonna shut the whole game down.
You would have to have the entire force of America Online
DDoSing these people to shut it down.
That's not gonna happen.
So what do people have to gain from this, you think?
And also each server's just,
it's server's not necessarily one computer either.
It's true.
It's like a cluster of them, so.
It's that's why that's why you'll see like a group of people drop and not everybody kind of like
IRC type of thing what do you think this is disgruntled gill seller world of warcraft fan base or kid that's trying to like I don't know
Rose online well stop screwing up my game. That's what I have to say um
moving on
Kind of along the same lines as halo. We were talking about a minute ago another first-person shooter
that's insanely popular Doom 3 they're making a movie out of the Doom
franchise but it got pushed back it's not coming out in June after all it's
actually being pushed back to October 21st is it gonna bite as much as House
of the Dead I hope not it's coming out October 21st from Universal Pictures
it's not being directed by Uwe Boll so this movie has a shot but it's starring
The Rock yes it is starring The Rock that's cool and Carl Urban who is in
Lord of the Rings, Return of the King, and Bourne's Supremacy. The director of this movie,
Andruge Bartekwek, I hope I, I know I totally mispronounced that, so I apologize, but he
directed the movies Cradle to the Grave and Exit Wounds. So, it should be interesting.
Oh, God. We, like, have, like, some, you know, we're, we're the hip-hop artists in this movie.
Yeah, I was gonna say, didn't both those, didn't both those movies star, like, hip-hop
stars? I know one of them, Star 50 Cent, yeah. We're getting thug-doomed, that's it. And
then they're gonna be like having you know like some hip-hop interlude action
sequence or something like that do me oh um this is cool if you're into art
modern art especially and gaming and I know you're this is one that might hit
home for you dark Sakura they're gonna be doing an 8-bit art exhibit it's gonna
open April 19th that's this week on Melrose Avenue in Hollywood it's a
Gallery 1988 and the expo is running April 19th through May 20th and that is
perfectly timed up so that's running through the last day of e3 very cool yes
and so basically they're gonna be hosting a party for e3 attendees as well
on May 18th it's game related art from more than a hundred artists the gallery
is called I am 8-bit I bet there's got to be some Amano art there this is what's
about it. The opening will be hosted by Gerardo, also known as Rico Suave.
I find it very funny because he wasn't using that as a name at all. It means rich and smooth.
Bartended by the Suicide Girls, which is one of those burlesque groups. Also, 8-Bit Weapon.
Cool, I like 8-Bit Weapon.
We saw those guys at Classic Gaming Airspoke.
I bought one of their albums and played a marathon on my show.
They're going to be there.
So check that out.
The art will be based on games Pac-Man, Street Fighter II, Dig Dug.
They've got digital prints, paintings, sculpture.
This is going to be just awesome.
Let's see, one of the exhibits will be The Mourning of the Princess by Ryan Bubniss and
it depicts an unshaven chain smoking Link from The Legend of Zelda.
Tim Tomkinson made an artwork called Duck Hunter S. Thompson, which will feature the
author Hunter S. Thompson, who made Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, wrote that original
story, over a backdrop of the NES light gun classic.
Very interesting.
I am actually, I want to check this out when I'm down in LA for E3.
Definitely have to.
Yeah, we gotta plan a trip to that.
That's gonna be cool.
All right, speaking of E3, Ubisoft has revealed some of the titles they are going to be showing
at E3 which includes some next-gen so that's very cool some of the next-gen
games are going to be showing Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon 3 and Peter
Jackson's King Kong you know how they're remaking King Kong this year Peter
Jackson the guy who did Lord of the Rings they're gonna be making games and
they will be on the next-gen systems so we're finally starting to see now they
haven't said which next-gen systems but a next-gen system so we're finally
starting to hear some of the games that are coming out what kind of games do you
guys hope make it to the next-gen systems more Tekken next-gen Tekken
Logie um next-gen systems next-gen next-gen how about well that we know
Grand Theft Auto is gonna be there so that's more Katamari Damacy oh oh I
want to see I want to see even though I really want Silent Hill 5 I want to see
I want to see more original stuff like katamari to mashi. I hope that here are these special next-gen things will
Okay, I know Honda to
What we need shut up. We need a hundred to cuz goddamn it. What's querying X me? Oh, I love it
We're just gonna be like yeah
expand out into other genres of gaming
You know like we're gonna do a a cool like shooter blah blah blah blah and then do nothing with it
I just want to see more original games like Katamari Damacy. I just want to see original stuff
Use this fancy new next-gen technology. You're developing to make something new
games
Treasure games are pirate hunting. No treasure brought us. Oh our heroes. Oh the company treasure million twist
They freaking brought us
silhouette Mirage
We need more treasure games, because treasure is awesome.
Or as my friend says, Treshar.
Well, do you know what gaming company is cool?
At least according to themselves.
Majesco, creators of the game Phantom Dust on Xbox, among other things.
They are changing their NASDAQ stock symbol.
This would be the stock exchange.
They're changing it from MJES to COOL.
Oh, funny.
funny. So Majesco just wants everybody to know, they're cool. Aren't they special? I
think that's kind of interesting. They're not as cool as Namco! Or several other gaming
companies I can think of. One of them being Konami, one of our favorites. Konami just
picked up another gaming publisher, Hudson Soft Konami has picked up. Bomberman! Yep,
the makers of Bomberman, the games with the B's.
You may also know Hudson Soft as,
they made what, Adventure Island back in the day?
Yeah.
I'm not sure what they've done recently
outside of Bomberman, I have to admit.
But Konami and Hudson, they issued a joint statement
saying that the April 27th,
Konami is going to purchase three million shares
of Hudson's stock, this means that Konami
will become the majority stakeholder.
So they're not quite fusing, per se, but.
It's a takeover.
but pretty much you know it's heading in that direction all right orange lounge
radio we're not just here to fill you in on the latest and greatest in gaming
news but we're also here to better your life because you know if all we did is
played video games all day we wouldn't have any time to go out and you know get
some culture see art shows so so we encourage you to get out once in a while
and to help you do that Dark Sakura brings you her advice column every
single week and Dark Sakura what are you gonna be talking about tonight how to
navigate a minefield number one keep your eyes on your feet to freeze do not
move any farther three look for spikes detonators wires bumps or discoloration
in the ground around you four avoid wires bumps or discoloration on the
and back up slowly in your own footsteps do not turn around walk backwards but
you know what I always say in situations like that what don't freakin go to
Eastern Europe avoid those minefields all together indeed all right moving on
in gaming news you know there's a big movie coming out this summer the
Fantastic Four they're adapting that comic book you a fan of the Fantastic
Four I was at one time yeah I was like I remember the Fantastic Four like in the
80s last movie that came out well Activision is actually making a
Fantastic Four game and they've actually been recruiting some musicians to be on
the soundtrack we're gonna have the explosion with a song called I'm on fire
this is not the soundtrack to the movie this is the soundtrack to the game okay
Jurassic five with a song called clobber in time go Betty go it's an all-girl punk
rock band if you don't know who they are everywhere and mod rockers taking back
Sunday will be bringing up error operator now the interesting thing is is that the songs all kind of go with one of the
Characters error operator for mr. Fantastic the girl punk rock group everywhere for the invisible woman
Jurassic five doing the song for the thing and I'm on fire of course the human torch
You know clobbering time not be for the thing. I don't know. I don't know
that's his catchphrase so that's just kind of cool that they've got like
little songs to go with each character that's that's just cute there's really
no other way I can describe that I'm sorry Pac-Man's coming back Pac-Man is
going to be on the DS it seems like we get a new Pac-Man game of some type
every year just something crazy this is actually not the pack picks game though
this is something different it's called pack enroll and it's coming out on the
DS so I for one I'm impressed that there's actually a new game coming out
DS. Is this that one that I was crazy about at the E3 demo? No, that was the PacPix one.
This is a little bit different. This is Pac and Roll. And what Pac and Roll does is that
you basically, you play a rounded Pac-Man and you go around colorful worlds. You use
the DS touch screen and stylus. So it's kind of like you're running Pac-Man through 3D
worlds. So that's kind of neat. So Pac and Roll will be using, of course, the stylus.
You kind of roll it around there with that. This was kind of like the trackball thing.
That's the one I was wanting. Oh, was it? Oh, I thought you were talking about the one
you actually draw the pac-man oh my bad all about the marble madness looking game
now when you went and saw the DS at e3 did you get to go remember e3 last year
they had the cool line like random people got to go in the cool line that
would see like all the games and some people got to go in the not so cool line
where they only saw like WarioWare that was the one I ended up being in oh you
snuck over so that's how you saw this because I didn't see this I saw the pack
picks though. And I also saw a picture that someone snuck. Ooh, scandalous. Alright, very
interesting. Pac and Roll will include the original Pac-Man arcade game, just, you know,
for the heck of it. Because, you know, just like Linux, Pac-Man has to show up on every
system available out there. Indeed. What can you say? It's the granddaddy of video games.
One of the grand daddies.
Or just the Gradius game that we saw at friggin' E3 last year for the DS.
That's what I wanna know.
Seriously, I wanna see that too.
You know what we need?
What the whole Gradius series needs?
A new Parodius.
Oh, that'd be great.
Or like, KO Flying Squadron 2.
Actually, there was one.
We need, like, a new KO Flying Squadron.
Or a new Cotton Game.
We have some news tonight, lastly, about the, actually, no, not lastly, almost lastly, uh,
next-gen Xbox a couple stories here one of these stories has to do with Tetsuya
Mitsugishi okay he's the guy who helped out with Space Channel five and rez okay
he didn't just tell Bob he actually produced these games so he actually
announced recently that he's gonna be doing games for the next-gen Xbox but
here's the thing they will not be music-oriented titles that's a big title
coming out this week that's kind of a surprise when you consider the Space
channel 5 and rez are right there probably the two most underrated music
titles of all time rez had the vibrator thingy rez he's going trans vibrator all
the way so hopefully whatever he does will be with the vibration still huh he
has commented in a recent interview that he sees the next generation consoles not
just new machines but as the point of a major shift in gaming history he says I
believe that we are at a historical turning point in gaming we were to look
back at today in the not-too-distant future I believe that we will be saying
to ourselves ah so that was the first step that led to the major major changes
this time the Xbox will fit not four but six family members inside of it now you
have you been following the what's that called that Xbox paying the online ARG
yes ARG in it reality yeah have you been following that at all the colony is that
what they're calling it? Yeah, the colony.net or something like that. Yeah, I have this
wonderful web board that I read called nonfiction.com. They do all the work for me, and I just watch
it from afar, kind of like what I did with Metacortex. I watched it from afar, and that's
what I'm doing now. So they showed, what was it, first we found out that the official name
for it is going to be the Xbox 360, that it has a really retarded looking white controller
for it that's all like shiny and it's got some stupid ball on it looks like a
trackball it's pure and virginal yeah whatever anyways and then also the
console systems rumored to look like one of those stupid like pillows that you
would use for your head if you've got bad neck support because it's like it's
some it looks really ugly and that's just the rumor right now it's just a
rumor but I have a bad feeling it's gonna look like a really rejected how
How much you wanna bet they just took the Phantom?
The Phantom's like, hmm, you know we need to get rid of these console systems, the Xbox
is like, hey, we can stick our Xbox inside of those things, and boom, there you go.
I'm still getting email for the Phantom.
Whatever happened to the Phantom?
I thought the Phantom was supposed to be out by now.
I'm still getting email for them.
Oh, it's coming out.
And you know what this title game's gonna be?
Duke Nukem Forever.
No, just kidding.
Oh, it's a joke.
Oh, I get it.
It was a funny joke.
Because they're both never gonna ever come out, ever.
Yeah, I get it, I get it.
speaking of the Xbox 360s analysts are saying three million Xboxes could
possibly be shipped by Christmas especially if the system is targeted
under $300 which is where they are targeting this new system to be out will
be priced around $249 to $299 they're also saying that the system will be out
October or November and they're analyzing their three million this is
coming from Goldman Sachs investment firm.
I have a big problem with this system.
Why is that?
They're rumored talking about portable hard drive
for it to kind of be like a sort of an MP3 player type thing.
I don't like that one bit.
I mean, I buy an Xbox system for gaming.
I don't buy it for a media player.
I don't buy it for all this crap.
There's going to be a lot of gimmicky things with this kind
of stuff.
It's like really how many media players.
I don't know.
I sort of see the Xbox as more of a hardcore console system
and where people that would have an Xbox
would have these like an iPod or a media type thing.
I don't really see, it's gonna be very gimmicky
and I think they've made a lot of bad decisions with this.
But we'll see, we'll see.
And we don't know yet,
we only have rumors to go off of right now.
All right, if you have any opinions or thoughts, feedback,
send us an email to go at orangeloungeradio.com.
You've been checking that email over there?
I have.
I've been chatting with a couple of people.
Heard from anybody interesting?
There's one of our UK listeners, his name is Matthew.
Right on.
He'd like to say hi.
He actually was interested in our PSP commentary, although the PSP isn't really out there yet.
Okay.
So that's cool.
We'll try to keep making mentions on progress in the UK.
Well you know one of my full side projects I'm still working on is some sort of PSP integration
for our website eventually. I'm working on it. I have to get my internet up and stuff.
Sounds good. By the way, speaking of Orange Launch Radio and our website,
we did mention on the show tonight, we've had this theme going on of,
we are starting over. May 1st is going to bring a lot of changes to OrangeLaunchRadio.com.
This podcast really isn't going to be changing so much, but our 24 hour,
seven-day weeks live streaming station we have on life 365 is going to be
changing a little bit for the better we think gonna be more of a broad gaming so
those you guys listen this podcast have something to look forward to anyway one
more story here tonight this is interesting here games could possibly
soon be losing their voice online trade magazines are stating that the
negotiations between the Screen Actors Guild and game publishers to renew voice
acting contracts are kind of on the bubble right now so this could possibly
lead to a future strike who knows well how could this affect things well let's
look at this Charlize Theron what is lending her voice to Majesco's a on flux
David Duchovny Marilyn Manson are doing voices in Midway's area 51 Sean Connery
is doing some voice acting for from Russia with love from EA very cool
Marlon Brando did some voice acting as you may remember for the Godfather game
before it came out very interesting variety.com making this report hmm so who
knows would you be all torn up if actors famous actors had to leave video games
to me it the type of games I play it doesn't really matter to me sometimes
though they make the game sometimes you know like the Buffy game you know how
crazy I was over that. They had everybody except Sir Michelle Geller. That just sort
of axed it for me.
Aw. I know, but look at a game like Final Fantasy X. I mean, some pretty decent voice
acting in that game from basically folks who, maybe they're big on the anime dubbing, but
no screen actors really in that group, and they're all pretty good.
But the thing is, is that for The Godfather, you expect Marlon Brando.
That is, okay, that is true.
For Bond, you expect Sean Connery, especially since he's playing Bond in the new movie.
Because it's supposed to be an older Bond.
Interesting.
I haven't heard that one.
Yeah.
That's a stretch.
I don't think so.
I don't know about that.
I don't know where you heard that one.
Uh, Premiere Magazine.
Hmm.
Sounds like a rumor to me.
Sounds like a rumor to me.
We'll see.
I've heard something completely different.
It's based off of one of the original Bond novels that featured him as a retiree.
That I heard, but I heard like Pierce Brosnan was coming back and then I heard they got
some new guy.
We won't know anything until they release the official press release.
It's all speculation.
Who cares?
Because it's Sean Connery, he could be a quadruple amputee and still be hot.
You know, he should go back to doing Bond movies.
What else has he done lately?
He did the, uh...
The Avengers?
Yeah.
Hey, the Avengers had Eddie Izzard in it.
What was the other one?
The, uh, uh...
League of Extraordinary Gentlemen?
No, thank you.
I needed to see that.
How about they just have the wonderful movie Sean Connery Kicks Ass, and that's, that's
what it is.
It's just him punching one person after another, you know, the end.
Alright, before we turn into movie chat, I think it's time to end Orange Lounge Radio
for this week.
We'll be back next week, though.
Final thoughts, Loki?
I hate moving.
Dark Sakura?
Reject false icons.
My final thought?
I've got so much laundry to do.
Thanks for listening, everybody.
We'll see you next time on the Orange Lounge Radio To-Go Edition.
That's the end of another Orange Lounge Radio To-Go Edition.
This podcast is a proud part of www.orangeloungeradio.com See you next update!
