Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition week of April 4th, 2005.
And now, the Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition.
Your internet radio home for discussion on rhythm and music gaming,
and all the news on video games that don't suck.
And now, here are your hosts, DarkSakura, Skye, and Loki.
Hello everybody on the internet.
Welcome to another edition of the Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition,
where we talk about what's going on in the video gaming world and with you is
myself my name is Rob Roberts you might know me as Sky and my lovely co-host Jamie
Summers also known as Dark Sakura I am such a celebrity and our other third
wheel say hello to Loki hello all right so we're going to talk about some gaming
news going on in the world and of course tons of PSP stuff because you know this
PSP has been this gigantic, like, Katamari Damacy ball just rolling down a hill.
It's what's popular this week. It's the big thing, so we'll talk about some PSP
news, but first, what's going on in your gaming world? Dark Sakura. I've been
playing a lot of the games on the Gorillaz.com site, like Widescreen Pong
and HeliDrop. It's been pretty fun. So no, like, consoles or anything? I looked at
Final Fantasy 11 I didn't actually play it though. You looked at it, you just checked it out. I moved my play online icon. I've been too
busy I've been doing other stuff and of course being a famous internet
celebrity. Did you move it to the recycle bin or where did you move the icon?
Elsewhere. Oh okay so that's it not a lot of gaming? I can't be bothered with that kind of
thing anymore I'm a famous internet celebrity. I forgot I'm so sorry and
that's it so this is just the I'm busy being famous all right all right
Loki I bought a PSP sucker no that's cool sucker I if I could afford it I'd
buy one too I'm with the trends no no I got a PSP and I got two games I got the
wipeout pure just because I like the hack yes you bought wipeout pure it has
nothing to do with the fact that you like wipeout because I think I think I
distinctly remember you saying you were disappointed with the wipeout series I
I hated Wipeout, actually.
But you just wanted to buy it because you know it's the game that allows people to hack their PSPs, so...
Yup.
Yeah, that's what I thought.
But I like Wipeout now, because I've been playing it. It's actually pretty fun.
I don't know. I tried Wipeout 3 a while back, and I tried Wipeout XL. I just didn't get into it.
Um...
Nah, you know what? I need to bring over my pair of Negcons.
I need to play Wipeout with a Negcon.
Uh... what is that?
It's a Namco controller.
Oh...
The twisty one.
Okay, okay. And then the one with the little dial is the Jog Con. I've seen those. I have a Jog Con that's completely useless. I have like three Jog Cons.
Um, anyway. Anyways. So yeah, I got Wipeout Pure and I got Twisted Metal Face On, or Head On, I think. And I like, I love Twisted Metal. I mean, Twisted Metal Head On, though, is exactly like Twisted Metal 2, that's all it is.
But, hey, if you're gonna make a remake of one of the original games, Twisted Metal 2 would be the one to do it, because that was, like, one of the best.
Why didn't you get luminous because they weren't selling luminous and I can only afford two games
So, you know those were the two it was either that or you know, I get like some stupid NFL game or something
It's like no. Thank you. I will take twisted metal black or not black head-on and
The white belt pier
but um, so I've been playing those they're fun and I
Do not like
the analog controller on the PSP
it's just not working for me. I think it's cute. I think it could differ, I love it. I think it's cute. It's actually pretty easy.
I don't know it's just it I guess I gotta get used to it but I've been using the
digital stuff for now
and it works just fine for me. Whatever I mean.
I'll need to bring over Darkstalkers.
I'm not a huge fan of Darkstalkers. But it's really neat on the PSP.
I'll take your word for it. I don't know I'm
I'm just like... The other reason I got one though, work related, because my boss just
got one and I figured it'd be kinda cool to just play against him during a break or something
or just to be able to actually play some of the games. Also, I want to drag it with me
to E3 because you know they're going to have WiFi hotspots there and you know there's going
to be PSP crap there. So, might as well drag my portable systems with me.
Brown nosing with a PSP. Very nice.
Exactly.
Alright, great. As far as what's going on in my gaming world, I was, you know, obviously,
since Loki's my roommate, I was checking out his PSP a little bit, so I played a little
bit of Wipeout as well. I suck at Wipeout, though, so forget it. But I kinda want a PSP,
but I'm gonna wait for some later games. I really, really want Luminous, but it's not
enough for me to justify spending so much money on a system at this point. Maybe later.
The one I want is actually, they have that cool one with the, where you disable bombs.
That looked kinda neat.
I don't remember the name of that one offhand, but, hmm.
Oh well.
Anyway, so I'll get a PSP eventually, but it's very pretty, I was watching Spider-Man,
like, even though I've already seen Spider-Man 2, like, twice, and didn't really want to watch it again,
I just wanted to see what video looked like on there, I was quite impressed.
I have to admit, it's pretty nice looking.
You can also, though, download video from your computer.
And actually-
I was telling Loki he needs to put some pornography on there, but-
GameStop's gonna be carrying the 1GB cards coming up soon.
Now, in order to download that stuff, I gotta buy an additional piece of crap that's gotta go with it.
Alright.
Buy the cable.
Then I can just bring our cable over and you can borrow it.
I need to get me, um, a 1 gig stick.
Actually, I'm not even gonna...
Cuz I don't know how much those 1 gig sticks are, what, they're like 200 some dollars or something?
Yikes!
Not necessarily. I think Best Buy was having them for about 130 something.
That's still scary!
Fuck that, cause you know what, you can actually go out there and buy, there's a USB to Mini-B,
which is the like USB thing that's on top of the PSP adapter for $13, and then hook
up your wonderful flash drives, guess what, my flash drive is like, you know, 128 megs
right there, and what, I bought that for 20 bucks?
Fuck that, why the hell would I go spend, you know, tons of money to buy this, you know,
proprietary crap?
It's a good idea in theory, I just hope it works.
I hope it works.
But, you know, I'm just interested.
I've been like jumping on the Wi-Fi spots, you know people that are neighbors and stuff that have internet
And then they put wireless routers without passwords on them. Hey, this is my gaming week. Sorry. That's right
So I instead I picked up a new DS game
I was like, you know, I didn't want to spend $300 on a PSP
But I had to spend money like you know
That money was burning a hole in my pocket because I just did my taxes and I'm getting money back and all that
So I instead decided to go out and buy a new game for the DS
The unfortunate thing is that the DS really doesn't have a whole lot of games on it, and
so, you know, I already have Mario 64 and I already have WarioWare Touch, so what does
that leave?
Not a whole lot.
I already have Feel the Magic, so it was pretty much, it came down between Sprung and this
other title, Yoshi Touch and Go, so I picked up Yoshi Touch and Go.
Not impressed.
Not impressed.
It's just very repetitive to me, and it's very frustrating.
The difficulty bar is set very high, it's something that in some reviews out there on
the internet they were calling this a kids game.
Oh my gosh, I guess kids are smarter than I am because I'm getting so frustrated with
this game trying to beat some of the records you have to beat to unlock new stages.
So I'm pretty much getting sick of this.
So as soon as something better catches my eye, this thing's going, getting sold back
or something.
I just was not impressed with Yoshi Touch and Go.
So Touch and Buy as far as I'm concerned.
Let's get into some gaming news.
found some fun little customizable things ones for the Xbox and ones for
the PSP what'd you find Loki for the Xbox well if you happen to love Hello
Kitty like we all do okay no we all don't but you know what a way to ruin a
perfectly good crystal you know Xbox case by shoving some stupid Hello Kitty
crap on it for Hello Kitty mission rescue the special edition crystal
console that you can get it's basically wait wait I just want clever this isn't
like a giant sticker you put on your existing crystal console, which you can't even get
in this country anyway. But it's a brand new Xbox that they're selling that is specifically
Hello Kitty Mission Rescue.
Yup, with this crappy crystal console. It's a crystal console, which is like really awesome,
but... I don't know. Anyways, so, before they had a pink Xbox, why would you buy an Xbox?
Yeah, because you know, I've been really waiting for the Hello Kitty game to come out for me
to buy an Xbox. That's been the game that will do it for me. But anyways, so they have
this Hello Kitty Crystal Xbox console that you can get. It comes with a crystal controller,
which hopefully doesn't have this pink crap on it, and the Mission Rescue game for $99
with the purchase of a selected Samsung LCD TV, and you can only get it in Singapore on
eBay where people would be selling it from Singapore so there's that then if
you are the wonderful celebrity they've been doing Simmons jeweler company made
some accessories for the Sony PSP they debuted this at the March 14th or at
March 14th at the Pacific Design Center in West Hollywood dubbed the print that
print a PSP whatever that's supposed to mean and it says that brought together
There's some of the hottest names in fashion other well-known designers including Marc Jacobs and will it wait wait
This was a fashion show for PSP's and I correct here. Ah, yes, I believe you're correct
It's now this isn't
It's the top models including Maggie Riser
Kirstie Hume and people we don't care about come on
No gamer cares about the people.
Anyways, so showed off the newest trend in fashion by wearing the sexy, sleek PSP accessories
with the latest looks and fall.
What I love about this is that it's bling for your PSP is really what it is.
It's bling bling.
Like, look at this.
You've got this gold PSP and there's a whole nother joke that can be made there about the
golden PSP if anybody watches South Park.
But you can get the gold PSP and you get these bling, bling chains that hang from it.
It's tacky.
And you want to know what the gemstones on their cell phones and shit.
And you want to know how much this costs, folks?
Oh god.
Because this isn't going to be for the average user, I don't know why you'd want to buy one
in the first place unless you're like some overpaid rapper with no taste.
It would be $35,000.
Whoo!
$35,000 to make your PSP look like crap?
okay if I wanted to make the PSP look like crap I could go to like the craft
store and buy you know sculpty plastic and says it says a list celebrities and
showed up to this and this is a list yeah very moderately a list celebrities
Hillary Duff Haley Duff is Haley Duff even popular Haley who is Haley Duff I
I imagine Hilary Dove's sister maybe?
Or lover or something.
Nicole Ritchie and fiancé DJ AM and...
Nicole Ritchie, who you book when he can't get Paris Hilton.
And Michael Vartan, whoever he is.
And apparently I guess...
He's on Alias.
Oh.
I don't know how I know that, I just do.
Sorry guys.
Okay.
And I don't know who bought this, but I know that David Arquette was there and I know he's
a big gamer, so he might have bought this.
I don't know.
You know what though?
He was one that bought one of those pimped out DS's, I remember that, so...
Who knows?
More power to them.
Pimp my game system.
In other news...
Yeah, let's hear some DS news.
Another news in the DS, the other portable game world events, saying this is going to
happen.
It says Pass Me, which for those who don't know, it's this device that's actually made
to be able to port your own code using the Game Boy code thingy.
And what websites is this all being documented on?
On dslinux.org.
That's right, they ported Linux to the DS.
The first alpha for it should be coming out in about a month, they say.
It's only a matter of time.
Oh, why, why, why?
And of course...
If it's got a computer chip in it, Linux can be installed on it.
As you could probably guess, Linux is already being...
They're already attempting to port Linux to the PSP, so...
Of course.
Yay.
I'm personally porting Linux to my toaster oven.
Honestly, if Linux is so popular, why is it not outselling Windows?
In other DS news, you know they did the new color DS's in Japan, they have graphite black
and pure white, and I know we sit here and sometimes joke like, haha Nintendo, you know
they just re-release the system in new colors to try and drive up sales, but what kind of
idiots actually buy the system all over again just for a new color?
Well let me put this in a little bit of perspective for you guys.
Sales for the week of March 21st to the March 27th when these new colors debuted, 54,000
in Japan the previous week was only 21,000 more than double the sales just
by rolling out two new colors hmm you know and this kind of matches with that
bling PSP story that there are people out there that will buy the gaming
system to match their purse you know what's sad is people don't realize that
you can actually go and find the mods yourself and do this for like a lot
cheaper than buying a brand new system or paying $35,000 we'll see what happens
Yeah, for $35,000, I can make an all-in-one gaming unit with its own built-in, like, keg
or something, you know?
Why pay $35?
I would pay for that.
I mean, why pay $35,000 for, like, a golden PSP?
A gaming system with a keg.
Which as soon as you drop it, will be $35,000 wasted.
A gaming system with a keg?
One day we'll be famous and spending that kind of money on games.
I'm already famous.
I oh I forgot sorry we will see what happens to the sales
of Japan's DS units on April 21st when turquoise blue and candy pink
roll out. And then barf green
you know there's people out there the one at candy pink DS
just you wait for the transparent
crystal DS to be coming out and then they'll have crystal pink and crystal blue
exactly alright alright anyway. And then there's baby shit yellow green
Look moving on
Here's some interesting news, you know the four swords that was out on GameCube
Zelda four swords certainly for to this. Come on. Give me a break. Well, not a lot of people
Not a lot of people really played this game because you in order to do it
You had to have the link cables if you really wanted to get four people in on the fun
You had to have the link cable. So everybody could be their own link
yeah okay but only the hardcore gaming nerds like yourself could really
participate in this okay so what now they're gonna make this game a little
more accessible by rolling it out on the DS so because the DS is wireless they're
gonna be doing this so according this is according to retail sources now Nintendo
has announced this in Japan no release dates nothing yet but I logically I
I would say if this game comes out in Japan, it's only a matter of time before it's out
in the U.S. Probably something we'll see by year's end. Who knows?
Something we'll see in 83, probably. Who knows?
April Fools was this past week, and of course a lot of websites rolled out their own haha
funny stuff. Not that we would ever do this. We didn't participate at all.
No, we don't believe in April Fools Day. We didn't do anything on the site, nothing
in LiveJournal. Absolutely nothing. We would never, you know,
make up stories about being bought or anything like that. We'd never do that. We're bigger
we ever sell out yeah exactly we would never sell out here's some popular April
Fool's jokes you might have seen these are all jokes by the way epic games
announcing unreal 3 sorry this was funny a slash dot said that online support for
the PlayStation 2 version of Final Fantasy 11 is gonna be discontinued just
to piss off the people who spent $99 that's beautiful and actually that
would be a dream come true world of Warcraft is going to incorporate and
And this was announced on World of Warcraft site, they are incorporating slash panda,
so you can get deliveries from Pandaren Express, and it comes delivered to you with a guy dressed
in costume.
This is an April Fools joke mind you, not a reality, but the pictures were so cute because
it actually had a little panda in the game, so cute.
Let's see, also other stories that were going on, we had OC Remix announcing a partnership
with EA, and uh, let's see, Computer and Video Games announcing that Shrek 2 characters will
be in the GameCube release of Soulcalibur 3.
Hahahaha.
Barf.
That would be hilarious.
But this was a really...
I play this the dragon.
What I thought was really funny is something that GameSpot did, they actually ran an article
saying that John Woo had actually bought the rights to the Katamari Damacy movie, and it
was gonna star The Rock as the prince of all cosmos.
That's great.
I would actually pay to see that.
So I'm going to bestow the winner to the best April Fools prank on GameSpot for the Katamari
Damacy starring The Rock.
Other really crappy nominations would go to Alakazam for saying that Final Fantasy XI
and World of Warcraft merged, which fooled no one.
And um, yeah.
Slashdot really sucked because they had a ton of, all the articles on April 1st were
all fake, so.
That's too bad.
checked game facts.com because they do something every year like one year they
did this is a few years ago they did Xbox that's the one I remember that they
got bought by Microsoft or something I don't I think somebody was telling me
all the mods got but all the mods banned themselves or something but if you're
not a member of the community you may not have seen it I don't know so we'll
see anyway um orange launch radio we're not just here to talk about video games
all the time because if you live eat breathe sleep video games you're never
to get out of the damn house. You're never going to get laid. No. So we're here also
to give you advice on how to better your life. And who better than I believe you could be
Daruk Sakura, the only podcast video game female. I could be wrong, but you may be.
So she's here to give you her little bit of advice. So what is the advice you're going
to give tonight? Today's bit of advice is how to survive a nuclear explosion. In the
In the event of a nuclear war or explosion, get to a safe shelter as quickly as possible and remain inside for four to six days after the last explosion.
An underground shelter covered by one meter or more of earth will provide the best protection against nuclear explosion and fallout radiation.
If you must submerge, limit your surface exposure to no more than 30 minutes a day for 13 days following the explosion.
If you have been exposed to radiation immediately, wash your body thoroughly with soap and water.
This will remove most of the radiation particles, but not all.
Water can be safely obtained from underground sources, springs and wells for example,
that undergo natural filtration, or from pipes in houses or stores.
Healthy looking wild animals are a safe food source if other food sources are not available.
Avoid any meat close to the bones and joints.
An animal skeleton holds more than 90% of the radioactivity.
Any last pieces of advice?
Yeah, don't live in Iraq!
Alright, moving on.
We talked briefly about an April Fool's joke that involves Soul Calibur 3.
Well, here's something that's not a joke. Some recent details being announced on Soul Calibur 3.
Interview with the game's producer revealed on the official Japanese Soul Calibur 3 site, some official things revealed.
They will not be doing guest characters on PlayStation 2, although they have received offers.
As soon as they've received offers, but the policy is, we don't do the same thing twice.
Crash Bandicoot?
Please no, please no.
God no.
I like the idea of having the prince of all cosmos, you know, just roll people over.
What about Sonic?
Nope, not gonna happen, sorry.
There's already Sonic fighters.
Here's the other bummer, a lot of people had their hopes up about this but it was
confirmed by the games producer
no online play. You can go online, the PS2?
Who'd have thunk it? The official reason here, at the current time the online
infrastructure is extremely different between countries
and there's people that can't enjoy network gaming. We've decided to
concentrate on improving the game's offline content and its characters
so that people all over the world will be able to have fun.
that was nice of them that well that seems like just kind of a to me it's
more of like a you know
cheap well
we didn't want to do the online thing cuz we want to make offline better one
course well i want to make offline better we've been idea is to do both
really well but whatever
we've been holding off on doing online because we're worried about how tech in
five is going to beat our ass senseless i
i don't know it's all namco
it's all namco either way
They're getting the money.
Who burned?
Got you.
Oh no.
You just got game served.
Let's see.
Moving on.
Capcom, doing a little bit of ego inflation this week with a press release, talking about
their game sales, talking about their series, how successful their game series are.
What would you think?
Just asking.
Now, you're reading, Loki, so you can't guess, but if you had to guess, what is Capcom's
number one series of all time?
What would you guess?
Dark Sakura.
Street Fighter, Street Fighter is number two with, they're on the sales chart, 24 million
cumulative units over 53 different titles.
Breath of Fire?
Breath of Fire is number, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, number 10 on the list, 13 titles, 3
million units.
Oh, what the fuck else did Capcom do?
Um, Mega Man. Mega Man would be number three on the list. 95 games. Strider! 22.9 million
units. Strider not on the list. Strider is awesome. I'll give you a hint. It was a series
so huge they made movies out of it. Oh, they made Street Fighter movies too, but we don't
deny the existence of that. If you don't get this right, you're going to end up in a Jamie
sandwich resident evil resident evil is the number one okay you know what
remember the dialogue in the first one Joe sandwich don't end up in a Joe
sandwich shut up bury you bitch 26 million units with 38 titles other
titles on the list number four Disney titles various titles number five on
Emusha six devil may cry seven Dino crisis eight ghosts and goblins nine final fight as well may cry
Did I have every final fight game?
That would be all eight titles. There's eight titles. I have okay. Well, you don't need
CD I have mighty final fight. I have final fight guy. That's it. That's Wow having final fight guy
It's one of those stuff. That's those were rare titles
Anyway, yeah. Okay. Anyway, sorry moving on
Doom 3 is coming out this week. You want to pick it up at midnight? Blockbuster.
They have that gaming division called Game Rush. They're gonna be doing a
midnight sale Monday April 4th so by the time some of you guys hear this you may
already have your copy of Doom 3. Remember this is the Xbox version of
course and if you are so lucky as to live near the Game Rush on Hillcrest
Avenue in Dallas there will actually be some folks from ID Software there in
person to you know give autographs because I guess they're famous but not
as famous as we are you know internet celebrities you know what I heard what
and this is not an April Fool's joke it's about games you know coming out and
stuff take two they have the rights now to Duke Nukem forever it's supposed to
be coming out to 2006 that would be something else to finally see that damn
game too I mean I imagine they'd be able to you know be on top of that stuff we
might actually see this before you know the turn of the next millennia we'll see
we'll see all right couple quick stories to finish out on squeamix we haven't
talked a lot about squeamix tonight of course squeamix or square enix whatever
you want to say we like to call them squeamix is doing a brand new
role-playing game it's code age commanders is the name of this and it's
going to be an action role-playing game set on a futuristic post-apocalyptic
Planet. I love that word. Post-apocalyptic. Aren't they all?
Squeenix doing an RPG? Who would have thought? Seriously.
Game is being produced by Naora Yusuke,
who worked as an artist for many of Squeenix's games, including Final Fantasy X
and Unlimited Saga.
Very, very good Squeenix game and a very, very shitty Squeenix game. I hate the
Saga series.
It's no secret. A bunch of people really like them. I hate it.
Why don't they- Screw other people! Why don't they, I don't know, direct
their attention to maybe I'll say Einhänder 2? No, we need Do Prism 2. Screw that, how
about getting Final Fantasy 12 out in a timely manner? Just some suggestions if any folks
from Squeenix are listening. Let's see, also, by the way, Code Age Commander, 50% complete,
slated for release this year sometime in Japan. Real quick note before we get into our last
story tonight if you have any feedback for us you can reach us via email to go
at orange lounge radio.com and we haven't done a mailbag section a little
while we haven't really gotten any like letters that you folks want read on air
any questions that we can respond to so definitely would like to see some of
those to go all one word to they want their questions answered by us we're
famous thank you for the reminder I forgot I can't let you forget we are
famous we have we have a social responsibility as internet superstars
this is just community service this this program here really mentioning to go
makes me want a sandwich togo not that not togo it's I think of sauna yes you
want a sauna which ha ha ha lastly speaking of speaking of Konami because
we're talking about some of their artists there with togo and sauna from
the beat mania series and various other Bahmani series Konami is going to be
releasing mobile games in China so but this is the interesting thing they're
gonna be releasing 30 games annually they say starting with three classic
1980s titles at 2 Yuan per download by the way that equivolates to 24 cents 24
cents Contra Antarctic adventure and life force life force and Contra why
don't we get anything this cool in the u.s. that's what I want to know technology
is like a million years better in Asia I just spent five dollars on a brand new
download that sprint had to sprints my cell phone company they have a they have
downloads for games too and they sometimes have retro titles there the
games off of my cell phone because they sucked well I downloaded impossible
mission who knew they poured it impossible mission to cell phones I was
like oh my gosh that's the coolest thing ever was like the best Commodore 64 game
Cool. On the cell phone. Sucks. Balls. Yeah, waste of money. We need Oregon Trail for cell
phone. Just like, um. Just so people can die of, you know, die of, what did people die
of in that game? Die of death. Of, uh, sorry, I don't know. You caught diphtheria. Diphtheria!
Thank you. Anyway, it's trying to remember why people die, yes. Um, I don't know if anyone's
seen. Holes ate you. Have they, have you seen the, um, commercial for Jamster where they're
selling these was it it was a rainbow six for the cell phone crap no I don't
pay attention to Jamster let's just say they're not me well let me just put this
way I paid five dollars for goddamn worms okay remember that game worms
awesome game this is not worms this is a really crappy ripoff that looks like
worms and it doesn't play well it has only one level no customization it's
crap cell phone games are crap that's why seriously could also games in
in America are crap. Yeah, seriously, what do we get, cage? Ooh, I'd rather play life
force. In Japan they have freakin' Gradius on the damn cell phone. Seriously, with all
this cell phone competition going on in the United States right now, too, you know, everybody's
buying each other out, Sprint, Nextel, Singular, ATT, all this competition that T-Mobile's
coming up to, will somebody just bring the cool shit over here from the other companies?
I will buy, I will sign up with you guys so quick if I could get life force on my phone.
If I go to Japan and buy a Keitai and it freaking works in the States, if my sim will work on
it...
I don't think it will, but...
I'm still wanting to get one, because you can get cell phones dirt cheap.
Alright, that's going to do it for this edition of the podcast, let's go around and see what
everybody's final thoughts are, starting off with Loki.
My final thought is, I hope I get paid soon because I need more games.
My final thought is, D.S.
Good game.
Now.
Dark Sakura.
Reject false icons.
Thank you for subscribing to us.
We will see you next time on the Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition.
Thanks for subscribing to our podcast.
The Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition is a proud part of www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next update!
