Orange Lounge Radio To Go edition week of April 11th, 2005.
You're tuned in to the Orange Lounge Radio To Go edition.
Your podcast calls for all the latest video game news and gamer chat.
Now, here are your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky, and Loki.
Yes, that's right.
A little new sound there, a little bit of a new intro there.
The Orange Lounge Radio To Go edition.
I know we changed things up a little bit around here.
My name is Rob Roberts, you might know me as Sky. Joining me as always, my awesome co-host
here with me to talk about video games that don't suck. Say hello to
Jamie, also known as DarkSakura. There's plenty of games out there that suck.
Avoid them, please. Please, we beg you to. Don't give them any more money.
And also with us, as always, say hello to Loki.
Hi, I'm here again. Yes, you are. Yes.
All right, so you notice we kind of changed things a little bit there in the
intro you know I'm sure as a lot of you have noticed we haven't been talking a
whole lot about rhythm and music games here on the podcast so we kind of
thought we'd refocus ourselves a little bit and you know tell you guys what we're
really all about and that's just kind of general video gaming what gamers really
want to know about so now if you're a DDR fan you know don't get upset because
we're still going to talk about rhythm and music games plenty on this show when
we find out you know that a lot of stuff is going on new stuff in the world we
We will bring it to you as soon as we find out, but for now, we're going to talk about
other types of video games.
For instance, the types of games we've been playing this week.
Start off with Dark Sakura.
How's your gaming week been?
Um, other than the typical, you know, widescreen pong, not much, really.
I don't know.
I play with my new phone a bit, my new phone that angers me so much.
Like cell phone gaming?
No, I don't, I usually delete all the stupid games off of my cell phone.
Have you seen some of those games you can download on the cell phone, though?
I have Bejeweled on my phone.
And I know we were talking about this a little bit last week.
Remember we were talking about in the last podcast about the Chinese cell phone games
that you can get that are just like, you can get Life Force?
You can get them in Japan.
Yeah.
Like, I want that Final Fantasy VII game.
Heck yeah.
The Turks game.
Heck yeah.
But, you know, the best thing we get, you know, I have Impossible Mission, which was,
don't get me wrong, one of the greatest Commodore 64 games of all time, but it sucks on the
cell phone.
You can't even see the room.
They do have Gradius for the US phone, I found out, but it's not for anything I think that
we have and they shoot there was a game that I was thinking when you said
impossible mission I think they should put incredible crisis that'd be cool I
don't have all the music on there though but who knows what technology is so any
other games that's it just cell phones that's really it all right fair enough
Loki what do you been up to I've been playing my PSP then what I do I was
Was mainly playing Wipeout Pure only because my boss was borrowing the Twisted Metal head
on because he doesn't have any games for his so I felt bad for him so I loaned him that
for a few days.
So I've been playing Wipeout Pure and it's pretty fun.
I actually hated Wipeout and I don't know, it's nice right now while I have one game.
I'm getting more games coming down on Monday so I'll have Luminous and Ridge Racer finally
and then 512 megabyte memory sticks so I can put all my pirated episodes of Robot Chicken
on there. That's my favorite. Then the other game I got was Zookeeper for the DS and I
can see why I didn't get it before because it's kind of annoying. Like I actually had
to turn the background music off on it because it was that annoying. Just repeated like every
five seconds and it's just awful. Now I've been checking out Zookeeper too since you
picked it up which basically zookeepers just bejeweled on the DS like one minor
change that's the animal theme and that's about it so it's basically bejeweled
doesn't it feel like one of those games that was really rushed to come out just
because there are no other games out on the DS so yeah people would buy it yes
exactly it's what it is because there's like no depth to it it's just like ooh
it's a game I can pick up play for a little bit and I'm done actually I
honestly I got it for my fiance because she wanted a game that she can
play that's easy so I see how it is so I got her that so she'd stop bitching so
yeah it's been that that in Final Fantasy 11 of course and played a little
Katamari Damacy today just it just because I was listening to the
soundtrack and it's like oh okay I'll play that again because you know they're
working on all well they announced you know obviously the release date for
Katamari Damacy 2 in Japan in Japan yeah but I'm sure it'll make its way over
over here. Damn well better. And so I just had to play it just for fun. So I did that.
Right on. Yeah. My gaming week, I was also playing the zookeeper on the DS and I was
kind of meh. I think I played it for about five minutes and I was like I've played this
game before. Bejeweled 2 is cooler than zookeeper. Why don't they put Bejeweled 2 on the DS?
At least you got like the super jewels and things like that. And it's got like a better
theme where a zookeeper gets eh eh eh. You know the bleeps and bloops. It sounds like
Atari 2600. It's hella annoying. The other game I got to check out this week, thanks
to Loki actually, managed to snag me a copy of Doom 3 on the Xbox, which, you know, I
have to admit, I wasn't really interested in Doom 3 at all. I mean, I guess it's hard
because I really liked Doom and Doom 2 when they were out years ago. You remember how
they were like the first, like, first person games? They were kind of like this sequel
to Wolfenstein in a way, in a way, not really, but they were kind of like the next evolution
It was Wolfenstein with ramps. Well, not really ramps, actually.
Well, and then multiplayer, which was really cool.
Well, you remember, like, if you ever created your own maps in Wolfenstein, it's very 2D.
Wolfenstein is really, it's like you take a 2D level and you put yourself in it.
I remember doing that.
But Doom was very 3D. That's where it was coming from.
And it had the Wolfenstein level.
It did. It did.
It had to do the level skip code, but you could get there. I believe it was level 40-something?
It was one of the levels that was actually Wolfenstein was actually in Doom, it was cool.
But I don't know, for some reason now I'm kind of jaded by this over amount of first
person shooters and I'm kind of like, sure I'll play Halo once in a while because it's
a good game, but I don't get into a whole lot of others.
So I have to admit I was kind of like, it seems a little late for Doom 3, I'm not that
excited about it, but I was actually pleasantly surprised with Doom 3.
It's quite more to it than I thought.
It's not like the other Dooms where you just jump in, start shooting.
Even Halo's a lot like that.
Sure, Halo has its big cinematic opening, but it's kind of really just jump in, start
shooting.
But Halo also has, Halo 2 anyway, has where you can take the vehicles and completely abandon
the game and fly around and go places you're not supposed to go.
There's plenty of differences between Halo 2 and Doom 3.
I'm not going to try and compare the two, but I'm just kind of, you know, I think a
lot of times because they're first person shooters, we kind of inadvertently compare
them.
it wasn't just jump in and go, it was kind of like a, you know, move around, talk to
people, almost like a quest in the beginning, and then you start killing things and zombies
and stuff, and it gets really scary too.
Like I remember the way you would get scared with Doom 2 is that, you know, you'd have
to play with all the lights off, and then with the headphones on, and like the pixelated
monster jumps out from behind you, but now with Doom 3, it's really scary, there's like
bodies hanging from ceilings and zombies that jump up from the floor and stuff, it's pretty
freaky.
I need to see this.
I really do.
I'm going to have to show this to you.
It's pretty cool.
Wasn't it on PC as well?
Yes.
It actually started on PC, but Xbox has...
I think I have it somewhere hanging around my house.
The cool thing about Doom 3 on Xbox is it has the Xbox Live stuff in it, although I
don't know anybody else with the game, so I can't play anybody yet.
And yeah, and they'll see the other thing is that it runs on your console without having
to buy a new graphics card, new processor...
Exactly.
It's built for the Xbox.
And it actually looks pretty damn good.
One thing I really like about Doom 3 is that it's got an incredible detail level.
Like when you want to look at the access panel to a door, okay in most games it's just like
a little green light or a red light and it turns green, but like in this one you can
actually walk up to it and then zoom in and it seamlessly is zooming in and you actually
can see like a number pad that you have to punch in an access code to get through the
door.
It's crazy.
Pretty insane.
Yeah.
it anyway so that's pretty much my game
well that and there's like these panels
that you walk around that like have
video playing it's like an actual like
video talking about the whole facility
that welcome to Mars and don't get
killed welcome to recall alright let's
start off with some gaming news tonight
I'll actually talk about another game
that's on its way towards Xbox this is
an update for an old classic comic strip
and this was a game of one time as well
I remember this one you remember spy
versus Spy. Oh my god I have Spy vs. Spy comics in my bathroom. Exactly you had
Mad Magazine right and then it you know spun off but it was an old-school
Commodore 64 game too. It came out on the NES. Yeah it was on the NES as well I remember there were like
three versions on the Commodore it was an awesome game. Well now it's out on the Xbox and of
course Spy vs. Spy being based on the comic slapstick humor and all that you
get the white spy versus the black spy so in the game you are going to become a
spy obviously and you attempt to outwit up to three opponents so I don't know
how that really works blue spy red spy I guess I don't know you go across the
game's 12 levels there's weapons booby traps and gadgets it's kind of sounds
very similar to the other one the other cool thing about spy versus spy though
and I always like it when game companies do this it's a 1999 title so they're
starting this off as a budget and there's a reason why it's 1999 cuz you
get what you pay for people. Hey we paid $19.99 for Katamari Damacy. That's right. Yeah that's
right but you know what that was one of those exceptions to the rule okay. I thought Technic
Beat which came out the same time was very cool as well. Maybe a $29 game. Come on Rup
this is Spy vs Spy. Spy vs Spy for the NES suck. I have a fond place in my heart for
the Spy vs Spy Commodore games because I was a kid when those were out and it was great.
Horrible reviews. I don't even think anyone actually wanted to review this game. Well
I'll tell you though well here's the thing that might make you go kind of
maybe this is a crappy game don't know yet though PlayStation 2 version got
canceled they decide not to do it seems very interesting yeah I think I would
have to get spy versus by just because yeah I know it's gonna be the just
because factor and that not get it for 30% off someone should send me a free
one I like that idea I'll just get it for cheap if you have a free copy spy
versus spy you want to send us to go t-o-g-o at orange launch radio.com in
fact you could really write us about anything well we'll read whatever emails
you got to send us um let's talk old-school consoles for a minute I
think this is really cool this story it talks about the Atari 2600 can you
believe there's still new Atari 2600 news after all these years hey people
are still making ROMs for the 2600 well you got it here it is retro redo it was
a 24-hour video game programming contest held last weekend in New York and so
there were nine teams that were doing this and they were all making new games
and they were given away these awards for the best visuals, most innovative, the
best sound. You want to know the name of the game that won it all? Do tell. Ninja
Garden. What? Ninja Garden. Okay. This is the game that won it all but here's the
cool thing as a prize you know how they have those Atari flashback consoles now
I've seen that.
It's like 50 bucks!
But, okay, whatever.
The prize is, is that this game, Ninja Garden, is going to be included in the next version
of that.
Huh, pretty cool.
It's kind of the, you know, new, secret game.
Truth be told, people, you could actually probably pull a chip out of one of those that
actually flash any ROMs you want on there, but whatever.
that we encourage you to break your warranty and do that.
Oh, come on, a warranty on a $20 item.
Woo, got to replace that one.
Are they releasing that thing with the wood paneling?
No, it's not.
You know it's not the old wood panel style
we had way back in the day.
It's the kind that I have.
It's a cheap, cheap plastic.
The third release one, right?
Exactly.
Well, I don't even know if it exactly
looks like one of those, but.
From old system to very new system, PSP, a lot of folks
were saying, oh, it sold great.
the best system ever in sales and some people were saying at disappointing well
the first week sales figures are out now and the PSP sold six hundred thousand
units in its first week you know what that oh yeah you know what that equates
to about a hundred and fifty million dollars good then so you'll be able to
pay that ninety million dollars off yeah we'll see we'll see about that one all
Alright, also in other handheld gaming news, Nintendo's got this DS, you might have heard
of this new game on the way for the DS, it's called Electroplankton, I've never heard about
this at all.
They have like, I thought there was like a website for this or something, yeah they do
have a website out there for it, but it's kind of like a, it's one of those things they're
saying it's not really a game, but it's one of those like music type drawing and you get
the music beats, and I don't really know how to describe this until I play it, but I know
it's getting a lot of buzz around it.
But they're doing an interesting promotion here, Nintendo is.
What they're going to be doing, they're actually going to have an aquarium exhibition hall
at this Tokyo show from April 8th to 14th.
Entrance is free, and you get to see the whole thing.
And the cool thing about this is Nintendo's going to be giving away only 10 limited edition
electroplankton ds units should be interesting
and by the looks of it I am it pretty much looks exactly like a normal ds
except there's this whole sticker on it
it might be an engraving though you know engraving whatever it
at sliding but anyways it's just
it's actually actually what that is it is an engraving it's the original
electroplankton artwork
so whoever's gonna get that they're gonna put it on friggin eBay it's gonna sell
for a lot
Yeah, we'll see, we'll see. Speaking of Nintendo,
you know how we have in San Francisco, now we, you know, we based our show out of
Sacramento, so San Francisco's just a drive up the road,
and in San Francisco they have the official Sony PlayStation Store at the
Sony Metron. You've been there before, right?
Yeah. It's fun, huh? It's a big geek place. Oh yeah. The whole Metron is just geek central.
It's cool. And with overpriced games. And overpriced food. But still, it's fun,
you know. Well, if you're on the other coast,
there's a gaming company that's going to be doing something similar for you guys.
in New York City, Rockefeller Center will soon be home to the Nintendo World Store,
a two story complex, Mario, Zelda, Nintendo, you think of it, also the location will host
the brand-new Pokemon Center joy joy joy can we like leave our kids there put
them in pokeball just like people are gonna do that anyway you know it's gonna
happen I'm really surprised doing it in Seattle since the Nintendo headquarters
is just north of Tacoma that is kind of surprising to me but you know it's fun
to try stuff on the other coast too I mean we get spoiled here on the west
coast sometimes with all these technology things so you know I grew up
in Alabama I'm not complaining I was gonna say you know it's also over well
not exactly on the East Coast with the West Coast by the you know Microsoft you
know they've got to have their you know yeah so this is thing okay if Sony has
chosen San Francisco and Nintendo has chosen New York where's Microsoft gonna
go hopefully Alaska no I'm kidding I'm kidding the South Pole probably LA who
knows we'll see now Jamie I know you're a big fan of Namco the company right why
are you such a fan of Namco I worked for them oh so you saw a lot of company
loyalty I had the coolest uniform shirt ever it was red and black and had
Pac-Man on it. What's the coolest thing about Namco? Anything Tekken related.
Alright, well what's actually coming out on the PlayStation 2 is NAMM collection.
They've actually pushed this back though. It's gonna come out in Japan on June 2nd
but it actually got pushed back a little bit. What is the NAMM collection? It's gonna
be five classic PlayStation games. It's gonna be Ridge Racer, Ace Combat 2,
The compilation is also going to have a gallery mode and movies with tips and tricks on how
to get through the game.
You remember on the old Playstation they had the NAMCO, it sounds like they are doing that
all over again but now for the newer games because Playstation, believe it or not, is
getting to be like 10 years old it's kind of sad you know this sounds like a
desperate attempt at money well isn't isn't everything come on if you want to
play Tekken go buy Tekken 5 I mean because you have no Tekken in there
that's true but it's just like okay it's like how Nintendo released those retro
games that are available on the advance and one of the games you can buy is
Metroid but hello spend ten more dollars and you could get Metroid zero mission
to talk about games all the time because you know if we talked about games all
the time we'd have no time to go clubbing so what we're here to do as
well is we're here to better your life and who better to give you some advice
on how to better your life than our very own dark Sakura with her advice column
and Jamie what are you gonna tell the kids about tonight well this one I think
think is very, very useful. One that everybody needs to know.
And what's this? How to treat a bullet or knife wound.
Ah, okay. Because you know, it always happens when you get in one of those heated,
soul-calor battles where someone ends up getting cut in the end.
So this is good to know. Well, you ready?
Of course. Number one, do not immediately pull out any impaled objects.
The object may be pressed against an artery or other vital internal structure and may actually be helping to reduce the bleeding.
Now I know why that doesn't happen precisely. I learned something today. Anyway, sorry number two
Control the bleeding by using a combination of direct pressure limb elevation pressure points and tourniquets in that order
three and mobilize the injured area using splints and dressings to immobilize an injured area helps protect the
From further injury and maintain clots that have begun to form for dress the wound and strive to prevent infection
infection doesn't say how. That means dump a bottle of vodka on their legs. Um, five,
get medical attention as soon as possible. But of course, you know what I always say
in the end? Yes? Don't get shot, stupid duck! Thank you very much for that lovely piece
of advice. Well, it's, people, if bullets are flying, freaking hide. If somebody runs
a gun, or if somebody pulls a gun, you run, like a little bitch. Exactly. Of course, you
usually end up getting shot in the back.
You won't care!
Be careful.
Speaking of getting shot, you remember how the Godfather, the movie, had a game come
out pretty recently?
They made, like, the Godfather game.
Well, did you know that the Godfather game did not have everybody's blessing in coming
out?
In fact, some people are quite irritated about this game coming out.
You know who one of the folks is that's pretty irritated about it?
Francis Ford Coppola, who made the damn movies, is not happy about this.
So he's expressed his displeasure with Paramount Pictures because they ended up selling the
rights out.
He's actually going to talk about this on an AMC show called Sunday Morning Shootout.
This is what he says, I knew nothing about it.
They never asked me if I thought it was a good idea.
They use the characters, everyone knows, and then for the next hour they shoot and kill
each other.
I had absolutely nothing to do with this game, and I disapprove.
Well yeah, that's why they didn't tell you about it, because it's going to suck.
Like you'd actually approve that.
That's the whole point, I mean, it's never going to work out.
But hey, that's alright, we'll have a nice Grand Theft Auto clone.
Phantasy Star.
Some of you guys have played this out there, I know you used to play this a while ago,
Sakura I've played it on and off it seems like I can never keep going with
Phantasy Star online enough to go past like level 10 or 11 but maybe I'll get
my chance when Phantasy Star universe comes out because it did just get
confirmed for the US and it's gonna be out spring of 2006 it's gonna be out on
the PC and the PlayStation 2 notice not Xbox not GameCube at least initially so
you know you might have been wondering if this game was gonna come over but it
definitely is of course this is being developed by Sega and it's only gonna be
out though on the PlayStation 2 and the PC so hopefully it will have nothing to
do with Phantasy Star Online volume 3 which was like the card game which was
the suck hopefully it'll go back to the regular one we need blue burst the
single-player campaign is expected to clock in at roughly 40 hours of play
with three planets to explore and new enemies to fight gamers no longer have
to go around on foot because there's actually gonna be vehicles in the game
and of course there's going to be the online mode of course has to be you know
I never really got into the old-school fantasy star games I really wish I had
because I'm curious does fantasy star online actually have anything in common
with the old older fantasy stars there's some things but there's like the the
newman class or race there's the meseta is all the currency.
So, some little things.
It's got some things, yeah.
But you know they released the Sega Ages collection in the states, right?
Oh, really?
And it had the fantasy star.
You know the one that I brought over that was all the Japanese?
Yeah, I remember that.
It was the Fantasy Zone you brought over, right?
our fantasy zone is Space Harrier but we also have a fantasy star.
Oh very cool and they have this in the US now? Yeah. I was not aware. But it's like a collection now that
you can get for like 30 bucks.
Very cool. Instead of how I had to buy them which was all separate
for the sake of ages. So you can get like fantasy, you can get it all on one disc?
Pretty much. But you don't have to pick this up. Yeah. Dang. Very cool.
Well from one role-playing series to another we have
Final Fantasy VII Advent Children and
you know there was actually a little bit a question is this going to come out in
the US are we gonna have to import it what's going on well
it's definitely coming out in the US because they have launched the North
American website for Final Fantasy 7 Advent Children it's
na.square-enix.com
DVD slash FF7
AC so it's coming out you can actually download the US trailer on here
and it's definitely going to be coming out here's the interesting thing
not just out on DVD but also will be coming out
UMD. UMD, yep. Very interesting.
Also announced, I'm not sure if you're gonna cover this, but... Go for it.
Crysis Corps, which is another, it's gonna be a PSP
game that's gonna be tying in with the whole, I forget what they're calling it,
like the whole series of Final Fantasy VII stuff. Very cool. Is that the one with Vincent?
No, that's something else. There's so many of them now, it's like
For forever, people were saying, you know, oh there needs to be a sequel to Final Fantasy VII.
Oh, there needs to be. And now suddenly, it's like, we're getting too many.
I can't keep track of them all.
Alright, so hopefully soon we'll be seeing this. Of course,
not going to have a theatrical release. It's only going to be a DVD and UMD release.
But, what is interesting about this is that they actually announced in Japan,
Squeenix announced that they're going to be doing a special limited edition version.
of course that's the way to go you know you release the regular one in the
release a special edition for 20 bucks more course they haven't really said
what's going to be in this special edition it's just
bonus merchandise not available in the normal edition
so wow how I don't know specific yeah
hopefully we'll get more details on that in the next few weeks
and lastly tonight I thought we could close on a story
funny enough even though I said we're not going to be putting the rhythm music
games in our podcast intro anymore, because we talk about all sorts of other stuff. I
actually have a DDR story to talk about at the end here. Isn't that ironic?
A little too ironic. It's like rain. Okay. West Virginia, they've
got the Public Employees Insurance Agency. What they're doing, they've recruited 85 children
to take part in a study aimed at reducing costs associated with covering obesity claims
for its clients. What the study is doing is it's using DDR and it's trying to see
if there's a possibility to encourage weight loss via DDR at an early age.
Interesting. PEIA health promotions manager Nydia Henderson says
today's kids are tomorrow's members. Obesity claims last year cost us 77
million. We have to curtail these costs. The study is budgeted at $60,000 and hey
guess what if you're one of the 85 fat kids in this program you get a free copy
of a game system DDR and a DDR dance pad all complimentary for this but as a
trade-off if you're in the six-month program you will have to play the game
for a certain amount of time every day and you have to wear a meter and do all
these reports and stuff as well and you also have to sell your soul just you
know small text there to the Konami gods the insurance agency is also going to be
using $10,000 to try the game out at 20 public schools very interesting all this
DDR news about how you know it's just taken off out there and people use it
for all these weight loss things and yet still no new arcade mix still not
happening oh darn I think they're just forgetting something aren't they yeah
it's just like something something's forgotten it seems like that whole fan
base that helped DDR get big in the first place just suddenly you know
forgotten oh well we do get the whole mixes with the eye toy and all that yeah
but you know no new arcade things for you and your arcade makes it get me
totally back in the arcade I'll be there in a heartbeat especially if it was by
the folks that did ultra mix 2 which is by far the best DDR home release they've
done in my opinion but what do I know I'm just some dumb podcast guy on the
internet so from all us dumb internet celebrities from all us internet
celebrity podcasters to you guys that's gonna do it for another episode of
Orange Launch Radio to go.
DarkSakura, your closing thought for us tonight.
If you can't be an athlete, be an athletic supporter.
Loki.
I know there was something here.
I was trying to find the goddamn website.
Supposedly there's an ARG, Alternate Reality Gaming, a viral campaign for the XBox 2, 360,
whatever the hell they're calling it.
I thought it was called Colonies, because I actually looked at it at work.
I've heard about this, but basically it's turning into a giant penis-waving competition
because PlayStation 3 bumped up their showing of the console to beat Xbox and Nintendo at
E3.
It's just, and now Xbox signed up with a marketing campaign.
It's just, they're all trying to one-up each other.
We'll see what happens.
Yeah.
All right.
Anyways.
And my final thought is the Froger contains potassium benzoate.
Special.
All right.
Alright, that's going to do it. See you guys next time here on the Orange Lounge Radio To Go edition.
That's the end of another Orange Lounge Radio To Go edition.
This podcast is a proud part of www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next update!
