Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition week of April 25th, 2005.
You're tuned in to the Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition,
your podcast home for all the latest video game news and gamer chat.
Now, here are your hosts, DarkSakura, Skye and Logan.
Hello, good morning, afternoon or evening to you, whatever the case may be.
That's kind of the neat thing about podcasts is that you can listen to them whenever you feel like it.
Well, you are listening to the Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition,
your home for gamer chat and what gamers really want to know when you talk about games that don't suck.
A couple that do sometimes.
My name is Rob Roberts. You might know me as Skye.
Joining me as always, my awesome co-hosts.
Say hello to Jamie Summers, also known as DarkSakura.
Woo!
Woo!
Exciting. Exciting day, isn't it?
Old.
Also with us, say hello to Loki.
Hello.
Hi, how you doing?
I'm good.
Alright.
This is an interesting show because we're actually taping earlier in the week than we usually do.
We usually tape these podcasts on Sunday nights, but actually we're on Friday night right now.
This is the very last thing that we're recording in the old studio, so it should be very interesting.
It's kind of freaky right now because the walls are bare and pretty much all that's left is DarkSakura's chair and all the microphones.
I'm actually packing during the show.
It's amazing.
Yes, we're being evicted as we speak. No.
I'm maintaining my current position.
The same position I always keep during the show, which is in this big comfy green thing.
In your big comfy green chair.
Yeah.
Alright. Anyway, let's start off talking about our own gaming week and then we'll get into some gaming news.
We've got a lot of interesting news tonight.
Starting off though, how was your gaming week?
What kind of games have you been playing this week, DarkSakura?
I finally played Luminous.
Ooh, what'd you think?
It was pretty fun. I like the music.
I did the single player mode, which I got to level 13 on.
Because you start off picking your skin, so that's all I did.
So you didn't play the mode where you progressed through the different skins, you just stuck with one.
Yeah, I picked one skin and got to level 13.
That's cool.
Now, I'll tell you, the weird thing about Luminous when you're playing that skin mode the first time where you're going through the different skins is you kind of don't expect it.
So you're playing and then suddenly all the colors change and you're like, what the hell did I do? What did I do? Why is everything changing color?
It's kind of freaky.
It does sound pretty freaky.
Yeah.
Apart from that, it was more widescreen pong and not a lot much else.
The usual webby games.
Yeah, I avoided the jeep simulator again because it really made me motion sick.
Is it just me or are we kind of a little bit of a dry spell right now?
I mean, sure, there's some games, but we're kind of in a dry spell right now until E3. That's going to be like the big boom.
I'm pissed off because Dan traded my copy of Dark Stalkers for stupid Midnight Club.
What's Midnight Club? I don't even know.
Racing.
Dub edition. I think that's one of those games we don't talk about on the show usually.
The last Midnight Club that I played, I cheated the hell out of it and we basically got this jet car type thing where we're just driving super fast around for no reason.
Well, how was your gaming week since we're on you anyway?
Ridge Racer. PSP. That is it.
Yeah, because you're in the middle of moving right now, so you're probably like me because when you hear about how my gaming week was, it's very similar.
No consoles this week really.
I played Final Fantasy for all of one minute to log in to get the update and then, well obviously I didn't take a minute, but you know, logged in, said hi, and then logged out and that was it.
And just now that Comcast is down, I can't play my online game.
No, so I've been playing a lot of PSP because I bring my PSP to work in my Tashi case, so it looks like I have a briefcase walking in, but it's actually my PSP.
And then I play that during breaks and during lunch and whatnot.
And so I've been playing a race here, race there, unlocking cars as I go along, and I'm actually pretty good at the game.
I kind of have fishtail every now and then, but I'm getting the drifting down pretty good.
Apparently I drift a lot because that's how you get the nitros in the game, so I get a lot of nitros.
It's pretty cool and I like how they have all the old tracks in it.
Very cool. Have you heard about any new hacks on the PSP lately?
What isn't there? Let's see, there's the hack where you can control your iTunes with your PSP.
Oh, I read about that one too, I read about that.
There's the hack where you can control your house with the PSP, assuming you have a wired house, which all of five people have.
How many people our age have wired houses like that?
I want one.
Anyways, want and have are different things though.
PSP Tetris, but it's just online Tetris. All of them revolve around the browser hack and it's just all web applets, so it's really stupid.
Suddenly, sales of Wipeout are incredibly popular.
MSN, or was it, yeah, Microsoft, their messenger is on PSP now, you can do that.
Isn't that ironic?
However, I did see some pretty cool DS hacks that were kind of funny.
There's one where they ported, it's an actual emulator for your DS that emulates the TI-85.
Like the graphing calculator?
Uh-huh, the graphing calculator, and you use the touch screen to push the buttons and everything and it graphs and it's a calculator.
But what I think would be fun is to put the assembly programs for the graphing calculator onto the DS emulator and that's just way too complicated.
You're talking about emulating an emulator, basically.
Uh-huh.
You're crazy.
That would be fun.
But no, those are still coming out right now.
They're supposedly doing this thing on Engadget where they're supposed to be the best DS hack versus the best PSP hack.
The PSP hacks so far have been pretty stupid, to be honest.
I mean, there hasn't been really anything cool.
There's been one that I saw that was kind of neat where you can put an external antenna on your Wi-Fi because I guess there's a little cord inside there that's actually just a Wi-Fi antenna and you can just hook up a new antenna to the outside and extend your range for the Wi-Fi.
But if you want to go crazy, you can do all the word driving stuff where you put a satellite dish attached to it and you can communicate with things thousands of feet away.
Okay, that's a little much. I think you're going a little crazy there, people.
See, today I was locked out of my house for a little bit and I actually almost jumped on my neighbor's network to post online that I was locked out of my house on a live journal or something.
But then my fiancé got there at the key, so I didn't get to.
Alright. My gaming week was kind of very similar to yours because I'm also in the process of moving right now, obviously.
So I don't really have any consoles hooked up right now, which is too bad because I wanted to check out how Halo 2 was going to be after the patches and I wanted to check out the brand new song pack that just came out for DDR UltraMix 2.
What new song pack?
Yeah, there was a new song pack that came out out of nowhere on UltraMix 2.
What songs do they have in that?
Waver-er and Love This Feelin' and I don't know.
Waver-er?
It's like an old school song.
Waver-er's from Silent Hill.
Yeah.
Huh?
Silent Hill 3.
Yeah.
Why don't we talk about this on the normal show?
I totally forgot.
Oh.
I didn't even know what songs that came out. I haven't really been surprised.
Exclusive podcast material.
Exclusive, yeah. You know, it's funny, ever since we made that change to saying we're not going to talk about rhythm and games, rhythm and music games so much on the podcast, it seems to be we get a story every week now.
Oh well.
Yeah, song pack 10's out. Go check it out. A few UltraMix 2 bands.
But okay, so I've been wanting to play consoles, but I really just, you know, everything's in a box. I don't want to, you know, hook it up and play.
So I've been playing DS. Instead of PSP, I've been playing DS.
Mr. Driller. I strangely, for some reason when I first got my DS, I kind of plugged in the Metroid demo and then I went eh and put it away.
I lost my demo.
I put it back in and I'm playing the Metroid demo again. It's pretty cool. I'm looking forward to the full game.
I've lost my demo.
Which is weird. It's weird because I wasn't into Metroid first person on the GameCube, but for some reason on the DS, it doesn't bug me at all.
I don't know if it's just because the controls are different.
It hurts the hell out of my hand.
Weird. I don't know.
My hand cramps up from playing that game. It's just because you have to hold it all weird and stuff.
Yeah.
I just don't like it.
Alright, let's get into some gaming news, shall we?
Actually, I think what we'll do is start off with a Nintendo story.
It's actually a follow up to something we were talking about a few weeks ago on a previous podcast.
Do you remember how I mentioned that an official Nintendo store is going to be opening up in New York City?
Yeah.
Alright, well they set a date for that. It's going to be opening on May 14th.
And as a reminder, that's going to be at Rockefeller Plaza in Midtown Manhattan.
And basically what they're going to be doing, they're going to be having a huge party the opening day and giving away prizes.
So if you're in the New York area, you might want to go check that out.
That's Saturday, May 14th.
And of course, the facility will also be the home of the Pokemon Trading Card Game League.
Okay, that'll keep me away from that.
That and the fact that it's on the other side.
Well, there'll be plenty more to do than just Pokemon. That's just one aspect of it.
You'll walk in, you'll walk into the store, doo doo doo doo, seizure fever! Woo!
Porygon!
Moving on to news, something going on with the PSP.
You know how we've been getting a lot of UMD movies here. It's starting to kind of pick up the format a little bit.
Now, Bokeh, you're somebody who actually works in the distribution industry.
Yeah.
Do you think UMDs are going to catch on?
They say they are.
I think it's stupid, to be honest. I mean, I don't spend my money on fucking buying a portable system to bring games.
Or, you know, if you're buying the games, why do you need the UMDs?
I mean, you're never sitting down long enough to watch a whole freaking movie.
And by the time you do, your battery's spent.
Give me an idea of some new UMDs that are coming out pretty soon.
Like, they have the House of Flying Daggers. They've got Triple X just came out.
There was Kill Bill Volume 1.
That's cool.
Now, that was an exclusive, though. They oversold on that, actually, so we couldn't buy any.
But Kill Bill Volume 1 is out there. Hellboy's coming out, I think.
See, now, what all these movies have in common is they're kind of like action and, you know, very action-oriented and blow-em-up kind of big films, right?
Sort of.
Well, the story I wanted to read for you guys is that actually in Japan, they're going to be getting some new UMD movies.
What kind of American movies do you think are coming out in Japan?
Kill Bill?
Hitch.
Alright, here they are. Here's the movies that are coming out in Japan.
On June 22, Sony Pictures Entertainment is going to be releasing 13 Ghosts.
You remember that movie? Had the chick from American Pie in it? Yeah, exactly.
13 Ghosts, Lock, Stock, and Two Smoking Barrels.
That's a good movie.
And Charlie's Angels.
I'm sorry.
I can see where that would fly.
Now, not the sequel, but the first one. Charlie's Angels, the first one.
The sequel sucked.
Hey, get this. Get this.
You got served.
And that's exactly what I'm saying to the Japanese PSP audience right now with that release.
They're importing American games.
Yeah, isn't that weird?
Because there's games here that aren't out there.
Of course, they have packed picks already on DS.
Yeah, differences.
Eh, eh.
Alright, I just thought I'd share that.
So, if you think the movies we're getting here are a little weird, just remember in Japan, they're getting You Got Served.
I'm still waiting for Smart Bomb to come out.
What's that?
It's a puzzle game for the PSP.
There's a lot of puzzle games coming out.
You got pushed back, though.
It's pretty cool. It's sort of like, uh, I don't really know how to describe it.
It's just a bunch of different puzzles.
Maybe, like, if you slowed down WarioWare and had each puzzle last, like, a little longer.
It's like that.
We are getting so many puzzle games in the different handhelds.
On the PSP, Mercury just came out recently, Luminous, Colon, I might be mispronouncing that, but there's a new game coming out.
That's a puzzle game.
Sticky Balls is another game that's coming out on PSP.
Puzzle game.
Smart Bomb.
And that's the one you just mentioned.
And then on the DS, we're getting Electroplankton, Meteos.
Now, Electroplankton is not really a game.
It's just like, stuff happens.
I'm going to have Electroplankton.
I'm sorry.
I actually, the early reviews I'm reading on it say that it might be a little bit overrated.
It's kind of interesting.
We don't know yet.
I want to, I still want to see it myself.
I played Seaman, okay?
She played Seaman.
I used the American name, thank you.
Moving on.
This was a really big story earlier this week.
This just happened the same day that our podcast went on the net.
I'm kind of sad we didn't hit on it last week, but it's definitely worth mentioning.
If you haven't heard yet, GameStop just bought EB Games early this week.
It was a big announcement that they made to the investors on Monday.
Very interesting.
What do you think this is going to mean for the future?
Basically the reason why they're doing this.
A lot of people see it as GameStop is buying their biggest competitor, but you have to think of it this way.
The biggest competitor, really, is Walmart.
That's their biggest competitor.
So what's happening is that GameStop and EB are kind of teaming up to take on Walmart, which I think is very interesting.
And those very big super vendors, Best Buys and Targets, things like that as well.
What do you think of this?
When evil has purchased the greater evil.
And in other news, service still sucks.
What's interesting, if you take polls, if you go to different internet forums, because every gaming forum is lit up on this topic.
It's like, it depends on the area you live, whether the EB store is better or the GameStop store is better.
And I think somebody was joking on the three hour show this week that it's like the red states and the blue states.
It just depends on your neck of the woods, which store is better.
So people are very, you know, it's almost like half and half.
Yeah.
They both suck.
They really, they both do. I mean, I went to the mall, Arden mall, and they had like, you know, you know, I asked, do you have any PSPs?
No, you're never going to find one.
Yeah.
And went to GameStop, you know, they gave me the same spiel with the Best Buy.
Oh, look, there's a pile of them.
Yeah, they've got them at Dan's store.
There you go.
So I said, fuck you people, you suck.
It's because you went to the mall.
I know, I was over there.
All right. The Nintendo DS.
This is no surprise. What new story?
If I said Nintendo was launching a brand new peripheral, what do you think it is?
Here in the US, finally.
They already had it in Japan.
Is it something that you can buy over and over and over again and still be suckered into buying another?
Yes, yes.
Would it be a new color?
Yes, a new color to the Nintendo DS.
Dude, I want that graphite colored one. That one's cool.
Well, this is the interesting thing. Here in the US, we're only getting the blue one right now.
Yeah.
So, we do have the titanium one as well, but there's going to be the blue one coming out.
People, I just want you to know something.
There's actually a website out there. Now, I don't remember the exact website URL.
Well, what a useful tip this is.
Oh, shut up. Anyways, you know, it's basically you can get your Xbox, your PlayStation 2,
your, you know, DS or your, you know, Game Boy SP or whatever in any color you want.
You don't have to buy from Nintendo. You don't have to wait for them to come out with another color.
Those crappy stickers that you put on?
No. Custom paint jobs.
Oh, gosh. Pimp my DS. Is that what this is?
Dude, maybe I can have camo.
But you can design, you can select which color. Like, for the Xbox and PS2 systems, they come with controllers that match.
But, it's like, seriously, people, you don't have to...
This is something I would be expecting, like, you know, Paris Hilton to buy a system to match her purse or something.
She did buy a PSP.
Oh, shut up.
She probably went and had that gem-crusting done to it, too.
Um, also in June, when the blue DS comes out, Nintendo's gonna be putting out some DS games! Yay!
Some pretty neat ones at that.
Meteos. Meteos is one of them coming out in June.
And Kirby Canvas Curse, which, you know, implies it's gonna be a Kirby game that uses a stylus.
Big surprise, huh?
When are we getting Mario Paint DS?
I don't know. I don't know.
That's what I want.
That would make sense.
Alright, well, there's the game in WarioWare, the mini-game.
Yeah, I know it's not the same.
Yeah, but nothing beats a gelatin game.
The gelatin game is the best.
Alright, Orange Lounge Radio, we're not just here to talk about games, because if we talked about games all day long,
we'd have no time to go terrorize children at the local arcade.
So, we're here to better your life, and what way to better your life than to allow our very own Dark Sakura to give you her advice column?
Oh, joy.
She's enthused about her own column.
What advice do you have for us tonight, Dark Sakura?
I don't think enthused is a word.
Whatever. Way to go, Grammar.
Alright, thank you for that advice column!
We'll just end that segment.
You know what? I have a ferret.
Alright, what's the advice column about tonight?
How to foil a UFO abduction.
Number one, do not panic.
The extraterrestrial biological entity, or EBE, may sense your fear and act rashly.
Two, control your thoughts.
Do not think of anything violent or upsetting.
The EBE may have the ability to read your mind.
Try to avoid mental images of abduction, boarding the saucer, or anal probes.
Such images may encourage you to...
I knew anal probe would come up somewhere in this.
Three, resist verbally.
Firmly tell the EBE to leave you alone.
Four, resist...
No means no!
Resist mentally.
Picture yourself enveloped in a protective shield of white light, or in a safe place.
Telepathic EBEs may get the message.
Five, resist physically.
Physical resistance should only be used as a last resort.
Go for the EBE's eyes if it has any.
You will not know what its other, more sensitive areas are.
But my final advice?
Yes.
Don't live in the Midwest.
Alright, my final advice is, holy shit, if there's a fucking alien coming after you,
honestly, poking in the eye is gonna piss the fucker off.
And if I were the alien, and because basically the aliens would look at us like bugs,
I would throw you across the fucking room, smash you into a wall or something.
I mean, seriously, they could probably just crack you in half, I mean...
Besides, we know that there's no such thing as aliens.
Those are just weather balloons in tinfoil.
Swamp gas.
You got a real potty mouth tonight, you know that?
What's your point?
Moving on.
In fact, I feel like I need to cleanse this with something pure.
So we're gonna talk about a pure story for a minute.
Honestly, if they wanna abduct someone, we have plenty of people in Hollywood that are
completely useless.
Just take them.
We have plenty of people in Washington, D.C. that are completely useless.
Oh!
There you go!
It's one on each coast.
Alright, anyway.
I feel like we need to cleanse Loki's potty mouth with a nice, pure, family-friendly story.
So...
Grand Theft Auto?
No.
Namco, home tech, bought the rights to a very famous comic strip this week.
Any thoughts?
When I say wholesome and pure comic strip, what do you think?
Blondie?
No.
No, they've bought the rights to the Peanuts.
Oh, that's right.
The Charlie Brown gang.
Well, Snoopy's really big and Sanrio has a license for them, you know.
Yeah, well.
Namco home tech announced that they are in agreement with United Media to create and
publish games featuring characters from the Peanuts comic strip and all the other properties
that go with that.
The deal will be good through 2009.
No details revealed yet about any possible games that are coming out, but can you imagine
some of the games that could come out for this?
The Great Pumpkin.
This year, The Great Pumpkin's gonna visit me!
I'm gonna wait here.
What kind of Charlie Brown games would you like to see on a console?
It's your video game, Charlie Brown!
I want to see a football game where Charlie Brown finally gets to stick it to Lucy and
just beat her ass, because you know how she would never let him kick the damn football?
Stick it to Lucy and beat her ass.
That sounds like a whole different game to me.
In fact, that might tie into our next story.
Dark Sakura knows what's coming up.
A very famous website is creating content specifically for viewing on your PSP.
The website?
Playboy.com.
We'll be offering a science fiction themed pictorial of Amy Sue Cooper, who is the Playboy
Cyber Girl of the Year 2005.
Cyber Girl of the Year.
This is content specifically for your PSP.
Two non-nude galleries and a video are gonna be available on Playboy.com.
However, the nude content will only be available exclusively through the Cyber Club program.
Is any nerd out there gonna actually pay for porn?
Come on, there's so much free porn out there that you can simply down-
People had free porn on their PSP the first day.
Exactly, they all need Playboy.
See, this is just like that stupid iPod crap with the iPod picture or whatever the hell it's called.
iPod photo or whatever.
Really, people?
It's just so pointless.
Why do you need to download something you can see on your computer to your PSP?
I mean, they're like, well, we're releasing PSP formatted video.
Yeah, you have to download the video from your computer to your PSP to watch it.
Because sometimes masturbation is not always something you do at the computer.
Don't you want those pictures to go?
No.
I don't know.
If you're into that.
There's better things to download.
Assuming you're into that.
Not that we endorse that.
There's better things to download than your PSP.
Oh, man.
I'm sorry, but first off, folks, I mean, you're gonna have to buy a larger memory card if you're gonna want to do any of this crap to your PSP.
Really, why waste the time?
I mean, honestly, there's free porn out there.
It's all over the damn place.
I mean, you really don't need to look far.
Alright, DarkSakura says our PSP space is better spent on other downloads from the internet. Like what?
Like if you go to fans.gorillas.com on the news link, there is a little phrase there for the most recent update.
It says, for those of you with Sony PSPs, look for a very exclusive Gorillas download in the next 24 hours on this site.
So that means by Saturday, which I don't know when people are gonna listen to this, but Saturday there's going to be...
Maybe a couple days early, so Saturday will have already passed by the time people hear this.
There's downloadable content. I would think that it would be either linked from the news site or from the multimedia link.
So if you're a fan of that music group, the Gorillas, who have a new album coming out soon, yes?
Next month.
Alright, very cool.
Demon Days.
Fangirl. Fangirl.
Hopefully it will not suck like the Def Punk album did or the Prodigy album.
Ah, the tracks I've heard so far are pretty good.
Or the Crystal Method album.
I've heard the entire thing and it's brilliant.
Or the Michael Jackson album.
Hey, it has Dennis Hopper speaking on it. How cool is that?
And that song is freaking awesome.
Dennis Hopper? Dude, that guy's awesome.
See?
He was in a movie called... wait, Dennis Hopper. Yeah, that's the same Dennis Hopper.
He was in a movie called Space Truckers. I actually watched that movie. It was boring.
Hello, gamer chat. Hello.
Dennis Hopper's awesome.
Alright.
Space Truckers.
Moving on, moving back.
Halo 2. A story you guys always love to talk about, so I'll make this quick.
Halo 2 is going to have their brand new maps up on April 25th.
So by the time most of you guys hear this, you'll be able to get this.
Two free maps are going to be available for download.
Containment and Warlock.
Containment is a snow-based level.
Warlock is influenced by the original Halo map, Wizard.
And then you can download two more maps called Turf and Sanctuary.
It's going to be six bucks.
Other maps are going to come on June 28th.
So for those of you guys playing Halo online, this is kind of cool.
This is something, you know, kind of mixed up a little bit.
So between the patch they just rolled out and this, you know, keeps Halo 2 fresh.
So good for them.
Hopefully none of those maps will suck as bad as the Battle Mode maps in the latest Mario Kart game.
Including the wonderful map that was a square.
Another map that was, like, almost a square. Mario shaped square.
And some other crappy ones.
Sorry.
That's alright.
And I hope when their game patches, it patches better than Final Fantasy XI did this week.
Because, oh my gosh.
Crap.
I got so frustrated.
I don't know if it has to do with those Denial of Service attacks that have been going on.
But it took me two days to patch.
It was horrible.
I connected, I started in the morning.
It didn't work.
I logged on later on at, like, 10 p.m.
And it was still backed up there.
I was like, what the hell?
This is retarded.
Finally downloaded, and guess what?
It's more crap that I can't use yet.
Here's something else that's kind of interesting.
Sony Online Entertainment is going to be doing a new service called the Station Exchange.
And this is only rolling out for EverQuest 2.
But what it is, this is very, very controversial.
Because the Station Exchange, this is something officially sanctioned by Sony.
And guess what you do?
You can trade your items for real live money.
So it's basically endorsing trading items for money in-game.
But they want to control it.
Exactly.
They want to control it.
They probably have a way to make a profit on it.
Oh, exactly.
I'm sure there's got to be.
So it's interesting, though.
This is the very first time something like this has happened.
What do you guys think?
Is this, should the company be endorsing this kind of behavior?
They're doing it to combat it, the eBay-type sales.
It's probably not going to do much good, but we'll see.
It'll never work.
Well, the interesting thing is that they want to,
and I think this is kind of clever,
is that they're going to put the people who want to participate in this
on separate servers than the people who don't want to participate in this.
So I think that's kind of interesting.
I don't know if that's going to work, but it's interesting nonetheless.
Interesting is a good word for it, yeah.
I have my issues with games like EverQuest 2 and World of Warcraft
where you have like 90 billion servers out there.
Some of these servers have player kills.
Some of these servers are all-out war.
Some of these servers are fun.
Some of these servers have auction, blah, blah, blah.
It's like really, I mean, stop trying to appease everyone
because there's people going to be pissed off no matter what.
Just make a game that works.
That's one thing I do kind of.
Some of these people are so lazy they need a type of command
to order online pizza.
That's kind of why I kind of like Final Fantasy XI
because it's like who cares if you and the Japanese guy
speak different languages.
You play together and you play nice.
Seriously, it needs to be like that.
Well, back in the days of Ragnarok Online
when I was playing on the Korean servers
and I couldn't talk to anybody because,
oh, I'm sorry, my laptop doesn't handle Korean.
Well, not my laptop, but my keyboard.
I was like, please speak English, please.
And then now you type in emotes and everything.
And then when I was playing on the American server,
well, the international server for a while though,
they have like the every other country server now
and you had to be a bit tolerant
because you'd be dealing with people from all over the world.
Exactly.
And they had really weird food items in that game
being at a Korean game.
Moving on.
Back in the Rock was cool.
Except for all the hell please spelled H-L-P-L-S.
Hell please, port please, P-L-Z.
I hung out with this one priest
who was really kind of pissy about the whole thing.
God, you make it sound like real life.
Okay, who was talking about it?
Yeah, I was hanging out with this priest.
We were questing together.
We were like going out.
We were clubbing and then we walked into a bar.
There was this one person who was following us around the whole time
warped to Alberta or something.
Like Canada?
Yeah, like Canada.
So finally, fine, here, opened a warp
and the person walked in, warped into the haunted place.
Gas time.
Not the haunted place.
Yeah.
Mexico?
Anyway.
No.
Moving on.
If you guys ever have a comment on our show,
we'd love to hear from you guys.
Also, if you have any questions you want to ask us on the podcast,
hey, why not?
Our email address, togo, T-O-G-O at orangeloungeradio.com.
All one word there.
This is our website where you're at at orangeloungeradio.com.
Exactly.
We never get that much mail
and I try to piss them off every week
and no one says they hate mail.
I know.
No one loves us.
I'm really starting to wonder.
And I know people are listening to this show
because I've looked at the stats.
More people listen to this than listen to our live station.
So, we know you're out there.
That's scary.
This is going to be used against me if I run for president.
Oh, that's funny.
People with iPods.
I'm saving one of our best stories here for the end.
New Zelda details.
The new Zelda game that's coming out on the Nintendo GameCube,
which makes all the fanboys squee with glee about this one.
And girls.
Spanish games publication, Jabi Consolas,
has leaked some information about the new Zelda,
or at least, you know, is putting information in their magazine.
They're basically saying that it's going to be a 70-hour game.
That's a long time.
It's supposed to be a world that's even bigger than Ocarina of Time.
Supposedly, it's supposed to be about two or three times larger, in fact.
Very interesting.
And some of the new outfits include Link being, like, a peasant style.
And then they even have some screenshots,
one showing, like, a Triforce that's kind of tattooed or emblazed on his hand.
So, very interesting.
Well, that's because the Triforce was tattooed on his hand.
But just that amount of detail is very, you know, very cool.
And he also becomes a ninja.
Curse you, Trogdor.
I mean, Ganon.
There's some villages that are, like, several zones big as well.
There was another demo where Link battles a horde of monsters
while riding the horse.
You can choose between Link's sword or Link's bow to take down the riders.
So, it's kind of neat.
And the bow no longer has an infinite range.
It only has a limited range on it.
So, interesting.
The Z-targeting is back for the enemies.
They did mention that.
That's awesome.
So, we shall see.
Except now, since GameCube doesn't really have a Z-trigger,
it's now L-targeting.
It's the L button.
Lastly, for you guys tonight,
a story about another GameCube game,
and I know you guys are excited about this.
Namco has announced, for the GameCube,
Hello Kitty Roller Rescue.
Does she show me the 42 pressure points of death?
I don't think so.
However, she will be rendered in full 3D
along with her Sanrio character friends.
In Roller Rescue, Hello Kitty and her friends
must save Sanrio Town from an alien invasion
because the king of the block planet, Blocko,
is going to send troops to Earth to liberate.
Stop. Stop. Hold on a second.
Blocko, wasn't that from Gumby?
I don't know. I don't know.
Those were the block heads.
Whatever. It's all the same.
Hello Kitty will be joined by 20 other Sanrio characters,
including my favorite, that's Maru, and Karopi.
You know, I bet if they're going to be aliens
then we're going to have the twin stars.
This is interesting because if you think about it now,
Namco has Gumby, Popeye, Peanuts, and Hello Kitty.
Yeah, but Sanrio already had licenses to do.
Oh my god. They need to do like a Super Smash Brothers
with all these characters.
I got it right now.
Franchise fighting revolution.
You know what, we're going to get another Super Robot Wars
starring Hello Kitty.
Oh my god, they need to remake that game that was by Sega
where you had like the Daytona car fighting a cactus fighting.
Fighters Megamix.
Yeah, Fighters Megamix.
It was all about playing with the two random Sonic fighters people.
Alright.
I actually have Fighters Megamix.
That's cool.
Alright, that's going to do it for another podcast.
Final thought, Loki.
I don't want to pack anymore.
Shut up.
Packing, huh?
I'm packing boxes, I need to, you know,
fill them full of my wonderful computer parts and junk.
My final thought is beef.
Dark Sakura.
Reject false icons.
Set Britney Spears on fire.
We will see you guys next time.
Thanks for listening.
Thanks for listening, you guys.
We do appreciate your guys' support.
We'll see you next time.
Watch Robot Chicken.
That's the end of another Orange Lounge Radio To Go edition.
This podcast is a proud part of www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next update.
