Orange Lounge Radio
Here's your hosts, Dark Sakura, Sky, and Mojo.
Tonight, July 30th, 2006, E3 might be cancelled. That's right, cancelled!
The latest news on the silver lining when we talk about the music of Prey in an interview with Nick Murray of Artistry Entertainment.
Welcome, everybody, to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are a video game podcast dedicated to what gamers really want to know, and we're here
to help you through that.
My name is Rob Roberts.
You might know me as Sky.
Joining me, as always, say hello to my lovely co-host in that corner over there, even though
it's radio and you can't see it, DarkSakura Jamie Summers.
That's me in the corner.
Is that you in the spotlight?
Yeah.
Losing Up.
Also playing pinball, more likely than anything.
I played a lot of pinball.
Say hello as well to Loki.
Hi.
How you doing, Loki?
Good.
All right.
And also joining us once again tonight, crashing the program with his endless wit and charm,
say hello to 23rd Magus, Andrew.
Flattery will get you nowhere.
Do you have any sites that you're pimping out when you're here?
Do you have any sites you're affiliated with you want to pimp my show?
Do you have a podcast? Everybody has a podcast now.
I don't have a podcast yet.
I do listen to...
Ooh, yet! That was a nice teaser. Okay.
I do listen to Warcraft Radio, though, at wcradio.com.
Okay. Cool.
We like independent radio. Good deal.
Alright, let's talk about some gaming news tonight.
But first, we always talk about what we've been playing in our gaming week.
Let's start it off with Dark Soccer. What have you been playing during your gaming week?
loads of stuff I played getting lost in San Francisco this weekend but that's
that like crazy taxi or well I played um we actually went to Santa Cruz this
morning to play actually just to go hang out the boardwalk for a little while and
you know have me not die on that little thing that goes across who is we was
this the girls it was me and Disney Punk 10 mmm Kristen and her friend from LA
Marissa who's now my friend very cool person music nerd like moi so it was
like a girl thing it was a slumber party yeah I was a big summer did you go in
your PJs she'll fight did you stay yeah did you have pillow fight no but we did
have some ice cream talk about boys we actually did eat a lot of ice cream we
We had Dib and Dots, but, um, but, um, we, uh, I played Star Wars, uh, Episode 1 Pinball,
which is, uh, Pinball 2000.
I love the Pinball 2000 games.
Revenge from Mars, Pinball 2000.
Those are the hologram ones, right?
Uh, yeah.
Those are cool.
Um, I played The Sopranos Pinball, which is actually pretty decent.
I played Star Wars, uh, uh, the first Star Wars game, Pinball, that's put out by Sega,
which is kind of a crappy table, and I played, oh shoot, it was another table that was really
good.
I just had a brain storm.
It hurt a little bit.
Why doesn't Sega put out a Sonic pinball table?
They can have a little blue pinball.
They had a Super Mario Brothers pinball table there that wasn't working.
But that's not Sonic.
No, but I played Lord of the Rings pinball, which is also put out by Stern.
One ball to rule them all?
It's a pretty difficult table, actually.
It was a really good machine, though.
Rob, you are stealing my material.
Shush.
But basically Stern is the only company still making pins
right now, pretty much.
I also, we got a new pinball table.
I woke up Friday morning to see Dan face down on the futon.
And in our garage is a Twilight Zone pinball,
which is like one of the best tables ever.
How many pinball machines do you have now?
Five.
You're going to open up an arcade soon.
Yeah, we're going to be selling our Johnny Mnemonic.
Well, that's a good one to sell.
Johnny Mnemonic is a good table.
I've actually played the table, it's a fair table.
But if any of our listeners want to own a Johnny Mnemonic pinball that has lived in
my house that I have touched...
Maybe you can autograph it for a listener.
You know what's funny, though, is that Dan and I decided that that Twilight Zone was
destined to be, because if you lift up the playfield to look at it, if you look at the
very end of it that's facing toward the coin slots, you'll have two dates on there.
The first date is the date that the board was cut, the second date is the date the playfield
was assembled and the date that the board on that Twilight Zone was cut was my birthday.
Oh wow.
It was April 19th.
Very cool.
So I also played some, I actually played DDR today.
I did not die and I played this other, it was a ticket game, but it plays like popin'
music with eggs and there's only four buttons.
It's called rhythm and something.
It was really stupid, the music sucked, but it was like, this is popin' music.
That sounds kinda cute.
It was cute and they had a Tron machine that I didn't play.
All right, say hello to our chat room over at www.orangelaungeradio.com, click on chat.
Funnydale is actually letting us know that Sonic did have a pinball game somewhere between
93 and 95.
So that's news to me.
That is true.
I had forgotten about it.
Oh, wow.
That's cool.
Did it have the little blue...?
I actually haven't played one.
I don't want to have bad jokes come out here.
He doesn't want to say it.
He doesn't want to say it.
He doesn't want to say it.
But did it have a blue colored pinball in the thing?
No.
Oh, okay.
But pinmame.
Oh, I think you get pinmame.
I could play it in there.
Nintendo Maniac 64 says I have a pinball machine, that's cool.
DJ Dark Knight says give me the Simpsons pinball.
That was a good table too, because like the bumpers were the big nuclear reactors, that
was awesome.
They had a funhouse pinball, I hate that machine because that head thing on there, ugh, it's
just ugh.
They had a laughing cell at the boardwalk though, because when we were at California
There was a, you know Playland used to be an amusement park in New York that they had to destroy.
I guess they sold the property or something.
But there are people who made a Playland memorial or museum, and they have games from there and everything.
And they have two laughing styles, so when I saw the one at Santa Cruz, I was like,
Oh, I remember them talking about that. That's really cool.
cool how is the Santa Cruz boardwalk as an arcade because arcades are kind of a
dying breed these days dear god it's like for arcade spread out over the
whole thing now that sounds pretty hot it was cool and they actually have a
beat me in the final oh cool and they have the dance maniac second the jpop
one so our music gaming fans would be very happy at this they have a DDR
supernova Wow oh it's a new unit I haven't even played the why me I played
it at e3 and the Konami gamers I haven't played like the final release version of
Yeah, I actually didn't play because when we went it went to one a little smaller ones just to play skee-ball
They had an extreme there. So Chris and I played that but
Probably lots of the DER free kids spider stomp there. I counted three spider. That's old-school DDR spider stomp
Yeah, and there's it they have a dock upstairs now Derby Inner Club. Very cool. All right
Anyway, Loki. How was your gaming week? It was pretty good
I've been playing
the hell out of the Saints Row demo. Got mine. Actually it was funny because I thought my magazine,
the official Xbox magazine, I thought my subscription ended, but it has now
after I got the demo, which is, you know, where it counts.
And it's really fun. Saints Row is
basically Grand Theft Auto. I mean, they've improved on a few things and
there's a few things that are kind of
not as great. But for the most part, it's very enjoyable and
That demo we play for an entire hour each lunch.
What are the things that are different? The things that are different, first off,
the camera's a lot better
with the right analog stick and like for example if you have pipe bombs and stuff
you can toss stuff behind you
as you're running, you know, which you can't do in Grand Theft Auto.
Also most of the guns you can run and fire at the same time and stuff like that.
Plus the cars explode a lot better, shrapnel flies everywhere and you can
actually get hit with shrapnel and stuff like that. You can do some of the fun things. You
can rob stores and hold people up at gunpoint and stuff like that. You can beat old people
and steal their money, which is great. Hooray! And one other fun thing you can do, gang wars
and stuff like that. It's just very involved and the demo so far is pretty awesome. Just
the sheer amount of stuff you can do in the game
is pretty cool.
You can drive cars into gas tanks and make them explode
which is awesome.
Let's see, other than that I've been playing a little bit
of just, you know, other Xbox stuff like Ridge Racer 6 a little bit
and haven't really played too much of ChromeHounds. I did finish like the
was it soldier mission thing or whatever and
Speaking of ChromeHounds real quick, Blaze Revolution in chat says
he's having problems getting into the OL army clan on ChromeHounds. How did the
folks get in there?
Well apparently from what people have told me now, someone has to be online
in order to join. So I have to be online at some point in order for people to join.
So watch the forums. I'll
take a time where I'm actually logged in and then everybody can come join.
OrangeLoungeRadio.com click on forums. Exactly. The other thing though that's
kind of fun and neat
is I think a while back I mentioned I signed up for the Atari
beta for Test Drive Unlimited and I got in
and I got my disc and it's interesting on PlayStation 2
the game... Wait, aren't you under like an NDA or something? No.
Anyways, the game, at least not that I read
and if you didn't read it then hell, who cares?
If I didn't see it, it's not illegal. Anyways, so the game itself
it's pretty cool I mean it plays very similar to the Xbox 360 demo that I
played
of course graphics are a lot less you know Xbox 360 but
they do the job you know it is an online game you know completely so
if you still roll down the window that was an impressive feature in the Xbox
demo here's the thing though
a lot of stuff isn't finished yet because it's beta like all the interiors like I went
oh I'm gonna look at the interior of the car see it looks like
nothing happened it's all glitched out I'm like okay that doesn't work
I'd like to see what my driver looked like. There's no driver, it's just the ghost car, because they haven't finished that yet, because it's still beta.
But it's still fun though, and you can drive off-road just as easily as you can with this car.
I don't know, the PlayStation 2 version, I probably wouldn't pick it up because I have a 360, so why bother?
And you know what's weird is unless they drop the Playstation 2 one, I think the 360 one is actually going to be cheaper, because it's going to be $39.99, so why not pick it up?
But it's a fun game, you know, it's pretty cool, and it's definitely easy to get online with, which I haven't played too many online games, but I know there's been some difficulty.
No lag, I haven't noticed any lag in it, but it's pretty fun.
fun. Yeah, Hitstun also really loved your review there on the graphics. The graphics
are a lot less Xbox 360. They're very stripped down, very, very, very stripped down. How
so? What's missing? Just a lot of the detail that's in there. A lot of the, like, definitely
textures are, you know, it's just not as detailed as, like, the Xbox 360. It reminds me of the
old Test Drive games, which, you know, last Test Drive I played other than this, which
was a long time ago, Test Drive 3 on the PC. I mean, that's when the cars were blocks.
I mean, just... Yeah, I was gonna say, probably the last Test Drive game I've played seriously
was like Test Drive 2 The Duel, was that it, on Commodore 64. It was pretty old. I mean,
this was back in the day when Test Drive, you just basically had to get, you know, to
the end of the map or whatever, and that was a journey. I mean, I would always try to take
the shortcuts through the fields and run over the 2D chicken or whatever and just... I don't
know. It's a good game. All you have is a PlayStation 2. It's still going to be very
good. So, you know, check it out. Or even the PSP one, when that comes out, will be
pretty decent. So, they're worth checking out. And then I think, of course, more Grand
Theft Auto. And, you know, we're getting to a point now with Grand Theft Auto. Every
day we play this game, the more and more frustrated we are at the developers and the more we want
to kill them because of how buggy the multiplayer is.
And it's really sad because I wish I had a way to contact the developers at Rockstar
because I have so much feedback I can give them on their game, both positive and negative,
because I've basically played this game every single day for at least 30 minutes.
So yeah.
They need to give me a call.
If anyone from Rockstar is listening, contact Loki at loki.orangelaunchradio.com.
L-O-K-I.
I hope to god, because this is built on the Vice City engine
Liberty City Stories was, and now that Vice City Stories is coming out, you bet your ass
they're not going to do anything to fix any of the multiplayer because they're
fucking stupid. But I'll still buy the game.
When does the Saints Rogue demo get released for the rest of us? I heard Tuesday
Is it? Or August 1st. Sweet. So
check it out. I will. For whatever reason
It's not up that day. You can always find it at the official Xbox magazine.
Alrighty. Mr. 23rd Magus, AKA Andrew, how was your gaming week?
It was alright. I was looking to make some crazy money, but instead I just sat my ass on the couch,
sort of chair, yeah chair, and played Tellur-Iris. You could tell that Nippon Ichi did all the
translating because the script is absolutely hilarious.
What is this game?
Uh, Tellur-Iris Eternal Mantle.
Just a little dialogue with the catgirl asking the protagonist to sleep in bed with her.
The response is, I can't, the ESRB would go nuts.
Other than that, I haven't been doing much gaming, mostly because of the heat affecting my computer.
I have been trying Fable off and on, and it's the first time I've actually played Fable.
PC or Xbox?
PC.
What do you think?
It's interesting. It's not what it was hyped up to be, obviously.
How so?
But it's still pretty damn fun. It's not a completely open world like it was promised.
But it is still pretty fun. It plays more like Knights of the Old Republic, with the whole good and evil thing.
Okay.
My Gaming Week. I actually played quite a bit as well. I downloaded the 99 Knights demo because I really liked the game at E3 when I got to play it.
I seem to remember when I actually played the full game at E3, it was a lot easier than
the demo, because I died like three times in the demo.
I think I was doing something wrong.
The game's really fun.
I liked it a lot.
It's kind of a button masher, but it reminds me of a game like Final Fight or probably
more rather something like Golden Axe, but on a much bigger scale.
I mean, in Golden Axe, you cannot kill 50 people in one swoop of the sword and things
like that, and you can't stab somebody on the end of your sword and then use his body
to attack other people.
It's fun, I mean you're fighting armies, just lots and lots of people.
The game's pretty intricate, it looks great, I really enjoyed the demo, I definitely want
to pick up the full game even if I suck at it.
I noticed already in the chatroom though some other folks didn't seem to like the game.
It definitely seems like the type of game you're either going to really like or you're
going to really hate maybe because of its simplicity and the fact that it is kind of
a bit of a button masher. I think some people are really going to get turned off by that.
And a lot of people are comparing it to Dynasty Warriors, to be honest. I think this is actually
a lot better than Dynasty Warriors. It definitely looks a lot better because Dynasty Warriors
5 fucking sucked on the Xbox 360. They didn't really do anything. And Samurai Warriors 2,
when that comes out, that one's going to suck also because also another port without any
effort is basically what it was. But it looks, to be honest, this demo looks a lot better
than what I remember from E3. It looks like a lot more fun. So, I don't know. And it just
seems more fun than Dynasty Warriors was. Alright. Let's see what else I've been playing.
I actually picked up- did you have something? Oh, okay. I picked back up Oblivion randomly.
I had tried playing this game a while back and I thought it was very pretty, but I think
the problem was I had someone hovering over my shoulder telling me what to do, like everything,
and I think that might have ruined the gaming experience for me, so I went back and checked
it out, and it's great.
I wouldn't be that person.
Do something, would I?
No, it's not, it wasn't really you, it was kind of everybody was hovering, everybody
else had played it but me, because a lot of people, and everybody was like, do this, do
this, do this, and I'm like, shut up!
But I had a chance to just sit down and sort of explore it for myself, and it's so, I guess
the only word I can use to describe this game is vast.
You really can do just whatever you want.
It reminds me of like a first person shooter but with swords, but yet the world is open
and you can go anywhere you want, but that vastness is kind of like a good thing and
a bad thing because that vastness, I'm so used to very linear types of story in games,
so it was really hard for me to go, oh, I could just go anywhere I want and do these
other quests before doing the main quest.
Because I tried to just go, da da da da da, start doing the main quest.
I got murdered ten ways from Sunday, like so horribly, because my character wasn't buffed
up enough yet, I hadn't really practiced with spells and all that stuff, my character didn't
have enough stuff, so it kind of took me a little while to get used to that, but it's
a great game, and I think it's a way for folks who are in the first person shooters in that
genre game, sort of like a really good entry level to RPGs, maybe you're the type of person
that's like, I hate RPGs, well maybe this is more your style, there's different types
of RPGs, this is not a Final Fantasy RPG by any means, this is completely different, it
It really reminds me of an old PC, which makes sense when you consider what the game is.
It reminds me of an old PC-type role-playing game.
That's more what it is.
But I had a great time with it, and the graphics are gorgeous, absolutely gorgeous.
And I think the way that they expand it in Marketplace is just great.
This is definitely probably the title to have at launch.
It's a great game.
Loved it.
Although, honestly, I just don't know how long I'm going to be able to put up with it
before my brain explodes from all that stuff to do and there's just a million other games
I want to play. Because if I get too far into Oblivion, I'm not going to play anything else.
Here's the best thing you've got to know about Oblivion.
Okay.
Oblivion, join the guilds. Because when you join the guilds, you can clear off their entire
shelves of everything and go sell it for money. That's the best part. I spent like a couple
hours just clearing off everything until I found out about the dupe, you know, trick
you can do but anyways I I've cleared off like just rated the entire you know
mage guild from all stole all their books and all their weapons and all
their potions and everything I just must have had like thousands of books that
I've taken and sold back as great DJ kibbles and bits in our chat room says
oblivion is one of those games you have to experience on your own it's just too
damn huge to rush though I agree this is not like a typical gaming experience
it's something you really have to invest a little time in Andrew you said
you were having problems you know just getting slaughtered in oblivion right yeah here's
the thing in oblivion the way it works is the enemies level up as you do oh great if
you level up they're gonna level up and you're still gonna answer i think i thought i remembered
green that somewhere gear up that's what i need because i'm still using like the crappy
gear you get in the beginning minus what i raided from dead bodies you know so that yeah
i need to gear up yeah gear up because when they hit me i take massive damage here i thought
I thought I was going to say that.
Anyway, let's see, I picked up Prey because I like the demo, but I haven't played past
the demo sequence yet, so more to come on Prey next time.
Just they have achievements actually in Prey where you can play the poker and the arcade
games and the bar, and I think that's kind of funny.
Really?
Yeah.
Oh that's cute.
I like that, that's great.
One of the things with Oblivion is you can make poison tipped weapons and stuff like
that, so you can shoot them with a poison tipped arrow and just kind of wait for them
and die. Also real quickly, one other game I want to mention, Cloning Clyde. I picked
that up too from Xbox Live Arcade. Definitely reminds me of an old Super Nintendo puzzler
with a sense of humor. I keep wanting to say, like, Krusty's Fun House type game, except
Krusty's Fun House wasn't that great, but Cloning Clyde's fun. I mean, if you are curious
if you're going to like Cloning Clyde or not, seriously, just check out the demo, because
I think it's got a really good demo that really demonstrates what the game is all about. And
it's free you can't go wrong because I've had people send me like some folks that listen to the show had me on their
Friends list and I've gotten messages from people saying, you know, dude, should I get cloning Clyde?
I'm like seriously check out the demo
It's a really good representative of what the game is all about and if you like the demo you're gonna like the game
I think what about Galaga?
Galaga I checked out too. Thank you for reminding me a very easy achievement points super easy achievement points
I mean, I had a friend on my Xbox Live list who got all 200 achievement points within
like a couple hours.
The thing about Galaga is that it lets you continue from the stage where you died.
So getting that level 30 achievement or whatever is not a problem.
And all the monsters and those achievements, you kind of pick those up along the way.
So there's very few that require a lot of real skill.
it's not really an arcade game that I remember fondly from the 80s
but I know other people do who are probably yelling at me right now for
saying that I mean it just really depends what type of games you were
raised on
I think there is an audience for Galaga I don't think I was it because I got
bored of it pretty quick. Black Wolf
Bobby he was saying that be careful with the side images because it causes burn-in
on your screens. Wow
well it's not a game I would play for an incredibly long time anyway
What you just said reminded me of something too. What's that?
If anyone's ever interested in any of those Namco keychains like they were handing out at E3,
you can actually buy them at Kidrobot's store.
Where's that? Well, Kidrobot has a site online. They're the ones that were selling those big
vinyl gorillas figures. Oh, okay. But they have a store on Hayton Ashbury in San
Francisco.
Speaking of Namco and E3 and stuff, I
saw some old pictures last night. I found some old pictures. I found the pictures from
the year that they were demoing Wiiheart Katamari and remember when they had the
giant Katamari and everybody was putting their stuff on it so I found the picture of us
putting the ferret
on the Katamari. I also put one of our
demo samplers on there and a reject false icon sticker.
Yeah look see in chat GK128 says Galaga sucks you sir suck.
It's not that Galaga sucks it certainly led the way for a certain genre of games
it's just
it's not my bag baby okay you can continue from where you died
yeah it's that kind of eliminates a whole hardcore factor of Galaga
they hit it with a nerf bat but you don't have to you don't have to why can they put
like
Ikaruga on live I don't know okay I mean that would be
but that's right there's better stuff coming you actually just reminded me of the other
pinball I saw was Austin Powers pinball
but no you know what actually we need radiant silver gun
on a there we go thank you Legend of Zaku
right there that radiance over going to be awesome Zaku has it as well Gradius
greater than Galaga I would love to see Gradius but then again I already
have Gradius collection on PSP so maybe not so much. I thought Gradius was coming
was it? I think it was one of the ones. I know there was some shooter that was in that. Well Gradius and Contra
Contra and Super Contra are coming. Are they? Oh Contra I love Contra
I know Contra was I didn't know it was Contra and Super Contra. Contra and Super Contra
and I think Gradius and I've heard some other ones and
Street Bear 2 next week. I was gonna say I saw Time Pilot
in that preview too. I like Time Pilot. I think Rally-X
is coming. What else? Next week of course Street Fighter 2
which I couldn't give a shit. You know what's funny now that it's finally here
I'm very meh about the whole thing. I'm like I kinda don't care anymore now that it's
here it's like
is it really gonna be that great? I don't know.
By the way, something else I think that our chat room might be vaguely interested in
is that the person that we bought our Twilight Zone from was the guy who
own working designs. We actually have a Goemon doll now that they were going to put out with
the next game they were going to do. Let's get them on the show. You should talk to them,
I'll see. I also have a copy of Sega Ages for Saturn. Very cool. But I thought that
that would be just a fun little bit. Eddie of the O.L. Army says Konami was a lot better than
Namco in the arcade. Well, it just depends what you're into. It depends on if you're at a Namco
arcade. It just depends on the type of games you're into. Alright, enough about my gaming
week, that's enough. Let's do some housekeeping real, real quick and then we'll get into the
gaming news. Just some quick housekeeping things. OrangeDawnTradio.com had some website
downtime earlier this week. We're not sure what caused it. I think it was some type of
DNS issue, tech stuff that goes above my head. Needless to say, when stuff like that happens,
our fearless webmaster, Mr. VX JasonXV, who we love and adore because he does the job
for free, is on things like that. So, we're sorry, but you know, that type of stuff is
gonna be inevitable, that things go down, you know, remember it's all free to you
guys, so just keep in mind things are gonna happen once in a while. We are
addressing some things with the website. You may see some real facelifts coming
to the website in the future, but a lot of that is a long ways down the line.
Can't talk about much more than that yet. We could, but it'd be a lie, and they
would have to kill you. That's right, we'd have to reveal what
happens at the secret OLR staff meetings, and then you'd have to die. And then the
the murders commence.
Also we wanted to say something about the podcast awards real quick.
The podcast awards nominations were announced and we're not there.
But oh well, the folks that were nominated, all five of them, independent podcasts, which
is pretty awesome.
That's awesome.
And we said, you know, we'd be happy as long as an independent won it.
You know, we can't, we don't want to hog it.
We can share, no, in all seriousness, folks that were nominated, there's some great shows
in there.
I know the folks at Gamertag, very passionate about what they do, DreamStation, huge community
over there, VGN Radio, fellow all-games show, completely different vibe than what we do
here, but that's awesome.
I think every independent show should do their own thing, Podtacular, Halo, nothing but Halo,
which for some gamers, that's what they do, nothing but Halo, you know, good show over
there as well.
So have fun, go vote, vote for an independent podcast, you don't have a choice, you have
to vote for an independent podcast.
And maybe we could invite the winners on our show so we could hand over our crown, like
at Miss America.
What they do.
Where is our crown?
I think it's sitting on Jamie's fireplace, actually.
It is sitting on my fireplace, yes, it's on my mantle.
So we'll, I don't know, we'll come up with something.
No, seriously though, have fun, remember, independent podcasts, we're there to support
each other.
I think every independent podcaster brings something different to the table.
And you look at those shows I've previously named and they've all got something different.
We have that history being the music game and we go to anime expos because a lot of
our fan base goes there.
These other shows have their own spin on things that they do.
So it's great.
And diversity is what makes the independent stand out over the commercial stuff.
In a way though, I almost kind of feel sorry for whoever wins because you're going to have
to put up with that same backlash that we did last year from kind of the corporates
who, I think, probably didn't like it that we won because there was some nasty stuff
written about us, including, oh, we're liars, we're drunks, dah, dah, dah, whatever.
Only on certain shows.
We're still here, we're almost at episode 200, you Corp cast are not going to scare
us away, and, you know, so what, we didn't get nominated.
It would be fun to do an entire show of lies.
I would love that.
That would be awesome.
Lying and being drunk, that'd be excellent.
Alright.
So have fun with the podcast awards this year.
Go vote.
And vote in the other categories, too,
because there's some other independent podcasters
in other categories.
There's some I've been listening to that have nothing
to do with gaming I've been listening to since we started
podcasting, and good stuff out there.
All right, let's get into some actual gaming news now,
and huge news, Jamie, huge news.
It's very big.
Well, you know how every year we get our butts into E3
and cover all the big news that's coming out, well guess what?
That has gone right down the crapper. There will be no more
E3 as it is known now. That's an important footnote,
as it is known now. There might be something. Well basically
Doug Lowenstein, who's the president of Entertainment Software Association,
is going to make the announcement that it's
gone by by kaput. Yeah, it kind of stinks that we're recording on Sunday
because there'll be more information on this tomorrow, Monday,
but we won't be here till next Sunday to really talk about it.
Well, a lot of the reason being is that
the publishers are, I guess, they're like,
you need to pay attention to us.
We want love too.
So, they whined,
and E3 listened. So, no more E3.
But there is talk of smaller shows next year, different, more focused events.
There are already other shows that go on.
Yeah, like the developers put on their own things.
Microsoft did something recently, right?
Yeah, the Microsoft Vision retail conference.
Konami's got something coming, I don't know if I'm supposed to say that,
but Konami has something coming up, and there's other stuff too, as well.
A lot of the own developers put on their own shows.
Microsoft's X06 is coming up.
It's gonna suck to not have it all on one roof.
However, it will keep, I think, a more even flow of information out for
people. It makes it easier on us. Because, you know,
if we have the different shows
come up, introduce their news, we're not putting
out. You know, Loki was working, you know, his butt off on the PSP site.
Instead of having to cram everything in and get the information out there before
the next guy,
There's actually going we'll be able to put it out in more digestible forms for other people. I think
Did you see this coming did anybody see this coming yeah, I saw them fussing about it
I thought they were just gonna close it off to certain groups
But well, maybe that might be what they're doing because we you know
We've heard downsizing of the show mentioned a lot where it's gonna be, you know, a very select audience
Meeting with developers in you know meeting rooms, but that kind of screws a lot of the small people out
It screws over the small press. There's no way in hell we're gonna get in there.
And it's gonna screw over Kenshiya.
Everybody that had a show in Kenshiya, with the exception of Red Octane, is gonna get screwed too.
Which is kinda sad, because there was some pretty kick-butt stuff in Kenshiya.
How are they gonna get it out there now?
It's kinda sad. I don't know.
But I mean, it's hard to say because all we have to go off of right now is like, kind of a...
Well, I wouldn't call it rumors, but a very cloudy statement is all we really have to
go off of right now.
But you know, for me, E3 kind of started becoming a farce when there was that whole line of
people to see Paris Hilton.
Seriously, that was my first clue that something's up with the show that's going to change.
I mean, that whole frickin' hours-long line of people to see Paris Hilton, that's not
what E3 is about.
Adam West, that's okay.
He's cool.
Paris Hilton?
Just because she had a game, and how did she have a game anyways?
Her likenesses in it, I don't know, it's kind of stupid.
Blaze Revolution says, okay, independent gamers conference, something for those Kensha Halls
companies.
I think it's a great idea, but will it be covered by the big gaming sites?
And granted, we cover it, and we'd like to think that we could take on corporate, but
the fact of the matter is a lot of people get their news from the corporate
site so the corporate folks don't cover it or give it a little footnote in their
magazine.
The fact of the matter is that corporates are the ones that are the top of the
press list anyways when it comes to these small sites or
get togethers anyways. Like EA's
just have their little press event and stuff and
yeah the smaller guys don't see invites because you know what
in their eyes the smaller guy doesn't really matter.
Pleader says, oh no, what will G4 do for one week a year?
Bandit in our chat room says, did anyone see the video of when E3 opened this year and
saw how many people were running just to get to the Wii?
Yeah?
Yeah.
I mean, granted, the Wii was a great thing to check out, but that probably is part of
the reason why E3 is changing.
You put all that together.
So I don't know.
What would you like to see happen from all this?
I really do think the idea of
independent shows being the more likely thing
I really do like the idea of different specific companies
putting out events where they can, I think, cater to
their audience a little bit better. Put more focus into instead of just their
little corner of
E3 and having to compete with everybody else there. I think it'd be cheaper for them
anyways because they all have to make these giant elaborate booths. They can just rent out a
building like Konami's gamer day they rented out what a club
and they just had you know some machine set up and stuff I'm sure that was a lot
less money for them
then you know because a club in the middle of the day when it's not open anyways
I mean that probably didn't cost as much as running a multi-million dollar
booth
Banda in chat has a good idea independent shows open to the public
why not have your Kenshi a show that's open to the public
get everybody talking about it. Well haven't they been trying stuff like this I mean
like, well, you've got PAX, for example, which is kind of like an E3, you know, in a sense.
You've also got, you know, that show that was in San Francisco, I think, that they had
some stuff there. Just, like, a lot of small...
There's the New York City thing they have, the October one that some of our listeners
trying to get us to go to. I can't remember the name of it now. They had the big DDR tourney.
Visual Life, something like that.
Yeah, something like that. And then I heard of another one in Pennsylvania somewhere that's
a big show, and, you know, there's...
Why not just do what, well, I don't know about this, but like, you know, why don't they just
do the mall tours again, you know?
Just like...
The mall tours?
It's like, get into a mall and show off your new game, get, you know, go right to where
the consumer is.
I don't know.
It's gonna be very interesting to see what happens as time goes on with the whole...
Do you think there's gonna be a show that's trying to take the E3 crown?
No, I think that, well, I think what's gonna happen is E3 will still be around next year,
I think it's just gonna be a lot smaller
and more retard is who gets invited.
It doesn't matter anyways,
it's kinda going that way anyways.
Each year you go there,
like the first time we went there,
we went there as general admission or whatever,
then everything was press only.
And then you go there last year and we're press
and you go there and know,
oh sorry, you're not good enough press
to get into our press little thing here.
So next year you come back with even more credentials,
oh I'm sorry, you're just still not good enough
because these people have been doing it longer than you.
Our chat room is yelling.
The East Coast contingent is yelling, digital life, digital life, October 4th through 6th.
Digital life is where the little guys get their chance and all that, so maybe that's
something that's looking to take the place.
Our good buddy Bobby Blackwell from All Games reminded me of what the deal is in Pennsylvania.
It's in Philadelphia, America's video game expo at VGExpo.com, and apparently All Games
is doing something with that.
So that should be pretty cool, because I don't know what's going to happen now to E3 Outpost
Electric Boogaloo that was supposed to happen in 2007.
I say they do it anyway.
The E3 Funeral.
I'd go.
Bobby, if you go, we'll go.
The E3 Memorial.
The E3 Memorial.
So we have no idea what's going to happen with that, it just depends on what E3 turns
into.
I think that we should save up our money and go to Tokyo Game Show.
That would be pretty rad.
You think that Tokyo Game Show will end up taking the crown on this stuff?
It does in a way, yeah, I mean it does in a way.
Even Tokyo Game Show I think is too big. I personally like these smaller shows
because, like for example, Konami's Gamer Date, you've got to play the games.
There was not lines to play stuff.
It was great, it was small. That's the way it should be. Everybody got to play the
games, they got all the information,
you know, and that's it. None of the bullshit, you know, of, oh, well, sorry, you gotta make a
meeting, you know, in order to see this game that we're showing.
What the hell do you go to convention for to advertise your game and then you don't show your game?
That is the dumbest thing ever. I mean, I didn't understand that at all. It doesn't make any sense
You know like especially with you know
The Nintendo thing that kind of pissed me off a little bit because you go there to hype up your new machine
So what do you you make a line and you hold it behind closed doors?
That's stupid
Yeah, it's dumb. I mean, I don't get what they're trying to do. All right
Right.
Well, we're going to open up our voicemails of the week on this topic.
I know in the show role there's something different listed, but I think with this breaking
news we should shift our voicemail of the week to this topic, and if you want to give
us a call, it's 916-226-9067.
Not right now during the show, if you're listening live, but any time during the week,
give that a call unless you don't pay your phone bill, then you need to have somebody's
permission.
And give us a call.
We want to know your thoughts.
this announcement with e3 especially because there'll be more information on
Monday after we've taped really want to know what your guys thoughts are is e3
gonna be as relevant as it once was is this something that if not where do you
think the must be place is gonna be next year we want to know your thoughts so
leave us a voicemail it's 9 1 6 2 2 6 96 Iowa because you know where I kind of
wanted to go because I knew Nellie wasn't gonna let me go to e3 next year
especially but now she's even more happy that it's canceled or at least you know
possibly canceled comic-con I think comic-con be fun I'll be it would be
interesting to see if comic-con picks up some of this well comic-con had a ton of
games there anyway it's true so and plus they have movie stuff we could speculate
forever but we won't know for real until we get some more information cons talk
about another show that's like way you know too much stuff going on I mean
I mean, there's a lot that doesn't even have to do with comics.
Moving on to another story here, we talked about independent podcasts and independent
developers being hurt by E3, I want to talk about this independent production.
We had some folks from this production on our show a couple months ago, and it's a game
that's being made called the Silver Lining.
Now at one time this was known as King's Quest IX, the Silver Lining, but there was a whole
little bit of back-and-forth with Vivendi, who owns the rights to King Quest.
Well, Vivendi, there was a whole Save the Silver Lining campaign, and they were, you
know, I'd call it a success.
Vivendi is allowing this game to be released, only the title is now simply The Silver Lining.
Well, they had a big press event today, it was like a virtual press event, and they were
nice enough to invite me, because we had them on the show previously, so I checked it out,
and I would call this King's Quest labor of love.
I mean, it is so obvious to me that the folks behind this game just absolutely love these
characters that I'm assuming most of them grew up with, you know, through the various
King's Quest games, and how can you blame them?
The King's Quest characters were awesome.
Even I love, like, King's Quest IV, Rosella, and, you know, Graham and all that, so they
have really just poured their hearts into this fan project, and their big news today
is that they have actually released a playable demo that you can download for free.
You want to check this out?
Here's the other cool part about this, Orange Launch Radio, we're mirroring that demo.
You can download it on our site right now.
Check out www.orangelaunchradio.com, go to the downloads page, and you're going to see
in what you heard on the show recently, you're going to see the Kings Quest, I'm sorry, can't
call that anymore, the Silver Lining demo available to you.
It's about 77 megs, it's free, check it out.
If you like, I mean the art style is very Kings Quest 5, Kings Quest 6-ish.
It's kind of 3D, but it's not unfaithful to the previous games.
It's very cool, check it out.
It's an early build, but it just is a sign of things to come.
And it's not just that, they released, they actually had a guy write an original song
for the game, and they released the song today, and it's pretty good.
I mean, it's amazing, they have voice actors, it's crazy, it's like a big, it's like what
you'd see going into a high dollar production, but it's all happening on an independent scale.
That's awesome.
So check that out.
If you want to visit their website, it's www.tsl-game.com, and thanks to those guys again for inviting
us to the press event today.
That was cool.
Alrighty.
Awesome.
We're kind of, you know, talking about things that have been cancelled and, you know, not
happening.
One thing that was confirmed actually at Microsoft Vision Retail Conference was that the Project
Gotham 360 bundle, the Project Gotham 3, with the 360, you know, being bundled and everything
not happening. Despite what all those other websites out there say, not happening. Confirmed
by Microsoft. Here's my thing though. Not happening in the United States. All these
sites that are listing it, from what I've noticed so far, like Toys R Us I think was
in Canada, and I think the EB1 I saw was in Canada too, maybe happening in Canada. That
That might be something because, you know, maybe the 360 is just not selling as well
as the United States.
So you might see a bundle either being put together by retailers themselves, or maybe,
you know, being done in another country.
So look for that, but it is not happening in the United States, I mean, I don't think
they really have to worry about dropping the price, especially with the Playstation 3 being
so expensive.
They are really not worried about that.
is one of our Canadian listeners in chat and says there is no EB game website for Canada.
Well, whatever. The one site I saw, the one site I saw I assumed it was Canada because
all their prices were wrong. Because they were listing everything as $69.99 retail for
like all the Xbox 360 games and that's way off. So, whatever. It doesn't matter. It might
be happening in another country. That's my only assumption that people are getting this
from someplace, but Microsoft is saying no, so take it as you will.
I do have some things that are coming out. Well that's good, that's refreshing.
But for the UK. Great, so we have more news about games that
aren't coming out in this country. Well, because they probably already have or
will be around the same time. True, so enjoy these UK guys.
So these are the games that will be released first week in August.
First, we have Pox Nora for PC, then we have on the fourth, Monster House for various systems,
Pro Stroke Golf World Tour 2007, and Sing Star Anthems on PlayStation 2.
There's a few things that are announced.
Oh, Sing Star Anthems is the gay one, isn't it?
I think so.
I think that is.
It's one that they're marketing towards the gay audience.
I remember talking about this a few shows ago.
Still not interested.
Sorry.
But our listeners over there should keep their eyes open, though later on in the month there's
going to be Dig Dug Digging Strike, Guilty Gear Dust Strikers, and Star Fox Command.
Alright.
Very cool.
Good stuff.
In the United States, though, we're getting some pretty neat stuff.
First thing's going to be FlatOut 2 on PlayStation 2, Xbox, and also, I believe, the PC.
so that should be pretty awesome. Um, I know we're getting Super Monkey Ball Adventure,
so if you're a fan of the Super Monkey Ball games, look for that. How many of those freaking
Monkey Ball games are there now? Too many. Um, PlayStation 2, GameCube, and PSP. Um,
let's see, I believe there was also Barnyard coming out, which is based on the upcoming
animated film, which, yay. Sorry, that just made me think of Barnstorming, and if you're
an old school 2600 player, you gotta know Barnstorming. It was one of the baddest games
They had I mean bad meeting good because this was the 80s after all it's one of the baddest games on the Xbox 360 was barnstorming
That's all okay. Why don't they remake that I?
want barnstorming
2006 on the Xbox 360 move over chickens here I come
That's basically the good stuff. I'm really waiting for in the week after that though. We're
Dead rising is coming out 99 nights is around the corner to write
Yeah, Dead Rising is coming out in 99 nights is the week after that very exciting
So lots of good stuff and then scenes row at the end of August as well as Madden
I was at a I was at a GameStop today finally getting rid of top spin too because I just didn't freaking play it and
picking up prey and
They were taking the pre-orders for you know those games, but they were like, you know
They had the demo or they had the really nice setup there for 99 nights coming soon Dead Rising coming soon all that stuff
So and I checked out the trailer on Xbox 360 for Dead Rising very bloody very fun
Oh, I can't wait parents are gonna be mad. Jack Thompson's gonna have a stroke. It's gonna be great. Oh really? I
Won't tape somebody
Well, I'm hoping I can do though is be able to derail that train that's in Saints Row. That's gonna be awesome
But yeah, that's basically what's coming out. It's gonna be a little slow for a while
But um, give it a couple more weeks, but about the week of August
Probably the third week in August or so, things are going to start picking up and they're just not going to stop until Christmas.
Sweet.
Guess what's not coming out, though?
Aw, sad. What?
The Sopranos on Xbox 360.
It got the big boot.
I have to be honest, I totally forgot. They were making this game, so no loss here.
And I don't watch the show. Well, what happened?
I just think that the reason is funny.
HQ is saying because there's no difference between that and the PlayStation 2 version.
What?!
Okay, that hasn't stopped them from releasing other multiplatform games?
Well then again, they're not EA.
Yeah, that's true, maybe this is a different developer, maybe they just have a different
outlook on this, a more realistic outlook of, maybe we just don't want to upcode the
damn thing and sell it again.
Maybe it's just a waste of our time.
Well, they were saying that after they spoke to their, after a few financial conferences,
basically said, uh, it's discontinued. Um, the PlayStation 2 version is still going to
go through, it should be out around Christmas, um, or Yule, or whatever holiday you worship.
Just in time for the show to be going off the air, from what I understand, because I
think their last season's coming up, so, or early 2007 or something, so.
Well the game is supposed to be sort of a GTA style, as in you go out and do jobs. I
didn't watch the surprise. Sorry, I have to roll my eyes a little bit
at that it kind of seems like all these mob things are caught in between like
Scarface, they're all copying the... Hey, don't talk bad about Scarface. I'm not, I'm not.
The movie's a legacy, but I'm just saying it's kinda like I can't, I hope
when they say GTA-like
it means inspired by but very different.
Well, they're all kinda down in that sandbox games is what it, it's basically
like a genre now. Well, that's okay.
Well, speaking of Scarface,
Apparently the Xbox 360 version's been cancelled.
To be honest, I didn't realize there was an Xbox 360 version coming out
because this thing was announced, what, back in E3 2005 for the 360?
And I didn't even realize that they had
decided to continue doing that because it's always been PlayStation 2, Xbox, and PSP.
Which is not a surprise. Eddie in our chatroom says Scarface was never officially announced for
360. Exactly. That's what I was kind of surprised. I was like, I don't remember that.
But apparently people have been writing the news stories that it's not, I guess.
before it must be true. I guess, if the press is saying it. If they're not liars in the
corporate media. Or drunks. Anyway, after all, Final Fantasy 13 looks very much like
7. Anyways, the 360 Scarface not coming out, the PSP Scarface though is coming out, and
to be honest Scarface looks very similar, I mean I guess it's very similar to Vice City
because Vice City ripped off Scarface, so it should be a pretty awesome game, the voice
talent and it's amazing and just it looks very fun so check that out it's
coming out in September all right any other 360 news while we're at it I can
do a 360 all right no actually there is you could do a 360 I don't yeah I don't
don't really know how to read it or a graphic I don't know as in I can turn
around in 360 degrees geez guys I can do a 60 you know what I'm not gonna finish
it pop you know what we don't need to do that yeah so 360 my Xbox 360 dark I have
nothing else about the 360 but I do have something about PSP okay Scarface is
coming out on PSP really we get more mob fun so yes Scarface the world is yours
is not coming out on the Xbox 360 it is coming out on PSP hmm all right anyway
that's sort of a stripped-down version what about this game dawn of war there
was more no has different name to it's called power of money respect it's a
turn-based strategy. Anyways, there's this Warhammer 4000 game coming out on the
360 as well called Dawn of War, which to be honest, I remember playing Warhammer 4000,
actually Space Marines, because I used to have the actual miniatures and stuff,
which is pretty cool, but the Warhammer 4000 game, the series has been around
for a long time, especially in tabletop and PC games now. We'll actually be getting
a 360 version, so it's pretty sweet. They're also planning on making a PS3
version of course whenever that system finally rolls out um so look forward to that pretty soon
it's kind of nice to see them doing it i remember actually uh space marines they used to do a space
marine game on uh the pc and have a really cool intro song but uh yeah space marines kind of
sucked sorry i have to mention the scarface comment in our chat room because it's kind of funny
legend of zaku says a scarface on the psp say hello to my little friend get it little because psp
get it yeah okay anyways um or poo eaters uh tagline here scarface psp you might as
well buy it there's nothing else out hey he's right no what what about i there's uh vice
city stories coming right october all right anyway moving on gun showdown is also coming
out that same month though in you know september so there is stuff coming out on the psp but
and NASCAR, if you like NASCAR, whatever. Speaking of things that are not funny,
Gears of War is, apparently there's some
users spamming on Xbox Live,
some Gears of War stuff, and people are thinking, oh wow, it's some crappy viral
campaign.
And, well, we don't really know, but it's, a lot of the messages have been pointing
back
to Gears of War forum, and apparently there's more messages on there, and apparently
some giant announcement is supposed to be happening this week, so... How come I'm not getting
spammed. It kind of makes me feel left out. I'm not getting spammed either. This makes
me kind of sad. Apparently we're just not real press. Apparently not. We're just not
cool enough to be getting spammed. You know what, maybe it's just some dick spamming a
forum. It happens all the damn time. It's the same people spamming on live and it's
basically some stupid little... It's the main character's names and they're Marcus Phoenix
or M Phoenix in this case, he's, you know, we need your help, can't talk now, don't know
who to trust, we'll send more tomorrow, and just, you know, kind of messages like this
very cryptic, retarded messages.
Yeah, but Gears of War still looks cool, so I forgive it.
Here's my question to you.
That game was pretty hot.
Do you really need a viral campaign?
I mean, people think the game's awesome anyway.
Yeah, that's true.
That's like, oh, let's hype up Halo 3 because people don't know about Halo 3.
Come on.
stupid but whatever you know at least hey at least it's not saying this is
Marcus Fenix and I want you to check out my new burnout revenge clip that I have
online be sure to recommend it by the way bike years war coming on November
well November so far because we're not sure to make they might push it up
according to some of the rumors out there all right well now every week on
this program we like to let dark soccer speaking of Gears of War we like to let
DarkSakura start grinding her gears over there and surf the internet up and down and back
and forth and try to find a website that she wants you, yes you, our listener to view promptly
because it's awesome. So DarkSakura, what are the kiddies going to be looking at this
week per your request?
Our listeners are going to be looking at the best page in the universe.
orangetownsradio.com?
It's worth a try.
Okay, second best page in the universe.
Alright, what is this?
The address is maddox, m-a-b-d-o-x dot x mission dot com.
Jesus.
Alright.
I just think that this guy's sense of humor is pretty funny.
He's kind of controversial.
It's controversial.
I mean, even if you don't agree with what he says, at least it's remotely entertaining.
Fair enough.
I meant to get his book, though, but...
The alphabet manliness.
I think...
The whole C is for Chuck Norris, and there's a whole chapter on him.
Let the Chuck Norris joke die.
Step away from the Chuck Norris joke.
He's talking about how bad-ass Chuck Norris is.
I'm talking to you barons, folks.
We can dig it.
But some of the editorials on here are as follows.
I hate Cameron Diaz. Star Wars Episode 3 is a steaming pile of Sith. If these words were
people I would embrace their genocide. I just wanted a video game, not an eternal damnation
in hell. I am a genius. Oh, that was me playing Pink Pals. I am a genius, you are not. The
Eleven War Songs of 2004, which by the way, they're all YouTube. Ben Stiller should star
every movie and video games you'll never play which is great that was what kind
of games will we never play you know what I have to pull that up give me a
second how about that backwards compatible Barbie game on the Xbox
that's one game I won't play how about just the really manly suicide of ramming
your head against the pavement you know a game I will play though that looks a
lot like Barbie. Dead or Alive Xtreme 2. That trailer is minutes of entertainment. I can't
say hours, because the trailer is only a few minutes.
Rob, even I wouldn't play that.
He also puts up his hate mail, too. And apparently writes whole articles based on hate mail.
And he did one about Ikaruga.
Yeah, but then people will write hate mail just to be in the hate mail page.
Of course. And apparently he's also banned in several countries.
Wonderful.
His website is not accessible from the...
I love what he wrote about Ikaruga though.
If you suck at video games, don't bother reading this review because this game is hard
and I don't want whining retards who can't pass the first level bitching to me about
it.
When I say this game is hard, I mean hard light nipples on a plymoth pin.
Oh my god, I can't say that.
Okay, way to go Dark Sakura, trying to earn this show an explicit tag.
I didn't say it.
Visit for yourself to read what was too hot for Dark Sakura to say on air.
moving right along them. Speaking of hard, Final Fantasy XI's achievements are fucking
impossible is what they are. But anyways, yeah, so, so far a lot of the achievements,
all 32 of them, you know, are fucking impossible, including most of which are level up your
character to 75, you know, excellent, you know, or just finish all the Promethea missions,
finish all the, you know, whatever. 30 shitty points for getting my bard to 75. Do you know
how long that'll take. You know what though, aren't achievement points are the easiest
character to fucking level. Hold on though. I can attest that they are not easy to level
as I was a bard. Aren't achievement points supposed to be hard to get? I mean, they're
badges of honor, right? Let me put it this way. Cause people bitch when they're too easy
like we just bitched earlier. Galaga's achievements are too easy. That's fine, that's fine. But
But if they're going to be hard, make them worth something like, you know, 100 points
or something instead of, you know, 30.
I don't want to play for 50,000 hours and go, ooh, 10 points!
Hell yeah!
They've only got 1,000 to distribute, though.
Because that's the Microsoft laws.
And you know what, they shouldn't have put achievement points anyways, because no one
was expecting them, and then they had to go put them out there, and now they suck.
Way to go.
You're just mad because you'll never get them.
I'm not playing that game.
I cancelled it yesterday, actually. Sorry, but I just wasn't playing it.
After you bought it on 360. Yes. Did you return it? Oh, you can't return that sucker.
No, I can't return it. Someday I might go back.
I quit once before. I'll go back.
But we'll see. God, one hell of an expensive frisbee.
You know, I can't addict.
You know what?
What? I wish this would happen to just about everybody that played it.
Hey, I know some great people that played Final Fantasy 11.
I played it for years and years. Addict! Now you're addicted to another crack.
I have nothing bad to say about it. It was time for me to move on and if
there's ever a sequel, you know I'm going to be playing it.
White mage equal party bitch. Alright, anyway.
However, all those people who are cheating,
uh-uh not anymore if you were basically caught cheating there's actually they've
actually banned another 2,000 accounts for the use of third-party software
tools I think they just don't want to be one up to buy World of Warcraft
because World of Warcraft put out that press release I remember was this week
or last week saying they banned like 30,000 people from the game or something
like that and Squeenix is like well we can't let them have the last laugh let's
ban some people too they're just good just because we can this is this is you
know Final Fantasy 11 honestly you need every so the window er it needs the
window er yes but that's a third-party utility and technically that didn't they
ban anyone who's using the window er can't you know is probably included in
the ban and I think they're that stupid because why should they monopolize your
resources you know that's why I love World of Warcraft you know at first I
was like eh but you can play it windowed you can change you can do other things
while you're playing when I was playing Final Fantasy 11 I had my laptop set up
beside me so that I could freakin browse the internet while I was playing a game
I still have my laptop for World of Warcraft because I have thought bought
up on it because I just can't I can't you know and maybe after years and years
of Final Fantasy 11 I can't play a game in a window like that I played Ragnarok
online for a very long time and also with that with Ragnarok you can't click outside
of it you have to just you have to shift you have to alt-tab remember kids alt-tab lets
you switch between your programs on a PC so which MMO do you think is going to ban people
next city villains toontown matrix all right well it's been a little while since we've
had an interview on the program and tonight we're proud to welcome Nick Murray of Artistry
entertainment to the program.
Now, if you've been listening the past couple weeks of show, you'll know that some of us
here in studio have been giving the Xbox 360 version of Prey a little bit of play lately.
Part of what makes Prey such a memorable gaming experience is the use of integrated cinematics
into the game engine.
You can't have a great cinematic, though, without a great soundtrack.
Through the website DirectSong.com, you can purchase two different soundtracks to the
game Prey, as well as the compilation CD, Byte Meme, Music Inspired by Prey, which features
There's bands such as MXPX, Real Big Fish, and the After Midnight Project.
Nick not only produced this album, but contributed two tracks, and he's here with us to talk
about this wide selection of music from the games.
Nick, are you there?
Yep.
Hi, Scott.
How are you?
Hey, I'm really good.
Thanks so much for being on our program tonight.
I appreciate it.
Yeah, my pleasure.
Thanks for having me.
Awesome.
So now, for those folks that haven't played the game Prey, what do you think they're missing
out on?
Well, youre definitely missing out on a lot of aliens, Indians, and everything in
between.
Its a great storyline intertwined with shooting and endless hours of fun, basically.
Tell us a little bit about the three separate Prey soundtracks available on DirectSong.com.
DirectSong.com, first of all, is a website thats been around for almost a year now
It features video game music exclusively.
So when Prey came out, we really wanted to showcase the two volumes of the soundtrack
for Prey.
It's over three hours of music for the video game, and it's all done by Jeremy and Julian
Soule, who are British Academy Award-winning video game composers.
They added their orchestral skills to the game soundtrack, which intertwined very nicely
with the video game.
So those are both available for download on directsong.com, and all you have to do is
log in and enter your information and stuff like that, and then you get the soundtrack
in actually industry-leading audio quality.
It's twice as good as iTunes and better than most of any of those other sites out there.
So it's going at a rate of 320 kilobits, so it's almost CD quality.
pretty much be undiscernable to any normal set of ears.
Awesome. Now I know there's a third soundtrack available on the site as well, this Bite Me
compilation. It's a compilation of music inspired by Prey, right?
Yeah, this is a really fun project that we just put out, and basically what that is,
is some of the music is from the video game, including the song that's in the end credits
to the game by After Midnight Project called Take Me Home, and then we also have original
music from MXPX, Real Big Fish, and lots of other artists. I think there's 13 artists
involved total. This is a new thing for video games, to have bands come together and write
music specifically for a video game. So this is kind of an industry first as well, where
we really wanted to get bands of different genres, so it appeals to all different kinds
We've got punk rock, we've got mainstream rock, we've got electronica, yet all the songs
directly relate to Prey, whether it be through the musical instruments involved or the samples
used or the lyrics and the themes invoked in the lyrics and stuff like that.
What is it, do you think, about the game Prey that inspires all these artists to create
these diverse kinds of music that all come back to being inspired by Prey?
I think one of the things that inspired everyone throughout this process is the incredible
graphics and the storyline that's portrayed through that.
A lot of these people got to see some video clips and some of the trailers that came out
before as well as we sent everyone an email that had the full storyline of Prey.
Everyone saw quickly that this wasn't just a first person shooter with no story behind
it.
big part in most of the songs.
You yourself contributed two tracks to this compilation, the tracks, Existence and Intervention.
How did your experience with Prey inspire these tracks that you yourself contributed?
Since I've been involved with Prey for about six months or so producing this album, it's
been a part of my everyday work, so I've been thinking about it and looking at videos and
really been intertwined with it for a long time, so being inspired by it wasn't that
much of a problem.
I really wanted to combine the themes of the game and the music.
So in the game, you've got Tommy, the Native American, gets abducted by aliens.
I really wanted to portray it through the music, kind of the same feeling, starting
off with Native American themes and then have it be pretty much abducted by aliens and come
across with more techno or industrial type sounds and stuff like that and work that all
together.
Now I remember actually playing through the Prey demo and then later on the game
and I kind of remember the music was a really big part
of setting the atmosphere in the game so definitely you know music lends itself
very well to Prey and is an important part of setting the mood in the game.
Exactly. Well we'd like to give our listeners... Oh, I'm sorry?
Nothing, I was just going to say that
Jeremy and Julian Stoll did a great job in my opinion of intertwining the music with
the game. Sometimes you don't even notice there's music going because you're just so
emotionally involved, and that takes a lot of skill from a composer to do that in a video
game.
Definitely, absolutely.
Well, we'd like to give our listeners a taste of what's on this soundtrack, if you
don't mind.
So we're going to play track 10 from the Bite Me music, inspired by Prey compilation,
The opinions rendered herein are those of the guests, and not necessarily those of Douglas
And we're going to start the night by opening up the lines, and I can already tell you folks it's going to get very interesting.
I'm getting some reports of strange lights in the sky from the Oklahoma area.
Our affiliate in Oklahoma City is telling us that the state police, get this, are reporting mysterious lights all over the area.
And that they're having a hard time responding to all of the calls.
It's going to be a wild and woolly night, folks. I just know it.
Let's go to the phones.
Caller, you're on the air with Art Bennett.
Yeah, art. That's art.
Yes, it's art. Yes, it's art, caller.
Yeah, this is George from Garland.
You won't believe what's going on around here.
There's lights all over the sky. I can't believe it.
There's lights, you mean, in the sky right now?
Yeah, right now. It's amazing.
Where?
Everywhere. Right over my house.
They're moving from north to south.
Can you tell me what they look like?
Exactly what they look like. Can you tell me about it?
There's our board of wing roll, neutral side, the three board, the board float, and the bridge.
Oh my god!
Wouldn't want a boarder that was so kind of a spaceship.
It's coming right over the end of the sea.
It's beautiful!
The fellows out there in Texas giving a call, let us know what's going on in the sky, so that I can...
I'll take the next call. You're on the air with our tail.
Yes?
Our tail?
That would be a good idea.
Oh, no, no, I'm not too bad.
I don't believe you.
Boo.
Yes, you are.
Come on, come on, come on!
Strange things are happening tonight, both of you.
You've made someone disappear.
Okay Paul, you're still one of my spare clients, so expect that I could get you one of my non-weds excreting things from any other giant company.
I'm telling you, in research and awkward load of American legends, I've found several mentions
of creatures returning to Earth from a grappling point of view.
Alright, now that was Intervention by Nick Murray here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Nick is joining us tonight to talk about the soundtrack.
So Nick, Art Bell is in that song, and I remember hearing that same sample when I played through
Prey.
This guy is a legend in UFO culture.
How did you get him on board?
Well, he was actually signed on by Human Head to do some voiceovers for the game, and Human
Head Studios was nice enough to give all of the artists involved in the soundtrack a sound
tree and sound clips from the game ranging from aliens vomiting to gunshot sounds to
these voice-over samples and stuff like that, so it was really fun to try to remix that
into the music.
Now, for folks that really enjoyed that song, obviously they could pick up the Bite Me music
inspired by Prey soundtrack, but what about your own other music?
Do you have another site where you have your own music or...?
Yeah, definitely. You can just go to nickmurraymusic.com and that has my updated blog and streaming
mp3s for all my songs.
Awesome. Now, talking about one of the other bands on the CD really quick, the After Midnight
Project, of course, has the credit song from the game Take Me Home. There's actually a
whole music video that you can see on the website about this. I was on G4 and some of
the other TV stations. How did that happen? How did you guys think, oh, let's do a music
video out of this?
First of all, working with After Midnight Project has been really great throughout the
whole process.
They've been really nice to us, really involved in stuff like that, really good with promotion.
One of the guys that works with us and actually works with the video game company, who's one
of our main connections, named Jaron Moore, he has a film background and really wants
to get into film directing.
He managed that whole project, the whole music video.
He went out to L.A. and filmed the band and actually did all the editing and splicing
and the game footage and all of that, so it was a really good effort by Jern and it turned
out really well.
Awesome.
Well, congratulations on that.
I know this has been getting airplay I read about on the site, so that's great.
Now, talking about the website as a whole, directsong.com, I noticed that Prey isn't
really the only thing available there.
There's several game soundtracks like Oblivion, Dungeon Siege 2.
What do you think are the advantages of digital distribution for music?
One thing is that games are digital, so were staying within the same realms as what gamers
are used to.
Second of all, what we hope to do is give the users more game music expansion.
Right now, you can download expansion packs for Guild Wars on our website, one of the
the first games that we put up on our website,
and that music is brand new music
that will then work in-game.
So that's a really fun piece of technology
that we're offering,
besides just downloading the soundtracks.
That of course all needs to be digital
so it can work into the online games.
I noticed that's a really exciting addition
I noticed to the site,
is that you can actually download
these new soundtracks for games,
and especially when you think about an MMO type of game
like Guild Wars, where you're hearing the same music
over and over, this seems like somebody should have done this a long time ago. This is great.
Exactly. It's one of those ideas that you say, man, I wish I had thought of that.
Well, you guys did, so congratulations. Have fun raking in the money there.
Well, we hope so.
All right. Well, now just kind of out of curiosity, going to the other side of it, because we're
talking about game soundtracks as a whole, some people in the past have complained that
Why is it that you have all these B-movie soundtracks sitting on store shelves yet theres
no game soundtracks out there?
Do you think that in the end theres a market for game soundtracks in a CD-based traditional
format or is digital distribution where its at and where things are going?
Im not quite sure about that.
Weve had some producers and distributors come and talk to us about putting these on
actual CDs and putting an online store on our site and that stuff may all be in the
future as well.
Right now, this is, like I said, this site's only been up for about a year, so that's just
basically what we've been rolling out first.
In terms of long-term industry, hard for me to say on that one, but I think the gaming
music is progressing so much as a whole that it will start getting as much clout or as
much respect as movie scores as well.
I definitely agree.
It ought to be getting that same level of respect, and I hope it's coming for you guys
soon.
Now, one thing I have to ask, because we always ask folks here on Orange Lounge Radio, what
other games have you been playing?
What kind of video games have you been playing, besides Prey, Prey's Too Easy, what other
kinds of video games have you been playing lately?
Myself, I actually just bought an Xbox 360, because I was waiting for my standard Xbox
to die out, and it finally just crashed way too many times for me to even handle.
I was stuck playing FIFA 06 on my other Xbox, which actually, I've been addicted to that
game for months now.
Personally, I'm more of a sports game guy than a shooter kind of person.
Alright.
Awesome.
Do you ever do gaming online?
Do you go online and do any of that stuff?
I haven't really got into that yet.
I hope to get into that soon.
I'm kind of waking up to that whole world of online gaming.
Alright.
Anyway, if our folks want to check that out, it's music from prey
There's two soundtracks as well as the bite me music inspired by prey soundtrack. It's available on direct song calm Nick
Thanks so much for joining us tonight on the show. We really appreciate it. Thank you very much
Is there anything else you want to say?
Nope, all right
Sounds good. Thanks so much. Thank you. That's pretty cool. I know definitely the music in prey and
and Elder Scrolls and all that kind of stuff is actually pretty sweet.
Well, anyways, speaking of music, I know Microsoft's been trying
to very eagerly keep this whole Zune
thing kind of under wraps because of their surprises and how they're gonna
basically take over the whole
you know, music and portable markets.
Well anyways, Microsoft exec,
let's see, one of the top ones actually, he
is basically dismissing the PlayStation 3 and the Wii launches as just pretty much
who cares because we're gonna be, you know, launching with
our brand new Zune and all that stuff and our system is just awesome.
Anyways, it's just kinda interesting, um, reading this. This is actually being run on
MCV Interactive Entertainment Weekly and they were talking about
how because the PlayStation 3 price
being so high and how that the Wii is basically not able to compete with them
processor-wise and graphically that
Microsoft doesn't really have anything to worry about as far as
winning the next-gen console war
which I think is a bit, I don't know, that's not a very good way to look at it.
Maybe in this country.
Yeah. But I don't know. I kinda said this a long time ago on the show. It's very
interesting what this next-gen
War is going to be on a worldwide scale, because Xbox is still struggling in Japan.
Well, and I'm surprised that they don't look at it
you know with like the success of Live, you know,
it doesn't take great, you know, graphics and stuff to make an awesome game. Look at,
you know,
Geometry Wars. Look at the upcoming, you know,
Castle Crashers or whatever that was. It's simple graphics
and just fun gameplay. It doesn't need to be all...
Yeah, seriously, one of the most anticipated titles, Street Fighter II.
Street Fighter II, yeah, perfect example. I mean, it's just all about gameplay.
But, you know, they were comparing the GameCube or the Wii, it's all...
Although Wii is almost a GameCube with a DVD drive, Nintendo...
Is Nintendo going to have enough quantity
to satisfy the demand? They're talking about shortages. That's
like the pot calling the kettle black, but whatever.
But basically they said, you know, wait,
They've got a lot of Q4 surprises coming, of course with the Zune and whatever they're
going to be, possibly linking the Zune with the 360 and PC, Vista, etc.
So it should be interesting, we'll have to wait and see though.
Well there actually is a little bit more about a Nintendo game.
Okay.
Well, people by now know that we've had our little bit of excitement over Osutantakayo
and on getting a US release as Elite Beat agents.
Well there's a list released, a partial list I should say, of songs that might be in the
game.
Oh, cool.
Mm-hmm.
There's a stereogram, Walkie Talkie Man.
This is by the way coming from Bimani style.
Okay.
Deep Purple, Highway Star, Eve Six, Inside Out, Ricky Martin, Livin' La Vida Loca, Savage
garden truly madly deeply hmm okay weird al yankovic hardware store that's that's cool
i love weird al yankovic that's that's hardcore that's awesome lincoln park in the end okay just
lost interest yeah that's that's the song that should be playing while you're playing like uh
that's okay that's for the myspace kids that's fine what else
no i was actually gonna say while you're playing r-type okay um offspring hit that uh queens of
of the Stone Age go with the flow Kylie Minogue locomotion why can't they pick
any of her new stuff interesting Guns N' Roses sweet child of mine I can dig
that and Barenaked Ladies one week yeah spirits near in our chat room says lol
emo tendo well there's also some new features that are gonna be in it there's
a single card multiplayer now oh cool but there will still be multi-card
multiplayer. You can also send the equivalent of the E3 demo which is walkie talkie man
highway star and tutorial mode from the Japanese game by download play. Oh well that's kind of cool.
There's two new scenarios. There's a young man trying to win the heart of his dream girl
and a construction worker who's behind on a project and has one hour to
finish it. The hardware store sounds like the song. Yeah sounds like yeah interesting. Well
we'll see more I think was most it I'm sorry
this gives me more incentive to import I was gonna say what's most interesting
about that song list is it kinda really makes the Japanese one stand out like
these are really two different games
and for those who don't know what this game is essentially it's a rhythm game
but you use tapping you tap in rhythm on the DS I know that sounds kinda hokey
you also trace the line but you do like tracing it's
yeah a lot like um what's that game with the spinny thing
Um, Technic Beat? Technic Beat. Yeah. A little bit, yeah. Technic Beat.
Yeah, that's a fair assessment. So, but it's
Technic Beat kind of got old after a couple days. This one is funny, like the art style
and everything really keeps you into it. So I hope it doesn't lose that flair.
I hope they don't Americanize it too much. I just miss the... WENDON!
Well anyways, speaking of music,
Luminous 2 is actually getting another song called Heavenly Star.
and Tetsuya Mizuguchi and his team actually
created the song. It's supposedly insanely catchy
you know and also I'm gonna have a really awesome video to go
with background which features an alien singer. I thought that was Hollaback Girl
no I'm sorry. Incredibly catchy song with alien singer?
A simply stunning video I don't think Hollaback Girl would follow on that
But he says he was inspired by Take On Me with the video, so expecting Take On Me kind
of video, which is kind of neat.
Speaking of the game itself, they're saying it's going to have 100 new icons, which, big
deal, and basically be the same damn gameplay.
Additional 3D backgrounds and some videos, as well as puzzles and skin play, edit feature.
Hmm, kind of neat.
If there at any point is a reference to Luminous 2 going, this game is bananas, B-A-N-A-N-A-S,
I will have a video on YouTube of me smashing my PSP.
Something else that sometimes makes me want to smash something is MySpace.
By the way, join the Orange Lounge Radio MySpace, it's MySpace.com slash Orange Lounge Radio,
and Kotaku ran a very interesting observation earlier this week on their site, capturing
a very interesting MySpace ad, and you guys can maybe see that ad here in studio a little
bit.
It's got, I guess, I don't know if that's a guy or a girl or something, whispering to
a, you know, a hot chick, quote-unquote, and then there's another hot chick sitting there,
so it's like, you know, everybody's dream of two chicks, I suppose, not my dream, whatever.
I think those are two chicks about to make out.
Is it?
Okay, well, whatever.
Well, the text on there says, Horny Gamer Girls Looking For Fun, and I'm wondering,
Is this like targeted advertising by Myspace?
Because I know whenever, you know, it's no real secret on this program, I'm gay, and
whenever I log on to Myspace, that's all I ever get are gay personal sites.
Like how many freaking times I could see these ad banners is incredible.
Sadly, I will probably never see this one.
Maybe I'll get a horny gamer guys, but I somehow doubt that, doesn't seem to be the...
Is this an incentive for me to unblock ads?
You know what?
Myspace has some pretty funny ads, actually.
I remember there was one for some movie and it said the movie was just like Napoleon Dynamite
except they spelled Dynamite like DINOMITE like old school good times.
It was spelled completely wrong and it was all over the site.
I don't really know why we brought this up but I suppose gamers are being targeted in advertising on MySpace
So keep an eye out for the ad just don't click on it because then that shows you support this and there'll be more
And I said you want there to be more. I don't know I support hot, you know
Gamer girls making out with each other. I support that fully gets my endorsement. But anyways
Pig the other thing I support fully is violence in much violence now this this I can I
I think all of OLR can agree on this one. Violence in games is wonderful.
Violence is fantastic.
But anyways, in Iowa State researchers have found violent gaming sessions can reduce the psychological response or physiological response of real life violence in the short term.
term. But, I question this still. Anyways, going this further, they basically had a,
you know, 257 college students and they were made to play, you know, certain games. And
they were following like, with real life violence 20 minutes later. So they were showing them
and seeing what their reactions were. The games they made them play though, well these
are just a bit old I don't think it's a very good representation of games
nowadays Carmageddon Duke Nukem 3d Mortal Kombat future cop which were on
the violent side and I've never heard of these games glider pro 3d pinball 3d
munch man and tetra mattes on the non-violent side I'm reminded somehow
of that scene from a clockwork orange you remember that scene where they're
forcing him to watch all the movies you know I for some reason this whole story
reminds me of that because it's like they're shoving all these violent games
down someone's throat but it's gonna you know they're gonna get used to they're
gonna be numb to the imagery after a while but I I think it's not matter of
violent games I think it's a matter of boring games and non boring games I mean
say for example Carmageddon okay I'm sure that's much more exciting than 3d
Munch Man or Glider Pro, a game which sounds like it's probably on a hang
glider you're just flying around doing nothing. I'm sorry those games are boring
you know whereas you know if I'm bored to death and all of a sudden someone shows me
a shot of someone being shot point-blank I'm all whoa you know whereas you know
if I'm kind of awake I might go wow that's kind of neat. But you know I'm not going to be just like
oh my god that's really offensive because I've been playing Munch Man
instead of, you know, oh my god, I destroyed, you know, giant mutant pigs.
That does not offend me in any way.
I don't know.
I think it's kind of retarded.
Wasn't Munch Man the name of the little guy on Square One TV?
Math Man, never mind.
Munch Man, I believe, is a knock-off of probably Pac-Man.
Here's my thought.
What if they did this exact same study, but instead replaced it with the nightly news,
Pulp Fiction, Reservoir Dogs, any zombie B-movie flick from the 70s, I mean, wouldn't it all
have the same effect?
Yeah.
So this study seems to be kind of, I don't know, like targeted to kind of blame games?
Like it's skewed.
Yeah.
Like it seems like there needed to be a control here.
I think so.
Are games more desensitizing than the nightly news or than movies?
That's the study I want to see.
Show me a comparison.
just throw these numbers at me you know what I mean
that's my problem with it. Darkstalker do you have a thought on this at all?
As far as the desensitization goes
um there's already a lot of exposure
honestly I mean it's like you take the child who grows up never able to watch
the news never able to watch TV never able to play a video game
and how are they when they grow up and see what the real world is like
you know, go pretty nuts. And then you take one who may not have been allowed to play
video games, but they watch the news with their parents, I think they'll be just as
equally desensitized from it as someone who's an avid gamer.
You know, I've been gaming for a long time now, and I believe you as well have been gaming
a long time, and Matt, you as well have been gaming a long time, Andrew, also been gaming
a long time. Do you feel that you're desensitized to violence?
I've been desensitized to violence, but not from games. I think it was more from watching violent cartoons, violent anime, violent anything.
It's not necessarily violence, it's just that we see this on TV every day, and you know, watching, you know,
I'd say movies are worse than games, because so what in games you can control the action, big frickin' whoop.
I can control the action on a DVD player too, I can rewind, I can freeze frame, it doesn't matter.
The whole thing is, just like with Saw, for example, let's take Saw, that's a perfect example.
You have, you know, a basic movie where someone is kidnapped and they have a giant device on their face with spikes in it that's gonna basically, you know, slam into them and kill them.
Well, and they also show someone sawing off their foot.
I think that's a lot more violent than, say, Duke Nukem 3D, which has pixelated graphics that look like a cartoon.
Did anyone throw a fit when you know the Roadrunner, you know got Wile E. Coyote the fall off a cliff
That's hundreds of hundreds of feet that he fell to his death. But oh sure he came back later on guess what?
That's what happens when you shoot the pig it spawns later on so I don't see what the big deal is
For me, um
I've been gaming a long time
I've played a lot of violent games and a lot of you know funny violent games
Like I love Mortal Kombat but like real blood like my brain totally knows the difference between game movie and real life
Because like I could watch somebody cut their cut their hand and they need stitches and I freak out like I'm like, oh my god
It's real blood gross gross, you know, I get all freaked out, you know, I'm totally one of those I get you know
I you drive by a horrific car accident and I'm gonna cry if I see a body, you know, like it's
And even watching the news you see a lot of horrible stuff on the news and I just feel I feel depressed
You know I my brain knows the difference between the two I can I can feel that you know reaction to real blood
But then I can play a game, and I think it's funny because it's not real because yeah
You're smart enough to know it's not real
Well, I like the hell is wrong with people if they don't know what's real and don't know what's not real
That's the bigger problem not being desensitized to violence being desensitized to what's reality. What's not reality
That's the big problem right there, and I think if people are that retarded well
Well, they need to be put in some sort of mental hospital because obviously they're
not fit for society.
True.
No, no, no.
I think that, again, this goes back to parental responsibility.
It is their job.
When they brought that life into the world, they had an unwritten contract that they would
make sure that this entity would grow up to be a functional member of society
that if they could not become a functional member of society they would
help them seek the treatment they need and so therapist bull and not using if
there's anything else might be causing the problem but you know I think that a
good parent will pay attention to what their child you know I admit you know
child is gonna be sneaky I was a sneaky kid you know they're not gonna be able
able to be there 24-7, but if a parent takes an active interest in what their children
are doing, participates in their life instead of dictates their life, you know what I mean?
Then, um, we, I don't think there'll be as much of a, they don't have a right to blame
a game when it's their responsibility for making sure that their child turns out how
they feel is right and if they if they think that the game is going to
desensitize them to violence later and want them to retain a feeling of
sensitivity they need to limit how much their child's gonna play it I think
that's the problem with human nature these days people are far more apt to
blame other things other objects blame the TV blame a video game for what's
really the problem you want your kid is just a maladjusted dick it's a it's a
lack of accountability. I really think it's a lack of self-accountability. You have no
one to blame for what goes on in your life but yourself and how you act on it.
For example, here's another thing I think that's also the main problem with this study
is the footage that is shown, the real-life footage, it basically was courtroom outbursts,
police confrontations, shootings, and prison fights. Can you, I'm sorry, cops, the TV,
stuff is out there all the time in any of your dramas like 24 I mean how many
law and order police you know dramas out there right now this stuff is all over
the place like and people aren't probably surprised about that because
it's like yeah I've seen that before you know it's kind of like you know I don't
know it's it's like a like a like Pamela Anderson naked I've seen that before
for it's not surprising it's not like wow oh my god I was not expecting her to
have breasts under there but it's just you know it's not surprising you're not
gonna be and for example if you're like you know playing these boring ass
knockoffs of games by the sound of the generic names that they have 3d munch
man who you know if you're playing that then all of a sudden they show you no
you know prison fight I'm like hell yes a lot better than 3d munch man I mean
so I don't know what the hell they were expecting.
All right, I gotta let our chat room have a say here
over at orangelaunchradio.com, click on chat.
Eddie of the OL Army says my mom played Halo
for a few weeks with me when I first got my Xbox.
Oh, that's cute.
Good for your mom.
Yeah, I know, you know the family that plays together
is closer, I don't know, I don't know.
That sounds almost dirty though, but that's not true.
GK128 says there is a difference between violence
in a video game and violence from say a real video
where a dude is blown to bits from a torrent.
That's gross, but true.
Darth Tetsuya says Hello Kitty drove him to violence.
Hello Kitty drives everyone to violence.
Funnydale seems to think Munch Man was a knockoff
of an 80s porn film, actually.
Leave it to him to make the funny.
All right, any other thoughts on this topic?
We'd love to get your thoughts in our mailbag.
Mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
If you want to send us some emails,
Jamie's going to be digging into the mail back in our next segment.
I sure will.
Alright.
I think this time I'm going to need like an extra thick hazmat suit this time.
Alright.
Maybe some asbestos gloves.
Just one last thing.
If they want to test whether people are desensitized to violence, you know, they don't need to
show courtroom battles, cops, that kind of thing, like Loki said.
Show us some pictures of some guy with his head blown off by a shotgun, you know, stuff
you would see on shock sites.
Yeah.
that will test your sensitivity to violence.
The courtroom battle made me think of Phoenix Wright, sorry.
Objection! Exactly, people don't need to see that. I've seen pictures of people eating babies.
I mean that's pretty disturbing, so...
courtroom, or like
outbursts in a courtroom. I've never seen that in a movie before.
Cops, oh my god, never seen Cops before. I object to where the show is headed so I
think it's time that we have a break.
Speaking of violence real quick, though, I need to get this out here.
If you don't listen to the rebroadcast of Orange Lounge Radio over on AllGames.com,
there will be violence.
Yeah, we'll poke you in the nose and call you a poopy head.
And, by the way, we're moving times over there.
There have been some schedule changes over at AllGames,
and you East Coasters are going to love this.
The show is now Mondays at 5 o'clock Pacific Standard Time,
which would be 8 o'clock for you East Coasters.
So if we're making you stay up too late on a Sunday,
You can always listen to the show in its entirety, parts A and B, over on allgames.com on Monday
nights.
And that's right after the big live show they do, All Games Interactive, which is taped
live at the Arena Interactive Lounge, home of the E3 Outpost, and I don't know what's
going to happen with that next year.
We'll see in light of what we've talked about earlier in this segment.
Alright, so let's go to a break.
We'll be back a little later with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
