Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 192, we're back here on this part
Part B of our podcast, and after a very exciting and strange Part A, we're back here to bring
you some more gaming news.
If you're brand new to the Orange Launch Radio podcast, welcome.
We podcast our show twice a week on our podcast feed, so this is the second half that you're
hearing right now.
If you want to download the first half, you need to fire up iTunes or whatever you're
using to get your podcast and just head on back in the archive and you can download the
first half of the show.
Or you can always listen to both parts back to back when you listen live to Orange Launch
Radio.
live on Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific Standard Time on OrangeLoungeRadio.com
or if you'd miss that because you're watching, you know, Big Brother or
something that's on Sunday nights, you can always catch us on the All Games
syndication and that's available at AllGames.com Monday nights at 7 p.m.
Pacific Standard Time right after All Games Interactive or a couple times
throughout the afternoon on Tuesday. So check that out. We're here to talk about
video games and get right back into the news. Who's starting us off tonight?
That would be me.
All right, Queen Dark Sakura, what's up?
Hell yeah.
Actually, we've got some good news for our European listeners.
Actually, it's also good news for our American listeners.
There was a release from Nintendo of America stating that there was a small number of DS
lights that had a crack in the casing on the left-hand side of the hinge, and it's just
above the power connector, and it's like 0.02% of the units have it, so they're fixing those
for free.
Nintendo of Europe basically has announced that any faulty DS lights will
be repaired for free as long as the fault in question is covered under the
valid warranty. So basically they're saying that if you have a problem with
it you need to contact the local customer service area for a
Nintendo. The DS lights carry a one-year warranty for manufacturing defects. If
it's covered under the warranty it will be repaired for free. So if you live in
the UK the number to call for Nintendo's customer service and I have no idea how
the phone numbers work at 0 8 7 0 6 0 6 0 2 4 7 open 8 30 to 7 p.m. at national
rate you can also email at Nintendo service center at codestorm.co.uk and
that center spelled American way I think yeah um it's the whole my DS is on crack
saga is very interesting what's been going on with this because the Nintendo
kind of first came out and said it's not a problem but then just a couple days
later they kind of did this and not just in the UK but I know they got something
similar going on in the US as well both the DS lights I've seen on miklotov has
one of my roommate extrovert has one and they're not cracking yet so neither yeah
oh that's right you got one too it doesn't seem like it's this huge
epidemic but it's very interesting that Nintendo is kind of listening to the
internet buzz and kind of saving their ass from internet skewing left and right.
It's kind of interesting.
It's good customer service.
Well, they might actually be skewing the numbers of how many DS lights are cracked.
For example, this was pointed out actually by Max Consul Reader, there's a photo taken
at the New York City flagship Nintendo World Store and guess what?
Six to seven or you know six to eight of the DS lights in the store had the cracks.
Some of them were hairline cracks that were developing and some were just full blown cracks.
So that doesn't sound like.02% to me.
So food for thought.
Anyways speaking of other things including the DS here we've got a brand new game coming
to the DS which is actually kind of an interesting name. It translates to Mario Nation Gears
and there's going to be 100 varieties of mechs which not all of them will be simple two legged
robots. Some of the machines will resemble insects while some others transform the vehicles
and they'll have a variety of weapons from bows to firearms. Sounds very interesting
It says the game is going to be played in full 3D, and the bottom screen is going to
show the mech controls, which can be operated using the touch stylus.
And I don't know, very interesting, especially with this game, also kind of with Mario Nation
Gear, maybe a Mario themed mech game, that's kind of...
Because Mario has to be in everything!
Exactly, but yeah, I don't know, it's a different type of game, that's for sure.
All right, well we go from a new DS game to a classic DS game, or what's quickly becoming
a classic, Animal Crossing Wild World.
I don't know, I got a little sick of this game a while ago, but I know some folks still
play the hell out of it.
Dark Sakura.
Hey, it's because my friends play it.
Nothing wrong with that, it's a fun game.
And guess what, maybe some new life coming very soon to Animal Crossing Wild World, thanks
to your local Toys R Us.
They're going to have DS download stations at Toys R Us with six exclusive virtual gifts.
You can get a one up mushroom, a star, a fire bar, I know you love fire, gold flag, a question
box and a pipe.
And you can use this to decorate your virtual house and make all your internet friends jealous
that you went to Toys R Us.
You can get these downloads through July 29th at your Toys R Us.
Are you going to do that, Dark Sakura?
I might, just so that I can, I'm going to probably get rid of my bathroom that I'm building
in my house and make a Nintendo room so that my HRA score goes up.
Did you ever rebuild your shrine to fire?
No, I did not.
I have a bathroom and I have a room with a bath in it.
I have the outdoor bath.
I have my huge-ass Japanese room.
I have a classic room, because I always make a classic room, and I have a green room, although
the green room might be turned into a shrine to fire.
I do, however, have the bonfire.
I just haven't used it.
All right.
Yeah, now for those that don't know, Dark Sakura on the GameCube version of Animal Crossing
had a shrine to fire that I always felt compelled to visit.
One of the items was just a giant camp fire, right?
That was a big bonfire.
And then you had all these drums that would play, and all the little gyro thingies, or
whatever those are called, that would gyrate around...
Bowing down to the fire, and the music was like...
It was the Japanese festival music.
Scary.
Scary stuff.
And they had like biwa loots in the back.
Hitstun says you should play Second Life and get a Shrine of Fire in Second Life.
I've thought about it.
It's one of those virtual world games.
I've checked out briefly.
I need to...
to it. Okay. Jimmy at OrangeLoungeRadio.com. I know, I think
our buddies at All Games have something set up there and I think our pictures in
the game because of that
but I don't know if there's an Orange Lounge area. Maybe I should be.
Well, we just kinda hang out in the All Games area, which is fine.
Oh, thank you Andrew. Andrew's gonna make us one. Alright.
Anyway, um, let's keep it moving I guess.
Well, I like Animal Crossing a whole lot
you well know
So, uh, guess what? I'm all hyper and excited about
double to know Marie the movie hooray for those who don't know what that means it means animal forest which was
The Japanese name of Animal Crossing. I actually own that game, you know, I have the GameCube one in Japanese
But that's another story. Um, I thought it was a Nintendo 64 game originally originally it was yes
Oh, but I have the GameCube one gotcha because I have the the whole unlock disk thing
And actually the reason I bought it was to help my help my reading skills go up
but anyway, um, but yeah, they have released there is a a
Movie coming out. It's got a cute trailer online
In fact, if you want to go see the official website for it
it's at Doubutsu no Mori dash movie dot JP
I'll spell that out for people who don't know how
D-O-U-B-U-T-S-U-N-O-M-O-R-I
dash movie dot JP slash index dot HTML
it has interactive content online and also the trailer is available
online if you do not know how to read Japanese
guess I have a quick follow up on the Second Life thing apparently all
gamesville actually was taken down funnydale says the guy who set it up had
to delete the arena lounge from second life because he needed to save money
cry so well we'll just have to build it again
except this time it'll be the orange lounge mega dome but you know
we'll have all games make it boredom of course as well
yeah well that's that's very interesting but um anywho um
I was going to mention there were some actual new Wii pages that were on the Nintendo site,
the official Nintendo site there, and super secret stuff was on there.
Of course, it's kind of funny because the Wii pages ended up being on there, but they
weren't finished yet.
And so, yeah.
But basically what we found out is that, of course, the Wii is going to be using the same
friend codes that we all love to hate on the DS, so that was very interesting, as well
as Wii Music is going to be a full blown game for the Wii, which is pretty awesome. And
Wii Music for those who might not remember during E3 was kind of like that demo where
you're conducting the orchestra, so very interesting. Among other things, of course, more information
about the Wii Connect 24, and just kind of talking about some of the upcoming games,
most of which were announced at E3.
But of course, if you want to check it out now, you can't because Nintendo pulled down
the site and all the links.
You know someone saved the cache file.
No, but I do have screenshots, and I will hopefully upload them later.
Sweet!
Did you get to check this out yourself before they took it out?
No, I got to check out the screenshots of the website.
So it was interesting though, to be honest it wasn't anything that we hadn't already
really known.
No earth-shattering news.
Nothing new, no new like games announced or anything like that, so.
Alright, well if you are excited to get your chance to play the Wii, you might get your
chance a little sooner than you thought.
According to Punk News, the Nintendo Fusion Tour this year, you know how Nintendo sponsors
this tour, the music fest every year they take around the country, I think didn't they
have Evanescence one year I want to say?
Maybe I'm on crack, I don't know, but they have different artists that do this.
They're actually going to feature the Wii console at Nintendo Fusion, and you will be
able to try the console for yourselves hands-on.
Hopefully no five-hour lines like E3, but seeing as probably that many people that were
in that line wouldn't be able to fit into a freaking arena, I don't know, hopefully
your chances will be much better to actually get a chance to play the Wii.
So if you're not feeling so hot about the bands, hey, go and you can play the Wii while
the main bands on stage, but then again, that is an awful lot of money just to play a Wii,
so you really have to be a true Nintendo fanboy or fangirl to want to do that.
But hey, if you go, have fun and email us and tell us how it went for you.
Exactly.
And it's kind of funny, though, about the whole Wii thing.
Actually, there was reports that EA had leaked the release date for the Wii in the UK.
And well the date ends up being November 3rd, 2006.
And this was attached to the game Need for Speed Carbon which was posted as I guess a
launch title.
What's interesting though is that happens to be about, oh I don't know, just about two
weeks or so after the October 18th day.
And remember how we were speculating October 18th would be the actual launch day for the
Wii of the United States.
It makes sense that there would be a two-week delay until the Wii came out in the UK.
I seem to remember we talked about some story on the show before, though, that supported
a six-week delay for the UK, and that's why some release dates had leaked for the
UK, like Red Steel or something.
You have to go back in the archives a few episodes, but that UK delay seems to shift
around when they bring up these different ideas for release dates.
I don't know, but to be honest though, November 3rd as the release date for Need for Speed
Carbon sounds, I don't know, it sounds a little bit late to me, because I know Carbon's coming
out in October in the United States.
I don't know, if that were true, if that actually was the launch date for the UK, I would say that the 18th is pretty feasible for the United States.
But right now it's just completely rumor based, and even rumor based on seeing this date, because there are obviously titles that come out a week or two later than the release date.
So, I don't know. Interesting nonetheless.
I'd have to say so. Well, as far as the release dates go, I actually do have a list of release dates for the 28th in the UK, if anybody is interested.
Sure, I want to know, even though I don't live there, but I know our friends that live there want to know.
Civ City Rome is coming out, Civilization 4 Warlords, Field Commander Formula 106, Juiced
Eliminator, Pac-Man World 3 on the PC, Shin Megami Tensei, Siphon Filter, Dark Mirror,
The Ant Bully, Tokyo Extreme Racer, and Tringo on Game Boy Advance.
The US isn't getting much more stuff being released, but anyways, let's see here, Tech
in Dark Resurrection, which is going to be a pretty big game of course, Painkiller Hell
Wars is going to be coming out so far, I think that game actually might be delayed again,
but who knows, Civ IV Warlords for the PC, Civ City Rome also on the PC, other than that,
I think, what was it, Ant Bully is coming out on the consoles and the portables.
That's about it.
There's a big, you know, blank space there until the week of the 31st, which you're going
to be getting flat out to in Barnyard and stuff like that.
I was going to say, August is getting closer and closer, and that's when we're going to
start seeing at least some 360 titles and stuff.
Three more weeks until my fucking Dead Rising comes out.
That is going to make me a very happy camper.
Even I'm pretty excited about Dead Rising.
In Dead Rising, every video I see of Dead Rising is more kick ass than the last.
I like the undead.
You must be interested in Dead Rising, too, though.
I mean getting to kill zombies with anything you want.
I love zombies.
I especially love watching them score.
You are a zombie some days.
Some days.
I've seen you in the morning.
You have seen me in the morning.
I'm like...
It's like in that scene in Shaun of the Dead where he's just getting up and stumbling to
the door.
U Vaccine!
Like that.
I love that movie.
Alrighty, well thank you for the release date news, and
you know, I feel sometimes left out when we do release dates, because Dark Sakura
does them and Loki does them, so I'm gonna figure out
like what our third... You can do the Ugandan one.
I forgot to mention some stuff, I was gonna confirm a few things.
There's a Rumor Control, or not Rumor Control,
Retail Radar thing, Retard Radar.
Now Retail Radar segment that they did on GameSpot,
It was talking about Oblivion on the PS3 which I've been seeing for weeks now
by the way. Yes, it is on the PS3. It is coming out. We have
a date now. It's like November 2nd or something like that.
It's coming out on the PSP in March too, which I thought was really
interesting.
PS3 is not out till November 17th question?
Oh, I'm sorry. I thought you said PS3. No, PS3 is in November.
My bad. Yeah, so I thought that was really interesting.
That's all I got.
As I was saying, I feel left out when it comes to release dates.
I need to figure out what our third most listened to country is and do the release
dates for there.
I think it's Australia. You should do the Australian release dates.
I'll look into that, or maybe I could rotate around some of the other
countries that listen to us.
Honestly, maybe we should start covering Japanese release dates. Actually, that's not a bad idea.
Maybe we could go back and forth or something. We'll see what to do.
I'll have to tutor you.
No, if we go there, then we're switching, and you can do Japanese release dates, I'll
do UK release dates, and that's easier for me, because I've never taken a class.
Anyway, we'll talk about that at our next staff meeting.
For now, let's talk about what Microsoft might be talking about at their staff meetings,
Blu-ray, and what the hell they're going to be doing about it.
Well, actually, Major Nelson actually interviewed Amir Majidimer on his latest podcast, I suppose,
or I'm sorry, blogcast, as he calls it, and his group, Amir's group at Microsoft, oversees
the audio-video compression technologies and had something interesting to say about Blu-ray.
According to Majidamir, Blu-ray moves the recording surface very close to the top layer
of the disk, protected by just a very thin coating, and this makes maintaining the high
reliability of disks during the actual manufacturing process much more difficult.
This factor is a really big difference between Blu-ray and HD-DVD.
Well, HD-DVD, like traditional DVDs, actually protects its data between two layers of protective
plastic above and below, thus making the manufacturing of the disks much more reliable.
So kind of interesting there, the differences between the two formats, because I don't know,
I guess when you look at them on an HD TV, there probably won't be a whole lot of difference,
but it's hard for me to say when I haven't seen a lot of demos of Blu-ray.
We shall see if Sony's next format takes off or ends up going the way of UMD.
We'll see.
I've been hearing not good about it, though.
We'll see.
I don't know.
I'm thinking maybe it's just because it's easy to pick on Sony right now, but I try
to keep some hope, but it gets harder and harder every day.
Anyways, there's some actual funny stuff coming out here from an EA employee who admitted
to releasing crappy games. I know EA is kind of a scapegoat here, but they do have a lot
of games that are just ports, especially the next gen stuff. You may remember the Xbox
360 launch and how a lot of the games were just ports of the current gen stuff with slightly
more high res graphics or whatever. But anyways, there's actually a YouTube video out there
now that you can play, and it's kind of interesting. A little bit of a funny, you know, funny little
thing there. So, check it out.
Alright, well, crappy games do not make us happy gamers, and when we're not happy, we
We get ranty.
Why don't you start us off with our favorite segment, the FUs of the week, DarkSagra.
Oh my god, it's so hot.
FU to the hot.
Dear son, piss off.
I want it to be dark, even more I want it to stay dry, and even more than that I want
it to be a nice 72 degrees outside.
With slight overcast, and okay maybe not dry, maybe a little touch of water in the air so
that it doesn't hurt to breathe.
I tried breathing outside and it felt like I was breathing plaster.
It sucked.
So an F.U. goes to our 113 degrees today.
Even worse that it's night time and 95 degrees.
I had our thermostat sit down to 70.
It read 85.
That's not right.
Celsius maybe.
And a sub F.U. to everyone who complains about the quote humidity Rob.
Oh screw off.
Piss off.
Piss off right back at you.
It's not humid.
I'm gonna have to say F you to my cable being out, or not my cable, but my internet being
out at home.
Comcast decided to take a crap because, uh, did you pay the bill?
Yes, I paid the bill.
Yes, because that's why my internet stops working and my cable's fine, because I didn't
pay the bill.
That doesn't make any sense at all.
Anyways, um, so yeah, um, that really sucks and I couldn't, um, read news and check out
porn I guess.
So, that made me a very sad Loki.
My FU of the week goes to Coldstone for being a diet's worst enemy.
I'm a victim of deliciousness, what can I say?
Andrew!
Who's been awfully quiet this segment.
Surely you have something for this.
Oh hell yes.
Alright, I'm going to have to repeat that FU to the hot with a few things added on.
FU to the shitty air conditioner that is in our house.
temperature climbs up, air conditioner decides to take a shit, and it's suddenly 95 degrees
in the house. No wonder you're here tonight. At night! No wonder you're here tonight. And
it's so hot, it has never been so hot in my house that my computer will not run games.
My video card overheats and takes a shit, locks up the system within two minutes. Wow.
is that hot. What are you gonna do?
I don't know. You're gonna have to run to target and get a room?
I think I will spend the night in the lawn and sleep in sprinklers.
That is the only course of action for me.
Gosh.
Well good luck to you, sucker. End the angst. Alright, yes, let's end the angst.
Let's end the angst and get to our listeners, because they rock!
we love our listeners and we have a segment that we've been doing for a
couple weeks now called the voicemails of the week and we'd love to get your
feedback
on different topics and last week's topic that we gave to you guys for the
voicemails of the week
was our games too easy. We have two voicemails we want to play for you tonight
and here's the first feedback on the our games too easy topic.
My name is Jack Monkey Upload and basically I'm sending you a question of the week
and games back in the day were a lot cheaper to make
And you'd only have like two guys, two or three guys, and it only takes them a couple months to make a game.
And I spent most of their time making the game itself, and the levels were like really easy to make, it wouldn't take that much time.
But nowadays, the levels for like these, the new games are spent with like hundreds of maybe thousands of people.
And like a lot of them are artists that just maybe work on just the levels, and some of them I only worked on the end levels.
and you spend like tens of millions of dollars on a game, you want everyone to play like the majority of the way through.
Because if most people only play through like half a million dollars worth of your game,
then you might as well just spend half a million on it instead of spending ten million.
Yeah, I think this trend is also going to increase because next-gen games are getting really expensive,
So you're going to see games that like anybody can complete just so they'll get through the majority of it and see everything.
Alright, that's all I wanted to say. I'll listen to you guys again.
Actually at Classic Gaming Expo, I went to a panel for the guy who did, um, oh god I can't
remember the names, who did, um, like, uh, combat in Pac-Man, in Battlezone, in a lot
of those, uh, old, uh, you know, Atari classics, and they're, you know, basically saying about
how they were expected to crank out, you know, arcade perfect versions, as close to perfect
versions of arcade games, and how, you know, what they had to work with then, and yeah,
was a lot cheaper to produce back then. I mean given inflation though and the cost of production
even comparatively it was still probably cheaper to make games then. Took less time even though
they were basically hand coding and didn't have the tools to do it. You know they would create
their own tools from scratch. I think though that now because we have such a greater capacity a lot
more does go into it and you do have more people you got to pay it does cost more. So yeah they
They have to make these levels cost effective, and on top of that, they also have to think
about the attention span of the average gamer today, too.
Andrew, do you have a thought, too?
My take on it is, nowadays, game making is a big business, it's like Hollywood, and it's
not so much that we're playing games anymore as that we're watching them, we're experiencing
them, and they've got to have the deep storyline, all that kind of stuff.
You take how hard games like, say, Ghouls'n'Ghosts was, and then you compare it to, you know,
this isn't a completely fair analogy, you compare it to Prey, which just came out.
It's not so much you're playing a game anymore, you're playing a movie.
So much went into it, and there's just one way that they want you to play through it
so you experience the way that they want you to do it.
Now, Prey is one of the most easy first-person shooters I've ever played in my life.
isn't saying much, but it's just there's one way that they want you to play it
and usually it's the easiest way because they want you to finish it. They want you
to experience the whole thing. Prey is also interesting when you talk about
those big budgets and stories because like it doesn't... I was talking about
this in my review of the demo last week. There's no real cutscenes in Prey, at
least it seems like. Everything is very seamless. Yeah, they took a cue from
Half-Life 2. Well, from Doom 3, really, and its engine. But yeah, yeah, I mean, yeah,
Yeah, it all kind of comes back to that.
I sort of like the cinematic element games though.
I do too.
I think Prey is a beautiful game.
Did anyone ever play Berserk on Dreamcast?
Oh, I was going to say Berserk on Atari 2600 with the bouncy happy face, but no, I haven't
played the...
Actually, it came out before we got the anime over here and I started actually picking up
the fan subs after that and downloading manga scans just because it was like freaking playing
through the anime.
It was so perfect.
There was so much good...
I like the games, though, that give a more in-depth story.
I think that it has a lot of the action that you want,
but at the same time, you're compelled to keep playing
because the story is so good.
Well, let's hear another voicemail
from our second voicemail and last voicemail for tonight
on this same topic.
Hey, what's up, Orange Onions Radio?
This is PDF40 from Michigan.
And I think about the video games getting harder.
I don't think they're getting harder.
I think they're getting less accessible for people.
Like back when Pac-Man and stuff was out, the controllers had a lot less buttons, it
was just like an A and a B. It's not that they're getting harder, it's just less accessible.
Think of it.
Back then there was only 2D games, and now we have a whole other dimension, and there's
a ton more objectives nowadays, and the controllers have so many more buttons on them.
Even though it's easier to beat the game, they're just harder to play.
So I just think video games are now less accessible to the average person.
They're just easier to us because we're gamers.
Thanks guys, see ya.
Interesting.
Kind of talking about the accessibility to everybody.
So what do you guys think?
That's a very valid point.
I mean, actually I think that that's the point that Nintendo is trying to do with the Wii
controller trying to simplify things and make it to where it's more attractive.
In one degree, it's not as simple.
To another degree, I think it's very simplifying.
You move your hand, that's all you do.
I think that that whole accessibility thing of being able to actually get into it, being
able to pick up the controller and know what to do with it, I think that's a lot of the
issue that we have these days.
it more accessible to people who don't have the patience to read the damn manual.
A lot of people don't. I mean, you're going to have a hard time telling a non-gamer to
read the manual. I'm sorry, that's bitter tech support coming
through again. Yeah, right. Anyway, thank you guys so much
for the voicemails of the week, and of course we don't always have enough time to play everything
that we get, but we do try to listen to all of the voicemails. Actually, we do listen
to every single voicemail, and we really appreciate you guys calling in. If you want to leave
us a voicemail.
The number is 916-226-9067.
Please keep in mind that is not a toll-free call.
If you don't pay the bill, ask whoever does their permission first.
Or if you want to do it the free way, you just download a little program called Skype,
it's very popular, and you can call username OrangeLoungeRadio and leave us your voicemail
that way.
Here's your topic for this week.
We just had Loki tell us a story about EA talking about releasing crappy games and kind
of apologizing for that.
We want to know what company do you think needs to be apologizing for a video game right about now or a piece of hardware?
So we'll leave that to you guys
Whatever you want call in all right
I mean
20 years later does Atari still actually 22 years later does Atari?
Don't let dark soccer influence you we want to know what you think on this topic
So please call us any time during the week and leave us a voicemail speaking of things that of entities that suck
It looks like Sony's trying to make our friends over in the UK bend over and take it
just like they're doing for us as in there there is a
Notice that was out that both the 20 gigabyte and 60 gigabyte versions of PlayStation 3 are going to be out in the UK
However, not both of them on launch day
They're working by consulting with some of the different merchandisers to, you know,
basically set up the different SKUs for both items.
There is a note that though it may not necessarily be both at launch.
In fact, there's a quote here from David Wilson from Sony UK saying
that he actually doesn't know.
Um, he explained that Sony has to face, um, what the challenge would be of offering a
choice without confusing the consumers, meeting the needs of the retailers, et cetera, blah
blah blah.
Um, however, they are actually saying though that for preordering a PlayStation 3, it is
going to be a hundred and thirty pounds, a hundred and fifty pounds.
That's a, uh, retail suggestion.
Hmm.
Well, we'll see.
That's expensive, man.
Yeah, poor guys in the UK getting screwed on those prices.
Their tax rate's higher over there too, so they get double screwed, don't they?
Yeah, well the final price is again, it's November 17th in Europe, 600 Euros, converting
to 425 pounds in the UK.
Interesting.
Well, they're going to need to make all the money that they can because according to an
an IBM engineer is making a comment about their chip yields for the cell processor and
how hard it is to get these chips to be made right.
Basically he's saying that for every sheet that they press, 10-20% of them work.
And that's it.
And it costs, say for example, $1,000 to produce a wafer with 100 chips on it.
And if only 10 or 20 of those are going to be working, that increases the cost of the
system significantly.
So that's not very good.
But yeah, I don't know, this is not good for anything.
And I'm wondering if you've got a problem with, you know, before we were speculating
that there are going to be shortages on the systems anyways, imagine if you will, that
let's just say you've got the blu-ray shortages, you have the cell processor chip shortages
or expenses or whatever I mean are we gonna see a lot of these consoles at
launch and is the launch even going to be happening when they say they are well
now I think this story just barely missed the cut for tonight but I seem to
remember reading somewhere that the ps3s have actually gone into production now
at this point finally so and I unfortunately have a lot more details
than that but you know it's all you pretty much mean no ps3s are finally on
their way so I mean you see that Sony's gearing up for this you know with with a
a lot of people are starting to get nervous, like are they going to have enough time, well
now okay maybe they could do this, but wow this chip thing really has me wondering, but
how long have they been going at the chips?
I don't know, but they basically, this was coming from the Guardian technology blog,
and they were saying, this is just an assumption of how much it costs to produce a chip, since
you have to do a whole wafer at a time, you say for example you can produce 100 chips
per wafer. And if there's no defects at all, you get 100 good chips for $10 each. Now,
if the defect rate is 99%, you only get one chip per wafer and it costs you $1000. So
if 10-20% of the chips are working, that's pretty expensive. And that's assuming there's
not going to be any glitches or whatever with this stuff. I don't know. It's not good, but
you know what? I think that they're going to be able to find some way to keep the cost
down obviously you know they know what they're doing so we'll see all right I
you know I got a look at chat room going on here blaze revolution says it's 17
and a quarter percent in the UK for the tax that's vicious Wow let's see
ol army Eddie says $200 to pre-order a ps3 here and I know he's in Vancouver
because I was talking about my recent vacation with him let's see what else
blaze revolution simply says push back the release date then go back and fix
this crap
they're not going to do that you know
and ravens dolphin says it's a rumor sky a rumor
it's everything's rumored until you know they come out and say it and they're not
gonna so you know what we'll just find out when the launch happens and we'll see what
you know what's going on here comes the doom and gloom too we have anoosh says
uh... i'm sorry if i pronounce that wrong i always have to apologize for that
says uh... anoosh says the end of sony core is close
and uh... quicksilver says i think sony is screwed
I don't think it's going to be the end of them. No, they're a huge company. They still have
wagas.
And the whole thing is they could come out with something you know really
remarkable that we don't know about that they're just kinda keep it under wraps.
The thing is right now though, it's kind of just you know the trend where
everyone's posting you know doom and gloom stories about them.
We're not going to know until we actually see the launch of what's going on.
Because say for example
they're only getting you know twenty percent per you know yield or whatever.
They're obviously not going to just stick with that you know oh damn you know eighty
percent of those don't work oh well I guess we'll just have to produce more no they're
going to figure out why they're not working and fix that problem no they're going to bring
out a new peripheral called the ibotoi laser in our chat room says uh laser one two three
four five three one says uh no sony has a good plan it's easier to just replace everything
than it is to qa yeah remember when remember when all we had to worry about was discrete
errors now look at all this shit remember back on um for the first playstation um how
you know you'd have to end up turning your system upside down or sideways because the
laser mechanism.
Wasn't aligned right? Exactly. They started actually just selling replacement parts for
thirteen bucks.
This might be
it for Sony and PlayStation. I don't know.
I don't know. I don't know if I'd go that far. Well,
anyway, we've been talking a lot about chips and
this is something interesting you could do with that chip inside your DS Lite.
You know how you can like overclock your computer? Well, a Japanese gamer has
figured out a way to overclock your DS
light. Now obviously this is not an easy process but if you want to check it out
you can head over to Engadget. They ran a story on July 19th on how to
overclock your Nintendo DS and this process will probably take you several
hours. You have to open up your DS light, drill a hold in the side, solder several
different areas on it, and make sure you don't touch too much of the bad areas
that will break the whole damn thing. And now this has been translated into
English if you want to take a look at this I believe the site is ndshotmod.com
but of course remember this would be violating your warranty nice proof of
concept but what exactly is it supposed to accomplish it just overclocking it's
just for homebrew stuff I don't know this essentially what this hack will do
reports are saying it will actually physically increase the speed of
of visuals and sound between 1.4 times and 1.7 times which means it's pretty
much unplayable it's uncontrollable high-pitched music and rather a pain in
the butt to be playing so this is something you do you thought why are
you where got fast only because you're like a hardcore hacker like the same
type of person that would install Linux on a toaster this is for you have fun
Have fun.
VX Jason XB, this is something he'd do, right?
No, actually I know several people who are engineers who would do it.
Personally, I think the better hack that they had was for the original DS where you can
actually make it as bright as a DS Lite using a firmware upgrade.
I'm still plenty pleased with my Game Boy Advance and After Burner.
That was awesome.
And speaking of awesome, I have another story.
Cartoon Network has a new massively multiplayer online game coming out.
They're working with, I guess it's Griggan Entertainment, to make one that will have
Blue, Ben 10, Mac, and the kids next door.
And I love Kotaku because the writing is so honest and, you know, takes no prisoners.
Basically saying that it sounds like a formula for instant crap.
However, there's a couple, um, Toontown Online, what?
Disney has a Toontown Online thing for...
Shush!
Stop distracting me!
Shush!
Where's the ferret when we need it?
I don't even know.
He died.
The game is going to be a free download, um, it's actually, you'll have a subscription
service that you'll have to pay for and you can just download the game, but it will be
an East meets West approach that, um, sort of like going to be having your Western cartoon
characters mixing it up with anime, and they said that it should be out around spring 2008.
Interesting.
I think, I agree with the formula for crap, honestly.
Now, my question is, will they put in some of the Adult Swim stuff? Like, could we
have Pee-Wee's Playhouse and Saved by the Bell? That would rock.
Seriously, um, I want to say Extrovert Sister
and, um, Miggletove were watching Pee-Wee's Playhouse the other night and I kinda
caught a little bit of it.
So frickin' funny. I mean, seriously,
that was the kinda crack we were fed as kids. That's awesome.
I know that show is that show is badass anyway
I have remember being so freaked out cuz what was the Cowboys name
I don't know but it wasn't Lawrence Fisher in the place there was
cowboy Bob I someone in chat is only being young and being freaked out by
Curtis
tell me Curtis thank you doctor saying that he are you he says I can't do the
pajama party cuz asleep in the nude
Wow I remember
being so traumatized by this when I was little
and I really traumatized thinking you know he's
he's naked you know what fuckin traumatized me about peewee
Herman and all that stuff when I was little is the movie Peewee's Big
Adventure
you remember the scene when he gets in the truck and there's large Marge
yeah story and then it's just the face she does the face and it looked
a lot like this the whole thing
It was dark and scary.
It scared the shit out of me when I was a kid.
I mean, my god.
No wonder I came out so fucked up. Alright, anyway.
Anyways, uh...
Sorry.
Tonight's been a night of randomness. Can I have the last cookie?
Give Rob the cookie!
On to other things.
You know, there are other game networks out there
other than G4TV
and even G4, you might not even
consider a game network anymore, but
one of those is actually put out by Voom HD, and they have a channel called Gameplay HD.
And they're actually going to be adding coverage for the World Series of Video Games, Microsoft's
Project Anthem 3 tournament, and NCSoft's Guild War Factions competition.
And they're going to be having a bunch of different kind of like ESPN type of coverage
on this.
And it's kind of interesting that they're going to be giving so much coverage to this
kind of stuff.
Um, I'm gonna give another cheap plug for our buddies at all games. I'm Scott and Lawrence had
One of the guys I'm sorry, I forgot his name from gameplay HD on their show
Last week and I know it got on dig like it was a really big deal
I even got on dig but go check out their archives all games calm and listen to the interview
Because it's great
Gameplay HD knows what they're doing. This channel needs to make it big. I mean right now they're stuck on satellite
I guess but it sounds like they have plans to expand which is good. I hope it happens fast for them
I feel sad because we have Comcast cable here in this part of town
So as long as this is seen as a competition to g4
we probably get it anytime soon, but I'm gonna cross my fingers because
It sounds like they know what they're doing with this network
And I'm very excited to see what comes of it and I think a lot of us that feel like g4 was a joke
in its later years anyway
are going to be much happier by what Gameplay HD is going to bring.
So, check it out.
So, basically this agreement right now with Gameplay HD, like I said,
includes the three circuits of the 2006 World Series of Video Games.
The Land War competition in Louisville, Kentucky, which is being held June 16th through the 19th, 2006.
And it will be airing on the channel September 13th through the 15th.
DreamHack LAN party in Jokopin, Sweden, I guess, which was held June 17th through the 21st, and will be airing on the 28th and 29th of September, as well as the Intel Summer Championship in Dallas, which was held back in July 5th through the 9th, and still will be determined when they're going to actually put it on there.
lots of stuff for the World Series of video game and then of course PGR3
and Guild Wars. It should be interesting.
Very interesting. You know, they sound like ESPN for games.
That is so awesome. That's what they needed. That's what Arena on G4 always needed to be.
They're a really, you know, young company. I mean, they just launched the network
back in February, February 1st. Well, when you listen to the guy on the interview,
He's a gamer! Perfect! That's what we need! Is a game station run by a gamer? Who would have thought?
I don't think he runs it, but I don't remember exactly the relation, but I apologize, but I'm going off the top of my head. I don't have any notes on that.
But if you do happen to get Dish Network and you have HD, the channel can be found on Dish Channel 9485.
Seriously? It makes me want to switch to satellite. Why not?
The only reason is because I save on the internet by having the game on the internet through the same company.
And I live in an apartment and it's kind of hard to get satellite here.
But I'm seriously thinking about it for when I move.
Which is soon.
Thinking about it. We'll see.
Don't you get TiVo? Or now it's DirecTV.
Now it's DirecTV.
And I want to apologize because I think a couple weeks ago on the show I said it was DirecTV that had Gameplay HD.
And I keep forgetting there's two competing companies.
So I apologize for my satellite ignorance.
But keep in mind when you live in an apartment, it's a little harder to get satellite.
Anyway, now we kind of saved this for towards the end of the show, because I'll be damned
if it doesn't seem like every week we're hearing about some damn Wii button, Wii flap, Wii
secret compartment that you can put your Wii in.
I don't know what they're coming...
Your weed?
Get it?
Huh?
Anything?
Har.
Har.
Well, get this.
There was a new promo picture in the latest issue of Nintendo Power that seems to indicate
that there is yet another damn Wii button.
And it looks like it's some type of new Z button, kind of like the one that's on the
GameCube's controller, like a little teeny shoulder thing.
No idea how the hell you're going to reach it, because you'd have to have another thumb
growing out of your thumb to hit it, but maybe it's like a volume control for the internal
speaker?
That's a theory that's going around right now.
But if that's going to be one you're supposed to frequently hit in the game, that is going
to be a pain in the ass, as if playing with a remote control is not going to be weird
enough.
played 83 it felt okay to me it didn't feel like the wrist cramp that it
sounded like on paper
I don't know if it's just me that felt that way interesting
alright anyway we're gonna open up the Skype line right now it's www.orangeloungeloungeradio.com
click on interact with us and you can call our show
by calling username orange lounge radio or by picking up the phone and dialing
916 226 9067
feel free to comment on anything that's been brought up throughout the show
and we love to get your feedback and opinion meanwhile I will
ask before we open up the Skypline, are there any last minute stories we have from anyone
tonight?
There's one!
What's up?
At least from me.
The Luminous 2 soundtrack has been revealed, I'd also like to thank Tiger Call for the
link.
Going to be in Luminous 2, we have Beck Black Tambourine, Black Eyed Peas Pump It, Chemical
Brothers Star Guitar, Fat Boy Slim Gangster Trippin, The Go Team, Bottle Rocket, Gwen
Stefani, Hollaback Girl, yay.
Luba Stank, Born to Lead, Junior Senior Take My Time, Missy Elliott Lose Control, Another
Law, and so Random Song by New Order, which New Order I can't go wrong with.
That is so weird.
It's just a weird lineup, but Luminous is definitely going mainstream.
As long as Mondo Grosso is coming back, I'm cool.
Well those actually are going to be the ones with videos.
Also ones without videos are going to be Junkie XL, Breezer, Stigmato, Inc. with Reality Check,
And also there will be more tracks from the Japanese artists, Mondo Grosso, Kenishi, and
Tech Writers.
All right.
Well, let's go Skyplane, we're getting a call.
There's a couple calls have already come in that we've missed, but we want to get the
Luminous 2 news out there.
So call back.
Hello, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hi.
It's Ravenstaufen.
Hey, Ravenstaufen.
What's on your mind, buddy?
The UMD.
What do you want to talk about with UMDs?
I want to talk about the UMD is dead because of
BitTorrent. Really? What's your theory there?
Why? I mentioned this before and I said
that I've been getting all my movies and all my stuff from BitTorrent
and this is what someone should do. They should put everything on BitTorrent.
So you basically admit that you steal your movies?
Yes. Which is fun. Look, at least you're honest, okay? I don't, you know, I'm not
trying to say it makes you a bad person or whatever but you know you're
what the MPAA is not happy with right now.
So let me ask you this, let me turn around and ask you this,
what would be a way that you would legitimately pay for movies?
What would make you stop using BitTorrent and legitimately pay for movies?
It's probably going to sound really cheesy as hell, but
the Sony Connect service, but I really think they got a good model and I think
it's gonna work.
Okay, so like on one hand you give Sony a little bit of shit for the UMD
but on the other hand, give them some props for the Sony Connect. Yeah, I think they got a good
good plan going with this. If they tried to connect us with the Xbox Live model
but not like it, like charge like little games for the PSP
and like movies, I think they really have something to go with
but that's just me.
It's interesting you bring up Xbox because I'm waiting for the day when
Xbox does this. All they need is a bigger hard drive on that thing and you know
with the active downloads and everything you could
totally and easily download movies on that thing hell
you can already download you know music videos in the little behind the scenes
clips in HD and I
hell I'm downloading HD clips just because they're HD things
that I can look at on my HDTV and go ooh pretty you know
just imagine when they start adding movies in HD digitally I mean
I don't know I mean I hate to change the topic to Xbox but I just kinda keep
thinking about it's only a matter of time
It's only a matter of time
before Microsoft does something like this, I think.
I agree.
Oh, one more thing.
What's up?
I was surfing singular.com
and they have a little ringtone
for the internet is for porn from Avenue Q.
Why did that make you think of us?
Because it's so random.
It's just like, and I'm going to purchase it soon.
So everyone that I walked down the street
when my phone rings has gone,
the internet is really, really great.
for porn
wow we have some crazy listeners at OLR also one of her cage band songs
I know ages ago ages ago anyway
Ravenstaufen thanks so much for the call we appreciate your insight alright have a good one
and I hope they don't come after you and sue you okay
oh they won't it's just a pseudonym not your real name if they try to sue you
you can counter sue them for invasion of privacy
and for search without a warrant
thanks dark sakura you're welcome legal advice from orange lounge radio
you go to law school? No I've taken a lot of business law but honestly the people
that were counter suing the RIAA and the MPAA were using those tactics for
counter suits. Let's go to another call. Hi you're on Orange Launch Radio who's
this? It's Legend of Zaku. Hi buddy what's on your mind? Um just the fact that you
know seconding the whole UMD thing and the whole format wars as we'd like to
see it. Honestly at the end of the day you know it's gonna hurt the consumer
they're going to stick with the DVD regardless because no one's ready to shift right no one's
ready to shift to a new format especially when there's like god knows how many are already out
there should the playstation 3 have had a umd slot um it really i i don't know i don't then
they'll be copying nintendo and trying to you try to play a portable gaming system on a console
like you do with the game boy no i'm talking about for movies oh for me i guess gaming is one thing
I guess, hypothetically, why not play the games too? Why not?
Yeah, I mean... How's that copying Nintendo?
Because they did it with the Game Boy, you know, the Game Boy player, the little
device...
I don't know if I call it copying, I just call it smart.
Make your games playable on more systems
or more and more places. Oh well, whatever. It's fine.
But the bottom line is this, I mean,
I mean, Hollywood is pretty much split on both formats. It's like,
Half is gonna support you know
HD DVD the other half is blu-ray and the same thing happened with DVD and Divx though
And look how long the war lasted well Divx got out
And you know only lasted three years while DVDs still running because Divx downright sucked. I mean the model was was
Idiotic it was doomed to fail whereas DVD. You know people you know it wasn't easy to go for it
I wasn't all blu-ray idiotic. I just don't really know enough about it, which is just childish
it's just it's just sophomoric all right any other thoughts you want to share
with our listeners let me see the fact that I've really never got your opinion
on how mobile gaming and you know what's your take on mobile gaming okay I can
say a lot about mobile gaming I'm not a big fan of it what do you want to know
well granted I already started a job in the mobile gaming industry make games
that don't suck so don't oh yeah don't got licenses for stuff okay don't put
the games that were built for PlayStations and we're not done stop
don't put those games on mobile it doesn't work the game that I'm working
on already sold a million I'm working on the Spanish version of it what it
bejeweled no it's it's more like a it's a question base game more like a game
show see those the type of games that work on cell phones are the type of
of games that you play on PopCap that's where it's at for mobile games like the
little niche one yeah casual games, uber casual games yes those are the
types of games that work on mobile because those type of people playing
mobile games are uber casual gamers the gamer gamers have a DS or a PSP right
unless they created some sort of cell phone similar you know exceeding the
capabilities of the n-gauge and it had you know the marketing and
Well, the problem with the N-Gage is that it was a phone first, gaming system second,
but yet it thought it was a gaming system first in the market.
Yeah, two platforms in the N-Gage.
One is the proprietary one, which the games are based on,
and also Java, if I recall correctly, Symbian,
so it was three platforms, two of which were pretty open.
So you're working on a Spanish version of a game, Habla Espaol?
Yeah, I understand a lot more than I speak.
more than I speak, I lost my fluency when I came here.
That's fine.
All right, buddy, we gotta let you go,
but have a good one, okay?
All right.
All right, later.
We'll take one more call if you wanna call us.
It's www.orangeloungeradio.com.
Click on interact with us,
or you can always pick up the phone, 916-226-9067.
Oh, and here comes a call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
Hi, this is Eddie.
Hey, Eddie, what's on your mind, buddy?
Yeah, I just wanted to comment
like another part of the PSP okay yeah basically what I'm really confused about
is how Sony is doing this whole huge you know homebrew war on the PSP right mm-hmm
and on the ps3 they're now using Linux as their operating system on the ps3
which is kind of opening the door for you know homebrew so why is it that
they're battling homebrew on platform and then like welcoming it with open arms on another.
I'm gonna throw this to our homebrew expert. Loki, do you have a thought on this?
Because the PlayStation 3 is a computer.
Why would that- so?
So that's why.
Why does Sony have one policy here and another policy here?
Because I'm sure that they're, you know, thinking that their bases are covered with,
you know, the PlayStation 3 and the fact that the PlayStation 3 needs all the help it can get to
sell so how well okay but how long before a Nintendo emulator comes out for
the ps3 two days well exactly then then shouldn't like actually happens
shouldn't like Sony be battling that too and it's gonna be a lot harder for them
to do since they're using Linux and it's hard and you know and if I remember
correctly that they can also boot into other languages not well not as
operating systems you know they're even saying they can maybe install you know
Windows or OS X or something on there which I don't know that's gonna be hard
to regulate unless they have some sort of crippled version of Linux on there
that doesn't allow certain things to run or something I don't know how they're
gonna do that yeah ps3 version running Windows that that'll be the day it'd be
the great irony well yeah that's all I wanted to say all right well thank you
very much for the call have a good one and we'll see what happens with Sony's
policy. I kind of think the gimped version of Linux is a more... I think
that's kind of what we're looking at is the reality of what's gonna happen, but
we'll see. Yeah, I guess so. Thank you. All right, not a problem. Thanks for the call. All right, sorry, I'm
trying to fix my mouse here. It just kind of... the batteries just died during that
call there, so I'm trying to get reorganized here. Sorry about that.
That's gonna do it for the Skypline tonight. Thank you guys so much for
calling in. We appreciate your insight, and if you didn't get through tonight or
or if you were that person that had connection problems, you can always leave us a voicemail.
We love voicemails.
And you can listen earlier in the show if you want to see how to leave us a voicemail
of the week and what our topic is this week.
Any more last minute stories, folks?
Yes.
All right, Loki, what's up?
Well, a couple things about the Wii.
Because as I was mentioning in the story before, well, before about the secret pages on the
Wii, I did find those finally.
Someone had them on FileShare.
Or let's see here.
We've got a few things with, of course, they're saying the Nintendo Wi-Fi service is going
to be free just like it is for the DS and they were saying you know of course
the frame code system and that type of thing. What I also found was interesting
they renamed WarioWare to WarioWare Dojo now instead of Brawl so that's kind of
neat or not WarioWare Super Smash Brothers what the hell am I talking
about. Anyways, on top of that, that wasn't the most neat thing I found. There was kind
of an interview in GamePro with the people behind Red Steel. And they were talking about
the multiplayer. And basically the creative director, Nicholas Eppert, he had this to
say about the multiplayer. He says, you'll have up to four players. If they play together
in split screen we can only say that the fight will not only be on screen. So that's maybe
either referring to the fact that six people on the couch flailing about, it's gonna be
very difficult to do in that kind of environment, or that there's gonna be some sort of different
type of multiplayer in room or something. I'm sorry, games on Mario Party Wii are about
to get very violent in this house because Mario Party, as it is, is a cutthroat competition
around these parts.
Mario Party Wii is just begging for violence, it's going to be sad.
I was just, now that my mouse works again, I was reading some comments there in chat
room and Black Boy commented, I need OSX on my PS3.
Kind of a shout out to an old operating system that some folks have forgot about.
Is that the same Black Boy I met at Arena once?
I wonder.
If it is, hi buddy.
Some other things I was going to mention, Kojima of course is at Comic Con and one of
the fans asked him a few things about Metal Gear Solid, including, well they were saying
that it's going to be in playable form at next C3, which duh, and that it's going to
be in 1080p and there was no way for it to fit on DVD-9.
So I mean that's not too much, not a big surprise.
So I think we talked about this last week about how the Xbox 360 is possibly going to
get a bundle with Project Gotham Racing 3, a 1250 point card, and 3 months of Xbox Live
Gold.
Well it's sort of been confirmed.
It's starting to appear in retailers computers now.
They have the PGR 3 bundle in Toys R Us computer.
being sold for about the same price as a premium system and also was confirmed to be, let's
see, that was in like a Canadian Toys R Us, apparently there's another chain called BJ's
that's going to be carrying it in Circuit City's flyer in the newspaper.
They show the price for $489.99 US for the Project Gotham Racing 3 bundle.
It says it includes a pro console, a second wireless controller, play and charge kit,
and a copy of PGR3.
But that sounds more like a bundle that's being done through that site.
Apparently online they have the same type of thing, and there's like a $30 off web deal
or something, I don't know.
But something that may be coming soon, who knows, we'll probably find out pretty soon.
I'm just reading in chat right now, DJ Jenai said, I downloaded the Paris Hilton game,
And PK Akira 88 goes, get out!
Somebody said something and PK Akira 88 says, no, I mean get off my internet.
Haha.
Aww.
Harsh folks in chat room.
Hey, I got a question for you, because you were just talking about Project Gotham, so
speaking of racing games, somebody was sending me a private message, I think it was CKY Mike,
asking about Burnout 5 on PS3.
Have you heard anything about Burnout?
No, it's probably coming out in the fall, that would be my guess.
So it is coming for Playstation 3?
I'm sure they're...
Duh! They're coming out with another Burnout game. I mean, it's gonna be Burnout something. It is coming out probably in the fall.
That's kind of a given. It's just like saying, oh yeah, next year Madden 08's coming out. I mean, come on. It's not a big surprise.
But my guess, if anything, it would be probably coming out in March-ish, because that's when the Xbox 360 one came out last year.
obviously it's not coming out in September like it did last year for the
current gen stuff so if I were to guess that's a March probably for burnout I
know there's a lot of stuff September is gonna be a packed month for games in
October is even worse I mean just Final Fantasy 12 crack fine coming finally
coming in October yeah you won't see me no you can push more and more towards
November. God damn them. So yeah. Well it's coming out Halloween, how much further back
can you push to November? I don't know. But anyway. I swear to God, Squeenix, if you rob
me of Final Fantasy for another year, I am, it's not gonna be pretty. You need to stomp
and pout. I will stomp and pout in front of the Squeenix building and there will be video
on YouTube. You know, all it comes down to me is just Saints Row and fucking Dead Rising.
gonna be my games for August and I don't know there's a lot of games coming out
in August but a lot that I don't want like Bomberman X zero I mean it looks
like Bomberman and so that could be kind of fun but uh I found out I gotta buy
cars on the 360 for Nelly. Why? For achievement points? No cuz she want but I will get
achievement points on that no but she wants she wants that game. What's up with
Nelly getting into games lately you've talked about her playing bejeweled
cloning Clyde now she must play cars is she she wants me to buy elite beat agents
for her is she slowly becoming a gamer no is this marriage thing corrupting her
maybe hmm well she do you think she'll be into the week maybe cuz I'm not gonna
say anything you shut your mouth you shut your mouth from what from from from
my experience I want the show to end now let's go around and get everybody's
final thought Andrew thanks so much for sitting in tonight even though you're a
little quiet that's all right we appreciate your insight and we
appreciate you leaving the bad jokes at the door oh really yeah a final thoughts
for our listeners tonight thank you my ear drums are still ringing uh Loki your
final thought it's freaking hot in here I'm like sweating just sitting here well
I'm trying to end the show so we can get out of here dark soccer your final
thought reject false icons and poo on the Sun and my final thought is no no
no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no have a great week everybody we'll
see you next time so apparently what apparently all games has their own
ChromeHounds squad. Maybe we should do like an OLR army. Battle! Battle Royale! I'll buy
the game just to blow the shit out of Scott's mech. And Bobby! Bring it Bobby! See that's
the only thing about ChromeHounds online is I wonder if they actually just have multiplayer,
like standard multiplayer, not that online, perpetual online thing. I gotta check that
out because I haven't really delved into the multiplayer that much. Hmm. No, I haven't
That would be fun though an inner show battle royale. I'm all for that
I'm all for an inner show battle royale at some point on one of those games and stuff and we've talked about doing a
Tournament thingy using all game, but we'll talk. We'll save that for another show. We want to end tonight's show
So have a great night
Thank you so much for downloading us and supporting internet radio. You guys are awesome and we do this show for you
Have a great night. We'll see you next week.
