Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream
twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links
to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this weekís episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 193, inches closer and closer to that
magic 200 number.
We are a video game podcast dedicated to what gamers really want to know.
And if you haven't heard the first part of our show yet, what's wrong with you?
Go back in our podcast feed available on iTunes or on our website or wherever you downloaded
this podcast, go look for part A. And of course, you can always listen to us live as well on
OrangeLaunchRadio.com Sunday night when we tape our show or our rebroadcast on AllGames.com,
which just moved to Monday nights at five o'clock Pacific Standard Time, eight o'clock
Eastern Standard Time.
And now let's get back into some gaming news.
I'm going to start us off, if you guys are okay with that, Dark Soccer and Loki.
I'm sorry, no.
Okay, go ahead.
We didn't talk a lot last segment about the Wii, so I want to bring up a story about the
Wii.
This is a rumor going around, and I emphasize the word rumor here, that Nintendo is sending
out free Wii dev kits.
It's a rumor from an insider that wrote to Kotaku.com.
According to Kotaku, it seems Nintendo is giving Wii development kits to smaller studios.
A developer in a coastal American city apparently received a package from Nintendo, and nobody
was aware it was even inside, but the box was opened, and there was a Wii dev kit inside.
Now this could be seen multiple ways.
This might be a way for Wii to get indie developers to make games for the console, and it certainly
would show a shift in Nintendo's attitude towards third-party supporters, maybe recognizing
where some of the mistakes were with the GameCube.
It's kind of like, hey, we really want third parties, indies, everybody on board with this.
So certainly interesting if it's true, but it may not be true.
It's still a rumor at this time.
Well, the dev kits weren't that expensive anyways.
I think they were like grand or two.
I would hope not considering the hardware is supposed to not be as, you know, much.
Well, they put out a email now that has their DS lineup.
Oh, cool.
Here's what's coming out.
There is October 9th, Clubhouse Games, Nintendo's Dalmatian version on October 16th, October
23rd magical star sign, and 30th there's a Pokemon Ranger and Children of Mana, oooh
Children of Mana.
November 6th has Elite Beat Agents, 13th Yoshi's Island, December 4th is Custom Robo Arena
and Kirby's Squeak Squad.
You know what's pretty awesome about that Clubhouse Games?
It's over Wi-Fi with all 48 games that are going to be in it, and, which might come into
the show, PictoChat over Wi-Fi.
Oh, that's right, I remember hearing about that.
Isn't this game already out somewhere else?
It's called something else in other countries.
No, it's coming out in the UK.
It's called 48 Collection or something like that.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Because that's where, when I first read about the game, that's what it was called.
Now, none of these games are nothing spectacular, right?
No, it's like card games and stuff.
of those, like, Hoyle collections that are available on the PC, but being able to play
it over Wi-Fi with PictoChat, hooray, drawn genitalia galore while playing hearts.
Strip poker.
No, you can't do strip, that's for the Xbox 360 cam.
Oh, come on, you can do that over PictoChat, if you're a good enough artist.
You're lame.
Well, we all know where games of strip poker break out.
Summer camp! And Nintendo is actually holding a summer camp of their own.
It's called Camp Hyrule. Now, it's not a real camp.
I mean, obviously it's about video games. Come on, the idea is to stay indoors.
It's a virtual camp. Now, not a lot is known about this. Camp Hyrule is going to
have activities like
chats, games, art activities, and other surprises, courtesy of Nintendo Power.
If you want to sign up you can get a virtual cabin
and you're going to share this with other gamers and I guess they'll be also like
maybe a camp counselor who works for Nintendo
who's... I have no idea. Nobody really knows what to expect from this thing.
There's a quote here though,
if you like to talk about video games, play practical jokes and rub elbows with
Nintendo's expert gamers,
then get ready to meet new friends at Nintendo's Camp Hyrule 2006
and win prizes like t-shirts and magazines. Subscriptions
while you're at it. Coming the week of August 14th through 18th, 2006,
the rumored theme this year might be the Legend of Zelda, the Phantom Hourglass,
Nintendo Wii, and Super Mario Galaxy. Interesting because I noticed in Dark
Sakura's list of what's coming out for the DS,
Phantom Hourglass wasn't even there. So, I don't know what that means.
Well, there was rumors that it was going to be delayed till next year.
Oh, now Blaze Revolution in chat says Camp Hyrule is nothing new, they've been doing
it for at least five years.
Yeah, they've been doing it for a while.
Really?
I've never heard of it.
What do they do?
I don't know.
How did they miss this?
We've been doing this show how long now?
And I've never heard of this.
Ever.
Well, this is on the Nintendo site, nintendo.com, so if you don't read that site, you probably
won't.
Well, I do sometimes, but I don't know, alright, fine.
So I've apparently been living in a cave the past ten years, so fine.
Are any of you guys doing Camp Hyrule?
Nope.
No, I didn't sign up either. I was like investment all the time you might
Somebody needs to do it. Someone has to you know what you need to go represent the oil army for us. Why not?
So I'm hey, I I remember Nestor and Howard I could get on hit the damn show
That's me. We need it. We need our folks. We need an OLR cabin. We need fuck it
We need camp OLR. Come on, Ol army assemble. It'll be on that. You know chess board in front of your apartment complex
I totally want to have a Camp-O-L-R. That would be fun. Actually, I want to do a real, like, con thing or something, but we'll see. Someday.
Orange Con?
Orange Con. That would be rad. Someday, when we have lots and lots of money, we'll see what happens.
No.
Anyways, I don't think that's going to happen anytime soon, but one thing that did happen is an AMD and ATI merger.
merger. Thank you for your enthusiasm, by the way. Yeah, I don't think that's going
to happen anytime soon. By the way, great transition. Love you, Loki. Anyways, yes,
the $5.4 billion transaction took place last week with AMD purchasing ATI, and now you've
got a big combination of both processors and graphics chips. Where will this lead? Who
Who the fuck knows? That's where it's gonna lead.
Probably gonna see some ATI, you know,
based graphics chips
on AMD motherboards.
So this is great news though for your PC gamer, I guess, but
I always used to buy AMD chips for my PCs
and ATI cards, so I guess that works. Excellent.
well what I'm worried about what if you're a AMD user with an Nvidia
video card who then
fuck you you suck! I don't know. Go buy a Mac
Oh snap! Go buy a Mac!
Hold on here! Let's get back on the Sandy bus!
Okay listen. I get my Mac
in very soon. God dammit, just when I thought we had
with the hate mail for loki would stop coming in
anyways
how about we just turn this right around how about we turn this bus around right
now
we're talking we're talking about pc's and gaming that mac wouldn't be in there
gee i wish somebody had a story to save us right about now
you know that female otaku need love too really in japan you can rent a friend
wait wait wait are they horny gamer girls
yeah did you find out about this on myspace no it's on kotaku okay just as bad i'm kidding
we love you they're cool five dollars no no it's actually 12 000 yen for two and a half hours of
friendship wait now but this is not like a a whore thing this is no no girls for other girls
this is called the secret otaku support commission they rent out women who are
knowledgeable in video game culture to girl gamers who got no friends if I want
to pay for friends I join a frat as it says sorry so many college memories just
came back to me as it said by Seiji Hirokawa who is their creator and
operator funny that it's a man this is we're an otaku dispatch agency that
caters exclusively to a female clientele. Many women otaku don't have other women otaku
to talk to and they get pretty lonely. That's where we come in. They charge 12,000 yen,
basically 120 bucks for two and a half hours of friendship. Are you a lonely, lonely girl?
Pick up the phone! Have you been a bad, lonely girl playing your video games all night long?
Do you want someone to play your games with?
Do you want someone to come over and have a pillow fight with you?
Well Otaku, female rental service is for you!
This is very... I don't know, there's just something kinda scary about it. Maybe it's just
that cultural difference or whatever,
but there's something almost predatory about this whole thing. I don't know.
Is it just me? Jamie, would you pay for this? No, I have friends.
That's true! I'd pay for that. That's right, you had a pillow fight this weekend, I forgot.
Anyway, you know, I'm not too surprised that a man is selling women to, you know, clientele.
I mean pimps have been around for ages, so.
But what I'm really surprised about is why an Asian chick that likes games and otaku
stuff can't get some nerdy guy to be her friend, I mean, come on.
That's where we need to be importing them, okay?
like you know there's Russian wives we need to get the Asian gamer chicks to
come in import them in you know and cuz we've got the demand here they have a
supply there it's perfect screw that just export me I'm done with that yes
please can we look into that I'm just kidding
Wow that's awesome that is excellent news I'm scared now the chat rooms got
the wrong idea of me we have juiced in in our chat room I don't know how else
to pronounce I think it's just Justin but it's an elite speak it looks like
juiced in just it says I think sky is suited well for a phone sex line that's
kind of scary to me that's not that's not my bag baby
Anyways, speaking of women, a certain game coming out soon, Dead Rising, which is awesome,
rewards you for taking erotic pictures of women.
Actually one of the genres of pictures you can take in the game, besides horror and drama
and stuff like that, is erotic, erotica, and they have a perfect picture of one of the
leads in there I guess in fishnet stockings and lingerie and you're taking pictures of
her and one of the focal points is her breasts and it's perfect and you get prestige points
for that.
It's kind of like experience points in the games.
But it's kind of interesting though because you can also take erotic zombie pictures.
Erotic zombie pictures?
Yes.
Erotic zombie pictures.
Why didn't they just call the game that?
Why didn't they just call the damn game Erotic Zombie Pictures?
You know how many more copies would have sold?
Listen, this is an important Civil 2000 series, okay?
This is a cool game.
But how many more copies would have sold?
You know, Dead Rising, you had to tell me about what this game was about before I was
interested in it, and I actually had to see the preview.
But if you had told me there was a game on the market called, you know, Erotic Zombie
Pictures, I would have been like, say no more, sold, sold!
I didn't know that was your bag.
Well I think it's pretty awesome, but apparently you can also get points by just pretty much
doing everything.
I love this, this is actually translated from Famitsu magazine, and they have, it says,
and this is the exact, you know, English translation, if the sexy survivor you rescue by the chance
arrival which photographs the seductive scene because also sexy acquisition PP increases
PP being prestige points, you dirty bastards out there.
Okay, I, I'm, okay. Whether just the woman also, it is...
How can you not comment on that? How can you, how can you just overlook that? Blatant reference
there. Hey, the dead is rising.
Welcome to the last episode of Orange Launch Radio, everybody. It was lovely knowing you
these past four years. Unfortunately, the jokes, we've suffocated ourselves on the bad
jokes tonight, and we're dying.
It's going to be an awesome game.
It's going to be my fault!
It's going to be an awesome game. Just buy it for the awesomeness in the game. I mean,
I knew right away when they saw the little publicity shots of who the character is going
be in the game i mean we're talking like horny otaku you know women in this so i have a quote
from mystery science 3000 to quote okay in regards to the whole taking pictures of half naked girls
erotic zombie pictures yeah well whoopdy shit that that's that's your outlook on that aren't
you excited to be taking erotic pictures of zombies i love zombies but not that much
much. Bruce Campbell, yes. I need the human chin to come talk to me. Can you use, like,
because you can use anything to kill things in Dead Rising, right? Yes. Can you use pants?
I don't know. It depends on if you mean in the American sense or the British sense, because
if you use someone's stinky pants, then yes, probably. You can dress up like a little kid
and you can wear stinky pants. By the way, if Bruce Campbell is listening to this podcast,
hang out with us. We want to interview you.
I remember seeing in the preview that the guy was running around in his skivvies for
part of the little preview trailer. So did he kill someone with his pants? What did he
do?
He took his pants off.
It's more because of the erotic zombie pictures?
It's more free. I don't know. The real, like, it's just weird, okay? You take weird pictures
and stuff. I don't know how far it goes into the erotic stuff, but whatever.
Hey, hey, none of this shark jumping talk.
Oh, Chat Room? No we haven't. No we haven't.
If we jump the shark, that happened a long time ago, like, you know.
If we jump the shark, we are going to literally jump over a shark.
We jumped the shark episode 2.
Jamie skipped town on episode 2 of Orange Launch Radio, if you guys remember.
Alright, anyway, let's move on, please.
PlayStation 2, How We Love Thee, and your cheap games,
because there's cheaper games coming out for the PlayStation 2,
thanks to a new greatest hits collection.
That's right 1999 will buy you Jack X combat racing SOCOM 3
Sly 3 honor among thieves
ratchet deadlocked and sure to
excite folks everywhere shadow of the Colossus
very nice
Excellent. No idea when that is supposedly coming out
But it's the next series according to a leak from Circuit City, which I never would meet very soon
Yeah, I'll have the release coming soon. Probably awesome also getting greatest hits
I just want to mention real quick is the PSP and these are also going to be $19.99 ATV
Off-Road Fury, Ape Escape on the Loose, Hot Shots Golf, Twisted Metal Head-On, and Wipe
Out Pier.
That's awesome.
If I remember correctly also, I believe the Game Boy Advance was having some more greatest
hits coming including, what was it, Mario Kart and, oh man, just a bunch of other Game
Boy Advance games.
I remember there was about five of them that they're adding to their, whatever they call
their greatest hits I think is like these are my favorite stories cheaper
games cheaper games always yes excellent stuff but um I'm GS 68 says no luminous
for the lose yeah that kind of sucks well they want to suck all the money they
can out of that stupid thing but whatever I have a personal bone to pick
about luminous why I couldn't get luminous to install on my phone oh that
you try to get the cell version yeah I don't know it was out yeah and it
wouldn't install stupid network I'm totally gonna try and see if I can get
that game sweet anyways the former manager of Sony as a third-party
relations has left and actually went to Ubisoft which is kind of interesting so
you know people leaving Sony I guess that's not really big news what is big
news is they're saying that they've sent out over 10,000 PS3 dev kits, so wow, lots of
dev kits going out there, but all the dev kits in the world won't make that system any
cheaper.
But that's pretty cool.
Yes, but it might get more games worthy of you to talk about.
More games, more exclusive games, and it's a good thing that they've sent them out, because
before I remember they were saying that it's really costly to develop for it, and so those
10,000 you know dev kits to over 208 companies in 11 countries nice and as
apparently the largest on any PlayStation platform to date so that's
actually pretty cool that's pretty cool speaking of cool and actually you know
we brought this up last week with their release dates mm-hmm
EA is bringing out Sims 2 pets. There's some details on this. It actually is
gonna be a PC expansion standalone for PS2, GameCube, PSP, Nintendo DS, and Game
Boy Advance. You can have kitty cat, and puppy dogs, and guinea pigs, and birds, and
whatever else they decide to put in there. You can create your own pet and
and customize everything from fur to body, personality, you can make them
smart puppies or stupid guinea pigs.
Evil purple penguins? Yes, Rob, evil purple penguins. Yay!
You can name them, um, Bob.
Oh, uh, Arimasa wants to know, snakes? On a plane?
Ba dum bum. Yeah. Um, you can teach your pets to shake, roll over, play dead,
you know dig up dead bodies that type of thing. Now if you catch your puppies
digging in the garden or scratching up the furniture you'll have to spank. And
you'll be taking them to go get spayed or neutered. You can also use codes where
you can share accessories for markings that type of thing. So basically you can
make skins for your pets. Different versions will have different things. PC
will let you have designer pets like labrapoodles and puggles and schnoodles.
Can you breed hamsters with dogs?
No. I don't know. Can I breed a pig with an elephant?
Exactly. Hey! In your
Create-A-Pet you can actually create them as unique pedigrees and put them online.
They can actually have career paths which is a show pet, security
or service with five job levels apiece.
The PS2 GameCube PSP versions will let you take them for a walk in the park.
But they make friends with other animals.
Does the hamster have an employment path of sex toy?
Yes.
It comes with a cardboard tube.
Can you take erotic pictures of the pets?
Can you kill them by drowning them?
Like low key, like stupid humans?
So those are the PS2 GameCube and PSP are all getting
like Nintendogs version, basically.
Do the parrots have large talons?
Hey, shut up.
on the DS. You can have a pet care center and other owners can come to have you take
care of their pets. You have shops and you can earn money by having a pet shop, basically.
And the Game Boy Advance one will have different careers for the sim, including veterinarian
and pet trainer.
I hope they can become rabid. Blaze Revolution in our chatroom, orangelanotrainer.com, click
on chat, says, I want a liger. Man, that Napoleon dynamite, so funny.
I want an octocat, actually. DJ Kibbles N Bits says, man, we need Spore already in talks
of all these, you know, make your animals games. Just give us Spore. Yeah. Dammit EA,
just give us Spore, we're good. Yeah, this is sounding a little too much like, what was
it, RTS, Impossible Creatures, if you remember that. Ooh. You're so hardcore. Anyways, speaking
have cool stuff coming out. The Wii, basically Ubisoft in the UK has confirmed that Red Steel
is coming out in November in the UK. What does that mean to us though? Well, not a damn
thing. A couple of things though. Red Steel is supposed to be the launch title. Now, Red
Steel is supposed to be coming, or the Wii is supposed to be coming out before Playstation
3 that we know. So, for example, the Playstation 3 is coming out in mid-November. So therefore
this has to be coming out early November. Well, in the UK, in the UK it's probably going
to be getting the Wii a few weeks after us. What's a couple weeks before November? October
18th. Aha! It's like almost like six degrees of Kevin Bacon there. I am so sick of all
these news stories about the Wii's speculated release date.
I mean, the damn thing will come out when it comes out.
That being said, Activision slipped up and might have revealed the Wii release date this
week, because Activision sent out this spreadsheet of all their upcoming games, and one of the
games that's listed on there is Tony Hawk Downhill Jam, and the ship date?
October.
Now, they don't say the day, but they say it's in October, which seems to confirm that
the Wii is coming out in October.
which date I had in my system when, you know, they put Tony Hawk's Downhill Jam. Uh, that's
right.
I'm gonna kind of feel bad if it doesn't come out October 18th. I'm gonna feel like Reggie
personally fucked with us.
He's all, I'll show you. Think you know when it's coming out, bastards.
Ah, you like, how you like them apples?
Ari Mossin in chat says Zelda Twilight Princess is scheduled for November, though, and that
game's coming out on launch day.
Yeah, but there's been no official date announced for Twilight Princess because
that's gonna be the day that the Wii comes out, so obviously they're not gonna
announce that.
Yeah, by the way, Twilight Princess is coming out this day. Oh, crap!
They're not gonna do that. Guys, we have a huge scoop for you guys.
The Wii is out right now. In fact, go to your local GameStopper EB Games and ask
for one.
They'll love you for it. And if the store tells you they don't have them yet, they're
playing a joke on you. Go to another store and ask.
Exactly. Please, I hope you guys know I'm kidding.
Please don't. It's super secret.
And there's nothing one of those employees at those stores loves more
than people coming in going, do you have the Wii yet?
Anyways, speaking of
lies and speculation,
there's been a lot of rumors going around to what
some of the secrets of the Wii and what they might be, so
Anyways, some speculation here we've got for ya, including this is apparently from wii.qj.net
and they've got a little article here about some of the stuff to expect that an insider told them.
You know, insider.
Anyways, the full scope of the Wii controller details have yet to be revealed by Pixar and Nintendo
and says, although I cannot elaborate any further, let me say that Nintendo should show
that movement in 3D space will allow experiences outside of just the TV screen and it's not
3D projection related.
But this also kind of, if you think about it, goes back to that one article we had about
Red Steel and how some of the multiplayer won't take place on TV, which is interesting.
The first game that's going to be shown to the public that will demonstrate the full
scope of the Wii controller potential will be Dragon Ball Z Budokai Tenkaichi 2, which
is also scheduled for October by the way.
That's for all systems, including the Wii.
The sensor bar was in all actuality in no use at E3.
What it will allow hasn't been shown yet, which I don't know what that's supposed to
mean but interesting.
And it says, according to people who are working close with everyday events and Nintendo research
and development, Nintendo Wii specifications were far and away developed solely for the
machine.
And it says apparently that the specs keep changing on it.
so that there's plans on maybe doing a Wii headset and it says for the online capability
and they might even go further in having it have a gyroscope inside of the headset.
For game use.
Interesting.
Some of it far-fetched, some of it maybe?
I don't know.
We'll see.
It's a lot of speculation.
You know, it's just so frustrating because Sony talks too much and Nintendo doesn't talk
enough.
Yeah. Why can't they just, maybe they need to shuffle their corporate structures a little
bit and then you know we get some people, some loudmouths on Nintendo and some quieter
people at Sony. It would be beautiful. I don't know, but these, these rumors frustrate me
to no end and make me angsty. How do you feel about that Dark Sakura? Do you get angsty
of these rumors. Here come the FU's of the week, boys and girls. My FU of the week goes
toward websites that use flash ads that have sound on them. Like when you go on MySpace
in here. Smack the bug to win a million dollars! Or like whatever site that was playing the
sounds of death, and I couldn't find what adit was to turn it off. Just a big, stinky
pile of poo on that.
Loki.
Um, you know, FU to IGN, and FU to IGN for one reason, and I've covered this before.
Jessica Chobot. I don't like her. And the reason I don't like her is because she's...
it's like a Paris Hilton situation here. Famous for no apparent reason. Famous because of
something stupid. Famous because she licked a PSP. Come on now. And now they have her
in like this 17 volume whatever right now feature where she talks about stuff and has
stupid pictures and this one of course she has snakes on her because of snakes on a plane.
snakes on the chest I guess lame come on folks I mean stop pouring her out she's
nobody stop trying to make her somebody my f-you of the week goes to my facial
hair for growing too fast as you can see I was too lazy to shave today or
yesterday and I practically have a beard at this point so an F you to the and an
And F.U. to the inflating cost of razors.
Magus!
Yo, my F.U. this week is the same as last week.
F.U. to my air conditioner.
Apparently the compressor took a shit, they have to replace the whole unit.
Oh no, we're not going to replace the whole unit, we're just going to fix the one we have.
You know, make a decision and get to it because it's still like 90 degrees in my den.
My computer will not work right, and it's just a big pain in the ass.
Alright.
Thanks for keeping the angst quick tonight, guys.
It allows us to move on to another story.
Anyways, speaking of fun stuff, this week, Fusion Frenzy 2 was announced.
And for those who might not remember, it was a really cool game that was on the Xbox.
And it's basically a collection of about, you know, 40 or so mini-games.
Well this time they're going to be having more mini games as well over 40 and set on
seven different planets as well as online multiplayer matches and tournaments and it
says players will be able to use tournament cards they've earned for a variety of purposes
including selecting the next game to be played or choosing the next planet to go to.
So it sounds like a pretty fun little 360 game and it's set to hit the stores this holiday
season.
Well if you're having a hard time playing through Fusion Frenzy 1, maybe you ought to
get a tutor.
The Wall Street Journal has recently run a report on gamers who are using their skills
to help pay the rent and basically what they are doing is they are setting up this whole
enterprise here.
Seeing as gamers that work all day have not a lot of time to perfect their skills, gaming-lessons.com
has this guy, Tom Taylor, who you pay $45 for an hour, and he will turn you into an
expert master chief.
What do you guys think about hiring tutors to get better at games?
It's I guess an interesting idea for them to use to make money, but no.
By the way, if you're questioning whether this is legit or anything, what can this guy
do for me this is the guy who also just signed like this big fat quarter million
dollar contract to play halo essentially okay well how are you gonna teach me to
play something other than halo oh that's right well maybe you know if the
business model works here then it can work you know elsewhere so what kind of
a tutor is he I mean that's like saying I owe a master at fractions okay can you
teach me some multiplication I'm a master at fractions no I don't know it's
This is kind of dumb.
I'm actually kind of curious.
I want to look at this site real quick.
It's gaming-lessons.com.
Hmm.
They have a gaming lessons store available?
They have some...
It looks like they have some free, you know, that sold out lessons.
Wow.
People are buying these.
Sounds oddly familiar.
Sounds like that whole Penny Arcade Academy of 2000, only without the tanks and piranhas.
Wow.
Interesting stuff.
I'm just kind of tearing through the site here.
Yeah, it talks about the major league gaming signing crazy
That's like getting a professional baseball player to come tutor to you though in a way, right? I
Mean guess people wouldn't laugh at that idea. So why does this seem a little silly? I would laugh at that idea
All right fair enough if you have a comment on that you could always send it into our mailbag mailbag at orange lounge radio
Calm and every week dark soccer likes to dig into the mailbag and pull out her favorite letters that hopefully aren't too moldy
yeah some of them had some funk on them and it was it was a convention funk not
as bad as fanboy funk all right anyway she's gonna open up that mailbag right
now kids and pull out some of her favorite letters to share with us right
now one of our emails comes from ion six seven one not gonna read the whole thing
but he calls us the OL army generals I think that's pretty funny
that's senior sergeant to you I actually generals above sergeant whatever it
doesn't matter I'm making a Warcraft joke but whatever okay and if you guys
are music game fans do you have any favorite game soundtracks from any game
music game or not my favorite is definitely jets at radio wow that's a
really broad question I mean you want like recent game soundtracks or old
school stuff long gun midnight max oh I love long gun as far as like a non
Oh, yeah, that's got a great soundtrack for driving heck I I'll use that soundtrack. Well at least the cuts
I have I don't have the whole thing I need to re-get it
I'll use the cuts when I play Xbox 360 driving games like instead of EA tracks because I don't really like a lot of that
Stuff I'll listen to that music while playing driving games. It's awesome. I've told you you have access to all my stuff
I know I just keep forgetting um
Dance dance revolution third mix had a kick-ass soundtrack in my opinion
If you want to go new school. If you want to go like really old school, I like soundtracks like Super Metroid, but it's really old.
Loki, anything you want to suggest?
What was a really fun one I had? Well, I had my car Gran Turismo, the first one.
That had a pretty decent soundtrack.
Rez had a pretty good soundtrack.
Ooh yeah, Rez.
And Space Channel 5!
Yeah, I played that forever in my car.
hmm I don't know I'm really recently like I can't really see burner revenge
because a lot of the music I didn't like other than junkie XL but oh hello I
mean why you had some pretty good stuff Justin and chat wins symphony of the
night when actually actually actually I have many it's I love symphony and that
soundtrack especially the Saturn one they had the remixes of bloody tears and
Vampire Hunter.
Oh yes.
But, um, I actually will take my co- I actually burned off all the, uh, sound- all the music
off of my, um, uh, Rondo of Blood, just to listen to the remixed versions of all the
old school Castlevania tunes.
That and there's just, uh, there's music in that that's just so awesome and it's all
Redbook audio so you can actually play this on soundtrack.
Wow, Rama and Chad just gave us a useless trivia fact.
The girl that did the voice of Ulala on Space Channel 5 now works at Home Depot in New York
city how's that smile yeah she also still does apparently still does
conventions but but works at Home Depot I wonder she but she go up and down the
aisles you know going choo-choo-choo she used to be the the real-life anime girl
is what her whole deal was apparently she gave a shot of her business to the
crowd at Coast Con about five years ago home lighting to get in where I and I
get this from an eyewitness by the way next email before I say something really
bad sorry okay I was going down a troublesome path I needed to be shown
the light that the Grand Theft Auto new wave one oh cuz it's all my favorite
80s oh yeah the 80 like seven discs of 80s music and stuff good and one of it
was new wave so uh actually I've been really getting into the Kingdom Hearts
2 soundtrack though because I had put the Tron music on repeat so you've got
about 50 different soundtrack suggestions from us so have fun buying
all those legally just bringing up some of the Final Fantasy hate to in this
email he actually wanted to tell me to rock on with Aerith dying but he's
basically displeased with the fanboys on the internet he has a one-up club for
people you know who are in the same games as he is and people are all like
And he tried to ask them nicely not to and they were like being rude back
So it was like, you know what? That's the nature of the internet
You know there I think isn't there an abuse report. I'm biting my tongue so bad right now
You don't even know so I'm just get off of one up start a Yahoo group
Okay, how's that that's fine
Start a real website anyway moving on
Our friend Rob with two B's sent us an email, here's some fuel for the fire the next time
you discuss watching your own children.
My nephews visited yesterday, their mom had no clue which games they owned.
It turns out that only the ones I gave them, all appropriate for kids, are the ones they
had.
But talking with the kids made me realize something, your children will be exposed to
almost every game made through their friends.
That's a rough realization, despite your best efforts, little Johnny Doe will have Resident
Evil on his DS because Mommy bought it for him.
Johnny will show the other kids regardless of age, including your own.
Therefore, as long as one's parent doesn't care which games their kids play, no amount
of laws will be effective or even practical in keeping that game away from your own children
unless you live under a rock.
You can only battle this type of outside influence by teaching your kids to understand what is
real, what is fantasy, and why they're different.
Amen!
Exactly.
Nail on the head.
Also, now this is something that I had actually half thought of getting for myself, we'd been
discussing it.
We got an email from, oh I think our connection just hiccuped, anyway, we got an email from
Gareth, who asked about the GP2X, which is the sequel to the GP32, which comes from Korea.
It's an open source handheld system.
You can load, as he says in here, I can play loads of classic emulated games, watch videos
and podcasts all on one device. It's at gp2x.com
or gp2x.co.uk
By the way, I want to thank the listeners. This is a
completely different random topic. I don't remember who suggested it to me, but
somebody suggested the
front row application for the Mac and like how you can install it on a Mac
that it didn't really come with
and that's been great for my laptop for like video podcasts and movies and
stuff. So you talking about a device that would play all that
Kind of made me think of that so I've decided when I buy my Mac. I'm gonna be getting the virtual XP
I forgot who told me about that, but thank you
Anyway, sorry
And
then
one comes the last one I'm gonna
Point out tonight is actually a question that comes from a skater, dude
Hey Orangels Radio, I was wondering about how the DS sales are dramatically larger than
the PSP sales.
Do you think it is because the DS is cheaper or what?
Please give me your thoughts.
Love the show.
So I think there's crazy people out there that bought a DS and a DS Lite when it came
back out.
Yeah, I'd agree.
I didn't do that, but I will get a DS Lite when they come out with the new colors because
I'm not going to be suckered into buying one of these white ones and then, you know, a
a few months later, ooh, pretty blue, pretty pink,
pretty green, or whatever else they're going to release.
What if they come out pretty blue
and you really want it pretty like red or something,
and then red comes out?
Then I'll just be mad.
I like my white one.
I'll be flat up mad.
I just, you know, there'll be a cooler color that all the cool
kids want.
So why do you have a white one?
Any more emails?
Dear Rob, STFU.
OK, thanks, bye.
Any more emails?
No, there aren't.
We should have more emails sent to us at mailbag at orangelaunsradio.com.
Tell us how much you love it when I make those jokes that make Jamie uncomfortable.
Hope to hear from you soon.
Exactly.
And in the meantime, while you're waiting to send emails or something, or need something
send emails about, perhaps the creator of Electroplankton's brand new project, the
Tenori On, would be something that you'll want to talk about.
And basically Toshio EY is coming up with this brand new device, it's basically a 16
by 16 grid of LCD switches, or LED switches, which are used to actually play music.
and you can kind of use this to create your own mixes. He actually has a website that
you can visit, which is www.global.yamaha.com slash design slash tenori dash on, which is
T-E-N-O-R-I dash O-N. And you can check it out. The device looks pretty interesting.
he says that anybody can use it to make music, and it looks kind of sexy.
So kind of a neat little device there.
And if it's anything like electroplankton, it should be pretty awesome.
Well, I know some people that played a lot of electroplankton, in fact, so much they
were addicted.
And you might remember on a previous program, episode of Orange Launch Radio, we talked
about the Dutch Game Addiction Clinic, and we were talking about all that, the folks
that were signing up to go to this clinic.
Well guess what?
Ever since this hit some of the mainstream news, apparently the gaming treatment program
has been inundated with calls from parents wanting to get their kids in this.
Clinic director Keith Bakker explained, computer game addiction is obviously an even greater
problem than we imagined.
Everything okay?
No, nothing.
Okay.
Just making sure.
Just makin' sure, hoo!
Hmm, sounded like there was something bad goin' on over there.
Um, you're having a little too much fun here.
I can say something about that name, however, I don't want to reveal where I...
Does the game addiction thing strike a chord with you?
No, I'm not addicted. Much.
Alright, uh, it is conceded that video game addiction, also by the same guy,
quote, is not a chemical dependency, but it's got everything of an obsessive-compulsive disorder
disorder and all the other stuff that comes with chemical dependencies.
Hmm, interesting.
You know, and I know there was another related story that talked about some guy was so addicted
to video games that he never left his room and he peed in a bottle or something like
that.
That's awesome.
Okay, dude, that guy had more problems with being addicted to video games because I don't
know in what universe that's considered sanitary by any means.
That's obsessive compulsive disorder.
Yeah, there's something else going on there.
That's more than game addiction.
That's craziness.
I don't know.
It needs professional help, absolutely.
I don't know. But I'm kind of weary about these people just, you know, having the parents
call in and say, oh yeah, my kids are addicted to games because they just play them a lot
and stuff. And it kind of reminds me of that But I'm a Cheerleader movie.
Why is our chat room supporting the peeing in a bottle thing? I mean, is this just an
internet chat thing? We have Eddie saying, pee in a bottle, for the win. Cage says, peeing
in a bottle is awesome, it's liberating. Okay, the only time when it's ever socially acceptable
to pee in a bottle is when you just can't pull over for some reason.
At the doctor's office.
Okay, fine. That's different.
Or if you have cancer and have a colostomy and have to pee in a bottle.
Fine. Those are all medically necessary reasons, but I mean, because you're too lazy to put
down the controller for five seconds, a Halo 2, and go pee, it doesn't take that long to
pee.
Poop sock.
I don't even want to go to number two. I don't even want to go there. This show's
Fucked up enough as it is
You know the show's gone down the toilet and I mean that do you think that's crazy
Well, you know the talk of the Xbox 360 dropping down to 299 that is crazy talk and that's a pisser
exactly says
Michael our analyst Michael patcher as pretty has a
to pretty much explain why this isn't going to happen. And the reason why is, Microsoft
Brass has informed the Xbox division that it must turn a profit or at least break even
in the fiscal 2007 year, which ends on June 30th of next year. He explains that that means
that the price cuts on the Xbox 360 will only come if the box costs less to produce, ship
and market than wholesale price. But the best guess is the box currently costs around $400
to $450 to produce and it's likely that the company can get that down to below $400 later
this year. However, just because of the price of manufacturing drops does not mean that
they're going to drop the price. It just means they make more profit. So the only reason
they'll drop the price to $2.99 is say the PS3 comes out and they're like oh
yeah by the way when we said it was gonna come out for $4.99 actually $2.99
is the price that we're gonna come out for it then they'll drop the price so
not gonna happen no don't hold your breath there's better games coming out
in the fall you know when all those games come out then you can decide which
system you want well you know who's actually thinking that they're gonna be
doing a lot of profit. That would be Nintendo. They're going Wii. They actually, um, Nintendo
has actually just put out their results for their quarter ending last month. Are they
going Wii in a bottle? I didn't want anybody to go there. I really didn't. Please let the
the lady finish her story basically DS is pulling in so much profit basically
they've sold 21 million DS's and 4.1 million DS lights they've also sold more
than 78 million games Nintendo's basically projecting that from April of
this year through March of next they will sell another 17 million DS's and
75 million games, um, they were actually higher than their E3 predictions, um, actually they're
still supporting Game Boy Advance, they're expecting to sell another 2.5 million Game
Boy Advances, uh, 30 million games for the system, um, now, they basically have, uh,
ditched the, uh, micro, I own a micro.
God, I remember seeing that at E3, I'm like, wow, that's the dumbest idea I've seen yet.
Actually like my micro because when I was really bored standing around in line
I had my micro on my mom my lanyard around my throat my neck and I could pick it up whenever I got really bored and
Play me some Kingdom Hearts
It was or you know puzzle as playing a pocket fighter not like a fighter a puzzle fighter
Now this is the interesting part Nintendo's got some predictions about the Wii as I had mentioned
basically for over the next five or six months they're going to be selling the system
they're expecting 6 million consoles and 17 million games
Ambitious, you think they can do it?
Oh yeah, it's Nintendo
Yeah, but you know, GameCube, Nintendo 64, not so, well GameCube was actually, GameCube was actually pretty good
Wii versus PS3, no contest
No contest.
At this point, absolutely, but I don't know.
The Sony fanboy in me still thinks Sony might be up to something, but we'll see.
Anyway, what do you guys think about anything we've talked about tonight?
Give us a call.
Our Skype line is open.
It's www.orangelaungeradio.com.
Click on interact with us and our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio or you can
always pick up the old-fashioned phone and call us that way.
It's 916-226-9067.
You can always pick up the phone and do it that way.
We are looking forward to your calls, right now!
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Can you hear me now?
Yes, I can hear you just fine.
What's on your mind?
Uh, there's not much.
Wait, who is this?
Introduce yourself to the listeners.
I know who this is.
Yeah, at least one person knows who I am.
Hey, I know who you are too, but the new listeners might not.
Who is this?
It is the one and only Rahnema from the East Coast.
Hey Rahnema from the East Coast, what's on your mind?
Um, I was kind of surprised with the whole E3 thing, but then again, I'm not at the same
time.
I mean E3 is like
the thing that you go to but yet you probably have to sell
one of your kidneys just to get in you know. Not really
I mean I have to be honest it wasn't as hard as I thought it would be
If you have a legitimate reason for being there it's really not hard to get in
there
Yeah but you know
but the way I see it you know as I said in the article
mini E3 is going to be happening. I don't see it going to Comic Con,
not in a long shot. I don't see it. Do you think somebody else is going to start
something that's similar to E3?
Well we already have something going as much of its East Coast as we were screaming
about in the chat room earlier tonight, which was
Digital Life. What makes you think Digital Life is going to be the new E3?
Well first off, it only takes like 25 bucks to get in for the full weekend.
It's spacious and it's like you got
Gaming in one section talk about the latest technology on one
Nothing, but free demos of stuff to walk away with plus you have freaking cosplayers. They're having a great time
Hmm
What so this is a show that's open to the public yeah
Is this the direction that a show like e3 or whatever hopes to become the next e3
Is that a direction that they should be taking is to be a public show you think I?
I tend to think so. I mean the way they have this have it up like maybe the first day
Important industry people only then open to the public for everyone else. I
Don't think so. Why not? Well, if you do e3 public, it's gonna be a clusterfuck
I mean think of how it is right now just with how many people are there. Can you imagine like double that?
You yes, I can it's called New York Comic Con
Interesting
Well anyway in New York City, but then again, you know, LA is pretty big too and is a you know
Good place to have something like that. So I don't know how much bigger New York City could be. I mean, yes, it's New York City
There's no, you know
Shortage of places to stay or anything like that
But it's you know
I don't know you see on plus side New York City is like this melt all types of great stuff
But on the downside where the Jacob Javits Center is for digital life
It's like in a 15-minute walk to the most local hotel unless you cross the
river to Jersey. I mean for something like this you'd have to bank on the fact
that most people will be taking the bus and the subways to get to and fro.
Well interesting. It actually generates more revenue for the city.
I hope so because they're not raising, they're not hiking up the fares
for another year. Do you see something like that realistically happening in the
next couple years the show getting bigger and bigger and yeah I tend to
think so yeah all right well we'll see what happens if it gets big enough we'll
have to come out there you know that of course I have to send you my list of all
the cons I'm hitting up next year so you can come on out hey of course with no E3
this year that might mean I can make an East Coast con exactly that's what I'm
thinking too is like hey travel budget back so maybe I can go somewhere so I
you know in digital life something I've been wanting to do for a while and it's
It's like a geek's paradise.
The first day I went, they had teams from local high schools having a contest of how
fast they could build a computer from start to finish, including boot up to Windows.
And I just realized I'm going to be in New York City in October, and I haven't said anything
about this on the show yet, but I'm planning on going to New York City in October, but
it's the wrong weekend.
I won't be there for digital life.
It's going to be towards the end of October.
What date?
I don't know for sure yet.
I'll have more details later, because I'll definitely go to the Nintendo store or something
and meet fans if they want to come out.
I'll be at Y-Con.
I'll be your security guard.
Alright, uh, yeah, so, oh god, I shouldn't have said anything on the New York City thing.
Yeah, that's going to happen in October, but I'll say more about that later.
But anything else?
SkyCon, New York City.
Whatever.
Anything else you want to say?
That's basically it, and I'm loving the show, because if you didn't notice, I was feeling
sick earlier, but listening made me feel better, so.
Laughter heals everything.
Thank you so much.
Appreciate it.
All right, nurse.
Later.
Oh, you know what?
Let's move E3 to YowieCon.
I like that idea.
Ooh, that's a pretty boy nookie.
Hello, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hi.
This is Eddie.
Hi, Eddie.
What's on your mind, buddy?
I just wanted to comment on the E3 going public thing.
Realistically, I really don't think that's going to happen.
I mean, E3 is there for industry people to get stuff done.
And if you have one day that's open to the industry and the rest is open to the public,
I don't think there's enough time for people to get things done.
And well, if they open it to both the industry and the public at the same time, the industry
people doesn't want to be tripping over all these fanboys who are there to see the latest
game.
Right.
So what would your suggestion be for the independents?
What do the Kenshi folks do now?
I actually think the IndyCon is a pretty good idea, but I still don't think it should be
open to the public.
I think it should still be an industry-only thing where publishers can't go to find new
materials to publish, I guess.
Alright.
Anything else you want to share with our listeners?
No, not really.
Alright.
Well, thanks for your thoughts.
Yeah.
It's not a problem.
We like doing it, because fine folks like yourself call us every week.
All right.
All right, have a good one, buddy.
Thank you.
Later.
We'll do one more call.
All right.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawns Radio.
Who's this?
It's Ravenstaufen again.
Sorry about that.
That's all right.
Much better connection.
Porn torrents off this time?
Yes.
Much better.
All right.
Porno tubes off?
Yes.
Excellent.
Porno tubes off.
All right.
Let's try this again.
What did you want to call in about?
E3.
to going to be canceled I think it's going to be downsized. Oh no we never
said canceled. Oh well okay well yeah we did we said we said canceled as we know
it. I have no doubt the ESA is gonna do something but the question is is that
something going to be good enough and that's what I ask you is that something
going to be good enough? I don't know I I think I don't know it might be bad news
for Nintendo and Sony, don't they have like these splatchy plazads and everything to go
all out for this thing?
Yes, but what's to stop Nintendo from doing a, you know, well hell, they're doing their
Fusion Tour.
I mean they can take that stuff on the road, and rumor is there was something going around
on one of the, Kotaku or something, saying that they were going to be doing a special
tour.
I don't know if it was the Fusion Tour or something separate, but they were going to
take their show on the road.
There's nothing to stop Sony from doing something similar, having a huge event in LA.
All these guys could still do press conferences.
It's just going to be weird because E3 kind of brought it
all together.
And now you're going to have, I think at least in 2007,
you're just going to have a clusterfuck of all these random events.
It's going to be really weird.
That's going to be funny, all this clusterfuck
of all these things.
It might be an interesting time in 2007.
True, but for us little guys who don't really
have a travel budget, who like to bring the news to you guys, we're screwed.
I mean, maybe not so much us.
We're fortunate enough to be in the Bay Area-ish.
I mean, Bay Area is a 90-minute drive.
So realistically, we can get to most events over there pretty
easy.
But I feel sorry for a lot of other folks
who don't have that same luxury being able to drive.
And not every company is in the Bay Area.
Some are in LA, which is a little harder to get to.
And some are in, you know, what, Canada, other countries.
Hell, one of the nicest people we talked to at E3 this year
were those folks from Spain that were developed in the,
what was it?
It was like American Pie Meets Grand Theft Auto.
I can't remember the name of the game now, but what was it called summer something that summer summer heat or something?
Yeah, it was it was funny cuz I had a lot of a guy stealing a panties on the cover. It was funny
I think I'll show our listeners ravens dolphin. Yeah, you left this out of your note
PSP got a firmware update
2.2 point eight last week. Yeah. Yeah, go listen last week show buddy. Uh, it came out. I mean, oh, yeah
Oh yeah, we didn't have it on the show the other night because we already talked about that it was coming out.
What do you think? Did you download it?
It's on the PSP. I have to put it in. I didn't really have a chance to test it out yet.
Alright, call us back next week after you've tested it out because I haven't upgraded mine yet. I'm a little lazy.
Oh, one more thing about the PSP and the DS Lite sales.
Go for it. Yeah.
Well, this is my opinion why the DS is doing better
because it's targeted to little kids and people that like
things. Nintendo's a little kid company. I'm not being mean, that's what they say.
Okay. It's a family-friendly company.
Yeah, it's a family-friendly company and when people see it they go,
ah, friendly. But then Sony has
family-friendly stuff on it too. Well, yeah.
But they also have Grand Theft Auto. Sony's looking for that luxury liner. They
They want you to get your money.
This thing is not cheap either.
Alright, well, thanks for sharing your thoughts.
Appreciate it.
Sorry about the bad quality the first time.
That's okay.
It'll be edited out like it was never there.
Oh, thank you.
Our podcast listeners are going to go, what are they talking about?
That first call's not even there.
Have a good one.
You too.
Bye.
Now, I just want our podcast folks to know we really don't edit a lot on the show.
We really don't.
We like to keep things pure here.
the only things we really added out dead air and bad Skype calls and there's a really bad
connection
so just wanted you guys to know that. Alright one more call it's another New Yorker so
this should be fun
Hi you're on Orange Launch Radio who's this? It's one and only Legend of Zaku
Oh another New Yorker on the line let me guess Digital Life? New E3?
Yeah of course that's that's obviously that's the same thing I was
yeah same thing as Rama said. Alright then what are your thoughts on this why is
Digital Life to be the new E3 besides the fact it's in your backyard?
Basically is I mean you're breaking down e3 and spreading it across the country. That's pretty much what is gonna happen next year
I'm gonna restate this. I'm gonna you know, I'm gonna second the statements. I already said it's a cluster fuck. It'll be a
What will happen is is that?
The elements that made e3 really successful in the in the earlier days in the in the first few ones
Like, you know allowing the public to to go in is basically gonna help the little you know
the other smaller shows which are gonna just they're gonna steal E3's lightning
like that and E3 on the other hand will now you know it's a wake-up call for
them it's a wake-up call for the industry for the you know for the fact
that this show went out it was just flooded with hype too much fat when
basically the whole purpose of E3 was to focus on you know the hardcore content
Zaku when was the public ever allowed in E3? I think in the earlier days
according to the Wikipedia it wasn't really that the public was allowed but I
mean my understanding is it was pretty easy to get in yes that's basically what
I'm saying okay let me restate that it was a lot easier to get all right fine
whatever okay so basically by adding the element of having the public involved
then you build a pipe you bring the hype to the people directly but at the same
time we're not one of the dangers about that is that people are gonna play these
demos at E3 and then go, well that game sucks, and when it wasn't really half finished.
The problem is that it's just too many people that aren't supposed to be there, and that's
one of the risks associated with opening a show of that magnitude to the public.
It will be too crowded.
I want to hear from some developers.
I'm excited for tomorrow, Monday, because I'm excited to hear from some developers about
what their plans are, because you know the commercial gaming folks that have access to
people like that are going to be asking those questions.
I'm really curious to see what they say the big three will do right they'll create their own shows with the same hype as e3
Yeah, and it's basically God. I hope I have enough frequent flyer miles. Yeah, that's true
If anything you could just outsource your your journalists, you know, you're you're reporting to other people online
Hey
we've always said we've always said we love to get reports from other people that can go to shows like this when we can't but
Nobody knows it
Yeah, but this would be a good call then to reiterate that well here is consider it reiterated email me
You can email myself personally or seal mail the mailbag. Hell. Yeah email Loki. He'll say sure go for it. Hey
But you do the mailbag. So yeah
No email 23rd maggots, so he'll make sure we find out
That's the best way to do it, by just spreading out, having like a network.
And so basically you'll come down to that, it'll be spread out.
When you're covering these shows, follow the OL Army principle of don't be a dick.
And remember, you don't represent Orange Lounge Radio, I just want to let the listeners
know that.
But if you want to send us fan stuff out there that you taped for us as a gift to us, go
for it.
Love it.
I mean, you can count all these other guys as contributors, and that's basically what we'll become anyways.
Yeah, works for me.
Nothing but good contributors.
Alright, Zaku, then go to Digital Life at your camcorder and send us some stuff back, alright?
I'll get you something from there, like I did last year.
Sounds- oh, that's right, our poster, remember, from Digital Life last year, so.
Alright, it's hanging up right here, right over Jamie's head.
Right.
In all of its Illustrator glory.
Hanging right next to the Jay and Silent Bob, all you motherfuckers are gonna pay.
are going to pay. You are the one who is going to wear the Bollicker's poster. Alright, Zaku,
have a good one. Alright, you too. Bye. Well, that was an animated Skype line tonight. Half
the calls were from New York City. I love New York City. Not a problem with New York
City. I'm looking forward to going there very soon. New York City? Somebody get a rope.
I haven't been to New York since I was in high school.
It's a fun place. I played at Carnegie Hall. There's always stuff to do in New York City.
It's true. Any last minute stories before we get into the final story of the night?
I don't think so.
Then I guess we go to the final story of the night. Oh, I'm sorry,
I did have one. You lie! No, I was
not lying. It's impossible! I was gonna mention there's a demo out there now
if you have upgraded your PSP the firmware 2.8 for mercury meltdown
so you can check that out for free and
so I don't know I thought that was kind of neat not a
reason I would go and upgrade mine to 2.8 although I should because
I don't know I have nothing better to do with it but um
yeah check it out anyways
no that's it alright then let's go to our last story of the evening
let's let's talk about what's wrong with this world
and why Brazil just couldn't win the World Cup
well the reason why they couldn't win the World Cup
sex and PlayStation 2
that's right. At least that's what they're blaming and I thought that was kind of funny
but anywho
yeah so
Apparently, the reason why they're, you know, lead footballers out there, you know, getting
too sexed up, which is apparently, I guess, against their rules during the World Cup,
and playing too much FIFA 06 on PlayStation 2.
Good at the game, but not good at the actual game, so it kinda sucks for him.
Alright, then I think it's time to go around and get everybody's final thought for the
DarkSakura, you've got a mic in your hand, why don't you start us off.
Two, reject false icons, and I like beer.
Loki, your final thought.
My final thought is the king of all cosmos for some reason,
it's the number five top gayest video game characters out there.
What's number one?
Tingle, or uh, Tingle, I think.
Makes sense.
uh... my final thought is uh... chicken wrapped in bacon
twenty-three maggots your final thought
I went to espattus for the first time this week so you know brazilian
grill for those that
don't know what kind of food that is
it's just big hunks of meat getting thrown on your plate
uh... maggots your final thought thanks for being here tonight
pie pea to the moon
on that note thank you guys for listening to orange lounge radio and
supporting independent
Radio, you guys rock! We'll see you next time on the big show.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast programs, visit our website at www.orangewoundradio.com.
See you next week!
