We're your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky, and we're all to your care!
Tonight, July 23, 2006, details on PSP updates from Comic-Con, World of Warcraft undergoes
controversial changes in its expansion, and brace yourselves for Animal Crossing the movie.
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 192 for this July 23, 2006, and welcome!
My name is Rob Roberts, you might know me as Sky, joining me as always, say hello to
my wonderful co-hosts, Modular Cellular Dark Sakura over there in that corner.
Mobile.
That's where you're from, isn't it?
that's mobile oh close how you doing dark Sakura hot I know it's 111 degrees
outside damn it it is really hot in Sacramento and in my opinion having been
a California guy my whole life very humid and I realize it's not East Coast
humid but it's pretty darn humid which we're not used to here this is not humid
yeah but it's humid er than usual it's not humid it's maybe moist it's not the
humid uh Loki is also here our tech master Loki that was a horrible joke I know how you
doing I'm doing okay and also our very special guest or spatial guest taking up space say
hello to Andrew Loktar bitches how you doing for the Horde uh we're here to talk about
video game news that doesn't suck uh sometimes we talk about sucky news this is actually
a little bit of a slow news week so we might have some news of suck tonight I don't know
We'll see we'll see what's on our plate, but we're gonna start off tonight's show as we always do talking about what video games
We've been playing Dark Sakura. What have you been playing my friend?
played some Animal Crossing in World of Warcraft for like an hour and
a lot of pinball a
lot of pinball
What machines that's just the same ones you own just the same ones
So I actually played a lot of last action hero today except it's really hot in the garage and I wanted to die
So I went back in and tried not to you know become a corpse since I had to do the show today
Gotcha, and I played with Legos last night, but you baked cookies. I made cookies amongst your you know boredom
So that's great and my cookies are made of awesome and win
And chocolate
You could also make you could almost make a sequel to the milkshake song out of that
My cookies are made of awesome and win. Forget it.
Rob.
Kill me. It's made of lose and fail, sorry.
Shut up.
Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob.
Look, I have had a really strange week, okay? That's all I have to say.
Anything else then?
Excuses, excuses.
I know, I always have excuses. Anything else then?
Dark soccer with the games?
No.
Alright. Loki, what have you been playing this week?
I played Crowhounds, and, well, what else did I play this week?
Blazing Angels, even though it sucks.
I haven't played any Blazing Angels this week, Jackass.
Wow!
Did you finally get rid of it?
No, not yet.
I still have to finish it, even though it sucks.
So I played more Grand Theft Auto, because that's awesome, and actually I'm going to
be cleaning out some of my games here pretty soon, so I do need to finish Blazing Angels,
because that's got to go back.
So um, selling back Katamari, me and my Katamari, just bored at that game.
But it's so cute and fun!
It's so cute but who cares, you know, I don't care.
But anyways, um, other than that, what else did I play, I think I played a little bit
more Ridge Racer, and, oh uh, I watched Nellie play Cloning Clyde, because I played more
Frogger too.
What's Cloning Clyde all about, because I didn't have time to really download it and
check it out.
been watching her play and you have no idea what's going on. Yeah, but I've been watching her play it from the couch
while I'm watching TV. So, it looks like
it's basically solving puzzles. You have to kill all these robots in the level
before you're allowed to exit. And they have, you know, 20 different levels or so.
And you basically can clone yourself as well as
you know, be able to transform into different things. Plus it has exploding chickens
that you get the kick. So, that's really fun. Well, I always wanted to play
game where I can kick chickens that's great exactly but um you know it's nice
to see that they're actually putting out some new live arcade games and I don't
know I was trying to get a hold of the Saints Road demo but I haven't made it
over to like a GameStop or something to pre-order the game yet but apparently it
did pop up on the German server for a little bit and some people were able to
nab it before it you know dropped down one of my instant message buddies said
he got a copy of the uh... september magazine original xbox whatever it's
called magazine and it's in there
uh... so
i didn't know it was out yet but i'll pick that one up instead of there you
go
orange launch radio helping you find what you need exactly
or anything else
uh... that's about it i think
well now i'll do my gaming week and we'll go to andrew
uh... my gaming week you know just a lot of the same you know world of warcraft
and uh... couple games of frogger here and there
But one new thing I did check out is that I heard through the grapevine that GameTap
went through some pretty major upgrades.
The GameTap service rehab is basically paying for emulation in a way, but we had one of
the folks on the board over there at GameTap, one of the vice presidents, a few episodes
ago talking about some of the new things that were going to be coming to GameTap.
One thing he would never give a clear answer on, but we said, GameTap needs this, GameTap
needs this, was multiplayer.
And sure enough, guess what GameTap upgraded to recently?
They have some limited multiplayer stuff in there now.
It's a little bit new, it's not perfect yet, it's not supported on all games, it's supported
on about 15, and some of the games they picked are really random.
You can kind of tell that they're sort of testing this right now because a lot of the
games are not two-player simultaneous games.
They're games like Pac-Man, which is one of the most popular multiplayer games on there
right now is Pac-Man.
You know, the way multiplayer Pac-Man works is like, I play, then you play, then I play, you know, it kind of trades off.
But they do have some same-time multiplayer games on there right now, like Joust, and I played some Joust against somebody.
And so that's pretty exciting because that means that, you know, this is probably the first step in the direction of Street Fighter II,
other popular two-player arcade games, you know, in the future.
My only complaint about the whole thing is that it was really weird setup like it was it took a minute for me to figure
out okay, what's the difference between
Being an orange name and clicking on instant match and being you know, it wasn't really explained very well
But it's new and I figure after they get some of the bugs worked out because there is some lag issues
But it's not as bad as I would have thought and actually I had a smoother game of joust on game tap than I did
On Xbox Live, maybe that's because you don't have voice going through there at the same time
I don't know, but I had a really smooth game of joust with somebody
But it's just but it's a start. You know what I mean?
This is a really exciting upgrade because it means that game tap has that technology and is likely to move forward
You know with this and adding more games, you know
They're gonna want stuff like Street Fighter 2 puzzle fighter and some of the other great, you know, two-player games
They have on there. Oh, I wish they do magic sword. That would be awesome
They just added like Mega Man power battle one and two and hopeful. Hopefully those will be multiplayer in the future
You know, I'd be pretty awesome. So it's very exciting
I think GameTap needed something like that to justify why you should pay for it.
I mean, I already liked it as it is because they work with the gaming companies to make
sure that the games run smoothly and accurately like the originals and, you know, it's the
whole good karma thing.
But it's nice now that they are starting to get more and more away from, hey, I'm just
paying for emulation, but I'm getting a lot of extra crap that's pretty cool.
So now they have AOL, Instant Messenger built in, all this other stuff I think is really
cool.
So I like the direction GameTap is going.
The weird thing is though, I don't hear of a lot of people that are subscribed to them.
I don't know anyone else who subscribes but me.
I mean I run into people obviously on their multiplayer.
I hope that's not a bad sign.
I hope their business is doing well, but I think things like this will help.
And I think if they ever are able to get it working on Macs, that's going to be a huge
help too.
It'll be a huge, huge help.
So anyway, that was pretty much my gaming week.
And I do rec- you know, I've talked a lot of positive things about it, but I really
do recommend it and I enjoy it.
What, Logie?
Yeah, like, cause if they got that working on Macs, that would, you know, multiply the
amount of games that Mac can play by like a hundred.
It would!
It actually would!
It'd be pretty cool!
No, seriously, though, you know, you give Macs a hard time, but, okay, obviously one
of the things that people always say is you can't really play as many games on a Mac,
so having GameTab would be a pretty cool little upgrade, so, it really would.
Alright Andrew, how was your gaming week?
Not bad, I was getting in some
some World of Warcraft on the test servers
testing out the new Rogue Talent Review
pretty impressed by that
also took the time to finish up Tales of Legendia
an English program, still pissed off that
they never took the time to
do voice acting for the second half of the game
good game there Namco
also starting to get into
Wild Arms 3, which is a pretty decent RPG, recommended.
That's about all that I've done this week.
We have some folks in our chat room over at www.orangelaungerator.com, click on chat talking
about the whole GameTap thing, talking about it there.
Some love there for Joust, two player simultaneous there from VX JasonXV.
Yuri Lover wants to know when GameTap's going to get multiplayer Ridge Racer.
Something tells me that.
Well, they do have other...
They do have I know that joke is kind of like really old now, but they do have other Namco games on there
But I don't know if that would really work. They don't like PlayStation is not one of the systems. They emulate right now
They have dreamcast as I don't know. Maybe you're emulating dreamcast. Why not emulate Soul Calibur?
I my god, would that not be my god
Do you know how many freaking game tab subscriptions that would sell right there, but I don't know
Maybe it's just too much of a pain in the ass. Who knows?
Like I said, I'm hoping it's the start of something good
and then they're talking about a little bit about looks like Xbox Live vs. Game
Tap. VidPala says so Game Tap is like Xbox Live Arcade now but then RSF says
Game Tap and Xbox Live Arcade are different business models which is true.
Game Tap doesn't have achievements either and it doesn't have voice chat but at
the same time you pay one flat fee for access to 500 some odd games whereas
Xbox Live Arcade you're paying $5-$10 a game so it's just a different business
model it depends whatever you like so I think that's probably the direction game
tab is going in but that's not really a big surprise because you know xbox live
is successful who wouldn't want a little piece of that business I don't know
jaded2006 agrees that SoulCalibur would be awesome
there you go alright we're gonna go and get into some news now some gaming news
so Loki why don't you start us off tonight yes and what a perfect way to start us off by
talking about the PSP and how there's going to be yet another firmware upgrade and this
one's going to be 2.8 it's going to add video RSS feeds so you can download those wonderful
video podcasts out there as well as a bunch of other fun stuff probably security things
to prevent you from running homebrew and all that wonderful stuff.
This was also coming from Comic Con 2006 which they're kind of displaying some of the stuff
right now. Some of the other things that are actually happening, they were showing off
some of their brand new Sony Connect stuff where they're going to try to get it where
you can download movies to your PSP's memory stick there.
Seeing as they won't be selling UMD's much longer, it makes sense.
Well, you know, they were saying that there's 350 UMD movies out there and they're making
more so...
I think downloadable movies is a smart move right now.
They're going to do it, I mean...
not so I I don't think I will use it that much but you never know you know
before I travel a lot as you guys been listening to the show a while no you
might be kind of tempting to download a movie before I go on the plane next time
I don't know and one of the other things on that's coming with that firmware
update as well is they're going to be including a demo world tour soccer too
which I mean I guess if you're you know excited about that that makes the grand
total of demos that they put out so far to a whopping two or three I mean that's
pretty pathetic I mean I would think you would want to put tons of demos out
there so that they buy your games I do think Sony is making a bit of a mistake
with that but I don't know I mean maybe it's yeah you look at Xbox 360
marketplace and so so many demos some good good news though video out is
something that they're working on right now one thing they aren't working on
though is improving the text entry system on there and no plans for first
party keyboard so yeah that sucks so all this was announced at comic-con right
yeah so what was Sony doing there because it's well comic cons become
like almost like it's become like a nerd con hasn't it exactly it's less less of
comics and more of here's what's coming out movies here's what's coming out
comics here's just coming out toys well but games but but in a way doesn't
comics kind of tie into all that like comics ties into movies you know a lot
of the big grossing movies lately have been you know comic book based like what
Batman Begins was an awesome movie yeah and then you know same thing with games
a lot of games based off comic book franchises as well usually because of
the movies but you know well exactly but it's just it's become a huge nerd fest
so oh that's kind of neat yeah it's funny cuz I was telling my friend the
other day I want to go to comic-con he's like why you don't read comic books I'm
like well but there's cool stuff exactly so yeah that's something look forward to
However though, just for people that aren't in the know, if you are worried that upgrading your PSP is going to possibly ruin your chances for running homebrew stuff,
fear not, because there are plenty of things out there to help you with that, including this wonderful program called DevHook, which is out right now.
They're on version 0.45 and now that you can actually fully emulate the 2.71 firmware and
basically run it with all the functionality of 2.71 as well as homebrew stuff.
And they're also using this to load on custom firmwares as well.
And that on top of the mod chip that's coming out for it, I mean, how much longer are these
firmware updates really going to be a problem?
So, I don't know, it's something interesting.
Hmm.
Alright.
I'll be interested in a new upgrade, especially for the movie thing.
I might have to buy one movie online just to see what it's like.
Just to review it for you guys here on Orange Launch Radio.
We'll see.
Well, if I remember correctly, if I read correctly on this, at least this is the case with those,
how we talked about last week, how they're including a 1GB memory stick and you have
four movies that you can download to that.
the movies aren't full screen, which is really lame.
They're that 320 by whatever on the PSP.
A normal TV ratio.
Yeah, exactly.
That is a little bit of a bummer.
It's really lame.
So, whatever.
Not cool.
We'll see.
Well, anyway, speaking of movies, of course, last week on the show we talked about how
Target had gotten rid of UMDs from their shelves.
We're in the process of phasing that out.
Well, recently, United Press International spoke to the senior VP of marketing at Sony
Computer Entertainment.
His name is Peter Dial.
This is what he said basically about all this negative press it basically comes down to too many releases hmm
here's a quote we have seen studios cut back on releasing their full content on UMD as
Unlike the DVD market the PSP consumer is targeted
We are committed to helping the studios better understand our product and our consumer and will continue to educate them as we evolve and enhance
the functionality of the PSP
So basically it just kinda sounds like that
they're not saying they're done yet but
I don't know. Well I also think it comes down to a space issue too because those
UMDs can't hold a whole lot and to fit
you know more content on top of that it's
tough it's just you can't really fit it that and also they're not making a lot
of money on UMDs
so why bother you know putting exclusive content on there in the first place why
why even bother it's interesting though that the guy reference the whole
you know fact that the PSP is targeted market is we're kinda saying that when
the PSP first came out you saw the list at the launch movies
they were coming out for the PSP it was kinda like while you have a lot of very
you know teenage boy movies coming on PSP but that
I guess is the target market you're not exactly gonna sell a bunch of UMD's
of steel magnolias you know on PSP I would totally buy that movie
me too but you know we'd be the only two actually I wouldn't buy that movie
okay then I'd be the only one. You'd be the only one. Just to say I owned it.
I'm actually not really you know that huge on that movie but just to say I own it.
I was excited about Death Race 2000 on UMD that is
fucking awesome. See that movie is very targeted and the fact that the
remake is even more awesome it's
I'm there when that movie comes out I'm there I don't care how
fuck snakes on a train you know plane even fuck the knockoff snakes on a train
which is coming out by the way
um that's fantastic but Death Race 3000 is where it's all at
Jeremy Todd 1 has a very interesting uh point here well they have two disc DVD
movies
why not two disc UMD movies and they have the cases for two disc UMD movies
too I know that's true those cases are huge you can fit
you can probably fit four UMDs in there if you tried maybe not that many with a
little folding thingy
well yeah you don't need that many for a movie but you could well remember what
was it there was um
I think they did this with Advent Children, even,
where they had the soundtrack was available on there.
Like, you know, you can watch the movie,
then you can also access soundtrack stuff on there.
Like, you can download music tracks or something.
I thought that was kind of neat.
That's what they should be doing.
Now, of course, someone in our chat room
had to bring up Snakes on a Plane for UMD, I guess,
campaigning to get that released on UMD.
So you could actually watch it in a plane,
because you know they're not going to show that
as the in-flight movie.
That'd be funny, though.
That would be actually pretty funny.
I would fly on an airline that showed that as the in-flight movie.
What about, like, movies like Red Eye and stuff?
I bet Southwest would do something like that.
Because they're just sort of...
Southwest is too...
Southwest is too poor to show movies.
I know, but if they did show a movie...
Fly the Ghetto Skies.
But no, if they did show a movie, I bet that'd be one that they would, like, put up right away.
Because, oh my, they have some snarky people doing their little...
Okay, if the plane starts to go down, this probably won't matter because you'll be dead anyway.
I can't remember who is putting out snakes on a plane, but
Can you imagine what like the motion picture? You know how they always create a stupid theme to ride based on it?
We're gonna have the snakes on a plane roller coaster at some point
It's awful
moving on back to games
Who needs them? Oh
Actually, we do. Yeah, I'd miss my games too much
I love games very much, but in any race speaking of the game that I've been stuck on for a little bit
world of Warcraft
Well, you know how you've got shamans for
You know horn and paladins on alliance. Well now they're gonna be nothing will ever change to upset that balance of the force, right?
Bullshit no
They actually are now having
Using Alliance Shamans and Horde Paladins, the new races are going to be pulling them
in with the whole upgrade for Burning Crusade.
There's going to be Blood Elf Paladins, there's going to be, I know I'm going to mispronounce
it, Draenai.
Draeno.
Draeno.
Draeno.
Draeno Shamans.
Their faces look like something you'd want to use Draeno on, actually.
They use the power of unclogging.
You know why those particular races were picked, right?
And I know Andrew is going to have to comment on this, he's the biggest wowhorn in the robot,
let me just get this out, okay, you had to have blood elves on the horde side because
the horde needed a pretty character, because everybody on the horde side is ugly, and you
needed the draenei people on the alliance side because the alliance needed uglies.
The alliance already has uglies.
I understand, but you know, it's just, you know what the fish face draenei remind me
of what that like kiko man like music video thing where they've got the fish face you know creature
not to remind me of sorry did you have more story i'm sorry yes but um if you want to know some of
the the word behind that there's actually a post on the world of warcraft forums where they're
giving the the background to the decision for doing all that and apparently there's a forum
shitstorm about it, but just talking about how A, it butchers a balance, A, it makes
things more balanced.
They are actually giving certain abilities for each class, though, that are class-specific.
And B, they say it's butchering lore, and it's kind of funny how most of the people
on the forums wouldn't give a damn about lore anyway if it beat them upside the head.
Would you call yourself earlier to be a lore-whore?
I'm a lore-whore.
Okay, so as the wow-whore lore-whore, the only one in this room with a level 60, what
What do you personally feel about this whole change?
I think we're going to have to wait and see, story-wise, how Metzen decides to right his
way into and out of this one, see if it makes sense.
Balance-wise though, I think it's a good change.
Horde has been complaining how Shamans have been really underpowered for PvE content,
raid content, how all they get to do is heal and lay down totems and don't get any kind
of buffs like, say, Blessings, like Paladins do.
And Alliance has been whining that, oh, we don't have the PvP strength because we don't
have shamans.
Guess what?
Now you're going to have shamans and now you're going to have paladins.
Best of both worlds.
And you know, the thing is, when that expansion first hits, the servers are going to be inundated
with blood elf paladins and dranny, dranny, whatever.
That should be the quit your bitching update.
Blizzard does a lot of those, actually.
I really have two minds about that though, but I'm hoping it'll be a good thing.
I mean, I'll probably play a Blood Elf Paladin, you know, just to do, say I've done it.
It's making me seriously reconsider making a Blood Elf Priest and changing him to a Paladin.
I think everybody is thinking in the back of their mind, depending on whether they play
more Horde or more Alliance, which kind of character, I think most of us are Horde players,
you know, kind of thinking in the back of our mind what we're going to make our Blood
Elf.
Like, everybody is going to make one of these new ones, it's just interesting to me.
I've already got it set from the start, but I don't want to be a squishy healer.
Not on a PVP server, that's what I found out.
Being a priest on a PVP server is like asking for a beating.
Unless you have a death wish or your, for instance, specced shadow.
Adult faces.
So when's Burning Crusade coming out?
Pretty soon, right?
Estimate release date of October, but it'll probably be closer to December.
Awesome.
Now, Final Fantasy XI, we can't have a WoW story without talking about the other MMO
that a lot of us have played on and off.
Who gives a crap?
I know, I'm a little done with Final Fantasy XI, but this was exciting news, they announced
earlier this week that there was a sequel being made to Final Fantasy XI, and that news
came out about six or seven days ago, and then a few days later, no, unfortunately,
it looks like Squeenix put out a little statement.
As the company announced in May 2005, it is currently developing an online title for next-gen
platforms, including game consoles and PCs.
However, this title is being developed as a completely new MMORPG.
We will disclose further details of this title, including which platform it is going to be
on immediately after any relevant decisions are made.
But they didn't exactly say, we're not doing Final Fantasy XI II.
They're just saying, we're not going to tell you either way.
Final Fantasy XIII, another title!
Will it involve dress-up just like that other direct sequel?
No, seriously, I think it's going to be...
The dress-up was great!
Okay, it was a little too Charlie's Angels, though.
That was what made it great.
It was like the ultimate girl Final Fantasy.
Legend of Zaku in our chat room seems to think it's Front Mission Online that they're talking
about.
That would be awesome.
Personally, I think it's going to be Fantasy Earth Online.
They had run a couple articles about it last year, how the Enix part of Square Enix was
going to do Fantasy Earth.
Raven's Dolphin in chat has an interesting perspective.
Maybe it's not Final Fantasy XI Part II, he says Final Fantasy XIV the MMO.
Maybe?
God forbid.
Maybe?
They need to do one called Final Fantasy The End of Things.
They said what it was in like E3 2005 and there was a whole bunch of stuff that was
coming out E3 2005 that wasn't there for 2006.
Like I want to say it was fantasy or it was another MMO not of Final Fantasy or just...
Well remember how everybody thought World of Mana was a game and everybody like creamed
their pants because it's like, you know, oh my god, Secret of Mana Online, how awesome
would that be?
And then they were like, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, World of Mana is like all these
new Mana games where it's a marketing thing, not an actual game.
Well, it'll be cool, no matter what it is, I don't know.
Well, one other thing I just want to mention real quick, Final Fantasy XI is not without
any love or upgrades.
If you're playing the Xbox 360 version of Final Fantasy XI, you may have noticed that
You don't get any achievement points for all those hours upon hours that you pour into
the game.
Well, it looks like Final Fantasy XI will be getting 32 achievements on Xbox.
This is thanks to Xbox.com.
They're all secret achievements right now, so we don't even know what they are.
But if it's 32 achievements, that would be about 30 to 40 points apiece.
The rumor is that with the next Final Fantasy XI patch, you will now be able to get achievements.
My question is, since I'm a dummy and I haven't canceled my account over there yet and I'm
still paying for it could I just log in with my character and since he's a
certain level and done stuff already what am I gonna unlock all these
achievements I mean that those are what the achievements are for yeah I don't
know who knows it could it could be they could be right relations you bought a
new expansion times 32 it could it could be interesting because they could be
you're right they could be things relevant to chocobo racing or things
that are going to be the new things that they put in father's 11 the achievements
may not even have anything to do with the rest of the game are you just stuff
like winning a game of Ballista possibly oh something that like you know you can
do over and over again yeah hmm well we shall soon see when the next patch goes
out to Final Fantasy 11 excellent anyways another news here speaking of
Xbox Live you know how they're doing this Xbox Live Wednesday's thing where
they're releasing brand new games coming out every Wednesday. In fact, next week we are
getting Galaga, which is awesome. And of course after that Street Fighter 2 and after that
Pac-Man. But there are going to be about 50 live arcade games by the end of the year,
which is great. And this is coming from Major Nelson. And basically, that's a lot of games.
And I know they were showing some new ones actually at Comic-Con, including I believe
as Castle Crashers, which looks fucking awesome.
Oh, is that the one that looked like Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles arcade game style game?
That is rad.
I love those type of games.
We haven't had a good one like that in a long time.
And it's done by the same people that did Alien Hominid, which is also coming to Live
Arcade.
Knights of the Round, Golden Axe, all those games sound awesome.
Yeah, it's going to be pretty awesome.
I know what was it, Contra and stuff were going to be coming out as well, Contra and
Super Contra.
Just all this, Luminous Live of course.
So lots of good games to look up before the end of the year.
So at least they're going to be supporting Live Arcade for a while.
Alrighty.
One other thing that's going to be coming to Xbox Live pretty soon is a table tennis
demo.
Rockstar Games confirmed that a table tennis demo is on the way and this was through May
Major Nelson blogged, I happened to be down talking to the folks that work with Rockstar
and they told me it would be okay for me to mention that there is a demo on its way to
the marketplace for table tennis.
I also found out that the demo is single and two player but not live play.
Live play is kind of, you know, if you gave them everything, I don't know if there would
be much point to buying the game despite the fact that there are additional characters
and arenas and things like that.
But this will be good, you know, folks wanting to find out if they want to spend the money
on the game or not, even though it is, you know, next-gen budget priced.
Excellent, and speaking of stuff, coming in live, I think I mentioned last week, Texas
Hold'em, they announced it was going to be free, actually that's not the case.
It ends up being that they haven't decided on a price point yet, but it's definitely
not going to be free.
So unfortunately, you know, probably, you know, decent price, but no handouts this time,
unfortunately.
Well, and that was something we reported on last week, right?
Yes, it was.
it was going to be free.
That was originally the announcement, but apparently not.
Apparently they found out, hey, you know what?
We can make money off this, so let's do that.
All right, well, Microsoft is seeing some pretty good Xbox 360 sales.
Microsoft reported that the earnings for its fourth quarter, which ended June 30, 2006,
because it's a fiscal year, they got $2.3 billion in profits on revenue of $11.8 billion.
Its server and tools division was the fastest growing sector, having $3.18 billion of quarterly
income.
When you get to Xbox revenue, this would be Xbox and Xbox 360, this increased about $503
million or 129%, of course that being attributed to Xbox 360.
The home and entertainment division, unfortunately for them, had an operating loss of $414 million
for the quarter and they're saying that the biggest reason for this is because
they lose money on each Xbox 360 sold so kind of some interesting profits and
stuff from Microsoft if you like to follow that or if your own stock in
Microsoft, I bet you really want to know about that information.
...
...
...
...
Just one moment folks, we're getting reorganized.
There actually is another game coming out on Xbox 360.
Actually, it's more in the realm of the unconfirmed rumor, but it's been stated that Guitar Hero
is coming to the Xbox 360.
Microsoft hasn't commented yet, but Red Octane is actually working on the PS2 sequel and
a 360 version.
So yeah, that's looked forward to.
I'm sure that's something they're probably working on.
I mean it makes sense, especially with live marketplace kind of set up for downloading
songs and that kind of thing.
I don't know, it's interesting.
What would you think?
Do you think that Guitar Hero would see a lot of its fan base moving over to Xbox with
this or is this just a way for Guitar Hero to expand its fan base or what?
Both?
Why not?
I mean do a version that's on the PlayStation 2 and then do another version that's on the
Xbox 360 with the same kind of strategy as Dance Dance Revolution.
You have games that are put out on the Xbox 360, on the Xbox, on Playstation 2, and they're
usually different but the same at the same time.
You've got the same type of gameplay but different features in each one.
Online play.
That would be a huge selling point for Xbox version, that's for sure.
Definitely.
Well, it's interesting because the story talks about Guitar Hero 2, but in DDR, yeah, the
are similar but they're not really the same. UltraMix offers completely
different types of features than you know the Xtreme and I'm assuming
Supernova are you know going to be offering so it's kind of I don't know
it's a little bit apples and oranges to me I think they could do I think it
would just be you know different on Xbox or should be different. Definitely and
including you know since we're talking about Guitar Hero here there was
actually a MySpace blog post put out by the Guitar Hero team, and it was actually entitled
Ghoul's Night Out, which teases a logo to possibly a brand new game with a skull and
cross guitars with the title Ghoul, and Ghoul looks to be an acronym for something. It's
interesting though, as no one really knows what exactly that means, people are suspecting
maybe it's like a Guitar Hero online user league or something like that or some sort
of, you know, some sort of online play or maybe even the Xbox 360 game, but of course
right now nothing more than a logo, nothing more than speculations, so at least they're
working on something.
Just trying to get the fanboys talking, basically, and it's working.
Look at us.
Alright, well another very popular music game that actually got brought up just a second
ago is Dance Dance Revolution.
And Dance Dance Revolution Disney Mix is coming out again, sort of.
Here's the thing.
Dance Dance Revolution Disney Mix actually came out many years ago on the PlayStation
1.
It was only the second DDR game released here in the US on the console.
What's interesting about that now is that the whole idea is being revisited and it's
due to a partnership between Disney and Majesco Entertainment, because what they're doing
with this now is it's going to be a plug-and-play version of the game.
However, an early screenshot I saw floating around on the internet somewhere didn't look
like the DDR mix on PS1, it looked like it had some upgrades to it, it had a more max
kind of look to it, and it looked like it had stationary backgrounds, which for a plug
and play device wouldn't be too surprising, you can't put a whole lot in those things.
So it's very interesting, these plug and play dance pads, now Konami, you know, I've seen
these before, I saw the crappy 8-bit Nintendo style dance pads at the mall before, but now
Now Konami looks like they're gonna be endorsing these official ones and kind of a more kid
audience going for the DDR Disney mix.
Exactly, and speaking of wonderful plug and play DDR type things, Konami is putting out
Strawberry Shortcake Dance Dance Revolution.
Yes, you can play as Strawberry Shortcake and Dance Dance Revolution with the equally
cheesy dance pad that looks like, I don't know, basically getting any 5 year old pre-teen
girl super excited about jumping around to her favorite strawberry shortcake song, which
to be honest, I didn't think there was that many strawberry shortcake songs out there.
I didn't think there were that many either. I didn't even think strawberry shortcake was
still popular. I mean, where's My Little Pony? My Little Pony's elegant too. I thought it
would have been Bratz DDR if nothing else. Well, I remember those, and I don't remember
whatever came of this but they were talking about a DDR TV show that was
supposed to be on Saturday mornings or something right in between all these
girly shows on I don't remember if it was ABC or what it's been so long that this was
first announced like since E3 or something but it kind of seems like DDR
is definitely going after the girly girls aren't they yeah which makes some
of us guys go hmm hey if you're looking for something you know to give to your
or a five-year-old kid or a sister or whatever.
There you go, strawberry shortcake DDR.
I don't mind it.
I know it's tempting to roll my eyes at this
and go, this is stupid.
But you have to realize, this isn't for me.
This isn't for the DDR hardcore.
This is just to sell the DDR brand
and get more people talking about DDR.
Because look at the positives that could come from this.
If more parents start playing DDR with their kids,
then maybe the parents will want a DDR for themselves,
so on and so on.
I look at it in the same way that they
the Yo-Ha style one in Japan, honestly. It's the same thing.
Exactly. Oh, that's a good point.
This features such wonderful songs like the theme music, Straw-ba-ba-ba-berry shortcake.
So apparently, Strawberry Shortcake has a stutter. That's excellent. Straw-ba-ba-ba-ba-berry
shortcake! Yeah! Whatever.
Blaze Revolution says, I bought DDR Disney Mix for my sister and I played it for her.
I actually got both of them, except I didn't get the Nintendo 64 one.
You know, DDR Disney Mix did have something that was pretty revolutionary for DDR at the
time.
Dance Magic.
Dance Magic is fabulous.
That was the best part of the game.
Honestly, for the hardcore DDR fans, that was the whole reason to own it.
That and Electrical Parade, says VidPower, except Electrical Parade wasn't in the US
version.
Only in the Japanese one.
You had to get Disney's Rave, the Japanese version.
Johnny's Rave, though, did have a few better songs, I have to say.
It had the Macarena.
Eh?
I remember you making me play that Milpitas.
I was like, okay, Rob, pick me a song, Macarena, I hate you.
And then Mr. Bassman.
That song's awesome.
It is, but it's, like, slow.
I played Mr. Bassman a few weeks ago, and I nearly died because I was out of shape.
Jeremy Todd 1 suggests DDR Pirates of the Caribbean, the game where you have to dance
to dodge the skeletons. Hey, if DDR Disney does well, you can expect a whole bunch of
freaking clones of it. That's when you do a jig and the stage moves like you're on a
boat. Andrew, why are you making a face? You're about to swallow your bottom lip there. This
is my sad panda face. Why though? Isn't exposure for the DDR brand a good thing for the fanbase?
Not when it's freaking Disney. Leave it to Kingdom Hearts or something. What Kingdom
DDR Kingdom Hearts Edition. Kingdom Hearts 3 has a DDR mode. Rewind. Rewind. I'm not
understanding. How is DDR Kingdom Hearts any different from DDR Disney? Because Kingdom
Hearts is Disney, you boob. No, I mean leave the dancing games out of Disney. Leave Disney
out of dancing games. Swim This Way was bad enough. The whole part was bad enough. Unfortunately,
it's not going to happen since there was a partnership between Konami and Buena Vista
to put out a ton more games. So you're going to see a lot more of these before they go
away. And they will never go away by the way.
Hooray, hooray. Well, speaking of DDR Ohasta and things that just won't go away, every
week here on this program we have Dark Sakura's website of the week segment because she serves
the web up and down and left and right and back and forth inside and out, looking for
sites that you need to be visiting right now.
So DarkSakura, where should the kids be going in their browsers right now?
A site that illustrates something that will never go away that's called Desperate Otaku.
This one was brought to me by Rob.
Thank you, Rob.
I don't remember this being the site.
You suggested it.
I thought I suggested a different one, that's alright.
I'm doing it out of pure just thinking that it's out of it's so desperate. I suggest it was world of datecraft
Oh, it's a spin-off of the oh, okay Wow world of datecraft
The website is wow date dot full wiki comm
Yeah, it's a I'll spell it out
W o w dat dot f u ll w ik i.com which I will not spell if you can't spell comm go back to school
So, yeah, this site is a dating site for people on World of Warcraft.
How to meet people who may or may not be of the gender they specify, or the age they specify.
Is this a site for me to put up a personal ad for my WoW character, or a personal ad
for me?
Because I know my friend, the sick, sick woman she is, has a MySpace for her WoW character.
This is apparently real profiles and you can put your pictures and there's also the couples
on here too.
I guess looking for other couples to experiment with.
Excellent.
World of Datecraft where everybody looks like the Horde.
So you never know that that 18 year old woman from Cleveland might really be a 56 year old
man from Albany, Georgia.
Hey!
Hey!
stop. Woman. Alright, alright, alright. Confession, I do play a female orc warlock, okay? Exactly.
I will never play a male character in any MMO ever again. I will always play female
characters. You know why? Free stuff. True. Free stuff? It's sad and true. Even on the
board, free stuff. All you people are making me very ill. Slash dance for silver. Works
every time. Even bipedal cows get free stuff. I play with my co-workers and they give me
money. I don't like it either. I don't like that difference. Then don't do it! Take the
moral high ground! No! Free stuff, Jamie! Well, I can actually get away with cuting
on a game and having them give me money. Hey, if you can, shake what the Earth Mother gave
vidpawas says 99.9% of female night elves are guys
true true true statement because remember girls don't play on the internet
there are no girls on the internet yeah we're there
we're making fun of all the guys I got a question do most gamer girls
that you know do they like to play
as sexy women in games or like
beast I'm gonna kick your ass don't even look at me women
in MMOs. About equal I guess
I don't know. Depending on what mood you're in? When I was
um, shoot, what was that mecha game back in the day?
Back on Virtual On, my two characters were either
Feynn or the big bulky one with the big gun
because I was like, I can shoot you from over here and you can't get close to me.
One thing I liked about Ragnarok online when I played that is- Nobody's ugly?
No, well because everybody looks the same, but one thing you could do is you could cross dress on Ragnarok online
Like remember I used to have the giant bow. Yeah, I had the giant bow in my hair. That was awesome
I still have that picture. My rogue has a dress. I'm sorry
My rogue has a spare dress
For when the roleplay gets kind of weird
This show's starting to get a little weird and you admit this on the airway in front of several thousand downloaders
And you can message him at Thisis23rdman.com
Will you do a search for 21 year olds in the Sacramento area because I want to see if Andrew
comes up on uh actually will you look for some profiles in our area maybe we should respond to
one are you on here are we gonna find you not yet I will do that just for shits I will indulge you
on that I don't think it actually lets you look in area however there's a guy
I found a guy in Baton Rouge that's not bad it's a little far but it's long some
long-distance day you know what okay even though we're giving this crap I
found a person who looks like Tran even as in big alien from Australia even
though we're giving this crap a hard time you for I want to be devil's
advocate for a minute talking about Wow dating and all that stuff when it comes
to long-distance relationships, isn't WoW like a way that you could kind of, and please
don't take this as me saying I do this because I don't, but like, I've heard of other people
doing this, isn't WoW kind of a way that you could like be with somebody even though you're
not?
You know what I mean?
Like you can adventure and do things together with somebody in a virtual form even though
you're not there, really there?
you know when Dan and I first met we would just hang out on an AOL chat for
like ever because you know at the time that's what we had we played Gemstone
for a little while but yeah back in the day Gemstone and Slingo no I hate Slingo
okay and I played a tetranet I was a tetranet girl but yeah it's I suppose
it's sort of a way to at least see a part of you together with the person
you're interested in you know and online relationships can make long distance
easier I think but honestly nothing's gonna make up for the face-to-face
meeting and when you start wanking to the in-game sprites that might be why
something you need to share I know so you're the one who's been buying out the
plastic covers that fries up.
So that was you on YouTube?
Oh really?
Under Wankmaster.
Seriously, though, online gaming can be kind of a touchy thing with relationships, especially
in party-based games, World of Warcraft, Final Fantasy.
If your significant other isn't, say, pulling his or her weight, that could lead to any
bigger argument that you can ever have in person.
Interesting.
So you think WoW could actually cause fights?
It could cause a whole lot of fights.
Interesting.
Especially if one of them happens to be a healer.
I'm looking through chat here.
I kind of thought it would be a little...
You mean you could actually get married on Ragnarok on the Korean servers?
I thought it would be a little more lit up in chat.
Why do we never get this stuff?
Yuri Lover in chat says, when I play WoW, I get free tampons and condoms.
I have no idea how that works, but okay.
Hack!
It's gonna be in the next patch, probably.
That's a hell of a hack.
What exactly would a tampon do for you?
Plus two to stamina?
What exactly?
I still think that they should do the hat idea.
They had a Ragnarok with the poo hat and the apple of Archer.
Jeremy Todd One says, the wow dating service is just for nerds who can tell their friends
that they have a girlfriend.
Yeah, so?
I resemble that remark.
EvilCheese666 says ultimate wow pickup line
so hey baby you grind here often? Nice!
That one's great. I'll show you my Arcanite Reaper.
Oh, I didn't say that on the air.
What'd you say? I picked my proficiencies by the way. What's that? I picked tailoring
and herbalism. Fun.
So I can, you know, go get Gloomweed. YuriLover says he plays triple X wow so no, where are you going?
So you can make you can make clothes with hemp and you can I can make hemp clothes and be a hippie a
Hippie zombie. All right. I think we probably should go on to the next topic now. I think
No, no, no, well maybe later we'll come back to it later, but this is huge. I think this is huge
It's a rumor, but it's it could be huge and you know that we've been speculating for a long time that Apple
Apple wants to get into the gaming market and also there's been speculation out there
that Apple and Nintendo want to get into bed together.
So that just makes this story... actually Apple and Nintendo have been dating on World
of Warcraft believe it or not.
No seriously, there is a rumor going around on MacRumors and it's saying that Apple is
currently planning on making classic Nintendo games playable on the next iPod.
Now the website is not able to confirm this speculation, but you know, it does fit into
that whole fanboy dream, doesn't it?
Now MacRumor says that it's going to be playable with a special accessory.
Whatever that is.
That special accessory, trans-vibrator, special accessory is another game system.
What do you think, Loki?
I'm really curious to see what you think about this.
You know I need your input on this.
What do I think?
I think, well that would be disruption.
They're always talking about the...
I think it's all bullshit just because I don't think that they would want their classics
to be played on an iPod.
One, you couldn't do it on an iPod anyways because, I mean come on, the iPod is not meant
for gaming.
I mean...
But okay, but let's say, like, iPods have that little slot at the bottom that you usually
put the USB charger into.
I know you wouldn't know that, but they do.
You could easily plug a joystick in there, or like a little NES-style controller.
There you go, gaming system on the go. I could see it. You couldn't do it with the current setup.
You would have to have this attachment, but you could do it.
But the question is, would they want to?
Because my thought when reading this was, well, what about Virtual Console and being able to download to your DS?
Again, I'm speculating with that. They haven't said you'll officially be able to do that.
But logically, you'll be able to download some stuff to the DS, why not Virtual Console games?
So why would Nintendo compete with itself?
I would they wouldn't compute itself they would use it probably just to help
promote themselves I don't know I don't think
so you think you're 1Z2Zing it but who's gonna buy the accessory for 1Z2Z games?
I don't know and here's the thing too is I don't know if they would do that because
just because you're playing retro games on your iPod does not make you
wanna buy
you know Wii or whatever I mean it's kinda my
take on it is this isn't gonna sell more systems
or you know I don't know they're I don't know how they're gonna make money off
this I guess if you buy
you know each individual title or whatever and download it to your iPod
I guess I'd be kinda neat but whatever I mean
to be honest I don't think this is going to happen
chat rooms lit up on this a little bit blaze revolution says Apple is trying to
grow a gaming penis and isn't doing a good job of it
Apple does have a booth at E3 every year
it's little and it's in the back and you have to have an invite to get there
but they're there but I always kind of assumed it was for their graphics
type stuff that they can do for computer anyway and then let's see Mac Man says
they're announcing a new iPod this August well that's no surprise they they
need to announce a new iPod to sell them this Christmas but my thought was it's
gonna be the movie iPod yeah because it's already been going around they want
to put that in iTunes so that makes sense what do you think about this Jamie
would this make you want a game on the iPod having NES games on it yeah I'd be
something to do at work between the Animal Crossing no I don't play Animal
crossing at work anymore I take a nap it's true I my doctor told me to it's
true but no I would do it you know say that I'm like stuck like in line for the
bathroom at the Riptide arcade which I was standing in for 25 minutes it'd give
me something to do so yeah all right hmm okay well speaking of other portable
music systems, the Zune has been officially confirmed by Microsoft.
It is coming and it's actually all will be revealed soon according to them in a brand
new Billboard magazine article which is going to be talking about it and how they also plan
to release additional Zune branded devices.
There's also a fun little website you can go view which is comingzune.com and it has
a really stupid video that's on there that hopefully is not their advertising campaign
for this because it shows like some really ugly stick figure drawing or whatever of some
guy and then some little person that's humping a rabbit and I don't really know what the
hell that has to do with anything but whatever and so one kind of interesting thing though
they said that it will reportedly include access to digital media and wide range of
Windows-powered devices, and also they're saying that it's going to be something that
aspires to be one part MySpace, one part iTunes, and one part Xbox Live.
So I don't know exactly what that's supposed to mean, but they're saying that maybe after
this you're going to see probably a video player and possibly a portable games device,
all branded with this brand new Zune thing.
Does this have anything to do with gaming, though?
In the end, do you think anything gaming will come of this?
actually one thing that was interesting about that and I'm reading this a while
back is the zoom is actually gonna be fit with a processor that's a bit more
powerful than you would really need for playing music on it so it's you know
something comparable to maybe like a PSP or even more powerful than that which is
interesting when you think about it hmm so interesting it's it I think it's
interesting you brought up the whole myspace thing to myspace is interesting
By the way, Orange Launch Radio has a Myspace. You should add us. It's your friend today.
Myspace.com slash Orange Launch Radio. Thank you.
But Myspace is huge right now. What is it? Like the fourth
most visited site on the internet? I would think more people want a piece of Myspace.
I don't think competitors to Myspace work as well. Why aren't people trying to...
They are. Just team up with Myspace.
Well, think about this. Altair Wireless has that Myspace on-the-go type thing
that it actually is branded with Myspace.
where you, I don't know what the hell you do with that, post messages I guess
whatever but still though that's something that you know they can have and maybe even
add later on like they're gonna have you know myzoon.com
or something like that where you'd have your own like personal
web page maybe showing what you're playing on there what music you're
listening to when
you can you know go all emo on it or something and just you know let
everybody know. It's like you're all, I'm planning on blowing up this bus!
It's like oh crap he's sitting next to me! Damn!
So myspace is so interesting though. It's like that site
That everybody uses because they have to but nobody likes to admit they use it. You know what I mean?
I stayed after clerks to to see the myspace names on there and apparently I'm on there twice
But I it's like six rows of names going pretty fast down the screen and even though it's in alphabetical order by our last name
It's still fucking hard to find yourself on there
and the DVD it's gonna have everybody that's on there right now so that's over
a hundred thousand names on the TV our buddy Bobby Black Wolf's in chat right
now by the way he had his one-year birthday tonight for his show so
congratulations Bobby and it's all downhill from there my black wolf says
Microsoft's ad campaign my space is where the internet goes to die my zoom
is where the internet goes to live anywhere get it live live uh-huh it's
true that was it's actually that's pretty punny I'm not writing that shit
down Bobby all right are you a big myspace fan dark soccer I'm only there
because I have to be exactly that's how I feel about it friends it won't get on
live journal so I have to keep up with them on myspace although I did find my
one of my best friends from high school yeah that's that's kind of the same
reason I use it is that I found people that I would never have reconnected with
someone I didn't like his sister messaged me so yeah my brother's so
cool were you friends with him uh yeah you know the other great thing about
Myspace and I swear I'll get back into games I've been able to go back to my
high school graduating class and see who's gay you know because like you know
you can go back and really see what became of everybody like oh I knew he
was gay I knew she was gay I knew that you know and then you know all the
people that had you know 70 babies you know just everything played out exactly
turned out to be a breeder exactly anyway sorry for that randomness there
let's get back to games and we'll talk about Konami we love to talk about
Konami we talked about them for years and years and years Konami has announced
a partnership with mobile gaming company Tokyo pop to launch a new series of
of mobile games.
Now Tokyo Pop is kind of like this youth-oriented entertainment and all that stuff.
Now Tokyo Pop is also the number one manga company in the U.S. and they will be launching
together a series of mobile games starting with East Coast Rising.
This is a story that has to do with pirates and high seas adventure and that will be available
in early fall.
Comes a quote from Stu Levy, the CEO of Tokyo Pop.
We are very excited to be partnering with Konami to move to Tokyo Pop's creative juice
in the white-hot area of mobile gaming.
Our two brands both stand for an East-meets-West aesthetic that really speaks out to fans worldwide,
so working together is a natural fit that will truly push the envelope.
It should be interesting to see where that partnership goes.
I like the way that CEO of Tokyo Pop talks, by the way.
Creative juice into the white-hot area of mobile gaming.
There's something X-rated about that.
Speaking of X-rated, we have to delete those porn emails from our mailbag every week to
to find your emails because we love to hear from you guys and all you have to do is drop
us a line at mailbag at orangelaungeradio.com and DarkSakura gets your emails and she picks
her favorites to read on the air, which she's going to do right now, right Jamie?
That's right, Rob.
My first email actually has to do with something that my husband's been ogling over but I'd
like to thank our dear friend Rob with two B's for mentioning it to me stern
basically the only company that's still making pinball machines has a pirate to
the Caribbean pinball machine and I saw pictures of it last night it actually
looks pretty darn cool it has a sinking ship and a treasure chest and all kinds
of cool stuff that pops up but it's actually around $4,000 right now so yeah
We've been sort of debating to can we justify the expense of a $4,000 pinball machine? Yeah, let's do it
I don't know but um, but anyway, yeah post a bit of a of an article on here that said
that
To quote on here Disney's Pirates of the Caribbean is the perfect title and theme for a pinball said factory honcho
Gary Stern it lends itself to lots of mechanical action pinball shots and toys for casual players
yet the story cries for deep rules to challenge the best of players and from
what I've heard from other pinball geeks like me and my hubby it's supposed to be
pretty hardcore so got another email we got one a short one from a Krispy
Creamy who's one of our chat room people too said hey guys I just got guitar hero
for my birthday and it totally rocks but I would also like to try out the new
guitar freaks game new because my guitar freaks controller broke is it possible
to use a guitar hero controller on guitar freaks the answer is yes it is
yes oh I didn't know that I would I would have said no but I haven't tried
we actually and actually the guitar freaks controller works on guitar hero
two only barely hmm you have to configure it but we were trying to do
two players I thought they did experiments that showed that wasn't true
I had no oh it's barely compatible but it is huh I'll be damned yeah the new
I remember how we talked about the, oh maybe you, it was one of the shows where you weren't
here, Konami trademarked Guitar Revolution, okay I couldn't remember, that was a big thing,
I know but.
Well you do remember Red Octane made those generic third party guitars in the first place,
four guitar freaks in there like, hey let's make a game out of this.
Whose idea was it, harmonics or Red Octane?
No Red Octane had those controllers out since Guitar Freaks has been out like originally.
Those controllers didn't have a whammy bar.
oh my god well that was so brand new okay that's a huge part of Guitar Hero
but they did actually get the licensing from Gibson which I thought was cool so
you can actually get that they need to do a flying V controller then I'll be
happy um we got one from the gamer here's a question I was just wondering
he's the gamer that's it there's that's it he's the gamer and every time we
talk about gaming news it's about this guy I had to million Margaret Cho quotes
going through my head now. Let's keep it moving. Where's this parade? Let's keep it moving.
Since you guys live in California, do you ever go to the Price is Right, Rob? I've been
one time. I have. I went once. You sat by dude, right? Yes, it was in April. I got you
on TV. It was April of 2002, and I was in LA for Coachella that year. This has nothing
to do with gaming, but I don't care. I was in LA for Coachella that year because I went
And we decided we would go by the price is right, you know, hell, why not?
Well, we actually got to go to two tapings because a big group had canceled for the second
taping.
They do two tapings on Monday.
And for the second taping, I got to sit right behind Rod Roddy because this was about a
year before he passed away.
And it was sparkling in my face and everything, it sparkles.
I'm going to let you in on a little secret.
You know what I could see on Rod Roddy's platform?
Tax forms.
You know what's on those tax forms?
All of the prices of all the prizes.
So all you had to do was look at that and if they called me up on stage, which they
didn't because I'm boring I guess, then I would have won the Showcase Showdown.
And I kind of would have been cheating, but at the same time I don't think I would have
felt bad about it.
Because I would have had a new car.
That you have to pay taxes on.
I would have sold the...there's always some crap prize in the Showcase Showdown.
I would have sold the...I don't even fucking have room for a dinette set in the house.
I would have sold that shit to pay the taxes on the car
Well, I'm saying I just think it's kind of funny that you win all these prizes and you have to pay taxes for him
Well, you know
our friend Mel one on
That's right wheel of fortune real fortune. We should go on a game show. We should all go on a game show like survivor
No, how much weight I'd lose our anyway, but the rest of this email basically didn't leave a voicemail because he didn't want to pay for
it
Fair enough. Okay. Um, I think the games have gotten easier because back in the 80s
There were arcade games like Pac-Man centipede of this command where there was no storyline to it
All it was was basically the same level except the enemies moved faster and less time to do stuff and that made it harder
Also the old game since it is harder
You're most you are mostly going to get a game over and a game over minute
You had to start from the beginning now once you get past a certain point in the game
just it would save so you'd have to start from the beginning and this is
repeating sort of um some games now start to get boring after a while
playing it I remember one game on my dad's Atari 2600 it makes me so sad to
hear my dad's Atari 7600 and oh wow that he had when he was a kid that just hit
me too oh wow that hurt there was a game called Grand Prix that was actually I
I think the Odyssey 2 I think
It was a racing game that had the same cars in the same position
Everything and it challenged you to remember the order of the cars you could get it perfectly
But you had to get to the second level the cars completely changed position. It was really hard. Oh, yeah
That was Atari 2600. That was a lot like a
Rally X to rally X had the where you had to do anyway
But yeah, he said that he thinks games got easier.
I don't see any punctuation, I'm sorry.
You know, our chat room over at orangeloungeradio.com, click on chat, is
talking about the Orange Lounge game show.
They're saying, you know, we shouldn't be on a game show, we should have our own damn
game show. And
it looks like some folks are suggesting, like Tigerclaw says, it should be kinda
like Starcade.
And Starcade was an awesome game show. Starcade was cool.
You know, didn't we meet one of the guys from Gameplay HD at E3? Maybe we should
send a treatment or something because that would be awesome you know little
little little tidbit about me it's always been a secret dream of mine to be
a game show host I would I would love it so much
Loki you could be a Barker's Beauty or something what I had outlined something
similar to that that's right I remember that was a orange lounge show that never
happened we need to talk about that we should do that I still have it you know
We're talking off air because I bet would really want to do something like that.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Ooh!
I think this is what happens in an Orange Lounge meeting.
Gas is a beer!
Live on air staff meeting.
Okay, anyway.
Next email comes from Tyson.
He says, I'm a console gamer.
I have two TVs, two Xboxes, two Nintendo 64s, a PlayStation 2, and a PSP.
I've been playing a lot of Nintendo 64 games lately, and I realize they take longer to beat.
For example, my friend lent me a Banjo-Tooie and Zelda.
I also own Mario. In the past two months, I have only beaten Zelda, and I am halfway done with Banjo-Tooie and Mario.
I usually beat Xbox or PS2 games in a week.
Why do you think newer consoles don't follow suit?
As in, longer levels, more gameplay.
More games to buy.
You're done with the game, you can go buy another one now.
now you lower the replayability then you're ready for the next thing to come
out honestly and that's someone left this on one of the voicemails of the
week which you'll hear in the next part of our show but it might have to do a
level design and the cost of level design and the you know difficulty of
level design makes it harder to do long levels I'm almost saying sort of and I
hate to bring back pinball in the middle of this but why not but um well you know
I'm with pinball when your only competition is yourself you have to make
your old games obsolete and make it so where you can make them obsolete so that
you bring out a newer better product so I think that they actually put this
limitation in some games so that they know that by the time the average player
is done with this game their next title is ready to come out it's kind of shady
but sadly I wouldn't disagree that some folks are doing that I don't think
everyone does but some folks but even nowadays they're kind of going on a
trend anyways, not necessarily just so you go buy another title, but so you buy the add-on
content that they add later on in episodic form.
Yeah, I was gonna say, isn't this what episodic gaming's all about?
Yeah.
Sort of.
Our last one comes from, uh, uh, xiaoran108, greetings, O.L.R. crew, recently you've been
mentioning an Orange Lounge army on the podcast that got me thinking, I recently started a
file in Disgaea Hour of Darkness and decided to name my starting non-storyline characters
after members of the O.L.R. crew.
So cute. And some other people mentioned on the show. My three, uh,
printies are named Skyloki and Shane. My red mage is Tia.
And it's spelled like Tia does on her, on her,
MySpace. Yeah, he probably got it off the MySpace. Blue mage is Rice Princess. The green mage is
Pixie Dust. I have two brawlers and a dark saccharide next to her. Okay, this person is an
old-school OLL listener, because Rice Princess hasn't even been on
Orange Lounge Radio in probably at least a year, if not more. It's been ages since,
um, we've also had the- Pixie Dust, oh my gosh, yeah. The Orange Lounge Madam.
Wow. You sir are old school and we applaud you.
Tia moved to New York. Yeah. She's not going to be on our show anymore.
Not if we can help it. We'll get her on the phone at some point.
I will chase her ass down. I love her. Anyway.
Anyway, getting to the point, I intend to pick up Disgaea 2 Cursed Memories as soon
as it is released
in the US, and would like to create an Orange Lounge attack before the character is named after the
LLR crew.
August 28th, by the way. If you have played the first game,
Seeing as how I believe most of the character classes and monster classes will be brought
over from the first game, I would like not only your permission to call them a faction
of the O.L. Army, but also have opinions on what character monster classes you would like
to be represented as.
As far as I'm concerned, name a way.
Use O.L. Army in your game all you want.
I think that's rad.
Send screenshots.
Send screenshots.
If it involves fire, I'll take anything that involves fire.
I tend to go...
Fire and cute.
It has to be fire and cute.
You know Disgaea has that one, Disgaea kind of has cute all over it.
You know what I mean?
Fire.
Fuego.
Fiore.
You'll have to forgive me, I haven't played a whole lot of Disgaea, but I remember one
of the lead characters was a vampire girl that was kind of a smart-ass.
Etna?
Yeah.
I'd be a vampire smart-ass.
She reminds me of you.
She reminds me of you.
That would be a...
That's because I am a smart-ass.
Just not a vampire.
Or are you?
Are you oh do I need to get my garlic necklace?
Anyway, you invited me in I tend to be drawn. I tend to be drawn towards healing types, but I don't know
I like summoners too, but I don't think does this guy have something like that. I don't I didn't play enough of it
So I like fire make me a treasure hunter
But it has to be the thief treasure hunter
I like fire and you tell locks one of my favorite characters ever in a game love lock treasure hunter
Loki, what would you be?
I don't care.
He'd be a big oaf with a club, that's Loki.
He'd be the brute.
Smash Mac, Smash Mac.
He'd be the Hulk.
And Andrew would be one of those penguins that you throw and explode.
I also did get another piece of news that has nothing to do with games or anything in the mailbox.
Weird Al's next album is going to be out September 26th.
Ooh.
Sweet.
By the way, I have to say this since the O.L. Army got brought up.
I love, love, love this on the threads. Have you guys seen the trading card game?
People are going off. It's gone like three pages, the trading card game in
our forums, like people coming up with these cards
and man there's some like old-school references back to like pre-podcast
episodes of Orange Lounge Radio and stuff.
It's nutty. You guys are awesome. We have such awesome listeners and even
the screenshots have continued. People have been submitting screenshots of like Orange
lounge references in games and like, you guys are so awesome, like, we don't even have to
promote when you guys are doing that, it's so awesome, but word of mouth is where it's
at, so you guys are doing us a huge favor.
I've been trying to play more online ChromeHounds, since I know we have the OLR army on there.
The problem is though, in order to play online, you know, and actually have some decent mechs,
you have to play the offline version, and uh, yeah, whatever.
Seriously though, send us your screenshots of orange lounge in random games and we will
like do a collage for the site or something, it'll be awesome.
You know, I'll tell you what, if everyone does it high quality enough, who knows, maybe
we'll see about having an official game or something.
Dark Knight says, we are the Orange Lounge Radio Street Team.
That's a good reference.
You guys really are doing that for us.
We love you guys for it.
Here's my thought.
I would love this.
I don't know about you guys.
And I know we have a couple industry people that listen to the show.
How awesome would it be to be like a voice in a video game?
Like actually voice a character for some game?
I've been voice acting before.
Not for a major game, have you?
No, but I've done voice acting for a radio drama.
Oh, okay.
That's cool.
I've done a little voice acting for a fandub, and that's about it.
Okay.
Yeah, somebody was supposed to give me information about voice acting for said fandub.
Okay, okay.
I'll give it to you.
Oh, sheesh.
Yeah, that would be awesome, but I don't know.
I was doing I Feel Sick, the radio drama.
All right, anyway.
I was the B-girl.
Industry peeps, if you're listening, throw us a cameo.
Seriously.
Alright, so that's it for the mailbag?
Yes it is.
Send us email mailbag at orangeloungerator.com because we love getting emails.
You guys rock.
Alright, excellent.
Well, speaking of fun stuff, Sony is patenting a brand new, well I guess next gen iToy type
of device.
Which is not too surprising when you think about it because I mean it did after all have
the Eye of Justice, or Eye of Judgment. Yeah, not Justice. That'd be a whole other game.
But Eye of Judgment. Basically, in a nutshell, this whole brand new eye toy, what's supposed
to be kind of neat about it, is that it has technology that allows one single 2D camera
to analyze objects in full 3D using some sort of patented mapping technique. Previously,
The only way you could do this is with two cameras.
But now they've basically found a way to do that.
So great!
That's awesome that they're doing that.
Still the Eye of Judgment sucks ass.
And that's just because the game sucks and is really unfeasible.
But nice to see that they are releasing some new itoy games.
Hopefully they won't suck as bad as all the other itoy games in existence.
Oh you know they can't make a good itoy game.
Well here's the problem with the eye toy. It's just that in their perfect world an eye
toy would work fine against a white background. Except my living room is not a white background
as seen in said test areas. But I don't know.
This is the day of like Martha Stewart where everybody paints her like has a red wall and
then a green wall and then a beige wall and then a puce wall.
I see a red wall and I want to paint it black.
Anyways, well I think the problem is though is like these itoy games you want to play
them in like kind of a party environment and when you have people you know drunkenly moving
around in the background, it kind of interferes with the game.
So I guess that's kind of neat that they're going to be doing this.
Hopefully though they fix a few of the problems that were with the original itoy.
So yippee.
Hooray!
Well I have something to make people go yippee, sort of.
Sony, so how excited can we be?
Sony Online Entertainment actually
has an agreement done with Epic Games
to license the Unreal Engine 3.
So there's a quote here from the Epic's game president, Mark
Raine, saying, Sony Online Entertainment
has a reputation for delivering detailed, truly engaging
interactive online worlds.
It is a great privilege for us that they're
using Unreal Engine 3 to create their next generation projects.
Of course, we've also seen it licensed by THQ, Bioware, Midway, Atari, Buena Vista.
Yeah... Who hasn't licensed it at this point?
Heck, I licensed it just yesterday to do my taxes.
Oh yeah? Well, I better get a return on this.
Die! No. Oh, what a compliment to the creators there, you know? Your engine's getting
used everywhere.
Sony's just jealous everybody else had it first. Eddie in our chat room says, oh, I
should say OL Army yet he said in our chat room says boo epic for supporting
Sony seriously speaking of everyone having a piece of it Hillary Clinton
she's and I'm not talking about Bill Clinton by the way yeah I don't know if
you phrase that exactly the way you intended anyways Hillary Clinton piece
of it or full of it piece of it you know cuz everybody is fucked Bill Clinton I
I didn't fuck but you know what? Let's just let's get this
Please games. Okay speaking of what is it the heat that's making everyone crazy tonight heat. Oh my god
Did you put something in those fucking cookies?
Joe's cookie mix
Trader Joe's ganja cookie
Natural man, first of all, I know that you were allergic and I am allergic and I would be pretty funny to get Andrew
all on some ganja cookies though we orange down's radio does not sorry
cookies condone the use I mean you can make our crap I'd be door but we do
endorse beer can we anyways get through party for God's sake Hillary Clinton go
Hillary um no she's actually trying to give her some ganja cookies she already
had her batch of those when she was in law school in hell she baked she baked
I bet that she baked a batch of, uh, of, like, brownies, special brownies for her teacher.
That's how she passed all her finals.
Okay.
Poor Loki.
I have done the X-Racks brownie trick, do not laugh about that.
Loki is usually the one that derails this show, and he looks so frustrated right now.
Anyways, so, Hillary Clinton, Cookie, um, she, she's actually kind of in the focus
sort of a brand new scandal now. It's having to do with legislation that she's supposedly
going to be trying to pass to impose a tax on games. And, you know, basically, I don't
know what the purpose of this would be at, you know, and still no way to actually confirm
whether this is true or not, but great! Taxing games! God, I really hate her. And she just
gives me another reason you know there's already an ugly skank there's already a
tax on them it's called sales tax yeah but she wants a better tax because you
know everybody's got to pay for you know the crazy people that you go out and
murder in the name of video games and so I guess this would pay for this then
they need to put a tax on board games they need to put a tax on other computer
don't give her any idea I could only support this if it was across the board
like you know it's video games movies and lots of forms of entertainment
rather than just singling out video games because honestly what's the
difference? Well this is a really stupid platform for her to be you know talking
on anyways and I really hate how they're gonna you know the rumor is that they're
gonna be using this in the 2008 elections video game violence and that
kind of crap. She should take a cue from her you know buddy Jack who got basically
told to fuck off by the court. That was legendary. That was beautiful.
Seriously next thing you know they'll be putting a tax on cigarette oh wait. He
tried to do his whole friend of the court thing and the judge is like screw
you piss off and the paraphrase by the way oh we'll see what happens so
basically you know one thing is you know Clinton is waging a public crusade
against games and apparently you know recent speech in front of the Kaiser
Family Foundation she's a she accused modern society of performing a massive
experiment on millions of children by exposing them to games, electronic media, and omnipresent
advertising.
At the rate technology is advancing, people will be implanting chips in our children to
advertise directly into their brains and tell them what kind of products to buy.
Clinton warned.
Of course, being that she's in a government position, I'm sure she realizes that also
the U.S. Army is using those tactics with America's Army as their recruiting tool.
Do you know how bad I would want to just pick her brain and see where she's coming from
on this?
Like, I want her on the show so, so bad.
It is not even funny.
Like, I just want to know, why games?
What is, what is, what is making you tick on this whole thing?
You know?
Well, my husband would rather play some Grand Theft Auto than give her Nookie, okay?
Wait, wait, wait.
Loki, read that last paragraph again.
The one about the chips.
At the rate that technology is advancing, people will be implanting chips in our children
to advertise directly into their brains and tell them what kind of products to buy.
Ladies and gentlemen, we already know this, but this bitch has gone off the deep end.
Seriously, what.
The.
Hell.
That's just making me think of that one episode of C-Lab.
You remember C-Lab, where they went on the surface and all these people were addicted
to a video game?
Oh, God.
Well, basically, this comes to us from Rocky Mountain News, and it was shared to them from
a very reliable source, but very reliable and very anonymous, so interesting.
What are you looking at there?
I'm looking at the notice in order by James Brady, judge of the Middle District of Louisiana.
It is ordered that the motion for leave to file an amicus curiae brief be, and he's hereby
denied.
What they should have added is denied
Bitch. It's in capital letters. Notice how big
bold and beautiful that word denied is. It's one
page with no explanation. It's basically
the legal fuck off. So I'm going to post this in the chat room. I didn't mean to
hijack your thing but the chat room should see this. EvilCheese666 in chat room says
we need to mobilize the O.L. Army. We're going to war to stop the evil of taxes.
I'm not anti-taxes if it's going to a good cause, but I'm not for this because it's unfair.
It's targeting one element of entertainment that seems to be the common scapegoat.
Well, if any if any of our listeners that would like, you know who are hearing this later in in the week
It's a game politics comm slash images slash la dash jt dash denied PDF
Make sure you have all of that. This is a beautiful site. I love game politics. Those guys are like my hero forever
By the way, just as a friendly reminder if you want to you know, we're we at orange laundry are all about
making your getting your having you express your voice if you are an
American and live in the this country I really I realize we reach a worldwide
audience but if you're in America live in this country and have the power to
vote we encourage you to send a letter to your senator especially if you live
in Hillary's district dear senator I am a registered voter get help and I just
know because you have to stay professional that's right I disagree
with your tax on game blah blah blah you know you know what to do do something
tell your friends it's just like we said before if you have a problem with what
the companies are doing buy stock if you have problems no I'm serious can't buy
stock in Hillary Clinton no I'm saying the companies okay if you have problems
with what the government's doing write your congressman you know send a letter
in to you know the various different you know there's also a number of different
bureaus that are in charge of these various different proposals you know
that'll eventually go back in effect you know you can write the what the Trade
Commission I believe it is you know even on an international level there's also
international you know the tariff and trade Rob sorry there's something in the
chair gave me the giggles go ahead and finish sorry I'll be real me I'm it's
It's funny because, where was it, OLarmyEddie in chatroom says,
Dear Snetter, I'm a registered boater.
Please stop eating cookies.
My cookies are top notch.
I think that's a good time to go to break and find our rails
again, and let it cool off a little more in here,
get this heat out of here.
And we'll be back with part B. Who
Who knows what's to come in Part B of Orange Lounge Radio?
I know your Skype calls are coming, the voicemails of the week are coming, news on the wee's
coming, it's all coming up in Part B right after this.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcasted to the world twice
a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
