Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com
for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 191 for this July 16th, 2006.
I think we got some of our chatroom issues from part A, at least we have a temporary fix tonight.
Alright so hello to the chat room, we missed you guys during the very interesting second
half of our part A this week.
But our aim is improving.
Yes, and Dark Sakura is here, back in the house.
She visited us in the middle of part A there a little bit earlier than she anticipated
getting back.
She's here now to share some stories with you during part B. But not just yet, because
I have a video game story I'd like to share first.
Is that okay, Dark Sakura?
It's about the Wii!
I guess.
Toys R Us in Australia is taking pre-orders for the Wii at what equates to $249 U.S.,
but what's very interesting about this deal is that that comes with a free game.
So folks are speculating that this is pretty much proving that the Wii is going to come
with a pack-in game, which doesn't come as too much of a surprise.
But if you consider, we haven't had a lot of pack-in games at launch for our console
in quite a long time, so that's kind of interesting.
And of course, many, many folks are speculating that it's going to be Wii Sports as the pack-in
title.
I mean, what a perfect pack-in title that would be for the Wii, because that would give
you a little taste of everything what the Wii can do.
And you know, if you think about it, that's one thing that they kind of sold at the Nintendo
press conference as well.
Remember that guy who won the contest?
Remember when they flew all those guys to LA and then only let one come up on stage
to play?
It was Wii Sports, the tennis game.
And Wii Tennis, I mean, it's fun, but it's not going to be a great tennis sim.
It's really there to just show off what the Wii can do.
So I couldn't see spending money on Wii Sports, but I think it would be a fun pack-in title.
I think it would be good because it's also one of those titles that kind of shows you
what the Wii can do and kind of orients you to using the controller and that type of stuff.
And you could put a lot of those stupid tech demos and crap that they had on there because
they were fun, stupid games that you could just put on this collection.
not even call it Wii Sports, just have it, I don't know, be something.
Maury in our chat room seems to think that World Class TrackMe needs to have a Wii version.
I honestly think that Wii Sports sort of smacks of the Super Scope games.
How so?
It just had the multi-games to show off the different things you could play with the Super
Scope like Blastris and that really weird mole game.
Yeah, I like the mole game though, that was fun. It just makes me think of that.
Um, alright, well that's all I have to say on my story for the Wii.
Okay, well speaking of the Wii, there's been another
another secret flap that's been spotted.
How is this like the third or fourth secret flap that's on the Wii?
Boy, the Wii must sure be feeling like it's, you know, getting violated all over
left and right with people looking in every flap they can find.
The Wii has compartments everywhere. I see.
But um, no idea what it is. Um, looks like
a SD card port, but it's a really odd position for it. Let me put it that way. What do I
think it is? I think it might be just nothing. I think it's just maybe, it's a flap for nothing?
I think it actually is not a flap, I think it's just kind of a hole that would be for,
because it's at the very very bottom of the console. I mean if this were going to be in
their little docking bay or whatever it is.
I don't think you'd be able to access this panel, but my guess is it's probably just
for the docking station, it's probably a clip so the whole thing snaps in so it doesn't
come loose.
That's my thought on that, I don't know.
No idea what it is, but to be honest I don't care.
It's not like some super duper secret thing, yeah VR is hidden in the tiny little thing
right there.
I don't think these flaps are going to have these earth-shattering new features.
I think it's just going to be for plugs, cards, you know, things you can stick in your Wii.
Because, yeah, even looking at this right now, the actual picture that they show of
this said flap doesn't even look like a flap.
It just looks like a part in the console where it might snap in.
That's all it is.
Yeah.
Alright, now Dark Soccer, I know you have some stuff you want to share with the Wii
with us too, but I also understand you have a special shout out you want to give, so please
get that out before you move on.
To one of my really good friends' friends, her name is Larissa.
She was in a car accident a few days ago.
I'd like to give a big shout out, and I don't think she's listening being that she's currently
in the hospital, but for anyone who's listening who knows her, pass on that we wish her a
very quick recovery and glad she's coming out of it okay.
Absolutely.
get out of the hospital fast because I know hospitals are not a fun place to be
so please get well soon
very much. Well as far as
the story that I have there's actually some more
games being mentioned that's coming out for
Wii actually specifically from EA. Well there's also Need for Speed Carbon in
Madden NFL but
they're also announcing Tiger Woods, Godfather, SSX and Harry Potter coming
out
I wouldn't mind you know. Oh goody am I gonna get to cast spells with the Wii controller?
That would actually be cool you know if you have to wave it a certain way that would be...
You're a Harry Potter nerd what's the little
spells, give me some of the spells they say like what makes the light
luminous or something what do they say? Lumos. Lumos?
Yeah. Can you imagine being able to do that? And if the Wii had a microphone in it too?
That would be perfect. Use voice recognition. Oh my gosh
Harry Potter fangirls everywhere are gonna like never leave the house. Isn't that going to be a microphone attachment?
yeah they say that the we my well I don't think it's confirmed has a speaker
in it we all know that for me three but
it's a groomer that a speaker could easily be a microphone so why not have a
microphone on it too I don't think we have confirmation on that yet though but
imagine if it did have a microphone you could you know
say you know luminous and move the move the
thing and then you might even hear the spell come from the wand and it would
even vibrate
how crazy is that that would be special special it might
You might need to go Ruminos for it to, uh, cause it doesn't understand some of the-
That's right, if it's gonna be like, uh, brain training where you have to say,
BREW! BREW!
I swear it works! I swear it- go back to the OLR archives where I review brain training.
It really works. If you- if you are having a hard time getting your DS to understand you saying blue,
say BREW! And it works. Every time. At least for me. Exactly.
So that's pretty awesome.
But, some of those games I'm actually pretty- pretty cool. I- I wonder how SXX is gonna control.
Maybe Godfather you could just go around shooting people.
I think it's really interesting with all these Wii game announcements that our first thoughts are
I wonder what it's going to play like on the Wii. I wonder what that controller is going to do for that game.
Or how that's going to be different because of that whole Wii thing.
This is very interesting how...
I hope they're good because all it's going to take is a couple games that suck with that kind of controller configuration for people to go
Ah, dammit.
But every console has shitty games. I say the other way around.
If you have a few stellar games it's really going to sell that console.
It's all fun.
There's a lot of, you know, there's a lot of crap games on every console that doesn't
ruin it for them.
There's, you know, PS2, wonderful console, legendary console to be remembered for years
and years, has some real shit games on it.
Well, you know what's something that's occurring to me is that with, there's mentioning a Tiger
Woods game, what's stopping them from making like mocap golf?
Or even police 911?
With the Wii.
Maybe?
I don't know.
I think those are franchises that our developer friends should be looking into.
Speaking of the Wii though, and other fun things about it, IGN has actually come in
contact with a Wii developer documentation, like kind of a little pamphlet that basically
explains to developers how the Wii works, and some of the fun little details about it.
One of the things that's pretty interesting is there's going to be 6 kilobytes of non-volatile
memory in each controller. And the speculation is that it's possible that that will be for
storing player settings. So if you're a person that uses controller 1 all the time, it's
going to remember your settings and that's kind of neat. But other than that, they're
They're also mentioning that the sensor bar itself is only going to be about 20 centimeters
long and pretty much the LEDs I guess on the Wii controller and stuff are going to be for
battery life and show you that kind of stuff.
Also that light sources from fluorescent halogen plastic mirrors and many more interfere with
the actual pointer.
Oh interesting.
But to eliminate this though the actual inter...
Don't play in a spaceship.
To eliminate this, it says the pointer must identify the sensor bar and mark its two coordinates.
And when pointing with the Wiimote, the unit is actually interfacing with the sensor bar,
which translates the data to the television and in effect simulating a direct aim to the
television.
So, in a sense, it's basically comparing it to an eye measuring the coordinates between
0 and 1023 on the x-axis and 0 and 767 on the y-axis. So it's basically seeing like
a megapixel image or something like that. So it's kinda neat. And it says the pointer
could sub as a camera. Probably like a Pokemon Snap game. Boy that controller will do your
dishes pretty soon with all these things they keep saying. I can't wait for like the third
party controllers to come out and you know some perverted Japanese company out there
is gonna turn like Wii controller and sex toy you know it's gonna happen hello kitty
Wii we'll see anyway Nintendo one of their biggest franchises is Pokemon and
still after all these years Pokemon has some very loyal fans very very loyal
fans diamond and pearl is coming out very soon and a lot of folks have been
asking when is Pokemon gonna go online well it looks like it's going to be
happening soon there are some scans from Famitsu that show Pokemon diamond and
Pearl with the Nintendo Wi-Fi connection logo.
Now, they have said before that the game would support Wi-Fi,
but it was unclear if that meant local Wi-Fi or internet Wi-Fi.
With this logo, it knows it's going to be internet Wi-Fi.
So now we don't know what it's going to be.
Is it going to be battling?
Is it going to be Pokemon trading only?
Is it going to be emailing, like Final Fantasy III is having,
like we talked about last week, or what it's going to be?
We don't know yet.
But more details, hopefully, to come soon.
That is definitely if you're a Pokemon fan still very exciting and I think could actually breathe new life into the series
And I can't remember where I read this and I really apologize. I think it was on live journal
It was on one of the live journal communities
I'm on which is a good chance to plug the orange lounge live journal community as well
We have a live journal and a myspace, please
Head on over and join if you're a live journal member or myspace member and look for us orange orange lounge on
live journal and orange on radio on myspace
Somebody was talking about how they really need to do a Pokemon MMO
you know, because Pokemon is like the perfect game to make an MMO out of, I mean really
you know, go out, collect monsters, fight other trainers, it's just a matter of
finding a good concept
isn't it kind of surprising? I mean it is and it isn't. Nintendo really doesn't do MMOs
that they never have
but really here's the perfect opportunity for them to get into
the MMO and I bet it would be a really big game. I wonder
why they're holding back. I mean, maybe the Wii will
will see something new, but do you think Pokemon could work as an MMO?
I don't know. I don't like Pokemon. I think it would work very well as an MMO.
Just because, I mean, what's gonna be different in your experience?
When you're playing through Pokemon, you go through and you challenge other
people in the game. Why not go around and challenge other people?
You know, say they have their own gym there and that's like your different server
or... I think that would work very well.
and then your exploring modes are like going out and catching your different
Pokemon
I'm looking to see here on the chat room see if
anybody has comments. Mostly it's either Pokemon bashing or Pokemon supporting
like we have SatanBanana says someone needs to kill Pokemon series because it
sucks if you're over nine
and then 23rd Magus probably tells SatanBanana to go to hell
so we definitely have a... it may suck but it sounds like crazy
yeah and you know a lot of you, somebody else said who said they like the
Games, but not the oh here. We go l3 pa says the show is horrible, but the games are awesome
Pokemon snap I love Pokemon snap. I think pokemons a great concept the whole monster collecting
I mean, it's it's it's a great franchise. I you know yeah the cartoon
I may be over it now. I used to watch the cartoon a long time ago, and I think I'm kind of over it now
I don't know. Maybe I'd watch it once in a while. It's like a funny thing. It's a stoner cartoon now
Maybe I could see that dude man. It's dark in pika
Pikachu!
Pikachu!
Pikachu!
Maybe, I don't know.
But the games are neat, and the problem is, for me, the games have so much more potential
than what Nintendo's doing with it, that that's just my opinion.
I don't know.
I like Pokemon Pinball, though.
And Squirtle was a gay Pokemon, just so you know.
If you didn't know that Squirtle is a gay Pokemon, if you want to know my reasons why,
just email me, I'm not going to talk about it on air.
Oh, I remember that.
Yeah, I think I have a...
Just look up a book, it's called Come Out, Squirtle, and it'll explain everything.
Alright, anyway.
You gave me a copy of that.
That's funny. Actually, I have different types of battle stuff in mind though.
Oh, yes.
Neo Geo Battle Colosseum. That makes me particularly happy since I'm an SNK fangirl.
Oh, what am I saying? I'm a fangirl of just about any game, but
we're gonna be getting it by Ignition. It's actually going to
Gonna be out in Europe on PS2 in the autumn.
What's basically what Battle Colosseum is, it's a
fighting which players use different characters from a range of SNK
different games like World of Heroes, Art of Fighting, Fatal Fury, Samurai
Showdown, Last Blade, Metal Slug, Kizuna Encounter and you'll have your
regular fighting modes but you also have like tag battle. It's sort of making me
think of King of Fighters but not quite. There's also a rumor of six different
hidden characters but it's actually going to be out with other games like
King of Fighters 11, King of Fighters Maximum Impact 2, SNK vs Capcom Card Fighters, and Metal Slug Anthology.
That'd be awesome, as if that game, one of the hidden fighters, is Magical Lord.
Remember that game? That game is awesome.
That's what I used to play at, like, when they had those Neo Geo machines down at, like, Rayleigh's or something like that.
We need hidden characters to be Bub and Bob.
You know what they need to do? They need to take this and kind of make another Capcom vs SNK.
And actually put some of the you know characters like metal slug characters and stuff. I've been hearing rumors about
DC DC vs. Capcom
Yeah, that'd be pretty cool
It's I think still a rumor. But yeah, they should actually do DC vs. Marvel as a fighting game. That would be tough
I don't think either one of those
Comic companies would want to do something like that, but I'm sure Capcom would love to make that game
They weren't together before.
Eddie in our chat room seems to think that the listeners should rally together to make
an Orange Longs radio card game.
I don't think there's enough.
Our own collectible card game?
You would have to really go back into the show's history to get enough people, I mean
granted there's the three of us that host the show and obviously Mikatov's here half
the time and you know even in recent memory we've had some other guests but really we
haven't had like the orgy of guests we used to have during some of our live shows back
in the day.
I mean you'd have to way go back to some of our old members.
could do it like they do in Magic, you know, where you have your different, your fire,
you know, your different...
What would you have?
Fire Jamie and Earth Jamie?
Dude, I have my, no, I have my red black deck.
My red black deck was pretty nice.
Alright, anyway, anyway.
But they could, we could each have our own, like, series, you know, it'd be cool.
Interesting.
Well, speaking of battling, one battle has been decided here in the United States and
that is the Battle of the Portable Systems.
As if you didn't realize, last month, or actually even kind of sort of in May, the DS has actually
overtaken the PSP in sales in the United States.
So now the PSP can't, or Sony can't brag that the PSP is at least winning the United States
because they're getting their ass handed to them now.
Sales though, overall in video games have gone up about 25%, but in the sold units as
far as the two consoles are concerned. The Nintendo DS is right now over 5200,000 units
and this was kind of towards the end of June so that number is probably even higher right
now. And the PSP is right now at 4,600,000 units, so actually more, 4.7 million units.
So basically the DS Lite kind of pushed them over the limit there and lots of new games
of course coming out for the DS and to be honest the PSP hasn't had that many great
releases lately so it's kind of hurting.
But you watch when Vice City Stories comes out, oh yeah.
But anyways, beyond that though the Xbox 360's finally reached 2 million units in the United
States about time. And of course the PlayStation 2 is still selling pretty strong. They sold
another 300,000 units in June alone and puts the total up to about 34 million units in
the United States, which is almost as many Game Boy Advance units out there. They're
up to almost 33 million Game Boy Advance. Of course, now that if you think about it,
how many Game Boy Advance systems have there been? I mean, there's tons of different reiterations.
So that's pretty cool.
That sounds pretty cool.
But as far as things that are coming out, we actually have
our Europe release dates, if anybody is interested.
I know our European listeners would probably be very
interested in that.
I've noticed we've actually had an increase in the amount
of listeners coming from Europe lately.
And part of the reason for that, as I understand it, is
that folks over there are very appreciative that we are an
American gaming show that is willing to acknowledge that
there's other people around the world
that play video games.
so thank you guys for recognizing what we try to recognize
I love hearing from our UK listeners, they're great
I love hearing from everywhere, it doesn't have to be UK, it can be anywhere
Seriously, we've gotten emails from all over the world
and I'm always looking forward to it
especially Canada lately because I was just there so you know that's
I'm on a Canada kick lately
I have to give you one of the maple cookies I got there so good
I'm gonna go get one right now while you do the next story
Addict huh?
Okay, what we have coming out though, um, just a handful of games on the 21st, uh, the
following three are on PSP, we have Def Jam, Fight for New York, The Takeover, Field Commander,
me sneezing, and no, Jamie sneezing the game isn't, okay, cookie, okay, okay, we have,
oh dude, god I smell like syrup, they're hella good, sorry guys, back to games, sorry, these
cookies are the shit, I swear, I think we have another list, I think one of our listeners
is in Vancouver I'm gonna make them send me more of these cookies they are so
freaking good anyway sorry sorry okay as I was saying sorry UK listeners for PSP
we have Def Jam fight for New York the takeover field commander and infected
coming out on PlayStation 2 we have super world police some things to look
forward to though the next week is a juice eliminator pac-man world 3 sieve
Civ 4, Civ City Rome, lots of pretty cool stuff coming out.
Actually a Shin Megami Tensei and the Ant Bully.
Pretty cool.
Okay, Miami Vice is on here.
What's the point?
They're doing a Miami Vice movie.
Yeah, it's movie time.
I know, but it's still, like, what's the point?
Pastel suits should have stayed gone in the 80s.
Okay, that's my tangent.
Okay.
Anyways, in the US, similar stuff, not a whole lot, but if you are ready for some football,
NCAA Football 07 is coming out on pretty much every, well, Playstation 2, Xbox, Xbox 360
and the PSP, so check those out.
If you're not a fan of football, and you may be a fan of CG animated movies, in which case
Monster House will be the game for you, and that comes out on Playstation 2, or GameCube,
the DS and the Game Boy Advance. And if you're not a fan of either of those, maybe you're
a fan of Super Dragon Ball Z, which is coming out on Playstation 2. Then of course there's
Blade Dancer on the PSP Valkyrie Profile Lenith, which is a remake of the very first Valkyrie
Profile on the PSP. And Miami Vice is also coming out on the PSP. And that was a PSP
only title, which was kind of interesting, but it looks pretty decent. Be sure to check
it out. Anyways, did you want to say something about The Sims 2? Oh, I'm sorry, yes. I did
want to mention something. I've been chatting, we have two listeners from Vancouver in chat
so I'm reminiscing my trip and telling them where to get the cookies that Jamie and I
are eating right now. Those cookies are addicting. There's a farmer's market they do at this
little island called Granville Island in Vancouver. You know what, I'm sorry to turn this into
cookie chat, just do your game play. Anyways, I thought I would like to talk about something.
GameSpot actually, they had their kind of retail radar thing. And there's also, I think
there's actually a rumor control article that they had about, during E3, EA had a game coming
out called Sims 2 Pets. And Sims 2 Pets was supposed to be this PC only, kind of almost
Looks like an expansion for The Sims 2.
But I can confirm now today that Sims 2 Pets is actually coming to the consoles and you'll
be able to play that here pretty soon.
It is coming out here I believe towards the fourth quarter.
It's basically October 18th is the date.
PlayStation 2 and GameCube are going to be $32.99 retail, and it's also going to be coming
out in the DS and Game Boy Advance for $29.99, so be sure to check that out in October.
So more Sims 2 games for you.
And you know, that kind of seems like Nintendogs to me, but whatever.
Maybe you can kill them.
Ooh!
Ooh!
I am going to check this game out, especially on the PC, because if you can kill it, granted
You know morbid, but I killed the sims. So, you know GS 191 in Chaz an excellent point though
He has a message to EA here. Stop making the sims and work on spore
They are working on spore. Yeah, but I like spore more even from the demos I've seen I'm like
spore needs sport now
Give it to me
Seriously, that game is gonna be serious crack for people. Yeah, you think the sims is bad. Just wait for spore
I'm telling you for is that's all people are gonna be talking about next year people in
China are gonna be killing themselves for spending too much time on there. They're gonna leave babies in hot cars and
Not feed them and all that fun stuff
All right. Anyway moving to a completely different topic regarding an upcoming Mario game. Well Mario hoops anyway
Squeenix has added five characters from the Final Fantasy world into the DS game
Mario hoops because they're actually making the game so it's kinda like they
you know borrowed Mario stuff but here they're putting these characters into
the game
Moogle, White Mage, Ninja, Black Mage
and a Cactuar named Sabotender
so we're not sure quite what that means yet but at least you're getting a Cactuar so
that's kinda cool
makes me think of this great overlooked PS1 title, at least I like this game
I don't think a lot of people did but Chocobo Racing
was a game they had on PS1, it was kind of like a Mario Kart type game, but you could
be like White Mage or Black Mage or a Chocobo, and you could actually unlock Squall, I think
was one, and I want to say you got Cloud at some point too, you could unlock all these
characters, it was actually a fun little racer, I really wish they'd revisit that concept,
I think it was a cute little game.
My message to Square and Nintendo, stop working on Mario Hoops, no one cares about Mario Hoops,
I care about a new Super Mario RPG, that's what Nintendo and Square Enix should be working
on.
It's not a stupid basketball game, whatever.
But fine, at least they're doing something new.
I can't complain I guess, but I will.
I will complain.
Anyways, on a completely different topic though, and actually kind of follows with more complaining.
Some of the ex-frag dolls are attacking the whole sponsorships of gaming teams and girl
gamers topic and it's kind of interesting though.
And basically quote here from them, although we may have strong opinions, you can be sure
of one thing, we're not here to endorse any product or sell you anything.
If we say it, it's because we mean it, not because it pays our wage.
kind of, you know, basically attacking the Frag dolls and those girl gaming teams, especially
the ones that are sponsored by Ubisoft or Microsoft, etc. Anyways, let me get back more
into this here. On a similar note, we may be both girls who game, but we're not here
to wave the girl gamer flag. We believe that drawing attention to the gender, you create
a barrier that's otherwise irrelevant. In our experience, promoting girl gamers can
often be used as a cover story of big business, but trying to widen its market share while
still getting some pretty faces in the magazines. In other words, free advertising. So they're
kind of coming out and saying that these girl gamer groups are nothing more than a marketing
ploy and they suck.
I don't really know what to think about all this stuff anymore. I'm just like, just shut
up and play games. I don't care. Because what I want to tell a lot of these people, you
know, the people that are passionate on both sides of it is like, make it about the games.
Let's just go back to the games. You know, seriously, when it needs to come back down
to, it needs to come to the arcade, where you've got, you know, some guy dressed up
all like funky and shit and kicking the crap out of an arcade game. Sure, if a chick wants
to walk up and then just, you know, completely defeat him in, you know, an actual game, great.
It's all about gamers. It doesn't matter what sex race you are. As long as you kick ass
in the games, that should be all that matters.
That should be all that matters, and fortunately, if you are on the receiving end of the discrimination.
And if you want to look...
Yeah, but as a homosexual, I've been on somewhat the receiving end of that discrimination before
too, you know, having to put up with a lot of MMOs, you know, that's gay and this is
gay, and I don't let that kind of talk really get to me, but I know that it's tough for
any type of minority, you know, really.
But I don't know, at the same time it's like, because of the internet, in a way, people
can be people that they're really not, at least in an MMO.
Guys can play girls, girls can play guys.
It's a great way for everybody to be anonymous.
You don't know what's sitting behind an Xbox Live gamertag.
Sure you can hear a voice, but even then some people play Xbox Live and don't use their
voice.
Or mask it.
Well, you can't do that on 360, but the old school one you could.
Oh, the old one, yeah.
Even though it was awful.
You know, I knew a guy in college that had a really, really high-pitched voice and sounded
like a girl.
And a lot of Xbox Live sounds like that, too, where you don't know what gender it is because
it sounds like gender.
I'm gonna pwn you, noob.
You know, you can't tell really what they're saying.
They all sound the same.
Everybody sounds the same.
Actually, if it's on a PSO, you get your own feedback first before you hear everybody else.
And join the OL Army.
We're all about, you know, just shut up and play the game.
It doesn't matter what you look like, who you sleep with, what gender you are.
It doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter.
Just play a game and have fun.
And don't be a dick.
Yeah.
Exactly.
And speaking of the O.L.
That's rule number one of the O.L. Army.
Don't be a dick.
Or a twat.
He said twat.
Speaking of things, though, that are super cool.
Yes.
Super cool.
And you know, blah, blah, blah.
Tongue tied today.
Sorry to interrupt you, Jamie.
I just wanted...
No, you're not.
about the OLR army real quick, I was going to mention that we did start a clan on ChromeHounds.
And if you want to join it, there's a couple things you should know. First thing, you've
got to be a member of the Kingdom of Salkar, which is one of the alliances on there when
you start the game, so when you're creating a character. And then what you'll do is search
for OLR, all capital, and then MY. And basically that's the OLR army. And we're looking for
anybody that's got a mech in the game, doesn't matter what, you know, you're playing, that's
all good. And there is a password though. UpUpDownDown is the password. I couldn't add
the rest of the Konami code because there's just not enough space for it, but UpUpDownDown
is the password to get in. And don't be a dick. And don't be a dick. You can be a dick
to other people, that's perfectly fine in the game. Don't be a dick to each other. We
We totally approve of smack talking in the game, that's fine, because after all, you're
all on a team.
Be excellent to each other.
Party on.
Are we gonna party on?
So can I do my thing now?
Yes you may, yes you may do your thing.
Do you need your music for your thing?
I do, I feel incomplete without it.
Yay, I'm so happy with you.
So I have been hanging out on the interwebs, and actually this is one that was brought
to my attention at California Extreme it's go to www.thefutureofpinball.com
yeah again I'm still stuck on pinball but this actually we watched their
little discussion they had about a movie that the guy behind this is doing about
the pinball 2000 series you know if you've ever seen the revenge from Mars
or wasn't there an episode 1 machine it has video integrated into the pinball
oh yeah those machines are cool yeah this was actually
there's some more information on the site as well as a trailer for the movie he's
working on
but he basically interviewed a bunch of the Williams designers and some of the
higher-ups in the company to see what happened because
pinball basically the way that the pinball industry was staying going
was the fact that you have this machine that does this
okay now we have to make this machine obsolete our competition is
ourself because I mean once you know we lost Capcom and it Williams basically
only had themselves to keep you know with to keep that whole area open they
had to basically make their old machines obsolete and make new things people want
to do so pinball 2000 was how they were going to revive the whole pinball
industry except they decided to close it down anyway now they make casino
machines but this it was it was very cool it also has some footage of some
very rare machines like this I think it's called pinball carnival or
something to that effect but it's basically like a multi-layer pinball
machine we have to work about getting it to the top of the thing it's very cool
very cool very big machine but lots of lots of really cool stuff if you're into
pinball if you're into video games in general because the other good thing
about this is that it brings in, um, techniques that were actually incorporated into some
of the old games, like the, uh, what was the update to Space Invaders? Where you have the
background behind it, but the thing projected over it.
I don't remember, but yeah, I know what game you're talking about, though.
But, um, it's, it's, it's very cool. Actually, just checking out again, it's the future of
pinball.com. I think this guy's movie is supposed to be out around October, I want to say. So,
um, check out the trailer. Lots of good stuff. Very interesting.
Excellent. And speaking about the next generation of stuff, Microsoft, of course, revealed this
week their brand new media player called the Zune. And no, it's not meant for games. But
it does look very similar to an iPod, kind of. I mean, it's got a giant screen on it
though. But it's basically going to be used for just playing games and probably, or not
games. I just contradicted myself there. They said they might be used for some games like
live arcade games or something like that. You know kind of the same stuff that you see
on iPods nowadays where they have the little simple games on there but mainly for music
and media. Probably to tie in with some other stuff that they're going to be launching here.
But it is all part of this Microsoft's Project Argo and supposedly this isn't the only device
that they're releasing as part of that so maybe a portable gaming device out there but
not this one. So the Zune is not a gaming device.
Alright, moving on to a completely different topic in regards to Sony and
the Blu-ray. This is kind of a iffy thing, because it came through Internet Movie
Database, but
a Chinese newspaper is reporting that Sony is having some major problems with
Blu-ray production.
Supposedly, production facilities are not being able to meet the demand for the
diode
that generates the blue laser that puts the blue in Blu-ray.
and apparently Sony's own plants and
some at Nisha Corp in Japan have
been having run-ins regarding supply shortcoming. This may not only
affect the supply of DVD players' Blu-ray, but it might also affect the
PlayStation 3. So, I don't know,
could be running into some delay problems with PlayStation 3. Delays are
possibly
low-yields, might even have more of a shortage than the Xbox 360.
people thought you know the xbox 360 launch was botched
you ain't seen nothing yet
well uh...
you know there's supposed to be uh... a uh... pirates mmo
pirates of caribbean
well um... they're saying that there's going to be user submitted content
now
as far as
user submitted content i'm really not sure
how that's going to be
feasible in game
honestly, I'm going to go ahead and read this quote here off of Kotaku
it simply cannot be the case that flying lab meant what they say above basically
what they were saying
is that uh...
they're going to let you put in user submitted and peer reviewed content
uh... but to get back into the quote the developers must intend to have a high
degree of control over the designs that make their way into the world because it
It is a certainty that if they don't want the entire Port Royal Harbor to look like
t-shirts at a fanfare, with sales that featured large-breasted elven princesses Darth Vader
in a jaunty pirate hat, and slogans like Minus 50 DKP or WTS PST.
That's great, that's a great quote.
How many freaking Jack Sparrows are going to be on that game, you know?
Just like how many Sephiroths are in Final Fantasy XI.
Captain Jack Sephiroth.
I will kill you all and look hot I think the idea I haven't I'm gonna be honest
I'm probably the only person in the world that has not seen either Pirates of the Caribbean movie
But I still think the concept of this MMO game is kind of cool
except it does make me cry a little bit because
Puzzle pirates was such the cutest little MMO and you know
There's been there's been pirate people that love playing that game like long before Pirates of the Caribbean was you know
what everybody was talking about so I kind of I kind of feel bad for those
guys but they'll keep their game going it's it's it's pretty cute oh yeah
there's still puzzle pirates going and it's it's a cute game I I don't I
unfortunately don't really have the time for it and you know cuz I'm playing too
much World of Warcraft but I respect puzzle pirates players it's it's a fun
game I can't call you an addict anymore I know I'm playing on two servers now
you freaking play it too you need to sign in to a yeah we actually have our
our guild now. I'm in the guild, hello, you gave me bags and stuff. I know, I'm just saying.
The only reason I didn't play the other day is because Airy Peak was down. Oh, oh yeah,
that's true. Anyway, moving on, what else was I gonna say? Oh, Dance Cook in our chat
room says, Puzzle Pirates needs to be on the DS. Say hell yeah. Mm-hmm. Amen. I think that
would be a good game for the DS. Hell yeah. It would totally work with the touch screen,
absolutely. Anyways, speaking of games, and speaking of Puzzle Pirates, Puzzle Pirates
was free for a while during the little trial there. And that's when I played it, when it
was free. Exactly. Well guess what? Xbox Live Arcade is going to get a free game. That's
right, you too can play Texas Hold'em for free. It's coming out August 23rd and it will
be free. That's no money. So be sure to check it out when it comes out. It's going to support
tournaments and 8 players online. So it looks like Microsoft wants to get you gambling.
pretty cool. And I think if I remember correctly, I think this game also supported the Live
Vision camera, so that would be kind of neat too.
There's actually another demo on Xbox 360. That's the Lord of the Rings demo. The Battle
from Middle Earth 2 is actually on the Xbox Live Marketplace now. It's at 148.84 megabytes,
that's pretty funny, and has a single multiplayer available. It has a tutorial to tell you how
to play it actually there's also a first mission available on there too it's lots
of themes have also been made available on the marketplace to you it's
interesting as I saw this and I downloaded it but I haven't actually
played it yet I don't know it it's kind of neat I have not really sure about the
whole Lord of the Rings you know aspect of it I'm just waiting for a good RTS game to
be on there you know something like command and conquer sure command and
Conquer 3 when they're, you know, putting that out. Pretty awesome. Probably gonna put
that on the 360. I think they were testing to see how well a game like that would do
with Lord of the Rings, so it should be interesting.
I will want to check this demo out, just because I like free stuff, even if it's just demos.
One thing to mention though about that demo, they did have, slightly before the demo was
released, they had a walkthrough of the demo, which was kind of interesting. That was pretty
cool. And they also had a walkthrough of some other demo, and I remember a walkthrough of
the demo of Two Human, I believe. Or no, not Two Human. God, what the hell the other game
was. But anyways, there was three walkthrough on there, and two demos, so possibly a third
demo coming out, and I think that was their new MMO, their sci-fi MMO, which for some
reason the name is escaping me whatever all right we're gonna move on to an
interactive element of our show we love to get mails from you guys every week at
mailbag at orange lounge radio.com and dark soccer likes to put on our hazmat
suit and try to dodge the anthrax in there and pull out some of our favorite
emails yeah there was there was some pretty good hate mail in there from what
I remember from when I last ducked in there because I remember I went in for
last week's show I pulled some out. A few things I've had good responses to but I
have a few other I'm just only gonna look at a few of them today. All right
well let's go in and yeah we don't have time to read every email I mean Dark
Sakura reads them all and I read some of them too but we don't have time to
respond on air to all of them so. But there are quite a number that I'm going
to actually make a typed response to. All right real quick that was Mass Effect I
was talking about thank you all right here we go mailbag. The first one comes
from Brandon from Texas this is good afternoon actually this sort of
afternoon now isn't it I am a new listener of your podcast and love it I
just wanted to make a comment about the comments about game patching you did an
episode 190 it is always a bad idea to rush your product out and fix it later
the examples of why is Windows XP Microsoft has rushed the development of
XP and caused to be inherently insecure it wasn't until service pack 2 that the
majority of security flaws were fixed of course there are still problems the sad
reality is that if there is buggy software it is a risk to security and
your systems people can exploit a flaw in a Wii game it will cause cheating and
other malignant hacks I'd like that use of malignant okay I'm the grammar nerd
um not a tumor I may sound paranoid but listening to podcasts such as security
now makes one very aware of risks in terms of gaming a fundamental piece of
software could be damaged if there is a bug that affects system memory data such
as virtual console games on the Wii, it could corrupt the data. What will this world come
to if we do not have proper quality control prior to release?" Very good point.
Good email. I like the comparison. I like the point that he's trying to make with XP
being, you know, they have tons of flaws and they're always releasing patches for it all
the time, but at the same time, to me, it's a little bit of apples and oranges because
you're talking about operating system, which is like the backbone of the computer, versus
a game. It's a little bit apples and oranges for me. Don't get me wrong, I get the comparison,
but it's a little bit apples and oranges for me.
I'll tell you what system actually that would have been a very accurate comparison to is
the Dreamcast. For any of the games that ran in the Windows CE environment, the game loads
Windows CE onto the system prior to playing the game.
Or even more recent, some of the Xbox 360 games and their save game errors, which, you
know, once you're playing through some of the game, you go back into it and your save
games gone so you know that was something that they had the patch and
fix and hopefully I think is fixed by now. More mail! Yes actually an email from
our dear friend Rob with two B's actually sent me a little bit of a of an article
that was posted on instant replay that about Namco of America they have a new
president. Toyoshi Nishikawa is now the president and CEO of Namco
America Incorporated. Kevin Hayes is now going to be focusing on Namco
Cybertainment which is the arcade. Good! I mean good that arcade stuff is going up
again. You know I was listening to another show. I think it was Bobby? They're
talking about arcade stuff and how there's kind of a need to re-energize
what's going on in the arcade scene and I want to say it was something like Sega
had a big interest in trying to revitalize what was going on in the
arcade market I know some of the things that they were citing was look at a game
like Derby Owners Club that is a huge social following behind it that's really
where the ask that's really where arcades can come back to life is
through the social element, you know, look at DDR, I mean hell, this show was born of
the social element of DDR, it boils down to something as simple as that, you know, that's,
you gotta deliver something in an arcade setting that you can't get being able to sit at home
and play on your big butt on your big couch, you know, being able to play games, you gotta
be able to deliver something different in an arcade, and like, networking arcades together
for like site competitions is another like cool thing, so, I like that people are putting
resources back into making arcades fun because arcades arcades have so much
potential they're pretty much dying over here for a little while they need to
they need to come back to life there's so much potential I think it's actually
pretty good that they brought over somebody from the Japanese side of it
because there are kids there are still you know if they're not surviving fully
they're still you know going on strong there's only I don't think there's been
as many closures there as there were here but a little bit more background on
Nishikawa he's been with Namco since 1987 he's been the EVP CEO since January
so basically he's been with Namco for a while he's got a lot of experience in
the company so I'm being being that I am a big Namco fan I worked for you know
several of their arcades a GS 68 in our chat room has a great comment to maximum
Toon 2 is very social as well, so that's, you know, this could be a good thing for arcades.
So congratulations on your promotions, boys.
Speaking of arcades, I actually saw, I was at Riptide Arcade yesterday, and they have,
that's the Pier 39 one, right, in San Francisco, they have now this machine that you can win
iPods and PSPs and DSs out of.
I saw one at Universal City Walk in one of the random stores there.
Wow, we've all been traveling a lot lately.
Like, we have these random Reno, Canada stories in LA, and now you've got San Francisco.
Yeah.
And this is San Francisco, San Jose, Los Gatos, like, in the span of two days.
It's kind of crazy.
Anyway.
Anyway, back to the emails.
One from Fireboma, one of our long-time listeners.
Dear OLR, recently while watching X-Play, a review on the US release of Beatmania got
my interest.
Besides the usual complaints of the game's learning curve and lack of familiar songs,
the folks over at X-Play decided to go the extra mile and say that the game in general
was simply not good at all.
They then continued to say Guitar Hero was clearly a better game and that Beatmania was
a blatant ripoff of Guitar Hero.
Needless to say, this made me annoyed to a fanboy-ish level.
X-Play, the show that usually laden with knowledge about obscure Japanese RPGs and action games,
forgot to do its homework and is now talking out of its ass.
The main problem is that this lack of knowledge about the Bimani series when it comes to comparing
Guitar Hero to other games is commonplace in many publications about the Guitar Hero
series, calling it groundbreaking and such.
This is like calling In the Groove a unique dancing game the likes of which never have
been seen before.
I'm wondering what your thoughts on this issue and what you think about X-Play's review.
As far as X-Play's review goes, I think you pretty much said it right there.
I mean if they didn't do the research you you can tell it shows and you it makes you mad or whatever
So it you know their review they will
Bear the brunt of the fan base getting mad at them for their review, but unfortunately it's kind of a trend
You're seeing because while here's here. It is for me guitar. Hero is a good game
It's a it's in fact. It's a great game, but people give it too much credit
it didn't do as much as people think it did.
And the problem is, exactly what this is, is that people are giving
Guitar Hero credit for something it didn't do.
And that was like creating the music genre, essentially,
in a way. Creating the music making genre, I should say, because you know,
you could go back,
Beatmania didn't really create the music, and you could go back further and say,
Parappa the Rappa was really,
but as far as the music making genre, Beatmania is really the granddaddy,
and so you know you can't credit Guitar Hero with that. 1998!
But you can credit Guitar Hero with
putting the American spin on it and making it and kinda catering to what I
think American audiences wanted and really finding that. Or even still just
comparing it to like
frequency and amplitude I mean since that was if you wanna you know completely
ignore the Japanese side of everything
those games were out a long time before and they were basically the same
damn thing
Well, yeah, exactly, it's the same company, but I remember seeing this review a while
back and I remember complaining about it as well, because, you know, I had pretty good
respect for, you know, X-Play, because I love how they rip in some of the stupid games out
there and they point out what's really dumb about them, or what's glitchy about it, and
they do it in a funny way sometimes, but then there's sometimes where they're just talking
other ass about things. And I don't know, it's just, you kind of expect a certain level
of, you know, criticism from them and a little bit of research involved and then when you
see them just kind of completely turn around and become like all those other shows out
there, you kind of let down. And I really think if they want to play devil's advocate
here, Guitar Hero wouldn't be as great as it was if guitar freaks had more licensed
music that wasn't all kinda in-house or non-mainstream. I mean, it was a Japanese game and it had
Japanese-style music. And in fact, if I remember correctly, I think that was one of the complaints
of Beatmania was, oh, none of these beat music tracks, they're just all generic techno and
I don't recognize any of these. But yeah, if you follow Beatmania, these are some classic
tracks from like ten years ago in some of the beginning games.
I want to get to some chatroom comments real quick before we get back to the mailbag. And
I want to say 23 Maggots in our chat room says guitar hero did a hell of a lot it made music games more
Accessible, that's kind of the point there. That's a good way of putting it. It made music games more accessible to a wider audience
I like that point and then GS 191 also makes a good point
Hey, don't blame the hosts. None of us are but for the record, but everybody out there should keep in mind this
Hey, don't blame the hosts blame the fucking writers and editors. They are the people that are putting that show down the tubes
So whatever intern at x-play wrote that review a spanking for you, my friend
Okay, granted still don't blame the host, that's fine, but
I would take it that these people, hosts of a gaming show,
should have some common knowledge to a game series that is,
I don't know, over 10 years old now.
To the credit though, the two that they have hosting that show
have more knowledge than a lot of folks on that network, so
I can't complain. They've talked about, you know, DDR in the past, and they've
talked about when
guitar freaks when guitar hero came out so I know they're aware of guitar hero
or guitar freaks so what
it's just a brain fart whatever I've got one last email
and this is from blaze saying hey skyloki and dark sakura
I've always as always the show is going amazingly well and I can't wait for each
week's episode I just wanted to offer an opinion on a couple different things
number one in regards to a question about retailers not having the
quote unpopular like a Phoenix Wright, Katamari Damacy
games I would like to say this. Retailers need to understand that these games exist
because people do play them.
Therefore, stores should come up with a better way of figuring out what to stock
and what not to stock. Even if the store only keeps two or three copies of the
game at a given time, it is better than running out
and not doing anything about it. I called three GameStop CB's in the past week
and none of them had Phoenix Wright, not a big surprise, or Katamari Damacy, a rather odd
surprise.
When I spoke to the people at these stores, they did nothing in order to try and be more helpful other than no
We don't have the game in their defense. It is based on how much they sell they're going to if they sell
40 like I'm just gonna pick random numbers if they sell one copy of
Katamari during pre-orders and they sell 40 of Madden
Their big seller is going to be Madden
it is going to make more sense for them to stock more of this
better to cater to the larger numbers than to the niche market.
But on the other side of this and the part that kind of makes me go huh is that you
know like let's say Tower Records if they didn't have a CD I wanted they
would offer to order it for me so why aren't these
stores that he's calling offering to at least order the game for him?
That would be what I would do. I know that they don't actually have that
capability
so that's why they wouldn't offer it however I think that if you
if you wanna see more retailers do that,
write their customer service line.
Yeah, because I'm just speaking,
and I'm not trying to rip on any store,
because he named a couple stores here.
From a customer service angle,
you don't turn the customers away.
You try to do whatever you can.
I train customer service for a living.
You have to try and keep them somehow,
and that's one way you can do it.
I mean, if that's a corporate restriction,
that's the corporate,
the corporate needs to look into that.
I do know, and I've actually been in this,
and it's not just my husband that does this.
and I'm not just saying it because he's my husband too, but I've actually been in a
couple of GameStops where they will call other stores
and find out if they have it. Well now that's a little better. That's a little better. That's something. That's good.
I went back, kind of on the same subject, I went back to GameStop the other day to
was I was looking to maybe pick up another used Xbox 360 game
but I also checked to see if they had point blank DS
which they haven't had a copy in since it came out and
Neil, that kind of peeves me. I understand that there might not be a huge demand for it.
Bring in one copy. I'm going to kill you to have one copy of the game.
Loki, just go to the internet at this point. Order it online. You bitch about this every week.
You just order it online.
No. I do want to say though, Dark Soccer, since you weren't here last week,
I pre-ordered my first game in many years.
Final Fantasy XII because I want that uber bundle. The game stops kidding.
Well that actually goes to the next topic on here, but one other thing I wanted to touch on is that
I actually do think that it might be a good idea for
people to write in and actually make suggestions to these companies.
They should have ways to, you know, like what McDonald's was trying to do with their whole
big network thing, you know.
I think that they should actually do a network wide inventory and be able to do stores.
You actually can do store to store transfers for items at GameStop.
I think that's more just in case they need stock of stuff.
But I think that they should actually be able to have it where, hey, we can pull this copy
from this store for you and have it for you on this day.
Right.
it's a suggestion. Well hopefully somebody who has the power to
change, it doesn't have to be
GameStop, it can be any of these stores. If anybody's listening that might
have control over corporate, I hope you have...
I would love to hear from you guys that work in the corporate side of these
things. What's your view on these types of policies? If we're
way off base with what we think are good ideas, we'd like to know
why. What are the
reasons why you wouldn't do that? I should see if I could interview my
husband's boss.
That would be fun.
The second item on here, pre-ordering games is something I only do if I'm going to get a bonus out of it.
For example, I pre-ordered Soul Calibur II for the Xbox.
I had pre-ordered it two or three days after the offer had expired, but I received my very awesome lithograph that hangs in the frame in my room,
and a gorgeous book with artwork from the game.
So I say that reserving the game is only worth it if you get a nice bonus.
Um, I do disagree with that.
For some of those more rare, hard to find, you know, games that you know there's going to be a limited run of,
of pre-ordering guarantees you get your copy so I and honestly because I it's
really convenient for me anyway because I can just say hey Dan pick up our
pre-orders but even so you know if you live a block from a GameStop or it's on
your way home from work what's gonna hurt you to stop in drop your five bucks
off and pick it up after work one day I don't want to keep delaying this issue
out but I did think about it so I just want to leave with this no this is this
is I really thought about what is the reason Rob why you don't pre-order games
and I thought about it.
This is why I don't like to pre-order games because I feel like when I put down $5 a game
stop, the day the game comes out, then I see an ad in the paper and, oh, Best Buy is offering
a free copy of such and such, or offering this deal.
So it's like, well, damn, now I've already committed the $5 to buy here and now I can
really get the special deal here.
And honestly, I think that's what stopped me from doing it in the past is when I put
down $5 on a game and then suddenly Best Buy or one of the other companies, I'm just using
them as an example, gave a better deal and I was a little miffed by that.
As a small rebuttal, you can transfer your reserves to other games, and I think you actually
can cancel your reserve.
Well, I guess that's a good thing to know, but I guess maybe the common knowledge out
there is you think, oh, it's on this game, I have to buy it, you know, so anyway, I don't
want to go into this whole issue again, we've had enough talk on it.
The last thing on here is, Blaze actually made a suggestion for Side of the Week, and
since I've already done Side of the Week, I think I'll make a mention of this one.
It's kingdomofloathing.com.
It's an online game that mocks the entire foundation of RPGs as it is known today.
If you think Atari 2600 graphics look bad these days, then this site is a step down
the ladder.
It is done completely in stick figures.
I've actually been to that site.
It's worth your time checking out.
An honorable mention for Site of the Week.
It's cute.
I can't think of any other word to describe it.
It's cute.
Check it out.
Cute is, yeah.
Honestly, I had...
I know we have some OL Army people on there.
Well, you know what?
I'll tell you what, if anyone of you is playing on Kingdom of Loathing, I will make, you know,
because again I'm hosting stuff for our OL army also on roleplay.darksacra.com, I will
make a Kingdom of Loathing discussion forum for you guys.
Ooh, now Roz in our chat room, or Dance Cook, whatever, says that Kingdom of Loathing needs
to go die in a fire.
Apparently something happened, some drama, I don't know.
Is there drama on Kingdom of Loathing?
I wouldn't know, anyway.
What game does not have drama, please?
man brain age bro all right anyways that's the last email that's the last
email right if you want to email us mailbag at orange lounge radio.com we'd
love to hear from you also there's the voicemail 9 1 6 2 2 6 90 67 that's not a
toll-free call our voicemail question of the week our games too easy one last
thing I do want to mention is that for the kind of person who sent me an email
directly with the compliments and support um thank you very much you will
be getting your reply, I just did not have an opportunity to do it when I first read
your email.
And to the people who did not email me this week directly with admiration and support,
you may feel free to email me this week.
Thank you.
Hey, I text messaged you.
Text messaged you.
I don't want the listeners text messaging me.
I get charged for that.
No, send me an email.
That's free.
I'll text you five times.
Back to the...
And also the kind of, also one more thing to add on there, thank you for anybody that
nominated us for the podcast awards as well.
Let's hope it's five indies that got nominated. Let's hope that it is indie
podcasts they got in there, but we'll know in
about a week or so what's going on there. I would bet anything
Gamertag Radio gets nominated because I've gotten like five emails from those
guys.
Whether it be on Xbox, and no disrespect, they've got a fine show, they are really
passionate about what they do.
Really, I mean they are
They love what they do and it's it's obvious, but it's just funny because I got it on Xbox live
We got it in our own mailbag. I mean, it's just everywhere, but I I don't they're they're absolutely deserving
I think would be cool if they got it and that there's lots of deserving shows out there
I can't wait to see what what happens
I wish I wish everybody on all games and some of the other cool ones can get all get nominated
But we'll see what happens. Yeah, okay. Anyways, I'm speaking of you know, all that fun stuff
There's a little bit of drama going on and this drama is kind of taking place in Las
Vegas with Mayor Oscar Goodman and apparently he doesn't like the brand new Rainbow Six
Vegas game that's coming out that depicts terrorists taking over a hotel in Vegas.
Anyways, Goodman has an issue with the game's plot which sees the terrorists taking over
a swanky casino on the city strip and seizing a number of hostages.
Goodman reported saying the game was based on a false premise, adding he has been repeatedly
told by the government officials that Las Vegas is the safest place imaginable when
it comes to terrorist attacks.
The mayor also said he'll look into whether or not the city can prevent the game from
being released.
It could be harmful economically and it may be something that's not entitled to free speech
protection.
So that's kind of interesting, kind of along the same lines of Mercenaries 2 and the people
in Venezuela getting pissed off about that game, so it should be interesting.
But I mean, come on, the game in the end, they save the people, so I mean, it's not
like, you know, oh, the people get all killed and yeah, Vegas sucks.
WonderDogHerald has an excellent point here in the chat room.
You'd think he'd object to all the murders that take place in Las Vegas on CSI.
Exactly!
That's true. CSI does not make Las Vegas look like a pretty place.
I don't really watch the show a whole lot. I've caught it a couple times because
I shouldn't have to feel ashamed to admit this, but I like Survivor.
And CSI comes on after Survivor, and you know, sometimes I catch the first little pieces.
It doesn't paint Vegas to be a pretty town at all.
So you think the mayor would... maybe he has, I don't know.
I mean, after all, their catchphrase for Vegas is, you know,
You know, what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas, I mean, whatever.
Alright, anyway, moving on, I want to point this out.
This is very random, but when was the last time we had Atari 2600 news on this show?
Hey, we love all consoles.
We mean it.
Well, get this, Simon Kornhorst is developing for the Atari 2600, yes, folks are still developing
for the Atari 2600.
called a VCS tech challenge is the name of the game that's a little bit of a
play on the word as tech challenge there was a game on the Commodore 64 there's a
quote from Simon Cornhorse that says as follows I somehow remember the game as
tech challenge from 1983 on the Commodore 64 and I always liked the
first level called the gauntlet and the game music I thought that a similar game
for the VCS would be cool he says on his website for the game's release there
will be handmade copies complete with a manual cartridge and packaging but only
for the first 55 owners.
Most of those have already been secured by nostalgia gamers, however, Mr. Cornhorse is
willing to produce as many copies as is needed with just manuals and cartridges for those
folks that may want to pick this up a VCS tech challenge.
Now they keep making these flashback consoles, I think it would be cool to see games like
this be put in the flashback consoles and I think they did this.
I remember a story way, way back there. Atari Flashback 2 came out, they had like a contest,
like a 24 hour development, and they put the winning game in the Flashback 2. They should
reach out to this guy and put this AVCS tech challenge in Flashback 3 if they do it. You've
got to really love the 2600 to still be developing for it. You know what it looks like though?
The game itself kind of looks like Enduro to me, and how the hell I remember a game
like Enduro, I'll never know. But instead of driving, it looks like a little guy running.
So that's kind of cool.
Interesting. Anyways, brand new news here talking about TV now. DirecTV and IGN have
teamed up with Microsoft and a bunch of other companies to put together a brand new pro
gaming series called the Championship Gaming Series. It's basically a new professional
gaming league that will air competitions exclusively to DirecTV.
And apparently next weekend DirecTV and the company will take over a 16,000 square foot
airplane hangar at former Treasure Island Naval Base in San Francisco and turn it into
an indoor video game arena.
And it says it will use 16 HD cameras to film the two day invitational event.
And no word how the competitors for the event were chosen, but they'll be playing a variety
including Battlefield 2, Project Gotham Racing 3, Halo 2, DOA 4, and Counter-Strike 1.6.
And it should be interesting, it says the weekend's event will be aired in August.
Isn't DirecTV the home of Gameplay HD as well?
I think so.
And it looks like there's a lot of love for games over at DirecTV.
That's kind of promising, because from what I've heard of Gameplay HD,
it sounds like it's going to be a very good thing for gamers.
for gamers I hope it gets out there just beyond one satellite carrier I hope it
gets really out there in the mainstream because we need a real gaming channel
yeah because the one that used we used to have we just don't count anymore
period we don't count it anyway we're gonna go to a new section of our show
the sky actually this is not a new section it's the section we do every
week but it's new for this week it's the skype line if you would like to call
into our program head on over to www.orangelountrader.com and click on
Interact with us and you can call the show our phone number is nine one six two two six ninety sixty seven or you can
Call us on skype username orange lounge radio. Let's go to the phones. Hello. You are on orange lounge radio. Who's this?
Obviously, you know who's on the other line. Well, you still need to introduce yourself for those folks in the sock
All right, what's on your mind? Let's do Zaku
Basically picking off of where you actually said about the whole x-play fiasco and you know Adam Sessler and Morgan Webb
Just not doing their job. Well now wait a minute
Didn't we say don't blame the host because I know but I know but still as I said, you know
There's a lot of blame to go around not only them too, but you know the people behind them
They're making them, you know, that are you know, the people they're actually feeding them this stuff
I and I believe I firmly believe that there's a bias against them. There's a bias against against you know
well basically any type of any type of game that doesn't fit their their
criteria like you know in this case they they're just they're just kissing the
ass of guitar hero basically that's all I see now from not only xplay but from
game spot and other people that you know that bastardize beatmania what is the
criteria I mean they from what I've been seeing they they usually come down hard
on good games that turn out to be really you know they really they really you
know it really speaks it talked down on
and you know on good games and really
good games I mean I know was there
another game that they did a review of
that made you upset um I'm trying to
remember right now it also it's been a
while since I watch X play but usually
okay I know okay but so okay that's
alright you can't think of an example
but to play devil's advocate for a bit
you're never gonna agree with game
reviews 100% of the time they're kind of
meant to ruffle your feathers a little bit yeah and that's that's the truth and I
understand that but I mean the only thing what I don't get is how you know
they're saying it's you know taking one thing like guitar hero and making it so
you know make it hold more weight and something that has like beatmania which
which has been around there for long for like almost ten times as long as guitar
hero it doesn't make sense somebody didn't do their homework I mean it's
Well, that too, and I mean, and the fact that from what I heard in the BeatMania review
in X-Play, they only played the 5-key side.
They never explored the 2DX side, and that, you know, so you see how half-assed the whole
review was.
Exactly.
Honestly, I think they just gave it to some intern who did the review in a day, if even
that.
I mean, that's what happened, but, you know, two things happened.
It's good news for X-Play because now we've spent how much time during this program essentially
giving them free advertising, and two, it's also going to make themselves look bad in
that community for not having done that, but that's just part of life.
You know what?
We get criticized because we make mistakes sometimes, but you just have to realize shit
happens.
We make lots of mistakes.
So what?
We don't claim to be all knowing.
It pisses me off when I read things on the internet that bash on us for this type of
stuff and its like we dont get paid for this.
If I was getting paid to do eight hours of research a day on video games, everything
that comes out of my mouth, Lokis mouth, Dark Sakuras mouth is love of games and
hobbyists as hobbyists and things we do.
At least you guys go through playing the games before saying something about them, whereas
Adam and Morgan just read off the teleprompter.
Well, to be honest, though, it would take forever for one person to play all the games.
Trying to play everything that comes out, I remember when we first started doing the
podcast full-time and everything, I was just trying to play everything, and you can't.
You really can't.
And to Adam and Morgan's credit, at least as hosts, they've been doing other programs
with that.
They've kind of earned their way into those spots.
was doing shows on ZDTV, like the GameSpot TV, where I think the hosts were responsible
for a lot more of the work.
So I don't, you can't discredit this game, and Morgan was part of Screensavers a long
time ago.
I would really take them, you know, I would take them a lot more seriously if they actually,
you know, did more work as in actually giving an honest opinion rather than just reading
it off.
You know, that can't really happen.
That might be the producer or the network's problem, though.
But Zaku, we gotta let you go, we're running a lot, we gotta get another call, but thank
you so much for the perspective and making us talk about it a little bit.
Let's go to another call.
Hello, you're on Orange Launch Radio, who's this?
This is 23rd Magus.
Hi 23rd Magus, back away from your speakers a little bit and tell us what's on your mind.
Okay, I just thought I'd pitch in with a little WoW update.
Okay what's up?
I'm the resident WoW addict anyway.
Okay what's up on WoW?
Okay, IGN has released a new story unveiling the new additions to World PvP in the 1.12 patch.
It should be coming out, I'd say, probably within a month.
The Eastern Plague Lands will feature resource points that must be captured,
and Silithist will have piles of magical dust called Silithist that must be collected.
Alliance and Horde players will fight over these resources,
which, when turned in, will provide a zone-wide buff to your faction.
The 1.12 patch with the world PVP objectives, the cross several battlegrounds, and the road
talent review should be live on the test rooms by Monday.
I did notice on worldofwarcraft.com they posted the list of which...
Magus, I have to let you go because we're getting really bad feedback, but let me respond
to that just a little bit, what he was saying.
Thank you for the World of Warcraft update, that was cool.
But I did want to say really quickly that on worldofwarcraft.com I did notice that they
the list of which realms are in which group for the cross battle realms and of
course I'd look to where airy peak is at which where we've been playing and it
looks like I'll be able to play my old friends on doom hammer because we're in
the same group so that's kind of cool so we'll see what happens with that let's
go to the phones one more time hello you're on orange lounge radio who's this
it's Ron all right what's on your mind Rama I want to talk about point that you
a customer service and gaming stores I can I understand exactly where you're
coming from with that.
Okay.
How so?
I work at Staples and if the item is not in stock, we have to go in the systems and track
it down.
If we can't get from one machine, we have to go to the AS400 and check all the stores
in the area.
We have to bend over backwards for the customers, make sure they get what they want.
And I have no problem doing that because when I do it for a customer, I expect the same
thing done for me.
To be honest, that's a good company policy, but to be fair to whatever companies we were
talking about earlier in the show, we don't have a representative to really give us the
exact policy.
So we can only talk about what your company is doing, which it sounds like a good thing.
But the thing is, let's say that it's company policy with all these companies.
When it comes down to the individual stores, it seems that management of that store or
employees just don't how I say don't give a shit because I had to deal with
the same thing that Sunday I went looking for a couple games at Circuit
City they expected me to go calling all the stores for the games I said to the
two people standing there that um excuse me this is your job you're supposed to
go looking at the computers for the games as I want I'm here being very nice
about it there's no need for you to be rude to me and don't you know the
following day I called corporate and I gave them my two cents about it yeah I'm
I was told by a game store once when I called in asking if they had a certain game in stock
And it wasn't anything major. I wasn't talking like you know an Xbox 360 or Halo 2 or something
I called in asking if a game was in stock
And I was told I'm busy right now come down and look and see if we have it on the shelves and needless to say
I bought the game at their competitor across town
Because it was a lot nicer when I called they checked you know
It's just that's the reality of what happens bad customer service is lost business, but yeah, right again again
we can't we can't go quoting who's who's what company policy we can't let one
worker be ruin the reputation of entire company either so I'm just gonna say for
anybody I know we probably have a lot of people that listen that work at these
type of places and it could be anything from the GameStop EB stores to Best Buy
Office Depot staples to mom-pop stores whatever keep in mind that it might be
inconvenience sometimes but bad customer service leads to lost business leads to
your store getting closed and you getting laid off and that's one of the
reasons why one of the guys at my job got fired on Tuesday yeah it's too bad
all right well we got to let you go to get more calls in but thank you so much
sure no problem much love bye okay hugs and kisses bye bye
right back at you all right we'll do one more call somebody wants to call in on
our skype line it's www.orangelaungeradio.com click on interact with us or our phone number
916-226-9067 in the meantime does anybody have any last minute stories they wanted to
get off their chest here in studio oh is that a big no oh yes dark soccer had a mic to her
mouth first i just i was gonna say oh okay then loki oh nope cut off by the skype call
here we go hi you're on orange lounge radio who's this hi this is speaker kerry i am sorry
I just got back on vacation from the Philippines, and the thing is I spent a lot of time in
the arcades over there, and one thing I noticed, the social environment over there is much
more lively than it is over here.
Well, like, okay, it's not just the hardcore gamers that are always there, that are there
all the time.
there'd be like families and you know usually people that you wouldn't consider gamers that
are hanging around like playing the games or just having fun. Why do you think families are more
apt to play games together in the Philippines than they are here? Well you know what honestly
I think it's because of the social economic conditions because most of these families
can't really afford say like a console a home console but also at the same time these these
Arcades are making a lot more money than the arcades that we have over here, yet their
games are like dirt cheap.
Like for example, I was playing Cup Cup Zero for like 25 cents a game.
Well very interesting perspective, I gotta let you go buddy because you're a little quiet
but thanks so much for calling in to us tonight.
Have a good one.
You know this reminds me of back when my parents used to take me down to Chuck E. Cheese back
before it was all neon lights and ball bins and it was actually just pizza and arcade
Um, and that's you know, they would totally take me down there and we'd play games and stuff together as a family
You know everybody would you know go and play different video games and not my mom
She'd hand me a roll of quarters and go sit in the corner. She'll have fun kid
My mom hates our my mom hates video games
but she she always kind of like every time something interesting happens with our show like, you know last year when we won the
Podcast award or we were on you know
You guys are on the news and I think we were all on it at one point two or in the paper
Remember that those little things that happen my mom always kind of goes, huh?
Like kind of one of those. Wow. I always told him that would never amount to anything boy was I wrong
But that makes me feel good
In a pen. I still don't think it's amounted to much yet until we get actually a paycheck. I guess that's true
What you know what though I in the audience we have is so awesome that I feel rewarded
Anyway, one more call on Skype then we'll wrap it up higher on orange launch radio. Who's this?
Hi, what's on your mind? You're a little quiet so I'm just going to let you get your thoughts
out and we'll respond.
Alright, I just wanted to really talk about the arcades because I just came back from
Japan two weeks ago and I wanted to talk about the arcades over there compared to the arcades
here.
What was the comparison you made?
I'm sorry, repeat that?
What was the comparison you made?
I just wanted to talk about the arcades in Japan and America because the arcades in Japan
are a whole lot busier, and there's a lot more focus on different styles of gaming.
And the UFO catchers, like the crane games, are a lot bigger over there too.
It's just crazy how much more stuff they have there compared to what we have here.
Why do you think it's different?
I think a lot of it has to do with the fact that the population density in Japan is so
much bigger, and I think that that kind of makes it more possible for lots of people
to go to one place.
Well very interesting perspective.
We appreciate the phone call.
Have a good one.
Okay?
All right.
Thank you.
Later.
Bye bye.
I think that was actually a very good point.
Just with, you know, it's actually pretty commonplace for someone to get off work and
then go to a game center or for, you know, children after school to go to the game center
or spend their Sundays there since school's on Saturday too, but I mean I think that that's
actually because it's so integrated into everything and it has been for so long I think that
that is a good reason why it's you know surviving there's a new game center going up
by us by a local theater that we have up um in aldrod hills there's a new gaming center going on
down there which i'm not sure it almost looks like it could be a console gaming center which i'm kind
of interested to check out they don't have it built yet but we'll see going in all right any
of the last minute stories um i was just gonna mention like one thing real quick um there was
There's a report about the Xbox 360 branded ecstasy popping up in the UK, I thought that
was kind of funny.
Right.
There's a new type of ecstasy that they're calling Xbox 360 pills.
So jump in.
Exactly.
Well, I guess that's about going to wrap it up then for this week's edition of Orange
Lounge Radio.
We really appreciate you guys tuning in to us and supporting independent radio.
guys rock. Let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts. Loki, your final thought.
I'm going to try to play more ChromeHounds this week because I've only been playing the
training missions and needing a lot more parts to actually make a mech so I can go play online.
I've been really trying to play more online games. My final thought is big thanks to Miklotov
for being a special guest on the show tonight, even though we might get some angry emails
from what he said in the first half, but that's alright. Freedom of speech, right? And I want
to say I have to I have to catch him up in level on Wow because he's an addict
I'm supposed to mention it with Annie yes someone posted or you're supposed to
mention actually according to the chair someone posted a link to some OL our
card game that they're working on poo poos eater you guys are crazy but I love
you dark soccer your final thought my final thought is two parts the first one
is always reject false icons second is define yourself don't let the world
find you oh you're such the mommy sometimes but I like it it has to do
you leave you leave good moral messages for the youth of America that stuff
going on so that is very important right now understand all right well that's it
guys we'll see you next week we are back on Sunday night six o'clock and we'll
see you next time a new podcast folks stay tuned to our podcast feed and have
Have a great week, keep on gaming, don't be a dick.
