Orange Lounge Radio
We're your hosts, Dark Sakura, Sky, and Molochi
Tonight, Sony stirs up major controversy with a new billboard,
Nintendo gives President Bush a birthday present,
and does Microsoft have some secret Christmas plans?
Hello everybody and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
This is episode number 190 for this July the 8th of 2006.
We're taping a day early this week.
I've had all these screwed up travel plans these past couple weeks and it's kind of been
screwing up the taping schedule of the show.
My name is Rob Roberts, you might know me as Sky and I'm here to talk about video games
with you guys and not here tonight is Dark Sakura. She's actually on assignment. She's
going to call us a little later in the show and tell us about where she's at and what
she's doing. However, say hello to the one and only Loki who is here tonight.
Yes, I am.
How you doing?
I'm doing good.
Good. Also with us tonight, we do have a special guest because it might get kind of boring
if it's just Loki and I. So we brought on our good buddy, Shane. How you doing?
I'm doing good.
Also known as Miklotov.
Yep.
And now Shane is actually, he's being hardcore tonight. He's actually playing a game during
the show.
multi-tasking. I'm hardcore every show. You usually play games too, don't you? Well, you
do them on break. I'll be doing the music break and then he'll come back. Sometimes
because you yell at me if I play them during the show. Well, because it gets distracting.
Even this is distracting. You just turn it down. I don't know how to work a Mac. He's
playing on my Mac. Poor portion. What are you playing? You're playing World of Warcraft,
right? I'm playing World of Warcraft. Fun. Alright, we're going to get into the show
real quick, but just first a couple of housekeeping announcements.
Of course, we are taping a day early this week.
We are live on Saturday, not Sunday, so if you'd like to join us, if you're listening
live to orangelauntrader.com right now on this Saturday evening, head on over to our
chat room, orangelauntrader.com, click on chat.
We will be back to our regular taping schedules next week, so Sunday the 16th at 6 p.m. Pacific
Time.
We're taping live on our station, orangelauntrader.com, but of course, you can always catch up via
our podcast feed which is also at orangelountrader.com
also tonight it's only gonna be a one-part show there's not gonna be a
part B this week
but just like last week I mean it ended up being like at least an hour and a
half if not more so that's probably what tonight's show is gonna end up being a little
bit of too
so let's get it started we always like to start off with
what we've been playing this week. Loki, what kind of video games have you been playing this week?
I've been trying to finish Blazing Angels the entire game
and I have six out of seven achievements that's all that matters
I've already beaten the game, and I can tell you this much, the game SUCKS really bad.
Why do you keep playing?
I got it for free, and I want to finish the achievement points before I send it back to
its used game grave at GameStop.
But it's one of those games I did not buy, so I'm glad I didn't waste the money on it.
When I saw it, when it was coming out, I was like, oh hey, you know that looks pretty cool.
There's nothing like them, the 360, and no, I'll wait for the next one, because this one,
I don't know, it just wasn't that fun, it was kind of, all the missions are basically
the same, and some, like the missions are pretty similar difficulties, and then some
are just like way out there, like way too damn hard, and I don't get why they did that.
And then it goes like super easy afterwards, so whatever.
But I'm almost done, all I gotta do now is I have to play through these standard arcade
modes which you have to play with 32 different planes. I have to play it 32 times all the
way through and basically you take on like 4 different waves of planes and it's really
boring. But once I do that I'll have the last achievement. So that's all that matters. And
I don't know if the multiplayer online is any good but I know the multiplayer split
screen is kind of lame. So I don't know. It'll be worth checking out. I did also get to play
the ChromeHounds demo which is pretty awesome and unfortunately the mechs are pretty slow
in it so I did play a little bit more of that. Can't wait for the final game to come out
I think this week. And then Prey also played some of that. That game reminds me so much
of Duke Nukem 3D. It's just crazy. They actually have inside the arcade where you first start
off in the bar. There's an arcade game that's like Pac-Man and you can actually play the
arcade game in there, which is kinda neat. So, very interactive, just like Duke Nukem
3D, and kinda similar to Doom 3 in how dark and, you know, just kinda the way the game
is. But uh, should be good. Waiting for August though, when all the good games come out.
Like what are you looking forward to in August specifically?
Dead Rising, Saints Row, Enchanted Arms, um, those are pretty much the three I think that
I wanna pick up, yeah. Alright, very cool.
My gaming week I was in Canada most of the week on vacation
So I took a vacation from you know the internet and gaming a lot in general
But I did buy a new PSP game for the flight down there. I bought
Gradius collection on PSP
Which I got to play a little bit of when I was at Konami gamers day earlier this year
But I didn't get to do a whole lot in depth with it
So I'm glad I got to spend more time with it and really play most of the games and a lot of the Gradius games
I never really played
I had not really played Gradius Gaiden, which is included on there, and I really like that one.
That's actually probably my favorite Gradius in the collection,
and Gradius 4 I don't think I've ever played before.
I've played 5, I've played 3, I've played 2 on emulators because it was only out in Japan, I believe.
But now I've gotten a chance to play all the Gradius games, and it makes a good collection.
You know, they enhanced Gradius 1 and 2 a little bit so that it's widescreen.
screen. It's not perfectly the PSP's resolution, you can downsize it to the
regular resolution, but it works well on the widescreen. You don't feel like the
game stretched or anything like that. The game plays pretty smoothly. I would say
my favorite game out of the bunch is Gradius Gaiden, probably Gradius 3, my
least favorite, just because I don't like the way that game starts. I don't
like the first stage in it. The difficulty curve in that one
seems to be a lot higher than the other games, but it's a good game for
rekindling all your favorite Gradius memories, like, you know, oh it's the
Easter Island heads and all that stuff.
The only other thing that probably bothered me about the game was the price, it was $39.99
for the game.
And while it's a real great, you know, it's still a pretty good value, it's kind of surprising
that old games are demanding $40, but I guess it's just because you get so many of them
and they did rehash it.
It's a good buy, I would recommend it, especially if you're into shooters, because it's a good
no attention span shooter.
You know, you just pick it up, go, have fun with it.
I also like that you can save your progress anywhere, so you can just save and come back
later instead of having to start over every time like the old versions of Gradius.
The other disappointment is that I don't see Salamander unless it's an unlock.
I need to check Game Facts to see if maybe I just haven't unlocked it yet because I haven't
actually beat any of the Gradius games yet while I've had it because I keep having ADD,
I go back and forth to all the different games.
And I couldn't get the up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, BA code to work
mainly because there is no BA buttons on the PSP, but I press what I think would be BA,
it doesn't seem to work because when you pause the game it actually takes you
into a menu so I'm thinking that might be why it doesn't work so maybe I need
to read up on the cheats for that one because who didn't do the up up down
down at least once on the original Gradius on the NES come on give you all
the power-ups it was great but you remember the Super Nintendo one would
mess with you if you did that it would actually blow up your ship but if you
use the L and R buttons for left right left right that's how you did it that's
That's a real old fact, old data, I know.
We're here on the cutting edge, giving you the Super Nintendo game tips.
Alright, that's about it, other than World of Warcraft and that stuff.
Shane, what have you been playing this week?
World of Warcraft.
Is that it?
No, it's not it.
I've been playing fun things at work as normal.
Yeah, but you can't talk about those things.
No, but I had a good time with them this week.
So Konami's got some good stuff coming out?
Who knows, except for me and people that work there in Konami.
Then I also played some Awendon this week, because I love that game a lot.
And my computer at home broke, so I can't play WoW there, so to pass the time, I downloaded
Bejeweled 2 on Xbox Live Arcade, and that game, I always love Bejeweled, and I don't
I don't think it works too well on the 360, but it's got really good music, so it was
worth it.
I think it's pretty.
I'll give it that.
The game?
Or the music?
The game.
It looks nice on HD and all that good stuff.
It looks nice, but it's not as easy to play because, you know, when you play it on computer
you have your mouse and you can go really quick to whatever little jewel you want to
swap.
But in this one you have to move up three times and left three times.
So I don't think it plays well, but the music's really good.
And I guess the only other thing I've done this week is at work we follow certain sites.
Can I say that site right there?
I don't know.
Yeah, that's fine.
Okay.
We follow the Game Facts Best Series Ever contest and we put money on it.
So I've been paying very close attention to that this week and I'm very upset by what's
going on today on the poll.
happening today right now?
Halo is losing to Castlevania, and I picked Halo to win over Castlevania.
They do those little, like, tournaments once in a while, like, I know they do the best
video game characters.
It's like $130 at work is on the line here.
Halo is like, what, two games, I wouldn't really call that a series, I mean, granted
there's a third game coming out, but that's not much of a series, where Castlevania...
Well, they're only two of the most popular games of all time.
Yeah, but how many systems has Castlevania been on, versus, you know, how many systems
has Halo been on?
Well yeah, I would vote Castlevania, personally, but that's just because...
Yeah, I would have too, but you have to think, okay, these people that come to the site,
what do they like more?
And I thought maybe they like Halo more.
I was wrong.
Apparently they like Fire Emblem more than Silent Hill, because they're idiots.
What?
Fire Emblem more than Silent Hill?
Yeah, we had one person in our bedding pool that picked Fire Emblem, and the rest of us
picked Silent Hill, so we all got screwed over there too, and I'm gonna drop today now
because of Halo sucking so much.
doesn't suck, you're just bitter. Sadly, that doesn't surprise me, though, that Fire Emblem
beat Silent Hill.
Those to me, but whatever.
Interesting. Oh, I'm looking in our chat room over at orange-os-ready.com, click on chat,
and gk128, I guess, is in some sort of betting pool, too. He says, Halo's lost, fuck me,
too. I chose Halo to go three rounds.
Oh, that's terrible! Because you know what? Halo wouldn't have won over Kingdom Hearts,
which is the next 2-in. So, no, Halo couldn't make three rounds.
Which series did you pick to win at all?
I had the final two being Final Fantasy and Zelda, and I have Zelda winning.
I don't know, Final Fantasy, a lot of fanboys...
Last year?
Well see, I'm thinking to the betting last year where it was best character, and Link
won over all the Final Fantasy characters, so I'm hoping people aren't stupid.
Yeah, but a lot of Final Fantasy characters are forgettable.
I mean...
Well it was, I believe it was Link vs. Cloud, and come on Final Fantasy 7 person, everybody
loves Final Fantasy 7.
I know, Cloud, Aeris, Sephiroth.
I think it was Sephiroth vs. Cloud for a little bit.
Tidus and Yuna, I mean come on.
I was just trying to use my knowledge from last year because I didn't win last year,
I didn't even come close.
This year I'm doing better though at least.
Cecil from 4?
Who?
Locke the treasure hunter from 6?
I'm not a thief.
Alright, forget it.
I like that girl better.
Alright, so that was our gaming week.
I hope you guys had a good gaming week too, even though I don't think there was a whole
lot of new games this week, so you guys-
There was.
Lord of the Rings, Belle from Mary, the Lord of the Rings 2, and that about it.
I didn't really play it at number one though, so.
Well, this is more of like a PC straight- I don't know, it's not my cup of tea.
Didn't Pirates come out this week too?
It was supposed to come out last week and I think it got delayed to the fifth and yeah
it came out finally.
Really?
Huh.
Legend of Jack Brown.
Not that anybody cares.
It was a decent game.
I mean for a movie.
Pirates of the Caribbean?
Yeah I saw it at E3, they gave us a little demo.
We had a, Bethesda actually like invited us to a thingy and we went to and uh.
It was better than the PSP game I can tell you.
I was more impressed with their Star Trek game they're making but uh you know the Pirates
game seemed pretty solid.
For a movie title, I mean you don't expect you're gonna get like a award winning game
out of some of those movie titles. Actually, some of the ones that are coming out, I think, are going to be pretty decent.
Like, Scarface? That looks almost
like they're beating Vice City at their own game. Really?
Well, Vice City ripped off from Scarface anyways, but this looks really damn
good. I mean, I don't know. I'm going to probably check it out
when it comes out in September. And of course, Reservoir Dogs.
That's got me interested now that they explain why it was banned in Australia.
No, uh, where's my Kill Bill game?
Why was it banned?
Where's your Y game?
Do you listen to this show?
Just out of curiosity?
Ever?
No.
Where's your Y game?
Kill Bill.
Kill Bill?
Yeah.
Um...
Red Steel.
Red Steel's probably close enough.
Turn off all the color on your TV and then play like, um, some really gory game and there
you go, there's your Kill Bill game.
Uh, Misty in our chatroom says, who needs new games?
I've been playing the hell out of Emerald and Tetris World's on GBA.
JeremyTod1 wants to know if Battle for Middle Earth 2 is any good. He's thinking about getting it for PC. How's the first one and like that?
Well, it got pretty decent reviews. Like I said though, it doesn't really look that... I used to love RTS games.
Especially Command & Conquer series. But I think I liked it mainly because I could use... I could cheat and make my own characters almost.
almost. And I think that was more fun to me than actually playing through the game. But
I do like, I love the online from like Red Alert. That was my favorite game. I, you know,
back in the day when you'd have to call somebody over the phone, you know, to actually establish
a direct connection with them, you know, not this over the internet crap, you know, over
the modem. Back in my day. And, you know, that was really fun. It was really fun to
play that game. But, you know, nowadays, I don't know, Battle for the Miller 2, I'm not
really that big of a Lord of Rings fan and so I don't know, maybe a rental?
Bandit sent me a private message in chat saying he had a great gaming week, his local arcade
just got DDR Supernova and his legs are killing him, it's definitely worth it.
I guess DDR Supernova is starting to get into arcades there and of course I know a large
part of our fanbase has followed us from the Bomani days when we talked a lot about those
type of games and of course I'm definitely looking forward to checking out the final
build of Dance Dance Revolution Supernova.
We just got them in the bay at the Golf Lands but of course we've had it at Konami forever
And I'm curious to hear what people think of the timing, because I haven't played it
enough to really figure out if it's bad or not, but I'm hearing reports that it's pretty
dang terrible, so if anybody has played it, like that one guy whoever you just said, I
would be interested in hearing what he has to say.
Alright, well let's get into some gaming news and we'll come back to chatroom comments a
little later.
I did want to point out real fast, I did look up Gradius on game facts and I don't see anything
about there being the hidden game.
So that kind of disappoints me that they don't have Salamander locked away in it.
That makes me kind of sad.
Anyway let's get into some news.
This made a lot of people sad this week.
Certainly was a polarizing topic in the gaming community.
You might have heard Sony actually put out an ad for their ceramic white PSP.
Now the ad actually only ran on billboards in the Netherlands, but of course thanks to
the internet the image has circulated worldwide.
And if you haven't seen the image yet, go to just about any major gaming site.
You can see a picture of this.
It's basically a white woman with white hair wearing a white outfit kind of grabbing this
black woman with black hair and a black outfit kind of grabbing her by the cheek or something
like that.
It looks like she's got this very menacing threatening look on her face and it just says
PlayStation Portable White is coming.
And of course people are mad because this is a racist image and why are they doing this
and even politicians over here are starting to get into the whole thing.
Let's see the Sony spokesperson responded to this speaking to the website gamesindustry.biz.
The marketing campaign for the launch of the white PSP focuses on the contrast between
the black PSP model and the new ceramic white PSP model.
A variety of different treatments have been created as a campaign to either highlight
the whiteness of the new model or contrast the black and white models.
Central to this campaign has been the creation of some stunningly photographed imagery that
has been used on large billboards throughout Holland.
All of the 100 or so images created for the campaign have been designed to show this contrast
and colors of the PSPs and have no other messages or purpose."
Hmm, what do you guys think of this?
I think people are stupid for reacting about it.
Really?
Yeah, really.
I think it's retarded.
And in fact, some of the other pictures that they showed weren't that bad.
I mean, they showed, like, you know, cut in half and basically one's white, one's black
not necessarily showing the women, you know, poking each other or whatever.
But it's a fucking ad in another country, and the thing that pisses me off the most
is when politicians over here going, I don't want to see that in my neighborhood. Well
your neighborhood isn't all the way over in fucking, you know, what, Denmark is where
it was? I mean, it's stupid that, especially Congressman Yee. That guy's a dumbass and
needs to shut up. Why? Because he's making a political statement about something that's
in another country. They'll do what they fucking want. They have nudity on television over
in the UK. You don't see them going, oh my God, oh my God, two people of different color.
I have never seen that in my entire life, and oh my god, it's so racist.
To be a devil's advocate here for a minute, though, Sony, I mean, just, you know, I'm
not really sure how I feel about this, I don't, I think the image is a little odd, and it
doesn't exactly make me excited about the, you know, I kind of go, well that's certainly
going to get attention, which I guess an advertising campaign is supposed to do, but it's kind
of one of those, you know, I wouldn't put an image like that out advertising Orange
launch radio that's for sure worst thing about that images what that Europe's
getting the white PSP and we're not that made me angry that's the only thing that
well okay my point though is that Sony is a worldwide company though and they
do release products here in the United States and granted you know when they're
gonna do something like this thanks to the internet you know this image has
made it worldwide it's gonna show up in magazines here you know and think not
not as an ad but just the buzz about it and Sony being a worldwide company who
who does put out products here, you know.
Wow, yeah, it's such a wonderful advertising campaign.
Like the last one with the really annoying,
sketchy squirrels and dust balls that talked about the PSP.
Oh yeah, it made me wanna really go out and buy a PSP.
Just like this one, this does not make me wanna go out
and buy a PSP.
They really need to cut off the cancerous PR department
of Sony, that's what the really, the problem stems from.
It's just, people that get to do the advertising
are retarded.
I think this advertisement's actually OK.
It really doesn't bother me.
And like a couple of my co-workers,
when we saw that ad, the first time
we just kind of looked at it not very intensely,
I didn't even see the black woman there, actually.
I was like, oh, a white chick advertising the PSP.
What's racist about that?
Oh, there's somebody else in there.
Well, there's another ad, that one
that they showed, which they said
there was 100 different images that they have.
One of them has a black chick basically kind of doing
same thing to the white chick but just kind of like hold her down like they're
gonna fight
that's all it really kind of comes out to so very interesting and i notice in
our chat room we have grin without a cat says there's other images with the black
woman is the dominant one so is this a case of the media's just selectively
exactly out of their images oh i see it and there's some that aren't like not
even really that bad i mean so i don't understand interesting
if you think the media just latched onto this one image and now it's become this big
misunderstanding because they hassled newsweek and they really need something
to talk about
interesting perspective
uh...
going to the chat room funny dale says thank god sony never released the psp in
yellow
away
i want to say stuff alright anyway that i won't all right so anyway
uh... some striking imagery they're definitely uh...
provoking reaction which i guess an ad campaign supposed to do but is it
ethical that's the question
so uh... definitely looking for your feedback we definitely want to get your
feedback on this issue
and we'll tell you a little more information on how you can do that a little later in the
program.
It wouldn't be the first time that their advertising campaigns have bombed or even
the people that do their advertising for them.
For example, there's been an Apple logo that's been spotted on the official Playstation
3 website and people are going, what the hell is this?
Why is there an Apple logo on there?
Well, come to find out after people have disassembled the Flash file that was there, they found
out that Sony had blatantly ripped off something that was on, I guess, Apple's site for the
Apple iPod. And it actually had the logo with the smoke coming down and apparently either
what the thought is that the people that are doing the advertising or the website for Sony
for PlayStation 3 are the same ones that did the website for the Apple iPod and that they
just kind of reuse their resources that they had for this.
Well, that of course has been fixed and still no official word from Sony about what their
PR firm did.
But it's still kind of funny seeing an Apple logo on there.
And you know, I don't know.
Another speculation was that they were using some Apple software, a product called Apple
shake to create the file, and they were using a beta, not beta, but a demo version that
wasn't allowed, you know, so it kept a watermark on there.
That to me is incredibly funny, like, yeah, I'd read that theory too that they were using
the trial software, that's funny.
Because Sony never steals from anybody, ever.
Okay, look, though, come on, I mean...
It's their PR firm, I know it has nothing to do with Sony.
No, no, I know it's easy to pick on Sony in this day and age after E3, but come on, I
who you either have apples or pcs at your you know place of employment even sony probably
but this is a computer thing is though is it's actually from you know it's it's from
like an actual flash file from looks like the ipod site in fact they've disassembled
it taking that part out of the background which is like the smoke effect looks like
smoke dropping from the ceiling kind of rolling along the ground stuff and they've taken out
and just that one section they've isolated and it's clearly stolen from something
Well maybe that's just a stock effect in the program
no it's something clearly stolen from something else and interesting so
somebody is in trouble but it's just kind of sloppy
whatever it is funny though people are speculating oh my god what if the
adults and apples with no not gonna happen uh somebody in our
chat room uh tiger claw reminded me of something i
I was supposed to mention earlier during the last story about the ad is that control-alt-delete the comic ran a pretty funny
response to the ad that had a
Skinny white guy and a fat white guy and it was an ad for the DS lite get it
So I thought that was pretty funny. That's creative marketing. Oh, well, that's just it was real. It's a creative response and
a very interesting comic
And you should get something like a DS on an operating table with like a liposuction
Tube and then like that would be a good advertising campaign or like a picture of you know
Oprah when she was big and Oprah when she was skinnier and I don't ever do this last weight like, you know
Who a Roseanne had the surgery wouldn't we want to see someone that's nice-looking though?
Or what they should have is they should have some guy dressed up in like bondage gear
Bent over and have the giant PSP with like legs and arms
You know rated screw them in the ass and just you know ps3. It's coming for you
I don't know the PS goat see it sounds like what you're trying to sell over there. That's disgusting you make me sad ah
speaking of Sony and kicking them while they're down it almost seems like
It looks like Sony has been ordered to pay
243 million dollars in back taxes to the Japanese government these taxes are related to
transactions between the games division and the US subsidiary of the company as well as
overseas transactions relating to CD and DVD making.
Sony had a comment on this.
Sony and SCEI believe that their allocation of income for the periods in question was
appropriate and they have paid the proper amount of taxes in each of the jurisdictions.
Man, these guys just aren't getting a break this year.
The bad news keeps on coming.
It's like beating a dead hooker over and over and over again.
And that's new.
Which you could do in one of their games.
Exactly, but it's also on the Xbox to be fair.
But anyways, that's not really the bad part about it, but analysts are saying that the
PS3 could be third in the next gen console race and mainly the basis of this is that
their brand strength is not enough to get people to spend the $600 on their system.
And it's not like where you had the PlayStation 2 come out at a better time and for a lot
less you know where's that kind of fuel the whole DVD you know launch now what
nowadays it's like you know do you really need blu-ray I mean I don't know
I don't he believes we do Sony would like you to think that you need only
already thinks we need you and here's the thing though I mean my thought on it
is blu-ray I don't need it and I don't need HD DVD either so I mean not really
a fault in Sony for you know bringing on the blu-ray because you can use that for
games and stuff, that's fine to have their own proprietary format for the games, so even
if it doesn't work as a DVD, you know, video system or whatever, it'll still work for their
games.
Well, the same goes with HD DVD, I don't think I need that either, so.
Yeah, I don't mind, I would benefit from an HD DVD player or even Blu-Ray, but when the
price is right, and that's my issue.
My issue with Sony right now is that, you know, like the name for Nintendo's new system,
I've gotten almost over the fact that the only model worth getting is the $600 one.
They just haven't shown anything that's going to be out anytime soon that looks even remotely
interesting.
I just look at the launch list and I'm like, so what?
And in fact, there was like a game like, for example, I was like, ooh, Full Auto 2, ooh,
I got a, you know, that's a really good, you know, I love Full Auto, you know, almost,
you know, maybe I should get the system for that.
Oh wait, Full Auto 2 is coming out for the Xbox 360 later on.
Okay, well I don't need to get the system.
You know, what do they have that's exclusive?
Motorstorm?
Meh.
Lame.
Maybe they'll have Fantavision 2 and then I'll actually have a review of it.
Metal Gear Solid 4 and Final Fantasy 13.
Are they going to be launched?
No, but they're great.
I'm just saying you will have to get a PS3 eventually if you want to play this game.
When it goes down in price.
You hope.
Xbox 360's been out a year and hasn't gone out and down in price.
You know, I don't think that it's going to drop in price anytime soon, and you know,
until there's some better games out there, I'm not buying one.
But you know what?
I mean, they could totally pull it out and say, you know, they could have some big secret
stuff that they're not talking about and that would be, you know, really amazing.
Well it ain't the Eye of Judgment.
That is the worst idea.
I don't...
It was that card game, right?
It's not...
Yeah, it's the card game.
Here's the thing about the Eye of Judgment.
I don't know how the hell they're going to execute this because, to be honest, the eye
toy sucks for, you know, that type of gameplay and the way that they're set up and they have
this like really elaborate like frame that this camera was in I don't see how
it's gonna be possible to do this even reasonably why you would want to do this
in the first place it just it was a great idea like as it like a proof of
concept thing but as a game I don't see it happening I don't I don't get how
they're gonna do it a chat room wanted to correct me on something Xbox 360 is
actually only been out nine months not a year but the price okay well the price
isn't gonna drop by November either so we don't I mean as far as we know it's
The only reason it would have had to is if PS3 announced it was coming out for $4.99
or $3.99, whatever the Xbox 360 is.
I don't think they're not going to drop the price of the 360.
If anything, they may drop it later, like once the first quarter comes around next year,
but they might drop the price of the Xbox.
Banda makes an interesting comment in her chat room.
I want a PS3 for the games too, but Sony doesn't want to make a console just for games.
If it weren't for that damn Blu-ray crap, I like, um, the PS3 is gonna be sold more
as your living room centerpiece, you know, it's your movie, game, internet, picture,
I don't know, system.
Do you think that's gonna win Sony any points from people, or?
No.
Not at all.
Wow.
Okay.
Well, here's the thing, I mean, look, I have a PSP as well, and what do I use it for?
I use it for games.
I don't... I don't have any pictures on it. I don't have any
movies on it. Okay, but I've heard from listeners who download our show on
their PSP. We have the PSP websites which are pretty kick-butt, so
some people out there are getting used to some of the other functions of the PSP.
I like the web stuff on the PSP. You know what's funny too about the whole PS3 thing?
It's still floating around out there that they're saying that
you know it's possible that Sony may do that
you know thing to eliminate used game sales. You know, where they're gonna make a picture.
I don't buy it.
Well, they're trying to push really for digital distribution and I really think they're trying
it out with this PSP emulation thing and if it works well for that, they're going to move
it to the...
I bet you actually that's probably going to be on the PS3 when that comes out.
All right, let's keep it moving here.
I want to talk about this on the PSP.
I think it's actually a pretty cool idea here.
This was a story that ran on Kotaku, a graduate student, Jonas Heilscher, put together this
interesting piece that he put on YouTube that is this game where you go around
and you're looking for access points and as you collect the access points you get
a distinct color shape or sound based based on whatever that MAC address is of
the point that you find and what you do is you fill this three by three grid
with shapes trying to get three in a row as you find the points now if you ever
get an unsecure access point though it might wipe the grid clean or act as a
wild card. So basically the game encourages you to
get out and walk, which I think is a neat idea.
But that's kind of a cool concept for a game. I mean it's just
it's nothing that I don't think would ever be sold, but you know, it's a cute tech demo
idea.
Well, that reminds me of like when they were going to release a GPS thing.
Yeah, geocaching. It made me think of that too. That would be a great idea for the PSP. I think that would be a
lot of fun.
Like, can you imagine like, okay, this might sound really cheesy, but like take like one of
those TV shows like Treasure Hunters The Game
or something that could rely on geocaching, not that you would really
travel around the world for real, but maybe something that interacts with the
geocache to kind of
encourage people to go outside and use their PSPs and kind of
interact in a whole different way.
I think that would be a neat idea. But the screen sucks outside,
I think. Yeah, that's a good point. The LCD screens really do suck. Can't you get
something, though, that kind of helps that? An umbrella?
Well, if you design the lighting and everything correctly, it might
work okay. It does require firmware 2.0 to play, and they do plan on putting it on their
site in the near future. It's pixel6.org, so check it out. The name of the game is Colectic.
So that's actually pretty cool. And, you know, kind of, you know, back to what we were talking
about before, both Sega and Ubisoft want the PSP, or not the PSP, the PS3 to drop in price.
They're basically saying that it's too expensive and they're worried that because it is so
expensive that it might not be competitive enough with the Xbox 360 and not as many units
may sell.
And of course that affects them, especially when they're releasing games on those consoles
because they're unable to make as many or sell as many on that system.
I think that's a shared sentiment from everybody that they want the price to drop.
um, crazy Sony guy, I forget his name, Kaz Harai or whatever, didn't he say that he's
not even guaranteeing that the price of games would be $59.99 or whatever?
Yeah, yeah, he's saying it could be more.
It could be, but uh, you know, that's not a good way to sell your console.
Let them worry about that later.
It's not a console, it's a media center.
Oh, I'm sorry, but um, yeah, so, interesting.
Alright, let's switch consoles for a minute here.
Let's go over and talk about the Nintendo Wii.
This shouldn't be a surprise to anybody.
A lot of people like to joke about the power brick that comes with the Xbox 360, because
that thing is huge.
Well, pictures have leaked of the Wii's power supply, and it's not so big.
But it's about the size of the GameCube power supply.
But honestly, is this a huge surprise, considering that the Wii is not going to be running on
nearly the same type of hardware as the Xbox 360?
I wouldn't be surprised if it was running on the same power supply as the GameCube.
Mmm, interesting thought.
Except it's you know, it's a different color because you know, they didn't have white but it's just like, you know, it's just like the
Was it the PlayStation 2 how you can use all the audio cables and video cables with?
The PlayStation 1 hell those Nintendo cables you can use
I think it's the same cables for Super Nintendo all the way through GameCube. You can use that same AV thing. Yeah
Yeah, that's pretty cool. That's the way to do it. I think
Well, I mean, it's just an AV cable
I mean that that kind of technology doesn't change
But what is interesting is even though we know that the Wii is not going to support high def
720 or whatever, maybe they'll still release you know
Red green blue
Progressive. Yeah. Well, what it component. Thank you component. Maybe they'll still release component cables
This isn't gamecube for a little while have component cables
Well, they're just really hard to come by even on the Xbox remember the Xbox some of the games were actually 720p very few
Very few, but still, I mean, I would like to see, you know, sure their focus is not
going to be high def, but if someone wants to do a high def game, to maybe allow some
way to do that.
I think that would be kind of cool.
I don't know.
Because I remember some of the games for the GameCube were progressive scan as well, so.
Very, yeah, well, you had a few that were widescreen at least, like F-Zero is pretty
kick ass.
Yeah, so I don't know, I think...
But it's not, because I don't have component cables for the GameCube, because they're so
freaking hard to find, I still don't have them.
I have a digital out on the GameCube, but I just don't have those cables.
You know, F-Zero just doesn't look as good as, you know, even an Xbox game that did have
the component cables, so, I don't know.
Alright, speaking of Nintendo, there was announcements made about their brand new line of games that's
going to be coming out. Kind of like the Touch Generations whereas those were not really
games per say but more of kind of for everybody type stuff. You know where Nintendogs and
Brain Training etc. Well now they have a brand new lineup called Bit Generations and these
actually look pretty sweet. Included in that are going to be puzzle and rhythm games designed
for the Game Boy Advance, including Dotstream, Boldish, Dialex, Digidrive, Orbital, Coloris,
and Sound Voyager.
And they're all really simple looking games, but they all look really cool actually and
pretty fun to play.
And they're going to be for about $25 an American and will ship in the second and fourth weeks
in July in Japan.
Some other new games are coming out for the DS, not just the DS but the PSP, and they're
coming from one of my favorite developers, Q Entertainment.
You know I love Luminous and Meteos, those are two of my favorite games that came out
last year.
Well, there are new games coming out, and I'm not talking about Luminous 2 or every
Xtend Xtra, I'm talking about some other stuff.
Famitsu Magazine is reporting that Bandai Namco is going to be publishing two new Q
Entertainment games.
One is going to be out for the PSP, and it's called Gun PR, it's short for Gun P Reverse,
The DS is going to get a game that translates to the name Connect the Sounds Gunpee Reverse.
Both are music-based puzzle games and they're based on a 1999 WonderSwan game called Gunpee.
Too bad Jamie's not here because she'd probably actually know that one because I never owned
a WonderSwan but she did.
I do have a WonderSwan thanks to a gracious listener but I have one game for it.
I don't really play a lot of WonderSwan games.
Maybe I should check this one out though.
for those that haven't played it, it's got square pieces and they all have a diagonal
line and it rises from the bottom of the screen to the top.
You move the pieces up and down, trying to get a line going from left to right.
The panels will then disappear if you do this.
The game ends early if the pieces get to the top of the field.
On the PSP version, there will be emphasis on music and video, kind of like Luminous,
it had skins but on the DS it's going to be more you know stylus emphasized and
as a little as opposed to having the skins however the game will still make
sounds when you clear panel and it'll try to line up the sounds of the
background music so that should be interesting it sounds a lot like that
game it's a pop cap game it's the fireworks with the it's like a festival
game with the fireworks I can't remember the name of it now I'm sure someone
No idea. I'm sure someone in chat has it. It's a little different though. You turn these,
but you're trying to line things up from left to right, and when you do that these fireworks
go off and you get points. Well that might be a cheesy game. It might be a cool game for
our latest Nintendo DS owner here. President Bush was actually given a Nintendo DS and brain training
for his 60th birthday. I wonder what Nintendo's trying to tell him. That he's stupid. And they
attached the letter to it and says don't worry turning 60 is an exciting milestone as you know you've joined the millions of
other baby boomers in an
Invigorating new decade of your life and like many boomers you may be looking for ways to keep your mind sharp
That's where we come in
Please accept our gift of a new Nintendo DS light and a copy of brain age train your brain in minutes a day
And what do you think actually ended up happening to that?
that. Threw it away. It probably went to somebody else. Well maybe he gave it to one of his
daughters or something. I don't know. You'd think maybe he'd try it once. He might. He's
you know a normal guy despite you know the fact I disagree with the politics or whatever
he seems to be a normal guy. Well he has a lot of time on. Maybe he'll check it out.
Something to do on Air Force One I don't know. Alright who knows. It's actually a super secret
spy device to find out what's going on. Jeremy Todd One in our chat room seems to think President
Bush probably won't even be able to turn the damn DS Lite on.
Hahaha, that's true.
You guys are harsh.
I don't get these fangled computer things, heh heh heh.
Alright, now if you are craving for some new games, we have some release dates for you,
and I'm gonna start it off, I know Jamie's not here tonight, but I don't want to neglect
the UK audience, because we have some awesome UK listeners.
You know, I think next year, I know I keep saying I want to go to Australia, but I'm
torn.
I either want to go to Australia or I want to go to the UK, one of the two.
So I'll probably do one next year and then one the year after that, and that's assuming
I'm rich.
So we'll see.
Anyway, here's some release dates here for the UK.
You guys have coming out on the 14th, you have Cars coming out on some various platforms,
everything from GameCube, PS2, and Xbox, all the way to PC and portable platforms as well.
Also coming out, Pirates of the Caribbean, The Legend of Jack Sparrow on PC and PlayStation
2.
And of course, again, a lot of people are looking forward to Prey coming out on the
the PC and the Xbox 360 from 2K Games.
If you like Dragon Ball, you have Super Dragon Ball Z coming out on the PlayStation 2 from
Atari, and The Lord of the Rings, The Battle for Middle Earth 2 is coming out on the Xbox
360.
Looking ahead a little bit to the week of the 21st, you guys are getting in the UK Def
Jam Fight for New York, the takeover on the PSP, Infected on the PSP, and Field Commander
on the PSP from Ubisoft.
Also coming out for the PlayStation 2, World Super Police.
week next week in the UK for Sony.
Yeah, lots of stuff for the US too, especially if you have a 360.
You're going to be getting Prey, of course, awesome game.
ChromeHounds, also on the 360, and then finally, if you don't have a 360, they have Sprint
Cars or the Knoxville, which is, I don't know, a game you probably won't want to pick up.
Of course, the following week, you've got, you know, lots of stuff, NCA Football 2007,
Of course on Playstation 2, Xbox, Xbox 360 and PSP, if you're a football fan.
Monster House, you know, that coincided with the movie release on Playstation 2 and GameCube.
Super Dragon Ball Z on the Playstation 2.
Let's see, Painkiller on the Xbox.
And of course, what was it, Xenide on the Xbox.
And it's kind of a cool little shooter game, kind of reminds me of, I don't know, just
It's kind of one of the Japanese shooter games, kind of like Raiden 3 or something.
So lots of cool stuff.
But anyways, beyond all that, we're going to be getting some new stuff, including brand
new Xbox 360 face plates.
It's about time.
You heard it here first guys.
This came straight through my work, because Microsoft is wanting to know how many we need.
The brand new faceplates, I'm going to be starting off with Forza 2, a faceplate designed
specifically for that game, Halo 3, or at least a Halo faceplate is going to be coming
out here, as well as...
In other words, it's just Halo graphics with a number 3 on it.
It doesn't actually say Halo 3 or have the graphics on it, but...
It seems a little early for a Halo 3, but when you consider that Halo 2 is still, you
look at major nelson rankings it's still the number one xbox live game i mean obviously
there's going to be demand for a halo type faceplate exactly and it it's pretty cool
looking and then finally i don't know if you can be excited about this but um these are
pinata boy they're really whoring that franchise they really want that to work don't they hate
that franchise it's kind of like the snakes on the plane thing for me um also there was
a new Wii game announced and I don't know if you're going to be excited by this because
I played the Playstation 2 version of it and I didn't like it too much, but Rampage World
Tour or Total Destruction I mean is going to be...
Where'd you hear that?
Is that another thing?
It's through my work, yeah.
That seems like an odd release, you're right.
That game seems a little dated.
Rampage Total Destruction is going to be coming out on the Wii.
It's going to be $29.99.
Are they going to announce it at all you think?
Probably not.
Not for $29.99.
It's supposed to be out in December and I don't know it I
Didn't like the PlayStation 2 game. I thought that it was very unbalanced and just not very fun to play
But hey, you know what? It's just another game for us. So expect that out in December. All right, any other release date news?
I think that's all I got. That's brand new. But yeah, lots of ps3 games coming. That's for sure. Oh
Oh, it looks like we're getting a call on the Skypline.
Let's go to the Skypline and see who's there.
Hello?
Hello.
Hey, Jamie.
Is that you?
Yeah.
Where are you at?
San Jose.
San Jose.
What's going on in San Jose today?
California Extreme.
It's a big coin-op and pinball convention thing.
I see.
Pinball's there, so that's why you're there, huh?
Yeah.
The husband kidnapped me, but I figured it's good stuff for Orange Lounge.
Yeah.
What's going on down there?
checking out there. Just a bunch of arcade games or what's the deal?
Pretty much old games, new games. They have Mambo and Go Go.
They have actually Hip Hop Mania 2.
There's a couple of DDRs. There's a couple of prototype pinballs that I got to play.
One of them is Kingpin and the other one is Big Bang Bar which our old listeners will know that I've
been into that one for a while.
What exactly do they do at this show? Is this just everybody brings their games
out and people play them or is it trying to sell machines or what are they doing there?
you bring three games you're in as an exhibitor you get in for free
other than that you pay a decent amount to get in like we paid
thirty dollars each just for Saturday. And what do they do? They just let you play games all day?
Pretty much. And there's other little panels going on and different things like that
but really I'm just following all the games around. They actually have
a marquee for a Hercules game which was Atari's biggest pinball machine.
What are some interesting games that you've actually got a chance to play today?
Big Bang Bar.
I just got my butt handed to me on Black Knight 2000, which is one of my favorite machines ever.
I damn played Arabian Nights, which I thought was pretty cool.
It's got a genie and you hit the lamp and it turns around and you get a different score and everything.
I actually did play some Beat Mania. I couldn't help myself.
I'm mainly just walking around taking pictures for the first part of it, but I'm actually
going to go back in and play things.
There are a few things I want to try.
I also do have some video footage of some of the more rare games too, there's a Tapper
there.
Oh, like root beer tapper?
No, tapper.
Oh, like Budweiser tapper?
Like beer.
That's awesome, because I love Budweiser tapper.
They have a pouillon machine.
Oh, I remember pouillon.
I haven't seen one like this in a long time.
Wow, I was like, yeah, I had that on the Commodore 64.
That's awesome.
They also have the Ultra Kid cocktail machines.
Oh, like the sit down and play?
Yeah, well, the bar top.
Huh.
That's cool.
They have a few of the tables.
They actually have the little boxing game which is like you look down inside of it and
you see from the top you have two boxers and they also actually have the mechanical boxing
game.
Iím going to play a lot more Black Knight 2000 and a lot more Big Bing Bar and hopefully
I can run into some of the people who own these machines and ask them about their maintenance
and what theyíve gone into.
Is this something they do every year?
Yeah, they do this every year. In fact, last year, not last year, but the year before that, we tried to go to
Classic Gaming Expo and it was really, really slow because this had just finished the week before and nobody wanted to bring their machines back.
Oh, interesting. So you got a lot of stuff from classic stuff to new stuff. Do you see a lot of new stuff there?
Thereís the grid, it was there, DDR, there was a solo, there was a Mambo Go Go, there
was Soul Calibur 3 arcade or anything, they donít have anything super new there.
Nothing really really new, but there was a Silent Scope EX, and just a few of the newer
machines that most of it's like late 80s early 90s there are a few pins from
like the 40s and 50s so is this something where people go to buy
machines from private place it's like a it's this isn't something where they're
selling to arcades is something where they're selling to hardcore collectors
with lots of money right they're selling to collectors and not everything is
really expensive but that hip-hop mania machine I was playing yeah 400 bucks hmm
It's in great condition, much better than Golf Lands ever was.
We didn't bring a truck or anything, so that's debatable, but we went over that
hip-hop mania and he's been drooling over some of the prototypes.
That Big Bang bar that we were looking at, we sort of talked just back and forth as we
had the $10,000 to blow on it.
Wow, why don't you give me the $10,000 I'll make good use of it.
Well, the reason why is that there's only 16 of those machines in existence.
Oh my gosh, wow, wow.
Yeah, that's why it was a big deal for me to play one.
Anything else you want to share about the show with the listeners and anything?
I'm still going tomorrow. If anyone's in the Bay Area or nearby, come check it out.
It's worth it.
Alright, very cool. So, what's the name of the show again? Do they have a website?
California Extremes go to... actually you can just do a Google hunt for it or
It's CAXtreme.com, I think, or.org.
Okay, very cool.
All right, well, thanks for calling in.
We miss you, and we'll see you next week, okay?
Okay.
All right, later.
Oh yeah, I forgot to mention, Jamie, the chat room said hi.
But anyways...
Well, after I hang up on her, thank you.
Well, sorry.
I'll send her a text.
Sorry, Tara.
But, you know, I want to play arcade games.
I know!
Why did she get to go?
I want to go.
Almost as fun, I guess.
But uh, well that makes me angry that we're not there. So you know what that means? I don't care if she's not here
We're taking her segment. Hell yeah
Why don't you start us off Logie?
Fuck you to stupid people who can't park correctly and I'm sorry
This also kind of goes to Christopher Exeter
He parked like a bitch taking up two goddamn spaces with his car
We saw a woman last night driving a stupid minivan parks in like four spaces. There's walks right out
Dumb bitches from Alaska though. I don't know if that makes a difference doesn't but you know still that kind of stare
They're like you're an idiot goddamn
I mean, I understand there's not a lot of people in the parking lot
But when you take up four spaces because you're too fucking lazy that you park correctly. I
I hate people like that and I'm sorry it always seems to be women in cars.
But then again you get punk ass bitches who drive their fucking giant trucks that take
up six spaces too.
Or the ones that park with a goddamn U-Haul or some sort of trailer on there and they
take up six spaces because they park across all of them.
Fuck you, you do not need to be going to the movies if you have a goddamn trailer on your
truck.
So just leave it at home.
I'd like to give an F.U. for what I believe is the second week in a row to the sun.
You might remember last week on the show I had a sunburn, well guess what, when I was
in Canada, I went to Canada with my best friend, that's where I was on vacation, why I wasn't
here on Sunday, and we decided one day randomly we were just going to walk, we were going
to walk across this bridge, Burrard Bridge, because somebody had told us it was fun, so
we walked across, ate some lunch, and we walked back and we were like, let's just keep on
walking.
So we walked all the way to this place called Stanley Park, which is this huge park in Vancouver
That's bigger than Central Park, and we walk the entire perimeter of Stanley Park now this whole time
I'm worried that I might get a sunburn again, so I'm asking my friend John
I'm like do it do I have my training colors my training things like no you look fine look fine
Well, we get back to the hotel after this walk
Which you know the perimeter Stanley Park is 10 kilometers so add into that all the other walking
We did we probably walked more like 10 miles by the time all is said and done
And then we get back to the hotel room, and I'm bright pink. I'm like John
I'm bright things like you didn't look pink earlier
and I'm getting redder and redder and redder.
Oh my god, I had the world's worst sunburn,
it was horrible.
But, and I know this isn't more of an F-you,
but I will say a big thank you to Canada's pharmacies
because they sell certain drugs in Canada
you can't get here in the US,
and one of them is aloe vera gel with lidocaine in it,
which is like numbing stuff
that you have to get with prescription here.
Made my sunburn feel much more bearable,
but still, I had to miss Saturday night clubbing,
so I was upset with that.
Otherwise, I love Canada, I love it.
I love Vancouver and I want to go back and yeah but I wish I just had more money to travel
maybe I'll just move there I'll ditch this show and move to Canada I'll be fun Shane
do you have any angst you want to get out um no I don't think I'm angry about anything
right now all right well then F you for not being angsty F you to me for not being angsty
moving on with
some more news back into the gaming news the Final Fantasy 3 DS
Wi-Fi feature may have been revealed and it's
emailing. It comes from a screenshot from
JUMP which is a Japanese magazine it looks like Final Fantasy 3 on the DS is
gonna make use of the Nintendo Wi-Fi connection but
basically you're gonna send letters to each other friends back and forth and if
you exchange the emails
it will trigger special events in the game
I guess that's better than nothing but at the same time where's like one-on-one battle
or adventure the world with friends or something a little more maybe now to be fair maybe this
is just one element and there's more to come but if this is it it's kind of weak I mean
I guess it's better than nothing it's better than nothing but it's it's a little weak a
little lame do it I'll still buy it though don't get me wrong they're gonna have another
Another game for like instant messaging and another game that you have to pop in and you're
all like I gotta email my friend in Final Fantasy 3, oh I gotta chat with him using
Metroid Prime Hunters, oh I gotta, oh it's kinda lame.
But anyways, kind of on a little bit of a different topic here.
Square Enix's president was interviewed by IGN here, or they have the interview on IGN
I should say.
And he was talking about basically different things, online gaming, kind of where he sees
things going, and a little bit about testing their games before they go out for example.
And one of the things he says is because of the way that they have the systems now where
you can patch them later on, extensive testing is not needed to release a game.
Hopefully that's not a trend we're going to start seeing, where these games go out,
yeah it's okay I'll fix it later
it doesn't matter. You might be out of a job Miklotov
Why? Well because if they don't need testing on the games that they're just gonna
patch everything
I haven't tested a game in forever. Oh you're moving on up the corporate ladder now huh?
Yeah I'm going up the corporate ladder. But you can't talk about what you do huh? No I can't. Anyways
the quote here is that game makers have until now incurred great cost
during development for debugging
he said basically perhaps we can reduce the cost
and suggest that the availability of software updates developers won't have
to work so hard
to find the zaniest bugs. And Wada didn't
use the word patch strictly but you know
that's what his translator said. You know I'm all for patching games to fix bugs but
at the same time don't use that as a crutch I mean if your game has a
you know crippling bug in it you can't release it
out there crash people's systems. Don't you remember like wasn't there bugs in some
Sony game that would like fry your memory card or something like that. A lot of them.
Yeah I mean you can't, that's not cool. You can't just patch that. You gotta
get that out in the testing process and make sure that you know you're not gonna
release a game that's gonna fry my memory card. I understand like some things are a little
different like for example uh the duping glitch in Oblivion. I mean obviously
that's something that they couldn't have found you know without really going through there and
no one's saying that the games have to be perfect but like for example the Jaws game that came out
That was super duper glitchy, you know, something like that where they can go back in
They need to really fix before it goes out
But if you find like a bug or an exploit and even still I say with the oblivion exploit leave it in there
That's your own, you know bug and if people want to use it great, they'll use it. Otherwise, it's not really hurting anything
Okay, amigos have you're saying more things in chat that you're saying on the show. Sure. I mean here
Okay
my opinion is that you know buggy games come out all the time and it's not like
just because they're saying oh well
release updates from them. It's not like
they're gonna quit finding bugs or
anything. It's not
like testing is gonna stop because they
have this new way to fix bugs that
accidentally get shipped. It's not like you're
gonna get like a really crappy
game. Well... you're gonna get really
crappy game from somebody I am sure. But
it's not like you're gonna get one that
hasn't been tested at all and there's
Some things happen to fall through the system sometimes.
Like the demo disc for Viewtiful Joe 2, because that was really terrible.
Was that one of the culprits?
One of the ones that...
Yeah, that erased your memory card.
Oh, that's right.
Yeah, okay, I remember that.
I said I never played it, thankfully, or I might have been a little upset.
Yeah.
All right, well, you might know that the Xbox 360 had this huge shortage problem when it
first came out.
It's being reported that ATI and Silicon Integrated Systems have said that orders for their chips
used in the Wii and the Xbox 360 are picking up in preparation for the holiday season.
So it looks like, especially hearing that the Wii is on there is a good sign, that means
Nintendo is apparently already starting to crank out these systems in preparation for
their launch, but of course the Xbox 360 is not going to go another Christmas without
plenty of systems on the shelves for everyone, especially so they can really get out there
and compete with the PlayStation 3 because you'll have a lot of folks making their final
decisions this holiday season, so it'll be very interesting.
Yes, and on top of that, I mean, it's also interesting that they mention that the Wii
is in production because, according to a CNN Money story, they're saying that it's been
in production at least since June 21st, and considering the fact that the PlayStation
3 hasn't even begun production yet, and the 360 only had about 69 days before the
the sale date. That bodes well for gamers if you're looking for the Wii and it also
means that in October or even possibly September launch is very likely. I doubt it's going
to be a September launch because they said specifically that it's going to be in the
fourth quarter and well, you know, September is not the fourth quarter. And anyways, they're
supposed to actually be announcing the official date and price for the Wii in September. So
Until then, we'll just have to wait, but that's more evidence that, you know, it could be
coming out in October.
So at least hopefully they're making it sound like there's not going to be shortages, and
according to, you know, what I've heard at my work, we actually might get some at launch,
which means that there shouldn't be shortages out there, because if they're giving them
the distribution at launch, then that's a good sign.
That's a very good sign.
Now, are you still sticking to that October 18th date that you leaked out a while ago
on the show?
so far because you know in our system we had our assistant buyer change all the
dates on me to was it November 15th I think that just because they're tired
of putting different dates in there for everything and it's kind of what they're
doing with the ps3 stuff until they find out more you know about that but all the
prebook dates are still where they were before so it's still looking October
from what I've seen so far and you know even if you know they come out and
announce. It's gotta be October because I know there's another story that was like
Sports Illustrated for Kids or whatever, saying November 6th.
I think that's too close to the PS3 launch to make it successful. I think that they
would want to launch at least a month in advance.
I think we need a friendly reminder because we have somebody in our chat room
Bandit says, where does Loki work that he gets all these dates? So what kind of...
Is it GameStop, EB? I don't work for GameStop or EB. I work for a game
distributor. We sell to
your retail stores. So you're one step up on the food chain.
Sort of. GameStop and EB, they get their dates from a system that's put in by their buyers
at corporate or wherever their office is. We get our dates straight from the publishers.
When they give us dates, updates every week or so, and I look like four or five times
a day to see if there's a new date or a different change or anything, and I look very hard.
Even then, sometimes the dates change around. Sometimes they're wrong and sometimes I gotta
fix them like for example our purchasing people made a goof and they put layer
saying that was on PlayStation 2 and I had to correct them tell them no you're
wrong it's a PlayStation 3 game and they make goose because they have a guy
working for him that does the date entering that's kind of brand new to it
so he messes up sometimes it puts you know wrong dates or you know maybe
lists you know the name wrong but for the most part you know we do get our
information straight from their sales staff and a lot of times before you'll
here at GameStop because, you know, their sales staff are really loose-lipped sometimes
and they'll leak out, like, I don't know, the entire E3 lineup for Konami, for example.
Alright, I guess we brought two earlier this year.
Alright, let's go to the mailbag!
Every week we like to go into the mailbag and read some emails that came to us from
our listeners, and yes, I realize DarkSakura is not here tonight, she's usually the one
that goes to the mailbag.
However, she gave me permission in her absence to go in there and pull out some letters,
so let's go to the mailbag!
course you guys can always send us emails it's mailbag at orange lounge
radio.com so let me put on these slightly used gloves hazmat gloves and
dig into the mailbag first email comes to us from an unsigned name it's not
signed but the email address has Andrew in it so I'm assuming the guy's name is
Andrew well I am new here and I've only listened to one podcast but I really
enjoyed it and could tell that everyone there was really new their games thank
Thank you.
The reason I sent this email was that I got a DS and so far only have Mario Kart and I
really want to know what are, in your opinion, the best games out for the DS and some that
have a close release date so I can buy one I know that is good and see if I can get them
really cheap on the net.
Any help is appreciated."
phoenix right oh my god phoenix right if you can find it
phoenix right it's pretty hard to find they're doing a reprint again you can go on capcom
site capcom is selling them out
pretty quick oh really capcom site great but they're
they're printing them as much as they can because they have to print them over in like
hong kong or something like that and then ship them over you know in a batch
and then those sell out like almost if you can't get an american one
the recently re-released japanese one does have an english option
And since the DS is region-free, you can import that and play it.
It's totally worth it.
I would say what you probably want to do, Tetris DS of course, you know, great stuff.
New Super Mario Brothers is very popular, if you like the old ones I think you'll get
a kick out of it.
New Super Mario Brothers is pretty cool.
It's a good value.
I actually want to get some of those bit generation games that are coming out in the Game Boy
Advance because they look pretty cool.
I would recommend Hyli Meteos if you like puzzlers at all, definitely get your hands
on Meteos, it's still a good value.
And I think it's actually pretty cheap, you can find it out there, I think they were doing
like a clear out of them at uh, I think Toys R Us or something?
Uh, yeah, it really depends what type of games you like.
I mean, but the DS has some solid hits in every genre right now, so...
Go check out...
Except racing.
Go to Mario Kart!
It doesn't count because it's fun.
Go check out the new section over at like, you know, Gamestop or even go check out the
bargain bins down at like Toys R Us or KB Toys and stuff like that and see if you can
find some of the first generation games out there that may be a bit cheaper and go from
there to build up your library.
Our second email of three tonight comes from Seth.
Hi, my name is Seth and I'm 15 and I listen to the podcast every week.
The past couple episodes you've been discussing the new laws that are being made in states
such as Louisiana.
I think these laws are ridiculous.
I'm young and I play violent games.
I don't ever get the urge to go outside and shoot people.
If I played a Harry Potter game, which I don't, I wouldn't go outside with my mom's broom
and jump off the roof because I think I can fly.
I believe that the government is just trying to find an excuse for why kids are going out
and shooting up their schools.
Thanks for having such a great show.
I listen to OLR every week."
Well, thanks for the kind words.
Hey, you know what?
Pretty smart kid there, you know, with the Harry Potter reference.
That's a pretty interesting comparison there.
Exactly.
I mean look at was it that movie the boy who could fly?
Did he have like a high you know rate of suicides after that movie?
Cuz I mean he jumped off his roof and started flying
You know, did we see kids, you know, just trying to kill them
So now kids do imitate try to imitate the movie sometimes though
Like I'm trying to what was that one?
We're like it had a scene where people were lying down in the middle of the road and some kids tried to imitate that and of
Course got run over and then they like re-released the movie with that scene edited. I was years ago. God, I'm
I know what you're talking about. Yeah, it's stupid and it's just media in general. They want to blame media because obviously it's not the parent's fault, you know.
Never the parent's fault, but I think they're starting to get it, but they just, not quite.
And especially though this is only going to be brought up again once Saint Rose comes out, once Scarface comes out, once Reservoir Dogs comes out.
This fourth quarter is really bad when it comes to this whole violent game thing, so.
So let's go to our last email tonight, which comes to us from Grin without a cat.
Hi guys, I've been listening to the podcast for a couple months now.
I'm in the UK, so it's a little bit late for me to stay up to listen live as some brave
soul did the other week, but I look forward to each download.
I wanted to respond to what the PMS and Fragdoll clans had to say about the beauty pageant
at the gaming event that had them quite worked up.
I don't agree with the beauty pageant, but what right do these girls have to get so annoyed
with it?
They say they object to the way girl gamers are seen and want equality, but then they
go around saying, hey look, we're a clan of girls, look at us.
If they want to be accepted as just regular gamers, why do they go out of their way to
separate themselves from others?
The word hypocrites comes to mind.
Also I think an OLR gaming group is a great idea.
I'm planning to get a 360 in September as I'm really interested in live and making my
gaming experiences more sociable, but I keep hearing enjoyment of live relays on a good
friends list and all my gaming friends are PC only gamers, so to have a group of friendly
faces to ease me into online gaming would be welcome.
On the second point there, I can say, I love this, if you go to the forums, there's a thread
where people have started talking about OL Army clans, that's O-L-R-M-Y-O-L Army, on
different games, and I've seen some really impressive stuff that is very flattering.
Have you checked out this thread?
We put a picture of our podcast art on Counter Strike in some mod or something, and it's
really funny because if you look at the picture, the screenshot somebody took, the gun is pointed
right at your face, Loki, it's great.
But then, no, I thought this was cool too, I guess there's a Guild Wars clan as well,
and somebody just posted a picture of their cape, and it's like an orange cape, and they
couldn't really put their own logo on it, but they put something that looked like Sakura
blossoms on it for Dark Sakura.
Get it?
I thought that's cute.
Our listeners are so awesome. So check out that thread on our forums and you can find some gamers.
There's even an Xbox Live gamer tag exchange. And I even give out my gamer tag. I don't care.
My gamer tag is on there and I have a bunch of friends.
Sadly enough, I am paying for live, but I don't really play over live. I don't get it.
I do once in a while.
Yeah, I really need to get down to...
I'll play Halo 3 when it's out for sure.
I don't really have that many good games that I want to play. Like, Burnout even over live, I don't really care for it that much.
I thought Burnout was fun. I'm just not good at it, so it doesn't give me incentive to play.
want to play ChromeHounds over live I think that'd be fun because ChromeHounds
is actually gonna allow you to do clans so I think that's something that they
really need because I don't know you don't really have that over live all
right well thank you guys so much for the emails we really appreciate if you
guys want to send us an email as well you can always do that it's mailbag at
orange lounge radio.com also we started a new segment last week called the
voicemails of the week we wanted to try something a little different using our
Skype line and we invited you guys to send us some voicemails in regards to a
particular topic and some of you guys called in about the topic but one of the
voicemails we're gonna play tonight has nothing to do with the topic at hand but
it's still kind of funny so we'll play it and I was very overwhelmed with the
response when I went in there to go look you guys I'll tell you guys off-air how
much we are was pretty cool. Overwhelmed like you cried? No I didn't cry but I was
just very happy that a lot of people were responding to it so I'm glad you
guys like this but unfortunately that means we can't play every voicemail so please don't
be hurt if we don't play your voicemail but we get three really good ones that I want
to play and I'll give you guys a new topic and maybe some of the people who didn't get
in this week can get in next week.
Anyway, so let's go to the voicemail.
Here's voicemail number one and the topic last week was do you pre-order games because
remember that fight you got in with Dark Soccer?
It was pretty bloody.
Anyway here's the first voicemail.
Hello Orange Orange Radio, this is the all-infamous Fury Lover answering your question of the voicemail of the week.
I actually pre-order certain games that I would like to buy that I know would get, that would be sold out.
And I think the advantages of actually pre-ordering games are actually quite good,
quite good because if you pre-order a game from trusted sources like GameStop or EB Games,
you know you'll have the game when it comes out or whenever you want to get it. But pre-ordering
games from things like FYE and stuff like that is just horrible. So yeah, that's all
I have to say. Thank you. Bye. Thanks for the voicemail, Yuri Lever. I think
It's interesting because it sounds like he trusts some stores but he doesn't trust others.
And it's true because some stores I think actually do buy direct from the publishers
and some don't.
So they might get them late or might not get them at all or they're reliant on some other
stores to get them.
So it seems like Yuri Lever is saying, you know, stick with the stores that deal in games.
I would say games are probably pretty good, the pre-order stuff, because they usually
try to throw in like a little goodie with it, like something free.
I forgot to tell, I was going to say it when DarkSakura was here when she's not here tonight,
I pre-ordered Final Fantasy XII. I usually don't pre-order games, but because of that
special little bundle they're going to have and I'm just such a whore, I pre-ordered it.
What about The Urgent Service?
I'm not as interested in that game. I might pick it up, but I'm much more interested in XII. The
Urgent Service isn't really Final Fantasy. I mean, sure, it's Vincent, but it's not really
Final Fantasy. Something different. You know, having a modded PS2 really opens the options
for me as far as where I can get that game. All right let's go to our next voicemail.
Hello O.R. this is Razorburn 2021. Your question I believe was about pre-ordering games and
if I don't have to I try not to pre-order games. I believe there was an argument that I'd read a
year or two something like that ago in the arcade about the problems with pre-ordering games is that
that's kind of how game stores gauge what they should stock, and you talked about games
like Point Blank DS that are difficult to find, and that's because generally no one
pre-orders them. So if I don't have to, I try not to. I don't recommend it. I don't
generally have to pre-order movies. I don't generally have to pre-order CDs or several
other things that I like to buy. I would just like it if I could go into a game store and
purchase what I want to. I appreciate your show. Have a good day.
Thanks for the voicemail. I think that was an interesting one because he gives a good argument for why you should pre-order games
But then says he doesn't do it
But I like I like that he gave the kind of comparison there about the I don't pre-order movies or CDs
Yeah, I seem to recall though. I seem to remember a day where you could pre-order CDs who buys CDs anymore
Anyway, why would you need to pre-order?
Hey, I you know, I
The thing is, I'm glad the internet's there, and I do every now and then like going into
a CD store like Tower and going and just like, going through their dance section or their
import section and just listening to what they've got, and a lot of times it's hard
to find stuff.
That's kind of why the reason I turned to the internet, because you know, you can't
find something because it was only on a single vinyl, and I'm not gonna buy a $10 record,
know, even though I do have two turntables I don't ever use, and a microphone, huh, forget
it.
But, well, I think it's interesting because it sounds like this caller likes to do the
same sort of thing but with games, just kind of wants to go in and see what's available.
Yeah, in movies I don't think it's going to be such a big thing where you'd have to actually
pre-order that, some games maybe, if you're really looking for some niche.
Alright, this next call had nothing to do with the question at hand, but whatever, it
interesting so I'll play it anyway.
Hey, this is MacMan, and I was just listening to the podcast that I got during iTunes and
The Poohs.
Now what, I'm not sure if you, if you all got your thoughts together in like a complete
box together in this area enough.
Could you elaborate on your feelings about the gayest name of a video game accessory
and or console ever created?
um that's it bye gayest name of a video game accessory that's a random question
well i i did you hear about the tech and butt plug actually that's come no uh
uh i that's easy the res trans vibrator the res trans vibrator the trans vibrator is
i think it's someone that was on e when they figured out that when they're like
dude it vibrates with the music that's awesome uh it feels totally good when i'm on e and i'm
touching it you know a week later and I still don't believe that poos thing that
they're gonna call the Sony controller the poos that's that's a load of crap
that's a load of poo is what it is I don't I don't buy it I mean if I'm wrong
I'm wrong and I weak for Sony because that's I mean God is I mean we have been
kicked I mean the gaming community's been kicking those guys non-stop to me
E3 and this is just another like oh my god but I that's why if they called it
the poos that would be the candy sprinkles on the icing of the cake I
that's all it would really be you don't need it but it's there and you got to appreciate it so
i don't think it's gonna matter what they call the controller because you know if they called
the controller you know a giant dong no one's still gonna buy that system you know at least
as much as they would if it were you know 200 cheaper funnydale in our chat room has a good
comment here i know uh the ass poking game that's only in japan you know you see you've seen pictures
of this all around the internet and if you could use your finger I mean
hypothetically you could use a you know what forget forget wherever that
thoughts going I think that's it for the voicemails of the week overall though it
seems like you guys the kind of general consensus I was getting for the
voicemails is that you guys prefer pre-ordering for certain games but not
everything we thank you guys for your voicemails and sorry to those folks we
didn't get around to if you would like to leave us as voicemail please do the
The number is 916-226-9067, but remember that may be a toll call, so please, if you don't
pay the bills, ask whoever does their permission first in our question.
Or use a cell phone, because a lot of times they get free long distance.
Make sure it does before you call, if it's not yours.
Nights and weekends.
Again, if you're not paying the bill, you better ask.
Or you can use Skype.
You can call us on Orange Launch Radio at Skype anytime when we're not live, and you
also get the voicemail that way, and I think we did get a couple voicemails that way.
The question we have for you guys, you know we want your opinions on this.
whole Sony billboard controversy what do you guys think of that I mean is that is
it being overblown do people have a right to be upset was it in good taste
bad taste what do you think of that whole controversy I love to hear from
you guys on that one and we'll play some of our favorite voicemails next week
meanwhile back to the news yes and speaking about strange stuff DOAs
I can't even pronounce his name, but Tagi, or Itagaki, that's right.
This is why I'm not Japanese.
Anyways, he admits to being quite intoxicated while creating DOA4, and he's all, pretty
much, I'm drinking pretty much full time.
Of course there are ups and downs, waves of how I drink in terms of the amount, but it's
long periods of time.
In the last 10 years, not that you asked this question, I think I had better ideas when
I was drinking whiskey.
When I'm drinking shochu, that's a conservative drink, so the ideas are not that great.
Beer is just like water to me, so it helps me and everything else loosen up a bit.
It doesn't really contribute to coming up with ideas.
Everything is explained on why there was a dead or alive volleyball game now.
explained cuz most people when they heard that were like what that explains
also explains why come on that guy is such a rock star I mean seriously when
you look at pictures of him and see him in interviews he's just a freaking rock
star I mean he's like the Tommy Lee of game designs right and you know he just
you know he's the type of person that probably thrashes hotel rooms sits there
with a fat cigar in his mouth while he's probably you know designing games you
know it's no surprise now I kind of wish that we bowl was kind of like handling
DOA the movie because if it got you know all fucked up this guy could come beat
the crap out of him Japanese break a bottle over his head exactly he should
put himself in the next DOA game because that would be awesome I would love to
play him in DOA that might sell another copy of the game for me I do a forum I
don't play DOA for it's sitting collecting dust check it out it's funny
you played on live I've actually played that kind of game on live I get my
absolutely because I suck at it crazy you know avatars and stuff that you can
sit there as you know why you're waiting for a game it sounds kind of fun all
right for those of you that like your games a little more conservative you'll
probably enjoy this the Bob Ross game that's coming out Bob Ross interactive
is actually having a contest right now it started on July 4th and they are
accepting work but only those that are created using Bob Ross's patented wet on
wet technique. Why are you giggling? Because that was funny sounding. Here's
with the wet on wet technique for those who haven't watched the show. You put a
base coat of their paint on it and then you get dirty. When I say
happy trees you probably think something dirty in that too. No. Isn't that funny
that we went from a dead or alive story to wet on wet? Anyway now it's not funny.
using Bob Ross approved materials. How would he approve it? He's dead.
Because it has to be like, you know, licensed, I don't know.
Anyway, you gotta be 18 years or older to enter. You can only submit up to three
paintings
and they have to sign all these waivers that they might use your designs but hey
your artwork could be in a video game
so if you're a Bob Ross fan and you want to paint yourself some happy trees and happy
clouds and maybe see them in a video game
go for it!
Let's see, the original story actually ran on www.nintendogal.com, but I believe you
can actually visit www.bobross.com for more of the details.
Bob Ross, Beyond the Grave, ooh yeah.
Anyways, speaking of stuff that's, I don't know, dead, the PSP security on the firmware,
pretty much dead cuz now you can downgrade again if you happen to own a
you know 2.6 or 2 points or 2.5 or 2.6 firmware that's right folks you can
downgrade because they're groddiest upgraded me to 2.6 just you know yeah
well Grand Theft Auto was probably one of the ones that you know got you the
2.5 and 2.6 for me was Katamari but they have decrypted 2.5 and 2.6 and now there
is a downgrader and actually if you visit PSP updates they have tons of
different downgraders that you can get to do that including one that will
downgrade you from 1.5 to 1.0 and for those who don't remember 1.0 was the
original Japanese firmware that allowed you to run homebrew no problem and also
kind of in the similar story firmware 2.7 has been decrypted and they're
They're working on a downgrader for that.
Why don't they just get the homebrew to work on 2.6, then I don't have a downgrader.
They have.
Okay, good.
They have that, and they also have this thing where you can actually run 1.5, and it will
give you the features of 2.5.
So you have the RSS features, the web browser, and you can play 2.5 games on there.
Wi-Fi doesn't quite work well though with that, but still kind of neat that they're
doing it and you know, I don't know, I don't really follow the homebrew stuff that much
anymore. Do they have a Nintendo emulator for 2.6 firmware? It's basically anything
works with 2.6. Although the thing with 2.6 is you have to have Grand Theft Auto in order
to do all these workarounds. So yeah, you may want to downgrade or something or just
don't play emulators on there because whatever. Get a DS for that. There's a lot of stuff
for that. What is that? I can't play Kid Icarus on my DS yet? You can if you have the stuff
for that you can get emulators. But I don't! Whatever! Wine! I thought there was something
really interesting though that kind of ties in with this. They released a new version
of PSP Revolution and because our show used to be about Bomani, you can use this game
it's basically step mania for the psp so if you do end up downgrading to 1.5 check out psp
revolution version 0.2 and that'd be really fun to play on a handheld and they've had they've
ddr on the gameboy is stupid they've added themes they've added theme support and arrow speed
modifiers as well as um aug music files are now supported and um yeah marathon songs and all that
sort of stuff so check it out if you're really interested in step mania on your
PSP all right well completely changing gears here we haven't talked a whole lot
about Microsoft tonight because you know Xbox 360 it's out there's not a lot you
know and it's got their games coming out so we don't have quite the rumors that
we have with Sony and Nintendo however Microsoft does have some rumors of their
It's been reported by Bloomberg that Microsoft may be working on an iPod killer that's supposed to hit shelves this Christmas.
Microsoft's device will be able to connect to the Internet and other devices using the Wireless Fidelity, or Wi-Fi standard, which iTunes doesn't have.
Microsoft is also promising the screen will have better quality picture than the iPod, according to the people who saw the slideshow Microsoft is using to promote the device.
The music and TV companies are interested in working with Microsoft in order to blunt Apple's power in the market, according to people close to the media companies.
Now, it doesn't really directly tie into gaming here, because they haven't said a lot about gaming features,
but you can assume that, especially with, I would say, the whole Xbox Live Anywhere thing that's going to be on the cell phones and all that,
this might play into that, or something else.
I would say maybe like Xbox Live Arcade stuff possibly
possibly so don't count it out I mean if this whole thing is true to me
They do have Xbox Live Arcade for the PC as well I mean
so and if you ever visit zone.msn.com I think it is the zone
they have gaming badges set up very similar to how Xbox Live works it's very
interesting so
because MSN obviously Microsoft runs that too
I don't doubt Microsoft probably gonna put something out there to compete
so I don't doubt that this rumor is probably true
but it will be very interesting to see what that is because we've had kinda all sorts
a little
like rumblings of course we've had the loudest one was the origami
you know we saw pictures of that and then that's more like just a PC
in your hand yeah pretty much and then there was you know the rumors of the
ex-boy
all that stuff you know I almost see them doing something like
the Nomad for the original Xbox
in something like this. That's kinda where I'm seeing this going
is maybe like a portable Xbox like an original one where it plays the old Xbox games
so they don't really have to make new games
but I don't know. I think it might be a little late to do something like that but
I thought. GK128 in our chat room says it figures Microsoft is coming out with a
Super MP3 player just as I bought a fancy new one.
Don't worry Apple put out the video iPods like a week after I bought mine.
Yeah, jerks. Well, something that's definitely going to be
implemented with probably this is going to be some sort of
e-distribution, especially of music and movies, but of course
Sony is talking about doing games, because, you know,
their first priority, of course, is games with the PS3, right?
Anyways, so they're definitely talking about doing something to
the sense of, you know, Xbox Live's marketplace, where you can be able to
download arcade-type
And according to an article that was on Gamasutra, definitely something that they're going to be doing.
Certainly being able to sell growably online makes it easier to reach in international and remote markets.
On the business side, it also lowers the cost of sales and eliminates inventory risk.
It should help Crutale use game sales and piracy.
I don't like the whole use game sales thing, but I can understand the piracy, I guess.
something tells me that's not gonna work just like they think it's gonna but
sure. Wherever security is pirates will follow but you know E-distribution is not
surprising at all.
Please Sony do not go out there saying
our security is better than everybody else's. We're gonna be able to
you know beat all the pirates out there because that's just like picking a fight.
That's poking the beehive so
you shouldn't be doing that but anyways so yeah definitely they're gonna be doing
something probably similar to actually I'm thinking putting on Playstation 1 games to
be able to download straight to the hard drive being that the size of the files should be
a lot smaller and they're also going to be doing something similar with the PSP so if
they can do it on the PSP they can definitely do it on the PS3 so that's kind of a given.
And also maybe even later on down the lines being able to stream all real PS3 games so
that they're interested in. What's kind of interesting though is their comment here
we're looking for fresh new ideas that fully exploit the power of the PS3.
Our first party products are unique to the PS3 and some of our games by virtue of the design and hardware demands
could simply not work on the Xbox 360.
Oh really?
So, I don't know.
Alright, we'll see how that goes.
But I do have something real quick.
Oh sure, the Playstation Beyond site that launched during Game Developers Conference
this year.
And you always see this Play Beyond thing, how much do you want to bet that they're calling
their marketplace Beyond?
Just a thought.
That's an interesting thought.
Because that's a big game.
Sure, it makes sense.
Maybe it'll tie together in the end.
Anyway, changing gears here, Empire Interactive, been some rumblings out of there this week.
The FlatOut franchise is going to be coming to the Xbox 360.
It's called Flat Out Total Carnage, and for those of you guys not familiar with this series,
it originally came out July last year.
It's got destructible cars, kind of like a racing game, and of course scenery, and it's
got sadistic minigames inside it.
You go into barriers at high speed, you eject the driver to hit targets like a giant dart
board or bowling pins.
It sounds like you're...
I've never heard you talk about this game.
I played Flat Out.
Oh, I played it last year when it first came out.
It's a pretty fun game.
You actually, it's more of kind of, this year they rebuilt the whole game from the ground
up, so it's a lot better, a lot faster, it seems like a cross between Burnout and Destruction
Derby, and you also have a whole ton of mini games, they call it like the Ragdoll Olympics
type stuff.
And you can basically eject your driver out, like the one for example is baseball, and
you eject your driver out, and he flies up towards this giant baseball bat and then smacked
with the baseball bat and you fling his body into a mitt.
And I can tell you this much, you can play these minigames and they will keep you entertained
for hours.
Especially you.
You probably sat there and giggled for like an hour.
Oh yes I did.
I played the high jump like, I don't know, for at least a half an hour just like looking
at the thing.
And it was fun.
It's a pretty fun game.
This one looks a lot better.
Flatout 2 is coming out in a few weeks.
Xbox, PC, and Playstation 2.
Yeah, I think I'm on the...
August 1st.
This fall.
August 1st.
They're wrong.
Oh, we'll see.
Alright, also, Empire Interactive is coming out with a PSP version of Taito Legends, and
is also working on a version of Ford Street Racing for the PSP as well.
Ooh, goodie!
Ford Street Racing.
That's just such an awesome game!
I haven't played it, don't really have an opinion on it.
Lame-o is what you might call that game, but yeah.
Anyways, something that's not quite as lame as Forged Racing there.
Zelda is actually, there's a homebrew Zelda for mobile phones, and they're calling it
Zelda.
That's kind of funny because when you think of Zelda you think of Wind Waker or Phantom
Hourglass even.
Well it's funny you should mention that because they actually are using the Minish Cap graphics
so it kind of looks a little bit like Wind Waker, and sort of Wind Waker and Zelda.
I thought Minish Cap looked more like the old school Super Nintendo one.
Yeah, it kind of, but here's a few things.
Too bad it wasn't as fun.
But anyways, there's actually some pretty impressive graphics on there, and they have
the latest demo which is working on Mi Deep P2 compatible phones, and there's actually
a way you can check it out to see if you have it or not or a compatible phone a lot of them
out there I don't even know how the hell to put this on my phone to be honest but if you're
interested though they also have a PC version and it should be interesting if you want to
check and see what kind of phone you have if it'll work there's a website it's rumkin.com
I'll check that out, that's a cell phone game I might be able to get into.
Oh actually I'm sorry, this is the website jbenchmark.com slash phone details dot jsp
and that'll let you know what kind of phone you have and if it supports that and so that's
kind of neat and the PC version I'm kind of willing to check out and I believe his website
has gone down since this article but if you're interested at zeldamobile.gorthwoh.com, gorthworth
or something whatever but check it out they have some screenshots it looks pretty sweet
and you can download the PC and the mobile version for that.
Very cool. Just a matter of time before Nintendo shuts them down, right?
Why doesn't Nintendo get into cell phone gaming? I know I keep saying I hate cell phone gaming,
although I will say this week I actually noticed that some
games, like I used to have a version of Castlevania on my old phone and
Burger Time and Magical Drop, and I noticed finally new versions of that
came out that work on my new phone.
And they've actually been upgraded. The Castlevania game looks pretty nice now.
I was actually pretty impressed, except for the fact that the controls are shit, but I
guess that's just because I don't really have a controller to plug into the phone, although
I know they make them.
But I was somewhat pleased.
It's still not as good as a Game Boy Advance version of it, but you know, now this homebrew
version is actually a remake of number one.
Right, yeah, I'd heard that there was a remake of number one.
That's pretty cool.
Alright, one other quick story on mobile gaming, this is interesting.
Now you know that women in gaming don't get a whole lot of coverage sometimes.
It's a controversial subject, you know, are they really in a game, dah, dah, dah, dah.
But...
Maybe if they were people.
Oh, stop.
We're gonna get angry.
You're right.
You're good.
You better be glad Dark Soccer's not here tonight.
You should shove that microphone up your ass.
Anyway, there was a new study that came out called the Electronic Gaming in the Digital
Home from Parks Associates and it says 51% of U.S. folks who are playing games on their
mobile phones are women.
So the majority of cell phone gamers are women.
Because they don't know what a good game is.
Hate mail is coming in for you.
Here's a quote from the study, women are the foundation of the gaming market and as an
industry we need to cater to their preferences and this came from the director of research
John Barrett at Parks Associates continuing, this effort is key to future revenue growth
because right now women generally spend little on gaming even though they like to play games
and often have disposable income.
The industry just needs to find a game they are willing to pay for.
Interesting.
I don't know, why do you think that is?
Just because cell phone games are easy to pick up or that maybe the games they put out
on cell phones tend to be more puzzle games, pop-cap type games that reach the non-gamer
in general, not just women, but the non-gamer in general, because obviously not all women
are non-gamers.
have one that co-hosts the show and you know we're talking about you know plus
those are very simple so then women can understand them well that's just one but
the non gamer women whatever hate mail coming in you can address those cards
and letters to Shane he doesn't have an orange on Twitter account though we
won't give him one after that that's for sure I you know what's interesting
though I was I was mentioning before in Nintendo will probably shut that Zelda
thing down but they're really not in cell phone gaming and it seems like if
Nintendo's trying to make this real, you know, we want to reach all the non-gamers, this
should be evidence to them that maybe they ought to get into mobile gaming.
And I, again, am not a big fan of mobile gaming, but I would think it would be kind of cool
if I could play like Ice Climber on my cell phone or something.
Maybe.
Yeah, I don't know.
What do you guys think?
We're going to open up the Skype line right now if you guys want to call in on any subject
really.
If you have a question or comment or whatever you want to say, our Skype line is open.
For more information, go to www.orangelaunchradio.com, click on interact with us, or you can always
give us a call on our normal phone line, it's 916-226-9067, but remember kids that it might
be a toll call if you don't live next door to us.
Meanwhile while we wait for some calls, do you have any quick last minute stories, anybody?
No, but I don't know, I think this is kind of interesting.
I was trying to look up and see what my phone had, but unfortunately I am stupid and I don't
I don't know what kind of...
I know I have a Samsung phone,
but the model number is something I don't know.
And so, yeah, that makes it tough.
Although I think it says on my phone.
All right, let's go.
Actually, I wanna read some comments real quick,
then we'll go to Skyblind.
GK128 in response to the cell phone story.
My grandmother lives off of shitty Pogo games.
Their simplicity and fun to non-gamers is the draw.
Yep, I agree, that's probably what it is.
let's see funnydale says oh miklotov you'll love this if Nintendo wants women
to get into gaming they need to come out with a vacuum controller that's why I
said he rocks you guys are horrible we're only speaking the truth well he
said I'm not like the views that I say but the views and opinions expressed by
Miklotov are not necessarily those the rest of us anyway hi you're on orange
launch radio who's this you should know by now who it is as much as I call every
single week I know we get the same callers every week you know I have to
say this though callers I've been I lurk sometimes on some message forums that
people don't know I lurk on and I saw some people talking smack about Orange
Lounge Radio and basically you know what they say the weak point of the show is
the call-in segments so you know we open up this show to folks to call in because
we want it to be your show we don't want to be here and be all over better than
You know we want this to be your show as well, so but I just want you guys to know people on the interweb
We're talking shit about you, but it's okay
They talk shit about dark Sakura myself and Loki all the time as well, so what can you do fuck them?
It's okay, cuz I got your back, so I know you you'll protect us. What's on your mind Rama
Not much as a couple of things
I want to talk about now as you brought up about people talking smack I've removed from anime next
They had a group they call otaku generation dotnet doing a podcast
Podcast they gave their card and I said hey have you heard of Orange Dodge radio and one of the guys said yeah
I've heard of them, but this show isn't all that good, so I was like well
I am close friends with the staff he did a 180 like oh this show is great. They're awesome. Don't hurt me
Interesting you know what though you know why I'm not I I don't think indie podcasters should be bashing on each other
I don't think it's a smart move. I think the indie podcasters should be coming together
You know, I've never listened to that program, I don't know anybody over that program, you
know, whatever, I have nothing bad to say about them, because I wouldn't.
If I did have something bad to say about them, I wouldn't say it at all, because I think
any podcasters have to work together, because we have to work against corporate dollars
and all this, you know, corporate stuff, which by the way, reminds me about the whole podcast
awards thing.
The nominations are open right now for the podcast awards, www.podcastawards.com.
Obviously we would love it if you would consider nominating us again in the gaming podcast
category but honestly guys as long as an independent podcaster wins it I'm happy
and across the board and I encourage you to nominate other independent podcasters
in the other categories as well this is how we get the word of mouth out and I
think independent podcasters should be working on promoting each
other not cutting each other down because then that's when the corporates
will just sneak through and win I have plenty of bad things I have plenty of
bad things I can say about corporate podcasts but I just I try not to be
negative anyway sorry tangent my bad it's okay send me a bunch of cards
Otacon is like in a month I'll pass them out all right and if there's any haters I
want you to cut them for me of course all right what else is on your mind
Rama okay there's a couple of things I spoke with Jamie about I need to tell
you guys now there was talk sometime back about older Super NES games that
had a load time and one of them was Street Fighter Alpha 2 okay there's
another game I remember renting from the door it was Batman Returns every time
you went to the next level it went to black and I said now loading two minutes
later I'm in the next level for real yes Wow I don't I thought I played the
Batman Returns game too wasn't that like a final fight type game sort of but it
was like really stick figures like streak of rage
interesting well i mean it wasn't again it was one of those movie franchise
games it wasn't that great
most movie franchise games kinda suck most but there are you know some that
stand out but anyway
okay well that's
i wish that dark soccer was here to hear it but maybe she'll listen to the show
later and oh i already told her about that okay good
anything else on your mind
you talk about how much you're a big fan of bubble bobble right
yes love bubble bobble and rainbow islands
forget about the third game there was a bubble bubble three yes uh-huh and I
think there was no I think there was a legit bubble bubble to you think in
snow brothers nope okay what parasol stars oh three for a turbo graphic yeah
I've played parasol stars I keep forgetting that's technically in the
bubble bubble world no they had a version of parasol stars I want to say
on Nintendo as well it was crap but it was there are you serious I want to say
I don't know if I am tip it might have been one of those really bad
Asian, you know, they're releasing bubble bubble revolution and the Rainbow Islands revolution for the DS pretty soon
must have
What
As long as partial stars is in there. I'll buy it
I know I it's not I I wish they would put these games in this unlocks
That's why I made sad faces when salamander wasn't in the gratis collections
You guys know as its life force if you don't deal with the import love life force
Yeah, that's like one of the best ones. It's not in the collection. Yes. I agree sad
bad Konami bet will you
Mikotoff we
Know it's somebody for what because they didn't put salamander in the granny's collection salamander
I don't care. I'm okay. I care
Rabble rabble rabble Xbox Live arcade rabble rabble
No comment. All right
Rama yeah anything else on your mind
Something to talk to Loki about.
Okay, Loki, you talked about last week how the anime video games aren't doing as successful as expected.
I can tell you one of the reasons why.
One of the reasons is because some of these games are already being played on import at anime cons,
and then when these companies bring them over, the main thing that the fans complain about,
they want the Japanese voices, and they're originally taken out.
They take them all out and and the fans don't really want to buy them. Well, stop doing that
You don't know that's what they do. That's not in soul caliber. You can pick between the two
I love that especially toshinden three. That's all my all-time favorites. Yeah, I
Mean I got narrow to fit ninja and I'm dealing with half the voices
I'm like, come on when they did that half ass
You know Yasha fighting game you had the option of Japanese and English voices
I mean when they did the 2d fighter from ps1, they threw us a bone. I'm like, come on
Let's go for it. Well Rama this calls running long. We gotta let you go, buddy
We want to get some other folks in but thank you so much for the call. Have a good one
Okay, I kind of took up most of your time. I apologize. No problem. It's all good. All right, you're on every week
Anyway, all right later
All right, Skypline's open we'll take one more call I we don't have a lot of time for a lot of calls tonight
So one more call here's someone else who calls in every week. Hi, you're on Orange Lodge radio. Who's this Ravens dolphin?
Hi, what's on your mind Ravens dolphin? One thing do you do you like online rental games?
I know you've mentioned about pre-ordering how about going to the next stream online rental you talking about like game fly. Yeah
Um, I haven't used it myself
I use
Netflix and I think that was a big mistake because I've had the same movies for about six weeks now because I've been doing so
Much traveling lately. I haven't even watched them. My roommate uses a game fly. I think it's a good idea
I
It's hard for me to comment on it because I haven't really used it firsthand and I don't want to comment on something
I haven't used but it's something I I'm if I cancel my Netflix
Which I'm probably going to I will probably shift over to gamefly because I just play more games than I watch movies
I just really well. What do you think do you use it? I?
Just signed up day and I'm just trying it out. What do you think? What do you think so far?
How was the setup online and everything and the ease of getting started?
plus
Super seamless, all you have to do is just create your game queue and they'll send it to you unlimited
And that's what I like because games are getting expensive Sony wants to put $100 to $50 per game now
You know, it's interesting. It's gonna be very interesting to see what the
Online rental market is gonna do to some of the game ideas. That's I guess this kind of stuff's getting bigger and bigger. So
Interesting. I am tempted to check it out
Why you know, we do we do a podcast that lots of people listen to can't one of these companies. Give us a free one
OK, maybe that's just my ego getting in the way I guess.
I might check it out, but again I don't want to have that and Netflix
Although I have a friend that has them both.
A co-worker of mine uses it and seems to like it.
So I'll check it out one of these days.
But for now I'm more of a collector.
I bet if Dark Sakura here, that would be her angle on it.
She likes to collect them.
So she likes to own them.
And actually have them.
I'm very I do know one that does rent legend games, but I can't remember it
All right. All right, buddy. Well, thanks for the call. Have a good one. Okay?
All right. All right. Well, we'll see you later
Bye. Bye. Bye
Hmm. I found something interesting. What's that?
I found a picture of
An Xbox 360, uh-huh motherboard and they're saying that it's gonna get an HDMI
HDMI out upgrade and that they're putting good HDMI out port right next wait. No bad. I already have an Xbox
Well shit, so that this is on Kotaku
From a game stop and then we can put that credit towards a new one
Not that I really need HDMI out, but I think that's kind of interesting that they have that
on there all right well any more stories anybody has Loki I don't have anything I
don't think I have anything either all right well then I think we're gonna go
ahead and wrap it up so let's go around and get everybody's final thought Shane
thank you for sitting in with us tonight I noticed you actually put World of
Warcraft away at some point and actually yeah it was annoying to play and listen
to people I'm sorry we ruined your night final thought um women shouldn't be
allowed to vote oh Loki your final thought my final thought is actually the
official statement from Sony regarding the Apple logo on their site in a recent
update the PlayStation 3 section of the US PlayStation comm website an external
error was made during the upload process and the Apple icon was mistakenly placed
on the site we immediately fixed the problem apologize for any confusion this
may have caused they copied they stole it from somebody but they're not copping
to it Sony bad Sony anyways my final thought is I want ice cream thank you
guys for tuning in and listening to orange lounge radio and supporting
independent video game radio we really appreciate it you guys are awesome we
love our fans we love our chatters thank you chat room for tuning in and
listening tonight nominators damn it what actually have something I'm
supposed to say on what's that okay um I hate sky is cool I think that's what I
was supposed to say okay thank you cut that out like you want to whatever
things I say out all right uh that's it have a great week everybody we'll see
you next time on orange lounge radio we'll be back on a normal time taping
next week on Sunday all three of us will be here it'll be a blast thanks for so
much for tuning in. Remember, no Part B this week.
