Tonight, July 16th, 2006, Target pulls UMDs from shelves, new rumors are floating around
about the Wii controller, and is Konami planning to directly compete with Guitar Hero?
Hello, everybody, and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
This is episode number 191 for this July the 16th of 2006, but if you can't listen live
to us on Sunday nights, which we're back on recording Sunday nights after a two-week little
displacement there, you can always download our podcast at orangeloungeradio.com, which
is released in two sections, part A on Monday-ish and part B on Wednesday-ish.
My name is Rob Roberts.
You might know me as Sky.
as always say hello to Loki yes I'm here yes he's here Dark Sakura is coming
she's just running late tonight she was in the Bay Area this weekend doing
something and she's running a little late but she says she will be here in
time for part B and she might even make it to the show depending on how long we
run during part a I told her whenever she gets here just barge on in and say
hello so we'll be looking forward to hearing from her very sure you didn't
to tell her to do that she'll just kick the door down i'm here uh anyway we'll see the traffic was
horrible okay yeah what do you want to bet when she gets here there's going to be some type of
rant about the traffic but i already know there was an accident she told me she told me part of
the reason she wasn't here is that there's an accident that on one of the highways that kept
her excellent she'll be bright and cheery all right bright good we'll try to we'll try to time
the fus of the week in time for her arrival but i don't know we gotta we gotta plan we gotta stick
Anyway, we do have the one and only Miklotov filling in again.
You never leave.
I try not to.
Alright, but Miklotov has something very important he's going to say tonight.
It's somewhat.
It's probably about women.
Alright, anyway.
Yeah, actually when DarkSakura gets here, maybe her and Miklotov will have a fight.
That would be pretty cool. Maybe there will be hair pulling and all that good stuff.
Alright, anyway, we do like to talk about video games here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Radio, and we like to start it off always by talking about our gaming week.
So, Loki, why don't you go ahead and start us off tonight with how was your gaming week?
It was okay, I got two new games, got of course ChromeHounds and Prey, and I haven't played
much of Prey, I've played a little bit of ChromeHounds, basically you have to go through
all the training missions, as you would call them, and they have it split up into like
six different sections for each type of class you want to do.
And you unlock parts that way because basically if you want to build a mech you got to play
through the whole single player game in order to get some good parts.
And so I've been playing that and playing a lot of Ridge Racer.
I'm kind of done with that game because when you finish the races and you have a harder
set of races then you have an even harder set of races and it just keeps going and going
and going.
like that with the the PSP version I played it up through like the pro
section that's like I'm done this game it's all the same damn shit all over and
over again and Ridge Racer 6 is no different and that's another reason why
I will not be buying Ridge Racer 2 when that comes out for the PSP it's just
gonna be same damn shit all over again. That's so weird to me that you already
have Ridge Racer 6 yet they're gonna go back and do Ridge Racer 2 I know it's
like different. It's Ridge Racer PSP 2. I know it's different but it's still just kind of
of weird when you talk about it.
Well, the thing that sucks about it though is that they have all the same tracks.
Like the PSP one had a lot of the tracks from all Ridge Racer 5 and back, and so I had played
a lot of them in Ridge Racer 4 because R4 was awesome, but I'm like, oh yeah, I remember
this track, so you know how to race it already, and the drifting is just completely wrong
anyways.
And I played...
I'm done with the game.
just need to sell it before it drops price again and just get rid of it so I can buy
more games in August. The other game I played was Xor, and basically this is a Japanese
only Xbox 360 game but doing a nifty little region trick you can download a demo that's
on the live marketplace right now. It's an interesting game, reminds me a bit of Zone
of vendors just the way the combat system is. It is kind of neat though because you
use the right analog to kind of switch targets to which one you want to fire against. And
then basically you have your normal shot and charged shots and then this kind of like special
attack which is just more charged shots. It's neat. I wouldn't buy it but it's kind of neat.
Play a little bit of Frogger and what can I say Frogger is Frogger. And yeah I think
that was I'm still playing through blazing angels you know the games now
to the point where I just want to be over I love how every week you come like
for the past four or five weeks and I've come on the show I've been playing
blazing angels this week I hate it yet it's been like the past five weeks you
haven't stopped playing it I have to play the game throw away the last
achievement man last achievement true points horror true points horror well I
have to and the fact that they make these different modes like arcade mode
mode, and the mini campaign mode, and the campaign mode, they're all the same, all the
same.
The only difference between the arcade mode and like say the mini campaign mode, mini
campaign mode, you fight 20 planes, that's it.
In the arcade mode you fight 3 waves of 12 planes, and that's give or take because it's
really been kind of glitchy, like I'll shoot the first 4 planes in a wave or something
really quick, and the second wave will start, yet for some reason more planes will come,
And those planes don't count towards my, you know, amount because they're still the same
planes from the first wave.
It gets confused sometimes.
I also need to introduce our other guests we always have every week here on the program,
our chat room over at orangeloungeradio.com, www.orangeloungeradio.com, click on chat if
you are listening live on Sunday, come on over and join in the fun and we read your
comments throughout the show.
In fact, Eddie was responding in our chat room to something Loki was saying earlier
when he was making fun of Jamie for always bitching about traffic, saying that, Loki
rants about traffic too so you know that's that's true I do remember your
past few I've used the week have been about traffic so I think you just got
pwned okay let's see oh here we go you will bow to me once know exactly how
many achievement points do you have these a lot we always call you an
achievement points horror but you really don't have that many I don't I some
people I just don't have enough time to play stuff but I don't you break like
3,000 yeah okay but that's a lot I only have like 12 it's mainly well it's
mainly I'm just trying to like, what I try to do is I sit down with a game that you know
I want to get rid of like you know Ridge Racer or, what was it, Blazing Angels and I just
play it and play it and play it and play it until I finally get all the achievement points
and then I go and sell it. And my game after Ridge Racer and Blazing Angels, the next one
is going to be Rumble Roses XX because that game was lame. Luckily though, Blazing Angels
and Rumpelroses I did not pay for. I got those free
from Konami and Ubisoft. Yeah, they were really
thankful to give those away but
Ridge Racer did spend money on and to be honest, you know, Ridge Racer is fun.
It's fun but it was okay. I think there's better racers on
360 right now but I had fun with it. It's a fun game. As a more traditional racer that's not
like blow shit up it's pretty good. I would like to see the next burnout
you know something that's made from scratch and not a port
I think that'd be better. Or maybe, I don't know, this is a good arcade racing game
is what we need out there. Alright, anything else you've been playing this week?
I think that's it. Uh, Grand Theft Auto, of course. Always.
Um, my gaming week was, well I've been doing a little bit traveling again, so
you know, I was in LA the first part of the week and I was in
um, hello, Reno yesterday, thank you.
Been a long week, what can I say, but I have had a little bit of time in there to play some other games.
I checked out Frogger on Xbox Live Arcade, I mean, hell, it was five bucks and I wanted
something new, so I was kind of a sucker, I got it.
And it was actually a lot better than I expected.
I was expecting it to just be a straight arcade port with not a lot of extra frills, but I
think it's kind of cool that they have some extra stuff, like they did enhance the graphics
for whatever it's worth, I mean, it's nothing to scream about.
It looks like they enhanced it from the Atari 2600 style graphics that it used to be, well
Well actually, I'll give it more of a credit, more like NES style graphics, they souped
it up to like, Super NES style graphics, so it's still not that great, but you know, it's
alright.
But the game, you know, it's amazingly simple and will entertain you for a little bit.
I do like the fact they have co-op modes in there and some other multiplayer modes, except
I only played one co-op game, but it was laggy as hell.
I mean, it was to the point where, you know, you would press the button to hop and it would
take a minute before the guy would actually hop and in Frogger you know
timing is a lot so that would really screw you up
I don't understand since in co-op you're not really going head to head it's like
both people
are playing on opposite sides working to one score
I don't see why they just couldn't have it running and then the other side kinda
catches up
I don't know I just would have done it differently maybe I maybe I miss
something I don't know but
it did to be honest that's not that great a co-op
I mean it's just two people playing at the same time working towards one score, you're
not even playing on the same playing field.
It's opposite play fields and it just splits the screen in two, so it's kind of weird.
So I guess, you know, for five bucks though, you know, you can't expect a lot and to be
honest it's better than the cell phone version which I think runs just as much, so why not
go and get this if you are interested in all and some retro-ness there.
It's cheap five dollars.
The other game I played, I checked out the Prey demo on Xbox Live Arcade, of course there
was a lot of this talk about, oh the demo was delayed and dah dah dah, I wasn't really
following all that because this wasn't a game I was super excited about because I don't
really get into first person shooter games a whole lot.
But Prey was kind of neat.
I think I liked it as well when it was called Doom 3, no I'm kidding, it's definitely on
a...
More like I liked it better when it was called Duke Nukem 3.
This is very obvious so there's a lot in common with the Doom 3 interface, and to be honest
I haven't done my research on the game, I'm not sure if they use the Doom 3 interface.
That's not a surprise at all, honestly, I can tell.
You instead of having a flashlight, you have a lighter.
But you do have the gravity stuff, which is kind of cool, like you can walk up these ramps
and go upside down and stuff.
But the problem is that I have a hard enough time conceptualizing 3D space.
I don't know if it's just me having been an old school gamer since Atari 2600 days that
when everything started moving into 3D I had a hard time sometimes conceptualizing 3D space
like levels and things and so to be able to run upside down and up walls and stuff is
even more confusing to me and trying to figure out how the levels laid out but I mean it's
okay the game control is pretty good I didn't play multiplayer I only played single player
I did think to the game's credit I thought the setup was really good and the drama in
the opening parts of the game were done very well and very seamlessly and I
thought it was kind of cool like you could really put yourself right in the
action but yet it's a first-person shooter now granted Doom 3 did the same
thing kind of at the beginning but I think Prey kind of improved on that so I
like this I wish I could have gotten far enough into the demo where I are into
the game really from the demo or I could see more of the story and how it plays
out but I do really like that you don't have cutscenes in this game really it's
just it's all done within the engine I think that's very cool so you know you
can definitely tell how far technologies come when you when you don't have much
of a need for cutscenes anymore I remember playing pre-demo and all I did
was I walked up to the little machine one of the arcade machines in there and
it was like a pac-man demo and I played that going over to the chat room looking
at some questions there.
Ubuntu Maniac 64 says, Sky would die playing F-Zero X and GX then because of all the ramps
and upside down.
No, actually, I really, really, really enjoyed F-Zero on the GameCube.
I was a little annoyed with the arcade version because it only had six tracks.
But otherwise, I thought the game was magnificent and I wish they'd done more with the arcade.
I think the arcade and home link-up was six.
The arcade and home link-up was a brilliant idea and it needed to be expanded on.
No, actually in a racing game it doesn't bother me so much, I mean, granted you go upside
down in ramps, but there's still really only one path or branching paths in a racing game,
you know, it's not that complicated.
You don't have these, like, this, you know, teleportation bullshit, you know, or, you
know, the...
I'm not...
Yeah.
I'm not...
Yeah, I'm not totally incompetent when it comes to, you know, visualizing 3D, okay,
give me a little credit, but I'm telling you Prey really pushes the envelope, yeah, because
you go through portals, like suddenly this box will now be a portal into another place
in the level and it's like, okay I'm going across, and I have no map, I don't, you probably
can bring it up easily but I didn't even figure out how to bring up a map in the demo, and
usually, and somebody else had commented, have I ever played Descent, it looks like
23Magus was asking have I ever played Descent, actually yes, and I actually really enjoyed
Descent, but Descent also had a map button that I would press like every five seconds
to see where I am, that's why I like games with Minnie Mouse.
Hated Descent, hated that game.
I actually kind of enjoyed Descent, but see you know what 3D game really just was Metroid
and a lot of people really into Metroid Prime
and for some reason the little levels, the head to head levels are cool but like
those big massive Metroid levels
especially in the first it's just too much
I don't know
and just the fact that it wasn't Metroid to me I mean I
remember Super Metroid and it's one of the best video games ever made
So I was mentioning in the chatroom that the Saints Row demo is out on the Xbox magazine.
Oh really?
I haven't got my new issue yet.
I don't remember if I've run out of issues or not.
I can't remember when I subscribed to that.
But I know the last few demo discs that they've had on there have been crap.
It's been just like, you know, demos that have been on live forever.
Like I think one of the months was Call of Duty 2, Quake 4, and Condemned or something
like that.
Wow, these were awesome back in November.
Well anyway, as far as Prey goes, I'm going to withhold making a real judgement call on
the game until I can play the full version and get a little hands-on multiplayer, but
you know what can I say, I love the fact that you can download demos for free and judge
for yourself if you like the game or not.
So what do you need me to review this game for you for?
Go download the demo and see for yourself.
If you like shooters, if you like Doom 3, I think you'll like Prey.
Here's my major bitch on this game.
No split-screen multiplayer.
Now I understand that's not a big deal for some people that do the LAN parties and stuff
like that, but when I'm playing at work, or playing at home, and I have some friends over
and we want to bust out this game, we can't do that.
You cannot play split screen multiplayer on there.
So that kind of sucks, but they do have, like I said, the link mode and they also have over
live.
I don't know, that's why I like Call of Duty 2, because you can split up 4 screens.
You know, yeah, the screens may be small, but so what?
It's still fun, and I'd rather have that, but yeah, it wouldn't be able to work.
Jaded2006 in our chat says, Pray is a LAN party game.
It's not meant for split screen multiplayer.
Tough!
I want split screen multiplayer!
Alright, I will make the decision, I'm glad that they have that mode in there, but I will
make the decision whether I want to use it or not.
If I really want to keep, you know, a really tiny ass little section of the screen for
my view, that's fine, you know, but I don't have, you know, four Xbox 360s and four high
def TVs that I can, you know, share with my friends.
Alright, let's keep it moving, because we want to get to the news here.
Miklotov, how was your gaming week?
I played World of Warcraft, and that was just this weekend.
That's about it.
Yeah, but when you say you played World of Warcraft this weekend, you played all weekend,
right?
Yeah, I played, it was Warsong Honor this week, so, or Double Warsong Honor, so I had
keep playing and playing and playing now what do you get for racking up a bunch
of points in the pvp war song goal i don't know
i just want to keep playing i just know i have to do it is it like an internet
penis thing like you want to have the big title in front of your names that
you're special or what no but i like seeing the bar fill up for
each little um thing i become honored or friendly
with okay serious question though how many hours would you say this weekend
alone did you play war song gold holy crap um
total 12 wow
it was really fun though because I kept owning people
sadly enough I think I know probably people that are more addicted to World
Warcraft than that
I'm not addicted, I just like to have my little bursts
I was in Reno randomly yesterday as I mentioned before and
we were at a restaurant at Circus Circus kinda later in the evening
and this guy was very very drunk and with his very very drunk girlfriend was
trying to start a conversation with us you know how like there's some drunkies
that'll do that, like try to start a conversation with strangers.
Yeah they're stupid.
And there's a right way to start a conversation with strangers, and there's a wrong way to
do it like,
Hey!
Hey!
How ya doin' dude?
Hey guy!
That's how he sounded too.
He sounded like Animal from The Muppets.
Hey guy!
And he actually said, I'm a WoW player!
And I'm like, you're a WoW, you're retarded.
Yeah, I'm like me too.
But then he tried to tell me, he's like, yeah man, I like EverQuest on the PlayStation 2,
to run it and you have to play a watered-down version.
Wow, I never knew that!
Oh, is this EverQuest 2? Because I was going to say, you can't really water down EverQuest 1.
Yeah, you can. You can open up Microsoft Paint
and just draw things there and it looks almost as good.
Alright, anything else you've been playing this week, Mikaela?
Well, I've been kind of sick and while I was waiting for
Warsong Gulch to queue up, I just play a lot of Uwendan
and Koth on the screen.
It was pretty terrible. Please tell me that's not my screen.
My DS Lite screen. And know what else he played?
He forgot to mention that.
What did I play?
In the Groove 2.
Oh yeah, I played In the Groove 2. Oh yeah, I forgot. We were all at the Arcana Pro.
I played In the Groove 2, too. I don't...
I did not touch In the Groove 2, other than to step on the panels, which,
by the way, the dance pad used to be a Max 2, therefore it is still kosher.
You know, it's like...
it's like pre-op, okay?
But it's still, you know, it's still DDR, it's just got stickers on it, you know, but...
I hate In the Groove and all, but they did get a couple really good songs, and so, and
the steps were fun for those songs.
I won't touch like 98% of that game, but there are like three songs that I'll play.
Yeah, and here's the thing, is that Miklotov, not only will he play those same three songs
over and over, but then he'll like stand by the machine and try to get everybody else
to play the same damn song.
He's like, play this, play this, I'm like, no, goddammit, I want to find my own song
to play.
But you didn't want to find your own song.
Cuz you'll pick a crappy
I was going through all the songs listening to clip see if there's anything I wanted to play in there really wasn't a whole lot
But to be fair
To be fair. I didn't know the songs there's like three song when I you know what but when I did DDR Supernova the first
Time I did that too. I went through the whole thing
I'm like, I don't really know if I want to play. I don't know if I wanna play a play tierra buena
It's the best. All right, forget it. Anyway, let's
We did play Q's are in that was awesome. Sure. It was awesome
Except not.
Let's get into tonight.
Shout out to LazerQuest back in Wichita for being better.
Oh, LazerQuest sucks.
Alright, can we get into the news tonight please?
Thank you.
Start off with a little PSP news, but unfortunately this might be a bit of bad news for some of
you PSP fans.
Target stores have recently pulled the UMD movies.
GamePro recently got a scoop that UMDs are now being discontinued in all Target stores
this as of last week.
You know what though? Honestly, UMDs, $10 more expensive than a DVD, yet less extras.
It never really made sense to me. I mean, sure you can do it on the go, but you can
also get a DVD player for on the go. You know, I think I own like one UMD movie and that's
it.
I still want the Silent Hill one, the Silent Hill experience, but that's about it.
Now that is a better idea.
That's not totally a movie though.
Yeah, that's a much better idea because that's more like interactive, you know.
the Metal Gear comic that came out. Exactly, that's where things should be headed.
It sounds like we'll be headed, but we'll see. The thing, I think what's kind of funny
about the whole Target and pulling the UMD thing is, who cares, because Target didn't
really have a selection of UMDs in the first place, and the second thing is, kind of, Sony
is pushing this brand new, like, one gig memory stick with movies already on there.
Oh, so you think maybe it's a matter of Sony might go to this digital distribution thing
I only want to do digital distribution for everything because they're a little sad that
their UMD format didn't take off, which the only thing I did think was pretty good about
it is the fact that it's covered in a plastic case and you can't really scratch this thing
unless you really try.
Which is good.
I think that's how they should have done BluRay or something like that and have it in an old
style...
That's probably why they're more expensive though.
This is a plastic case.
They're not more expensive actually.
It's just...
They'll charge for everything.
Whatever. It's still, though, I think that was a pretty cool idea, just because, you know, it's good for the rental market, but the whole packaging of UMD with, and by the way, these aren't exactly my favorite picks of movies, like was it Hitch, Triple X, um, god, and there was, like, Stealth, and something else.
They just won't let Stealth die.
Stealth was a bad movie.
I'm going to a chat room, orangeonstrategy.com, and
Maury says, I'm amazed they didn't drop them earlier, referring to the UMDs.
Because they're stubborn. You know, I want their stuff to work. You bring up a good point though
about the digital distribution here. You know,
everybody kind of is assuming, and you know, it would make logical sense that
Apple, with their video iPods, are going to get into movie distribution by the
end of the year. Like,
that'll be the way that they sell iPods this Christmas, is that video iPods will
come out with a little larger of a screen,
and they're gonna sell movies through the iTunes Music Store.
In fact, it's already somewhat been confirmed because I believe there's
been news reports about
Apple trying to negotiate with the movie companies and they want to do...
they don't want a flat rate for all the movies. They want varying,
you know, depending on how new the movie is and all that stuff. So maybe Sony's just
trying to beat them to the punch a little bit.
I mean, hypothetically, Sony could set up like a PSP store
to download movies on your stick and that would be kinda interesting
if they could beat Apple to it I don't think it would be enough
you know I you don't think of a lot of people don't think
of you know a gamer might be different but the
the normal average person probably doesn't think of hey if I'm gonna go
listen to music on the go
I'm gonna use my PSP I think the general public still views the PSP as a gaming
system
it's yeah basically is a gaming system it's a gaming system that can also view
movies if I want it's like
if I'm tired of playing a game I can pop in a movie but to be honest
I don't wanna sit for like 3 hours or 2 hours in front of my PSP trying to watch a movie.
It's not fun.
And even like the Spiderman 2 UMD that was in there with the PSP, I just don't care.
I think it's lame, I don't know.
But whatever.
Speaking of things being pulled, Sony has actually pulled their PSP ad campaign in the
Netherlands.
The one that's been getting people all pissed off with the fact that it's got black and
white people in it, oh my god, and there's got to be something racial about it.
Well apparently, you know, all the bitching and moaning by the US, which is stupid because
they shouldn't have even been getting in this business anyways, it's a different country,
but they pulled it anyways, and basically, yeah, the campaign's gone.
Thank you people in the United States and other places that were complaining about stuff
that's not even going to be visible in your country.
Well, we talked about this a little bit more in depth last week, so if you want to hear
our thoughts on this controversial issue, go download last week's show, episode 190.
But we invited you guys in our voicemail of the week segment to leave your thoughts on
what you thought about the whole controversy behind what was going on.
So I thought we could play a couple voicemails.
Some of you guys left some really good points, but your voicemails were really, really long.
We didn't have quite enough time to play them.
But I enjoyed listening to them, and I will share them with Dark Soccer and Loki later
But I'm gonna play two kind of short feedback ones that I thought were pretty good here in our voicemails of the week
Here's voicemail number one
Hey, this is Mac man, and in response to your question of course Sony isn't of course
Sony isn't racist. They're just risky
Remember the 10 years of passion sign or the take a jumping take a running jump here on the subway sign
They've done this before, except this time it involved two women of different color trying
to kill each other.
Sony got us, but the important part is, Sony got us to talk about the white PSP, didn't
they?
See you on the flip side, Mac Man.
Very interesting because he says there that, yeah, it got everybody to talk about the white
PSP, didn't it?
Here's the point.
And Sony kind of has this history of doing these pushing the envelope ads.
What they really need to focus on was, and I think a lot of people miss this, it wasn't
white and black.
It wasn't these two people fighting each other.
It was chick fight.
It was a chick fight.
And nothing brings out a crowd of people like a good chick fight.
Like a drunken chick ball, just right outside of a bar, just beating each other up.
That sells PSPs.
But unfortunately, you know, everyone had to bring color into it.
But it's all about cat fights.
So it's just a good old-fashioned cat fight.
It's a good old-fashioned cat fight.
And to be honest, I think the whole ad campaign was a bit skewed anyways because they did
have like 100 different images, and of course the one where it shows the white person beating
up on the black person.
Oh my god!
Racist!
But, you know, when it's the black person beating up on the white person, it's just...
Oh my god, LA!
Let's do another.
This is our last voicemail.
Just a couple short ones this week.
Let's hear this next voicemail.
Hi there, this is Apollo from Nashville, Tennessee.
I'm just giving my thoughts on the whole Sony billboard ad thingamajig.
I just wanted to say that I think, since Sony's a worldwide company and they've got their
hands all over the world, I think that they're perfectly aware that race is still a very
controversial topic in many places, and I kind of think that they should be more cautious
to make sure that they're not releasing advertisements that are obvious targets for criticism.
I guess regardless, it did get released, so I don't know.
I don't think their message was that white is better than black, and I don't think that's
what they intended to think, and I don't think they wanted to say that white people are better
than black people.
So I think it's kind of ridiculous that people are making a huge deal out of it, but at the
same time, Sophie should have been watching for it.
But anyway, that's just all I wanted to say.
Love you guys' show, and I hope you hear from me too.
Bye.
Thanks for the voicemail.
It was very nice.
I like how that person says that Sony kind of knew what they were doing in a way, like
using the race would probably come up, but the fact that maybe it wasn't necessarily
they were trying to say that white is better than black, and I don't think anybody really,
I don't know, maybe some of these congressmen feel that that's what they were trying to
say, but I don't think that's what they were trying to say, especially when you see all
of the ad campaign, but maybe we're just trying to use the contrast, I guess was their big
thing.
especially in hearing about some of these other ads, it was just about showing different
types of contrast, and certainly that was a contrasting image, but it also polarized
the community in many different ways.
Any final thoughts on this issue?
I don't know.
I think the whole issue is stupid to begin with, but then again, Sony is known for stupid
ad campaigns sometimes, but so is Microsoft though.
I don't know.
I think people that are advertising for video game systems really need to simplify things.
Do what Nintendo does.
I mean, at least theirs, you know, they show the games and, you know, here's what's on
the DS Lite, check it out, you know, and then people buy the DS Lite or buy, you know, whatever.
Except no one bought the GameCube for that, I don't know, whatever ad campaign they were
doing for the GameCube just didn't work.
Alright, now if you'd like to leave us a voicemail, our phone number is 916-226-9067, but please
remember if you don't pay the phone bill, please ask whoever does their permission before
you call in because that's not an 800 number, it's not a toll-free call.
Or you can always call us on Skype, username OrangeLawnsRadio, when we are not live.
That way you get our voicemail.
It was just like the whole Xbox 360 advertising campaign jump in.
It made no sense.
It had nothing to do with the Xbox 360, it's like, people having fun, Xbox 360.
And like I said before, I've probably mentioned this before, we had a project in our high
school economics class to create a product and make a commercial for it.
product and my friend he created took a bunch of clips from like different TV
shows and showing explosions and stuff and just one big long montage set to
music and the very end buy bumper stickers it was great because it it was
just something that entertained you but it had nothing to do with the product I
helped my friends in Spanish class my senior year of high school they had to
do a commercial but in Spanish so we did a condom commercial and they got an F
for doing a condom commercial.
Oh come on, that's retarded.
But I remember because we were all sitting around the bed,
like we would film, we just filmed the product on the bed
and everybody was pushing the bed
so it was going up and down.
And they failed, but it was really funny
and if that was on TV, if that was on Univision,
I think it was funny.
Bitch teacher.
Anyway, I'm sorry.
A voicemail topics for this week,
I want to give you guys a topic for this week, and it kind of goes into our next story here.
This is a great blog piece that was on a website called Twitch Guru.
It's actually kind of old, it's an older piece, but it was picking up some notoriety on gaming
blogs.
I mean, literally you'd have to go back to September of 2005 to see this piece, but for
some reason it was getting picked up by a bunch of sites this week, so that's how it
caught our attention.
But you can ask this question anytime.
This is kind of a timeless issue, yet it's not.
Are video games getting easier?
Think about it.
In the 1980s, you had things like Pac-Man, where it was pretty hard to get far into that
game.
I mean, seriously, what's the furthest you've ever gotten Pac-Man?
Or think about Ms. Pac-Man, have you ever gotten past the first two boards?
You know how there's the pink board and there's the blue board?
Have you ever gotten to the red boards or the ones that come later on?
The old games there were really, really hard, but games today don't seem to be as challenging.
It seems to be there's more finite, a way to finish them.
You know what's funny too is a lot of those older games like Pac-Man and Mrs. Pac-Man
they see as like approachable games for people even though they are harder.
That's kind of funny.
So I'm curious, what do you guys think?
Are video games getting easier as time goes on?
I think they're dumbing them down for the dumb people out there that buy video game
systems and there's a lot of them out there, so yeah.
Because they're also afraid, you know, that their reviews on the games or whatever are
the game was too hard and I returned it because I couldn't do it and also they
also kind of want to make sure that people play through the game so that
they go and buy another one you know and the article continues to speculate that
possibly one reason why games get easier is because they want to target the
casual gamer well the casual gamer buys the so-called casual games like pac-man
Galaga, Frogger, Gauntlet, uh, wait, these were all harder games, what the hell, I mean,
I don't get it. I think what it is is less complex games, maybe. They're simpler concepts
but harder difficulty. So, you know, Pac-Man's easy. You know, Gobble Dots.
Isn't that what, and that's kind of what the Wii's selling point is, right? Pick up the
thing and go. Yeah, simple games. Anybody can learn. You can make a simple game that is really hard.
It's just, you know, don't make it so complex with 52 buttons.
I mean that's, it's basically, you know, Pac-Man,
pick up dots, you know, and eat ghosts.
Pretty simple. You don't even need to use a button, just a joystick for it. So,
I don't know. Tigerclaw makes an interesting point in our chat room. Back in the 80s,
video games were more about getting high scores so you could enter your initials
in the top 5 or 10.
I used to have the top score on a moon patrol machine at the
local pizza parlor. I rock. Anyway, we're curious about your thoughts on this. Are
video games getting easier?
Or is this just where the market is headed and it's not that the
games are getting easier? I mean, think about some really hard games that have come out like
Ninja Gaiden and things.
Are video games getting easier? Or is there just the misconception because
games used to be a lot
simpler? They weren't as complex. So we're really curious what you guys' thoughts are on that
and we look forward to hearing your voicemails of the week. We'll play some of our
favorites on next week's show.
Awesome. Well, I'm kinda speaking a little bit
about difficulty. One thing that's been difficult is Sony selling the
PlayStation 3 to
the gamers out there. Well, one thing that they did supposedly
make, and this was leaked out apparently, was this internal kind of almost like a
Q&A
for E3 for anybody that's working for Sony to be able to answer like press
questions about the
PlayStation 3, and I thought it was quite interesting, some of the things on there.
One of the most interesting things on there is they are really stressing the fact that
the PlayStation 3 is a computer.
In fact, I think it mentions it about six or seven times in here, saying, PlayStation
3 is a computer system.
Then they also basically saying, it's one product with different configurations.
So they're trying to basically say, Sony, we can sell you a PlayStation 3.
It's kind of like Dell, we can build you a custom system.
One interesting thing though about it is that they're saying that the noise of the system
is supposed to be about the same as a slim PS2, so pretty quiet.
Also of course kind of following up with what they said during E3 that it will be able to
support 8 controllers, they're guessing maybe 4 wireless, 4 wired controllers, not sure.
And that the specs are pretty close to final, that was one of the other things.
And that the blu-ray drive is going to be BD Live compliant, in other words you'll be
able to connect to the internet using some of the special features on the blu-ray disc.
Kind of interesting but I thought it was kind of funny though just how much they were stressing
the Playstation 3 being an actual computer system.
In fact, there are some interesting things on here including, right here, it says the
PS3 is being positioned as a computer system, not a computer entertainment system.
Like other computer systems, it can be upgraded through the use of readily available industry
standard adapters.
So they're basically saying any PC, USB components you can use with this PlayStation 3.
Another interesting thing on here is they were asking them the difference between Xbox
live and the PlayStation 3 live and well they kind of dodged the question which was kind
of funny.
But yeah, so it was pretty interesting.
I love this comment in our chat room, Rini says if the PlayStation 3 is a computer system
I want to run Word and Photoshop on it.
Well you know...
Why not?
If the PlayStation 3 is such a computer?
Well they said that you can run Linux on it and in fact you know one of the questions
is, will Linux OS be adopted as you have planned?
And it says, yes, PS3 is a computer system,
and Linux OS is adopted as one of the standard OSes on there.
Our chat room also seems to be running with that story
from a couple weeks ago, where the controller is supposedly
called the Poohs.
And now they're calling it, I see
DMN made a comment here where he says, HD DVD is greater
than Pooh-ray.
And now they're calling it Pooh-ray.
That's cute.
And now even DJ Pooh Eater changed his name to Poohs Eater.
Get it? I still say that story was a piece of poo.
I don't think it's true, but we'll see. We'll see when it comes out. I think
they probably won't call it the Poohs. It'll probably be like, you know, some
infinity sign something or other, but
everyone will call it Poohs. Yeah, everybody's gonna... Seriously, Sony, if you're
listening, just change the name.
Just call it the PS3 controller. Really, it works.
Anyway, one other PlayStation 3 thing that kind of left a lot of people with a question
mark over their head was this trailer that they showed at E3.
You remember?
It was this trailer and then there was all these animals that would come out, yes it
was Africa was the big title, and the people were like, I mean you could seriously, I remember
we were all sitting at the arena interactive lounge where a lot of the all games contingent,
us and some of our cousin shows that all broadcast on allgames.com, we're all kind of sitting
around and watching the Sony thing and there was just this big collective, what the fuck
was that after that trailer?
And we were all kind of speculating what the fuck Africa is going, is it like Pokemon Snap?
And that was kind of the consensus that we came to is it has to be something like Pokemon
Snap until we hear something more.
Well, there has been a little detail about Africa released, but don't expect it to tell
you very much.
Famitsu Magazine came out and revealed that Sony Computer Entertainment's Daisaku Ikajiri
is involved with the game's development.
Now, Ikajiri has also worked on Hot Shots Golf 3, 4, Portable, and Online.
So this game may or may not have something in common with Hot Shots Golf.
That's it!
That's the only detail you get!
Africa...
Yeah, that sounds exciting.
One thing I forgot to mention...
However, in light of recent events, I hope Sony really uses some tact when promoting
this game.
Yeah, well, one thing I forgot to mention in the last story, the one question, how the
PS3 network service is going to be, we'll also start the service at day one where the
differences between Xbox Live and the PS3 network services, I thought I'd just quote
exactly what they said here.
Apart from providing basic features and functions, the most important element is content and
is downloading music in SingStar, purchasing or exchanging game data as we had demonstrated
at the E3 press conference and many other new ways of enjoyment too will be provided."
Wow, that doesn't say anything.
And also the fact that they were also saying that the PlayStation 3 will be only available
in black at launch.
So no white PS3 for you guys.
Well anyways, speaking still of the PlayStation 3, there was an interview with Sony's Phil
Harrison on Joystick.
week and one of the questions, this was during the developers conference in Brighton, and
their question was basically, because right now Sony's kind of being shown as arrogant
and kind of, you know, there's been numerous quotes out there saying, you know, that you'll
buy a Playstation 3 even if there weren't any games for it because it's a Playstation.
So, it was kind of funny though because during the whole interview here, one of the quotes
that they were saying about Kaz, he blatantly said, Microsoft is copying Sony. And of course,
Phil Harrison's remark was, well quotes can be taken out of contests. Well, that was the
actual sentence, though. Taking out, you know, how can you take that out of context? I mean,
that seems pretty clear to me. But anyways, yeah, he didn't like the fact that they were
asking him hard questions, which I thought was pretty funny. But, you know, you gotta
feel sorry for that Phil Harrison guy, because I mean, I remember when they were first talking
about the PlayStation 3 before we knew anything, you know, about the price. It, you know, he's
He's got to cover up for all these higher ups there saying really dumb shit every week
and you've got to feel bad for him or whatever.
I think we should just move on to some Xbox news for a little bit here and I think this
is kind of interesting.
I think we already knew this but the Xbox has been officially discontinued.
At least that's a rumor going around but honestly seeing as I can't seem to find a new Xbox
for sale anywhere.
The Xbox has been officially discontinued.
We're not talking about 360, I'm talking about the regular old school Xbox.
But what's the other rumor that's kind of interesting to note is that there is a new Xbox 360 Pro bundle being prepared by Microsoft supposedly
that has Project Gotham Racing 3 included with it along with a 1250 Microsoft point card and a 3 month subscription to Xbox Live Gold
and it will run you $399.
But what's not mentioned there is, does that include the hard drive?
I'm assuming it does, because normally on live you've got to have a hard drive or a memory card.
I guess that's true.
Or the point, you know, how you're going to spend the points with no hard drive.
So, we'll see. But maybe, would you lose the cables?
No. I think what they'll do is they'll probably just put that out.
It's just going to be a bundle.
You know, instead of, you won't be able to find the system by itself,
then it'll be just coming with that game and stuff instead of the premium bundle or premium system.
SSJ100, Matt makes an interesting observation in chatroom, it's funny that the PlayStation
1 lasted longer in production than the original Xbox.
Well, I don't know, I hope it doesn't happen because that sucks for us because we have
a stockpile of like a thousand units and yeah, it's totally not a good thing.
But anyways, send them to a landfill in Africa.
No, we're not sending them to a landfill, they'll sell.
So one good thing that is going on right now is they've kicked off the Xbox Live gold event
and basically that was to kind of showcase the releases of some brand new Xbox Live games
including of course Street Fighter 2, Galaga, Frogger, and Pac-Man.
And they're going to be releasing them every Wednesday starting with, well, last Wednesday
when Frogger came out.
week you can look forward to cloning Clyde which will be pretty fun and then
of course Galaga following on the 26th Street Fighter 2 on August 2nd are you
sure this time are we sure this is official press release from Microsoft
freaking better be last chance and pac-man on August 9th and I believe
shortly after that there'll be some more stuff coming out but they're trying to
do it you know every you know week or so they're gonna be really seeing a new
title and you know not very expensive they're gonna be about you know five to
ten dollars Street Fighter 2 being ten dollars same with Cloning Clyde
everything else is five bucks. I have this random thought because we were
talking earlier about you know our video games getting you know easier and we're
talking about the retro games so it does seem like these retro games are really
making a comeback slowly but surely with all these retro collections we saw you
know the Atari the Intellivision lives the Midway collections and now kind of
the Xbox Live Arcade sort of getting some new life to the retro games as well.
Is that possibly because people feel that these retro games present a challenge, especially
for the value you get, that really isn't provided by mainstream gaming today?
I don't know.
Maybe.
It's kind of an odd thought.
I don't know.
But it's pretty cool that they're releasing all this stuff finally, since it's been like
a while since UNO came out.
Yeah, that's very good news to hear.
I'm very glad to see that Xbox Live is finally getting some new stuff, so hopefully even
more arcade releases by the end of the year.
Not only are there releases in the arcade category, but they are also getting some releases
in some of the video and movie categories as well.
In fact, I actually downloaded this this week.
It's Halo 3 In The Beginning was released on Xbox Live this week.
In Halo 3 In The Beginning, basically what it is, it's a trailer about making the teaser
announcement for Halo 3 a trailer of a trailer yes it's a trailer about the
making of a trailer and it's not even like the real trailer it's the teaser
trailer but I and so in a way I'm kind of going this is just like the biggest
self-ego inflation piece I've ever seen on a video game console but I don't know
at the same time I downloaded it because it's free and I'm like oh this is pretty
and it's HD and I'll watch anything in HD because it's pretty especially what
has to do with gaming but I did find it was fascinating I mean all the freaking
work that went into making just that you know one-minute trailer they showed at
the e3 speaking of pretty in HD I actually was we're picking up a new
couch this weekend over at RC Willie and we were checking out the electronics
section there and we had one of the guys show me a HD DVD demonstration on a 70
inch plasma screen it looks pretty I don't know if I'd spend the four thousand
dollars on the plasma screen for it but if I had a 7 inch plasma screen you know
a next-gen you know video device would look pretty nice on it but you can
actually see like some of the you know details like the little hairs individual
hairs on like a flower and stuff like that just insane amount of detail all
right well I'm someone just joined us who wants to comment on all this actually
Hi everybody. I am literally just off the road.
I actually had a conversation with DMN when I did my Tuesday show.
Mentioned that basically HD DVD was blowing away Blu-ray for quality.
I think they're about neck and neck if I remember correctly.
But even still I was asking about the 1080p plasma screens out there.
And they didn't have too many at the store.
I mean they carried a lot of stuff.
So, it's good that they're supporting 1080p, but there's not a lot of TVs out there to
choose from, to be honest, so, I don't know, it's kind of interesting.
Alright.
Well, welcome DarkSakura, how are you?
Uh, road-weary.
Yeah?
I'm actually weary of stupid men drivers.
You were right.
Should I put money on it?
What?
We had a bet if you would complain about drivers when you got here to the show.
Don't I always?
Exactly.
At least she admits it!
Amazingly enough, all the bad drivers were male.
Especially the one who was tailgating the person in front of him, skidded off the side of the road, and blew a rocket into my windshield.
I forgot we had somebody else on your mic, so I want to make sure we're not blowing the audience away there. Sorry about that.
With the awesomeness of my voice.
Sorry about that.
Anyway, how was your gaming week? You want to get that out?
Sure my gaming week was actually was a lot of Animal Crossing and a lot of
pinball a lot of pinball. I played so much pinball last weekend. Was it was it
just that show that you called us from last week? Well that and playing pinball
in my garage you know. Did you end up buying any new machines? We did not and actually we
lost out on the Black Knight 2000 we were gonna get because we went back to
check on it and it had been sold to somebody else for $600 can you believe
it and but we are working on a World Cup soccer 94 which is actually one of my
favorite machines for nostalgia value and we actually had two of our triggers
on our last action hero broke so we have to replace that before we can keep
playing it but Dan got our roulette working on our who done it pinball so
that's awesome it now completely works all right sounds fun and I put a lot of
crossing I got an I got a note that our chat room here is just there they're
celebrating that you're back.
We have DMN says, nice of you to show up, Dark Sakura.
Hey!
No, I think you meant that in a good way, though.
Oh, hi.
And let's see, what else?
Morrie says, yay, Dark Sakura's around again.
Life is fun.
Life is always fun with me here at the party every day.
And then somebody referred to, oh, Dark Knight said, Dark Sakura is the queen of the show,
all hail the OLR queen.
And then DMN followed that up with, I thought Skye was the queen of the show.
Screw you.
Anyways.
Anyways. Only on special occasions.
Okay, well anyways, back to the new stuff.
One of the things that actually happened this week was EA's Summer Showcase
and that's basically kind of like their little press event that they have
showcasing their brand new titles that are going to be coming out.
And the top of the showcase, of course, the next-gen version of Half-Life 2
which is going to be on the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3.
So that's pretty interesting that that's been confirmed and not too much of a
a surprise since, you know, it's going to be, you know, it's a pretty major game, especially
now that they're doing the episodes and stuff. And of course, you know, it's exciting and
that also kind of confirms the thing that was on GameStop not too long ago. But yeah,
pretty sweet. And of course I know they were also releasing some other games that I thought
that have been vaporware including actually oh what was it oh god I can't
remember anyways yeah lots of good stuff team fortress 2 that's what it was so
pretty cool all right for those of you guys listening live here on this Sunday
evening we all got booted from chat because we had too many of us trying to
hit the chat room at once all four of us here in the room we're all in the chat
room and we got booted from the server so it's probably gonna be a few more
minutes before we get back in so
apologize for that you guys and we'll work on that at least throughout the break
meanwhile we just gotta keep it running here so I'm gonna go to the next story here
every extend extra has a demo that's been released and
it's only for the PC so even though this game is gonna be coming out for the PSP
you can only get the demo on your PC that's stupid
well here's the thing though is that every extend was actually a PC game
way back in the day so I'm assuming that every extend extra is also coming out for
the PC
So well, why don't they do like another PSP demo because I know that they had what?
loco roko and
You know, there's some well in Japan there was like some
sudoku demo and stuff like that, but
That's about it. I mean this brand new feature that they add to the PSP and they do nothing with
excellent use of the PSP because you know
You know, no one really wants demos to download off the internet, of course, because Xbox
Live's Marketplace demos, no one ever downloads those, especially with the PSP needing people
to buy some of this software out there, because there hasn't really been that many great games
lately.
I don't know, just hear me rant some more.
Alright, well let's go to another story here.
This is something that our music game fans, I'm kind of mad that we're booted from chat
right now because I really would love to get reaction to this, but anyway, Konami has filed
a patent for the title Guitar Revolution.
Now what's interesting about this is that a lot of people are saying, oh well this means
that Konami is planning to compete with Guitar Hero, they're going to go directly head to
head with Guitar Hero, and a lot of people seem to be neglecting the fact that Konami
had a guitar game out in Japan for quite some time
they did release a version here in the US but
it didn't do so well. It didn't come out for the home consoles though. It was only in the
arcade. They had one mix in the arcade. It didn't do so hot
over here. It just didn't catch on for whatever reason.
So we didn't hear much on the guitar freaks front
unless you were an import gamer here in the US for quite some time. But now
they've gone and trademarked the name Guitar Revolution.
So that would indicate if they are planning to revive the franchise here in
the US
They're gonna change the name of it to fit DDR, you know, dance dance revolution and karaoke revolution and all that good stuff
Of course just because they patented the name doesn't mean that they are going to make it
I mean they could just be you know, it could be a concept thing at this time
They just don't want anyone else to jump in on it, but I don't know kind of looks
Like they could be prepping for a new game. What do you think look?
Probably. It makes sense, especially with the success of Guitar Hero. It would be something
that they would probably want to do. I don't know. I think the whole problem before is
they didn't know how to market Guitar Freaks to the people, and now that they've seen how
it's basically been done, they can kind of go from there. So yeah.
So I have to ask Miklatov, if we can get him a mic real quick, because he had to move a
little bit there. How you doing? Good. Okay now what do you I know you can't
really talk a whole lot about this because you you work at Konami or
whatever but surely you must have some thoughts on kind of the reaction out
there that people are having to this? I totally do. First of all I'd like to say
that my opinions do not reflect Konami's opinions just a lot of people that work
there or our opinion or yeah whoever it's my opinion and that's what I'm
sticking to okay so when this guitar revolution stuff came out a wonderfully
crappy site named one up calm decided that one of their idiots would write
about it and his name is Jared Rhea just so everybody knows he also goes by slip
I think I don't know I don't pay attention to him but what he did in his
little blog post is pretty much say how our company actually works internally
which he doesn't know and because he doesn't work there so that's pretty
libelous and he also decided to bash on so like the DDR team that's in America
saying that uh we care more about what songs we get in the game rather than the
quality which is not true because we can't do anything about quality or
songs so he's a moron and then apparently really recently maybe today I
don't know how to read dates he talks about how he and one of my co-workers
are pretty... read read read read read read.
That he's taking credit for
being a catalyst to the DDR
revolution sort of thing in America
and that he's one of the people that is behind
the scenes making everyone move their feet to quote his blog post. Well he's not.
He never worked at Konami. All he is is this whiny little punk that
worked at 1UP.com, he no longer does it looks like, and I pretty much hate his guts,
and he's an idiot. I could say a whole lot more, but it would involve a lot of cussing,
and since I don't do that, I can't say anymore. Let me try to go back to the topic at hand,
because I'm just trying to not go there. I'll go there. I know you will. I'm trying to think,
Okay, what is the public, you have these people that are very vocal about, especially I notice
within the Groove fans, I'm not talking about this blogger, but like in the Groove fans,
have this huge misconception about the way DDR is made in America.
What are the biggest misconceptions people have of Konami in general and the way that
they're making their games, if there's anything you can say on that?
I don't think there's anything I can actually say about that.
All right, well, I think, um, I was going to beat him up.
I think Mieglatov got us started on a segment we like to do here every week on Orange Lounge
Radio called the FUs of the Week.
Every week we like to get a little bit ranty and say FU to things that piss us off.
Dark Soccer, why don't you start us off?
that I've just come off the road a big f-you goes to that guy in the truck who
sent a rock into my windshield and luckily enough it didn't put another
crack in my windshield but it was just very surprising very dangerous how he
was driving and so I got away from as fast as I could and also all the traffic
back to home the 17 but that's another story
Loki, I'd like to say a big FU, and not really a problem I have anymore, to my old couch.
It sucked, and it's gone. Dump that piece of shit in landfill. I have a nice new couch
now. Alright, Niklasov, do you have anything additional?
I'd like to say an FU to oneup.com for being a terrible, terrible site and for hiring people
that have no skills.
I'd also like to clarify the views and opinions of our guests, do not reflect those of the
rest of us.
Let's see.
I'm not done.
What else?
I'll give an FU to Milpitas Golfland because they put all their dancing games right next
to each other.
So now, if I want to go play Pump, I have to weed through the Supernova people and the
In the Groove people, which are taking up way too much space for me.
Oh yeah, I saw a Pump Zero machine in Reno yesterday.
It's really fun.
I didn't play it.
What do I want to give an FU to this week?
Oh, I'll give an FU to Reno for robbing me of $40 from their slot machines.
I thought Reno was supposed to have better slot machines than the Indian casinos we have
here, but I suppose not.
F you to those one-armed bandits taking money from me.
They're supposed to give me money.
That's not fair.
All right, let's get back into some news here, and again, we are still locked out of the
chat room.
There's not a lot we can do.
We're just kind of going to try and keep getting back in there, and we'll be hopefully back
soon.
So, meanwhile.
Yes, excellent.
But meanwhile, I'd like to talk to you guys about Take Two and how they just constantly
like to get in the trouble.
This time they're in trouble with the Securities and Exchange Commission and this luckily has
nothing to do with the whole hot coffee thing, but it actually has to do with the stock option
grants that are made by the company from 1997 to the present.
And basically they're just, they're not having a good day.
And they really need another grant that thought it would come out.
And they better not fuck up the network gameplay on Vice City Stories or I will be pissed.
I will fly my ass down there to beat the crap out of them personally.
I hate those network programmers, god dammit they were so lazy.
Anyways, moving on, speaking of programming, Hellgate London, the source code has been
stolen and leaked to the internet.
Kind of like some other games out there, but yeah so apparently someone on the inside stole
I remember seeing this at E3, the Hellgate London game, but it didn't really play it.
I don't know, interesting.
But yeah, hacker strike again, yay.
Going to another story here, speaking of London-ish, it's about the UK.
It's about the government in the UK.
The British government is actually going to be organizing a census to track the game industry's
growth.
The survey is being administered by Skill Set and this is an entertainment research
group and what they are going to do is they are going to gather data and this could actually
influence decisions made by the parliament later on.
There is a quote from the creative director of Eidos Interactive, the census is a headcount
of the industry.
It helps Skill Set influence government policy makers and public funds for the benefit and
support of the industry and the Skill Set will be going out to company managing directors
and Human Resource Departments, and you can also, if you happen to be one of these people,
you can do it online.
It's available on the Skill Set website at skillset.org slash research slash census,
and they'll start the result calculating on July 12th.
So if you want to influence what's going on in the UK government, maybe a little bit.
It sounds a little bit like, I don't know, it kind of seems like it has some comparisons
to video game voters dot org, but not really.
You know what it comes down to, huh?
It comes down to census or die.
We're going to go ahead and take a break here.
We're going to call it the end of part A. When we come back, more Orange Lounge Radio
with our part B.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream
twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links
to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
