Some former Ubisoft developers have founded a new development studio, Nesting Games,
and have announced their desire to return to, quote, RPGs that are focused on immersion,
great characters, powerful storytelling, and strong gameplay.
First comes the proclamation, then come the delays, then comes the face of the studio
making you their bitch.
Or at least that's what happened with Daikatana, and fingers crossed for Nesting that history
does not repeat.
This is just one hype train.
Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Sommers, and Loki to tell you more about
this and the rest of the week's gaming news.
Starting right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends, out there on the internet.
Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, and we are back with you live once again for this episode
number 884 tonight, September the 19th of 2021.
My name is Rob Roberts, and I'm here with you guys, and I am joined by my co-hosts.
Say hello to Dark Sakura or Jamie Sommers.
Hi, Rob.
Look at my shirt.
Hi.
What's that?
Oh, it's Golden Girls.
Go for gold.
Is that what it says?
That's what it says, and I got it for three bucks at Target on clearance.
Okay.
Oh, hey.
Work.
Hey, we love a sale.
We sure do.
Yeah, but especially a Golden Girls sale.
Yes.
Yes.
We sure have licensed that Golden Girls stuff everywhere.
Like I see more of it now than I did in the 80s.
I mean, I was young.
I was still sad though that the spinoff never took off.
What was it?
Golden Palace?
The Golden Palace.
Yeah.
The Golden Palace.
On CBS, and it didn't have Bea Arthur.
It had the others running a hotel, and they added Don Cheadle was in it.
I remember.
That was one of his first roles.
And I think there was another person that's a little more famous now that was in it too
that played the cook, and I can't remember his name off the top of my head.
I don't remember either, but it was an interesting premise.
I thought it would have been really, really good, but alas.
Alas.
And also thanks to Fat Ninja Diem for the 205 bits.
Yes.
Usually we call that out at the end, but that's all right.
We can always take time for a special acknowledgement.
I just happened to see it, so I thought I'd say it.
Okay, Sia Tabiri says it was...
I was gonna say it was one of Cheech and Chong, but I wasn't 100% sure on it, but it was Cheech
Martin that was in it that played Chewie the chef.
So okay, I should have went with my gut, but I was like, well, if I'm wrong, I don't want
to be wrong.
I should have went with my gut.
We're human.
If we're wrong, I'm sure someone on the internet will call us out later.
Yes.
Someone on the internet will cancel us later for being wrong.
Say hello as well to Techmaster Loki.
Yeah, the only thing Golden Palace ever actually succeeded at, it was a chain of Chinese, Asian
buffet restaurants.
Yeah, not the TV show, yes.
How are you doing?
What's this game behind you tonight?
It looks like VR or something.
It's Power Washing Simulator.
Oh shit.
I've seen demos for that or trailers.
You haven't played it though.
I've heard it.
I haven't either.
Oh, it looks like fun.
Like in a very like, you know, chill out kind of way.
It does look like a lot of fun actually.
Yeah.
I need to pick that game up.
One of my Twitch friends, Luda Bell, she plays this on the weekends and it really is chill
like to the point that I'm trying, I need to see if it's available for Mac on Steam.
I want to do one of those games like Power Washing or like Cookie Clicker or something
like stream that where it's like, there really is no game.
It ends up being a just chatting stream, but with a game playing behind it.
So yeah, to add to that, I mean, there's a lot of games like that.
So there there's also now Lawnmower Sim.
Okay.
Yeah.
It's all the chores just, you know, honestly, honestly, gamify real life on resulting the
game.
Microsoft Flight Simulator is that too, like, sure.
It's a beautiful game.
And, you know, it's intricate with the takeoff and everything, especially if you play in
pro mode.
But once you get airborne, do you know what you do?
You fly and you watch the ground behind under you change as you fly in real time.
So if you're flying from, I don't know, say, O.L.R.'s hometown of Sacramento to Vegas,
you're going to fly for an hour over nothing.
The Mojave just like in real life, the Mojave Desert.
I was pointing out there is a new simulator, though, that's a gas station simulator.
Oh, I don't know about popularity right now.
Yeah.
All of these games I need to get buy them all.
We just really need our Washington, though.
We really need to thank the Penn and Teller because I think they started really the whole
thing with Desert Bus.
I'll acknowledge that.
I mean, I don't know if any of these devs would say they were inspired by Desert Bus,
but indirectly, perhaps they know they were in their hearts.
OK, did you say car washing simulator, Logie?
Gas station simulator.
Oh, because I'm pretty sure there's already a car wash.
We need a car washing simulator.
But I mean, technically, right now we're watching in power washing simulator.
It is car wash simulator.
So I want car.
Well, hear me out.
I want car washing simulator.
But with your choice, bikini, cheerleader, adult adult women, not the creepy stuff.
Bikini cheerleader, adult women or Speedo men.
Your choice.
If that's if that neither one is your approach, then cute animals are doing the washing for
you for you.
I know what we need.
We need a pet salon simulator.
Pet what?
I'm pet salon simulator.
All of these things exist.
Let's see.
So car wash simulator.
There is a car wash simulator already.
OK, good pet grooming simulator.
Perfect.
There is not.
Thank you.
Excellent choice.
Copyright Jamie.
Excellent, excellent alternative by Sia Tabiri in chat.
So I was saying either bikini women or Speedo men, or if neither is what you want, Sia Tabiri
says both Grimace and Birdie from McDonald's.
Perfect.
The McDonald's, the Hamburglar and all that.
What is it?
The McDonaldland friends.
McDonaldland friends.
I was like the McDonald gang.
What are they called?
They're called something.
They are definitely.
Well, the Hamburglar.
Hello.
It's definitely a gang.
And the Fry Guys.
But you know, the Grimace represents the feeling you have after eating too much McDonald's.
Do they still make those playgrounds with like the burgers that are just giant iron
cages for children?
They don't.
They stopped doing that in the 80s, but like I remember going in there.
We used to do that all the time.
You climb up into those giant cages that they have in it.
It's like, why would I want to go up in there?
Because there's like no way to get out if there's other kids in there.
Like you're like stuck in there.
So you better not be claustrophobic or anything because.
You know, it's dangerous.
Now they have like those mini pits like they had at Discovery Zone, you know, the little
crawl around and ball pit ball pit.
Yeah.
It's it's the new thing is it's not, I had friends, every zone, let's ball pit.
I had friends that worked at McDonald's growing up saying that the ball pit was a peepee poo
poo zone.
Like do not do that.
All right.
That is a, that is a high volume peepee poo poo zone.
Like don't do it.
Um, some, I used to go to the Discovery Zone with my brothers and while they were off playing,
I found this one little place that none of the kids would want to go in.
It was basically like a giant hammock and I'd take a nap.
Tiger Claw in chat says they should make a blockbuster simulator where you run the store.
That's that was on the show a few weeks ago.
It's a VR game coming to PlayStation, isn't it?
It was something like it was based on the last blockbuster.
Like I remember that being a thing that we talked about on the show.
SSJ 100 Matt says still have Mayor McCheese statues around that haven't been stolen over
the years by local teens.
Wow.
Those should be.
Yeah, most of the fast food restaurants around here have taken out their playground.
I haven't seen a playground in forever at a fast food restaurant.
There's still some, you know, who has one actually, Chick-fil-A has a playground inside.
They have a ball pit.
Interesting.
It's super tiny.
That's actually what I was thinking about when I was thinking about the fake Discovery
Zone was that, that one Chick-fil-A that Becky used to take her son to.
Huh.
Interesting.
All right.
Anyway, we don't support Chick-fil-A do we?
We could talk about playing in the, uh, uh, the ball pit at the local fast food restaurant,
but we also play video games in our spare time.
Let's get into tonight's kickoff topic, uh, which is a bit of a downer surprise, I guess.
I don't know.
Uh, Loki, this is, this is weird.
It's kind of came out of nowhere.
Loki, why don't you get into the kickoff topic for us tonight?
So yes, unfortunately, and I think that they were in the process of shutting these down.
It just wasn't shut down yet, but, uh, the servers for the little big planet content
for PlayStation three and Vita, um, have been shut down because apparently hackers have
gone in and, um, you know, they were, I guess, DDoSing the servers.
So they right now kept them down because they kept getting Melissa's, our, um, messages
left, um, by the hackers in the game as well.
And they weren't able to trace it back to, um, yeah, they trace it back to a single fan
who was unhappy with Sony's treatment of the franchise.
Yes, that's the perfect way.
So I'm unhappy with what you did with little big planet.
So I'm going to ruin it for everybody.
Ruined everything.
That's, that's, that's great.
Um, it has fucking kids today.
That kid was never locked inside of an iron McDonald's burger.
I guarantee it.
You haven't seen your life flash before your highs inside of a iron hamburger, but, um,
they have brought the little big planet three servers for PlayStation four back online after
a small update, but the PlayStation three, uh, trilogy and the Vita versions are now
permanently deactivated.
So all that user made content, um, all those Alanis more set, you know, uh, levels, they're
all lost to time now.
Um, the Parker Posey worship level, my favorite level that was ever in little big planet.
Yes.
Yeah.
The Parker Posey levels.
Yes.
That's sad.
Um, but I mean, also it's just the fact that it came out of nowhere and it's just, it's
just alarming that, you know, we, cause usually when these types of shutdowns happen, you
have warning, right?
Like, you know, or, or take that whole thing when Sony was like, we're going to close the
PlayStation three and the Vita stores.
Remember that?
And that got dialed back real quick after the feedback.
But, um, usually, I mean, you know, say, uh, foes, uh, on the Microsoft side of the fence,
but it's still the same thing.
Just this week, four is a motor sports seven was sunset it like just in the past few days.
Um, but there was a lot of warning that that was coming.
You know, they, they warn people, they gave the notice, they put the game on sale and
all this stuff.
Uh, but with little big planet, it's just kind of poof gone.
And especially considering what an iconic series that is on PlayStation, that's just
really a bummer.
Now granted, I'm almost certain little big planet three on PlayStation four was probably
a giveaway game, like multiple times, whether it was on PlayStation plus or that whole,
um, at home with PlayStation event during the pandemic, I'm almost positive that game
has come up at some point, but it's, it still sucks, especially on the Vita front.
I mean, the PS three is one thing, but that means no more portable little big planet outside
the single player levels.
Yeah, it's a bummer.
So, um, yeah, I mean, does it, do you think this, um, might discourage people from contributing
to these sorts of communities knowing and having that reminder that their work is in
somebody else's hands at the end of the day?
Really?
No, I don't think so.
No.
One of these days, all those Roblox creations people are making, they're just gonna poof
into the night
and my kids will be disappointed.
My kids won't be disappointed by that time, but, uh, they'll probably be in their thirties
by that time.
There's a lot of content like the little big planet stuff, you know, there's a lot of content
that was good and there's also a lot more content that wasn't so good.
And honestly, that's kind of where Roblox is that music licensing and, or the, uh, piracy
and all sorts of assets and IPs and whatnot, and it's just a wild west of craziness there
that is going to be smacked down at some point.
But yeah, well, little big planet had a lot of those problems as well.
I think they started to crack down on it a little bit, but I'm pretty sure it was a copyright
wild wild west in many ways now.
And it is, you know, we still have to emphasize if I really, really, really want to play the
Parker Posey level all the way back from little big planet one, or I want to play the Bobby
Black Wolf show advertisement level that he was showing off on his show tonight because
we do tape live every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern at the
voice of geeks network, twitch.tv slash vog network, right after the Bobby Black Wolf
show.
I don't think I said that yet tonight, but he had his ad level that was in little big
planet one.
And I technically could still play that on my PS4 copy of a little big planet three,
but for how much long longer, you know, and it sounds like even then those servers were
down for a while while they tried to fix them.
And whatever they had to do to fix it, they couldn't even deploy to the old games because
there's no resources.
There's no money.
There's no time.
There's no all of the above.
Pretty much.
Yeah.
So some days it's a reminder someday, all of these things that we put into video games,
all of these cosmetics that we buy for video games will go away.
One of these days, all that money, dark soccer and I have spent on dead by daylight cosmetics
will be worth nothing.
They will go away.
You mean all the money I've spent on dead by daylight cosmetics, uh, for you or pillars
for you?
Well, I did buy all the steam stuff myself, but yes, my Xbox, my ground level support
was all you.
I bought you some steam.
Oh yeah, you did.
You did.
You did.
Did I buy you pig?
I think so.
Right when I was first getting on steam, but there was, there was a point where I bought
every single thing I was missing.
They were having like a 70% off.
I bought every single thing I was missing except for Ash from Evil Dead.
It's the one DLC I don't have cause I don't need it.
Well, his perks are shit and I don't really, I don't really, you really want to run metal
of man, Rob.
You really want it.
No, no, no I don't.
Anyway.
Um, I, I actually, uh, was in a match on someone doing adept Ash and when I realized it, I
felt so sorry for them.
I just let him go.
Mike Defton chat says, speaking of things not available now, four is the motorsport
seven.
I forgot to buy it.
Whoops.
Well, the good news is get it on disc because they can't take those away now.
I mean the online servers are down.
Uh, so you'll miss out on that part of it, but you can still play the base game if you
can find a disc somewhere.
Um, but yeah, as far as getting to play the version that comes with game pass, not, yeah,
that, that opportunity has gone on by and, and technically with little big plan and all
that stuff, you can still play the base games, um, because they're not online, but I mean
online was kind of the best part.
I mean, it's a, it's a decent platformer, especially the first one was pretty good.
Um, but you know, the best parts are online, uh, chewy two 40 and chat says, I like little
big planet, but now there's dreams, sack boy, et cetera.
You do make a good point with dreams.
Sack boy is kind of a different game with the same, like it's just a platformer.
There's not, not really the same user content, at least to my knowledge didn't really open
it up for user content the same way.
But dreams.
Yes.
That was very much like wide open.
And so yeah, dreams is definitely a thing still.
Um, but for how long wamp wamp, like it's just one of those things that we have to realize,
you know, one of these days, it's just, it's very possible.
It just disappears and that's it.
So wild stuff.
Yeah.
Indeed.
All right.
Well, let's talk about, Oh, go ahead.
I do want to give a shout out right now.
To, uh, another streamer puddings for happy birthday.
Oh yeah.
I caught a little bit of his birthday stream last night.
Happy birthday.
I, I made a pig card, but I figured a birthday shout out was, it was an order.
Let's move on to our gaming weeks and talk about the types of video games that we've
been playing this week.
And we'll go to our soccer first.
Dead by daylight, duh, and, uh, Fantasian, which, um, I, um, I got another boss battle
done one of the other quests and get more of my people back.
And I'm having a really good time with Fantasian.
This is, uh, uh, a really solid RPG with a really solid story and lots of room for me
to make fun of how stupid the characters can be sometimes.
Is part two, the last part, do we know?
Like honest question.
I don't know.
Part two, Rob is technically not a real part two.
It's an expansion of the first game.
Oh, interesting.
Okay.
So like when I load Fantasian, I am loading my current install.
It just updated.
Oh, okay.
And, uh, it was having some problems where like, um, it would like, I would be a boss
battle or some big battle and my game would freeze and that seems to have already been
patched out.
Um, there was another patch.
If anyone else is playing it, there's a patch that came out just the other day.
And also side note, if you have any, um, uh, Apple products update your operating system
now, if you haven't already, uh, uh, make sure your iPhones, iPads, whatever Mac all
up to date.
Uh, cause there was a, uh, a security breached from some Israeli spyware company.
And so that's been patched out.
Just, just putting the word out there, making sure people are in the know.
My sister texted me about that and I've never known her to be a tech person.
That was interesting.
She's like, did you update your phone?
It was pretty big.
It was pretty big deal.
Yeah, no, I, I then saw the, the stories on sites and things like that, but anyway, okay.
Well, and of course, if you have an Apple watch, once you update your phone, you have
to update your watch and everything.
So, um, but anyway, um, of course, uh, with those two, um, I've picked up, what was it
that I still don't remember that other game that I picked up, but, um, I want to sit down
and do slay the spire and I need to sit down with final fantasy 14 and actually, if I can
play the game, um, which I'm thinking about making that like a midweek stream, just like
an hour and a half of, uh, final fantasy, do something a little different, you know,
branch out, do the variety.
Who am I kidding?
I'm going to go back to dead by daylight.
Anyway.
All right.
Anything else for a game a week?
Um, Oh yeah.
Pinball.
Oh, we, we got our, um, our Metallica back.
And of course, uh, Dan's, uh, creature from the black lagoon is back and I played a little
bit of it and, uh, so yeah, a little bit, a little bit pinball friend and for good measure.
All right.
A little bit of pinball is always good.
Uh, Loki, how about you?
How was your gaming week?
I didn't play a whole ton.
I played more Minecraft, put out new episode of, um, my series.
So that's out on YouTube.
Now.
Um, I did check out a little bit, uh, uh, cruise and blast on the switch, which it's,
it's all right.
It's not excite truck, but it's, you know, it's, it's, it's a cruise in game.
And the only complaint I would have with it, and I'm sure it's just intentional is that
it's, it's like someone took the game and bumped the saturation to like 20.
It's just like ridiculously garishly colorful, like to a point.
That's like actually irritating to look at, um, but aside from that though, my, my kids
like it.
Uh, my son's already beat the game and unlocked everything, but, um, yeah, it's, it's, I was
hoping for like something that's kind of excite truck ish, but it's, it's, it's not, nothing
will ever capture my heart.
Like excite truck.
Oh, well maybe zero could, no, there's an F zero chance of that game ever happening
at this point, which is depressing, but reality.
Yeah.
So that, that's it.
That's all I really did this week.
Cool.
Um, my gaming week, uh, I didn't get around to buying the new warrior where I was kind
of surprised at myself, but still, uh, trucking along with some of the stuff that I've been
playing.
Uh, and then let's see, I also played some dead by daylight.
Oh, something I learned about that actually, that applies to lots of PC based games, uh,
or cause I'm playing on that platform.
Um, but worth explaining and, um, shout out to a streamer I watch a lot and I know he's
been here in chat before, uh, Tay from Tay plays games with the Y, um, he was talking
to me about the Nvidia settings, which I've never played with, but you have to have an
Nvidia graphics card.
I imagine there's gotta be a similar thing on the AMD side.
I'm not trying to be a graphics card fan boy.
Like Nvidia is just what I ended up with.
I do not have a particular brand loyalty in this whole thing.
I'm going to tell you, that was my last card.
I'm going to tell you what I learned for my device and I'm sure there's something similar
for the competition out there.
Okay.
But Nvidia has this thing called the G force experience, which I've, I've not really played
around with a lot because it has like an in-game thing and I've always kind of ignored
it because my assumption was I probably slows the game down.
I'm just going to not load it and sideload it or whatever.
But Tay was telling me that you can actually really apply some filters in that, that really
make your game look a lot better.
And I've always noticed when he's streaming, I'm always like, your game looks a little
bit sharper than most people I see streaming Dead by Daylight and it's this Nvidia thing.
So I just throwing it out there, if you are an Nvidia person and you've never played around
with the G force thing, take a look at it because there's some valuable sliders in there.
You go into, you load the experience and then you hit the alt Z to access it and there's
like a filter mode.
I think you can hit alt F3 to access it directly.
And you can actually, it's like, like on your TV, you adjust the brightness, contrast, sharpness,
but you can change some other things too.
And I actually got my Dead by Daylight game to look quite a bit better thanks to that
tip.
So shout out to Tay.
I did that on my PC before with, when I was playing, I mean, gosh, it was my card before
that, but it was also a G force.
And I had to do a little bit of tweaking like that for when I ran the high res mods for
Mass Effect.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And Tiger Claw also brings out, G force experience has a feature that will optimize the games
to run better based on the GPU that you have.
Also not every single game is supported on it.
Um, yes, that's true.
And I actually, that feature I have used before, but I've also found that it doesn't always
optimize performance versus frames.
You have to manually go in there when you're going to optimize, you hit the little wrench
and you kind of bring it down a little bit so that you do get a little, cause I prefer
frames actually over, uh, I am all for the extra frames, save the animals.
I want extra frames because it's a smooth, smooth experience.
Um, so, uh, yeah, so I prefer performance.
Um, but, and you, I have found in my experience that that thing prefers quality, which I mean,
I get it.
It's a video card.
They want to show off, but just kind of keep that in the back of your mind.
Fifth dream in our chat at twitch.tv slash vog network says I use the filters all the
time.
At minimum, it helps with gamma and color adjustments, but you really can get in there.
I've made fallout look like borderlands, lol, yeah, like, and honestly, um, go on places
like Reddit that have people that are posting their specs.
Tay just screenshotted all his settings and put it in his discord.
So I just copied everything he had, but I started cause I was like, Oh, if there's this,
I wonder what there is for final fantasy 14, another PC game I play a lot of.
And uh, I went to go look that up and there were some ideas and thoughts with how to make
that game look better.
So, um, the internet, it's a big resource.
Use it.
Uh, that being said, I also played a little bit of final fantasy 14 this week.
Um, just because with the big patch stream that happened this week, we'll talk about
that later in the show.
It made me go, Oh yeah, I gotta, I gotta get some shit done before end Walker.
Um, and I got my monk to 60, which means every class is at least 60.
Every class has beaten heaven's word in that regard.
Now I just need to get everything to 80, but I only have three classes left to go.
So I'll get there.
I'll get there before the expansion.
Uh, and then quickly on the dead by daylight front, since dark soccer, you brought up a
depths earlier.
I got adept tap, uh, of all characters.
I'm just ranting.
Interesting.
Well, there's survivors.
He's got good perks.
He does have good perks.
And I really want, so, you know, Chris is my main in dead by daylight, right?
And in dead by daylight, you get the, um, you have to play other survivors to a certain
level to get their perks, to show up in all the survivors, blood trees.
And that's how you level them.
So the one I just did was ACE.
I did ACE Visconti.
Um, I'll say it was for my husband, but it actually wasn't.
I wanted that perk open-handed that increases your aura readings because, uh, Kindred plus
open-handed and solo queue, beautiful, beautiful, uh, combo of perks for survivors.
For the record.
Hmm.
I did a thing.
Oh, did you play survivor of the first time finally?
No, but I put points in Meg.
Oh, you're preparing.
You're preparing.
I'm preparing.
So I have to take a little side route cause, uh, you know, Finara, right?
My friend.
Yeah.
Um, I'm planning on doing a little TikTok series.
That's basically just like a bunch of Mimi stuff with, uh, with pig and Meg and David.
Okay.
And so we've been talking about, uh, like getting everything together and doing it.
And I figured, well, if I'm going to have, you know, cause I might have to do survivor
in a custom.
So I figured I'm actually going to learn survivor on, on, as I call her, the Meglet.
And uh, rather than just use all of my survivors as a, as a, excuse me, as a fashion show.
Okay.
Serena's new outfits though.
Oh my God.
All right.
But, um, yes.
It's iconic.
So yes, I got, um, so after I was done with this, I went to tap because I want his, um,
the, the, the, the thing that shows you the auras of all the totems and the gens every
time a gen pops, it's great for comboing with a map.
Um, what about using that with Jill's totem perk?
Uh, honestly, yes.
And you, I think that his, uh, perk is better than Jill's perk, but if you have a map, either
are effective.
Gotcha.
I have a hard time.
I mean, usually when I see a tap in the game, I'm just like, oh, he's going to be up to
shit.
You know, if, if I'm in a game that I've got, uh, like ruin or something going live in,
I usually go after tap first.
Tap also has that great ability.
Sorry.
I won't go too far down the DVD, but Hey, we spend a lot of time on it, but this real
quick note, it's only a mass effect.
Has that great ability where he can crawl while he's charging his meter.
That's pretty odd, but it's, it's a little bit situational, but in a lot of games I've
played, that's a, that's a clutch ability if, uh, you're running it, which, you know,
that's the hardest part of Dead by Daylight is which four perks do you pick?
I get a little worried when I see a tap in a match.
Um, uh, well he, he is the, he is the pig's antithesis.
So it's, it's appropriate for you to not like tap on just on principle.
For the record.
I have been sharing the gospel of resident pig goo and the alternate version silent pig
goo.
Yes.
Your, your build that, uh, consumes people with the traps.
Very easy.
Yes.
I know.
Isn't it great?
Y'all.
Y'all.
Um, I know dark soccer talks a lot about dead by daylight on this show.
It is like she said, it's the new mass effect, but y'all don't understand.
It doesn't matter.
Like, and I don't know.
I don't know how she does it.
You guys, I will go into a random person.
I follow that.
I'm just watching play dead by daylight and I'm like, Hey, how's it going?
And it'll be immediately like before the streamer even sees it suddenly dark soccer.
OLR says, Rob, Rob, stop following me, Rob, you say the same thing to me.
I do.
I do.
It's, it's a love fest, but I think you name check Putin's earlier.
I think he finds it funny.
So yeah, put, put, put in things is really funny.
I mean, he's, he's just adorable anyway.
And I think we've done it in Nick's chat a couple of times too.
Yeah.
I've been in random people's chats and you're there somehow.
I'm like, does she have four windows open?
How does she do it?
Well, I'll sometimes make it into somebody's chat on a raid.
Like when I've been off doing something else and I'll be like, Oh, new person, follow Rob,
which for the record, I'm actually really jealous of Nick right now because he's in
Cabo.
Oh, is that where he went?
I knew it was on the case.
All right.
Anyway, look, I want to go jealous.
We need to go to it.
We need to take an LA trip less.
I am taking an LA trip actually.
I just take me.
In fact, I have to tell you guys, I'm not going to be here the last weekend of October
because here's the thing, look, I know, I know you're going to understand dark Sakura
and Loki, you'll be fine with it.
I haven't seen Victoria in like a long time and her birthday's at the end of October.
For those of you that listen to shaking and crying back in the day.
So I was like, Victoria, I'm coming down to Southern California and she's like, yes.
So that, that's the thing that's going to happen.
Absolutely.
So speaking of friends, before we get into some gaming news tonight, I wanted to give
a shout out to a dragon con friend of mine and a Kickstarter that they are doing.
And I said, you know, usually I'm a little with plugging Kickstarters, but I know the
person behind this one, so I know it will be something that's going to be a huge success
and it's not quite video games.
It's a little bit different, but I think it's still adjacent.
It's a gaming type.
So I want to give a plug.
This is one of the creators of botched, which is a D and D podcast who is doing a Kickstarter.
It's about the story of Solomon, a man from a time long forgotten, thrust into responsibility.
He must decide how far he's willing to go in order to protect those he cares about.
The consequences of desperate decisions leads to the world's first werewolf.
This is lichen Solomon's Odyssey, a fully illustrated 60 page graphic novel.
The first in an ongoing series.
If you're interested in supporting a project more than 10 years in the making, you can
search for lichen, L-Y-C-A-N, Solomon's Odyssey on Kickstarter or head over to www.hiveheadstudios.com
or even clockfox.net because Dennis has some really weird patrons.
The project is already over 50% funded in its first week.
I think it's on like week three now.
I haven't checked in.
It's probably already funded by this point, but I wanted to make sure I gave Dennis and
that Kickstarter again.
It's lichen Solomon's Odyssey, a shout out right here on OLR.
So let's move on.
We got some other gaming news to get into.
Let's start with Loki and gaming news.
Yeah.
So Gran Turismo 7 is confirmed to be always online.
So that was something that was kind of shown off a little bit earlier this week.
And then, yeah, so that that's a nice piece considering how stable all of our internets
are.
And eventually, you know, it just may not work at all.
But yeah, so it's going to be basically unplayable if you drop the Internet because of all the
online features and anti-cheat that they have going on with it.
But apparently, you know, they had some questions regarding this decision, obviously, and why
they went ahead and did that.
He said the online connection won't be necessary for arcade mode because it doesn't impact
your game save file.
But anything else like the online connection is required for the campaign mode.
The only part of the game that doesn't require online connection is the arcade mode because
it has no effect on your save data.
So that's possible.
But anything that has to do with save data requires a connection.
For example, delivery, like delivery data, as well as something that's downloaded from
an online server.
I hate these kind of like always online games, but you don't know that going in, I guess.
Well, here's Yeah, no, no, what you're getting into.
That's the most important thing.
But I've got to be honest, ever since Diablo three in 2006, and the beginning of this whole
debate with the always online thing, and I not to completely compare the two because
Diablo three had that whole trash real money store that they ended up getting rid of and
all that stuff anyway.
But it definitely was the catalyst for the really the first time I think the always online
debate was really starting.
And now here we are what like 15 years later, has it been 15 years since Diablo three's
been out?
I remember I remember was it SimCity it's impossible to run this without it being connected
online.
Oh, yeah, that was like, it's like no, no, that was a big lie.
Um, yeah, you know, right now, it's basically, you know, to ward off cheaters, I guess.
Because you know, as a person that plays video games, there is no cheating in it online games.
It is a place where cheaters just haven't been able to penetrate that game we never
shut up about dead by daylight.
There's cheaters in matches and what dark soccer surely never come across any of those.
There's no cheaters.
It's online online, it has to be online because otherwise cheating is possible.
I mean, that is obviously means that there's no cheating online.
I mean, clearly, this is the world we live in where it is impossible.
It is just a fact that this is stupid and I really wish they wouldn't do this.
But I don't care because I don't have a PlayStation five.
I wouldn't be buying this game anyways, because I don't really like simulation racing games.
Okay, okay, but you say you don't care because it's not my thing until it is your thing and
then you're gonna care.
Because this is the way the end.
And this is what I really want to talk about is I feel like this is the way the industry
is going.
As much as we do not like these always online things.
I don't know, I'm a little bit torn.
Like of course, there's things about it I don't like because I feel like internet connections
aren't and from my perspective, it's because internet connections aren't always stable
internet gets knocked offline.
Not a lot of games respond well to losing internet for even a couple seconds.
Like when the game can handle losing internet for five minutes or so I'm a little more open
to it.
But you know how some games like the second you lose internet, it's like kicked out to
the title screen, which is ridiculous.
But I feel like it's inevitable.
This is where the industry is going.
And it's in a way it's because of cheaters.
And I think it's because and yes, Loki, I know you say that tongue in cheek like what
there's no cheaters.
But it does seem like there's a lot less of them when the game is always online.
I feel like, like whether we like it or not, this is where the industry is going to end
up is always online, especially as more, especially when we start getting rid of the wires with
the internet.
And that's going to happen in 10 years.
I've said that before on this show.
By the time we're in our 50s doing this show, the internet is going to completely be wireless.
It's going to be 5g and all that stuff.
And there's not even going to be the wires anymore with it.
And when it's internet is literally like everywhere.
It's going to be that they're going to put the games online.
And I know everybody's going to have the what about scenario?
What about this rural part of the country?
What about this particular, you know, place in another country that doesn't have a stable
internet stretch?
I'm going to tell you as hard as it is to hear, there's going to come a time when PlayStation,
Microsoft, all these companies are going to run the numbers and they're going to say,
well, you know what, we can make this always online and we might be putting 2.78% of gamers
at risk.
We're just going to have to write them off.
They'll just get Jay Allard to come out there and he'll say, hey, have you considered living
in a place that has internet?
I mean, come on.
So yeah, I get that.
And I get where they want to go with that.
And a lot of people's internet is okay.
It's not our internet that I'm worried about.
It's their internet, their stupid servers that I'm, I would think is the most unreliable
part of the whole thing.
I mean, you know, when people were trying to connect to Diablo 3, it wasn't that our
internet sucked.
It was that their servers suck because they cheap out on servers or they do these scalable
server thing that can't keep up with the demand for the game.
So I just don't trust game industry, the game industry as a whole, I guess is really what
it is.
Yeah, I mean, I understand the, I guess pessimism.
I don't know what else to call it, but I get it.
Like the game industry has definitely shown that they will use these things for more like
selfish related purposes and so forth.
And they want it to be always online so they can push more loot boxes and that sort of
thing.
Let's get that roadmap for our service stability.
I can't wait.
Sorry.
We've heard your feedback and, and we're going to really try to make our service better.
Here's a roadmap of like where we're going to go with that.
And yeah, play your role, Sony.
You've heard your feedback and chosen to ignore it.
Here's, here's the thing though.
Like I've got to be honest though.
Oh, I don't know about you guys, but like most of the games I play right now are always
online and I've come to accept that.
Final Fantasy 14, MMO, of course is always online.
Dead by Daylight, Competitive Gaming, of course is always online and those are two of my biggest
time scenes.
Cookie Clicker has, no, okay, Cookie Clicker is offline now with us on Steam.
But there's, you know, more and more games I feel like I'm playing that kind of are always
online and I've just kind of come to accept it.
But I guess on the other hand, you have the Nintendo Switch and insert LOL Nintendo online
joke here.
But there's also the fact that that magical world I talked about where wireless internet
is everywhere.
We don't live in it yet.
And so the Switch being a portable system, the games on that system kind of can't be
always online unless it is, you know, a backbone of the game, ie Pokemon Unite, let's say.
You expect that's going to be always online because again, competitive game.
You're playing online with others, but that, that system kind of can't do this yet.
So Quest Buster in chat says hugs Switch.
Yes, it's interesting how sometimes the Switch lagging behind is actually a benefit to them.
It is never a benefit to them.
We just give them such a pass because we like their games.
It is not a benefit.
They're, they're, they're starting to go towards an evil company type of route.
Yeah.
They make good games.
Okay.
There's lots of people that like games from Activision and stuff like that.
And some of their games are okay, but we give them such a pass for all this stupid
bullshit that they do because of their stupid online service and stuff.
It sucks ass.
Okay.
There we go.
It sucks.
It is pathetic.
If it was anybody else with that online service, if Microsoft had their online service, we
would be bitching and moaning about their shit.
So give it up for Nintendo.
You fucking idiots.
They can't get your shit right for like decades now.
I feel like you would give me a new goddamn Mario Odyssey game.
Don't mince words.
Tell us how you, how you really feel.
I feel like you're upset.
Loki.
Do you need to know?
I'm just, I don't really care.
Like honestly, like it's just, they're not going to, they're going to do whatever they
want.
They're going to put out their switch, a letter, whatever.
They're not really going to address the issues for like their, their services.
There's going to be third party companies that do their games better than them.
Like we have with the Nickelodeon all star stuff where their net code is better.
Okay.
That game's not out yet though.
Hold up.
Hold up.
Do not put that game on a pedestal because we saw how PlayStation all stars was kind
of mad.
I will, you know what, we'll give it a few weeks to see, you know, that they've done
it better.
I hope it is good.
Like, don't get me wrong.
I am rooting for that game.
Uh, and let, I, except I don't think we're going to get moose from, you can't do that
on television as a playable character, so I'm a little upset about that, but I'll still
support the game.
Maybe there's DLC.
Whatever happened to Christine?
Um, is it weird that I think I know, I think I fell on down a Wikipedia black hole when
I, she's like a TV producer now.
It's like what a lot of like child actors end up being TV producers and I think she's
one of them.
So anyway, uh, going in chat because Loki's Christine McGlade founder, uh, Loki's little
uh, tirade, uh, ended up getting some chat comments.
Uh, Mike Defton chat says being honest, Nintendo has always been an evil company, uh, fifth
dream says, uh, Loki's had a past with Nintendo and feels jilted, uh, dark to try their games.
Like I don't, it's just like, let's be honest here.
Like, yeah.
Okay.
We like their games, but their online service is garbage.
It is garbage.
Yeah.
Like, like just now, like, Oh, Hey, we, we're bringing you brand new features to our console
that everybody has had for decades now.
It's like, come on.
Yeah.
I mean like, I, I agree.
I don't maybe agree as passionately as Loki does, but there's an extent where I go, yes,
Nintendo makes some of the greatest games in the industry.
Like period Mario Odyssey, uh, Zelda, breath of the wild, uh, you know, the list goes on
at a smash brothers.
Um, the, the list goes on and on.
Nintendo makes the greatest games in the industry.
And I think that's why we all sit here going.
These games that are a 10 could be an 11 or a 12 if they would just stop dropping the
ball on online.
But it's this weird thing where it's like, Nintendo does what they want to do with online
and it works for them.
As much as we get frustrated, seeing the potential, they, they see that potential and they say,
we don't want it.
And they did.
It's their minimum.
They did the, they're doing like the absolute bare minimum.
That's the price.
If the sales, you know what they're doing really well with online is they're harassing
their stupid community with all of the fan.
Like I want to show you that I love your series.
So now I'm going to get a cease and desist for it.
You know what?
Like treat your fans with some goddamn respect for one.
How about that?
Nintendo?
Like, I don't know, whatever they're going to do, whatever they want, we're just going
to buy their games.
So let's call it in, call it back.
Let's move on to our next topic, Loki.
What about all the good things Nintendo has done?
And here's one that Nintendo did.
And it's not like it was what, like three or four years late to the party or anything
like that.
However, now, Loki, are you going to, are you going to acknowledge this?
Are we going to get a woo-hoo, a thumbs up, a gold star?
Nintendo has-
So can I voice chat in games now without having to have a separate app on my phone?
That separate app is Discord, yes.
Nintendo has finally added Bluetooth audio to the Switch.
That's right.
You can now use, for example, I don't know if you've noticed, those that are watching
on Twitch.
I'm sorry to the podcast crowd, but those that watch on Twitch probably subtly notice
I have these little devices in my ear, and this allows me to hear Dark Sakura and Loki
in my ear, because the TV is not really the best audio sometimes during the show that
we had when we were in person.
So these little earbuds that I have allow me to hear, and it's a Bluetooth connection
to my phone, which also sits on Discord with all of us when we're doing the show.
My point is, I can finally use these little Bluetooth AirPod headphones on my Nintendo
Switch.
I'm surprised they didn't charge you for that feature.
Like seriously, it's just, it's stupid.
That would have been funny if it was a Nintendo online subscription thing, right in time for
the renewals to come up.
They probably wanted to.
All right, but it's not, just to be clear, it is not a pay thing.
It is part of the latest Switch update.
You can now use Bluetooth devices for audio output.
Nintendo does say there may be some latency.
So I wouldn't use this to play your music games, but hooray, this feature's finally
here.
To make it work, make sure that no more than two wireless controllers are currently connected.
It's too much for the system to handle if you have more than two.
By the way, a pair of Joy-Cons is two.
So you may use, Loki, that's one pair of Joy-Con controllers and wireless audio.
So if you want to play a game with two players, with four pairs, two pair, four Joy-Con, no
Bluetooth audio for you.
Number two.
No, no, Loki, I'm not finished.
Turn on your Bluetooth device and set it to searchable.
And then from the home menu, open system settings, scroll down to Bluetooth audio and select
pair.
Number five, select your Bluetooth audio device when it's found.
And six, once connected, any audio that is played will be output through your Bluetooth
device.
Be sure to adjust the system volume to a comfortable level.
So pairing additional controllers will require you to disconnect a Bluetooth audio device.
And you can pair one Bluetooth audio device at a time, but up to 10 can be saved on a
switch.
I don't know who has 10 pair of Bluetooth audio around their house, but there you go.
Loki, any thoughts?
It's so stupid.
It is.
It's just so stupid.
Let's see.
DJ Rama S says there's a reason why Sony and Microsoft don't support Bluetooth audio.
What is?
I'm actually curious what that reason is.
Tiger Claw says if you want to use four controllers but need Bluetooth audio, you can just buy
a portable Bluetooth transmitter.
You want to get to the headphone jack of the switch and then play your Bluetooth device
to pair, I think is the word, pair your Bluetooth device to it.
I didn't even think of that as a workaround.
I bet that does have lag though, but that does work.
Tiger Claw's got an interesting solution there.
And I get it, where people want their, honestly, I think the best solution so far has been
what Microsoft and Sony have done with their controllers, where they have headphone jacks
in the controllers.
I mean, because that just works perfectly for me because the controller is wireless.
I just pop in, you know, my headphones and that's that.
If I have wireless headphones, then, you know, I use different headphones.
I don't know, whatever.
Good job, Nintendo.
At least you supported it, I guess, even though that's really crap.
Boy, oh boy.
All right.
So there you go.
Nintendo has finally caught up with the Bluetooth and now you can use AirPods, et cetera, but
not all Bluetooth audio as pointed out in our chat.
Can you do that?
It almost sounds like that they need a more powerful console to be able to do all these
features like that they should have, I don't know, put a little bit of oomph under the
engine there that that console has been running there because it sounds like it can't handle
half of the stuff they're trying to throw at it.
Jijirama S says lag and latency is the reason Sony and Microsoft use RF for wireless audio
or something along those lines.
I swear I have a PlayStation 4 headset.
I swore that was a Bluetooth headset.
It's Wi-Fi direct, I think, if I remember correctly, basically, if they connect via
Wi-Fi to your console as like your console is almost like a hotspot.
And so it does it that way, which is fine, you know, I guess I could do that.
But I don't know, like there are so many better options.
All right, let's move on.
We're going to go to our next story, Dark Sakura.
It would help if I would actually if it would unmute when I hit the button anyway.
It's just lagged like Nintendo's audio.
Speaking of audio.
So there was actually a report put out by Billboard that Twitch and the National Music
Publishers Association, the NMPA, are going to be signing a music agreement that would
basically end the DMCA nonsense going on with Twitch.
Basically, you know, Twitch was taking down streams, taking down channels for DMCA copyright,
which also along the same lines is what led to me making my own music for my channel.
You know, a lot of people, when they play music on there, they'll have the VOD excluded,
you know, which I can't do the way I have to route my sounds through my Mac.
But basically, they're thinking that it could be announced by the end of this month, September.
But we're going to wait and see.
But basically, they've been trying to get this together for some time and we might finally
see fruition.
I just hope that it works out better.
Yeah.
And as far as I know, even if this were to go through, we here at VOG Network aren't
really going to change our policy of relying on Dark Sakura custom creations, slash overclocked
remix, you know, things where we know we have the blanket license to use them on the network.
However, it might make us a little more open to, okay, we can play a video game trailer
that has licensed music in it because we won't get sued to oblivion for playing the trailer.
So that would be a nice welcome to that.
Exactly.
And I mean, it would be nice just to play, like, some ambient tunes in the background,
you know, like I would like I would like to do the ambient music ASMR fake match because
I hate ASMR and my version would just be me.
So I just hit this person and they're an asshole because everyone wants to hear me complain
in a really smooth voice.
I think that'd be hilarious.
I am here to ruin your day and you're going to go up on the hook of shame.
Death hook.
Oh, oh, my gosh.
You know, it's actually kind of funny hearing, like, just things that I've randomly come
up with being spoken by other people.
If people would actually buy my Death Hook for Cutie shirt, I would be happy.
But I would think, like, it would be like, so we're here trying to get boobs and no one
has yet booped my snoot.
Therefore, you all die.
Growl.
As Joe and Hunter Matt says, O-L-R-N-P-R, no, I don't think I don't think we would change
the hosting of our show, but maybe we could do a channel point reward or so.
We haven't had one of those in a while.
We need to get those back on track.
We'll do a channel point reward where we do an NPR style news show or something.
It might be fun.
OPR.
OPR.
That's actually really funny.
I kind of like that idea.
All right.
Sia Tabiri in chat says, I'm sorry, next paycheck comes this week.
I just spent all my money at Dollywood.
So jealous of your life, Sia Tabiri.
So, so jealous of your life.
I'm so upset.
I'm so upset.
Thank you for putting money in St. Dolly's pockets.
No, I'm just kidding.
I'm only saying that out of complete and utter jealousy.
Dollywood is on my bucket list of places to go.
That's for sure.
Anyway.
All right, let's move on.
We have more stuff.
I do hope the Twitch music licensing thing does happen.
I think, you know, it'll be it'll just be it'll just be a good thing to like not have
all these random DMCA things going around and especially like the false positives are
super annoying.
And we're always kind of like on edge, like I was kind of referencing, you know, Vogue
Network.
We don't really play licensed music, but we're really nervous sometimes about playing, you
know, news related things because it might even have just a little bit of sound.
And then, oh, false positive.
We got a strike.
This is very silly.
All right.
Let's move on.
Loki.
Oh, this.
Oh, let's let's visit some old friends with this story.
Yes.
Yes.
No, no.
Wait.
Okay.
I know.
Yes.
You already said who they are.
But yes, these are old friends.
But these are old friends were like, you really lost touch over the last 15 years and your
lives were in very different directions.
And like this friend Konami in this place, like they found they fell into a pit of despair.
Like they've been they're not holding down a job for very long.
They allegedly may have gotten into some drugs.
They have not had any stability in their life whatsoever.
They're there.
They have a rough life.
And so when we're checking in on our friend, it's kind of like one of those the potential
the potential this friend of ours could have had a last anyway, what are they up to?
Yeah, they're killing off their Pro Evolution soccer franchise are winning 11 as it's still
in Japan.
And instead, out of its huss, comes the football I wrote now that that's been out there I remember
talking about football and thinking, Whoa, I mean, I guess I get that maybe not everybody
understands winning 11.
But I thought the franchise sold pretty well.
I don't understand why they needed Okay, well, now it's football.
So E football is a free to play game.
And with that available now on the PlayStation and Microsoft storefronts, you can now pre
order the E football 2022 premium player pack.
That's right, you can pre order loot boxes.
So they're gonna have this player pack, which is $40.
And it comes with the core game, which is free to play.
So that doesn't really come with anything, a bunch of in game currency.
And six chance deals, which are the loot boxes, or eight, if you pre order.
So yeah, the chance deals allow players to randomly sign one athlete from a group of
top tier ambassador and partner player, partner club players, like Lionel Messi and Neymar.
So yeah, Konami pushing.
I don't even know.
But yeah, so apparently, though, me while the entire industry is trying to get away
from loot boxes, because they fear the congressional legislation, he's like, run straight for it.
It's fine, because it's free to play, right?
Bonds free for 29.99 Yeah, yeah, it's free to play, but you're
paying $40.
So is it really free to play at that point?
SSG100 Matt says, Konami is that college friend that you haven't seen in a while and then
suddenly see them on the highway exit ramp as a sign guy person for a local cell phone
shop.
No, no, no, look, I have respect for the dancing sign people, especially in that 105 degree
heat here in Sacramento.
Here's what it is.
Konami is that friend that you stopped at the gas station, and you look over there and
you see this guy who's not wearing a shirt and you're like, is that guy peeing in the
ice machine?
No, no, no, no, no, no, Konami is the person that you were friends with in high school
that contacted you out of the blue on Facebook and tries to sign you up for an MLM.
That's Konami.
Konami is the one that comes out of the blue saying, Have you ever tried Herbalife?
It's done wonders for me.
No, I would think that Konami is just like that friend that you used to do all this stuff
with, you know, like you play D&D with them, you go to the arcade with them and you hang
out and then they just start ghosting you and getting new friends.
They're casino friends.
Am I wrong?
Our chat's losing it right now.
No, specifically casino friends, you were right on the money there.
All right.
Best of luck to Konami with E-Football.
I guess there's those, it's not on the show world tonight, but there's those rumors about
the Castlevania Advance collection that that's that's what it is now.
Somebody had made this joke.
It already scrolled off the screen for me, but licensing Silent Hill for beer money.
That isn't too far from what seems to be happening is that they've licensed out these Castlevania
games in order to buy whatever they're buying, because I think it's a great if that's true,
it's great news.
Those Castlevania events.
I mean, how many times have we had Symphony of the Night released?
I'm not saying it's a bad thing.
That's one of the greatest games ever made, period.
But I like the Advance games, too, and the other stuff that kind of came from that, you
know, because Symphony of the Night and we haven't seen really rereleases of those in
quite some time.
So that's that's that's some good things, I guess, even if Konami has had to, you know,
sell the rights away for these questionable things.
They had to sell their nudes.
All right.
Anyway, let's move on.
Let's get to our next story, which I think is Dark Sakura's or no, is mine.
I just did.
What did I do?
It might be mine, sorry.
Maybe it's yours.
Maybe I'm the one that needs to.
We just did Konami.
All right.
It's my turn.
Sorry.
Let's talk about Ubisoft, which if they don't make some changes there with the management,
they might be destined for infamy and not some not so great ways as well.
So some ex Ubisoft devs have opened a brand new studio.
Nesting Games is a new studio that's up in Quebec in Canada, and it is officially co-owned
by the Italian publisher Digital Bros.
What's interesting, Nesting was created back in August by folks that used to be with Ubisoft,
you know, because Ubisoft has a pretty excuse me, I'm about to sneeze.
This is terrible.
Bless you.
And of course, it went away the minute I said that.
The minute I called it out, it's like it went away.
Typically for me, it happens when someone says bless you beforehand.
All right.
Anyway, if I just do that out of the blue, apologies in advance, because that's what
will happen.
Anyway, Nesting was formed back in August.
It was former Ubisoft employees.
And they've said this is an interesting kind of like quote in this whole like we're partnering
with the Italian publisher.
We want to go back to creating RPGs that are focused on immersion, great characters, powerful
storytelling, and strong gameplay.
We are moving away from the massive open world model, full of icons to clean up, and returning
to experiences that are content driven and ultimately respect the player's time.
Whether you play our games for 30 minutes or a two hour session, what you will get is
always interesting content and a gratifying experience, which have led many people to
go, is that shade?
Is that shade?
Because they're kind of saying in there, we're not going to do these messy things that basically
they're saying they used to do.
Kind of interesting there.
Anyway, and then they go on to say, we felt from day one, we're part of the family of
digital brothers and blah, blah, blah.
Nice words there about that whole partnership.
The first AAA project that Nesting Games is working on, a narrative focused single player
RPG based on a brand new property.
It's going to be Rassassin's Need.
No, I'm just kidding.
It's something else.
Probably going to distance itself from that whole property completely.
But yeah, that probably means you won't have to fill out all these parts on the map.
That's kind of what they're saying with that.
So looking forward to see what they make there.
We'll see.
Questbuster in chat says it's definitely shade.
E3VL says the last Assassin's Creed game had way too much padding.
Questbuster says, well, at least they won't have players.
Too much junk in the trunk?
Yeah.
Potentially.
For the ass creed?
Anyway, that's not the only story we have about these studios that are in need of some
makeovers, right?
We have a continuing issue.
A little reminder about the continuing issues with this company, Darsagra.
So earlier in this week, some of the employees at Activision Blizzard with the Communications
Workers of America, the CWA, which is a media labor union, filed an unfair labor practices
suit with the National Labor Relations Board, the NLRB, that accused the company of worker
intimidation and union busting.
It's just adding more and more and more to the other shit that's hitting the fan.
This is like when the shit goes past the fan and then it hits some smaller fans and spreads
out like a fine shitty mist.
Just imagine.
Don't actually live through it.
Anyway, this is, of course, coming after the suit from the DFEH, the Department of Fair
Employment and Housing for gender-based discrimination and harassment.
There's been walkouts.
They have banded with other employees from other companies, and we've seen these other
companies that have the same allegations rising try to do something about it.
So they're really moving into very union-like territory using collective action for improvement
of their working conditions.
Now, the thing is that there's not really unions.
We've talked about this before in the video game industry, and there really should be,
but they're basically doing union behavior without actually unionizing.
Make sense?
Oh, yeah.
But basically, the big thing that's standing in the way in part is American law favoring
employers.
Now, in California, it's a little bit different.
You know, my mom likes to say, oh, you live in a bubble there in California, and it's
true.
We kind of do.
We do have some pretty strong labor laws in California in particular.
Like, this suit, I don't know that something like this would have flown somewhere else,
But right now, while people are in favor of having unions, it's difficult because employers
right now have different ways to intimidate their workers and to provide barriers for
unionization, you know, especially with this really dangerous rhetoric.
Like, oh, it's going to hurt the employees, or oh, it's going to hurt our profits, and
then we can't pay our employees.
So if people don't understand this, there are some ways to create a union or for a private
sector union to be recognized.
So basically, either 30% of the workers can petition to hold a union election, and then
the NLRB steps in for that, or an employer can voluntarily recognize a union.
The first one is usually the big one, but sometimes it can be really manipulated, right?
And then companies hire other companies that exist to do nothing but union busting.
Which is allegedly what ABK kind of did.
They had that company that came in that was kind of involved with some of that stuff.
So it's just like, yeah, anyway, sorry.
I'm going to be getting to it.
Okay.
But at any rate, well, and just to go on then, that actually happened in Alabama.
They were trying to unionize in Alabama for Amazon, and Amazon pulled in one of those
companies.
Basically, the way that they do this is they do propaganda, surveillance, mandatory anti-union
meetings, delay tactics, intimidation, retaliation.
But it was basically Amazon pulling this on them, where they put a mailbox.
Well, number one, they were distributing anti-union materials, and they put a mailbox outside
their warehouse.
So the workers were thinking that Amazon was helping to tally the votes, and so it was
stealing their votes.
And the NLRB basically said Amazon was interfering and had a rerun of the election.
And a lot of this, though, just an example, like that is the same stuff that's happening
here with our video game companies, and we've seen it.
And now, even though the Activision Blizzard people haven't really pushed for unionization,
they did bring in Wilmer Hale to do a third party investigation about those workplace
issues from the lawsuit.
Activision Blizzard did.
But Winter Hale is, and I'm going to quote here, a known union busting law firm.
So they're just doing their same tactics.
They're not doing anything better.
And by third party, it means third party that's going to go in their interest.
Activision Blizzard had a statement that says, we care deeply about our employees' rights
and have made great efforts to respect the rights of all employees under the NLRB, which
is bullshit.
But even with all of this going on, even with them pulling in their union busting, all of
that, there is a collection of employees called A Better ABK.
They're saying that unionization is not their goal, but they are using very union-like tactics
to improve the way things work in a company.
Basically, if the company is going to bully them, they're going to bully right back.
And there's power in numbers.
Yeah.
And the employee letter is still not been responded to.
Well, and another employee, and this is an anonymous employee, said that they felt, I'm
going to quote a little bit here, that in this moment, collective action and solidarity
with each other without a union is the best solution and a place where a lot of people
are scared of the concept of unionization because of the slow of anti-union propaganda
that has pervaded our country.
We still have other employees at other companies like EA Dice, Paradox, Nexon, Ubisoft.
They use some of the trade unions in their relative countries like in Sweden and France
to help their employees out, but other ones have used the very similar non-union yet union
tactics to bring about the real change in the company and protect the employees.
So, I think it's a very interesting approach.
You know what I mean?
That they are putting together their own, I'm going to call it a task force.
Does that sound like a good term, a task force, not a union?
It sounds kind of like that even if they're not labeling it that.
Sure, I'm with you there.
But it is collective action for positive change.
Think of it like, okay, I hate to say it because I think that the whole last election here
was a joke.
The recall or the presidential?
The recall.
Okay.
The recall.
If you think of it kind of like how our recall elections go, enough people were pissed off
about shit that they got together and got enough signatures on it that they put it to
a vote, right?
Right.
In their eyes, recalling Newsom was a good idea and they wanted to get together and make
this happen and so the vote happened.
But it's kind of along the same lines.
You get people together with a common goal and a common vision and they can move mountains.
They don't necessarily have to be called a union to be a union of people.
All right.
We could do this in this country on a very big scale if people would get off their asses
and actually do shit.
If we elect people that actually represent those values, yes.
All right.
Before we get to our next story, Loki, I hope you won't mind.
I'm going to do a little interrupt here because I want to get an update.
I want to bring an old friend of OLR.
Sorry to warn you guys, but you'll know what's happening.
I want to bring an old friend of OLR onto the show here.
So we're going to bring in our pal Shane into the room and talk a little bit about today's
Pokemon Community Day because I know I have a very big question here in this whole experience
and that is, I want to know how much shiny Pokemons Shane was able to get today.
So I think Shane is there.
Hi.
Are you with us, Shane?
Yeah, kind of.
Hi.
I'm super tired.
You don't say.
So today in Pokemon Go was a little bit of a holy holiday, right?
Can you give us a little background?
It really was.
So today was Oshawa Community Day.
And if you have ever heard me talk like any sentence out of my mouth, you know that Oshawa
is the Pokemon I would literally die for.
So it was very important.
But let me ask you this.
I mean, aren't you, weren't you, aren't you kind of over Pokemon Go?
Like why, if you don't really care about Pokemon Go, why do you, why do you care?
Because I care about Oshawa.
Oshawa trumps my hatred for this game.
Like, they could put Oshawa in Fortnite and I'd probably start playing Fortnite.
No, I would because Oshawa would be there.
Not even I probably would.
I see.
So quickly, how did you plan to collect as many shiny and why shinies?
Why does it have to be shiny Oshawats?
Why not just a bunch of regular Oshawats?
Well, I did both.
But because shinies is like my thing in Pokemon.
After I complete the decks in a game, it's like all I do is shiny hunt.
I just it's it's like I don't know if people get a thrill out of like actually hunting
animals for whatever reason.
That's the same thing I get.
But without killing animals with weapons with tiny hunting.
It's just like it's going to take a while sometimes.
It's rare usually.
And it's just fun.
I just like it.
So overall, quickly, I don't spend too much time.
But how what was like your plan of attack today?
How did you plan to maximize the shiny Oshawa hunting across six hours?
So I, I my plan to start was to get there about 30 minutes early so I can make sure
people didn't put up stupid lures on the stops, like because I wanted rainies on them
instead of like, I don't know, something like a grass or mossy lure or whatever.
And I had planned on basically just non stop checking and just catch the shiny's basically.
But that did change because my husband came with me.
And so I did kind of tone it down.
We got there only like 20 minutes early.
And for probably about three and a half, four of the hours, the first four, three and a
half.
We kind of just leisurely walked around the area and caught basically everything.
I ran out of balls like four times today.
Oh, did you actually spend money for more or what did you do?
Yes.
Well, yes and no.
I actually kind of thought that might be a problem.
So I got like an Apple gift card a while back and I loaded it on my account and then I
just used it because I wasn't going to spend it on anything else.
So it wasn't like extra money.
It was planned money.
OK, so when all is said and done, Shane, how many shiny Ashwa did you walk away with today?
Eighty seven.
Good Lord.
Are you what are you going to do with eighty seven shiny Pokemon?
Keep them in the game.
I don't know. They're just going to sit there and be adorable.
Like, do they have to have a reason?
It's not like they're taking up any space.
Yeah, I mean, they're taking up Pokemon space, but that's fine.
That's fine.
It's not like real life space.
You don't have to put it somewhere.
No, no.
It's all on my phone.
Have you named all eighty seven?
No, I haven't named any of them.
I didn't make out too great today in terms of like four stars.
I got zero four stars and only a few three stars.
So I just I evolved some and yeah, they're just going to sit there.
I probably got rid of or I say blended because it's just funnier
when you think that you threw them in a blender.
But I blended probably around four hundred regular
Oshawa today during my late six hours.
So it was a lot.
Mike Defton Chat, who is a very Pokemon tuned person, says it's like crazy.
Shane got that many.
I don't even think the top players get that many shinies in a community day.
And yet you have to I knowing you as long as I have.
You have to be upset you didn't get one hundred.
OK, so I said I kept setting goals for myself throughout the day.
My first goal was to at least get as many shinies as Gible Day,
because that was my best one so far.
I got like I don't remember, I think like sixty one.
And so I was like, OK, I have to meet that goal.
And then when I met that goal, I was like, OK, I would like to at least get 70.
It was really early. I got I beat the first goal probably half.
No, about four hours in.
And then once I got 70, I was like, oh, come on, let's just do a hundred.
But it didn't happen. So it's OK.
Are you so usually and there's no guarantee it'll happen again this year,
but I don't see why it wouldn't happen in December.
They usually do an encore event where they bring. Yes, I'll get more.
So is your goal to top one hundred once we get to December?
Yeah, literally when that community a community day happens,
I can't think of another Pokemon that's come out this year for community day that I'm even going to care about.
So I'll only check Auschwitz. Everything else is just trash.
So and for the record and for comparison's sake, I also did community day today and I did all Bluetooth catching.
I actually was playing Ingress because there's an event going on in that game, too.
And I said, you know, usually I do all right with Bluetooth catching. I'm not Shane.
I'm happy if I get three shiny Auschwitz so I can have one of each evolution.
It's a cute Pokemon. I just don't have the same personal thing that Shane's got with Auschwitz.
So I was like, I'm happy if I get three. I had nine in 30 minutes.
And I was like, honestly, I could quit right now and I'm satisfied.
But oh, yeah, I started the day with six hundred balls.
And so I was like, whatever, I'm still working on Ingress stuff, so I'll just keep going.
So I probably played for about three hours. So I did Ingress stuff. I ended with twenty one.
I had twenty one shiny Pokemon, shiny Auschwitz today, which for me, that's oddly I got a one hundred Caterpie today.
It didn't even hatch. It was a wild Caterpie. A hundred. I don't know how the fuck that happened, but whatever.
No, no hundo Auschwitz so sadly. But yeah, I got twenty one shinies without really trying.
And I'm told Alan, who hasn't really played Pokemon go in quite some time,
actually took out his phone today and just kind of poked at it between Dead by Daylight matches and said he got two shinies today.
He was he said he got about one for every fifty.
That he was looking at. It's not bad. Yeah, I I should have just kind of given up.
It was all because I wanted a four star because I have a four star shiny Serperior.
I was like, oh, if I could get an oshawott and get, you know, all the way to samurai, it's a shiny hundred percent.
I'd be so happy. So if I had given up on that chase a little earlier,
I could have got one hundred shinies. No problem. Your your best chance for the hundo is to do lucky trades.
Like next time I see you and we're lucky friends, like we just just trade zero star oshawott on a lucky trade and you might get one hundred.
The last time I did a lucky trade, I got one hundred percent out of it. Dustin and I,
we always do one shiny trade since that's all you can do. And, you know, it wasn't great.
And then we're like, let's do a regular trade. So the second trade we did was a lucky trade.
It wasn't one hundred, but it was still lucky. And I got so mad.
And as Joe says, I was impressed with my thirty today. That's nothing compared to Shane.
No, thirty is impressive, y'all. Shane is sick. Like, like, don't compare yourself to Shane in this because you're never going to be happy.
Like Shane is sick. So let's see. Let's see what my total shiny count is.
I've got my phone right now. So on my phone, I have twelve hundred eighty seven shinies from Pokemon Go.
And that's not including ones I've transferred into the main games. So I think I have maybe four hundred shinies.
I don't know. I'm bringing I'm bringing up Pokemon Go right now to check how many shinies I have.
Let me ask you this question. I don't want to derail the whole show with Pokemon Go chat, but people want to actually know.
So Mike Deft is asking, did you use any fast catching technique in particular?
What what is your technique to catch eighty seven shinies?
OK. Oh, so I I refuse to fast catch shinies.
I will not do it. I fast catch the regulars.
Like if I tap it and well until I ran out of balls, I was like, oh, just best catch everything.
So, you know, hold the pokeball down, slide over to the left and then throw and run away.
And that's great. It's it's super good for catching regulars, but I don't trust it for shinies.
Like I have to sit there and make sure it's actually in the ball or I'll get very upset.
I have four hundred and forty six shinies and I thought I was cool. And Mike Deft says one thousand one hundred and seventeen.
Oh, yeah. Wow. It's right behind me. Wow. Wow. Wow.
All right. Shane, I know you have some homework and some other things to get to tonight, but do you have any other?
Yeah, I decided to not do it. So whatever. Well, then I'll see you on Final Fantasy later.
Do you have any do you have any other you and I need to I know Jamie does stuff Sunday nights after the show,
but during the week, you and I need to do some more Final Fantasy 14 streaming and talking about that seven hour stream,
which we'll get to later in the show. I haven't got to it yet, but for all of it, I did it.
I know. Well, quickly, I haven't got it. What was your favorite part of that seven hour stream for Final Fantasy 14?
Oh, a couple quick favorite parts. One, the title screen reveal, because that was just beautiful to everything about Reaper.
Three, everything about Sage for the Sumner rework.
OK, sounds good. Shane, I'm going to let you go.
Thank you for sharing your experience with Pokemon Go community today, because you're crazy when it comes to catching shinies,
especially Oshawa. I'm glad you caught at least 87. That's pretty good.
Like everybody sitting here going, nobody catches that many. So I know you're sad you didn't hit 100.
But like you, you probably caught more than anyone else on the planet or close.
Really close, I'm sure. Any other thoughts before we let you go? No.
OK, then I'll talk to you later. All right. Bye. All right. Bye. All right.
Thank you, Shane, for joining us here on the show. I appreciate that.
And that was kind of that was kind of last minute notice, because I knew there were going to be some listeners that would want to know.
What did his crazy ass do with Pokemon Day, especially today? Right.
I know. I know. 80s. That is 87. That's how I kept waiting to say in a row, but that was supposed to be 37 over six hours.
That's like 12 an hour. That's one every five minutes.
And Alan said, like, one in 50 would be shiny. Impressive.
All right, Loki, I'm sorry to make you wait, but you get it. What's what's next on the news for you?
You're muted, by the way, Loki. I understand you had to contain all your excitement.
I did. I did. You know, so there is the 10th anniversary of THQ Nordic.
And they basically celebrated their 10th anniversary by having a little livestream where they announced some things.
So first thing we've got is Destroy All Humans 2 Reprobed, which is the remake of Destroy All Humans or I guess remaster.
And I know it is remake and it is being made in Unreal four.
So that's going to be coming out on all modern consoles and PC.
SpongeBob SquarePants, the Cosmic Shake. It's a new 3D platformer game with SpongeBob.
Jagged Alliance 3. We have Outcast 2 A New Beginning and Superpower 3.
And then MX versus ATV Legends were the games that were announced also to tie in with their 10th anniversary.
There is a sale right now on Steam and also a couple of free games.
You get Titan Quest Anniversary Edition and Jagged Alliance 1 Gold Edition for free.
So neat. I don't know. I didn't play the new Destroy All Humans, but it looked pretty cool.
I like the second game, too, so maybe I'll check it out.
Was there anything in particular you were looking forward to during that stream?
No, I didn't even know the stream even happened. I didn't watch it live.
I think I heard about it like an hour before, but it wasn't available.
Yeah, there's not a lot from THQ that I'm excited about nowadays.
I don't remember. They used to do the Saints Row stuff.
So back in the day, I would be excited about that kind of thing.
But now that's a whole separate company that handles that.
Oh well.
Alright, one more story before we get to our regular segment here.
You know I love my AR gaming, GPS gaming, and all that stuff.
Like I just mentioned, today I was playing Ingress and Pokmon GO.
I was dual wielding, playing one on my phone while I'm bluetoothing with the other,
using my real world location to play both.
And because I like GPS gaming, I've tried them all.
I've literally tried them all, if it's on iPhone anyway.
There's been a couple Android only ones I haven't played, but for the most part I've tried them all.
And I was looking forward to trying this one, but this game got cancelled before it even came out.
And that kind of surprised me. It was a Niantic game.
Of course Niantic, being the makers of Pokmon GO,
they're kind of at the forefront of a lot of these AR and GPS games.
And that game is Catan World Explorers.
The game never came out. It came out in certain countries for testing,
but it didn't come out in the US, so as far as I'm concerned.
Like the Settlers of Catan?
Yeah, Settlers of Catan, the board game. They were turning into a real world AR game.
And they have decided they will shut the game down on November 18th.
So if you were in one of the countries, I think it was in Australia, New Zealand,
like Denmark maybe, and one country in Asia I think had it too.
So it was in a few countries, but I never got to play it.
And it's all about me. Or at least that's how I feel in the moment.
So I never will get to play it. They are pulling the game.
It's hard to tell what the hell happened.
They left a really weird note and in the note it said,
we had a vision for trading, harvesting, and building up the world in seasonal play
and resetting the board each month just like you do for each game you play at home.
But trying to adapt such a well-designed board game to a global,
location-based, massively multiplayer online game was a tough challenge.
Now, I don't know nothing about what's happening behind the scenes,
but I got a good guess based on this statement.
I think Catan pulled the license.
I don't think they were happy with the product that Niantic came up with for whatever reason.
And whether I agree with it or not, it's their artistic license to be able to do so.
But when you say we had a vision, but trying to adapt this didn't work,
it really is screaming to me that the Catan holders didn't like what you came up with,
but you were sticking to your guns with the game you made.
And what further kind of goes with that?
They talk about how the lessons that they learned while working on World Explorers
will go to future projects.
It's almost screaming to me that Niantic is going to reskin Catan and make it a different game.
Pikmin? Wow, that sounds just like an Nintendo thing.
No, not Pikmin. I'm going to stop you there.
Because Pikmin, they've said, is going to be out by the end of the year.
So Pikmin is happening and it's a different thing.
And I don't know much about it.
I hear it's AR gaming lite.
It's not going to be a very involved game.
I think it'll probably be even more aimed at kids than Pokmon is.
But that is all speculation.
I don't know until I play the game myself and give you my own impressions.
But still, to hear that Niantic, the minds behind Pokmon GO,
had to shut down a game before it even came out is shocking.
So it's just crazy.
Dark Tetsuya agrees with my logic, saying yes, that sounds like what probably happened.
Tigerclaw says, maybe it was something that sounded good on paper,
but trying to make it didn't pan out.
Yeah, apparently when they met at the table the first time, they had an idea.
Or the Catan people were like, you made Pokmon GO?
Fuck yeah, we want to work with you.
And then when Niantic said, here's the game we made, the Catan people went, yikes!
This isn't Pokmon GO, this is Withers Unite.
Yeah, this isn't Pokmon GO.
Was it the Harry Potter game?
Yeah, because the Harry Potter game is fucking Pokmon GO.
Well, the Harry Potter game, and that has its own issues with it.
Because I hate her, the one behind it.
But obviously she has nothing to do with the game.
But the game has good combat to it.
Exactly, the game has that combat that's actually pretty rad.
Like I actually way prefer fighting in Harry Potter.
Keep in mind, I haven't played it in like a year and a half.
But the fighting in that game is way better than any raid in Pokmon GO or PvP.
And it's not that much more complicated.
But it feels like there's more to it, you know?
Anyway.
D'Artitsia says Catan is all resource gathering and that sort of thing, right?
And AR game based on that does sound kind of neat.
Hey, if I have any friends at Niantic that are listening, I doubt it.
But I'm always going to take the shot.
You guys should give Sid Meier a call and say hey.
I knew you were going to say that.
Did you? Yeah, you should give Sid Meier a call and say hey.
We really like civilization.
Why not?
Do Civ Nation.
Yeah, Civ Planet or something.
Civ World.
Civilization Explorer.
Civilized World.
Fuck it.
If Catan doesn't want it, fuck it.
Do Civilization Explorer. I'm all for it.
Of course, that kind of sounds like something different than a game.
But anyway.
Alright.
Let's go.
D'Artitsia in chat says, right?
That was going to be my next sentence.
Can they do something with civilization?
You know what? I'm going to tweet them right now.
Will you all please retweet and like my status?
I like SSJ100 and Matt's comment there.
Maybe Niantic was trying to work on it from 40 meters away.
And it didn't work because they were 80 meters away.
I missed that comment but it's gold.
Alright.
Let's go to our next segment and talk about times when we didn't even have phones that could play games.
Our phones could play Snake.
No, actually when this game came from, the phone was maybe in the car.
It was in the limo because you had to be that rich.
Let's get to our next segment.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
And what did you pick for the classic game this week, DarkSakura?
I picked a lust.
And I'm sorry, by the way, if I sound a little funny, I had to put my mouth brace in because my mouth hurts.
So I'm fine.
Sorry.
Okay.
So, Lust came out in 1988.
It's a shooter game done by Compile.
And it originally came out on the Sega Master System and then later on on the MSX2 by CP Communications.
Outside of the US, the Master System version was released as a game called Power Strike.
And then, of course, we had all kinds of sequels and derivatives from both versions of it.
So basically the story of a lust in general is there's a man-made supercomputer called the DIA-51 that had been infected by a virus that was spreading.
And eventually the machine that's infected with it wants to eliminate people.
And so when the computer attack hurts this dude's girlfriend, Yuri, then Rei, the guy, gets in a plane and goes shooting.
Because that's what you do.
Anyway, like I said, it came out for the Master System.
That's February 1988.
And it came out as Power Strike, which in the US it was male only limited edition.
But it did get some retail love over from Toys R Us and a couple other chains in North America.
And in Europe it was regular retail.
The game actually has had many other releases.
The MSX2 version itself had extra stages, two new stages, lower difficulty, and a bunch of cutscenes, which is pretty cool.
It has been ported by Squenix to phones.
And then it was re-released, the MSX2 version was re-released on the Wii's virtual console in Japan.
And then also with Aleste 2, it was released through the WOM service, W-O-O-M-B, for an MSX revival.
In the US, like I said, the Sega Master System version was called Power Strike.
And it was received very well.
It got some really good reviews.
So now for all of the sequels, of which there have been many, and even a cancelled one.
And I've even spoken about one of the games here in this segment.
I figure it's time to go back to the original.
So followed by this we had Aleste Gaiden, which was on MSX2.
We had Aleste 2, which is also MSX2.
We had Musha Aleste, which came out on the Mega Drive.
And I think I have done Musha.
We had GG Aleste, which was Game Gear Aleste.
We had Super Aleste for the SNES.
It came out in the US as Space Megaforce.
Sound familiar?
On Sega CD, we had Denine Aleste, which was Robo Aleste over here.
Also Game Gear, we had GG Aleste 2.
Also for Game Gear Micro, GG Aleste 3.
That was in 2020.
There is a to be announced release for Aleste Branch.
And an arcade version called Senjin Aleste.
Actually out this year.
For cancelled one, there was Denine Aleste 2, which would have been Robo Aleste 2 for Mega CD or Sega CD.
And then there's the related games.
So these games, some of the different Aleste versions are based on them and some in reverse.
Some of them are other compile-ish shooters that have a lot to do with the Aleste series.
Including one of the best games in the universe to ever, ever come out.
So we have Zanac.
It came out. MSX Famicom Disk NES.
We have the Guardian Legend.
As in Guardic.
Guardic Gaiden, sorry.
Guardic was kind of a different game to Guardic Gaiden.
And the shooting in there is very reminiscent of Aleste.
You have Gunhead for PC Engine.
Gunac for NES.
Seirei Senshi Spriggan, which was for PC Engine, also anime.
Spriggan Mark 2, Re-Terraform Project, also on PC Engine CD.
Power Strike 2 for the Sega Master System.
Silphia, which is a fun little game, let me tell you.
I love Silphia.
It's on PC Engine CD.
Spriggan Powers for Super Famicom.
And then some of the compile employees left and joined Rising.
Which I brought this company up before.
When we talked about Mahou Daisakusen.
They did Mahou Daisakusen in Shippu Mahou Daisakusen.
Aleste in and of itself has all kinds of little tendrils mixed in other games of similar genre.
Very much seen in other compile games.
Very much seen just in general.
We still have it today.
Like I said, there's a Senjin Aleste coming out in Arcade.
Or may already be, I don't know, I have to check.
This year.
I'm actually looking.
It came out in July.
Oh, there you go.
I was going to say, you referenced before the connection to the Guardian Legend and all that stuff.
I really see it in this game.
I'm not familiar with this game honestly.
I wasn't before you brought it up today.
But I really see the connection to the Guardian Legend at the end of the stage.
When they beat the stage, the way the ship flies away.
It plays the little tune.
The ship flies away.
It's very reminiscent of what happens in the Guardian Legend.
It's very interesting.
It's that little thing that just takes me back.
But it had some of the same developers.
Both were compile games.
Oh yeah.
I noticed that right off the bat.
I was like, oh, I just picked compile game.
I know why.
Well, but the other thing too is that I believe that some of, there's like some Aleste.
What am I trying to think?
There are some Aleste Easter eggs that I think show up in the Guardian Legend.
Like, I want to say that the Landers might have been a part of it.
But I'd have to go look that up again.
But yeah, Aleste and Garden Gaiden were only like not even a year apart in release.
So they had to have had some co-development.
But at any rate, get yourself an MSX2 or a Master System and look for Aleste or Power Strike.
And quite frankly, how dare you not have a Master System in an MSX2 already?
I don't have either one.
I do have several Master Systems.
Good memories though.
Good memories.
All right.
You know what?
You know what I have to say though?
If any of you have a Genesis, like I think the second edition of the Genesis, look for the FM Power Base Converter.
Because then you can get the FM sound to play for most games.
There's a few it doesn't work on.
All right.
There it is, your classic game of the week, Aleste.
Great pick.
I love these ones where it's like, oh, I didn't know much about it going in,
but it's got a great connection to something I do love.
So, yeah.
And well, Compile, we love Compile.
We stand Compile in this house.
We stand Compile in this house.
Absolutely.
All right.
Unlike Alestra, it won't make you poop your pants.
Dude.
I don't know.
There's some of the stages are kind of hard.
You might shit yourself.
All right.
Let's go to some rapid fire news that hopefully won't give us that same problem in the ball pit at McDonald's.
Rapid fire news, Loki.
So we have delays, as is tradition.
Dying Light 2 has been delayed to 2022.
That is now coming out February 4th.
Battlefield 2042 has been delayed a little bit to November 19th.
So that is going to be a little bit longer than October 22nd.
Come on.
And then we've got news.
I completely forgot that this was even a thing, but apparently more details on the Twisted Metal TV show that's coming.
Anthony Mackie is going to be playing a character in the show that is a name.
John Doe.
He is a smart ass male milkman.
All right.
I don't know.
I don't.
Question mark Boggle.
Yep.
Same.
Yeah.
So I guess we will have to wait and see when this happens.
They're saying that it's supposed to fill next year.
So.
Cool.
I'll watch it when it comes out.
Yep.
Same.
Same reaction.
This is Joe and Matt in chat.
What?
I hope we get a new Twisted Metal game.
That would look pretty cool on PlayStation five.
All right.
Dark Soccer.
Dark Soccer.
What do you have for us?
Well, some YouTubers, you know, there's those like YouTube channels where they like open
warehouses and go into places and stuff like that.
Yeah.
Well, this group that has a YouTube channel called Cheap Finds Gold Mines and they go
through like goodwill yard sales, but they were allowed into a house.
That was a hoarders house that had been closed for 20 years, something like that.
And it was gross.
It was super gross.
But they found all kinds of stuff like they found Blockbuster VHS tapes and different
collectibles and a bunch of video games.
It's I tried to watch some of it was it was really kind of nasty.
But they pulled out something like a bunch of factory sealed games.
They passed on some already and already opened games, but they did make exceptions for certain
games like Toomba on PS1 and the terrible PS3 Bayonetta.
And the quote is that they had to deal with a little bit of mouse poo to get some good
games.
And one of them was bitten by a brown recluse.
I'm trying to figure out how was it locked away for 20 years like that.
I mean, I realize that, you know, those situations can already sometimes be a little, you know,
messy, you know, depending on the severity of it.
How did it then sit for 20 years?
Well, that's how all the animals showed up.
Oh, yeah.
But I mean, it was absolutely a hoarder home.
And I mean, I've watched hoarders before.
Hoarders is usually what I watch to motivate myself to clean my house.
Big same.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But yeah, I wouldn't I'm surprised that like it wouldn't have just been broken into, you
know, that's apparently not sit there.
Yeah, that's weird part to me.
Well, I mean, it also depends on where in the country you are.
And I don't believe I saw where this was.
But, you know, apparently the other person on here got scabies.
Wow.
All right.
I don't know.
Would you would you brave that for a shitload of games?
If people are still dumb enough to be buying these cartridges for like a million dollars,
which, by the way, I should at some point mention those like you to there's a great
and I'm sorry, I don't remember the creator in the moment, but about our voiceover guy
Jason was telling me about it and all this stuff.
There's a great like documentary on YouTube.
Somebody in you in chat is going to know what I'm talking about instantly that went on for
like it was like a 50 minute documentary that basically talks about why those price.
And we've talked about it on this show.
Those those limited auctions were like old cartridges going for a million dollars.
They basically like how it's all B.S. like it's an artificial inflation of the industry
and it's it's basically a crime what's going on.
So somebody.
Oh, it's Jason in China.
Fuck, yeah. Hi, Jason.
Says Carl Jobst is the name there.
Carl Jobst. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's it. That's exactly it.
So I want to shout that out because I know Jason brought that up and I have not,
unfortunately, taken the 50 minutes to watch it myself.
Oh, you did. What did you quit? Please tell us about it, because I'm sorry.
I know it's rapid fire news and Jamie's story, but this is an important follow up, please.
Yeah. So basically, a lot of the SEAL games that are going for a lot of money right now,
they're being, I guess, graded by a certain company that's involved with this auction house.
And so a lot of these games are also being sold like to themselves, basically.
So like they will sell like one of those sealed Mario Brothers games for a million dollars,
but they're selling it to another guy that works at the auction house type of thing.
So they're inflating the prices by this.
These guys got in trouble a while back when they were inflating the prices of, oh, gosh,
what was it? Was it baseball cards, comics, something that was like back in the 80s.
It wasn't maybe in comics. I don't know. Bobby says coins. Coins.
OK. Yeah, yeah. So they were basically inflating the price.
So it's really sketch to have like an auction house and a grading company kind of working together
because the grading company is supposed to be, you know, separate.
So like the guy that owns the grading company is actually in like on the board
for the auction house or they're just like involved financially somehow.
And so it it basically allows them to grade something slightly better than they would have if, you know,
since it's going on the site, it it's just not you watch the video.
There's a lot of details, but it basically they're trying to artificially inflate the market so they can make some money.
And it's going to crash. Thank you so much, Jason, for the live crowd.
I was just about to ask, can somebody point the post the link to the video so y'all can hit save and watch later?
So Jason posted the link there in chat for those of you there on the podcast. Of course, you don't see the live chat.
But if you search YouTube for that user, Carl Jobst, J-O-B-S-T and it's Carl with a K.
Yeah. Same thing's happening with Pokemon cards right now, too, with the Paul's.
Oh, yeah. And why like Target, Wal-Mart and shit are pulling back on that.
Yeah, it's because it's all speculative and people are really into speculative gambling, marketing.
It's, you know, buying stuff that they think is going to have some value, even though it doesn't really have that value.
Perfect example. NFTs, you know, it's like these are going to be worth anything in a little bit.
But because there's a big boom on it right now, people are trying to make all sorts of money.
It sucks, though, because like, yeah, I'm trying to get like some games just to make a small collection for like the NES and stuff.
But I'm buying Contra for $70. Sorry, I'll wait for the crash. Thank you very much.
Anyway, sorry, I know we went on. You could buy our Contra and actually it's worth more than 70.
Sorry, I know we went on a hell of a tangent train there, but I think it's an important follow up because we have been talking about those stories here on OLR.
And so I think that and I think we've even been sitting here when talking about it going, it ain't worth that much.
I think it's important to talk about that, follow up a little bit and give kudos to the folks that did the work there to really dig deeper there.
Anyway, haha. Rapid fire news. Haha. Did you have one more, Jamie, or did we get both? I'm sorry.
I did. OK, go ahead. I did. Also, though, I am announcing that Dan and I are actually legit going to be starting to sell off some of the collection.
Oh, wow. That's a big room. I mean, I had to sell some stuff, too, because we've got a big change coming.
I will. I will. Some of you have figured it out, but I will talk more openly about it very soon.
I promise. Well, just know that there might be a master system in your future.
Yay. All right. I'm always saying it like that because I'm like, I'm literally in the mindset of less stuff, not more stuff.
But I will. You always need a master system. It's true. You always need a master system. All right.
Anyway, please see your others. Rapid fire. Haha. Nickelodeon has confirmed DLC for All Star Brawl with some voice acting to come.
It's going to be two more characters in addition to the 20 that have already been announced.
There. Now it was rapid. All right. That was rapid. Good. All right.
Let's travel around the world. Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates of some games that are coming out a little sooner than the Nickelodeon All Stars and what have you.
Those sorts of games. Loki will start in the US. What's out this week?
We have Kenna Bridge of Spirits on PC, PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5.
World War Z Aftermath on PC, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Pokemon Unite on iOS and Android.
Diablo 2 Resurrected on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox Series X.
Sable on PC, Mac and Xbox Series X. That game actually looks pretty awesome.
Staxel on Nintendo Switch. Death Stranding Director's Cut on PlayStation 5.
Dragon Ball Z Kakarot on Nintendo Switch.
And Lost Judgment on PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox Series X.
That's it.
I have to admit, guys, I'm torn on the Diablo 2 thing. Like, I love Diablo. I want to support the employees that made that game, but it's tough.
Is it one of the Gamefast games?
No. What I think I'm going to do right now is I'm going to buy it after the first week.
Because a lot of the corporate stuff and the corporate numbers really want to tout those, like, day one sales and kind of like how the make or break is in the first week.
And so I feel like since that's all the business perspective, maybe if I skip the first week, then they can't use me in that statistic.
But then I can ultimately support the team by buying it a little late.
That's where my head's at right now. But I don't know. It's a complicated issue. What?
Devious.
Oh, my little plan?
Yeah, it's a bit devious.
A little bit.
It's hard to talk with this thing in my mouth.
No, no, you're fine. You're fine. I thought you said BS at first. I was like, how dare you? But I was like, what part?
But maybe a little. I had to really think about that, though. But yeah, I kind of feel like, okay, the corporate stuff is all about that first week.
But I could support the team at a later date. And that's kind of where my brain's at right now.
I'm not saying anyone else has to do what I do. I'm just talking about how I'm trying to approach this tricky situation.
So anyway, let's go to Japan.
Some folks in chat are suggesting Mike Deff says, buy it a month after. Maybe.
Dr. Tsuya says, yeah, I don't know if I'll be able to get it at launch. It's on my radar only because it's the one Blizzard franchise I'm interested in.
S2100 Matt says, I wanted to play Overwatch on Switch badly, but the Hong Kong thing happened. I didn't get it.
Eventually, I forgot all about it and moved on because I had too many games to play.
And that's also a very realistic approach is that, you know, whether I wait a week, two weeks, a month to finally get it,
my brain might be like, oh, shiny and end up getting something else. I still have to get that WarioWare game.
Speaking of games, I didn't end up buying in the first week, but that wasn't that was just Rob's Busy than anything else.
You can wait.
I liked the demo. I liked I don't know anyway. All right. All right.
Excuse me. Let's talk about release dates and Japan and coming out this week on September the 24th.
No, I'm sorry. The 20. Do we have games coming out this week in Japan? I'm looking at the Nintendo Switch.
And what's a week from today would be the 20.
I don't know if there is anything out on the switch anyway. There's one Dragon Ball Z game out this week.
Is that the Kakarot? Yep. That same Kakarot game that's coming out in other territories is out this week in Japan as well on the switch.
Let me see if we have a big PlayStation 5 release. Oh, yeah.
OK, so we have Lost Judgment from Sega on the PlayStation 5 this week. That's coming out everywhere as well.
Oh, there you go. There's your big release Death Stranding Director's Cut. Is this week really?
Wow, that came that's that was fast. I thought that games still had a while to go.
So that's out this week in Japan. OK, that makes a lot more sense.
So they're they're dodging some of those big releases that are out on PlayStation 5 this week.
OK, so how about the UK Dark Sakura on the 21st?
We have World War Z Aftermath also coming out now.
The rest of these are all on the 24th. Spacebase Startopia on Switch.
Ember Uber Firefighters, a game called Just Die Already.
Dragon Ball Z Kakarot. I have to say it right. The Addams Family Mansion Mayhem and Lost Judgment.
At Last Judgment, it's coming out everywhere. Indeed it is.
All right. I want to mention this other comment in chat from Quest Buster because I think it's really good.
Quest Buster says about the Diablo 2 predicament I'm talking about.
As a side note, Vicarious Visions did the heavy lifting on the Diablo 2 remake and issued a statement to judge for yourself on whether or not to support it.
That's a very good point is that, yeah, Vicarious Visions and Vicarious Visions is where we got Jen O'Neill, who is now one of the co-heads of Blizzard.
That's a good point. That's worth considering Quest Buster. Thank you for sharing that.
Oh, SSJ 100 Matt with some breaking news.
Apparently, a Pogo player in Norway caught 98 shiny oshawott today.
Shane is not the world leader today. Flop. No, I'm just kidding. He should still be very proud. 98 is a lot. That's crazy.
So but unfortunately, Shane is not the very best like no one ever was. He got beat by some person in Norway.
Oh, well, maybe there's no agents. Maybe he has the most in the US, though.
There are still records to be considered. All right, let's move on. This next story.
This is actually sad. This next story. Big, big legend in gaming, right, Loki?
Yes. So Clive Sinclair has passed away at the age of 81, and he, of course, was, you know, he invented the ZX Spectrum.
ZX. Whatever. You know what? The ZX Spectrum. Fine.
Of course, also, you know, there's several other things he's worked on as well. The ZX 80, which launched in 1980, the Commodore PET.
Yeah, the ZX 81 as well. So, yeah, that's unfortunate that he passed away.
That was actually pretty recent. Yeah. Yes.
Well, a big heart cancer to start that. Yeah.
You know, what's interesting is that when you so I know we talk about the ZX Spectrum or because the way we read our Z's, we oftentimes say the ZX Spectrum on this shore.
But actually, that whole device, if I'm not mistaken, was released.
Well, somebody validated this during Bobby's show when this came up. But that system was called the Sinclair here in the US.
It was but it was put out by Timex, who you might know from watches, had the license because, you know, in the 80s, everybody was getting into the computer, home computing stuff.
So it was the Timex Sinclair. And I think it was kind of like the value model. I think those computers were only about 100 bucks.
Now, keep in mind, that's in 1980s dollars. But still, when you consider the Commodore 64 was, I thought it was like four or $500.
But somebody in Bobby's chat was saying it was closer to $700. It probably depends when you bought it.
The Timex Sinclair was definitely the value device. I kind of think it showed that in its capabilities weren't quite up to the same level as Commodore 64.
However, I'm not being shady. There were just so many different types of systems in the 80s. And there were a lot of great games that came out of the Spectrum or the Sinclair, whatever you're looking at there.
I'm sorry, I need to go AFK. Smoosh is having a meltdown. I'll be right back.
Hi, Smooshy.
All right, I'll be right back, guys. Sorry. You need to buy time.
All right, well.
So then aside from that, you know, also, which is pretty fun is apparently there's a direct correlation between the ZX Spectrum and GTA.
So basically, DMA Designs was a group of amateur Spectrum developers.
And then of course, they eventually created Lemmines and then later Grand Theft Auto and then later Rockstar North and later became evil.
Fortunately, same same story. It's like Activision, you know, six degrees of GTA and independent developers out of their garage, you know, doing it because they need to have the industries back and then became evil.
Then they sold their souls. Everybody becomes evil at some point when they get big enough.
Well, that must be why we're not very big. We never got evil to become big.
We're just not evil. I'm a little evil. That cat's evil. Let me tell you. No, I'm just kidding. I don't know why.
What does Smooshy do this time?
He's sitting right there just howling, screaming his head off. And I don't know, he's eaten. I don't know what it is. I don't know if he's having litter box drama or what. It's just wild.
Rob.
What?
I am going to talk to you later about the stuff I give Midna to calm the fuck down.
Kitty Prozac?
I've called them her calm the fuck down treats.
Do they make marijuana for cats?
They make CBD.
OK.
Yeah. Yeah. All right.
Hey, look, hey, look, you have to make sure we all had to get through this pandemic somehow.
That's right. Well, no, no, no. I was I was going to say they also make this sort of airborne hormonal like pheromone thing for cats that's supposed to help with like angry hissy cats.
Interesting. But something like that might help chill anxiety.
I think he's having anxiety.
I know. And I don't know why he's he's.
I think he might be a little lonely.
Rob, what?
Cats can have the same psychological problems that humans do.
He has a panic disorder.
It doesn't matter how good they have it. You know, I have a really happy life and I still have, you know, depression and stuff from time to time.
But they but they do make you know, you should I mean, I know it's probably not going to be cheap, but take Mr. Smoosh in for a hormone check.
I've spent all the money, but maybe in, you know, in time when we have some money again, sure.
Or I want to take him to the kitty spa and get him that whole kitty massage and that whole stuff.
You know, be fun.
Midna would freak the fuck out.
But but I'll I'll find you the stuff that my friend uses for her cat.
I think it's just OTC stuff. So good to know.
Did you guys jump ahead at all or were you just buying time? No.
OK. We're talking about the the six degrees of GTA.
Oh, OK. Haven't heard of it.
All right. But I have heard of Final Fantasy 14 because I play an awful lot of it.
And they announced this week in a very lengthy stream some of the details for the upcoming expansion and Walker.
I'm not going to bore all of you that listen with the details, because if you're a fan of Final Fantasy 14, you probably picked up on some of the big stuff.
And if you're not a fan of Final Fantasy 14, I think seven hours of patch notes.
And well, they're not actually passionate, but usually like changes and things that are going on with heaven's work, like they basically drill down in.
This is what's going to happen to the machinist class.
And you caught when Shane was talking on the call, I kind of said what were his highlights.
And he mentioned like changes to the summoner class. One of the big ones being like now you don't summon many.
Well, you still summon the mini versions of things, but you can summon the big Garuda and the big free.
And there's actually reasons to make the big summons, which is, you know, Final Fantasy is supposed to be all about.
So that's pretty cool. So that's like one of the changes they were outlining.
And as much as I love the Final Fantasy 14 and they're very dedicated to what they do,
they're sometimes a little too detailed and a little too thorough with some of the things that they do and a little too apologetic for some of the things that they change.
I wish they'd learn a little rudeness from some of the developers over here or even Nintendo.
Don't apologize. Just just say this is the way it is and move on.
And so they they they did a seven hour stream and it went from I think it was only supposed to be four.
I think they joked at one point they were done with part one after three and a half hours of their four hour stream and they ended up going seven hours.
They started at seven Pacific time and they were going until two a.m. in the morning.
It's just a lot. But there's a lot of good stuff that's going to come in that next expansion.
Heaven's word. If you want to look at all the details, I encourage you to look at the highlight reel.
There was an 18 minute job action trailer. I did watch that.
And the moves look pretty and some of them look really fancy. It's pretty good.
So I'm hyped for the expansion. It comes out in November.
Heaven's word. Sacred Jade says the Final Fantasy 14 Blu-ray soundtrack Death Unto Dawn was released this past week as well.
Yeah, Shane had preordered that and was talking to me about that, except I guess he didn't get his copy of the soundtrack yet.
But one of my other friends got the vinyl, some Final Fantasy 14 vinyl and sent a video of him playing it on his record player.
I'm like, people actually play the vinyl records? I thought they just collected them.
Anyway, let's move on. Dark Sakura.
Well, a company that I am very fond of, Quantic Dream, is working on a new game and it's a Star Wars game,
which means it's going to have needlessly complicated controls to do everything in the game.
But yeah, it's been confirmed.
There was a French YouTuber named Gautoz who claimed that the company had signed a deal with Disney since it was done with Sony.
And it actually was corroborated by a reliable source, someone named Tom Henderson, who put a very cryptic Star Wars and Detroit Become Human mashup on Twitter.
And honestly, I would be here for it.
I mean, I don't think that Quantic Dream has made a bad game.
I mean, they just have, I think, the two, right?
Well, you haven't seen Star Wars Become Gungan, so that's still a possibility.
At any rate, I really do hope that this comes to pass.
It would be really exciting to see the kind of direction they would take it in, especially with their very complicated story systems.
I mean, do you know how many branching paths there are in Detroit?
It's pretty crazy.
The way that Dark Sakura completely ignored Loki's comment.
And I will not validate that comment with this feedback.
I won't.
It's true.
Questbuster in chat says, Beyond Two Sith.
No.
Pretty good. Pretty good.
Y'all are funny. Y'all are comedians.
However, just going to say that Quantic Dream also was reported in 2018 by two French publications, Le Monde et Media Part,
that said that they had a very toxic work culture and had financial malpractice, but Quantic Dream sued both of those for defamation.
Oh, wow.
So there we go.
All right.
All right. A few more stories.
Oh, yeah. I found the other games.
It was Nomad Soul, Fahrenheit, Heavy Rain, Beyond Two Souls, Detroit Become Human.
All right.
We have a few more stories, and then we're going to get to the listener roundtable.
If anyone wants to call in, you can join our green room over on our Discord server, vognetwork.com slash Discord.
But first, a story from Loki.
Yes.
So there is a fan game that's been made for Among Us called Among Us Arena.
It is a fighting game and like a fighting game, you play as the different characters in the game and you kill each other with basically all the different kills that they have in Among Us.
And in a take that is not Nintendo, the company or the developers behind Among Us thought it was pretty funny.
In fact, have like said that basically they're going to check it out as well.
But yeah, they're totally cool with it, as they should be.
It is free to play as well.
It's also it's also different when your studio is only three people, you know, and it's not.
You probably don't have as many complicated legal. You don't have a legal department when there's only three people at your company.
Well, I don't know if they've grown since they did Among Us. I imagine they probably have a little bit.
But, you know, originally it was three people. We all know that.
So, yeah. All right. One more story for you guys tonight.
And it's about prototypes. And these can be a lot of fun.
And Dark Soccer, I feel like some of this might be up your alley because, you know, unfinished Dreamcast stuff.
That's always kind of fun, right?
So what happened is that and of course, this thing isn't loading on my particular page over here, so I'm going to go off memory.
I hate it. If somebody wants to help me fill in here.
So what happened here is that this site and I think it's Hidden Palace that found all this or they got ties to it or whatever,
basically found a lot of prototypes for either the original Xbox or Dreamcast as well.
And so these are most of them are playable in emulators if you want to check it out or they even have.
You know, it's all questionable legality, but we are talking about systems that are way past their prime.
And this is more of a video game preservation type of thing, I think.
But what was of particular interest to me when I was looking through the archive myself is that there was Xbox versions of DDR UltraMix 1, 2, and 3.
There were prototypes of them that were available.
And that's pretty cool. Although I got to be honest, I was reading through some of the changes.
It didn't seem like there were a lot of changes. It just seemed like the early version of DDR UltraMix 1 was missing three songs.
Like they got some late licenses and that, which makes sense. It's kind of what I expected.
And then in UltraMix 3, there was like some language changes in the world.
I even forgot about that mode where you travel around the world and stuff that was in there.
And then like UltraMix 2, I don't think there was a lot like they changed some title screens and some things like that.
So you're not going to see like, oh, they cut these songs or a completely different, nah, it wasn't that juicy.
But there was some neat stuff in there. So it's interesting that, and I don't, was anyone able to pull the story up?
And how did they find this trove of discs? I don't, that part I don't remember.
Let's see.
I can figure that out.
I don't know where they found those discs, but yeah.
Yeah. Well, and sometimes the people don't want to be found.
Dark Tetsuya in chat says, to be fair, the Dreamcast is still getting homebrew stuff.
That's true, but we also have a lot of prototypes here of things that did come out.
And yeah, I noticed the Xbox prototypes, the UltraMix games, and Dark Tetsuya said this was neat.
Questbuster points out, I still love the Dreamcast startup sound.
Yes, there is that too.
Yeah.
The Dreamcast's in the first PlayStation.
Oh yeah, the first PlayStation one was iconic.
So this is all tied to something called, I was able to pull it up on my phone.
This is all something tied to something called Project Deluge, which was just something I guess this site has been working on, this hidden palace.
So they don't really say, oh, okay.
It's an ongoing project to archive and assess all of the items featured in a lot of video game development material that has been gathered over the course of many years.
This has been made possible through the dedication of only one extremely kind individual who has taken the heruculent task of dumping every single thing in the lot by themselves.
Each item in the lot was assessed by a team of dedicated individuals for playability and integrity on both software via emulation and hardware when necessary.
Each item was then lightly documented and given a general overview of some of the main interesting facts about the item in question.
I'm reading directly from that website hidden palace dot org on where this all came from.
So they're not quite saying directly, but it just sounds like sources.
And they've had a very generous individual who's found a lot of this stuff.
So I imagine somebody was in the know in the industry and had some stuff in their office that they took with them.
I bet I'm going to just guess.
OK, I don't know nothing about nothing.
A lot of this stuff, like when I was reading about the DDR UltraMix thing, the prototype for number three was slower and it actually had text on there that said, please be patient.
The retail version will not have these loading times or something like that.
That tells me these are probably all prerelease review copies from a day when you needed to have prototypes out to the outlets for five months in advance of release, because you needed that lead time to get it in the magazine.
Because the outlets had dev systems to be able to play those on.
Yes.
So my guess.
Also some of these though, they reference like the DDR economics preview version.
Like, wasn't that an event that they did as well?
I don't know.
Some of these tie within events that we may have attended.
So my big guess is that somebody in the industry that worked for a magazine and it may not have been the US, could have been Canada, could have been overseas, could have been anything, had a big collection of these review discs from over the years that they never got rid of.
And now we're all benefiting from that.
That's my, if I were to bet money, place chips on the roulette board of where this came from, I'm going to say, press reviewer from a time long forgotten when there were four month lead times to get games in magazines.
All right.
That all being said, yeah.
Questbuster in chat says, yay, preservation efforts.
It does make sense.
It says it makes sense.
Well, thank you for validating my crazy thinking.
But yeah, that just has to be what it is.
And but I completely respect the fact that this Hidden Palace site, they can't name who it is.
They don't, you know, because it is it is still a, you know, sure, all these games are old.
They're not going to, you know, sell the way they use.
I mean, I guess there's always I think some of them also could have been donated by the developers.
And that's that's true. Some of them could have, you know, like there are some game developers that kind of released their stuff to Mame, the multi arcade machine emulator, saying that you may use this.
And there's some who released who sent out the unfinished ones.
The one of the biggest ones I can think of is like their Robotech Crystal Dreams.
I remember when we were waiting for that game to come out.
That could be the case. But the reason why I'm placing my chips where I am is because you have a variety of different systems happening here.
It's not all coming from like one system, one source, one publisher.
So that that's why. But it could be I mean, they do kind of say it's one person's efforts, but it could be that maybe the donations came from.
Here's another hint too.
So I just kind of browsing through some of these different different games that are on here.
And for Powerstone, this is watermarked to one thousand eighteen thousand, which is tips and tricks.
Maybe these were copies that were sent out to different publications for like, you know, tip guides and stuff like that as well.
Absolutely. Why not? Didn't didn't our friends at pre-made? Are they still going pre-made games out in?
Oh, are they still? I mean, I don't I don't know. I better I better watch my mouth.
All right. I don't I don't know where they came from.
It's just sometimes you draw lines where you see connections.
OK, let's get to the listener roundtable.
I want to check in on the mailbag. I'm pretty sure dark soccer told me before the show there were no emails,
but it's a good chance for me to check in and I'm going to refresh.
OK, there's nothing. Participate at Orange Lounge, radio dot com.
If you want to send us an email in a future week, of course, we'll take questions in our chat room.
And I don't see anybody in our green room at the moment, but you never know.
Thank you, Dr. C. Is this Prima? If I recall correctly, they shut down.
That's what I thought, too. Yeah, I had a friend who used to write for them.
Yeah. And we we met them at one of those early E3s.
And we kind of always talked about like we should get together and have lunch because we're all in Sacramento.
What can we do for each other? But that didn't I mean, I can say that happened.
I can say that now because they're gone right one time and that like didn't happen.
Like they weren't there or something. Yeah, I remember driving over there.
Yeah, I remember. It's been so long. I remember something about that.
Yeah. What do you all think? The OLR strategy guide collab that never was.
OK, amongst many other ones that we've many other flopped collaborations over the year.
Perhaps we'll detail in a book that you can buy in stores someday.
The shit that didn't happen. The untold story. Orange Lounge fucked OVO.
How your favorite podcast was prevented from getting any bigger. All right.
No one special. Seventy seven in chat says roundtable question.
Do any of you ever hang on to old demo discs that came with gaming mags from back in the day?
If so, which ones? That's a great question. I don't know what we're just talking about.
Hold on to all of them.
They're in a bin. Yeah, I had like I was used to get like Xbox magazine stuff and you several the Xbox 360 demo discs in there.
I think I threw those out there when I end up leaving my last company because they were all at my desk and I wasn't using them for anything.
Or they're in a box. One of the two things. Yeah, I did a big purge as well with that stuff.
So I no longer have a lot of those discs. I have some, but not a lot.
I think I still have a jumping flash one, at least in a couple of Dreamcast ones and like an Xbox one.
So I used to take the PlayStation ones, though,
and rip music off of them because sometimes it would actually have a whole game's worth of information on it.
I think the reality for me is, too, is that a lot of those discs kind of exist on the Internet now, much like these prototypes we just talked about.
So like if I ever like had to see what was all of this, I could just download it from the Internet and emulate it.
That's the reality. I know that's not the same for most people. I respect that.
I understand some people are going to see the value in hanging on to them. I couldn't justify it anymore.
That's the problem. And Jason even in chat points out the digital form will likely be archive dot org.
And I'm sure most of them already do. And that's a follow up to another comment he said, saying I have a ton of PC gamer demo discs.
I just recently decided to start on a disc preservation archival project.
So I looked in some many, many years old media bins. I need to see where I can donate them.
Well. The archive dot org is definitely going to be probably a place where you'll find a lot of that stuff, so.
Good call. All right.
I don't see anything in the chat. Any other last minute stories, Loki, that you want to talk about?
Yeah, unfortunately, we had a Sega and Capcom artist pass away.
Mick McGinty. Mick McGinty.
He was famous for a lot of different cover arts of games that you may remember, like Street Fighter two.
He also did the artwork for all of the zoo type Coon games.
Streets of Rage 2, Kid Chameleon, Shining Force and Leisure Suit Larry.
So, yeah, he passed away peacefully, they said.
I'm looking at our Discord for some stories because you guys post stories throughout the week in Discord, and sometimes we don't get to all of them on the show.
But this is a good time for me to address some of them.
Apparently, we didn't I don't know why we forgot to bring this up on the show.
But apparently this G force now, which I talked about earlier in the show, they had a big leak that happened.
Which is interesting because there was a lot of titles on it where they're like things we have never heard of.
And Nvidia actually confirmed the leak is real, but the games are speculative.
That's what they're saying. So they're not they're saying there's no.
But that's what somebody who's trying to cover up a big fuck up would say, right?
Because seriously, these are the games that were in the list.
Final Fantasy nine remake Bioshock RTX remaster Resident Evil four remake.
Well, we all know that one's going to happen.
Halo five PC. I think that would happen to Grand Theft Auto trilogy.
Oh, what? They're going to remaster the Grand Theft Auto trilogy after DMCA striking all those people making content for the original trilogy.
Crisis four Half Life two remastered Injustice three and so on.
Nvidia said it was only for internal testing and that the games listed don't necessarily exist.
Sounds like some of course they don't try to cover up. That's right.
You didn't see anything here. Nothing happened here.
No, I think I think it is very possible that they just came up with a list of dummy titles that somebody came up with to just kind of test the interface of the software and all that stuff.
So but I, I, I think somebody was probably writing a fan list, but probably was like, yeah, Grand Theft Auto trilogy.
That'll happen like kind of like Logie saying, you know, like I'm going to make some educated guesses and, you know, a broken clock is still right twice a day, right?
Yeah. Yeah. Let's see.
Funcom bought the Conan IP.
The Age of Conan and Conan Exiles developer is now owned by Tencent. What's that?
And Conan O'Brien. Not that Conan.
They bought Cabinet Group, which Conan the Librarian, Detective Conan, held dozens of the intellectual properties like Conan the Barbarian, Mutant Year Zero and Solomon Kane.
Interesting.
All right. Some of the comments there from our Discord server over at vognetwork.com slash Discord.
Ooh, burn. Orange right in chat says, at least the list was somewhat realistic. Konami was missing.
They don't make games anymore. It's fine.
That should be the new title in the Mario is Missing series. Konami is missing.
All right. I think that's going to do it. We know right where Konami is and it ain't making games.
Yeah, it's it's living in the dumpster because they set their last dumpster. It's in that hoarder's house.
All right. With the roaches. We're going to wrap up the show for tonight.
Thank you guys so much for downloading our show and checking us out tonight.
If you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Lounge Radio, tell a friend about the show, because we are the show where every gamer has a voice.
But, you know, if the voices aren't here, then we can't put them out on air.
So tell a friend about the show. Leave us a five star review on iTunes.
I'm still going to say a host on Twitch goes some of the way, although it sounds like due to some recent changes, hosting isn't quite as great as it used to be.
So I have to think of a way to reword this typical shout out I do at the end.
So I will just simply say we always appreciate a follow here on Twitch and spreading the word of our Twitch channel here at VOG Network as well is very helpful.
Also, I would be remiss not to mention it is September.
So if you wanted to get a subscription to VOG Network and access the archive feed of a couple of years now of O.L.R. and Bobby Blackwell's show as well as some bonus streams.
If you want to see you want to see Shane and I recap the best Pokemon of all time definitively.
That's one of the bonus streams available to our subscribers.
So you can check that out over at Twitch.TV slash VOG Network.
What else do I want to say here? Nice review goes a long way. All that stuff. Oh, the shop. VOG Network dot com slash shop.
If you are wanting to buy some merchandise such as an Orange Lounge Radio shirt or a VOG Network shirt or a Bobby Blackwell mug, there's lots of options available to you over at VOG Network dot com slash shop.
Maybe we'll put some new shit up in the coming months. We'll see.
I think that now that's everything. So I think we're ready to get to our final thoughts and wrapping it up.
Dark soccer is going to continue the party tonight live on Twitch with some dead by daylight. I'm sure she's going to do some very sweaty pig games.
I was actually watching a little bit dark soccer stream last night.
She got very excited when she got an RPD badge so that she could use it tonight for you all to play a sweaty, sweaty pig build.
Are you holding me to do resident piggy tonight, Rob?
I'm not holding you to do anything. But you did say last night you were going to do it.
I'm probably gonna resident. I just want to do it when I've I've got myself in the right mindset because last night I was playing kind of like potato.
Well, it happens. MMR has made the game weird anyway we're all getting used to it.
MMR. I don't. OK, so I found somebody linked a video that where apparently they data mined the MMR settings.
And I'm going to go back and read it later and read it, watch it a little bit later and see if I can figure some stuff out about it.
All right. Well, let me get your final thought, because I know you probably want to head out and get that started.
MMR is balls.
All right. Thanks for being here, Dark soccer. We'll see you next week.
Loki, your final thought.
My final thought is the cat won't stop screaming at me.
Yeah, I was having that same problem, too. So I, I, I took him into Alan and said, deal with it.
All right. It worked. All right.
My final thought is WarioWare. It's got to happen this week and hopefully I'll do some streaming.
My dad's belated birth. So my dad's birthday is always during Dragon Con now.
So I always seem to miss his birthday, sadly, but that just means we go out to dinner when we get back.
So we went out on Tuesday, so I couldn't stream on Tuesday night.
And then I had other plans on Friday, so I've actually been kind of busy.
And then I'm trying to support Alan doing streaming, so I don't like to do streaming on top of him.
We don't have the Internet or the resources for that anyway.
But I will try to stream either Tuesday or Friday this week and probably do some WarioWare.
And then maybe, maybe just a random Dead by Daylight stream of my own, just because I have fun playing the game.
Final Fantasy, we talked about that with Shane. So there'll be some randomness as well. We'll do that.
So that'll be for me over at twitch.tv slash Rob Roberts.
Thank you guys so much for downloading and listening to our show or participating live.
However you participated with Orange Lounge Radio tonight, we appreciate you and we hope you all have a wonderful week.
We'll see you in seven days to do it again here on Orange Lounge Radio. Good night.
Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network.
But you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thanks for watching!
