This week, Facebook makes game streaming a first-year citizen. The ESRB adds new rating
information and Beat Saber works to keep you healthy. There's also speculation, sad news,
squabbles, and plenty more to discuss. So let's kick off episode two to the power of three
and four right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello, my friends out there on the internet. Welcome back to another week of the show where
every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio live tonight with episode number 816
of our show for this April the 19th of 2020. My name is Rob Roberts, joining you live and
here in our studio that usually we all gather live in, but due to the circumstances going
on in the real world right now, of course, we are recording over distance. So thanks
to the magic of Discord, I am joined by the one and only DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Oh, hi.
Hi, how are you?
I'm doing all right. It's been a long day and a long week and the better times are ahead.
Well, let me be the first to say tonight. Happy birthday, DarkSakura. It is your birthday.
Yes, it is. And I am this many years old.
And she's holding up 21 fingers.
Oh, well, don't tell people where I got those hands from. Okay. But anyway, yeah, it's my
my birthday. I was squirted out a while ago. Wow. pain and general disappointment of the
world.
Well, congratulations on hitting a milestone. I know I know that birthdays during the pandemic
are a little because, you know, I've known quite a few people at this point who've who've
had birthdays, but hopefully you're able to kind of make the best of the situation and
you get a makeup birthday when this is all over.
I reckon so. And Phoenix7726 said happy 21st. Now you can have a drink. I've been day drinking
all day. I started 11.
What's your drink of choice today?
Well, a good friend who I think she's been on the show a long time ago, sent me a bottle
of Godiva chocolate liqueur, which I have just had the biggest craving for for like,
at least since I had better lung capacity. So maybe after I was first done with the actual
sick part of pneumonia. So, yeah, and I have my bottle and it makes me happy and I've been
pouring it in coffee and also some Kraken, which I'm not drinking anything right now.
I have one left of my Trader Joe's chocolate Botswin stout. So I'm going to have that tonight.
I should have brought the can to Frivolo and left it on your doorstep, but I took a nap.
I took a nap. I took a very important nap. Well, you know what? It'll just be one of
those things I'll have to do midweek.
You can work from home and tomorrow and just drop it off after the show. I got you.
I do. I do work from home right now. Yeah. And I'm very fortunate. I'm a big. Yeah. I know there's
a lot of just like instability with things going on out there. So I trust me. I'm very,
very thankful for the situation I'm given right now.
SSJ 100 Matt asked how the stout is and given that it's on one of my lists of favorites and
I will sometimes drink it over a Guinness. Yeah. It's pretty good. Ooh. Mel Chan 13 in
chat says I have a whiskey ginger lemonade. It is tasty. That sounds really good. It's very close.
You say ginger. My absolute favorite drink is a Moscow mule bonus points. If you can actually
serve it in the copper cup. So, uh, yeah, that kind of made me think of that. Cause it's,
I'm one of those girls that I get very expensive whiskey and I drink it neat.
All right. Well, we know what to get you for your birthday. So, so lately I've actually had to drink
whiskey and bourbon on the rocks just because it hits me so much faster. Um, now, uh, they're
saying in chat that you actually like your audio qualities actually sounds better tonight, but I
think that I don't think you've changed mics. I think that may be a side effect of your like
healthier than you've been in weeks. Right. Oh yeah, no. Um, I, my whole medication, uh,
like regimen has been, uh, bumped up quite a bit. I still, I still get a little short of breath,
but I feel like I've got better, better vocal capacity. Um, and uh, yeah, and I have been
drinking, so maybe that helped. That's right. And by the way, we are reading shout outs in
our chat room because of course we do tape live every Sunday night at the voice of geeks network,
twitch.tv slash vog network, V O G voice of geeks network. And we are on at six o'clock Pacific
nine o'clock Eastern ish right after the Bobby black Wolf show. And, uh, also speaking of voice
quality and I think improved voice quality, let's say hello to tech master Loki. Hello. Hi, how are
you? I'm fine. You sound much better. You do not sound like you're on a tin can anymore. This is
great. Well, that's because before I was on a webcam mic and now I'm on a rock band mic. I love
it. You are legit on a rocket for a PlayStation two, like USB mic. It was an X-Box three 60,
but yeah, it's the, the old logitech mic. So they used to actually, I don't even think this is from
rock band. I think this may be from karaoke revolution. Um, just had it leftover from all
that stuff, but Oh my, they're all compatible. Oh my God. I have one of those that, that sealed
karaoke revolution country. That's been sitting in the studio. Who knew there's a freaking mic
in there. Maybe that's how I fixed some that are watching on Twitch will notice I'm using a
different mic too, because I think, you know, we upgraded the mics in the studio a few months ago,
but I honestly think they've been causing more problems, which is unfortunate. So I'm actually
trying to switch mics tonight to try to get some of the popping, um, to calm down a little bit.
Maybe I need to switch to the fricking karaoke. I'm looking around, but they're all USB mics,
but they're not bad. And this one must be brand new because it's wrapped up nicely. The cord is
wrapped up neatly because whenever I rewrap that it's never going to be like that again.
So, um, yeah. Rob girl, you are not Alyssa Edwards. Stop the popping.
Oh, okay. Uh, let's see going to our chat. Uh, yeah, a lot of compliments on Loki sound tonight
and people are, are really hilariously digging the fact that you're using a rock band mic
and people's confessing. This is just, this is like a, it's a good entry-level podcast, Mike.
Maybe that's the advice we want to give to people that want to use this opportunity to start a
podcast, which unlike Twitter and people trying to be funny on Twitter who are not funny, ever
funny, uh, saying, Oh, please, whatever you do, don't start a podcast. Uh, to that, I say,
fuck that. I say, absolutely yes. Start a podcast, especially if you think you're the type of person
who shouldn't be podcasting and you probably are the type of person that should be podcasting.
And I think this is great advice. Dust off your rock band or karaoke, uh, karaoke revolution
microphones. And you've got a good starter kit right there. Uh, VGRealness when VGRealness did
a podcast, we did it with four separate rock and Mike and Mike's attached to a USB hub.
Uh, Bobby says my first podcast microphone was a karaoke microphone. Um, tiger class
says someday you'll get one of those mic holder things that you mount on a desk so that you don't
always have to hold it. Uh, yes, I want to get one of those like elaborate, like hook type things,
because the problem is I do have, we do have like a tiny baby stand. I had one sitting around here
cause, um, dark soccer was using it for like two weeks before this whole thing started. Um,
but it's too, it's, it confines like I would have to sit here and talk like this for the entire show
and it would be very awkward. So I need something that lets me move a little more naturally because
I think I paid five bucks for it. Yeah. I think granted when we are all in the same room, which
is how this podcast is intended to be, obviously we're not right now because of the state of the
world and setting a good example, but when we're in the same room, we'd like to kind of look at
each other and interact and play off each other and stuff. Um, and so I think movement is very
important and not, and that's why I've always been a big proponent of hand mics. Although most
podcasters would think I am nuts, but I'm like, there's positives and there's negatives. The
positive is I get an additional energy off being able to feed off my co-hosts that I think a lot
of people don't always get. So, and that's the type of stuff you have to weigh for what works
for you. So anyway, uh, tiger class says, have you thought of headset mics? Um, yes. Uh, in fact,
I think, aren't you using one right now? I am. I'm using my work mic. Um, not, I mean, it's,
it's one of those Jabra mics. They're not cheap. I mean, but I think it sounds okay. Sounds pretty
good. Honestly, in the perfect world, I'd have those little lavalier mics, just like they have
on, um, the nightly news or, you know, when you, uh, professional grade stuff that that's ideal
for me, honestly. So, um, who knows, maybe with enough biddies and subs, we'll get there. I'm just,
I'm teasing what, I'm not really going to beg for money. Although certainly we always welcome
that type of stuff. And it does go back to running the show and all that good stuff. But, um,
who knows? We'll see. Uh, the nice thing is, again, not that any of this going on in the
real world right now is nice, but if there is a silver lining, I don't know about you guys,
but I'm saving money because I'm not driving. Uh, I'm not going out to eat as much. I'm not like,
there's certain places where I'm like actually saving money. And again, I completely realize
there are other people right now that are in a very much financial hardship. So I don't want
to sound like I'm, I'm, uh, unaware of, of some of that privilege that I have with, with my work
situation, everything, but I am able to kind of like save money so I can hopefully maybe invest
in some of those things. So for what it's worth. So anyway, our gas bill though has been much
higher because Dan has been, well, he cooked the entire time that I've had pneumonia and since,
since I was still recovering. So yeah, that's, and yeah, Alan's been doing a lot of cooking around
here too. Like he made muffins the other day. That's never happened. So that's fun. So,
all right. Uh, anyhow, let's actually, we, we are a video game show, so let's get into talking about
some video games. Although this kickoff topic tonight is a little bit like video games are
like a part of it, but it does have to do with, um, somewhat kind of like our world situation
right now, where most of us are staying at home. In fact, everybody really should be staying at
home unless you are in a country that is somehow unaffected by this. But I think every country is
at this point. Um, so most people are staying at home so that they're not, you know, spreading the,
well, and you're not staying at home if you're an essential worker, that's, that's what I'm looking
for. Um, and so, um, many people are, um, trying to, you know, with the gym's clothes and, um,
other ways that maybe have been ways that you were getting fit before, maybe like walking to
a subway or walking to transit or a bus or something and back, maybe you're not doing
that as much anymore. Um, so you're looking for other ways to get, uh, fitness. And so video games
is a big kind of method for that for a lot of people. Uh, and, uh, kind of knowing that that
is the case, one big video game this week released a kind of fitness related song.
Uh, Beat Saber is the game. And of course, a lot of you guys know, Beat Saber is a hugely popular
VR game. It's almost in some ways, the, the flagship, the Wii Sports of VR, almost, I don't
know Half-Life, Alyx might be there soon, but I think a lot of people recognize Beat Saber as like
one of the VR games. And of course, Beat Saber is a music-based game and it's kind of a workout.
You know, when you're waving those hands around frantically and, you know, you're kind of trying
to dodge pillars in that game, so you're moving your whole body up, down, side, side, it can be
quite a bit of a workout. Well, uh, there was a new song released this week called Fitbit,
excuse me, Fitbeat, excuse me. It is a free official song and is going to help you get a
workout. And in fact, looking at the preview video, they're playing it an expert or whatever
the most hardcore mode is. And it looks like a heck of a workout. Luckily, I'm sure there's
easier modes that I could actually play. But the interesting thing about Fitbeat is that the song
is actually designed to, to give your body a workout. So it's designed with the step pattern.
I say step pattern because my mind goes to DDR, but you know, with the note pattern and that
in mind to really work your body out. And I thought that was kind of a neat
concept is that, you know, especially when you consider this particular show's roots in music
gaming and the fact that, you know, a lot of us back in the day in 2002, when we started,
we're using things like Dance Dance Revolution and Power Power Paradise, and, you know, those
types of games for fitness as well as fun. It's, it's kind of interesting that in this world
situation, we have Beat Saber is one option of many. We'll talk about some of those other
options in a minute. Beat Saber is kind of one option for people to stay fit. And now it's like,
not only is it just that you're playing the game to be fit, but this is designed with fitness in
mind. It's kind of like, uh, you guys remember Dance Dance Revolution on the PlayStation 2
had like a fitness mode, right? Did you guys ever use fitness mode to actually be fit?
Well, not to be fit just as a personal challenge. How so?
Just to keep up with it. Can I do this? Can I do this round?
Okay. Um, did you guys actually, let me, let me sidetrack a little bit. How,
you know, especially because if in a weird way, the DDR stuff is kind of older at this point,
right? Dance Dance Revolution and all that was, you know, 10 plus years ago when we were playing
that stuff on the PlayStation 2, what was the fitness mode and what was the fitness kind of
like in those games? It's similar to the arcade. Basically it calculates the number of steps that
you're taking based on the steps that are in the song and assigns it a calorie value based on that.
That's how the, um, like I think a, and I don't even know when they started, but with all the,
um, profiles and everything on there, they do calculate, uh, calorie burning in there as well,
based on the number of steps and difficulty of the song, right. And maybe beat him or something
like that. And it's super inaccurate. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it's, it's, it's a little bit rudimentary,
um, because it's, it's, I don't think it's taking into account height or weight or any of that when
it does the calorie calculation, does it? I think you can set it up online when you're
setting up your, your account, um, to actually put your height and weight in there, but yeah,
it's still pretty even, yeah. Even then, you know, everybody is different. So it's,
it's going to be an estimation at best. Um, lots of folks in chat lighting up on this topic,
uh, cause I know we have a lot of old school music game fans and chat, uh, pixel pocket says I've
been playing a ridiculous amount of DDR with my step mania stage. Uh, Mel Chan said, uh, I wanted
to get ring fit adventure, but it's gone through the roof price wise. We'll talk, come back and
talk about ring fit adventure in a bit. Uh, mr Rizzo's in chat, uh, says I'm still playing
just dance. So kind of like a cousin to DDR kind of like a modern, you know, day, uh, dance game.
Uh, obviously those games are still huge. I'm still playing just dance in sweat mode to try
to keep moving. You know, and I've seen tweets of even in this type of situation, I've saw tweets
of friends who are setting up their old school PlayStation two, or I think in this one case,
I saw an Xbox three 60 Matt with the universe games, um, setting that up on the wooden panels
to prevent the mats from bunching up and like, like this is my workout regime right now because
24 hour fitness is closed or whatever it is. Or, you know, I know a lot of people are still going
outside, which is, it's a good thing. Doctors recommend you should still be going outside for
30 minutes a day, just as long as you're maintaining social distance rules and everything
like that. But not everybody necessarily wants to run outside or, you know, exercise and sweat
and all that outside. Maybe, maybe going outside is literally just catching some sun and you want
to do the working out in the comfort of your own home. That's, you know, so a lot of people set up
those types of home gym types of setups and video games are a great way to do that. So, um, anyhow,
uh, continuing with the fit beat story, uh, if you want to grab this song, it is free. It's available
for PlayStation VR, as well as Oculus steam. Uh, it works with the one saber mode and 360 degree
modes in addition to the regular two saber. So they, they flushed out with all the different
modes that beat saber supports. Um, and I know when I've played beat saber on PlayStation VR,
where I own it, I get quite a bit of exercise from that game. So that is a good way, I think,
to get some exercise. I also really liked Otica, which is another music game. You don't flail quite
as much, but I think it's still a bit of workout and that's a really good one as well. Although,
um, not everything has to be VR for exercise. Not everybody necessarily enjoys VR. Uh, some people
may find working out with that headset a little awkward. Um, so there's certainly other ways to
do it, such as we had just dance was mentioned, uh, old school DDR and those types of games
and ring fit adventure, uh, and SSJ 100 Matt and our chat at twitch.tv slash VOG network says,
I've been playing ring fit adventure since this whole thing started. I lost five pounds playing
it in the past 30 days and feeling stronger in my arms and legs. Still hate doing squats though,
but squats are awesome and Final Fantasy seven remake, just saying, anyway, um,
Bobby Blackwell says, Otica is arm day. Uh, Beat Saber does some leg day. Uh, Bobby says,
pull out your old Wii fit. Uh, and she hold 10 kind of, uh, piggybacks on that saying
we tennis. Absolutely. Uh, so there's all sorts of ways that people are using video games to stay
fit. I'm kind of curious for my co-hosts and that we've heard from some of the chatters,
but if you guys want to expand on that more, are you guys using video games at all to stay
fit and get X exercise during this? If so, like what is kind of your routine?
Um, well, I've been playing step mania on my arcade cabinet, so doing that a little bit.
Oh yeah. You're not as much, you're fortunate to have the whole stinking cabinet in your garage.
That's pretty good. Yeah. Not as much as I would like to be, but, um, easy myself back in there.
Nice. Uh, dark Sakura, I don't know if you have cause you've been kind of sick, but anything.
I've been a lot sick. Yeah. So I've done two things, Jack and shit. So, um, no plans
maybe now that you're feeling better. Well, I'm going to try to see if I have the lung
capacity to take an actual walk around my block tomorrow. But, um, you know, um, Dan and I talked
about busting out the dream cast for second, uh, for second mix, just kind of off hand. Um,
um, I'm kind of thinking I might do the DDR thing again, but just so far, I've just been doing,
um, standard exercise, uh, yoga while listening to, uh, my, uh, my favorite podcasts really.
Including orange sounds radio. I'm just kidding.
But I do subscribe to us. Okay. That's good. That's good. Um, go ahead.
Oh, but you know, if, if anyone wants to know what my favorite podcasts are to ask me later,
I will tell you, cause they're awesome people. Um, I will say the one answer that nobody said
yet, uh, is my good old GPS games. I use a lot when walking, um, Orna has been a big one lately,
just because that's kind of been the game of the moment. But also the nice thing about Orna
is that it's not tied to, um, pokey stops or, you know, certain areas specifically, uh, Jamie,
we can hear your keyboard, just, you know, um, that's all right. Uh, so it's not tied to like
specific places like pokey stops and gyms of monsters and those types of things and Orna
spawn everywhere. Um, so if I just kind of like walk around the block where there might not be
any pokey stops, I can still do something. So that's been a really good game for that.
Um, but I know a lot of people still play Pokemon go and I've played that too, because I might go
to the park and play that, um, Ingress, um, that the, the play in that has slowed down tremendously
because most people are kind of staying in their own neighborhoods. So it's kind of one of those,
I like to go walking at one of the local parks, but like, if my competition hasn't taken it over
for their team, they don't go there as much as I do. So I oftentimes go there and I have nothing
to do because it's still, uh, my team's color. So, but they took it today. So I need to go,
uh, take care of that tomorrow, but we'll see. But yeah, I mean, that's been a good way to just
get out, get some sun and so forth is the nice, uh, GPS gaming. So there's that as well. Um,
and I know Pokemon go, especially has really been trying to, uh, rely on the incense. Um,
so you can really make more Pokemon spawn, even if you're just sitting in place. I know they did
a big event today. I checked it out for a little bit, but I wasn't going to sit there for six hours
playing that rating at home stuff yet. I don't think they've actually turned it on yet.
I know they've announced it, but it's not turned on yet, but I would imagine that's coming in the
next week. Uh, or very, very soon. I think before community day, cause community day is being
advertised with that new raid pass. Uh, and I got a new gym right nearby. So obviously I have to
keep it vague cause I don't like giving my address away on air, but I got a second gym added within
my site, what I can see from the house. So that will be like, um, something I can use, uh, cause
it says you can rate anything in your nearby view. So that's kind of nice. Oh, that's cool. Yeah.
So, um, I wonder if I can hit the, hit the one for my part. Um, you might as well, if, if it
comes up in your nearby, if like an egg is on it, then it's something you'll be able to remote raid.
That is apparently what the rules are supposed to be. Um, as to 200, Matt and chat says, I have
still been playing Pokemon go during this whole thing. I just play late at night when not a lot
of people are around. And that's 200. Matt says, I forgot about the event. I think that might also
tie into Pokemon goes kind of event fatigue. They've they're almost doing so many events.
It's hard to keep track of them sometimes. And some of them just fall off the radar. Like I've,
I've kind of given up on tracking all the Pokemon go events. Like I just play when I want to play.
They're clearly not increasing the level cap anytime soon. I'll catch them all eventually.
So I've kind of, I've kind of turned into filthy casual when it comes to Pokemon go. And that is
a okay. So, all right. Well, anyhow, I don't think I've touched it in a while to be honest.
Well, Hey, you know, if you start going for more walks that might that or order or so whatever's
up your alley might be the type of thing. That's just a kind of something that motivates you to
take a few more steps. You know what I mean? Yeah. I just saw that we unlocked falling King
Arthas, but apparently I can't bite him yet. Yeah. I doubt anybody. Yeah.
Well, that's doing that. Yeah. I'll be honest now though, when I'm walking or something like that,
I don't want to be distracted by looking at my phone when I'm trying to enjoy the scenery around
me. I'm just saying that's fair. Um, you know, I, I think you can find a blend of both. I try to
try to have a little bit of both, especially if I'm playing around sunset. Um, I find that the
phone can motivate me to kind of keep out there and then, Oh yeah. It's kind of look up once in
a while, you know, especially, um, if I'm well, you know, before the pandemic started, uh, when
I was playing Ingress in new areas, then it was very encouraging to kind of like, Oh, I never
would have thought this was here before. And you kind of stopped to check out, uh, that world
around you. So it's, um, kind of cool. So, all right. Kind of, I thought it would be interesting
to kind of hear about some of these fitness type of ways that were, you know, still staying fit in
this particular circumstance. Um, especially, uh, with this Beat Saber track, uh, having come out
this week specifically about fitness, let's move on though, and talk about, uh, the types of games
that we have been playing this week, whether they're fit or otherwise, and how was your gaming
week? So dark Sakura, how was your gaming week? What do you been playing? Animal crossing.
Of course. How's that going to be my gaming week for the next two years. Okay. Yeah. Um, really,
um, we finally, you know, got the KK things to the end of the storyline. I never say it's the
end of the game because the game is always ongoing. Dan still has the 2 million bell
loan to pay off for his basement. Now you're in the end game. Um, the animal crossing end game,
five star rating and the stonk market stonks. I actually did buy my first, uh,
Torps for actual doing a stock market. Well, you've got that whole little Facebook group
to share prices. And I've been added to two different Facebook groups for animal crossing.
Uh, there's yours. Yeah. And there's another one I got added to as well. And, uh, it's just,
it's great for checking up on turnip prices and stuff. So I wonder how long that's going to go.
Well, mine hasn't really died down at all in livelihood either.
And we know one of the other fun things about it is that, um,
it actually has been growing by more people. Like when I started this, I started it with 10 people
and I was like, Hey, you can add a friend here and there and a friend here and there turned into,
I don't know how many people we have in there. I'd have to go look at the statistics again,
but that group is just really growing. And if you're on, um, on Facebook, I do keep my Facebook
very, very hidden. Um, so if you're not, you know, a mutual or something, um, if you're a mutual
reach out, let me know. Um, if you find me on, uh, Twitter, I might be able to get you
away into the group. So we'll see, but the group is doing pretty well. Um, and everyone's been
really forthcoming. No one's like, Hey, I'm selling this for 50 million bells. You have
to pay it up or nothing. You need to leave a 50,000 bell tip and there will be a bodyguard
there amongst the fence path to collect. I can't stand that side of the game. I'm sorry. Those are
the types of groups I don't want to be in. You know, the only thing that I do, if it's an
absolute stranger, I'll do a limited code. And I got the idea from somebody of, um,
uh, putting, uh, a booth, like one of those little stands in front of, um, where the, uh,
airport is so that they can't get past it. Although I did wall off most of my, uh, village
because, um, and I'm not, you know, I'm not mad about it, but I've been more cautious that, um,
one of my friends, um, husband was playing on her account while she was, you know, tending to their,
their two-year-old. And, um, he came and shot down a bunch of my bamboo. Oh, yikes. Okay.
Cause I had, I had, um, cause the character in as a best friend. Yeah. Yeah. Or just,
you just the normal friend opening. But if you're someone's in with a dodo code, then they can dig
up your flowers and all of that. And I normally, you know, I'm fine with it. Usually I'm like,
Hey, look, I have extra of these blue pansies and I've got purple pansies now for the record.
Um, yeah, yeah. Go ahead and dig yourself up too. You know, and they chopped down. I mean,
thankfully I had sprouts. I could, you know, I could regrow the bamboo. It was fine. But I was
like, Hey, just talk to your husband and tell him that ain't cool. And she's like, Oh, he didn't
know any better. He's sorry. He says he's sorry. I'm like, okay. But still, I, I actually now I
have a, we call it our gated community. Um, and I'm finally getting my 10th villager, but I have
the way I have it laid out is the fences go, and they're really unobtrusive until you actually try
to leave, to go across the bridge. My river is, you know, four spaces wide now, you know,
at that cutoff point. So I've got pads that end. So, um, I've really, uh, you know, it's kind of
like how you can like at Disneyland, how they redo the chains to reform the Cuba reroute that I live
in Disneyland now. See, I just, I just wouldn't invite anyone. I didn't trust to not screw up my
town. Like, and you know, unless you put them on your best friends list, they can't, and you know,
you're not, you're just not going to be able to a hundred percent prevent the, like the, the husband
signing on the wife's account or whatever that whole thing, like, you're not going to be able to
a hundred percent stamp that out. Those types of issues are going to happen, but I just wouldn't
invite anyone in my town that I didn't trust to like, go to nooks, do your thing, please don't
run through the flowers, but if they run through flowers and they don't run through flowers,
but if they run through flowers and they grow back in two days, they're just going to irritate me.
Yeah. It doesn't destroy the flowers. Yeah. It's not like it wasn't the older games. Like,
as long as you don't add them to your best friends list, they're really limited on what they can do.
Well, the thing that I'm really doing is I'm trying to still encourage that open trade in the,
uh, in the community. So like today I walled off my sections and I stuck down my happy birthday
sign, which there'll be pictures up on my Instagram. That's, uh, double to no Shema,
uh, you know, double to underscore no underscore Shema. Um, and, uh, I, uh, you know, I had like
a little birthday party and everything that Agnes threw for me who I'm actually liking Agnes,
even though I call her a, you know, a bitch whenever I'm looking for. Um, but I had it to
where people could go visit my villagers. They can go to my stores, they could go in my museum,
you know, I can do little pictures and everything. I had my happy birthday sign it and a cake and
everything out. And I sat in the director's chair and, you know, and, you know, had a held
court PRI outfit. Cause it'll have enough bells for the crown. Um, and so, um, and you and Dan
and I last night, you know, we'll more like up to two in the morning. We, since I got terraforming,
we, you know, redid the grounds and we move things around and we just had a great time, you know,
it's been something, and I'm surprised that Dan has gotten as into it as he has. Um, but it's
something that he and I can do together. Um, and for the record, we do have a final fantasy
seven remake, but we haven't been so inclined to play it. Not yet. Interesting. Just cause you're
just so into animal crossing. Oh, that too. And it's just like, when we're not doing animal
crossing, we're watching our normal, you know, YouTube channels that we like to watch. Like we
like the, uh, the four levels of chef videos and we like the gourmet recreates videos and we like
binging with Babish. So you're just, you're just not in a rush to get to it. You'll get to it when
you get to it. Yeah. Retro core. That's another one. And we've also played a little bit of pinball
together. It's going to be two years before the next episode comes out anyway. So, I mean,
it's not a big deal. I don't think. No. Yeah. So yeah, we've got time. I'm cool with it. Cool.
All right. Well, um, by the way, I don't think you heard the end of Bobby's show because he was
telling a story, uh, that would have piqued your interest. Now I would encourage everybody to
listen to the Bobby Black Wolf show. Uh, but I will, I will summarize his story.
So Bobby has been trying to get one specific villager to come to his island and it's the
villager everybody wants. It's Oddie, right? The, the one named after the grandmother,
um, that played. So he's been using, um, Nook Miles tickets to go talk to, uh, all those,
you know, villagers that hang out on the island, right? Because when you have an open house,
uh, there will be villagers on the Nook Miles Island. Uh, like I just got boomer, uh, yesterday.
So I finally have a penguin in my town for the first time ever in all of my Animal Crossing
history. I finally have a fricking penguin in my town. Thank you very much. Um, but you can
talk to them and they'll, they'll move into the empty house if you want them to. Well, he went to
an island and he realized that he was fishing up nothing but garbage. He was on garbage Island and
Jamie, guess what villager was living on garbage Island? I think I know. Yeah. If you look to chat,
you probably know it was Ed. Ed, Ed lives on garbage Island. Ed is full of garbage.
I ran into Ed at somebody's, somebody else's, uh, town and I wish he'd been outside because
I would have beaten him to shit with a bug net or, or tried to ax him or something.
My friend that I visited the other day had Dina and I thought of you. Um,
she gave me a recipe. She was very nice. You know what? I have the card for Dina.
I'm getting a spare Dina of which when it arrives, I'm giving it to you. Oh, um,
I I've already given out my other spare cards except some of my specials,
but I discovered something as well. I have one Sanrio card. I have the 12 card,
which is the, the, the little twin stars. And I got it because I wanted, um, I was going to do,
the, uh, amiibo thing on new leaf. Um, and I wanted a 12, you know, the little twin star set
and it never did it. And when I saw that you can use the little twin stars amiibo cards,
I was like, Oh shit. And I found where my card went. And so what happens is that if you've got
villagers that you want to summon from amiibo cards that you can't thumb and like,
you can't bring in at 12 and you can't do Digby or reset or any of those, you know,
when you still scan the amiibo card, you, when you get back on your, uh, your nook
kiosk thing, when you go into do a special order, you now have a place for posters.
Yep. So I have a little twin stars poster.
That's awesome. See, okay. We need to do a little amiibo trading that I don't know.
Maybe I have some figures you don't have. Cause I I'm obsessed with those little posters. I
have a room that has a bunch of them in it. Um, so I have like those little,
those little goats that are friends. I have them cause some of them form like super posters.
So you there there's, um, use the Tom Nook amiibo and then the Timmy and Tommy amiibo.
And it's three posters and they go together to form like a super poster.
It's really, I need to put it back in cause I have the Timmy and Nook and I need to rescan
my Nooklings for Tommy. Um, but right now, um, I have a reset poster in my house. I have a DJ
KK downstairs. I have, you know, my regular KK and I have my little, and it actually,
the little twin stars one is Timmy and Tommy as a Kiki Lala and Rob, I will absolutely order you
a poster tomorrow. Um, I think I used up my, my orders, but I'm also willing to say that if any
of our listeners, you know, if you want a Kiki Lala poster over, I'll say the next two weeks,
I will give out four of them and you have to message me on Twitter and we'll, we'll work out
the code or the dodo code or whatever. And you can't give out that code to anybody, but I will,
I will make sure that you get a Kiki Lala poster or one of Timmy and Tommy is Kiki Lala.
Fun. All right. All right. Well, let's move on. I think we've talked a lot of animal crossing,
but I know it's, it's, it's not enough. You can't get away from it. It's everywhere.
Anyway. Uh, Loki, maybe, maybe your week was filled with animal crossing too. I don't know.
How was your gaming week? No, I have still not touched animal crossing, unfortunately,
even though I have it. Um, no, this week was pretty much just step mania. I've been,
you know, still trying to curate my, uh, song list and keep adding to it. They have too many
songs in there. And so right now, mainly just trying to get the repeats out of there and,
um, trying to take out stuff that's just ridiculously, like irritating or just,
you know, uh, the steps are ridiculous on them. Um, cause going through his stuff,
there's a lot of, I know like folks love doing like step files for anime music. And
I mean, it's fine, but like when you have like 500 songs of like various anime tracks
for animes I've never seen, like that's too much or like even like hardcore techno or,
and you, uh, rave music and stuff. It's like, okay. It's just so much of it just sounds the
same. Like I need to whittle down some of that stuff so that it's not so crazy. Um,
so yeah, so I've been doing that, um, and actually playing some of it as well. Um,
and then aside from step mania, I've been playing a little bit of stuff on my PC. So I played
Minecraft this week as well. Uh, we were playing with my kids this morning and so I have a realm,
it's kind of like a server, um, that we all play as a family. And so they wanted to go
kill the other dragon. So we found the, uh, fortress and, or I'm sorry. Yeah,
I think it's a stronghold. And we went to the end and, uh, killed the under dragon as a family.
So that was kind of fun. And then, uh, what else? Uh, look played a little bit of earth
defense force, iron rain, uh, because I picked that up on a steam sale at some point. And so,
uh, of course, you know, I love my earth defense force games and that one's kind of ridiculous as
well, but it's, it's a fancier looking earth defense force. So, um, I like that. The only
thing I didn't quite care for is a lot of those games are kind of shoddily put together. So
for whatever reason, it like, it really wants to play on my laptop monitor, which I have two
dedicated monitors, you know, at my desk and it's just trying to play on the side here.
So I have to disable my laptop, uh, display in order for it to play on the right screen,
which is stupid. Absolutely dumb, but it's earth defense force. So what are you going to do?
So that's pretty much it. All right. Sounds like you've had a pretty, pretty busy week.
I love that story of killing the ender dragon as a family. That's adorable.
Uh, some people play board games, your family kills dragons. That's cool. Uh, so, uh, my gaming
week. So yeah, I've had some time to play video games. Um, so I'm still playing a lot of final
fantasy 14, cause that's my MMO time seek of choice. Um, and I've also been playing animal
crossing, just like dark Sakura, probably not as much as star Sakura. Although I also,
today was my KK to concert actually this morning when I signed in to get the turnips,
I got the KK concert, which is when the credits roll. So does that mean I beat animal crossing?
Can I count that as IB animal crossing for the year? Cause you finished the storyline.
Okay. Like, like you were saying, you're now in end game. I'm in the end game now. Yeah,
no, but I I've been, uh, I've been getting a little more into the gardening thing. So I'm
starting to collect the flowers. Like you brought me like blue pansies, I think. And so I've been
trying to set up those efficient cross breeding gardens. You've probably seen some of the pictures
floating around out there. Um, so, and I, I have a cute little area. I've been really into
customizing the things I build. Like I did not realize like, Oh, not only can you build a
fountain, but you can paint it black. And I was like, Ooh, so I set up this whole little like
garden and I love it. So, um, yeah, you'll have to, you'll have to come see what I did dark Sakura.
Cause I kind of changed a lot in that. And I finally got able sisters, which I know you
were looking for last time. So, uh, that is there. Hey, if, if during your lunch tomorrow, cause I,
I had already taken two days off for my birthday because I was supposed to be in San Francisco,
but no disease. Thank you dump anyway. Um, but, um, tomorrow we'll have to, um, to do some cross
visiting so that we can see each other's new changes. Cause like I said, I've done a lot of
work in my town. Yeah. So, and then I built himself a redneck paradise. I just unlocked
all that terraforming. So now, and now I'm, I had like 40,000 miles in storage cause I never go to
the islands. So like, I'm like, Oh, I'm buying that. I'm buying that. I'm buying that. So yeah,
you'll have to see anyway. Um, I also, I keep thinking I'm going to do a stream on my personal
channel and I will get to it. Here's what's kind of been slowing me down on streaming on my
personal channel. I've actually had to use some of the equipment to set up my work stuff on my,
in my personal office. Some of like the splitters and HDMI cables and stuff are actually making me
able to work in my office. So if you're wondering like why I haven't streamed in a long time,
that is a big part of the reason, but I need to just fix all that. Cause I really want to do
like a stream where I visit people's animal crossing towns, uh, and, uh, hit their villagers
with bug nets. No, I'm kidding. I'll be respectful. It'd be fun. So, uh, yeah. Um, there's that. So,
uh, I, I've been making progress in animal crossing, which is cool. I've also been playing
a crap ton of final fantasy seven remake. Still haven't beaten it yet, but I'm at least 20 hours
in I'm thinking beyond that. And I am in chapter 13, 14, maybe I don't, I just opened up a lot of
sub quests and that is probably what I can say without spoiling. Cause obviously I'm not going
to be that guy who spoils, uh, how can you spoil a game that is so many years old and just being
remade because, and I said this last week and I'll say it again because not enough people understand
this final fantasy seven remake is not the same story. I mean, it kinda, it's the same plot.
It's the same characters, but they've changed quite a bit. And so if you're again going,
well, I'm not going to play a game. That's only a quarter of the experience. You're wrong.
It's it's it's you're, you're thinking of it, not the right, you're not putting it in the right
framing because it's not a one for one remake of the original whatsoever. It is completely a new,
uh, plot because they have fleshed things out and all that good stuff are really good.
So I was making comparisons on last week's show and a really good one came up on Bobby
Black Wolf show from pod culture. And I think this is the best comparison I've heard yet.
It's the battle star Galactica 70 series and the battle star Galactica reboot series.
They're different. There's a lot of similarities, a lot, a lot of similar characters, a lot of
things, but a lot's changed for one. The special effects are much better in the newer version.
So I think that was a really, really good, um, comparison. Um, Tiger claw and chat says,
does a certain character meet the same fate? Um, I don't know yet because it has not been addressed
in the story. And even if I did know, I was not, I would never spoil for the listeners and, uh,
we'll, we'll, we'll find out, uh, play the game and find out. And maybe in six months,
we can talk a little more openly about it when, uh, enough people have played it at this point.
Um, let's see, um, going to chat for some other comments, uh, Phoenix 77 26 says,
I wonder if they will make certain decisions in that game again, or if certain party members will
stay until the end, Rob, I don't know. It depends. It depends. I don't know what they're going to do
for the future episodes. Um, because there's really only four playable characters in this game.
Um, and so I don't know what's going to happen when you open up things like Vincent Yuffie and,
uh, Sid and like all the characters you get later on. Oh yeah. And that was, that was the thing too,
is member. You could also get you earlier in the game, um, in Midgar actually in the original that
is rare to do that, but you could do it. Yeah. So I, the answer, the answer is I don't know. And I,
again, I think it is incorrect to assume because anything happened in the original,
it's going to happen the same way in this one. This game makes it very clear. They're not going
to follow the exact same script. Um, so they're going to do their own thing. So we, we, we really
don't know. So what's going to happen in that department. Uh, maybe there'll be new characters
you can play. Who knows? Um, I, uh, what, what, Oh, I will say this. So, um, they've said openly,
you know, you know, you can play Aerith Barrett, uh, Tifa cloud, and then red 13 is there,
but you, he's a guest character. They've said that in pre-release interviews. I'm not like spoiling
anything. They haven't talked about openly the official staff before the game came out. It's
pretty limited to those characters. However, another character, and this is the part I am
going to leave vague, did show up in a cut scene. And I was like, like, I was like, I,
I was not expecting to see that. And it was, it was, it was like a blink and you'll miss it thing.
And I was like, that's, that's, and that was it. So, uh, there's, and I don't think in the
original, the character was in the Midgar part of the story. So I'm there's again,
they're doing their own thing and I think it's great. So, um, Phoenix 77 26 says, Rob,
do we know when the next episode is coming out? No, we don't. And we don't even know if they're
calling it an episode. They're going to do their own thing and that's fine. So, um, anyhow, so
that's enough on Final Fantasy 7 Remake. I'm, I'm still loving it. Um, oh no, I should say one other
thing because I think now some things where I could see like some criticisms of the game,
um, not so much the story, but I did notice in playing chapters 10 and 11, some of it started
to feel, and Alan was actually watching me play because, um, Alan wanted to see a certain sequence
that happened in the game. And then it led into chapters 10 and 11. And even he had kind of
commented like, this is getting to be a little like these maps are getting a little long. Like
these, this is getting a little samey what you're doing. And I would say it was starting to get
luckily the game picked up again, but it was starting to feel a little bit grindy and a little
bit like, okay, this is getting a little like, yeah. Um, and then the other thing I think is
that really needs to be brought up about Final Fantasy 7 Remake is that
a lot of people that are praising Final Fantasy 7 Remake, and I'm not saying Final Fantasy 7 Remake
isn't deserving of lots of praise. I'm praising it. It's a great game, but it is fascinating to
me. How many people are praising 7 Remake who completely took a shit on Final Fantasy 13?
Because I'm gonna tell you what, Final Fantasy 7 Remake almost has just as much in common
with Final Fantasy 13 as it does with Final Fantasy 7. You'll see what I mean when you get
around to playing it. But part of it is some of the maps do get kind of linear, except you might
have a little branching path that takes you to a treasure chest. But like, I'm kind of surprised.
And again, it didn't bother me in 13, because I still felt like there was enough like progression.
There was enough where it kind of fit the narrative and the story they were trying to tell
like the the linearity in Final Fantasy 13 didn't really bother me. But I want to be clear,
it's no better in Final Fantasy 7 Remake. So it's interesting to me how people that were really
bothered by... I really think if you play Final Fantasy 7 Remake and you finish it and all that
stuff, you should go back and play Final Fantasy 13 and reevaluate some of your feelings on Final
Fantasy 13. Because I think that game, I think time will treat that game more favorably than
what it got when it first came out. I think as people go back and play it again. That whole
stagger mechanic that's in Final Fantasy 7 Remake, guess what game that came from? 13. So, you know,
put some put some respect on Final Fantasy 13's name. That's what I'm saying. And what a perfect
time to re-release the trilogy, although I don't think Square Enix has any plans to. But if I
remember right, at the end of last year, Microsoft said at least 13 would be coming to Game Pass at
some point. I don't know about 13 to enlightening returns. I can't recall if that was included.
But we should be seeing at some point 13 hit Microsoft Game Pass. So if you happen to have
that, what a great opportunity to revisit, hopefully coming soon. I don't know. We'll see.
So some comments in chat because I knew my hot take would get some comments here in chat.
Bobby Blackwell says, it's very corridor heavy. I enjoyed 13. Akuma JP says, nope, Rob, you're
wrong. How dare you? Final Fantasy 13 has shitty story. Final Fantasy 13 battle is shitty without
materia. Final Fantasy 13 has shitty dialogue. Final Fantasy 13 says has shitty character
except lightning. But Final Fantasy 13 also has a decent ending. And I don't know if I
necessarily agree. I enjoyed the battles, to be honest. I don't. Yeah. So anyway.
VG Realness says, I never understood why people complain about Final Fantasy games being linear.
They always were. I know I personally dislike 13 for other reasons. And that's fine. Again,
people can have their own opinions on games. It's fine. But it's just interesting to me sometimes
how the criteria here doesn't match the criteria here all the time. But that's fine. If you didn't
like the story and you didn't like the characters, I don't think I can like change your mind on that.
That's just one of those things that's open to interpretation like any movie or book or what
have you. It's just going to click for some people. It's not going to click for other people.
And I will say Final Fantasy 13 did get a little alphabet soupy with some of their,
like the lacy and the falcie. And it did get a little, okay, I'll give you that. It got a
little crazy with all that stuff. So it's fine. VG Realness says, I mean, name a Final Fantasy
game prior to 15 that was not linear. 14 and 11, the MMOs. Okay. If I can't count those though,
yeah, no. I mean, even go back to the very first Final Fantasy. You're right.
A lot of that game's design is very gated. It's like you have this part of the map and then you're
going to go to this dungeon and get the dynamite that opens this part of the map. And then you're
going to go to this dungeon and get the canoe that opens this part of the map. And then you're going
to go get the boat that opens this part of the map. And then the airship that opens this part
of that. You're right. Final Fantasy games have kind of been linear in design for a very long
time. So VG Realness says about the MMOs, they don't count. Don't get cute. I can't help it.
I was born cute. All right. That's enough of my gaming week. Uh, let's talk about some other stuff
like what's going on in the news. So, uh, Loki, if you didn't fall asleep during my rants,
why don't you start us off with some gaming news? Um, so like this isn't a really big surprise,
but apparently, uh, Sony is, they're saying they're going to be making fewer PlayStation
fives this year. Um, due to its price, basically, um, you know, the thought is that a lot of these
consoles might be a little bit behind in production because of the whole COVID-19 thing
and folks not being able to return to work and that kind of stuff. But apparently they're saying
that, um, they're expecting that the pricing of course is going to be a factor in, um, not being
able to manufacture these units. I'm guessing maybe because the longer that they wait or because
production right now is impacted by that, there's high prices for that stuff. We don't even really
know what the price of the console is going to be yet, but we'll have to see. Um, right now they're
been telling their partners that they're going to make between five to 6 million PlayStation fives
during the financial year, which is, I mean, uh, March 31st of next year. And apparently they've
sold of course more than that for like PlayStation three and four and stuff within the first two
quarters. So, um, I don't know. I mean, I think a lot of these stories seem to be just, let's
speculate on stuff because we got nothing to go with. Cause it's slow. No, I think there is
definitely some of that coming into play, but I think, I think like, I think people are already
concerned about how might the COVID situation and how it impacts the various factories and all
these different countries that produce products. How is that going to ultimately play out in the
situation? But I think it's interesting about this. Um, buzz, if you, I don't know what else
to call it a rumors, you know, what have you, uh, admittedly, uh, what's interesting about it is
that they aren't really blaming the COVID situation, but they're saying because these,
these parts are still very expensive and they're not projected to come down in price for a little
bit. Uh, Sony is like, kind of like purposefully making less of it. So that way it doesn't feel
like they're like, like the store shelves are full of them and it's not selling well, I guess
that's kind of what I'm reading. I don't think it's necessarily that they're saying that
basically certain components are scarce and expensive, which would cut into the company's
profits. So they're basically holding back on producing a large number of these right now,
while the component pricing is high and waiting to produce more, once all that stuff settles down
and everybody's back to work and then all the pricing will come down. Yeah. And I was to say
that would make more sense is that during this COVID situation, like, you know, technology gets
cheaper and cheaper and cheaper is the usual trajectory. Right. But during this situation,
that's probably not happening. And so maybe that's kind of throwing off Sony's patterns as to
how much money are we going to make off this console and when, and all that stuff,
um, as Joanna. No, go ahead. I was going to say, and we have to even see when it's going to come
out because right now we're targeting the end of the year, but I mean, there's no, that's not set
in stone. So we'll have to see. Absolutely. I mean, depending on how this whole COVID stuff
plays out, which we just don't know, you know, especially if the recent wave of, you know,
and again, I'm, I'm really trying not to go there on the show, but this, it is the reality and could
have an effect on games and stuff. But if this recent wave of people clearly not giving a fuck
anymore and just wanting to go out in mass and like, you know, I would rather make money, uh,
for my boss than, uh, be healthy and all this stuff. If this plays into this situation,
just getting drawn out longer, uh, because a second wave ends up happening, like what happened,
uh, in the 19 hundreds with that flu pandemic, um, then maybe we're not going to see this end
by September or October, which is when you would expect a new console to come out.
Well, also something to add with that too. I'm glad that you brought that up because with these,
uh, I'm just going to say it with these absolute idiots. I hate using the word, but they're
idiots. Um, people who are trying to protest about going back to work, um, they don't seem to realize
that yes, in 1918, when they, uh, during the height of the Spanish flu, when, um, after the
end of world war, world war one, yeah. When, um, you know, the rates were going down, people were
getting better. The moment they had a big massive celebration for the end of world war one,
guess what happened? The pandemic spiked even higher than it did before resulting in,
I would, I think it was like another 20% more deaths than the first spike had cost.
Yeah. And it's just, I, I, I understand, like, I understand the frustrations where people like,
you know, are like, they're not able to work right now, you know, especially in people that are in
like the bar industry or the entertainment or the, you know, um, live concert type of experience
stuff. Uh, you know, these people are not able to work right now and I understand those frustrations,
but at the same time, I don't, for me, and I guess now this is a political issue,
which is so weird to think, cause I didn't think this should be, but clearly, but like,
instead of begging to go back to work and expose all these people to this,
why aren't we protesting that the government should be providing for us?
Exactly. Well, and that should be the protest, shouldn't it? I don't know. This is weird.
One thing that I tried to tell my mom too, is she's like, Oh, you know,
she's one of those good old days, kind of, Oh, the fifties, blah, blah, blah, you know?
And she doesn't like when I point out to her the tax rates that we were, that, that America
in general had in the fifties and that we were coming right out of FDR's new deal. He's like,
Oh, but, but the last two months, you can't say that you want things to go back to the
prosperity that we had before yet vote against the things that made us have that prosperity before.
Yeah. You cut out there. Did you have anything else?
Um, no.
Okay. Sorry. Um, so, um, anyway, I, sorry, I didn't mean to get tangenty,
but it's going to happen with everything that's going on in the world. Sorry. But I mean,
and like I said, it could affect all of this because if we, if we do not succeed in eradicating
this or minimizing it to a traceable testable thing that's controlled, let's say, uh, within
the next couple of months, then we could be looking at things in the fall, get pushed back
to, and we don't get new game consoles because you know, companies don't want to risk that type
of financial state or whatever. Um, because that should not be the type of stuff that we're rushing
to target to get. Uh, as somebody is pointing out in chat, Phoenix 77 26 says, I get those,
but then you have asses whining about how they can't get fertilizer for their hobby garden,
or can't get their hair cut or some ass, nine shit like that. And that's, that's the thing is
that, you know, essential means essential, right? So, um, video game consoles, I'm sorry,
they're not, they're not essential. You probably have a gigantic backlog of games on steam and so
forth. Um, or you know what, let me, let me introduce you to a fantastic website. It's called
itch.io and games as far as the eye can see low cost and free that will keep you busy for the next
10 years if you want it to, uh, even that might remind everybody that Ludum Dari is this weekend
as well. There is going to be literally hundreds of games available for you to play. And plus all
those other game jam games from previous tons of game jams all the time, free games all around.
Yeah. So we don't, we don't need a PlayStation five this year. Sure. It would be nice as a
gaming fan. I would welcome that, but I understand there's a lot of crazy shit going on in the world
right now. And if the PlayStation five doesn't happen as a result this year, I'll be okay. I,
I got food and water. I'll be okay. So it's yeah. Anyway, we'll see, we'll see what happens though,
as, um, you know, the, the, the weeks and so forth continue. And, uh, especially if Sony is kind of
running up against the clock to maybe announce some of this stuff, a lot of folks expecting
that Sony would announce things in a June timeframe because June would have been E3.
June is typically the month when these things are unveiled. Although I suppose if Sony shown
anything in the past couple of years, it is that they're going to do whatever the fuck they want
and they're going to do it on their timetable. So, um, do we expect a Loki or dark side? Do we
expect Sony to make an announcement in June or, or do we think that doesn't even happen at this
point? Um, it, I think it's going to happen at some point they're going to have some sort of
announcements, but yeah, a lot of these, they don't really seem to have much of a digital
plan for, um, well, aside from what IGN is supposed to be doing for that, but like,
there's not really anything been announced yet for that. And I don't know if they're in a big
hurry to do that. Um, I don't know. I hope we get some announcements. I think it would
behoove them though, to try to keep some kind of hype running, you know,
I think that's also why we are getting a little bit, we are getting kind of like the drip feed
of like, for example, we had that Mark Cerny, uh, game developer conference, uh, clearly crafted
presentation that came out. We just had a game that's getting up, up dude for PlayStation five,
had a trailer come out this week. And, uh, so it's showing off a little bit of what the PlayStation
five can do. Uh, that was available. So I, I do feel like they're still going to kind of like
drip feed us little bits and pieces here and there, but as for the big unveil, who knows?
And I think SGL 100 Matt has an excellent point in chat. It's kind of bad timing to announce a
price for things when people are struggling to pay rent. I don't even know if June is the time,
like Loki is saying they don't need to rush. And that's a very good point as well is that, um,
it might be kind of tacky of Sony to announce something like that until we have a solution for,
you know, when will things start to get back to some sense of normalcy and when will
the majority of people be able to go back to work and some of those things get answered?
I don't know. Um, I would hope by June, we're starting to get to some of those questions, but
I will listen to the West coast governors on that because they're listening to scientists.
So I don't think normal is going to exist. Well, that's why I said some sense of normal.
This is the new normal. I really think this is it. This is the new normal.
I don't think shelter in place is the normal forever.
I think some things are going to be different, but I, and like mass gatherings may still be
impacted for a while. I think conventions and Disneyland and those sorts of things could be,
uh, on hold for a lot longer. But I think, I mean, it just, it all depends on the testing.
It depends on the testing and tracking. That's what it boils down to. Uh, listen to those, uh,
six points that the governor laid out previously. I think they will start to open restaurants and,
you know, allow you to go visit friends and things like that, but it's going to be situations where
the contacts are traceable when it comes down to, but anyway, um, yeah, I agree with Bobby.
There's no way we're going to shelter in place until fall of 2021. I just, that's not what I
meant. Okay. I mean that it's the taking extra precautions, having more social, um, windfalls,
especially here in California. I think that they're really going to, I honestly think that
we're going to get a, uh, quite a bit more of a, uh, a socialist turn in some of this because we
are enacting more and more policies now to protect people who have no means of,
of their livelihood anymore. And I think we're going to start to see things like, um,
a little bit more involvement and hopefully on a national scale, I'd really like for us to see
more of a, uh, what's the word I'm thinking of more, um, foresight more, um, uh, gosh,
I can't think of the word right now when you're, um, when you're ahead of the curve, you know,
for when you're prepared. Yeah. Yeah. Not the word I was thinking of, but it's kind of like that
anyway, but that's, um, I'm having word problems. Um, but I think that we're hopefully that we're
going to see, we're going to actually learn from this. I mean, not with, of course,
the current administration, but I also think that we might, there's going to be a big turn against
that kind of backwards thought. We're going to start seeing people look more appreciatively at
those who provide the services of, of, of our country. I really do hope so. That's what I'm
thinking is going to be the new normal. Oops, I hit my button by accident. Um, the new normal
is going to be that we, we also hopefully we'll do a lot more for each other and live more frugally
that we're not going to be as we need, need, need, need, need all of this stuff.
When we know that it's not a need, it's a want, and we have bigger things that we need to be
worrying about just saying, and this is me as a gamer saying this. Yeah. So that made sense.
Yeah, no, I get it. I get it. Anyway, I'm trying again, it's, it's hard for the subject not to come
up, but I mean, it is impacting the video games that we're talking about. And, you know, I think
a lot of these expectations as gamers of, Oh, things are announced in June and dah, dah, dah,
like this is all up in the air due to this situation, which you just kind of like have
to understand, um, you know, that, that if anything is the new normal, it's uncertainty
and uncertainty is that normal, you know, so not everything is necessarily going to go
according to a whatever, whatever type of plan. Um, also I think worth pointing out,
remember the Nintendo switch, Nintendo switch, what they announced that in early January.
And it locked cause it was right after new year's day. It was around like January
seventh or so they announced that. And then it launched in what, like early March.
So not even like two months between announcement and launch and the Nintendo switch has done very,
very well. So there's nothing to say that Sony couldn't announce in September and then launch
it in November, two months be plenty of time for them. I don't know if that's what the investors
would like, but they could do it could happen. We'll see anyhow. All right, let's move on,
get into some other topics. Uh, let's talk about Facebook, uh, which I know, I know in some ways
I'm like, I'd rather not, because if you want to talk about where a lot of this misinformation
and people going crazy and, and 5g caused this and all this stuff, I mean, look at Facebook,
like where does, where does all that BS said about that, Rob, about, about certain technologies
causing problems like this. Um, electricity. Yeah. Anyway, it's silly. We all, I think anybody
listening to this show on a cell phone connection probably knows that that's talk is silly, but
people, people spread it. People spread things and Facebook is one thing they used to do it,
but I guess we get Facebook to spread the rumors that like loop boxes cause COVID-19.
I don't know. At least that's a positive, you know, like we can get rid of loot boxes at the
same time. We need those clickbait articles. I don't know, but, uh, maybe Facebook doesn't
want to be known as the capital of misinformation anymore. And they want to be known as a gaming
site. So Facebook is going to be releasing their own gaming mobile app this week. Supposedly it
launches on April 20th. Uh, so meaning Monday tomorrow. So we'll see. Uh, I don't know if it
will, but that's the date they're targeting. I can't wait for all of the apps to shove that
down my throat. Yeah. Right. Uh, there will be, uh, some casual games built into the app
that you can play, but you can also watch and create gaming live streams because Facebook
is trying to go after that audience with the Twitch and the YouTube and all that. They are
saying that the apple initially be available for Android. They are simply waiting on the iOS, uh,
apple approval type of a situation for, uh, that side of things. Maybe, maybe they won't. I don't
know. I think it will go through, but anyway, uh, doesn't talk about how broadcasting is going to
work on the apple devices. Um, that could be interesting, but I think stream labs works,
so I'm sure it's possible, but we'll see. Um, honestly, I'm not ready to really sign on to
Facebook gaming. I think before Facebook tries to, this is a personal opinion. I think before
Facebook tries to put its hand in all these other cookie jars, they need to fix the jar they're in
and the spreading of misinformation is that jar that needs to be fixed. Sure. I think I heard
they made it so that if you like an article that has misinformation about COVID-19, a pop-up comes
up. Um, that's a start, a really small delayed late after the fact start, but here, you know,
have a, have a cookie, you know, you did that now do more. Um, so we'll see, but in the meantime,
I'm not interested in their gaming app whatsoever. Um, but maybe some of you are and you know what,
who knows, maybe it really will be the next big thing and I'm completely underestimating it,
but I am a-okay with Twitch in the meantime. And Mixer's pretty cool too. Uh, and, uh, yeah,
I'll leave it at that. So if we don't have any other comments on that, let's go over to, um,
Dark Soccer with a bit of, um, kind of sad news. Bummers. Yeah. Lots of bummers. Sorry. Lots of
bummers, but. So we have, uh, lost some people in the gaming industry and I, I'm always like,
I read these articles. So-and-so has died. I'm like, that's very passive. They just died.
So-and-so died. Just say it, you know, I hate the, the passive, make it gentle thing. I want it
final, you know? But anyway, um, uh, among those lost was Rick May, who was the, uh, one of the
voice actors in Star Fox 64. He was Peppy, Peppy Hare and Andross, you know, bad guy. Um, he also
was, uh, the soldier in Team Fortress 2 and the narrator and voice of Genghis Khan in, uh, Age
of Empires 2. He's done movie work. He was a teacher. Um, so, uh, you know, the community has
suffered a, a loss, uh, with the hold that he's left. Um, another, you know, big name, um, a lot
that we know, um, it was Paul Haddad who was the, uh, voice of Leon in the original release of
Resident Evil 2 or Biohazard. Um, you know, and again, he had done, uh, some other movie work.
Um, he's done some animated work in the 1990s. X-Men, he was Quicksilver. So, um, he was also
like the Adventures of Tintin and Babar, you know, a lot, you know, classic video game,
video game and, uh, animation voice actor. And again, another, another hole is left.
And then our last one was the, uh, voice actor for, um, uh, Axel in, uh, Kingdom Hearts. It was,
uh, Fujiwara Keiji, um, also, also died. Um, 55 years old, too. Um, he died of cancer.
Um, and he had taken a break from voice acting in, um, from August, 2016 to June,
2017 to go through treatment. Um, but, uh, you know, one of his other big roles, um,
he was the father, um, in Crayon Shin-chan, uh, Hiroshi. And he, um, was also Arden in
Final Fantasy 15 and Reno in Final Fantasy 7 Remake. So very recent loss, very recent voice
actor. So there you go. And it is, it is interesting that the first question everybody's
asking in this day and age is, was it COVID? Um, and in this case, um, I believe Rick May
passed from COVID related complications, but, and they're, they're not St. Paul Haddad, the
cause of death was not released. So, um, don't know on that one. Um, or do you? No. Um, I,
I actually, I just closed it, but I thought that they had released it. Let me just double
check it again. And then, uh, Keiji, uh, Fujiwara, uh, was cancer, as you said. Yeah. So, um,
yeah, they did, they did release, um, what the cause of death was. Um, but, um, in other,
you know, we've also, uh, for COVID things, now this has nothing to do with video games,
but everyone knows who Christopher Cross is, right? Like from the eighties, you know, um,
but he is paralyzed because of COVID. We've lost some amazing people. One of our, our, uh,
or, uh, one of our, uh, big, uh, uh, names in trans right activism, uh, died as well. Very,
uh, very recently only, I think a couple of weeks ago. So, um, that definitely is the first thing
that we look at. Cause that seems to be the biggest killer in the United States is above
every other country in the world combined. Um, Tiger Claw and Chad is mentioning the,
uh, Danny Goldman passed this week. Uh, uh, not maybe known for games, but definitely known to
people for, uh, his role in young Frankenstein and was the voice of brainy Smurf. Uh, and then
I know we lost, uh, Brian Dennehy this week, who was very much a, that guy actor. Although
again, Brian Dennehy was not COVID. It's just, you know, people die of other causes and that
is all happening. Go back and watch Cocoon. Yeah. Yeah. He was very much at that. I always
think of, um, I know this is terrible, but I always think of the South Park movie cause
they're singing the Brian Boy Tonto song. And at one point they have Brian Dennehy showing up and
somebody goes, not fucking Brian Dennehy, Brian Boy Tonto. So, but he was definitely like, everybody
still knows who Brian Dennehy is. Like he's one of those like people you look at and you just,
yeah. Tiger claw mentioned, uh, first blood, you know, Rambo. So big girl. Yeah. Yeah. So,
um, very, very sad that, um, we're having all these losses, um, whether it be COVID or otherwise,
I know, especially with those people going out to the beach or gathering in groups,
protesting the thing that's keeping us safe. And my mom just told me that they lifted the work
restrictions in Alabama. Oh, wow. She's going back to work full time. Well, full time for her.
So yeah, I'm pissed and people are stupid, but it's, I'm trying not to get political,
but America is broken. America is broken. There's going to be a very hard lesson learned and it's
going to, it's going to be really, really unfortunate. So it's going to, the, the lesson
will be learned in blood and a story. All right. Well, let's move on to, um, something a little
less serious. Hopefully low key. I don't know. We're talking about Nintendo switch updates,
so, you know, that could be a pretty serious stuff. Yeah. It's some serious stuff. No,
in this case, they're talking a little bit about, um, allowing you to actually be able to remap
your buttons on your Nintendo switch. So that's kind of cool because it's not something that
has been available. And I know that's something that was added to, like, I know the PlayStation,
not to, well, it was probably a while ago, but it's still pretty nice that they have that feature
available. So you can swap different things like A and B buttons, or, you know, change the
orientation of the analog stick, um, you know, whatever, whatever you want to do,
uh, which is pretty cool. So, um, pretty neat that they have that available, that you could
make those changes. So that was, um, that was pretty awesome. Uh, I have not planned on using
this at all though, unfortunately, cause I haven't got to touch my switch in a long time.
It just hog that thing for Minecraft. Your switch needs some touch.
Well, it's, it misses proper affection. Yeah. I mean, um, I, I probably won't use this feature,
but I understand as far as accessibility reasons go, this is a very like easy fix for, um,
consoles to make, to help more people be able to play games on said consoles. So, um, I'm all for
it for that reason. You know, anything that opens up gaming or people is a good thing. So, um, yay
to have those features in, even if it won't be something I use myself, maybe I'll use those new
animal crossing pictures. They put it, cause I think now your little icon, uh, on animal or on
the switch can be like six animal crossing characters, but yeah. Hmm. Do they have Ed?
No, I don't think they have Ed, but they might have her SETI, but don't quote me on that. I'd
have to, uh, I have to look. So, all right. Anyway. Um, all right. Well, let's move on and
talk a little bit about, uh, a game that I think is getting a lot of attention over on Twitch and
a lot of other places. And that is a game called Valorient, uh, which is a new Riot game, right?
Of course, it's the makers of league of legends, which has been hugely popular on Twitch and other,
um, you know, competition type things, e-sports websites and stuff. Um, so many people have been
looking forward to, you know, what are some of the other things that Riot is going to develop
and one of those games that Riot's been working on, there's been others, uh, is Valorient, which
is, or is it Valorant? I thought there, is there an I in it or not? I'm not sure. Is it Valorant?
Maybe. Um, maybe somebody in chat's going to yell at me that I'm pronouncing it wrong. Yeah. I,
I don't know why, but I had an I inserted in it. Okay. So Valorants, excuse me. Sorry. I got it
wrong. Um, but, uh, for that game, I don't know. You have to apparently have a key to get in. So
it's not something I'm even playing right now anyway. So how would I, how could I be expected
to know the title? Uh, but Valorant, uh, is a new first person shooter game from, uh, Riot.
And, uh, it's causing a little bit of controversy though, because there is an anti-cheat system
that's being installed with the game. Now, not the anti-cheat systems are necessarily
controversial by nature, but this one called Riot Vanguard is apparently pretty aggressive because
it actually starts up when you start your computer up. It is not something that starts
when the game starts, such as say Fortnite's anti-cheat system launches when you launch the
game. But, you know, some folks, you know, that are kind of defending what Riot is doing with
this are saying, Hey, a lot of the ways people get around the Fortnite anti-cheat is that they
start those anti-cheats before they start, uh, Fortnite. So that way it kind of bypasses the
anti-cheat system. This being a little deeper in your computer boot up sequence, um, is a little
harder to subvert in those ways. Um, but of course, you know, people that want to really
control the type of information that's going in and out of their computer, not everybody's super
into that. Uh, in fact, on Reddit, some people are saying you have a piece of software that can't be
turned off. It runs with elevated privileges nonstop on your system. Let's say the anti-cheat
gets compromised tomorrow. You won't know that your computer is exposed and it won't update
until you start the game. Now, uh, one of the, uh, leads on the anti-cheat Paul Chamberlain
responded on subreddit to some of these, uh, uh, issues, um, saying, um, that basically, uh,
Vanguard is functioning the way it's supposed to. The anti-cheat driver itself is only one
small component of Vanguard. We've also built a new backend that allows us to be more specific
with our anti-cheat checks. Instead of running the same security stigands on all the computers,
we can run checks and response to player reports or other suspicious behavior,
which allow us to reduce the frequency and intensity of scans on the majority of players
computers. And it kind of, it kind of ends in this whole, like, you just have to trust us type of
thing. Um, we invite players who are unsure to observe our actions and call us out. If they don't
like what they see, we think most players will appreciate our efforts, but if they don't, then
we'll change tactics and find another way to meet our players' expectations. Hmm. So, um, and Quest
Buster, uh, giving the secret on how to get into this game saying you have a chance to get a beta
key drop by watching a Valorant stream with a Twitch account linked to Riot. It's one reason
why Valorant streamers have titles emphasizing drops enabled. So people want you to come look
at their stream so that you have a chance to get into the game for yourself. So, um, but obviously
this anti-cheat thing being on all the time, it's something some folks may want to consider.
Something to go with that though, and I think this is important to say as well, um, Riot is offering
up to $100,000 if you can find a security flaw in Vanguard. Uh, it is a contest, I guess you could
say, being hosted at HackerOne. And, uh, that is a site where there's all sorts of tech companies
offering bounties for finding issues with their, um, uh, software and so forth. Um,
this starts at $25,000 for a bug that allows outside entities to access a user's private
information all the way to $100,000 for code execution at the kernel level. Basically meaning
that somebody kind of like, I guess like an alien in the movie kind of face hugs on to this software
to do very bad things to your computer because it's something that boots up when your computer
boots up. So, um, I suppose that's one way to, uh, make a point about this software and make
some money off of it if you want. So, let's see, um, TigerKlonchat says, I wonder if it's
something you can go into the task manager and disable in the startup. I don't know,
because I haven't used it myself, but Bobby does make a good point. If it was, people wouldn't be
complaining. So yeah, I think, I think if it was easy enough to kill it like that, people probably
wouldn't be complaining. Um, so, you know, something to think about when you're going to
install the game, this isn't going to stop everybody from installing the game, you know,
and, and riot to give them some credit. They are saying, if you think there's a problem with it,
call us out, watch it, see what it does for yourself. And if you think it's doing anything,
it shouldn't be call us on it. So it is interesting. They're kind of taking that stance
where it's like, no, really, we're not taking any personal information. We're not doing anything
like watch, you know, so it's, I'm less interested in what it's potentially going to do to my system
in one more interest in if it's actually going to still work, because it seems like whenever
these anti-cheat things are put in place, it just prompts people to try to find something that's
subverted. So I guess we'll have to wait and see. So it'd be interesting. It'll be interesting to
see if somebody wants to do it for the $100,000 bounty or wants to do it just so they can do it.
We'll see what happens. The internet's an interesting place sometimes.
Why can't we have both?
And we probably will. But in the meantime, we'll go to our next story, Darsakra.
Well, how about something happy, something positive? Well, I mean, it's not really happy.
But it's, I guess, positive. Because remember, positive things aren't always happy things.
So there is a gamer who played Final Fantasy XIV. Rob, this is relevant to your interests,
I'm sure. Yes, of course.
But in-game, he was known as Fern LeRoy, L-E apostrophe R-O-Y. And he was very, very popular,
well-liked by his free company and lots of people. And he died of the novel coronavirus.
And it went out on Reddit about it. They started talking about it. And they had a funeral
procession. So on his server, which is the Zalera server, they started off in Uldah,
in the desert. And they were joined by characters from another server, Core, where his alt was on,
named Poppy Rose. And the whole group wore black. They had black parasols. They wore very funeral
appropriate clothing. And they walked all the way through the central shroud and ended up at
the Guardian Tree. I mean, sacred site in the game. It took 30 minutes of in-game time to make
the walk. Because they were walking and not running. Many people run by default, but these
folks walked. Yeah, it was a very slow procession. As I recall, there's videos of it. There were live
tweets of it, all of that. And they finally ended with some words and, I guess, a virtual funeral.
So as it went, they all went on to Twitter, talked about what the people did. And one of the quotes
on there is, the Final Fantasy XIV community never ceases to amaze me. Such a huge turnout and show
respect to community and camaraderie at this memorial service. My view distance couldn't
handle so many people. May the fallen player rest in peace. My condolences to all involved. Be safe,
everyone. And I mean, basically, another person said that it took up two to three zones of the
base game. So pretty big. And so many people offering their condolences. It was just really,
really beautiful. And not the first time we've seen other players honor somebody in a game.
For sure. But this is a very big one to do it in a big MMO and cross server. So, hey.
Well, and I think also, yes, you're right. We've heard of this type of memorial before. It's not
the first time it's even happened in Final Fantasy XIV. And I'm sure many people have seen this sort
of similar memorial in EverQuest or World of Warcraft or insert many other major MMOs here.
But I also think the reason why this is kind of newsworthy all over again, and why this particular
story is getting the credit it is, is because for many people, you can't really memorialize in
person right now. That's what makes everything that's going on almost even more tragic is that
those that pass really can't be properly, and I'm using my quoting fingers, memorialized because
people can't gather in one place. So this is one way that people are getting around that of sorts
by doing a virtual type of memorial. And I almost wonder if this isn't the type of thing you might
see more of in these. I mean, not that I would wish that, but I think it might just be one of
those, because of that issue we have, you might see this happen more often. And even in things
like Animal Crossing, not even things like funerals, but like weddings, drag shows, I mean,
you name it, things that people gather to do in person, they're doing an Animal Crossing, and MMOs
and stuff, I'm sure. So it's an interesting sign of the times, even if this isn't the first time
we've heard a story like that. There was one instance in Animal Crossing where the person made
an 18 tile image of her mother who had just died and they couldn't hold a funeral.
That's really sad. Yeah. And so she spent time taking an actual photo, bringing it into the
pattern maker and trying to get it all just right to have a picture, a memorial to her mother. And
it was like, it took her two weeks to do it and then have a funeral in game.
And not to go on the sad point of this, but unhappy things, like I said, I was using this
for my birthday, to have a little birthday party today. So people are also using the games for
happier occasions. For sure. Not everything is a Zoom meeting, although certainly that's getting
used a lot too. So, all right. Well, let's move on. Just a couple more stories before we get to
the classic game of the week. Loki. Let's talk about more things that are closed. So unfortunately,
with E3 and everything being canceled, we were kind of hoping that maybe Gamescom might be the
answer to getting some of our gaming news. Fortunately, because of a ruling in Germany
that has basically banned any large gatherings until the end of August, Gamescom is also going
to be canceled. So what's good though is they are refunding all the tickets that were already
ordered, but unfortunately they're not going to have a live event. Now they're planning on maybe
doing a digital event. So they're working on that, but there's not really any details on that just
yet. So hopefully we'll have something digital from them coming around the same time. That,
as well as we also news that San Diego Comic-Con has also been canceled. San Diego Comic-Con,
of course, mostly a comic convention as well as like moving properties like that,
but they do have some gaming announcements and gaming stuff sometimes coming out of that as well.
So unfortunately this year they're not going to be doing that either. Yeah. I think like when
Marvel versus Capcom 3 or Infinite or whatever it was called was coming out, like they announced
a lot of stuff at Comic-Con. So sometimes you get some kind of gaming tangents, we'll say.
Yeah. So that's unfortunate that they're not going to be doing that, but they did announce
that they'll be returning next year, July 22nd through the 25th. So that's unfortunate,
lots of stuff that we're looking forward to. Hopefully we'll get those announcements anyways.
And besides, you know, I can't go to Comic-Con, so I got to wait for all those trailers to hit
online anyways. So whatever. Yeah. I mean, it honestly, at this point just seems like if it's
a convention in 2020, it's probably not going to happen. So, you know, and that obviously makes me
sad and I still I'm crossing my fingers and my toes that maybe a miracle happens. Maybe anything
is possible after all, especially the whole world working on it, but I'm slowly accepting that
reality as sad as it is. So it'll just make that next year. And once we get on the other side of
this, it'll make it all that much sweeter, I suppose. So, all right. Well, maybe some good
news about what's going on with the ESRB is that finally, after all this time, and it feels like
really one of those things where it's like, finally, they did this. The ESRB is now adding
to their ratings if a game has loot boxes, except they're not calling it that, they're calling it
in-game purchases. So if the game has microtransactions, it will have a little
addition to the label underneath. It doesn't affect the letter rating and that can still be,
you know, E for everyone or, you know, excuse me, the typical ratings that the video games use.
But, you know, it always says why, like, why did this game get an M? It's not just in-game
purchases because that's been a thing that's already been happening, but now they're including
if it includes random items. I'm sorry. Yes, thank you. I would have gotten there eventually. Yes,
it includes random items is the other key word there with the in-game purchases. And that means,
because they're not saying loot boxes, because I guess that's not really a term they expect
everybody to know. They did explain it on their website why they didn't use loot boxes, but,
you know, whatever. They're still kind of making it clear that that is the reason why they're
putting it on the rating. And so it will be assigned to all games that include purchases
with any randomized elements, including loot boxes, gotcha games, item or card packs. So
that would affect things like Magic the Gathering online and stuff too. Prize wheel or what's
blizzards? Hearthstone, things like that. Prize wheels, treasure chests, and more. Games that have
the in-game purchases includes random items. Notice may also include other non-randomized
paid elements. And I'm thinking that might be something like Overwatch that, you know,
it kind of has a little bit of both. So not, well, not very often, but I have seen them sell skins
for charity. So that would count. So anyway, there it is. That is what they're doing.
What do you guys think? It's about time, right? It's one of those things where it's like, oh,
now that it's happened, there's so much other crap going on in the world. It's like, oh,
you finally caught up. Great. Have a cookie. It's not hardly even catching up. It's just like,
they're just kind of checking off that box. Like, see, we're doing something. We care.
But really they don't. I mean, I just, I don't think anybody,
they're never going to do anything because unfortunately the ESA, well, this isn't
necessarily ESA, but I don't know. A lot of lobbying done by the ESA because for these
publishers, this is a very big revenue source for them. So of course they're not going to want to
get rid of this stuff. And so they're just basically saying, you know, kind of checking
the boxes so that when this controversy comes up, oh, it's gambling. But we tell you that it's in
the game. We have the ratings. It shows it on here. See, we're not trying to trick you,
you know, that type of stuff. So it'll be interesting to see that also includes like,
you know, some of these games that add it after the fact, because I know that a lot of times the
boxes will be printed with these certain ratings. And then like, for example, the crash team racing
stuff had loot boxes added after the game came out and after it's been reviewed. And I'm thinking
that a lot of times when these ratings are updated, they don't necessarily update them
to the printed box copies, but they will update the ratings on the ESRB website. Like anybody
even goes there to look at anything. So I don't know. I just, good job. At least you tried.
All right. ESRB, this claps for you. Here we go. One clap instead of a round of applause. You get one
clap. All right. Let's move on. Let's move on to simpler times when there was no, there were no
random items purchasable for money. You got what you got with your cartridge and you were happy
with it. It's a classic game of the week. Dark soccer is going to step into the gaming vault
and find a game that she thinks, Hey, Hey, you play this, not that, uh, dark Sakura,
what is your pick for the classic game of the week? I picked F zero, which is another thing
I'm surprised I've never picked before. Me too. This is, this is one of my big classics. I love
this game. Yeah. I love me some F zero and I might've sat and jammed out to the mute city,
you know, uh, level, cause honestly it's my favorite music in the game.
Um, so yeah, um, F zero is, uh, one of those, uh, early racing game. Well, not really early
for the super Nintendo, but it was, uh, I'd say one of those notable games. It was the first,
of course of the F zero series. It was a launch title for the SNES. So yes, it was early for,
for the super Nintendo. Um, it has been emulated on a virtual console services. Um,
and I'll, I'll get into, of course, other releases of it, but the game is taking place in 2560
where, um, you, uh, race formula one races, uh, called F zero. Um, and basically it's just bored
rich people who made up these kinds of races. And so you have, uh, you know, all of your,
you know, various characters who race and you've got, you know, power ups here and there are very
futuristic, really good music, some floating areas. Um, um, but the races and F zero, uh,
are five laps around a track. You have to complete each lap in a successfully higher place so that
you're not disqualified as you're going through. So, um, you are also given a four second speed
boost when you pass, um, a lap called the super jet and you get points determined by what place
you're on. Um, and you can even, uh, get an extra machine so that you can, uh, retry the course.
Um, if you, if you've got a certain points and you haven't made it through. So, um, you've got
two different methods of boosting your speed. You have these plates that will launch you into the
air with, um, extra acceleration. Um, and then, um, you, uh, also have, uh, uh, just the, the
general, uh, dash zones that, uh, increase your speed on the ground. Um, you have two modes of
play of grand prix mode where you choose a league and you race against other vehicles in there,
and then practice mode where you just basically play, play along, play along. Um, your, your
15 tracks divided into three leagues. So you have a knight queen and king. Those are the difficulty
levels. Um, and each league has up to four selectable levels in there. You have beginner
standard expert master. Um, you've got multiple courses for death, wind, port town and red canyon.
Um, they have a pathway that's not accessible, um, until you're on another iteration of that,
of that track. And then it closes the previous pack. So it kind of moves things around here.
Um, as far as, um, the development in this game, it, um, in Japan, it was a launch title,
November 1st, 1990. Um, it came out in the U S August, 1991 in Europe, uh, sometime in 1992.
And in the Japanese market, it was only that in super Mario world that came out.
Um, in North America, of course, we had zero pilot wings, uh, SimCity, Gradius three, and,
uh, and super Mario world. But, um, the game was produced by Miyamoto. Um, uh, artwork was done by,
uh, Shimizu Kazunobu. Um, one of the, uh, art designers, um, was, uh, basically, uh, and his
name, sorry, Imamura Takaya, um, got some pretty free reign for doing some of the design for the
characters and the courses. Um, so they really kind of went all out. And one of the good things
about this game is that this is really, I think one of the games that gave us a clear introduction
to mode seven. Um, yeah, that's like the cute. Yeah, go ahead. So mode seven for, for, for y'all
kids, you don't know what the mode seven is. Um, it is a way of raster scaling. So basically,
I'm sure you've heard the word vector. I'm sure you've heard raster, um, vector uses mathematical
calculations. So that's why, say in a vector designed game or vector art, no matter how much
you resize it, it stays the same because it's all mathematically recalculating itself. Raster
is going to be basically pixel. So yeah, you did get like zoomed in pixels on everything. I mean,
think of, uh, uh, what am I trying to think of that had a really bad zoom in? Um, but at any rate,
you, you had, you know, but it would move and scale and it gave you this, uh, pseudo 3d. Um,
and, uh, it really was mind blowing at the time. I mean, we had racing games before,
but this was the big one. Yeah. Like, you know, and again, I know, uh, we have, you know, a lot
of folks in their twenties and low thirties who may not have really been around or were very,
very, very young when this game first came out. But like, you know, many of us that are hosting
the show were like, you know, like 12 and 13 and so forth when this game first came out.
And I got to tell you, it was mind blowing. Like it, like the 3d in this game, the fact it was
like all in a cartridge and just like how it moved so fast. And I don't know if that was part
of the intentional design of why they did the game the way that they did, but in a stage like
mute city, it's going by so fast. It looks like it's a real city down there, even though if you,
even though if you take a look, cause it really it's, it's just like a painted sprite. It's like
something you could have done a Mario paint, really a 2d Mario paint that they do this mode
seven effect on and then layer the, um, sprite of the car on top of it. It's, it's really brilliant.
But when it goes that fast, it looks like a city. But when you look at it kind of standing still,
you can see it's kind of garbage, but it doesn't matter. That's something that, that designers do.
I mean, like for example, if you have a billboard, you know, your print in a book,
resolution should be 300 DPI, 300 dots per inch. When you're doing, say something on a billboard,
it's going to be half that, you know, it's going to be higher than web quality, for example. But
when you're looking at it from that distance, moving that fast, it doesn't need to be 300 DPI.
And that's what they're going with. It's, it's an illusion. It's a, uh, chunk dull, you know,
the, the trick, the eye. Yeah. And it's, and I don't know if you were going to bring it up,
so I'm sorry if I'm talking ahead of you, but, um, you know, Mario Kart obviously was a huge,
you know, in some ways successor to this, but Mario Kart essentially uses all the same tricks
of F-Zero. It's all the same tricks. The only, in many ways, Super Mario Kart is F-Zero too.
And I know that sounds a little weird, but without F-Zero, you would not have Mario Kart.
It's really, it's really that simple. No, I, I get that. I absolutely get that.
Um, and you know, there is really
so much, you know, that people, I think, take for granted about, um, about this game and what it
really is offered, you know, and we've had many other ones, which I'll be touching on, uh, later
and, you know, they've been certainly popular and well talked about on this show. So, um, you know,
looking at this, it really is, I think what modernized the racing game for the home console.
Make sense? Yes. And a few other things with that mode seven is that it also allowed for
different texture mapping, you know, and I'm not going to get in way too much into a little bit
more of that. We talked about what it does in practice as opposed to what it does on the back
end. So I'm going to get into a little bit more of the periphery about it and how it was received
when we had come on since then. So did you know there was an F-Zero jazz album? I did. Somebody
got me a copy of that way back in the day. I did. The songs translate well to jazz. In fact, um,
in Mario Kart 8, because they bring back, I think those like, they're kind of jazzy covers. They're
not the same jazzy covers, but they're, they're also jazz inspired, uh, versions of the tracks in
Mario Kart when they do the F-Zero levels. Well, and the other one of the other things too, is that,
um, the, uh, great. I lost my train of thought. Um, the album actually did bring in some, some
notable musicians. I mean, basically maybe, maybe if you weren't super big into jazz might not know
them, but we had, uh, uh, uh, for playing on saxophone, Mark Russo of the yellow jackets,
Robin Ford on electric guitar, um, you had for your, uh, 12 tracks on, uh, from the game were
composed by, uh, Kanki Umiko and Ishida Naoto with arrangements by Robert Hill and Michiko Hill.
Um, so it actually, I think it's a really good album. It's a kind of a, kind of a chill fun thing
to listen to, you know. Um, but the game itself was very well received. Um, and basically they,
they thought it was some of the most fluid pseudo 3d of its time. Um, it got, I mean, just, you know,
I'll put it this way, Famitsu gave it a 37 out of 40. That's pretty good for Famitsu. Yeah. Yeah.
IGN gave it a 7.5 out of 10, which I don't know why, because it was better than that. Um, it had
variety of tracks. Um, it had really, uh, I'm trying to think of a good way. Well, actually,
GameSpy, uh, one of the writers said that it was a finesse racer. Um, it took practice and
memorization and a fine, uh, sense of control. So I think that it really did bring more excitement to
a genre that maybe had started to fall a little bit. Um, and as far as, uh, its, uh, legacy,
it did invent that futuristic racing genre. Would we have had Wipeout without that? Um, would we
have had, um, any of these other kind of high-tech future racing games? Um, Daytona, um, USA even was
inspired by F-Zero. Um, and, uh, in fact, even, uh, the president of, uh, amusement's vision,
uh, Nagoshi Toshihiro stated that, um, F-Zero taught him what a game should be and influenced
him to create Daytona USA. So, and then it's also amusement vision that did work with Nintendo,
um, to create F-Zero GX and AX. And Nagoshi was one of the, uh, co-producers of the game. So,
like I said, there were sequels. Um, of course, they had developed a sequel of F-Zero on this
nest. Um, but, uh, it was supposed to be for the Satellaview, um, subscription, uh, using that add
on. Um, and in fact, you could get F-Zero from one of the download kiosks, um, in Japan. It was,
oh crap, what was it called? Um, the, uh, I know what it was called. It was, um, I'm forgetting
what it was called. It was like a download kiosk that gave you, um, one of, you know, it kind of
was like how the, um, the Famicom disc works. Yeah, I was gonna say, I've read about those,
especially for the Famicom disc system. Nintendo Power. It was called the Nintendo Power. Oh,
how funny. Maybe that's where the magazine got its name, but yeah, we didn't have anything like
that in the US, obviously. That was very much a Japanese only type of thing, but that's, you know,
a big reason why Famicom had a disc system. Yeah. Yeah. And the Satellaview too, obviously,
would never hear either. Um, but at any rate, um, you, uh, if you had the, uh, Saint Giga
subscription for Satellaview, um, on the Super Famicom, you could, you could get that kind of
add on version and then you could download those titles and save it on the flash ROM cartridge.
Um, the sequel was released as the name of BS F-Zero Grand Prix, cause you know,
they're all the BS Satellaview and BS F-Zero Grand Prix too. Um, you can get lots of them
to say it now in the words, but, um, the F-Zero, uh, Grand Prix had a new track along with the
original 15 and four different playable vehicles. And according to Nintendo Power, um, they wanted
to bring it to North America via a game pack. Um, but it didn't. Um, so as far as other ones we had
on the Nintendo 64 F-Zero X, where, um, they continued to, um, you know, to, to try to push
what that system could do. Um, and there was a lot of pushing to be done. Let me tell you, um,
they also brought the mode seven graphic effects into the Game Boy advanced version for
maximum velocity and GP legend, um, which, uh, the former was released in 2001. Um,
and it was considered to be a hard over overhaul of F-Zero. Um, there was also F-Zero GX and AX,
which were, um, uh, uh, respectively released for the Nintendo GameCube and Triforce arcade
system boards in 2003. And it was the first, uh, big video game collaboration between Nintendo and
Sega. And I really, we, we, we here at orange on radio cannot understate how good those games were
and how fabulous that whole like arcade connection was. It was just, it was amazing. Unmatched since
then. And GX was the first of zero game that had a story mode. Um, AX was also, um, uh, called,
uh, little GameStop said that, you know, GameStop GameSpot said they're the first to get a proper
arcade release. So, um, and then of course the most recent one is F-Zero climax that came out
for a Game Boy advanced in 2004 and the first, uh, F-Zero game to have a built-in, uh, track
editor without needing an expansion or add-on. I was going to say, uh, GX actually has, well,
it's hidden in the code, but actually has the AX like interface in tracks and everything in there.
I know you can unlock some tracks when you link it with the arcade, but they actually had the
AX mode in there that they never enabled. Yeah. I remember that. But at any rate, I mean,
there we go. It's such a prime game and I'm sorry, I had never even done this on, uh, uh,
for the classic game of the week because I really, really believe that we are due for a new F-Zero.
We are over due for a new F-Zero. It's been 16 years, Nintendo. I'm just, I am sad that Mario
Kart has just taken over Nintendo, which I, and don't get me wrong, I love Mario Kart. So it's
not like I'm like really mad about it. I think, I think Mario Kart has just taken over Nintendo's
racing thing because I think at the end of the day, Mario Kart sold better. You put Mario in it
and it sells better. And you know, that's, that's on us for not supporting F-Zero. Well, I mean,
you, me and Matt have always supported F-Zero, but, uh, you know, it's on the general gaming
populace for not supporting it the same way that they support Mario. I wish they would do more DLC
maybe 16 years. There's a good portion of the populace that wasn't alive. I know, I know,
I know. No, you're right. You're right. But, um, yeah, it is funny because some folks in
chatter, like I swear you've done F-Zero this game of the week before, but like, I know,
I think that's just because I looked on the Wiki. No, I don't think I know, but it's, it's one of
those. I think it's because we talk so much about, and maybe we've done F-Zero AX and GX. We probably
did those games in some way, but, um, maybe it's because we talk so much about how much we love
F-Zero and that these games need to come back that it seems like we've done it as a classic
game of the week. So anyway, um, orange right says, isn't F-Zero on the super Nintendo switch
online? Yes, it is. And it's on the classic, uh, super Nintendo mini. So, uh, many ways to still
officially revisit this game legally without having to download a ROM. So, um, yeah, get on it,
kids check out, uh, F-Zero and, uh, think about how you wouldn't have Mario Kart without it.
So we talked a lot, we let the video loop twice on that. We talked about that. What are you doing
with your life? Seriously? Get with game. Uh, honestly though, like, even if you can't like
super get into the original, because the original does feel a little plain now, uh, you know,
cause like there's only like one type of car you're ever passing us over, like try somehow
to play F-Zero GX. And I really wish Nintendo would bring that back somehow, even if they just
bring back F-Zero GX, like I would so support that coming out on, on switch.
I also want to point out to Bobby who says, you know what they need to do. They need to
make a spinoff game. That's based on the smash brothers character, captain Falcon
whale. There was an anime called F-Zero GP legend that, um, talked, uh, had quite a bit of, um,
of captain Falcon in it. He is actually one of the main protagonists in it. Um,
uh, he is, uh, named Bart otherwise, but yeah, it's, uh, basically, uh, had this whole plot
around, uh, captain Falcon. And yeah, he was the main protagonist in the GX story mode.
All right. Well, let's, uh, yeah. And the other interesting thing about GX is that they had
a record. I was saying something about it because not everyone knows that they have like,
like something like 32 characters in F-Zero GX. So there's a ton of characters,
every single one of them has a theme song. And like, unless you go into the character
information screen, you'll never hear it. It's so interesting to me how like, there's so many
characters and so many theme songs and you probably missed them in F-Zero. It's just
interesting. So audio blink. Yeah, for sure. And I was going to say, and if for those fans of DDR,
a couple of the characters had clips, uh, from, um, it's not, well, it's not clips,
but it, it, it samples the same samples as legend of max. Really? Yes. I, I, I back in the day when
I did these, like some, I did a lot of the Loki remix things. Those are good. Some of the lamer
low key remixes were like, uh, with one of those songs and yeah, it has, has the fly and stuff
like that in there. I wonder if I need to play those on Twitch some night. I wonder if I could
get away with playing those on Twitch. It would depend which ones, probably the, the ones rooted
in Bamani are probably fine, but maybe some of your, like the ones from the matrix soundtrack,
I probably couldn't do those, but, uh, yeah, we'll have to play some of those some night.
All right. Anyway. Uh, thank you. It was a good classic of the week. Really good. Um,
well, I mean, they're all good, but that one was particularly good. Extra good. Extra good. All
right. Uh, anyway, let's move on. Uh, rapid fire news. Uh, we got still a lot of news to cover.
Let's get to it. Loki. All right. So let's talk a little bit about, uh, Terraria. So that's a game
that we haven't brought up in a long time, but Hey, they're doing their final update on May 16th
on PC. So the game's been out since 2011 and their final update called a title or is it journeys end
is going to be coming out on all of the, I at least on PC at first. And then I assume
the other platforms as well. Uh, it's going to add a bunch of new items, characters, and
mini biomes. So look forward to that. I think that's something that's in my library that
haven't played ever. So maybe I'll have to check it out and then, well, just when you thought your
PC can run everything, they have to go and remaster crisis. So that's going to be coming
out as well on PC PlayStation four, Xbox one and the switch. So if you got that brand new switch
and you really want to turn it into a melted piece of rubble, then run some crisis remastered
on that. And that should be coming out. Uh, let's see, I don't know if they have a date on that yet,
but later this year. And, um, so what are we going to get with the remastered? Uh,
it's going to actually have HD texture packs. I, uh, enhance campaign, improved art assets,
temporal anti-aliasing, um, a lot of other fun stuff. And I assume that you have obviously
switched probably running a little less of that, but, um, maybe even some retracing and stuff. So
pretty awesome. Uh, we'll have to, uh, check it out. And fun fact, uh, the game was set in 2020.
So yeah. How topical. All right. Well, moving on a little bit of a follow-up something we talked
about last week and the fact that the, uh, Japanese Nintendo switch shipments were on hold
because some of the, um, COVID related, uh, lockdowns and et cetera that are going on
overseas, uh, a follow-up this week indicates that Nintendo will, uh, begin to resume shipping
of Nintendo switch units later this week, which probably by the time now that I'm reading this
already occurred, uh, they did halt the distribution of the console because of COVID-19
related issues. Um, but because of global demand, they are continuing shipments. Um,
so there you go, uh, that, that is continuing. So hopefully those get to be a little bit easier to
find, but I also hope they are being done safely. I don't have a lot of details as to
how they made that happen again, but hopefully it is safe. I don't know. Uh, also, uh, a quick
update, awesome games done quick, uh, is going on. Well, it's not the awesome games done quick. It
is actually, uh, Corona games done quick, I believe is the name of it. Um, Corona relief.
Thank you. Corona relief done quick is going on right now. Uh, and they're actually wrapping up.
I think they're on the last run they're on the, or did they finish? I think they might be completely
done now. It might be. Yeah. I think I was anticipating we'd be at this story by seven 30,
but they, uh, they're done now. It's eight o'clock. So they finished their last speed run.
They are done. I didn't get the final fundraising number. I was going to go to the website to get
the final fundraising number. Does anybody know how much they raised? It was that like
200,000 or something when I checked earlier today, maybe somebody in our chat knows,
but they, for being, um, all virtual and not being in a hotel and only being a weekend,
not a week. Uh, they did a pretty darn good job. Uh, so I was going to get people an update on
that, but unfortunately, since we got to it a little late, uh, they're done, it's over.
So I don't know what the, thank you orange. Right. For just over $400,000, $400,529 and 60 cents.
Thank you. Orange. Right. Uh, that's how much they ended up raising. So that's really good.
Uh, again, considering that most of them go for a week and this one was just a weekend.
Um, that's really good. Cool. Cool. All right. And they had an exhibition with a pump it up too.
So that was pretty awesome. Oh, did they, I missed that. I saw a little earlier today when
something like that I think was the username, but, um, they did like,
uh, a live stream of some guy playing pump it up in his room or I assume in his house.
That's awesome. All right. Uh, dark Sakura.
Well, in, uh, other news, you know how we every so often bring in some like,
like, I'm not going to say legit, but just like the financial, you know, stuff, right.
You know, Bloomberg has touched on, um, on animal crossing and actually has named the game,
the biggest hit of the lockdown. Um, and one of their, uh, research analysts that they work with,
um, was saying, uh, that they have, and I'm going to read the quote. I have never seen so many
people sharing so many screenshots of a single game on social networking sites. Um, and, uh,
they're actually saying that Nintendo was likely to surpass its fiscal year sales numbers, um,
which are going to be out on May 7th. Um, that basically, you know, we were talking last week
about this being like the prime time to release this game. Right. I mean, not that it was done
that way on purpose or that we would ever wish this, but it's just the way the cards,
it was a silver lining. It was a blessing in disguise. And in this case, it looks like it's
going to be an even bigger financial blessing for Nintendo, but, you know, again, on the personal
side, it's been a blessing for the players. Absolutely. So it's brought people together
in a way that they couldn't. And as you say, it's, it's more the mainstream financial press
that's picking this up now. Like it's not just, we're saying, Oh, some blog is say this is,
you know, what investors Bloomberg has, what investors look at. And on top of that,
isn't Bloomberg, um, more conservative leaning as well. So to hear positive things from,
you know, from Bloomberg about video games, their owner ran for the democratic nomination. So hard
to say. Yeah. I might be thinking of Forbes. Yeah. And Forbes also runs a lot of clickbait.
So I don't like if they run the article, I don't know. And they, yes, they're because, uh, that
guy ran for Republican governor once, but it doesn't matter. Uh, the reality is Forbes has
a lot of clickbait trash on their site. Sorry. Not sorry, but that's what it is. And, um, you know,
this is a little more of the mainstream press. Exactly. Okay. Neat. What else?
Yeah. Um, well, and also, um, I don't, I really don't know anyone who is still playing this. Um,
so I guess this is actually maybe not be a big deal, but I know a lot of people still
love to Pokemon rumble rush. Um, they are shutting it down on, uh, July 2nd, 2020. Um,
that's, uh, been confirmed by, um, uh, Saturday who, um, I believe is hold on just a second.
Yes. Uh, said it'd be.net, um, who basically follows a Pokemon news has, uh, got confirmation
on it that, um, buying, uh, the purchase of Poke diamonds in the game. Um, it has been disabled.
The unused diamonds in the game will be refunded when the game shuts down. So that's at 1 59 AM UTC
on July 2nd, 2020. That means that the game was only on the market for just over a year.
And I must admit, I forgot that rumble rush was even a thing. So I probably did not help
this situation, but, uh, sorry to those that are fans of the game. Um, but it was,
it was probably like, uh, when it comes to Pokemon and the mobile devices, I mean,
Pokemon go is really, you know, the royalty thing it's, it's, it's going to be hard to compete. Any
other Pokemon game kind of has to compete against itself. You know, I realized they're very
different in how they play, but you know, there's still Pokemon, right? Yeah. And well, I mean,
we know what the shit is, right? Yeah. So, all right. Well, this is the part of the show where
we travel around the world and check out release dates. Um, I mean, cause we always have, but I
know it's probably a little smaller just because of what's going on in the world, but I will ask
anyway. Uh, Loki, do we have any U S releases this week? Uh, yeah, we have a few things. So,
uh, starting off, we've got Azure Striker gun volt Striker pack coming out on PlayStation four.
We've got, um, Boku Jaime project. That's going to be on Nintendo switch and PlayStation four,
Moto GP 20 on PC, Nintendo switch PlayStation four X-Box one and Stadia, uh, Picross S4 on
Nintendo switch. We have Naruto Shippuden ultimate Ninja storm four road to burrito.
Uh, it looks like predator hunting grounds on PC and PlayStation four, uh, trials of Mana on
PC and it's in the switch and PlayStation four. And last but not least, uh, X-Com chimera squad
on PC. All right. Well, traveling over to Japan, boy, it was really slow in Japan last week,
but this week is making up for it. There's a lot of new releases. Now, uh, things are picking up
again again, though. I don't know how the current situation may affect some of these releases,
but the information we have as of today are that these games are coming out in Japan this week on
April 23rd on the Nintendo switch, uh, Naruto Shippuden ultimate Ninja storm four is coming
out this week, uh, as well as super real mahjong love two through seven. That's clearly a mahjong
collection of sorts is out this week. Little busters converted edition is out this week.
Uh, that Boku Jaime project that Loki mentioned for the U S is also out in Japan this week.
Celeste gets a physical release, uh, in Japan this week, uh, little town hero as well. And
enter the Gungeon gets a Japanese release as well as Metro redo. Uh, all of this on the switch,
Moto GP 20. And this game sounds awesome. B simulator is out on the switch this week.
Is this a game that's been out over here for a while? Yeah. Oh, I got a, is it, is it good?
It looks really pretty for the, and it's kind of, it looks neat. I I've actually browsed it at the
store several times. So like, should I pick this up? But I need to look into this. Well,
I'm going to, I'm going to read the description, see the world through the eyes of a bee compete
with other bees in race. That would be kind of like, unfortunately it isn't actually showing
you what a bee would see, uh, compete with other bees in races, collect pollen, perform waggle
dances and explore a world inspired by central park in New York. I had no idea B simulator was
a thing. Oh, the fact that's near central park and it has to do with bees reminds me it's,
I'm getting too many bee movie vibes. Well, that's what that was. Can you, can you narrate bee movie
while you play bee simulator? That's what I want to know. All right. Anyway,
that is all good. Anything's possible. Anything's possible. Anyway, that's all on the Nintendo
switch. I hope, I hope it's not one of the things where it's like, it sounds awesome. And then it's,
it's garbage. It's shovelware. I really, my hopes are high for bee simulator. Let's just put it that
way. Um, and on the PlayStation four this week, also bee simulator, Celeste Boku Hime project,
a lot of the same games, um, Anoatsu line, uh, is out this week as well as zombie army four dead
war, uh, Azure striker gun volt is out this week and, uh, trials of mana, uh, coinciding with the
us and around the world on April 24th on the PlayStation four. And I might've missed that
on the switch, but that should be the same on the switch as well. Yes it is. Well, it's an average
of 6.5 on the, uh, well 65 on Metacritic. So that's too bad. That's too bad. All right.
Uh, let's move on. Uh, dark soccer. How about the UK? So going on in the UK, a whopping three games
we have, um, on 22nd of April, MotoGP 2020 on a PlayStation, Xbox switch and PC. We have deliver
us the moon on, uh, the 23rd of April for PlayStation, Xbox and PC, and then on PlayStation
and switch on the 23rd trials of mana. That's it. All right. Sad trombone expected. It's a little
slow with the releases right now with everything else going on in the world. But, uh, I know even
if it's, even if it's getting a not so great reviews, I know a lot of people are looking
forward to that trials of manna. So there is that. All right. In this part of the show,
we would typically go to our mailbag, participate at orangelandradio.com and read the emails,
but I don't think we have any this week. At least last I checked, we didn't. We have no
none after I cleaned out the leftover face. All right. Participate at orangelandradio.com is the
place to send emails. If you would like to have your opinions or your, your, your thoughts read
on a future week's show. So we'll get back into some more news. So Loki. All right. So, um, we
talked about this a little bit before they, where they had a steam games festival. I want to say
that was back in March or something, um, where it's basically a bunch of demos and whatnot
that are put up by independent developers. So you can check out their games. Yeah. Kind of
replaced GDC. If I remember, it was kind of the, the, yeah. Yeah. So, um, because we are lacking
an E3 this year, they're going to be doing a steam games festival summer edition from
June 9th through the 14th. And they have registrations up now for developers to submit
games for that as well. Um, so it could be, you know, limited time demos, short playable
experiences, uh, allows you to actually, you know, connect with developers and whatnot.
Plus you can wishlist any of the games that you see there. So, uh, that's pretty cool. I didn't
get a chance to check it out last time during GDC. So I'm hoping that this time I can actually play
some of these things, uh, because there were some that were mixed in there for the GDC one that,
um, were actually games I was looking forward to checking out. So we'll have to see.
Yeah. I love the idea of a virtual expo that we can all participate in. If nothing else,
um, I'm sure it'll be primarily a lot of indie titles, but there's a lot of great
indie titles. So why not? It'll be a really good thing. So, uh, and, uh, Jeff Keeley being involved
it's interesting too. So, yeah, we'll see how that goes. All right. Uh, moving on talking about,
uh, you know, earlier I talked about how Japan is making Nintendo switches again,
and it does seem like everywhere Nintendo switch is having a shortage and, uh, bots apparently
are to blame for some of this. This was something that was linked in our discord server, actually.
So thank you guys for sharing the story over at vognetwork.com slash discord, where we do pull
some of our stories from, uh, what you guys want to hear about. Um, so there's actually the story
that vice, uh, was running with. That's talking about how there is a bot out there that was built
for discord, uh, that somebody built, uh, that really it wasn't originally built for the switch
because there's all these other like markets where they try to buy things up and resell them.
Sneakers is what this was really made for. Um, but the switch seemed like a opportune market.
So it was used, uh, for this as well. And of course, uh, in this day and age,
a lot of folks are, uh, looking for Nintendo switches to help
fill time with kids around and not a lot to do at home outside of virtual studies.
So it's kind of driving up the demand for a switch. So resellers are looking to make a quick buck.
Um, obviously the easiest way to stop resellers for being successful would be to stop buying.
But I think the reality is you have a lot of families, uh, that don't understand and that
are just like, I need this. So I'm going to spend all this money because maybe they have
more disposable money to then turn around to these people who are flipping these things.
And there's a discord bot that is actually running a lot of this, uh, where they, you can actually
buy through discord and it kind of does a lot of the process for you so that you don't have to like
go in and fill out your address and all that stuff by hand. These bots are kind of tailored
to the websites to move them, move through them for you. Um, I would wish that these retailers
would limit how many of this stuff you can buy. And I imagine they probably do. And there's
probably ways that these guys have worked around that as well. So I don't want to say like, Oh,
they haven't thought of it because I'm sure a lot of these retailers are trying to think of ways to
combat this as well. Cause the reselling market doesn't always look good for them either. Um,
but the reality is it hasn't happened yet. Um, but what I think is just crazy about this and also
kind of sad is that what's happening in the discord server, people are trying to capitalize
on the stimulus payments that just went out this week. Uh, one apparent reseller in the discord
said quote, yeah, mine are taking so long to deliver. I want them to hurry up while everyone
still has some money. So people hoping to make all that, you know, get, get that stimulus money,
uh, to buy upsold Nintendo switch again, obviously these folks can't be stopped.
They're just going to change the technology to match whatever the websites do to stop them.
It would be great if the stores would only allow one per address, but I also realize, you know,
people are probably buying them for pickup. They put them in kids' names. They have go to other
places. They probably have all these ideas they do to work around them. So what we really need to do
is stop supporting the resale market because that's ultimately what's going to dry it up.
But the reality is you and me are not the ones that are driving that market up.
So we have to help spread the word that the, thank you, that the reasons are Alan just for the,
on the podcast, Alan just brought me a drink. Thank you. Um, oh wait, they're not paying for
advertisement. Why am I putting their label forward? Um, here, look at the nutrition facts.
Um, so, uh, yeah, we have to stop supporting the resale market and then they'll stop doing this.
But until then, this is unfortunately part of it. So anyway, let's move on. Hopefully you're to
happier news. Actually. Yes. I think this story is very cool. Dark Sakura.
Yeah. So, um, and now it is kind of hit or miss cool in my opinion. And I'll tell you
after I've announced it. So, um, the Getty, um, as in the Getty center, um, you know, art,
all of that, um, basically they have a tool, um, called the animal crossing art generator,
which you can pick out one of your favorite works of art, crop it down and auto-generated QR code
that you can use in new horizons using the switch online mobile, uh, tool, you know,
using the switch online tool. And it's pretty cool. So you can get it through your milk link.
Um, now the one thing that I do not like, um, is that it really isn't very clear at all. Um,
it looks like blurs on the wall, really. So, I mean, you get the concept of the art way. I mean,
and then again, it is pretty neat, you know, it's a great thing. I think that I used, um,
the pattern maker tool in conjunction with this one. Um, and they also have like their full step
by step walkthrough on how to get you through that for people who haven't done this before.
Um, but really, um, it's a good way for people to, I guess, expose more, more natural art out
there. Now I did open up and take a look through the Getty museums, um, uh, art generator.
They didn't have any of the artists that I was interested in. I like, I looked for Frida Kahlo.
I looked for Banksy. I looked for some more, uh, you know, uh, uh, crap. What was her name? Uh,
Hannah, I always forget her name, but she actually was, um, one of the Weimar Bauhaus.
I could see if there's Mondrian, that would probably translate very well. Um,
but I mean, the thing is that, um, it's a good way to expose, uh, people to art, to have some
fine pieces of art in their own museum. There's no Mondrian. That's sad. Yeah. It is kind of a
limited, uh, search on here, but it is still pretty cool. It just doesn't come out very cleanly,
if that makes sense. Yeah. Um, and you know, I know some folks might be thinking, Oh God,
another animal crossing story. But I mean, this is like, when you have a museum,
well, and then when you have a museum embracing that part of pop culture to try to get more people
interested in what the museum does, the art, I kind of think that's extremely newsworthy.
Don't you? Absolutely. Absolutely. Yeah. And especially to the links, like the fact that
they are, it's not just like, Oh, T he, somebody set up a fit. It's like, no, the museum is
getting these QR codes for you to put in your town. And yeah, I mean, the QR code stuff is
limited. Like I have a picture of Mr. Smoosh in Smoosh land, but, um, and when you see it,
it's grainy and it's not that great, but it gets the point across. And I think that's what this is
for too. If it starts a conversation about art, then it's a win. Right. So I think it's pretty
cool, but yeah, probably, probably very limited on what they have the rights to reproduce in this
manner. Um, although it would be cool to, you know, a lot of that stuff that you're talking
about would be very cool. Um, Marissa, uh, Marissa's in our chat. It's so good to see you
saying, uh, you could probably get an idea of what would be available by checking out the Getty
museum collections online. Yeah. And then, you know, if it drives you to their website to get
these QR codes, then you're exploring the museum in a sense, or you're thinking about, Oh, maybe
I want to see this art in real life and all that good stuff. Yeah, exactly. So win, win all around,
especially when museums are probably hurting right now because they don't have foot traffic.
So, yeah. Anyway. All right, moving on, uh, just a few more stories and then, uh, we'll take a
listener round table questions in our chat room. Uh, let's move on to Loki. Yes. So, uh, one of the
things, I mean, we've been all waiting for the Minecraft, you know, uh, fancy graphics pack to
come out. And unfortunately, since, um, the 4k texture pack that was supposed to be coming out
Xbox one and PlayStation four, I think we're just Xbox one and PC at one point,
uh, got canceled. We had to kind of wait for the whole, uh, Minecraft RTX, um,
update to be coming out to actually add real ray tracing to the game. And so now they have that in
beta as well to actually check it out. So if you opt in through the, um, Xbox, uh, beta program
and actually get the, uh, Minecraft with RTX and happen to have a computer with an RTX, uh, GPU,
so, uh, RTX 2060 through 2080, uh, then you can actually check this game out. Um, they also,
what's unique about it though is because they're changing the way the graphics are set up in the
game, all the textures, um, they only have specific texture packs and maps that work with it right
now. So you, those are being offered for free as well. I happen to have a PC that can run RTX. And
so I did get to check that out this week. Well, lucky you, cause I don't, it, it looks really
cool. I mean, it really does look like a different game. Um, it's, it's interesting though, like some
of the, like just everything they have there, like the atmospheric lighting that's in there now
is just pretty incredible. Like if you actually go and try to go down into caves and stuff like that
with torches, like it doesn't illuminate very much and it gets extremely pitch black and, um, they
have surfaces now they can set up like mirrors. I mean, you, if you're swimming under water,
you see the reflection of everything under the water and the top of the water or the surface.
Um, just some incredible looking, um, graphics there, the god rays and everything. Um, and
actually runs pretty good on my laptop. So that's pretty cool. Um, you have to show it to me when
we can hang out again. Yes. Yes. I'll have to do that. Um, I did end up uninstalling it after I
played through for a little bit because it's not compatible with my realms and everything,
uh, because it's beta, but it's pretty cool. There were some glitches I ran into at one point where
stuff, uh, stop drawing in a little bit. So obviously it's in beta and they're working on
it, but it looks incredible. Like if this is something that maybe can be supported with the
next generation of consoles, I mean, I think people are going to be having a pretty good
time with it. So, um, definitely check it out. If you own Minecraft on PC and can get into this
beta program, which is pretty easy to do. I was going to say I was really f*****g bitter
that the super duper graphics pack kind of got scrapped. And then this came out instead
for a $500 graphics card that I don't own, but, um, it does seem very logical that the PC folks
and the folks playing this right now are the beta test crowd. And that where this is ultimately
going to end up is on the next X-Box and presumably PlayStation five. I mean, yes,
Minecraft is a Microsoft product, but they still kind of put stuff on switch and Sony. So, I mean,
assumably it'll be there too. It'd probably just come out later for PlayStation, but yeah,
they're going to have, I don't know if it would necessarily work on those consoles because their
GPU's are based around the ATI technology. So, uh, it's hard to say, or it's ATI is kind of
antiquated AMD technology, but, um, I, I would be interested to see if they can adapt it for that,
but like if they still have the groundwork for the stuff, then maybe it'll work or it'll come up.
Yeah. Cause when I heard it was like Ray tracing, I was like, Oh, well that's where the next,
that's what they keep talking about for the next series of consoles. So that seems like the logical
progression, but okay. Maybe not so easy then. Interesting. Okay. Bobby says in chat, uh, by
Blackwell says hardware Ray tracing is hardware Ray tracing the ATI cards will have it. They'll
just have to port it. So it won't be such a, maybe like easy type of transition, you know,
hopefully not too bad, but we'll see. All right. Yeah. I could, I could see support for it at some
point. All right. Lastly, but not leastly tonight, this is a story. What like, honestly,
what the fuck is going on with cookie mama? That is, that is what we're calling this segment.
What the fuck is going on with cookie mama? Because like there have been stories all over
the internet about cooking mama and it's, uh, that the, the cooking mama is mining Bitcoin.
Remember that one that was around like two weeks ago. Um, yeah, it's just a mess. And apparently,
mama, mama can't even fix her own damn game. Um, there's issues going on with cooking mama cook
star is the actual name of the game that just came out for switch. Well, sort of, um, the game's
license holder and the publisher are fighting online about who is controlling this. The original
developer of the DS game office create licensed cook star to planet entertainment in 2018.
Uh, they decided together on a game design and then it came out on the Nintendo switch in March
and then was pulled from the shelves because office create said it failed to meet the
standards its customers expect and deserve. So I guess it wasn't really mining Bitcoin.
It was just bad. So I don't know. Um, so what I understand, like I watched like a video of like,
what, what happened with that? Oh, did a YouTuber explain it in three hours?
No, there's, so there's this, um, there's a channel that I watched that they did explain.
It wasn't three hours. It was like a pretty short video, but they explained that, um,
the guy that works for that publishing company doesn't even really understand what Bitcoin is.
They just thought they'd drop blockchain in there that that would entice people cause it's tech and
everybody's talking about blockchain nowadays. I am sorry. I love this comment too much from
our chat. See a Tiberian chat says I was hoping it would be an accounting conspiracy. So it would
be cooking, cooking mama's books. Uh, funny. That's great. Uh, all right. Anyway, uh, yeah.
And Bobby Bakloff says, yes, same blockchain gets you investor funding. It sure does.
Uh, so anyway, office create is now saying legal action against planet is probably going to happen
to protect its customers. Uh, but planet doesn't give a fuck. They said on the official cook star
Twitter, uh, said that the issue has to do with creative differences. There is no active
litigation or ruling that prevents planet from publishing this game. Um, it may still come out
on the switch. This game is already turning into a huge collector's item, uh, for people to find
and so forth. Uh, this is crazy. So, wow. But anyway, cooking mama may not be the mama you
remember. Did you want to say something to me? No, I'm sorry. I didn't realize my mic wasn't
muted or typing what I was because I was, I was, uh, trying to do a, a, a well thought out
reply on actually something very similar. Um, Oh, see, there it went. Yeah. I am so sorry. I
didn't mean to just clack away cause that, that ain't me. Um, but anyway, um, I'm just like,
I keep thinking mama ain't fixing shit. You're going to have to fix this one for
your dance. Her wine break slam, you know, to quote, uh, that line by the, uh, uh, late great,
uh, now I can't think of her name, uh, be Arthur mama's on a cruise ship and she's stuck.
So mama's on a cruise ship with the COVID. Okay. Don't joke about that. All right. So
I'm not, well I am, but I'm also really mad at the cruise industry. So there's that. Um,
but, um, but I mean the thing is, is that it is a shit show from the beginning and
people are going to say what they're going to say. You know, the truth is there somewhere.
No, one's going to care what it is cause they still want to only believe what they want to
think. End of story. All right. Well let's, what is Mr. Smush? Can you, is that getting picked up
by the mic? Mr. Smush is like screaming over there. Yeah. Oh boy. All right. Anyway, uh,
let's move on. That was actually our last story that we have planned for tonight. So we're going
to open up the listener round table via our chat room over at twitch.tv slash a VOG network. So if
you have a question or something you want to ask on the show, uh, please go ahead and ask in the
chat and we'll get to it. Um, and yeah, everybody in chat is screaming about Mr. Smoosh. Yes.
So she wants to say something. I know he always, okay. He always does this after he uses the
litter box. Like he has to announce to the entire household. Exactly. Like, and that is what just
happened. I heard scratching noises and then I heard like now he's screaming. He doesn't have
a problem with his butt. I hope not. Um, I it's, it's kind of hard to say cause we can't really
take him to the vet or anything right now, but everything's normal in the litter box
in that department. So I don't think it's anything like that, but it's just catism.
My cat does the same thing. Every time she sees me, she screams at me every time.
Well, Midna's thing is that no matter if it's food time or not, she's still going to follow
you into that front bathroom. Cause that's where we feed her. And now Mr. Smoosh is just lying on
the kitchen floor. Like his entire world has ended because I guess he wants more food. So I don't
know. He just ate everybody. You know what I did today, Rob? Hmm. What's that? You know, I had
sashimi for dinner. Yes. Midna has had her first taste of sashimi. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. We, uh, Alan
feeds the cat all the time, all the time. Like just, just a little bit of human food, just a
little bit. And you know, appropriately like, you know, he, he, he's very good at taking care of
kitties. But like, for example, last night we tried a new barbecue place that we'd never had before
we did, uh, it was our date night. So we did, you know, delivery food and, um, we had a new bar,
like a local barbecue place we'd never had before. And, uh, Mr. Smoosh got to have just
a little bit, just a little bit of the barbecue chicken, just a little bit. So, but that's why
Mr. Smoosh is more chonk than he was when we, uh, adopted him as a rescue kitty. He was very skinny
then. Now he's chonk. I gave him Midna cheese a year ago and now she has like cheese radar. She
knows when it's actually cheese that's coming out, but she was all about the sushi, the sashimi.
Cause I can't have a lot of rice, even though I love rice. Um, so I just, Dan's like, get what
you want for your birthday dinner. And I'm like, sashimi. And so I gave Midna, eventually ate a
whole slice, like a whole ounce of fish. Uh, a question from DJ Rama S in our chat room. Uh,
what is the quarantine drink of choice right now? Mine is Tito's vodka and Pepsi cause Rite Aid was
out of Coke. Um, I don't do a lot of alcoholic drinking really. Um, but, um, we've been drinking
a lot more soda, which is bad because we're drinking like diet soda and Coke Zero and stuff
like, and I fully admit it's trash. We shouldn't be drinking them, but you want comfort food right
now in this whole circumstance. And I will say again, I guess I'm giving free advertising,
but it is what it is. Diet Coke has these different flavors right now that are really
good. Like they have a blood orange diet Coke. Um, and I love that one. It was weird to me.
I love that one, but I also really love the ginger lime and that's what we have,
um, a ton of right now. So, and Alan really likes the, um, orange vanilla Coke Zero. So there's a
lot of like diet Coke, terrible products in our house. Um, but which is weird because I'm usually
a Pepsi person. So if it's, if it's non diet, I prefer Pepsi, but if it's diet, I prefer Coke.
Isn't that weird? But it's what it is. Yeah. Yeah. But I, um, like here though, it's been,
um, I really love dietary Pepsi. Um, but right now we just have diet Coke cause our diet diet
Coke, because that's what Dan found at seven 11, which happened to be open after nine. Everything
else is not. Um, but, um, you know, like I said, I was gifted that bottle of, uh, Godiva chocolate
liquor. Um, and I forgot about my very loaded bar that I have because I kept wanting to experiment
with beverages after watching cocktail chemistry. So I have, you know, I have vermouth, I have gin
in my freezer. I have, um, the Nika coffee grain whiskey that my bestie got me for, uh, holidays.
Um, I have larceny, uh, bourbon, which is also really good. It's a non rye. I don't like
practically anything right. Um, I've also got Kraken, which makes every diet soda taste like
an oatmeal cookie, which is amazing. I have Tuaka. I have, um, crap. I have, um, Grand Marnier,
which I'm actually thinking of taking the Godiva and the Grand Marnier and make myself a chocolate
orange. Um, I have a creme de mint. I have creme de cacao, which I usually use baking. So I don't
have the best quality. Um, yeah. Um, I also have, uh, a thing, uh, I have some brandy.
I also have some Hennessy left a little bit of Hennessy. Um, I have a touch of a bit of
hypnotic left in my fridge. I have a Pinot Noir ros. I've got like two bottles of wine. That's
it. Uh, let me, let me quickly read some comments from chat. Cause now you're, now you're, now you're
sounding like a, a Bubba gun shrimp in this and shrimp in this all your alcohol. I'm just saying
when I've had the, when I've had the, the wild urge, I've got to hook up. Now I have the Godiva,
which is what I really wanted. Marissa's in our chat saying the guava one, I think talking about
the diet soda is awesome. Leave me my one vice diet cancer. That's how I feel. Like, look,
you can sit there and tell me about how diet soda is horrible for you. And my answer is,
bitch, I know, but these are trying times. And if a diet soda is going to make me happy,
let me fucking live. Okay. Like we'll, we'll address the caking the diet soda habit after
we get on the other side of this. Okay. That's, that's what I'm leaving it as. Um, and then, uh,
there was some other comments I wanted to say here. Um, let's see, uh, Meesh in our chat says
our drink of choice has been chocolate Coca-Cola. Ooh, that's really good too. It's good. Chocolate
Coke. Yeah. Um, well there's, I, um, there's definitely chocolate Cola out there and I feel
like chocolate Coke is a thing. I don't know if it's something in America though,
you'll have to ask me where they're getting that. Now I have to tell you, I can't drink sugary Coke
like at all. Cause it just tastes too clean to me. But that, uh, strawberry Coke that they had
in Japan and the peach Coke and me who does not like peach, peach Coke was good. Uh, Ziba in chat
says we've been drinking a lot of different flavors of spindrift. Uh, and some folks talking
about Jackbox games and kind of using that to pass the time right now. A lot of people doing that on
Zoom. And some folks have asked if we're going to do a vog game night of sorts. And the answer is,
um, yeah, I guess we need to plan something like that. Don't we? Um, I still want to do the Amazon
watch party on my personal channel, but the selections are so limited. Like I don't know
what I would stream. I'm like there's old seasons of survivor, but the problem with streaming those
is that you kind of like already know who's going to go. So I don't know if it's as exciting, but
I did. I did consider old seasons of America's next top model because I don't know those as
well. So there would still be surprises in them. Uh, and maybe actually the actual season. I have
to see if they have that season that I always reference here on OLR with Tiffany with the,
we were rooting for you. We were all rooting for you. I feel like that should be the thing maybe
that I should stream if they have that season. So VG realness says, OMG bitch America's next top
model. I would be there for, so, okay. Maybe, maybe that's going to be the show. Maybe I'll
do some, uh, uh, chairside watching of the season with Tiffany on it. Was that season four?
Go back to the drink thing real quick. You know what is not in my house? Fucking La Croix.
Shit's nasty. I love it. I love it. All right. Uh, I think that's going to do it for the listener.
Uh, round table tonight. Thank you guys very much for the, uh, uh, comments and all that. You know,
you guys always make this a good time. Really appreciate you guys being here and hanging out
with us on a Sunday night. Um, keeping us going through these really tough times. Really
appreciate it. You know what we didn't do? Cause we had no emails. We didn't do drag race talk.
Well, cause I'm not watching drag race this season. What? Yeah, I'm not. I I'm taking a
drag race and I are seeing other people for a little bit.
We have some last minute story. Yeah, no. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What do you, what do you want to
say for last minute stories, Loki? Um, so let's talk a little bit about, uh, Riot Games purchasing
Hytale and, um, the developers of Hypixel studios, or I should say their, their developer Hypixel
studios. So Hytale, if you may remember, we talked about a little bit before, um,
it's sort of like a Minecraft game mixed with a little bit more RPG elements. Um, so it's gonna
be interesting and see what they do with that. Um, so that's supposed to be, um, really the game
is still not yet out, but it's supposed to be released sometime in 2021. Um, we talked a little
bit about, uh, HD rat remasters of some classic games. Well, guess what? We talked about this
before, but it's right around the corner now. So, um, checks quest HD is, um, going to be coming
out on steam. Apparently it is going to be a free to play game when it comes out as well. Oh joy.
If you want to, you know, check it out. Uh, it's going to be launching this summer
and then hard to complain about free, I guess. And checks, checks, miss checks,
mix is pretty good. And like, they're not even paying me to say that. So like,
it's just legit something I I'm craving now. Damn it. And speaking of, uh, free, uh, Sony has,
um, offered, um, I guess a couple of things for the folks that are staying home because of the
whole COVID-19 thing. So they're offering uncharted, the Nathan Drake collection and
journey for free on PlayStation four, regardless if you have PlayStation plus or not.
Somebody brought that up in chat and I forgot who I'm sorry. Somebody brought that up in chat
during the classic game of the week. And I was going to say something when we came back,
but then my brain was so fixated on F zero. I forgot, but thank you for mentioning that.
And, and to stress, you do not need PlayStation plus for this. They are like free for all game.
And of course, everybody was complaining when I, everybody, but people on Twitter who are
loud and annoying were complaining. Uh, would you already gave us these games? No, no. These
are free games for everybody. Plus or no plus. So a journey and uncharted collection. And, uh,
until May 1st. Right. Um, I believe it's until I just closed the page, um, May 5th.
Okay. Close, but go, go get them now. What are you waiting for? Go get them now.
Store, store.playsation.com. You can just log in right there at 8 PM Pacific. So,
you know, get on that. There you go. Is that it? All right. Free, free games is a good note to end
on a hype. Mayhem would be very proud if he's out there listening. Uh, anyhow, uh, that brings us
towards the end of the show. I really want to thank you guys for tuning in and listening
tonight. Really appreciate you guys being here. Uh, whether you were listening live over at Twitch
TV, where we record on Sunday night, or if you were listening on our podcast feed, which is
available, of course, on iTunes, Google podcasts, Spotify, pretty much all of the big places where
you can get podcasts, except for one. Um, you can, uh, listen to this show and leave a nice
review or something like that. Cause those things go a long way. Tell a friend about the show,
help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice,
but if the voices aren't here to put them out on air, then we don't really get to have every voice
now, do we? Uh, and, uh, again, for those of you that are on Twitch, an auto host of VOG Network,
oh my gosh, that's like the absolute best thing you could do. And we really appreciate it.
We also definitely appreciate all the follows, the biddies and the subs. I will get to those
after the show, as I always do. If you didn't already see your shout out tickle on the bottom
of the screen. Uh, but I just want to say an extra special thank you to all of that. Uh, really,
really do appreciate all of you that go the extra mile. Uh, I think we should now wrap up and start
to get people's final thoughts. Um, I will start my final thought. I don't usually go first. I'll
start with my final thought. My final thought tonight is, um, I didn't get into my discussion
on this because I talked about it enough on Bobby's show tonight, but I will just simply say
stop spreading articles around that are farming you for hate clicks. Stop sharing hate porn.
Start sharing nice porn. I don't know a nice way to phrase that, but we'll leave it at that. Okay.
Stop sharing hate porn. Start sharing just porn. All right. Anyway, uh, Loki, what's your final
thought tonight? My final thought is I'm hopefully going to work on my game this week. I really tried
to get to that point. Um, but got very distracted. So I do want to get back into the groove of
working. It's just, it's been hard because I don't have the routine of going to like my son's coding
class and sitting down and doing it once in a while. So it's, I need to get back into it.
And I think even more frequent, like every day if I can. All right. Uh, last but not least,
the one and only dark soccer. Your final thought. This is more continuous talking than I've done,
uh, like in a week. And I actually am feeling kind of okay. So I'm actually sitting here
kind of happy and I have carrot cake waiting for me. Well, I hope you had a wonderful birthday dark
soccer. And when we can we'll celebrate and I imagine celebration will somehow involve
liquor, drag queens, cheesecake. Sound good? That sounds pretty epic to me. I'm down. All
right. Sounds good. Uh, thank you, captain Pikachu for sitting in on cam because Loki
and dark soccer can't join me in studio. Uh, so, uh, thank you captain Pikachu for being here.
Uh, hopefully, uh, we'll get beat, get to all be in person, uh, at some point, but we'll do it
when the governor says it's safe to do it, um, because the governor's listening to scientists
and, um, scientists are awesome. Uh, stay safe, everybody. Um, you know, again, I know it's been
going over a month now and people are starting to go a little crazy and like wanting to, but remember
we're doing this for a reason. Um, stay, stay at home, play video games, pass the time, uh, Zoom,
Jack box, uh, visit your friends virtually MMOs, animal crossing, whatever it is, uh, hang in there.
We'll get to the other side of this. Just, you know, you just got to stay put for a little while
longer. So we'll, uh, we'll stay put and keep doing this show every Sunday for you guys. In
the meantime, we will see you in seven days next week. I'll finish final fantasy seven
remake by then. So I'm really hoping I'll have some things to say, have a wonderful week.
Everybody good night. You've been listening to orange lounge radio. Orange lounge radio is a
production of OLR studios to join us for a live show. Tune into fog network.com Sunday nights at
6 PM Pacific 9 PM Eastern the views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily
reflect those of the staff of orange lounge radio or bog network, but you know, they were all still
true.
See you next week.
