Tonight, September 19th, 2010, a much-hyped MMO shuts down after only three months.
Konami and Harmonix settle their rock band lawsuit, and the Nielsen Report rates the
effectiveness of ads and video games.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge
Radio.
We are that show where every gamer has a voice.
We meet live every Sunday night at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com, right after the Bobby
Black Wolf show at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, except tonight actually we didn't
meet after the Bobby Black Wolf show because he's on vacation.
How dare he?
Anyway, my name is Rob Roberts, joining you over the next few hours.
Say hello to my awesome co-hosts, the one and only Dark Soccer, Jamie Summers.
How are you my friend?
That good, huh?
I'm doing fantastic, Rob.
I'm glad to hear it.
And how are you today?
Super, thanks for asking.
Great.
Alright, also joining us, as he does every week, say hello to the one and only Techmaster
Loki.
That last fry didn't taste good.
I'm sorry to hear that, but I heard you exclaim literally as the opening credits are rolling
on our show, I hear Loki go, ooh, bonus onion ring.
Yeah, because they mixed, they contaminated my fries with an onion ring in there.
You don't like onion rings?
Onion rings are the best.
No, I do.
I just wasn't expecting an onion ring, because I'm expecting their bland fries.
That onion ring was a nice add to both.
Now I could get just onion rings, but I do like their fries still, even though they are
bland.
Another episode of Orange Lounge Foodio here as we tape live.
Pretty busy weekend gaming, thanks to the Tokyo Game Show.
There's a lot of news and stuff going on here in the States as well, just like so much to
talk about tonight.
We supposedly have some guests coming, but I got a text that they're running late, of
course, because these people always run late, shh, don't tell them, but I'm assuming they'll
be here any moment, so we'll introduce them whenever they show up.
They probably won't come into the studio quietly, so I apologize in advance for any derailment
that is bound to happen on this lovely radio program.
It's okay, I dressed up.
Let's talk, yes you did, you went all out today.
Alright, she's wearing her pajamas just so you guys know.
Alright, let's start it off with how was your gaming week and the types of video games you've
been playing this week, and I know DarkSakura finally jumped into something because I got
a text message earlier this week that let me know she did.
So what's up DarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
I started Final Fantasy 13, and I got to the part where they transformed into special people,
so that's as far as I am right now.
And I'm playing The Sims 3 right now because Dan got me ambitions, and Dan's home from
his trip and I'm so happy.
And that's it.
So Final Fantasy 13, what do you think of the battle system, it kind of takes forever
to get going doesn't it?
Yeah, I'm like, the game that plays itself, I'm just going to sit back and eat some rice
and watch a movie.
Which is basically how I've been treating it, it's like oh it's a movie that I can push
a button every so often.
Let's go to our chatroom at chat.orangelaungeradio.com, you know it's you guys that really make the
show every Sunday night as we do Tape Live.
And go to lovely comments such as the following from Spazinator PSN in chat, if Jamie's doing
fantastic then I'm Betty fucking Crocker, she sounds like frustrated as all hell.
No, I had a long day yesterday because it was Yom Kippur, and so it's basically, to
sum it up in a nutshell, it's the day of atonement, so basically you apologize a lot and don't
need anything.
That's putting a really simplistic view on it.
It's really, it's very beautiful service, I was very happy to have attended all day,
and I was very happy to eat when the sun went down.
So after 24 hours of fasting, Betty fucking Crocker sounds pretty good, huh?
More like 20, 26 hours?
25?
Oh, but who's counting?
More sundown than post-sundown.
Yeah, well, you end up counting.
But it was a really nice experience, it was good, but I had to get up early this morning
and record the other podcast.
And then I had-
That other show.
Oh, bite my butt.
And then I had to, I had to talk with my client for a little while, and then I just said like,
forget the world, I'm taking a nap.
And then I've got to do algebra homework tonight.
And three poster designs tomorrow.
Speaking of other podcasts, the Rob and Extefer Warcraft show is supposed to start this week,
but sadly we ran into some technical difficulties.
We can't seem to do Skype on my computer.
Don't break my pen.
I can't, I can't do Skype, I'm frustrated, no.
I can't do Skype on my home computer like I can on the one here in the studio.
So we weren't able to do our little thing, so I don't know what we're going to do.
We'll figure it out, we're smart people.
Just in time for Cataclysm, how appropriate.
Are you smart fellers?
Huh?
Are you smart fellers or fart smellers?
Shut up.
Say hello to the one and only Techmaster Loki, and how was your gaming week?
It was fine.
I got my iPod finally, so I downloaded a bunch of stuff on there.
And let's see, I tried a little bit of Plants vs. Zombies, because I have yet to jump into
that.
It's pretty fun.
Hopefully going to play a little bit more than that, other than like two minutes worth.
And then, what else did I play?
I played some of the Mirror's Edge game on the iPhone, which is kind of neat, very simplistic,
but it still has that kind of same look as the full game.
Fruit Ninja, because that's really easy and casual.
So I actually kind of downloaded that, because it's actually one of the ones that is supported
by Game Center, so I thought it'd be neat to try out.
And of course I had to download Robot Unicorn Attack, because, well, I don't think I need
to explain myself there.
It's so surreal to me that you're coming in here and playing with your little iPod now.
This is after like a good, I don't know, eight years of just Apple hatred that you see on
this show.
No, I still hate Apple.
But you're sitting there playing with your iPod, like, hey Rob, let me see what apps
you have, because I'm going to say, oh, Jamie, let me see your phone.
It's just really funny to me.
Well, okay, it's very convenient for browsing the web.
For example, Nellie's mom came over, and she's like, I need the 800 number for AAA.
And Nellie was like, okay, well let me boot up my laptop, and I'm like, okay, hold on,
let me real quickly just turn my iPod on, hit the web browser, done.
There's a AAA app that will actually put your little ID card in there and everything, and
you can actually file a request over the application.
Well, it wasn't, she didn't need, it was kind of weird because it was someone hit her that
had AAA, so she needed a number to call them, got it.
So yeah, so it's neat, and then the other thing that I got with that is I got a Virgin
Mobile MiFi 2200, which is a 3G hotspot.
In fact, I'm actually using that right now to connect to the web.
It's literally, it is smaller than the iPod that I have right now, but it works pretty
well, and it's like 40 bucks a month flat, so I'm kind of digging that a little bit.
Console Games, of course, played more Grand Theft Auto, because that's just a given.
Really ain't playing too much else other than that, because I just haven't had time.
Wife's keeping me busy with keeping the baby, you know, out of her hair, and unfortunately
that gives me like no time to do anything, so it's just, I'm really sad because I wanted
to work on stuff this weekend, and instead I had to go shop for groceries for like two
hours and run a bunch of errands, and then I come back home and she's like, I've been
sitting here with the baby for all this time and he won't stop crying, here you take him.
It's like, oh yeah, I haven't been doing anything at all, I've just been, you know, playing
around.
That's what you get for making babies.
Breeders.
So, yeah, so that's basically all I've done this week is mainly download a ton of apps.
I've spent way too much money on apps, so that's for sure, I gotta cut back on that.
This little 3G router thingy-ma-bobber you have, what is this again, a Virgin mobile?
Well, it's called a MiFi 2200, they have them through Virgin, they have them through Sprint,
AT&T I think even, and, but the plan that's the cheapest is actually the Virgin plan,
and it piggybacks on the Sprint network, and it's flat $40, and it's, you know, there's
no plan, so if you wanna use it, you pay 40 bucks and you get a full month worth of unlimited
bandwidth, unlimited data, whatever.
Now what surprised me about that is when I was looking at those things online, I thought
they were the size of like a normal router, was my impression, but that thing is smaller
than your phone, or not the phone, well, than an iPhone.
Yeah.
It's crazy.
And, you know, literally I slip that into my back pocket and I just play around with
it.
Jamie's gonna take a picture of it for the website.
Put your thing next to it to compare sizes, because I was really impressed at how tiny
that stinkin' thing is, it's crazy.
Yeah, so, um, yeah, it's, it's really small, um, and it's kinda cool about it though is
SeeSense, you know, I have like almost like a ghetto iPhone with this, because I have
a program to, uh, send free text messages, so I can do that, and I have like a number
that's associated with that now, so people can text me if they want to, um, and...
You should give out that number here on the show and see what kind of text messages you
get during the week.
I really don't use it.
Hi, Loki, I'm in the potty!
I think that would be quite foolish.
Uh, yeah, so I have that, and then, um, I don't know, I've just, I've been downloading
a bunch of junk, because that's what I, I sit there, you know, I have the baby in my
arm, and I'm sitting there just kinda browsing the internet, and I'm like, okay, hmm, what
apps could I possibly need, um, oh, I know, they just talked about a police scanner app
on TV, I'm gonna download that, okay, uh...
He's an alcoholic.
Pretty much, it's...
And then in two months the novelty will wear off, and I'll be like, ugh.
But hey, it doesn't matter though, because I didn't really pay any money for this, although
I did spend a lot of money on apps, so Apple still wins in this.
Going back to our chatroom and chat.orangelandrader.com, they always make A-plus comments such as this
one.
Alf in chat says, now Loki's butt will have cancer, and I'm assuming that's from the router.
I don't always...
Being in your butt, or next to your butt, or wherever it is, in close proximity to your
butt, will somehow give you butt cancer.
Well, I can't really use it too much, you know, in my back pocket, because, um, if I
sit down it turns it off, so, uh, that's not good, um, but you know, that's where I store
it for now.
I don't store it in my butt, but my, but my pocket, yes.
But if somebody did store it in their butt, they'd be like 3G everywhere they go.
But it's so cool though, because see, like, not only can I...
You can name the network Rob's butt.
Not only can I connect to that, um, but other peop- it can sort of port up to five devices
at once.
Um, I'd imagine it'd be very slow with five devices connected to it, but...
Hey, I'm connected to your butt right now!
Alright, um, let's introduce the guests, because they're dying to make a comment, and, uh,
it's been forever, really, since these two have been on the show, but they're quite the
duo, and if you've been listening to OLR for any length of time, I'm sure you've heard
these guys on the show, they're loved by the masses.
Not really, I just say that to talk about...
Say hello to Rice Princess!
How are you?
I'm good.
So if you put it up...
Wait, can we hear you?
Oh, it's muted.
Hi.
La la la.
Jerk.
Hi, how are you?
I'm good.
So if you put the router up your butt, what if you accidentally poop it out, and it goes
in the water?
That...
Wouldn't that break it?
Maybe it might.
Have to change the network to big dump.
It might.
Oh, and hi.
Alright.
Also, say hello to the one and only...
The doctor is back!
I'm the doctor!
How are you?
Pretty good, pretty good.
And I just wanted you to say, Rob, there's- Rob's butt has been a network for years and
years and years.
That's pretty much the only com- Only, uh, yeah, I'm seeing the Sonic Screwdriver, which
would also work in Rob's butt, so...
So I'm gonna play with the Sonic Screwdriver.
Here you go, Rice Princess.
You know, I am not comfortable with how much of the discussion on this show is about my
butt.
I, uh...
I'm not okay with that.
It's your own fault.
It really is.
Yeah.
Alright.
Well, what have you- what the hell have you been up to, Rice Princess?
Were you- you have been on the show in like a year, it seems like, because I don't think
you've been since we've been here at Studio Sakura.
I haven't, and I'm kind of insulted that you didn't notice that the doctor and I are wearing-
You are wearing Madison Castlevania shirts, because it's old school and new school.
Yeah, mine's better, but- Isn't today a special day in the, uh, relationship between you and
the doctor?
Yeah, it's the first time we had sex, because he's straight.
And me?
Really?
I thought it was- Yes.
No, September- September 9th, 2000- Oh my gosh.
Was the night we all met.
Oh my gosh.
Yeah.
I thought it was Irene I met in like November.
Yeah, and then we all- we all went back to your apartment and played Wheel of Fortune.
Good times.
In Roseville.
And butt sex.
Rob's network was on that night.
Shut up.
And I've got a- I've got a gift to regale you with.
You can open later.
You didn't have to bring gifts.
Well, that's alright.
But I'll take it.
It's poop.
Yay.
So you're wearing matching castle- well, they're not matching Castlevania shirts, it's old school
Castlevania new school.
Mine's Symphony of the Night, so mine's automatically cooler.
Yeah, his is old school.
But his is great.
Yeah, no.
I like his too.
That means we have to push the start key now.
Oh yeah.
Alright.
Where is the start key?
I'm not gonna ask where that is.
But where is the start key is the question.
Finding is the game, actually.
That's- that's the other game.
That's a scary game.
Yeah.
Since you guys haven't been on the show in a while, we actually have some new listeners.
Believe it or not, like people actually like subscribe to the show and stay subscribed.
Is it the same five people under different names?
No, we've got emails and like people are like, hey, I just started listening and my first
show was the fuck show and I'm like, really?
And you didn't unsubscribe after that?
Yeah.
That's amazing.
You're weird.
So for those that maybe haven't heard you on the show before, what kind of video games
are you into?
What do you like to play?
What- what- what types of stuff you've been playing right now, Rice Princess?
I don't play anything now except for WoW because, you know, I have a love-hate relationship
with it.
But I like, um, like Super Nintendo games, Nintendo games, like stuff- older stuff.
Retro stuff.
Yeah, I don't- I haven't really played much on the newer gen.
What would you say is a totally underrated retro game?
Clash at Demonhead.
I knew you were going to say that.
Of course you knew I was going to say that.
Duh.
Why is that game underrated?
Because it's fucking awesome and no one's played it.
Did you- did you get a little hot when you saw that the band in the Scott Pilgrim movie
was called Clash at Demonhead?
Yes, because I was probably the only person in the theater who's actually played that
game.
It was awesome.
Yes.
I liked it a lot.
Yes.
Good times.
What about you, Eddie?
How about The Doctor?
The Doctor, what types of games have you been playing lately?
Not much lately, because like The Rice Princess, I own a Wii, so I'm a very angry Wii player
because there's no games for it.
I looked at my Wii history for the past six months and it's just Netflix.
There's no games being played, but before that I had downloaded Cave Story in the virtual
console which is a really fun 8-bit style game.
So yeah, I like a lot of old school stuff.
I like the new stuff, I just don't like Halo and Call of Duty and stuff, so I like adventure
type games and there's not a lot of that on the Wii.
It's mostly a soccer mom console now.
What about Metroid Other M?
That was the big thing.
I've heard terrible reviews on that though, like I want to play it, but I've heard terrible
reviews.
I don't know what you guys think.
I'm a little worried because it's supposed to be a direct sequel to Super Metroid and
I've heard a lot of awful things about it, but I've heard some really good things about
it, so I don't know.
I've heard play-wise, it's fantastic, story-wise, it's balls.
And not the good kind of balls.
Ray D.N.
Silver Gun in our chat room says, I get it, says you should get Sin and Punishment 2.
I get it.
How about Sin and Punishment 2?
I don't know what the hell that is.
It's on the Wii!
It's Sin and Punishment.
Okay, I still don't know what it is.
Not you, him!
Oh, fine.
Screw you, it's for him.
It's a shooter.
Yeah, it's another shooter, which, you know, I'd play that if I wanted to go to sleep,
so.
Alright, fine.
I don't trust the industry nowadays, because remember how they said Shattered Memories was
like the best game at E3?
Fucking worst game ever made.
Oh, I just want to punch Silent Hill.
What was wrong with Silent Hill Shattered Memories?
Everything.
It wasn't a game.
It was just like, here, I'm going to poop on your face.
I don't remember the poop on your face scene, actually.
I remember it, because that's all that happened over and over.
I don't.
Like, oh my gosh, oh, Alessa, it's you, poop on your face!
It's like, you son of a bitch, you got me again!
I thought it was going to be different this time, but no.
Did you and I play the same game?
Because I just remembered the snow and a lot of running.
I don't remember.
You didn't see the tracks of shit everywhere?
No?
I don't.
Okay.
Yeah.
Maybe I got the director's cut or something, I don't know, but I got the shit on your face
version.
Okay.
I'll stop cussing now.
Alright.
No, that's alright.
It's a family show.
Let's see.
My gaming week.
Exposure!
Exposure!
Let's see.
What types of stuff did I play this week?
Who cares?
No.
Not a lot of news.
Wow.
Wow.
Wow.
I played the WoW beta today because I finally got my character to copy over, so I was able
to look at the new zones.
Have you done any of the sillies or the flirts?
They are raunchy!
For the new?
Yeah, for goblins and wargons.
I haven't.
I played a wargon at like level six, and I got all excited because female wargons showed
up this week, but you can make one and see what it looks like, but you can't actually
click the button that says create character.
Yeah, it says decline or whatever.
Yeah, invalid.
But it's not a PG-13 thing anymore.
It's like getting into R-rated material.
One of the female goblin, I think it's a flirt, was like, yeah, and then he asked me to go
up on him, and I'm just like, what the hell?
That's pretty funny.
Maybe you're just getting too old.
No, but then there was another one where he's like, I've got something for you, and then
he just unzips his pants.
That's just straight up sexual.
That is not teenager stuff.
And then Rob was like, let's release the sassy squad, and he took his pants off.
Did I quit playing well at the wrong time?
I don't have the sassy squad anymore.
I'm a paladin.
I know.
Boo.
But you have the sassy hair.
No, but Alan plays the boomkin now, so he has a sassy squad, but that's not what they're
called.
Not nearly as sassy as you're- No.
He actually is really good.
He really is a great boomkin.
He's a big fucking geek.
I'm not just saying that because he's listening.
He knows what he's doing in that game.
I don't know.
I just push three buttons.
I'm a hunter, you know?
But he's like, oh, you just do this to raise your hit cap, and blah, blah, blah.
I'm just like, what?
Speak English.
No, but here's the thing is that the beta, I started playing the beta today with my paladin
and going into some of the new Love Lady areas.
So I went to Mount Hijal, right, and started fighting some of the new monsters.
Wow got hard.
It did.
But all of a sudden, I went from having two heals to having six, and I don't know which
one to cast, and then my rep paladin is all like, oh, now you got to have holy power to
do all this shit, and oh my God, they changed everything.
It hurts.
They did, and Extifer, our buddy Extifer, he tried to heal for one of the raids, and
he's like, I couldn't keep anyone above 50% health, and blah, blah, blah.
I'm like, I don't really know what that means because I'm not a healer, but that sucks,
I guess.
I don't know.
You make it sound like it's terrible, so I guess it is, but yeah, he was saying it was
really hard.
But you know what I have?
Photon torpedoes.
Nice.
Whatever.
Well, I've got quarantined torpedoes.
Whoa.
Actually, I'm using transphasic torpedoes.
Ah, I hate you.
All right, I didn't...
Star Trek Online?
Why aren't you playing Star Trek Online?
Maybe you're bigger.
Yeah, yeah.
Because he doesn't play MMOs.
Oh, he doesn't play MMOs.
He tried playing WoW for like a week.
You know what he did in WoW?
He would hide in the Moonwell ponds and do shadow meld, and when someone would run by,
he'd go, boo, and come out of shadow meld.
That was the extent of his experience in WoW.
Why didn't he play on a roleplay server?
You know why?
Because his computer lagged so hard, he would run in place like eight times.
I had my computer at like 200 megabytes of RAM, and so it was like, I couldn't play WoW,
so it was terrible.
So that's what I did.
You know, I had to upgrade my graphics card and everything to run Star Trek Online decently.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
And the chat room's all bitching, like, oh, I don't understand what you're talking about.
You lost me after Pally.
I'm going to go play Shattered Memories and get shit on on my face.
So let me move on.
Just kidding.
Oh, and then SSG100Matt says, at least it's better than Final Fantasy XI.
That's totally true.
That's not saying much.
What about XIV, huh?
Oh, that gem.
Let's not go there.
All right, and then I played some iPhone games.
Actually, speaking of MMOs, I played a new iPhone MMO that's so much better than the
one I played last week.
This one is called I forget the name.
It's called Legends.
Wow.
I think that's short for something else.
Player Legends or Play Legends or something.
It's free.
It's neat.
It's got 3D.
It sounds unique and not generic at all.
Not at all.
But you know what?
It was free.
So I'm not going to complain.
And then I played Netflix.
You played Netflix?
Yes.
Alan and I started watching Hoarders.
Oh, my God.
Isn't that a terribly addictive show?
It's like you feel bad, but it's like you can't.
The chocolate chips, Alan.
They're chocolate chips.
Oh, my God.
It's horrible.
Well, I watch Hoarders because A, Alan likes to joke about how that's going to be us in
like 20 years.
But B, like it actually makes me feel better about myself because if you'd asked me before
I'd watch that show, like Rob, are you a hoarder, I probably would have said, yeah, I'm a little
bit of a hoarder.
But after watching that show, I'm like, no, no, absolutely not.
Oh, hell no.
I'd never let it get that bad.
Yeah.
It's pretty bad on that show.
I don't know.
You're just getting a little, I'm going to say I've known you for a while, you know.
Some of the things on that show are really, I would never let an animal die under all
the stuff.
That you know of.
I know.
Yeah.
All right.
Anyhow.
This is why Rob doesn't have a kitty.
Yeah.
Or Zach and Kelly.
Remember them?
That was different.
That was different, huh?
They had, they didn't die under the weight of crap around the house or anything.
They actually had their own little tank that they could swim around in.
It's not my fault.
One of them decided to swim right up the filter and die.
And what happened to the other one?
I flushed it down the toilet.
I don't remember.
Was it alive when you did?
No.
No.
The other one died of sadness.
I didn't feed him for a week and he was so sad.
He died.
Well, I mean, if your little fish friend just decided to seppuku up the filter when you're
just...
I don't think he's seppuku'd.
I think you bought the wrong one.
You murderer!
I bought the tank at Walmart.
That was a death wish right there.
We can't talk about this anymore.
I'm getting so sad.
Good.
I'm detecting trauma in this room.
Uh oh.
So housekeeping.
Hi.
If you like our show, you should join our Facebook club at facebook.com slash orange
lounge radio.
We also have a Twitter because that's all the cool kids do these days is tweet.
And we have a Twitter at, not a Twitter fan, the doctor.
I see you over there.
I said Twitter and you were like, no, I like the, uh, the Futurama spooper was like, here's
a twit now.
It's true.
Twitter.com slash olr.
That's where you can go.
Anyhow.
I do not have any cute shows on this game.
How about video game news, actual bonafide video game news, cause the Tokyo game show
happened this week.
So there's a lot of news out of there.
But we're not starting there tonight actually.
What a horrible segue.
Where are we starting tonight, Loki?
Ah, yes, we're starting with, this is funny cause I could have been affected by this,
but thanks to procrastination, uh, I was not.
The MMO APB, or what I like to call it, Grand Theft Auto the MMO.
More like Saintsboro the MMO, but you know, whatever.
It was a cops and robbers MMO game developed by Realtime Worlds who did the wonderful game
Crackdown and it launched in the US on June 29th and basically had players playing both
the enforcers and criminals and you know, you'd go around creating crime or stopping
crime and leveled up and so on and it was one of the big features about it was the wonderful
character editor.
I mean you could literally create all sorts of stuff with it.
But unfortunately, I guess it didn't do too well cause it's closed down already.
Realtime Worlds faced massive layoffs last month and I guess before going into administration,
which is I guess the UK equivalent of chapter 11 bankruptcy.
So yeah, they weren't doing too well and the quote on the official website is, APB had
a fantastic journey but unfortunately that journey has come to a premature end.
Today we are sad to announce that despite everyone's best efforts to keep the service
running, APB is coming to a close.
It has been a pleasure working on APB and with all of its players together we will be
building an absolutely amazing game, or we were building an absolutely amazing game and
for that we thank you.
You guys are awesome.
And the thousands of you that paid for this game just got F'd in the A, right?
Uh, yeah.
I'm not hearing a lot about the backlash.
I mean, is it just because literally no one bought this game or, I mean, it seems so strange
to me that an MMO could just get away with shutting down after three months.
It wasn't if you're really an MMO.
I mean, it's barely an MMO, especially by today's standards for multiplayer games.
I mean, it was a hundred player instances basically that you got to play in.
Can you play it offline though?
No.
Well, so if you dropped 60 bucks on this game just three months ago, you paid $20 a month
and then some for bleh.
Yeah.
That stinks.
I kind of like tabula rasa member.
Well tabula rasa lasted at least a good year.
Yeah.
I mean three months is, and it's, that's sad.
I'd rather get a hooker.
Exactly.
Think of all the things you could have bought for that 60 bucks.
I don't know.
I guess it's just kind of sad.
Remember APB last for three months, but an STD lasts forever.
Exactly.
Do we have any listeners in the chat room who actually bought APB and are kind of pissed
about this closure?
I mean, I don't know if any of our listeners are the type that get low key.
You, you talked about this game an awful lot before it came out and then you, you didn't.
I mean, did you even get into it?
I was in the beta, so I played it for a little bit.
It was okay.
It's just, it was one of those things I didn't want to buy it cause I didn't think I had
time to play it and if I had, I definitely wouldn't have had time to play it.
So that's why I didn't buy it.
It was fun to check it out.
It's too bad because I think it would have worked better as a console game, you know,
with an actual, it's just like something that should have been like a, as a Saints Row type
of thing or something like that.
You know, have the actual main storyline and everything and have like some really fleshed
out online mode where you can play, you know, either the cops or the enforcers and level
up and have a really cool, you know, character editor and stuff like that.
That's what I could have saw this being, but it wasn't.
However, all may not be lost cause apparently Epic Games is interesting, or is interested
in buying the rights to the game.
So maybe we'll see, you know, APB come back in some other form.
It'd be interesting.
I guess Eurogamer was reporting this saying that, according to the BBC, source close to
the development team, a few companies are showing interest in picking up APB's rights
and apparently one of those companies is Epic Games, of course the company behind the Gears
of War and Unreal Tournament series.
And also adding to the speculation, Eurogamer, they were saying citing Dundee development
source in real time, I guess was based in Dundee, Scotland, that Dave Jones, the real
time world's boss, and Epic were, is quite the talking, or is quite the talking point
in the town.
He says he and Mr. Rain are good chums and have worked together on many levels for years
and years and years, and he's not gonna raise much money and staff here in the near future,
so it's sounding like that maybe Epic will buy them.
I guess that's good, but still, I mean what type of precedence is this set for the future?
Like I'm still just picturing, you know, thousands, well at least hundreds of angry gamers that
bought this game, tens of angry gamers that bought this game that feel really screwed
about it closing, you know what I mean?
Okay this is the first time that's ever happened on The Sims that the shirt just disappears.
Dark Soccer doesn't prefer to actually listen to the show when it's going on.
She plays The Sims while the show's going on, and we all look over there, like at the
same time, don't know why, we just all kind of look over at her computer, she's dressing
some character right now, and it's a female character she's dressing, and we look over
there, and no top, no top on, just titties hanging out, what kind of game are you playing
over there?
Oh no, I tried to change her shirt and all of a sudden her boobs just pop out.
That's what happens.
Question in our chatroom at chat.orangeslaundry.com, or more of a statement from our buddy Segg,
I haven't seen him in chat in forever, hi Segg, watch it become like Uru missed online
and never die.
Missed online got resurrected about three or four times.
That's true.
It would be neat, it was alright, but once again, you know, doing 100 player instances
is not really an MMO, I mean, look at MAG, I mean, that's, I think, what, got 128 players
at a time?
And they all call it an MMO, they call it like an MMO, an action game I guess, or something
like that.
I think this is all an elaborate scheme to justify the online pass, because the people
who made this game didn't charge for the online pass, did they?
And so they're gonna say, because we weren't charging the $10 premium, we had to shut down
the servers.
But that doesn't make any sense, why would they charge for an online pass if they're
charging for online anyways?
Oh, I'm sorry, you have to, they don't have a used market for PC titles.
Well why not, what's stopping them these days?
I'm sorry, you gotta pay, you gotta pay another $10 for online access.
I can't play without online access.
That's too bad.
You know, every time we play these games, especially the online ones, we have to accept
like a, you know, terms of conditions, a user agreement basically, right?
When are we gonna make the company sign the company agreement when we buy their games?
You know, if I plop 60 bucks on this game, you need to keep the damn servers up for at
least a year, or you know, XYZ.
Unrealistic, yes, but this, I don't know, I just think this is a bad precedence if this
just kind of slips away and people are just like, oh well, it was a crappy game anyway.
You know, oh well.
I think they should get their money back, or people that bought it should get their
money back, but unfortunately the company has no money to give back, so, oh well, too
bad.
You do.
Live and learn.
Maybe if you have one of those like best buy replacement plans, you can go take the game
back, say hey don't work no more, I don't know, good luck, we'll see if that works.
Something that might have worked a little better had it come out would have been this
patent that was discovered by Sony last week.
It was a last gen console adapter.
Could explain why there was never PS2 backwards compatibility after of course the very, very
first PlayStation 3 console.
It was removed from the console pretty quickly to help cut down on cost.
Then there were rumors that it was going to come out on the download service, the PlayStation
network, we would see PlayStation 2 games, but that never seemed to happen either.
Well, apparently one of the tech sites over in Japan, Gigazine, discovered a patent that
was filed by Sony Japan back in February of 09, which described an adapter, and it would
serve as a bridge for older gen games to be played on a current gen console, and honestly
when I look at the picture it looks like you are attaching a PlayStation 2 to your PlayStation
3.
That is retarded.
Is it bad?
I still kind of want one.
Gigazine.
No, no, no, here's what they would do too.
They would charge like $150 for that, you know.
Even though the PS2 is $100.
Exactly.
Because they don't learn.
It's just like, you know, oh hey, we're going to release this system, we're going to call
it the PSP Go, and yeah, we know that the regular PSP is out right now for like $150
and that it can play UMD discs, but this new PSP that we're releasing, it's not going to
be able to play UMD discs.
You're going to have to download all your titles, oh, and we're going to charge $200
for it.
Oh, I'm sorry, no, $250 for it.
Smart.
Now something to keep in mind, just to be technical.
Oh, and a PS3.
That's only $299.
Pat doesn't specifically say it's for PlayStation 2 games.
It's just for older games, but if you think about it, okay, PlayStation 3 already plays
PlayStation 1 games, hmm, I wonder why this is left.
No, no, no, you need this additional adapter to play PlayStation 2.
No, it's going to play Dreamcast games and Sega CD games.
It plays HD DVD, who knew?
Wow, that's backwards compatible.
All right, so, yeah, it doesn't sound like this would be too incredibly popular if it
came out.
I don't know.
If it was the right price, I'd probably buy it.
You know why?
To save on the shelf space.
Because I don't...
How do you figure?
Because if I have to get a PlayStation 2 out to hook up, that's a whole nother AC adapter,
that's a whole nother set of RGB cords, that's a whole nother...
Girlfriend, you just lazy.
You lazy.
Yeah, pretty much.
Pretty much.
Actually, you're wrong.
It's not another set of RGB cords.
It's actually the exact same set.
But you have to move it from the PS3 to PS2.
You know what?
They probably just spray painted a PS2.
Well, that's definitely worth $150.
It is.
They're just like, oh, let's change this to an off gray.
Or you can spend, I don't know, $10 and get one of those stupid console switching devices.
What if this little bridge actually made the games better, too?
Like I don't...
Obviously, you can't change the games themselves.
Let's play Big Rigs now.
Keep in mind, Rob, Mythbusters did prove that you can polish a turd.
But it...
Ew.
This screeching hall was brought to you by Dark Sakura and her lovely insights.
What if it like, up-res the resolution of the game, and...
Yeah, that'd be so amazing.
If only a console did that already.
Oh, yeah, the PlayStation 3 does.
That's so crazy.
But not for PS2 games.
It did if you got one of the launch systems.
Well, too bad not a lot of people bought one of the launch systems.
Well, you should have done that.
Lower your standards.
Don't give me $700 or whatever the hell those things cost back then.
They were crazy.
$599 US dollars.
Well...
I don't know.
Alright, I'm over it.
You guys are mean.
It's stupid that you know it, Rob.
Everybody's picking on me.
The best part about that, though, is I have one of those systems that plays PlayStation
2 games, and I don't play any PlayStation 2 games in it at all.
I would play Final Fantasy XII,.hack, because I never did beat it, and Magic Pen Gel.
But don't you have a PS2 already?
In a box somewhere.
We've used ours to play PS2 games.
I don't want to actually look for my PS2.
I'm gonna go buy this thing for my PS3.
You don't understand.
No, I don't.
A, there's no guarantee the PS2 still works.
B, it's a whole other set of cords that you have to hook into the back of the TV.
God, you must be the laziest person.
There's no guarantee that it works, so I'm not even gonna try.
I'm just gonna drop this hundred-whatever-the-fuck dollars on this thing.
You were here the other week, when we had the 32X hooked up, and that's a whole bunch
of cables.
Yeah, but you guys are a special kind of crazy.
You know what?
We're the kind of crazy that likes to not be lazy.
How many inputs are on the back of your TV?
I mean, seriously, you don't even need to hook up anything.
You just plug them in to begin with, and oh, it's hooked up at the same time.
I hit input on my remote, and wow!
The power of PlayStation 2, brought to my TV!
I think that my TV has something like three HDMI things, and then a bunch of AV, and like
some S-video, and like the little one that you use the Switch for.
Well that's nice.
My TV's from Costco, so I don't think it probably has.
Our TV is from Costco.
That is not a valid excuse.
I've rendered your excuse invalid.
I swear my thing only has like two inputs, and an HDMI.
Well yours sucks.
You should return it.
I'm sorry that your thing only has two inputs, that's why.
Next story!
Next topic.
Well, how about, um, some more PS3 news.
There is going to be a new system update 3.42.
Why can't they just give them regular numbers instead of points, you know?
Why can't it be update number four?
Update number five?
No.
Because right now they'd be at update number 62.
They're bitches.
Because the whole number updates are for major, major, major updates, and this is just, hey,
we're adding Blu-ray, or, you know.
Well, the next one is 3.5, because we just got 3.42.
And this one is going to add 3D Blu-ray movie support, since it can already do 3D with games.
And that date is actually out for the Japanese market on September 21st, but I guess it's
going to be after?
And you'll be able to watch tens of movies with that.
Or like, literally I think there's less than 20 movies out there that have 3D Blu-ray.
Can I just say, fuck 3D.
Like, I'm so over it.
We actually have one of those 3D TVs and 3D Blu-rays at our work, because our Sony rep
came in and we had this really nice Samsung TV up on the wall, and he's like, that's not
a Sony TV.
I'm getting you a Sony TV.
And it's going to be a 3D TV.
Tell your Sony rep to get me a TV.
Do you watch Avatar?
No, well, we can't.
That's not 3D Blu-ray.
Like, seriously, the only 3D-
Because that will be in the super extended Uber James Cameron's cock Blu-ray edition.
Well, okay, well, until then, though, all we have is Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs.
That's like seriously the only damn movie that's in 3D.
Which is also James Cameron's cock.
Just by the way, don't-
His meaty balls.
Cloudy with a Chance of Balls.
Cameron balls.
Don't watch Resident Evil Afterlife, and especially don't watch it in 3D.
It was awesome.
Why didn't you like that?
I want to see it.
You're kidding, right?
No, I liked it.
You're being facetious.
Tell me you're being facetious.
Tell me.
My head's gonna explode.
No.
But, no, that would be one of the only movies that I would actually want to go see in 3D,
because you know it's gonna be ridiculous.
You know?
Okay, did you go see it in 3D?
It's just like going to an amusement park.
Okay.
What did you not like about it?
Well, okay, the movie itself was fucking ridiculous and stupid.
The 3D was obviously the added on 3D.
It wasn't shot in 3D.
It was shot in 3D.
It was?
Yeah.
They actually, even when they were writing the script, they were writing with 3D in mind.
When they were writing the script of Dawn of the Dead.
They used the same cameras as Avatar did.
It was this big deal.
Wow.
No, but, okay.
That's cool.
We actually, we went and saw that, I went and saw that actually on, uh, last week, um,
with the D-Box seats.
I don't know if you've heard about those.
The motion seats that actually move and rumble and stuff.
It was cool.
Okay.
Well, that might have added to it.
And here's the thing, though.
I don't really play the Resident Evil games, so for me, this movie is kind of like, hey,
look, it's almost like The Matrix, but not, you know?
So I don't know if the storyline ruined it for you, because I could, I couldn't care,
you know?
Yes.
The storyline was stupid.
And, okay, the extent of the 3D stuff was just, oh, look at this blood flying in your
face.
Oh, look at this building.
It's crumbling, and some of the crumbles are falling in your face.
There was nothing, like, exciting about it.
Maybe I'm just an old crotchety woman that doesn't like 3D, which is entirely possible.
There was a lot of gimmicky stuff in there, like, a lot of, like, throwing stuff at the
camera.
Hey, I'm throwing my glasses at the camera.
No, but that's, like, one of the only movies that I would go, okay, that's in 3D.
That makes sense.
But, like, Eat, Pray, Love.
I mean, that doesn't need to be in 3D.
Was that really in 3D?
I'm gonna pray.
And I was extending my folded hands forward.
No, and just the movie itself was really stupid.
Like, literally, it was Dawn of the Dead, except with, like, Resident Evil people.
Oh, geez, spoilers.
Oh, my God.
You've seen it before.
Didn't we go through this whole 3D craze back in the 80s, with, like, Jaws 3D?
I don't know.
I was, like, five.
Well, I think, okay, right now, Sony, they were kind of bad for doing it.
Before with, like, the PlayStation 3, when it first came out, it was, like, $600, and
they're like, well, that's because that's Blu-ray in it.
Well, everyone complained, I don't give a fuck, it's $600.
I'm not buying it.
It's because they're kind of jumping, they're trying to push the technology too much.
Just like 3D TV, I'm glad you're supporting 3D with your games, and I'm glad you're supporting
3D Blu-ray, because probably you have a little bit of an investment in it since, I don't
know, you have a lot of Blu-ray stuff, you are your own movie company and whatnot.
So obviously, they're trying to invest some of that in there, but it's really not viable
now to buy a 3D TV or a 3D Blu-ray player, because there's hardly any content for it.
And if you just wait, it's going to get damn cheaper anyways, and there's probably something
better going to come out.
You know, they're going to come out with TVs that don't require stupid glasses on you.
Let's go to our chatroom at chat.orangelaungeradio.com.
Salacious Pop is in chat and follows up the comment about Eat, Pray, Love, and 3D, saying
Julia Roberts' mouth in 3D would be a sin of technology.
Ah, see, 3D bad.
There's this picture I sometimes see on Oh No They Didn't, and somebody needs to link
it in chat.
I'm like, Alan, find this picture.
It's like, it's a picture of Julia Roberts, but it's been photoshopped to really exaggerate
her horse mouth.
And it's really scary.
Like, it makes her look like a zombie.
Surety has an exaggerated horse mouth.
I don't want to see the picture.
It's so scary.
No, don't do it, Alan.
No.
Somebody will find it for me.
SSJ100Matt says, Rob's still waiting for Showgirls 3D.
True story.
Oh my God.
Actually, you want to hear a true story?
I bought Showgirls on Blu-ray this week for $18.
It was on sale.
Wow.
That's awesome.
I want to go watch it.
We should have it.
I should come over.
We should have a Showgirls party.
Let's do it.
I want to watch the TV version.
And we'll have brown rice and vegetables, Rob.
We'll have a whole little Showgirls party.
It'll be fun.
Yay.
Ah.
That is seriously a movie that needs to be in 3D, though.
And...
Eat, Pray, Love.
No, not Eat, Pray, Love.
Showgirls.
Well, actually, not even.
Yeah, yeah.
Showgirls.
No one wants to see that movie.
I want Saved by the Bell 3D, then.
No, because they had, was it the Piranha 3D or whatever, and they had a whole bunch of
like, oh, it's a wet t-shirt contest, you know, type of stuff.
So we need more of that with less of the piranhas.
I mean, the piranhas are cool and all, but I mean, you don't need to mix them both together.
Yeah.
Like, Nomi's nipples are going to be coming out into your face.
But can you imagine, you know, the really weird thrash sex she was doing?
You know that in 3D?
That'd be some scary stuff.
That would be scary.
People would be like, ah.
What the fuck is that?
You gonna die?
Watch.
I know what's happening in this movie.
You gonna die.
Ah.
Rob, close it now.
I hate it.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Times a million.
No.
I found the picture I was looking for.
Or one of them.
Oh, my God.
Hold on.
This is terrible radio.
Let me leave this nerd shack.
What is going on?
I don't know, but I lost the don't shit my pants game.
Why is that like, Enzite guy there?
No.
Okay.
I just.
Cover it up.
Cover it up with that window.
Move it, Rob.
Don't.
Ah.
Just Google.
Okay.
Or not Google.
Go to photo bucket.
Because they let you search your pictures and search for Julia Roberts.
Gif.
Gif.
Julia Roberts.
Gif.
And it will come right up.
It's like the first image.
It's hilarious.
Oh, my God.
Let's see.
Um.
Spazinator PSN says, I wouldn't mind seeing Angelina Jolie's boobs in 3D.
Just saying.
You know, wanted might have been kind of cool in 3D, because they tried to do some 3D ish
kind of things in that.
I could see that working.
You know, with a movie like that, that's just like this movie is like so hetero.
It's dick has a dick like type of thing.
Yeah.
That's weird.
That's not very hetero right there.
I would not fuck a dick that had a dick.
That would be awkward.
Yeah, I'm like, I gotta go now away from your dick.
You know what I mean, though?
I guess.
That would be weird if, like, the bullets went around your face in 3D.
I almost got shot.
Yeah.
You know what I'm going to do?
I'm going to post that Julia Roberts gift to our Twitter and just see what we're past.
I'm going to see who's not listening to the show right now by seeing the responses we
get.
Okay.
And in the meantime, did it work that at that?
So, back to the Doctor and the Princess Show.
Well, now that we're done with that topic, let's talk about Halo Reach and its shortcomings.
Halo Reach is an awesome game, but somebody didn't test it well enough, and that somebody
would be Microsoft, because Halo Reach has problems playing on the brand new 4GB Xbox
360 slimmer system.
It's funny, because apparently co-op requires a hard drive in order to work, which is dumb
to begin with.
The 4GB of storage that's on those new systems is kind of classified as a memory unit.
So therefore, despite the fact that you have adequate space to store whatever files they
want you to store, it still won't let you play co-op.
And same with USB memory sticks.
Those also don't count.
Those are still thumb drives or memory sticks or whatever.
That's not a hard drive.
Not close enough.
So you're still going to have to play solo or play online.
You have to play with yourself.
Apparently though, Microsoft has said that they're aware of the issue, and this is going
to be a temporary issue.
The company is working to resolve it.
But seriously, come on, man.
That should have been something that you should have tested first.
Let's try playing this on each of our SKUs, especially the ones that have just come out,
and let's see if it works correctly.
On one of the biggest games for our company, that might be important to do.
Just a little bit.
Or maybe they're just trying to upsell those bigger console bundles.
Let me buy your stupid 4GB system and then I have to buy your really expensive hard drive
to plug into it because normal hard drives won't work, despite the fact that it's a normal
hard drive, but formatted differently.
Fun.
Totally.
Why can't you just allow anybody to put their own hard drives in there?
Just like Sony.
At least they have that going for them.
Alright well I'm going to move on to another story here about a website called Good Old
Games and a lot of interesting developments that's going on today.
After hearing about the developments I kind of hesitate even bringing up this story on
the show in the first place, but it's kind of bold what's going on.
Well Good Old Games is a website located at GOG.com and we brought them up on the show
before.
It's a website where you can buy old games like the King's Quest series and just like
old PC games from back in the day for like 5 bucks or 10 bucks and it's all DRM free.
Like Fallout 2, just older PC games.
So it's kind of like legalized abandonware basically.
For companies that still want to sell their old games.
Well they shut down today and posted a notice on their website that says, we recently had
to give serious thought as to whether we could really keep GOG.com going the way it is.
We've debated on it for quite some time and unfortunately we've decided that GOG.com simply
cannot remain in its current form.
So the website, a lot of news sites kind of post about this, oh this is such a good idea,
made this thing legal and you know it was good karma to buy the games and stuff and
now they've shut down.
Oh it's a bummer to see them go.
But now it's coming out today, did they really shut down or is this all a marketing ploy?
And that is apparently the latest news that is coming out is that this is actually a marketing
ploy about their change from the beta version of GOG.com to the full version of GOG.com.
And in an article that Kotaku ran, they actually got an update from spokesman Tom Ohle, O-H-L-E,
Ohle?
Ohle?
Well he's kind of an a-hole if this whole thing turns out to be true, saying quote,
as the message on the site says, this doesn't mean that GOG is gone, we'll have more to
share in the coming days.
It's kind of bootsy, I don't like that.
It's just, here's the thing, and I even commented this on my Twitter when this whole thing was
going on, it was like, you know, more people are talking about GOG.com today than they
probably ever did during its run, and it's kind of one of those, well you know they had
a good idea, but if they weren't really selling the games, how are they going to really stay
in business?
You know it's kind of a bummer that people decided to start carrying today.
Well what's interesting is that now the whole thing might have actually been a media hoax.
So on one hand you got to kind of go, lol, that's funny, good job, you got the press.
But on the other hand, to your loyal customers who are kind of freaking out about, are the
games I bought still going to work, how am I going to re-download these games, you know
your core fan base is going to feel a little bit used after something like this.
So it's like, yes you get the exposure, but at what cost?
I felt very used on Rob's network.
Have you ever bought a game on GOG?
I didn't think so.
Yeah, Spassinator PSN in our chat room says, good ol' games, bad ol' decisions.
That could be accurate.
You alright?
Yes!
Nothing happened at all.
Yes, we're good over here.
Good, good to hear it.
The core definitely didn't fall out of the microphone.
Nope, nope, it stayed intact.
Wow.
Loki, what do you think?
I know you probably weren't a big advocate of this site in the first place, but what
do you think about this as a marketing trick?
As a marketing trick?
That's cool that we're all talking about you, and then when you come back you're like,
ah, no, we're not really going away, everyone's like, okay, no, we're not talking about you
anymore, no one cares.
I think it's, in terms of marketing, because keep in mind there is no such thing as bad
press really, it gets people talking.
Here's my suggestion, and I know there's a handful of sites out there that listen to
our show, for inspiration I'm sure, not to trash us on their blog every week, but here's
the thing, if you cover the story about them shutting down, and you want to really get
revenge on these guys and their little marketing tricks, and how they're using you basically
to get free advertising for their site, cover the story about them shutting down, and don't
cover the story about them reopening.
And then punch them in the dick, and the guy will be like, ole, my dick.
If you want.
But no, seriously, because if nobody covers the story about them reopening.
Then this little marketing thing kind of bit them in the ass, didn't it?
Food for thought.
I know if I ran a website such as the aforementioned Kotaku or Joystiq, I just wouldn't run, I
would say, you know, I'm not your little press release releasing bitch, so I'm not writing
the story about you guys reopening or launching the new site.
Good luck getting the press on that one.
P.S.
You suck.
And some quotes in our chat room, MXT says GOG has died, SEG says GOG had jumped the
shark, and Spazinator says more like fuck the shark.
I'm actually not sure exactly how one fucks the shark as opposed to jumping over it.
It's like, aye, aye.
Wow, Rob.
Bend over, shark.
That doesn't show your age.
Dark Sakura, please, won't you help us change the subject?
There are other subjects, definitely.
It was spoken, actually, it came up on Twitter.
Katsuhiro Harada, who is the Tekken director guy, he posted on Twitter, TGS September 18th
at Togeki booth, I'll announce something, colon D. Smile face.
And we actually don't know what it is yet.
It's Tekken Tag Tournament 2.
Sorry.
Yeah.
Are you not excited about Tekken Tag Tournament 2?
I wasn't excited about the first Tekken Tag Tournament.
No, I think that's what it ended up being, yeah, he's right.
You know I still have to play it, because it's Tekken.
Sorry.
Well, I mean, wasn't there like, in the 3D Street Fighter series, didn't you like, not
like the first game but the second one was okay?
Things like that?
In the EX ones?
Yeah.
They're alright, I'm just not a big fan of the Tekken Tag series, I mean, did they make
it better than the first one?
Whoa, your mic cut out, sorry, I didn't even realize we just had big dead air, sorry about
that.
LAH!
Okay.
So Tekken Tag.
Tekken Tag, if it's better than the first one, then yeah, I won't be disappointed, but
I don't know, the first one was really not all that great, except for Tekken Bowl.
Well, here's my thoughts on it, that it's probably just gonna be, since they're developing
a tag team tournament, you know, sort of engine for, you know, Tekken X Capcom, you know,
the Namco version of that, it'll probably just be based off that, except it's not gonna
have any Capcom characters in it.
Which, if you ask me, is kind of lame, because, you know, when you play Tekken X Capcom, you're
just, you're gonna want to play that game versus, you know, the other one anyways, so.
It's sort of like, what's the point?
Uh, yeah.
It is.
And apparently, that game will be hitting Japanese arcades in 2011, and it is an updated,
I guess, it is a follow-up, of course, to 1999's arcade original, updated with new roster,
and current gen graphics engine, doesn't say that the US version has been announced yet,
but they have a nice little teaser trailer that's up right now.
Well, you know they're gonna have a US version.
Well, I mean, if this is an arcade game, that's kind of good news, I guess.
We've had some, a few stories in the past few weeks about good news for arcade games,
you know?
Like, they're getting some things that the consoles actually don't have just yet, although,
it's probably inevitable this comes out for consoles as well, but.
Well, I hope it does, but I would really like to see, um, if it did get an arcade release
in the US, you know I'd play it.
Like I said, I don't think if it does come out console, or if it does come out, uh, yeah,
console-wise, it's not gonna take that long to port it over, because, like I said, they're
building an engine already for, uh, the, you know, Tekken Cross Capcom game, so, uh, or
Street Fighter, I guess.
It's, it's gonna be the same damn engine, I know it.
SSG-100 Matt in our chatroom says it actually looks like the same system as Tekken Cross
Capcom, so.
Yeah, and that, see, that's the sad thing, though, is since, you know, they have that
game coming out, it's like, uh, you know, I could play that game, but I'd rather play
the Capcom one, or the, not the Capcom, the Street Fighter one, because it's got, you
know, more variety of characters, you know, and now you have this one.
I just hope they don't put it, bring it out in console, just leave it in the arcade or
something.
But put all the characters, though, in, you know, the Street Fighter one, too, so that'd
be kinda cool.
Alright, let's travel around the world and talk about some games that are coming out
a whole lot sooner than Tekken Tag Tournament.
Uh, this week, not a whole lot coming out in the US, uh, it's actually pretty light,
but next week it'll be pretty nice.
Um, starting off, though, this week we have Swords on the Wii, it is a sword fighting
game.
Uh, looks like a re-release of a game called Chicken Blaster, with a stupid shotgun with
that.
Fun.
Uh.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Is it a chicken fighting game?
One more time, please.
Chicken Blaster on the Wii, and it comes with a shotgun?
Yeah, a little shotgun attachment.
Yeah.
Okay, okay.
It's a really small shotgun, I, I know, I know, oh, okay.
The doctor dare says that Wii gaming is dead.
How could you?
You're wrong, sir.
How could you?
You are wrong.
You just need Chicken Shooter.
Chicken Blaster, okay.
Chicken Shoot was the first game.
Chicken Blaster with your small shotgun.
Get it right.
Um, Sid Meier's Civilization V coming out on PC.
Yay.
Uh, new carnival games on the DS and the Wii, uh, yay, um, looks like, what is it, um, World
Golf 2011, that's also on PC, um, Patrician, I think that's, Patrician IV on PC, I have
no idea what the hell that is, uh, Formula One 2010, coming from, well, what was formerly
Codemasters, now Warner Home Video Games, that's on Xbox 360 and Playstation 3 this
week, uh, let's see.
Tinkerbell and the Great Fairy Rescue on the DS, a tie-in with the new one coming out.
Yay.
Whoopty shit.
Uh.
Come on, OLR listeners, how many of you bought Fancy Nancy last week, that's what I want
to know.
Chirp, chirp.
Ah, Sony, once again, not quite getting it, but High Velocity Bowling for Playstation 3.
High Velocity Bowling, yes, you may remember this as the Playstation Network title that
came out originally at $10, probably now $5, but hey, guess what, you're gonna pay $40
for this one now.
This one has move support, right?
It does have move support, but I think the old one was getting patched for move support,
I think.
I could be wrong, but, uh, that would be ironic if that was the case.
Um, Midnight Mysteries, the Edgar Allen Poe conspiracy, for the DS.
What?
Farm Frenzy?
You know what, I was about to make the same joke I know I made on this show, like, four
weeks ago, so this game had to have gotten pushed back, because I was gonna say, I will
buy that game, quote the raven, nevermore.
No!
I know I made that joke four weeks ago, and you all groaned then, too.
I'm leaving.
Uh, Farm Frenzy Animal Country, yay, ah, that's for the DS.
Club Penguin Game Day for the Wii, um, Gormiti the Lords of Nature, thank you, Konami, for
this wonderful game on the DS and the Wii, and I'm being sarcastic, it's not wonderful
at all, uh, Jewels of the Tropical Lost Island.
God, this game list is shitty as fuck, man.
This is the great thing, is that, low-key, like, whenever we do the US release dates,
it'll be like, yeah, you know, Halo's coming out this week, and then we have on the DS,
Fancy Nancy, and, uh, looks like we've got Jewel Questathon, and Chicken Shoot's coming
out on the Wii!
No, but that's my point, though, I've been waiting for, like, two years for, like, good
games to start coming out on the Wii again, and I'm like, okay, Zelda's coming out next
year.
You know what, you can come over and play Tatsunoko vs. Capcom with me.
That's not, well, that's on the Wii, yeah, I played that.
That's a fun game.
That's about epic yarn.
Well, that's not out yet, see, that's what I mean, that's not out yet, and that looks
like a good game, shut up, that does not sound like Fancy Nancy.
But before that, Wii Party.
Did you see that they actually got the idea for the Kirby game from an old Kirby commercial
that Nintendo had made using yarn?
There is some decent stuff coming out this week, and we're also going to end with some
crappy stuff, um, as if we haven't already, um, was it, uh, Etrian Odyssey 3, the Drowned
City on DS, that's a pretty good RPG from, um, Atlus.
Final Fantasy XIV, the collector's edition, coming out on PC this week.
I think you get that earlier than the regular version, I guess that's special.
Wait, and how much, how much are you going to pay for Final Fantasy XIV to play it early?
Seventy-five dollars.
Good lord, that's a lot of money.
Also, uh, also this week, Darksiders, uh, on PC, and, um, and I believe that's it.
Alright, uh, before we go to Japan, let's go to the, and their release dates, let's
go to, uh, some of the comments in our chatroom at chat.orangeslauncerated.com, um, Spazinator
PSN says, wait, wait, wait, did Sky just say chicken shitter?
What the fuck?
Actually, that game would probably be a whole lot more interesting, um, yeah, chicken shitter.
Mark Toagak says, Fancy Nancy goes to the strip club.
Can I take a tangent for a minute?
Tangent train, absolutely, 100%, has nothing to do with video games whatsoever, but it
does have to do with strippers.
Okay, yes, you can.
So, I went out clubbing last night with Alan and we met, you know, some mutual friends
and met up for dinner and went to one of the bars downtown and we were sitting at a bar,
a table that is right by the window, so you can look out onto the street and see what's
going on.
And we watched this, there's a really popular gay bar across the street where all the little
like circuit boys and all their little, you know, the women that want to go see the horny
guys and stuff.
That's, that's the club they all go to that I outgrew many, many, many years ago.
I know what you're talking about.
Yes.
You know exactly which place I'm talking about.
Anyone who lives in Sacramento knows what club I'm talking about.
So we are sitting at the place across the street looking out the window and we see this
gigantic bus pull up in front of it and inside the bus is like all these disco lights and
like green neon lights going on and we look carefully in the bus.
There's a stripper pole inside the bus.
That's awesome.
And I'm like, what in the hell is that?
And my friend speaks up and I don't remember if it was Alan or my friend says, oh, it's
one of those stripper buses.
I'm like, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
They have that now?
They have traveling, like put on your seatbelt, strap herself to the pole.
How does that rock?
What?
It's not a stripper bus.
It's a limo bus.
And the reason we, this is funny, uh, we last week, um, we did our game summit thing and
we, one of the days we went out, uh, they took us to a few wineries and they did wine
tasting.
Well, they had two different limo buses, they had a shorter one and then they had a larger
one.
And the other one had a stripper pole in the back.
So it's just, it's just a bus, but I mean, hold on, hold on.
We need, if we're going to talk about party bus, we need party bus music.
Brilliant.
I approve.
So yeah, so they do have a stripper pole in the back and I suppose if you were to rent
it, say for a bachelor party or something, you could have strippers performing.
Now granted, it might not be the safest thing for them to be doing, but, uh, sure, why not?
So finally the lights go on in this bus and there's like, I shit you not, like 50 drunk
chicks all piled in this bus and like, it's like, it's like the lights went onto the club
at 2am and they all just start pouring out the front of the bus and go on into a little
gay club.
And that's why I stopped going to that club also, Rob, because every Friday and Saturday
night it's like, let's let all the straights in.
And there was like two gay people there and I was like, what is going on?
I haven't been there in like six years now.
I'm sorry, but I would just, I was just fascinated.
Like what if that bus, I mean that bus was a big bus and it was taking up an entire lane
and surely it doesn't turn well.
And I'm just thinking like, what if that bus gets in an accident?
You're going to have just drunk chicks pouring out the windshield.
They won't know because they're drunk.
So it doesn't matter.
That is a, that is a terrible thing.
Having a bunch of drunk chicks inside of a bus with the stripper pole, geez, that would
suck.
Well, and then all the skanky slutty twink boys that you were nice enough to call the
circuit boys, all the skanky slutty snotty twink boys that are faces won't even know
because they'll just be like, whatever.
I like how I went out of my way to not give the clubs names and then you're just like,
uh, Oh, this is interesting.
Okay.
Tiger call linked us a picture here in chat of a stripper bus.
This must be in Nevada.
It's one of the advertisement.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's, it was close to that though.
It was close to that, but it looked a little bit more like a regular stripper bus that
looks like a billboard, a regular stripper bus or a regular bus making distinctions between
types of buses.
Anyhow, interesting.
Okay.
We should go to Japanese release date stripper pole.
That's just a pole so that you don't fall over.
You hold onto it, you know, in lieu of a seatbelt, you know, let's go to the Japanese release
dates, but we're going to make them a little more interesting tonight.
That's going to read them in Korean.
Here come your Japanese release dates.
Devil May Cry 4 gets a price reduction in Japan, September 22nd, Singularity makes its
way out to the Xbox 360 in Japan at of course being the localized version of the Activision
game that I believe came out here a little while ago, the party keeps on rolling onto
the PlayStation three at some point.
Hey, there's a lot of games coming out on the Xbox 360 PlayStation three gets Devil
May Cry four price reduction there as well and Singularity as well as winning post seven
2010.
Good times.
Wow.
I know.
I have my pre-order on that right now.
On the Nintendo Wii out in Japan this week, we have, it looks like nothing.
What a surprise on the PlayStation two.
Also nothing.
How about on the Nintendo DS?
There's a game called Jacka Jacka music comes out this week.
Whoa.
Are you sure that's not jack Jacka Jacka music.
I got your Jacka Jacka music right here.
Excuse me.
I'll be right back.
What the hell is Jacka Jacka music?
Tell me.
I don't know, but I'm going to go Jacka Jacka all night long.
I'm trying to look at the music or the, it looks like it's just showing you chords and
this looks really boring.
I think I'd fall asleep.
I get it.
If you Jacka Jacka before bed, you'll fall asleep easier.
And then on the Sony PSP this week, do rah, rah, rah, I shit you not, that's the name
of the game.
Do rah, rah, rah, three way standoff.
Whoa, three way, wow, Rob's having a moment comes out this week and there's three way
action here.
It always is experimental.
There's other PSP games coming out, but I'm done.
They're not doing rah, rah, rah.
No, you're not done.
I closed it.
That's okay.
Cause I have a good name for you, Rob, for something that comes in on the 22nd death
spank thongs of virtue for our UK releases.
The chatters are pointing out do rah, rah, rah as an anime.
Yes.
So about three way sex amongst school children on the 24th we have blue dragon awakened shadow
on the DS dark siders for PC dead rising to guitar hero warriors of rock, um, lost horizon
quantum theory.
I just liked that name, quantum theory, Sid Meyer, civilization five for PC and test drive
unlimited two and track mania two all for PC, Ooh, Navy seals.
All right.
Are we ready to get back into some gaming news?
Why not?
Yes.
This is coming from the show because again, because, um, Alan said I have to play this
link on air cause it has to do with the stripper bus.
Okay.
So this is a video from the onion.com.
Oh God, I only know where this is going to go again.
This is coming from the onion.com.
Uh, let me, let me stop you real quick because you did miss once and she didn't want to talk
about it.
What I missed stuff.
Um, there is a Ryoga, uh, gotoku, uh, shin show.
Um, it's, it's the, uh, Oh, great.
And now I can't remember the damn title.
Uh, the Yakuza on the PSP came out this week as well.
That's a little bit of a big title for Japan.
Can I talk about the stripper bus again?
Talk about the stripper bus.
If you're just joining us, we are covering a developing story.
We go back now to Southern California where a VH1 bus crashed just a short while ago,
revealing more than 2000 pounds of slot on the interstate five-year Palmdale.
The bus was transporting contestants for the new VH1 reality series, the road to Knoxville
in which 18 scantily clad young women vie for the heart of divorce stuntman Johnny Knoxville
officials there are struggling to control the spread of slot, which has already polluted
the roadway and is spreading now down a Hillside into residential areas.
Let's go live to onion news networks.
Brian Scott, who's live on the scene, Brian, what's exactly going on out there?
Well, it's just horrible.
Anna, the highway here was not pristine to begin with, but now it's covered in all of
this orange skinned slot.
I've only been here an hour.
I've already seen four three way kisses and six tattoos with misspellings and downwind
the stench of perfume and tequila mixed together is pretty difficult to stomach.
It sounds like quite a scene.
Brian, I understand that the sluts had been loaded onto the bus in Huntington beach early
this morning.
Is that right?
That's where it began.
Yes.
The sluts were being transported from a negligee wearing rock climbing contest there to a girl
on girl paintball match when the crash occurred.
There's speculation.
In fact, the accident was actually caused by some slut leaking into the front cab on
the vehicle and getting on the drive and see now the local fire department is just not
equipped to handle something this toxic.
The problem is that we're very close to the San Gabriel river and officials are concerned
that the sluts might go skinny dipping in it or think it's a hot tub and make out in
it.
We should say to the crews, they're doing their best.
They're just trying to keep these sluts contained with impromptu strip offs and shooter contests
in the ditch.
Finally.
Now we've just gotten word that VH1 issued a statement.
It's on their website.
It says they are fully committed to the safe handling of sluts, but the EPA has urged VH1
to use perhaps a more diluted form of slut than this highly concentrated slut they use
now.
Yeah.
Sounds, uh, sounds like good stuff, but I don't think VH1 is gonna ever go for that.
Brian, stay safe out there and don't fuck any of those sluts.
All right, thanks.
Moving on.
A new Apple laptop become preloaded with a half written coming of age knob.
I fucking love the onion.
Did you see the one they did about, you have to understand that was what we saw last night.
No, I just right here in Sacramento.
Okay.
Rob, we get it.
Just say it.
Okay.
I love the onion too.
Me too.
Do you see the one about the impending, uh, a flood from Folsom dam and then creating
the Memorial for it and talking to the first person who dies in the flood.
Actually, you know what's funny, Matt and I, the, the old apartment we lived at, I mean,
we can say this now cause we don't live there anymore.
We used to live in an apartment, the old studio.
This was the studio from about episodes, what about 50 to probably like 150 were taped at
the apartment.
We're looking, I used to live together, which was right next to Folsom dam.
We live in this little apartment complex was literally right next to it.
And you know, if that dam ever broke, we'd be looking down on all the people getting
flooded out cause we were on top of the Hill.
Ah, good one.
Rob.
You're so you have so much concern for other people.
Hey, video games.
Yeah.
Loki.
Yes.
Help.
Let's talk about games.
Um, Nielsen, uh, the wonderful agency that talks about, you know, different ads and you
know, entertainment trends.
Uh, they did a study of the six EA sports titles, um, including NHL 10 and be a live
or nine, um, that had in game ad advertisements in them and a guess, um, apparently they increased
household dollars, um, spent on, um, different things by 24%.
Uh, one of them that they looked at was Gatorade and that was, uh, I guess the case there.
It's interesting.
I don't, I don't know.
I don't buy that people, you know, they see Gatorade on a billboard in the background
that they're going to really go and buy Gatorade.
I think a lot of players that play sports games for a long period of time, maybe perhaps
like drinking, you know, Gatorade or soda or whatever, and it's just a coincidence if
you ask me.
But, um, apparently they have a press release out and, uh, summarizing the different things,
um, including, I don't know, like if they cover Axe body spray or something like that.
That'd be interesting.
Actually, um, Nielsen's been running, um, studies on our show here at orange lounge
radio and it's showing that, um, after tonight's episode, it looks like, uh, we had an increase
33% of our listeners decided to go to six flags after tonight's show.
It's something else.
All right, I'll stop.
All right.
But yeah, they said the out of, um, I guess the, the panel of, uh, 100,000 households,
uh, representing the U S population according to the, I guess their home scan panel or whatever
says scanned, uh, video game, uh, UPC barcodes.
The scan barcodes were then matched to a reference library, more than 14,000 video games.
Nielsen compared the households that purchased the least of one of the studied games before
and after the Gatorade branding was integrated into the games.
The test group, uh, with the households that didn't purchase one, um, one of the games,
the control group, it says the test and control groups are projected out abroad, blah, blah.
See here it says, um, well overall they noticed that there was a 24% increase in sales after
that.
So you know what you just did?
You just opened the flood gates for them to like, you know, put in all sorts of ridiculous
stuff and way to go Nielsen.
And trust me, it's going to get ridiculous as we will get to in part B. Oh, good.
Ridiculously cool though.
I have to say, so, uh, and honestly, I think when we do talk about this, this is how you
do the advertisement because it's fucking awesome.
Now you got me all curious.
All right.
We're, we're going to be talking about Sega game.
Ooh, goodie.
All right.
Uh, moving on to a story about a lawsuit, but this is the end of a lawsuit.
Hooray.
As most of them usually end up finishing, it's the end of a 2008 lawsuit that never
went to trial.
Yes.
That's how long these things take to settle.
Who is in the lawsuit?
It was Konami and harmonics.
It was a lawsuit launched by Konami.
Uh, there was a filing in a federal court in Texas this week and the two parties agreed
to dismiss all came claims and counterclaims.
It was a suit over harmonics is rock band infringing on patents that were owned by Konami
because of course, Konami had guitar freaks many years ago, et cetera, et cetera.
Rock bands, rock revolution.
Well, remember they said rock revolution failed because the, the rock band two stuff.
Well, among other things that was maybe like, like a little sliver, like half a percent
of the reasons why anyhow.
Uh, there was also a 2009 countersuit via com actually filed it on behalf of harmonics
that was dropped in a federal court in Boston.
So that means Konami and harmonics officially kissed and made up, but we will never know
the details of it because the terms are sealed.
Was there tongue?
Perhaps.
We will not know because it's sealed.
A slut bus was involved.
I'm told actually, and they were all playing dance masters and with a stripper pole strip
masters.
Anyhow, now's the part of the show where we're going to let dark Sakura take over and, uh,
delve into the classic video game vault and, uh, choose a game for us that she thinks,
you know what?
You little brats, you should be playing this game.
It's classic video game of the week, dark Sakura, which they'd be playing is super Mario
brothers two, sweet, which, um, I actually have to think, um, Tara for suggesting super
Mario brothers, but I wanted to do super Mario brothers too.
I was actually surprised.
You have never picked this before, but you haven't.
Yeah.
You've done three, but never two.
Super Mario brothers two wasn't actually a super Mario brothers game originally.
It was called Yume Kojo Doki Doki Panic, which was also on the Famicom disc system and had
an intro and an ending.
But the intro music sounds very familiar.
It's so cute.
Oh no, the kids get sucked into a book.
Little monkey boys running away.
I don't know what the little monkey is about.
He just is there.
Oh no, we four people are randomly showing up in these children's bedroom.
Let's jump into the book.
Not creepy at all.
No.
Now let's flip the disc over because like I said, Famicom disc.
So anyway.
Um, what do you want to hear?
Doki Doki Panic music?
It's the same thing.
Yeah, pretty much.
Although it's funny, some of the sound effects are different and they did, uh, uh, other
sprite swaps like these weird looking head things were there, but they turned them into
mushrooms and yeah.
And this one, um.
So you pulled heads out of the grounds instead of like, you know, no different cause that'd
be really cool.
You pull the vegetables out of the ground instead of these masks are sitting there instead
of the mushroom blocks.
At any rate, um, the whole thought that Nintendo had was that the original Super Mario Brothers
2 that came out in 1986 was too hard.
Oh no, American players, which is stupid because Japanese RPGs are ridiculously easy to start
off.
Did you ever play Final Fantasy 7 in Japanese?
Uh, not gonna.
Freaking easy.
No.
It's like hit dead.
Hit dead.
So easy.
But it is very, very hard.
The original Super Mario 2.
Oh yeah.
The Mario, when it came out as lost levels here on the, on the Super Nintendo cartridge,
um, the All Stars or whatever, it was really hard.
Yeah.
Beat it eventually, but it was, it was a hard game.
Well, um, so what they did is, um, they took, uh, Doki Doki Panic and they, uh, I guess
resprided it with the main characters and changed a few things.
Like, they, because I guess there was more capacity to do stuff on the cartridge, they,
um, they actually just, uh, could put in some more graphical elements.
And of course, one thing that you'll notice listening to the two, um, different tracks
is because the sound processor is just a little bit different for the games on disc versus
the games.
Like, if you ever listen to Legend of Zelda on disc from the disc system, the music sounds
different.
I mean, it's the same music, but it's, it uses different instrumentation, but anyway.
And different sound effects, um, like, uh, like the bird thing squawks differently and
it doesn't have the bonus game, like that has a different looking bonus game.
Um, anyway, uh, so they did this because it was gonna, you know, they thought it would
be more popular and that it would be, be, uh, you know, fun and easy and, and since
then it actually came out in Japan in 1992 as Super Mario USA, um, which came out with
Super Mario All-Stars.
So, we each got something fun.
Um, but so yeah, you walk around and you throw potions down, which in the, uh, original,
in the Doki Doki Panic, it's, uh, magic lamps, because it has sort of this, I guess, of Arabian
Nights kind of theme in all these other levels, but you get your power-ups by going into these
little reverse universe things and in Super Mario, um, 2, the, of course, our US one,
you can play as Mario, who is like the all-around average dude, or Luigi, who is, uh, I always
called him crazy legs dude, because his legs spin, but he jumps higher than anybody else.
And you can play Toad, who, by the way, is not useless, you play Toad when you need to
dig a lot, because he digs faster, or when you're trying to get those extra power-ups.
Who was a chick in Doki Doki Panic, right?
The blue character was a girl, wasn't it?
That was, but that wasn't Toad.
That was Mario.
Oh, my bad.
Yeah, um, and then you've got Princess, who was the pink chick with the hair and pants
in the Doki Doki Panic.
But she can float, though.
Yes, she can float.
Um, but Toad can't jump for shit.
Anyway, you get POW blocks, which blow up things, and they're really fun.
And, um, it had a life meter, which was unique for Mario game, you know, instead of your
different sizes.
But it was really stupid, because, like, if you lose one of your little segments there,
then, um, you have to kill, like, a certain number of enemies so that you can get a heart
to come up, and then you, you know, whatever, you will refill it.
Um, also, to get your star.
And I have to thank the irate gamer for this analogy, because it was spot on.
You have to get, like, five cherries, and then your star will show up for your invincibility,
except it takes forever to get to where you are, unless you're at the very bottom of the
screen.
And the way he described it, you have time to take a shit before the star arrives, which
he proceeded to do.
And I have to thank him for demonstrating that.
Wow.
Yes.
Um, anyway, you, if you, uh, pull up the little, uh, plants in the little reverse universe,
then you get coins, which you can use for a bonus game, which is basically, like, slots.
And there, there's a pattern to it, and I used to always be able to get the pattern
where you'd always get them to match.
But it's-
It seemed like if you hit the button really fast, you could usually win it.
It was, it was like, for me, it was like, you hit one, and then you hit the next two
twice as fast.
It's, it is, it was like a duh-duh-duh was my rhythm.
And I always, and I always got it, so, I guess it depends.
Um, of course, if you also hit the button, like, really right away, like, after you've
gotten a cherry, then you'll always get a cherry on the next one, so.
So I would have, like, 50 million lives by, by the time I was done.
Um, you've also got little, uh, warp zones, where if you throw your little jar at the
right spot, it goes down.
Ooh, you got audio issues going on.
Um, were the warp zones in Doki Doki Panic?
Yes, they were.
Interesting.
In fact, if you watch the playthrough, um, cause I linked a playthrough for Doki Doki
Panic.
Which is all you need to see of Doki Doki Panic, really.
It really wasn't the better game.
Like, a lot of people are like, oh, you know, it was the original, duh-duh-duh, but they
made improvements when they brought it over here.
Yeah, well, keep in mind, they had more, if I'm right, they had more storage capacity.
The only thing that we're missing is the dinky little intro, which you had to flip the disk
anyway to start off with, and then flip to play the game, and then flip to go back, and
flip and flip and flip, and whatever, got tired of flipping off.
So, but yeah, all the, all the warps and everything were there, you just throw them where there's
a particular jar, you go down the jar, boom, you're somewhere else.
And I love this little trick for, what is it, 6-1?
Yeah, if you hear the sound, like, going crazy in the background, it's cause they're doing
this trick where they go under the quicksand, and then jump, jump through the wall type
of thing.
Yeah.
It, that was, that was always one of my favorite tricks.
And there's also one in the very last level, where if you climb up to one screen in the,
in the final castle, and then you let yourself fall and then jump, you will actually can
skip, like, a whole bunch of screens.
Although for me, I was, like, playing everything through.
So, yeah, uh, it was, uh, they actually were planning on, um, releasing, uh, Doki Doki
Panic in the US at some point, but they actually just didn't.
And so they, they, you know, one thing about this, though, is that the reason why it does
kind of fit in musically, and with sound effects, is cause the, um, the soundtrack was composed
by Koji Kondo.
Oh, okay.
So it's very interesting to me, like, how much this ended up kind of just becoming a
part of the Mario mythos, if you will.
Like, you know, later Mario games had some of these characters that first appeared in
really Doki Doki Panic kind of crossed over into the Mario universe, especially like some
of the, I want to say, like, uh, the second Yoshi game on Super Nintendo, like, a lot
of those monsters kind of were from this game.
Yeah, because it was so popular that they really just ended up incorporating it into
the whole Mario branding, I guess.
As much as you might want to think Nintendo was kind of rude for dumbing it down, it really
worked for them.
It did.
On multiple levels, in this case.
It was interesting to me, though, just real quick, sorry, I know you have more you want
to say, but, um, it was really interesting to me how this game really fit into the very
odd 8-bit sequels that were nothing like the originals, in many ways.
You know, you had this, you had Castlevania II Simon's Quest, which was a huge departure
from the original, Zelda II was a huge departure from the original, it was very interesting
how a lot of games, you know, were so different back then.
It was just how it was done, you know, I think it was more of a desire to innovate and keep
people interested, but one thing that, you know, and I think that's what they finally
end up realizing is that people usually like the original games for a reason, and kind
of want to keep them around, although, I remember playing this game, I rented it when I was
a kid, and was just like, see, that's where you can go over all the screens, and I was
just sort of like, what the crap, Nintendo, what'd you do this to me for, what's this
ostrich thing spitting eggs at me, and then I liked it.
Um, so, at any rate, um, we, uh, later on, there were the re-releases, there were Super
Mario All-Stars, which was really sweet, and then, um, there was, you remember the Satellaview,
Mario was a, uh, Gaiden version that was, um, Super Mario All-Stars on Satellaview,
and it, it was called BS Super Mario USA Power Challenge, and so it ran in weekly volumes
like all the other Satellaview games.
Um, then we got Super Mario Advance, which was, um, the Super Mario Brothers 2, which
actually was a lot harder, but it had some innovations that kept the game fresh, I think,
for a lot of people.
I, I really liked it.
And so it's, uh, Super Mario 2, or as the original was, because I, I think I'd have
to lump the games together, is that it was, uh, Yume Kojo Doki Doki Panic.
And actually, since I'm talking about that too, um, they did a Mario-style poster based
off of the original cover for Doki Doki Panic.
And the characters that were in there, um, was-
I just want to point out in the time you've been talking, someone beat Mario 2 here on
YouTube.
Yeah.
That's pretty amazing.
I gotta say, that's pretty amazing.
And by the way, I was-
You cut out again.
You cut out again.
You scared to us.
That mic is, is getting dated.
I, no, the mic is new, I need a new cord.
Yeah.
At any rate, um, Imogene was, um, the, one of the little Toad-looking characters.
And then there was Mama, who was the one in the blue, that was Luigi.
And then there was Lina, who was the pink princess harem girl.
And uh, Papa, who, who became Toad.
And he actually, um, I think became a, no, the, no, I'm wrong.
Forget I said anything.
Anyway.
Okay.
Um, oh, now here's the differences, um, different title screen.
And then, um, the story takes place in the storybook instead of in the dream world.
And um, you have a save feature, because it was on the disk system.
You cannot run with the B button.
There, like I said, different music changes, different graphical changes.
And you need fewer hits to hit wart in Doki Doki Panic than in Super Mario 2.
The waterfall is faster than in Super Mario 2.
And of course different sound effects because of the, uh, the number of pins between the
Famicom disk and the full-size NES cartridges.
And there you go.
So it's sort of a split one.
We have, it's Yumikojo, Doki Doki Panic, and, um, Super Mario Bros. 2.
All right.
There it is, your classic game of the week, Mario 2, here in the US, or Doki Doki Panic
overseas.
Good pick.
One that I'm sure a lot of people remember.
All right.
We're going to take a break here at Orange Lounge Radio, but don't go anywhere, guys.
We're going to be right back.
There's plenty more to come tonight in part B of our show.
We're actually going to get into some more of the news that's coming out of Tokyo Game
Show.
We didn't do a lot this segment.
We've got plenty more to come.
Of course, your calls and tweets and emails, of which I'm sure there's plenty.
We're going to get to all those.
And more Rice Princess and the Doctor.
Yay.
Maybe.
If I don't kick them off the show.
Yes, it's going to happen.
All right.
No, they'll be here to tell more poop jokes when we return.
With more of Orange Lounge Radio right after this.
And welcome back, everybody, to the second half of Orange Lounge Radio, live here at
All Games Radio, www.allgames.com, where we do tape live every Sunday night, 6 o'clock
Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
Going back over to Dark Sakura for a minute here, because she was talking about something
during break that I thought was fascinating.
You mentioned you were telling Rice Princess about some documentary you've been watching
lately.
What is this?
It's not a documentary.
I'm watching a Japanese drama from 2006 called Gal Circle.
That's about these, like, these girls that, you know, are homeless and live in Shinjuku.
They quit school to go be Para Para dancers.
And they hang out in this warehouse and, you know, leech free food wherever they can find
it.
And it's a, it's a cute show, but like one of the characters is, um.
What the hell?
I'm listening to something, coming from the living room, that's like, Dan's watching the
Angry Nintendo Nerd.
Oh God.
Anyway, um, so, but like the whole thing starts off with these, uh, US troops dropping somebody
on, on, uh, Shinjuku.
And it's this guy dressed up as a cowboy named Shinosuke.
Cause you know, all Americans are cowboys.
From Arizona.
And he lives the Indian lifestyle and he's good friends with Geronimo, who is this Japanese
guy in Arizona dressed up like an Indian.
And he actually looks the part.
Sounds amazingly racist, I love it.
And this little girl named Momo, who, they're all like speaking random English.
It's hilarious.
So it's not a documentary.
It's just, it's just a dramedy.
It's a dorama.
Oh, okay.
And but it's like this guy completely knows nothing of Japanese life and he's teaching
the girls these lessons through his innocence and.
And they teach him the magic of dance.
I'm on, I'm on the fourth episode now out of 11 and it's, uh, it's pretty funny.
I don't know how I miss this.
Yeah, I think I'll watch more Hoarders.
All right, Rob, teach me the magic of dance.
Excuse me.
Sorry.
Not time for Twitter topics yet.
Be quiet.
All right.
Hey.
I was listening.
I was at the club the other night and I actually heard a song and the lyrics were, and the
song is called commander and the lyrics were tonight I'll be your commander and I command
you to dance.
That's where that came from.
Yeah.
That was my favorite.
A little bit homosexual.
Just a little.
Was it, was it commander or commander command like a Commodore 64 commander better?
It was no.
When I tell you who it was singing it, that's how you'll know how homosexual it was.
You ready?
Yes.
Kelly Rowland.
Wow.
Like the not Beyonce, but yeah, Beyonce, the other chick from Destiny's Child.
Yes.
Exactly.
I can't believe it's not Beyonce.
Hey, video game news.
Oh my God.
Who knew we did that on this show?
Uh, a lot of quick video game news tonight.
Holy hell.
There's a lot of quick news tonight.
And um, I believe Loki has a story starting off about fantasy star, but I want to say
this first because this somehow did not even make our show roll, which is a travesty.
Fantasy star online two teased in a trailer this week at Tokyo game show.
What in the world?
I know, right?
The, because it's the 10th anniversary of fantasy star online and they have announced
that next year they're going to put out fantasy star online two for PC.
I'll play it.
But it's not on console.
That's weird to me that it's not on console.
I'm wondering what they're going to do with it.
They're still getting to MMOs on consoles.
I mean, at least like the PlayStation three and Xbox 360 because so far this generation
there's been Final Fantasy 11.
Wasn't there another one on 360?
Oh, fantasy star universe.
Haha.
Yeah, sort of.
But that had a more of a single player component to it though.
It wasn't just an MMO.
This shut down.
The game would still be playable.
It's like a really bad anime.
All right, sorry.
I didn't mean to derail your story, Loki, but I had to throw that out there.
Before the break, we were talking about advertisement and games and you know how it's kind of terrible
sometimes.
Well, this is how you do it.
Damn it, because I couldn't think of a better way to possibly advertise in the game than
how it's done in fantasy star portable two.
What, may you ask, is actually the case with this?
You can play Colonel Sanders in fantasy star portable two.
That is awesome.
Wait, wait, wait.
Like a playable character?
Like a playable character.
Like the Colonel is there to kick ass.
Back from the dead with his secret recipe of 11 herbs and spices.
I read some story that like most kids under 18 don't even know who Colonel Sanders is.
Like, oh, but he's going to come and bitch slap him in the face now.
Now you'll remember me forever.
No, but seriously, it's, um, they put him in the game and this isn't a big surprise
because actually, I believe it's in the upgraded version of fantasy star portable two.
It's infinity, I guess.
And the original fantasy star portable two actually had pizza hut stuff in there with
like a pizza hut box shield.
Oh hell, you know what that means coming in the next fantasy star game is Taco Bell.
Make a run for the PSP.
Or the noid comes back as a playable character.
Dude, the noid would be awesome.
I'm sorry, but if anyone's seen the anime project Aco, you don't mess with the Colonel.
It's the Colonel.
Oh, that's so ridiculous.
Lee awesome.
It is awesome.
So instead of casting like the typical like ice fire bolt spells, you'll be casting like,
you know, Mac and cheese and mashed potatoes, heart attack, grease fire, KFC bowl, double
down the, the bowl that looks like poop, wait, wait, wait.
That's nasty.
And they have pictures of him attacking stuff.
So I'm trying to see what he, look, it almost looks like, and I kid you not, and I don't
understand this, but it almost looks like he has a magic wand.
Like he's fucking Harry Potter of the, you know, fast food world or something.
Um, he's like hitting some, yeah, seriously looking like he's bitch slapping someone right
there.
Uh, this is all on Famitsu of course.
I got it one more here cause it looks like he's throwing a fireball or something.
Uh, God, I love the Japanese.
Yeah, he's got like, seriously, he's got like a magical wand.
I mean Colonel Sanders, dude, you put your name in the Goblet of Fire, going to our chat
room and chat that orange lounge radio.com, um, SSG100 Matt says, gravy heel, please.
Uh, Vid, Vid Power says, when are they going to make a fighter featuring the Arby's oven
mitt?
Uh, DDR dollar bill says you're Juan Sanders.
Is it made from chicken feather?
I seriously think a great, cause you know how Burger King does their stupid, like, you
know, Burger King games, which I will, by the way, fucking rad, which is by the way,
when they do release their Kinect games, I'm buying all of them.
I don't care how terrible they are, because they're awesome.
Seriously, KFC needs to come up with like an original game where it's like, oh, kids
don't know who Colonel Sanders is, he's back to kick some fucking ass with his magical
wand.
He's a fucking ninja, that's what he is.
Ooh, I'm back from the dead, ooh.
He's gonna battle Voldemort as well.
Is it bad that your little thing is blinking red?
Does that mean it's gonna explode?
Nah, it just means the battery's low.
Okay.
This means I won't have internet after a while.
I'm so worried.
Alright.
It means the time bomb's going off.
Oh no.
I'm in my house.
This show will self-destruct in 30 seconds.
You brought Burger King into my house.
Hasn't it already?
Yeah, it's alright, anyways, I should finish my downloads when I get home, cause this is
so slow.
What are you downloading?
Apps.
Wow.
I'm downloading the two Monkey Island apps.
Oh.
Sweet.
But I thought those, that's not like a 4G router?
No, it's just 3G.
Oh.
I don't know anything about it, sorry.
Next story.
But yeah.
I'm sorry, it's just so awesome that we have to keep talking about the kernel.
So Halo Reach, of course, you know, one of the big things with Halo, and it's kinda become
infamous because of it.
The horrible people on Xbox Live, and it's a lot of little kids that really shouldn't
be playing-
I love when you start off the horrible people on Xbox Live.
It really, there's just a bunch of little kids that have no, should have no business
playing this game.
They're on there playing this game.
So if you run across some douchebags that are playing the game and being jerks online
and you mute them, if enough people mute them, they will just be auto-muted by everybody.
So you won't have to listen to them over a period of time, so.
But they just like to call people fun, amazing guys.
Yep.
Uh, yes.
Wow.
I praise your heterosexuality.
We are friends.
So that's available, of course, now.
And then, apparently, who would have thought, the PSP2 is in the works, and in fact, the
Mortal Kombat developers have a development unit of it right now.
They say it's a pretty powerful machine, and that they will be working on games for it,
and they said it's, they don't even have a 3DS yet, but apparently they have a PSP2.
Perhaps the PSP2 will be launching next year, soon, hmm, maybe?
So I guess we'll have to wait and see what they do to enhance stuff on that.
Wow, newsflash, a PSP2 is in development, shock and awe.
Yeah, but the news is that they- File that next to Duh, and of course.
But the news is that they have a unit, and that it would probably be close to be releasing.
Next year's E3.
I'm sure it will be next holiday.
For next holiday.
Alongside Shattered Memories 2, the next winner of the E3 game.
Brought to you by Orange Lounge Radio, three games analysts.
Ah, yes.
Analists, sorry, analists.
And Red Faction Armageddon is coming May 2011 next year, and of course that'll be the next
big game from the Saints Row developers.
And speaking of Saints Row, they will be putting out a new Saints Row game next fall.
So sad.
So far away.
I love that game.
I know you do.
It's so terribly awesome.
It really is.
Well something maybe you could play in the meantime would be PopCap World, because PopCap
and NCSoft have teamed up to bring you PopCap World, oh boy, because you have NCSoft who
makes those highly addictive Korean MMOs, and then some of the ones over here too such
as Ion and Guild Wars.
And then PopCap, makers of virtual crack, like Pagle, Plants and Zombies, and Bejeweled.
PopCap and NCSoft have come together to bring PopCap World.
This platform will be launching later this year.
It's going to be operated by NCSoft, it's going to feature 13 PopCap titles at launch.
It's going to be free, with optional premium paid elements to be added later.
It's going to have Bejeweled, and Plants vs. Zombies, and an all new multiplayer game called
Super Zuma.
Here's the other thing you should know about this, it's only for Korea, so it's not coming
out here.
Why the fuck did you tell us, Rob?
Because I just want you to know what you're missing out on.
Super Zuma, by the way, was quote, built exclusively for Korean players.
So Super Zuma apparently uses Starcraft characters.
And the screen is very narrow for their eyes.
Stop it.
Hey, I can say it, I'm Asian.
You can say it.
Yes I can.
Alright.
So yeah, that's going to be interesting.
I'm surprised they won't release that here, but maybe Facebook games are doing well enough
for them here.
Did they ever release the Zuma game on Facebook?
I don't know.
I think they did zoom on Facebook.
I think they were going to.
They were going to do zoom on Facebook, and then of course there's Bejeweled.
And now it's all about just cross-promoting their iPhone apps, that's how they're making
money.
Loki, do you have Plants vs. Zombies on your new iPod Touch?
Yes I do, it's very fun.
Awesome!
Oh yeah, I played a little bit of Plants vs. Zombies this week.
For the first time.
Can you believe I've never played that game before, and I finally played it this week
on Xbox Live?
Crazy, I've never played it.
It's crack rock.
I mean, I've played a zillion and one tower defense games before, it's just, you know,
this is another one.
But it's cute.
It's pop-crack.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
Hey!
Speaking of other crack games, some people really love these games.
Muramasa, the Demon Blade, and Odin Sphere.
Yeah, these games are being remade in HD if rumors are to be believed.
This is only rumor right now.
The re-releases are highly likely for Xbox Live Arcade and PlayStation Network.
Here's the giveaway.
They're being listed by the Australia ratings board as multi-platform.
Hmm.
Odin Sphere, of course, was originally on the PS2, Muramasa on the Wii.
That would be kind of awesome if those games were re-released.
The Last Guardian finally has a release date.
Holiday 2011.
You might remember, this was the game they showed, I think, in a trailer.
Didn't they show this for the first time, like, last year's E3?
I don't know.
But they finally showed it at Tokyo Game Show.
Another trailer.
Oh.
This is the Aiko show.
Yes.
The Colossus continuation.
Yes.
Holiday 2011.
It looks epic.
I mean, I gotta say.
I'd play it.
Yeah.
It has a big, cute sort of puppy thing.
Mm-hmm.
I'd play it.
Well, there's a whole little trailer here that was from Tokyo Game Show.
I'll play a little clip here.
I don't want to play the whole thing.
But you can see...
Excuse me.
Sorry.
I watched this the other day.
Look at that.
There's that giant puppy thing.
I don't know what the hell it is, but I'd play it.
It looks like it's gonna crap on that guy.
Probably because it is.
Silent Hill is the poopy game.
It's a dog, so...
All right.
Speaking of Aiko and Shadow of the Colossus, the collection that's been rumored for the
past couple weeks, it's true.
It's HD remakes coming exclusively to the PlayStation 3.
They're also in 3D.
Wow.
But whatever.
At least they're 2D as well.
Yeah.
They're coming to the PlayStation 3.
They won't name a release date.
They're just saying soon, but of course the retailers were rumoring April 2011.
Sony Computer Entertainment America actually confirmed later spring 2011.
So it's coming.
There's box art and everything, and there's a trailer for that as well.
The game looks sexy as hell, and I'm gonna admit, I didn't really play these games the
first time around.
I watched Loki play one of them.
I watched a certain unnamed person play them.
Really?
Yeah.
Are they hot?
Yeah, all that Aiko is is this girl making a stupid noise following you, and then Shadow
of the Colossus is like you're climbing a guy and killing him.
I don't know.
I mean, I'm sure it would be fun if you played it.
You make these sound so stupid, but they're like some of the highest critically acclaimed
games.
You know, when you watch it, it's like, I don't know.
It was boring to me, but I think if I played it, I'd probably like it better.
Comment from our chat room from Spazinator PSN.
Does that puppy thing remind you of the Luck Dragon from The Never Ending Story?
Falkor?
Fuck yeah.
Kinda.
Didn't he always sound like he was high?
Falkor?
He's like, oh yeah, scratch my ear.
Also, get me some munchies, could ya?
I've been laying here for like six hours really high.
Sorry.
Derailing.
No, that's okay.
It happens on the show as well.
So where is Frank West in Dead Rising 2?
He isn't showing up in the game and, you know, Frank West, of course, was the main character
in Dead Rising 1.
Well, he's been found.
He's covered wars, you know.
What?
I said he's covered wars, you know.
That's right.
He's coming to a new game called Dead Rising Case West.
That's right.
It's an epilogue to Dead Rising 2.
Aha!
So Dead Rising Case 0 was the prologue.
Case West will now be the epilogue.
Get it?
Cool.
That's why you've seen photos of the two characters standing next to each other.
Case West is gonna be a download title.
It's gonna be exclusive on the Xbox 360.
It will have co-op play where one of you is Chuck and one of you is Frank.
Cool.
Sorry to my gay friends, but no word about hot man-on-man action with the Chuck and Frank.
Boo!
Next topic.
Okay.
No gayness in this one.
On that topic, does Dark Star, you've heard of the Doctor Who game, right?
Yes.
And, you know, considering how the Russell T. Davies is like the head of Doctor Who,
do you think there'll be any man-on-man action in the game?
We need Captain Jack in it.
We need Captain Jack and the 50 million gay kisses he has on Torchwood.
Yes.
Yeah.
Oh, you've heard about the new season of Torchwood.
Hold on.
The gay alarm is going off.
The show got too gay.
What?
What?
Good job.
Sorry, John Barrowman.
We're in Rob Network.
We're going down the homosexual limit.
That's right.
We just got an order from the police department of Sacramento to turn down the gayness a little
bit, please.
All right.
Man up, guys.
Too late.
Too late.
Well, how about some other news, Rob?
Yes.
How about Marvel vs. Capcom 3 has characters that make me absolutely absolutely mad.
Absolutely.
Really, really happy.
Horny.
Wow.
I thought this was what she was going to say.
Wasn't going to go there, but all right.
I said happy.
X-23 is in the game.
That makes me happy.
As in the chick clone of Wolverine, who's actually kind of awesome.
And hot?
Dark Sakura hot?
I guess if you like.
So then you would be a little horny.
I'm just kidding.
I would bite my butt, Rob.
And of course, you know, we also have Tron Bon in there.
And also other characters announced for Street Fighter IV.
This is pretty cool, is Yun and Yang.
So pretty cool.
From Street Fighter III.
I think that's pretty cool.
They were fun to play.
And Chun-Li.
I do not like Chun-Li.
She's in every fucking Street Fighter game except the very first one.
Fighting Street.
And then IGN found a game breaking bug in a certain game that we like to complain about
sometimes.
Even though I don't think any of us in here have played it.
Metroid Other M. I just know it's crap.
3D Metroid.
I'm not passing judgment until I play it.
And Rice Princess doesn't like any of the 3D Metroid games.
So she's biased.
I also don't like horseless carriages and metal birds.
Who are you?
At any rate, the bug, if you are in Sector 3 and a certain door stays locked, you'll
be locked there forever.
You're just stuck.
You're kind of like there being no boss at level 30.
And Nintendo did confirm it and they said that right now the only solutions are to load
an earlier save or start over from the beginning.
What a solution.
They haven't said anything about fixing it.
They're like, duh stupid, just restart the game.
That also happened in the...
And the best part is they can't fix it because the Wii doesn't patch games.
No, but that also happened in...
There's a potential that they can patch it through a firmware update.
Oh, interesting.
They can't.
Poop.
Oh yeah.
Poop.
Well, and good news.
Good happy news.
Where's my...
What are you gonna do?
Rob.
What?
Hi.
Fanfare.
I don't have a fanfare.
Hold on.
Well then sing it.
Poop, poop, poop, poop, poop, poop, poop.
Thank you, Irene.
Okay.
You're welcome.
Why don't I?
I'm getting your fanfare music.
But we already did it, Rob.
We're done.
You don't need to do it anymore.
It has the stamp of Irene on it.
Yes.
Hold on.
Okay, here's your fanfare.
I knew it.
One of the best shooting games ever.
And it's Tres-Ar goodness.
And I have to say it's Tres-Ar, because it's treasure.
Iridion Silver Gun, yay, is going to be on Xbox Live Arcade, yay.
And it'll be out in 2011, exclusively on Xbox Live Arcade.
It will have updated graphics, online co-op, and an Ikaruga mode.
Ikaruga?
Oh my.
And then that means that I don't have to spend $400 to play it at home.
Just some Microsoft points.
That's always good.
The last time I played Ikaruga was on an arcade machine in Las Vegas.
Wow.
So that was a long time ago.
The last time I played Ikaruga was one of the boss fights in Tournament of the Champions.
Not Ikaruga.
Radiant Silver Gun.
Last time I played Radiant Silver Gun.
Oh, okay.
And I touched a Saturn copy at California Extreme.
It was pretty.
It was expensive.
They wanted like $600 for it.
No, that's California Extreme!
Extreme!
Thank you, Eddie.
Extremely nerdy.
It was awesome.
So Radiant Silver Gun, Dan, we're getting this!
He's so excited.
How about Twitter topics?
No.
Okay.
Uh, every week we read your tweets at Twitter.com slash OLR, and I forgot to ask for them tonight,
so we have very few from tweeters who remember that we do this every week.
Rob, fail.
That's all right, we'll do it with you.
Well, if you want, if you wanted to get in a tweet and you forgot, you could hurry up
and send an email, because I don't think Dark Saga's opened the mailbag yet, so you can
hurry.
Yes.
Dope.
All right, uh, let's see.
Twitter.com slash OLR.
Pot Culture sent a tweet.
It actually isn't really directly related to the show, but I thought it was interesting.
He says, sorry gang, not gonna make the live feed tonight, playing a bit of Phantasy Star
Portable 2 then calling it a night.
By the way, code required for online multiplayer in PSP 2.
Now it looks like Sega's jumped on board with that whole thing.
Yay.
Blue Swim sends us a tweet with a story about Microsoft believes that Kinect will blow away
iPad sales.
What?
Good luck with that.
Totally unrelated product comparison.
I know, right?
Seriously?
I don't see how that's gonna work.
Christmas gifts, maybe?
I don't know.
Well, I could see that because, you know, the Kinect is only 150 bucks.
The comments coming from Kudosunoda of Microsoft saying this, quote, the preorders have been
really strong.
As far as what we're looking at for holiday, this is going to be stuff that'll blow away
any of the sales you've seen with the iPad.
This is in a remarks to Gamasutra.
The Xbox 360 is already selling better than the Wii and Sony right now.
Kinect's really just going to boost that to a whole new level.
And my television will outsell my car.
I think that they're comparing numbers.
I think all they're doing is comparing numbers.
And then Aaron Greenberg joins in saying, quote, we believe this will be the biggest
launch in our history for Xbox.
We will sell more Kinect sensors than we did systems at Xbox 360 launch and like such as
in the maps and the Iraq.
Here's kind of a side related question.
Do you guys think that Xbox actually is not planning on another system in the next couple
of years?
Let me get to that a minute, but first, A, they're going to sell more Kinects than Xbox
360s at launch because there weren't any fucking Xbox 360s available at launch.
Remember?
Never forget.
There was like no 360s anywhere for like six months.
They were in very limited supplies.
I see what you're doing there, you little...
Liar.
Yep.
All right.
Now, what was the other question?
I'm sorry.
Well, they've kind of alluded to this is they're not coming out with a new system for a while.
I'm wondering if that's just a bunch of crap.
Actually, I believe it.
I think the gap is going to be a little longer than you've seen in years past.
I think though the seal is going to get broken probably in the next couple of years.
I think Nintendo will be the first to do it, but next year they're going to be riding the
wave of the 3DS, but I think maybe the year after that they're going to name the Wii successor
and I think that'll kind of be the first in a wave.
Probably Microsoft at about two years will announce their successor too.
I think the reason why you're seeing a lot of updates to current consoles going on is
because A, it's all about the digital distribution and upgrades.
B, it's because of the economy and people don't have $400, $500, $600 to jump on a brand
new system.
I know what they're going to release next.
Uh-oh.
What?
They're going to release the Xbox 360 that doesn't get the red ring of death.
That'll be their new console.
Technically, they did release that new Xbox 360, don't call it a slim, but the slimmer
360.
Uh-huh.
That's out now.
More breakable.
No, it can't red ring because it doesn't have rings.
Oh.
Clever.
Well played, Microsoft.
I'm onto you, though.
No, it also has its senses and if the internal parts are getting too hot, which causes that,
it actually shuts the system down before it will red ring.
Wait, wait.
Oh, wonderful.
That's the worst solution ever.
Oh, man.
Or as Frisbee in chat calls it, the Xbox 360.
Oh, guffaw, guffaw, guffaw.
Oh, good one.
Here's the thing, though.
Don't be too excited for the next consoles because I'm going to tell you, especially
probably from Sony's camp, the next series of consoles, one of them's going to get ballsy
and it'll probably be Sony.
Totally digital distribution.
Just wait.
Okay.
It's a digital distribution.
Then the games better be cheaper.
They won't.
I don't care.
Hey, we've got more tweets from Tiger Claw.
A what?
Hi, Tiger Claw.
I'm looking at Matt over here and he's got the mic rested on his chin and he's working
on his iPad touch, so it's multitasking over here.
Anyhow.
I'm playing Plants vs. Zombies.
Tiger Claw and Link, speaking of Apple and apps and stuff, they rejected the Onions shoot
people point blank in the face game.
What?
Why?
That's really too bad.
There's actually a little trailer here that you can watch.
Okay.
My fantasy.
Oh, this is a whole little, hold on, they're showing it at first.
We're about to have a photo of Loki playing.
But apparently the Onion wrote about a fictional first person shooter.
It's called Close Range and you just repeatedly shoot people and animals point blank in the
face.
Wait, that's a game?
You mean that's not every first person shooter?
Video game fans are lining up today to be the first to purchase Close Range.
The hotly anticipated video game in which players repeatedly shoot people point blank
in the face.
Onion News Network tech trends reporter Jeff Tate has more.
Thanks Bobby.
Close Range is already being hailed by critics as the most important game of the year.
The first person shooter creates an immersive richly detailed world where players shoot
people in the face with guns.
Reviewers say it brings a new level of depth to gaming.
Just like great literature film transports you to different worlds, Close Range transports
you to a world where you fire bullets into an endless stream of faces.
Fans say it's the game's well developed characters and storyline that make Close Range so compelling.
You just feel like you're inside this complex character who's thrust into a world where
he has to blow people's heads off.
The plot follows AJ, a man with a mysterious past who must explode hundreds of thousands
of human faces on a quest to save his kidnapped brother.
Who are you?
Someone who can help.
I know where your brother is.
Tell me.
Look out!
But Close Range's single player story is just the beginning.
Its outstanding multiplayer mode offers unparalleled interactivity by allowing players to blast
each other's faces off.
It's completely open-ended.
You can shoot someone in the ear, but you can also shoot them in the eye.
With hundreds of hidden extras like side missions where players can take a break from shooting
people in the face to shoot animals in the face, Close Range will keep players from floating
in the face.
And with the sequel, Close Range 2 Chainsaw Dawn continuing the epic story next fall,
Close Range fans have even more to look forward to.
For the Onion News Network, I'm Geoff Tate.
Thanks Geoff.
Wow.
That was pretty amazing.
And I know that probably made for horrible radio, but they really did show, they really
did show people like shooting at Close Range face, and then there was a horse and an ostrich.
I just, I don't see the difference, isn't that every first person shooter game?
Ga-faw, ga-faw, ga-faw.
Anyhow, the Onion actually made it a game and submitted Close Range to sell on the App
Store.
But Apple, I would have bought it, shit.
But you know Loki's looking it up right now.
No, I already saw that news report.
We'll check the jailbreak for us.
Apple rejected it due to violence.
However, they have, the Onion has revised the game and resubmitted it.
But good luck.
The iPad and iPhone App Stores prohibits apps portraying realistic images of people or animals
being killed or maimed, shot, stabbed, tortured or injured.
That didn't look really realistic.
That's awesome.
They must be on lots of crack to have that be their idea of realism.
Hey, also from Tiger Claw, I know he wants us to know that the SingStar Dance Track List
is out.
That's right, because now, with thanks to the PlayStation Move, not only do you get
to sing, but you get to dance in SingStar.
Yay.
Irene's really excited for my next SingStar party, aren't you?
Totally.
I can't wait.
Well, here's some of the hits you can do in this new game for SingStar Dance.
In Sync, Bye Bye Bye, Blondie, Heart of Glass, Cyndi Lauper, Girls Just Wanna Have Fun, Gwen
Stefani, Whatchu Waitin' For?, Casey and the Sunshine Band, That's the Way I Like It, La
Rue with Bulletproof.
That's a popular one.
Lady Gaga with Poker Face, New Kids on the Block with Hangin' Tough, Paula Abdul was
Straight Up, Real Too Real with I Like to Move It, The Backstreet Boys with Everybody
Backstreet's Back, and Irene's personal favorite, The Black Eyed Peas with Shut Up.
Shut Up!
Nuh-uh.
Great.
That's awesome.
I'm pre-ordering that game right?
Never.
Alright.
That's it for the Twitter topic.
Sorry to those folks that didn't get their tweets read.
You'll just have to tweet us a little faster next time, won't you?
Back to some gaming news.
Loki, I hate to tear you away from Plants vs. Zombies, but I'm thinking you might want
to read some stories for our listeners.
Sure, why not.
Or we can just watch more Onion videos all night.
Onion Lounge Radio, really.
You know, whatever.
It's better.
Uh, EA apparently has not received significant backlash to their online pass.
Remember, the online pass is part of their Project 10 dollars, which is the dumbest name
for a project ever, and it charges 10 dollars for access to online games, or online modes
in games, if you purchase the game used.
It says, people know that bandwidth isn't free, so the fact that we are diffusing online
costs isn't seen as unreasonable.
That makes no sense, I'll just say.
In other words, people aren't complaining enough.
So complain more.
That's a dumb excuse.
They're all, oh, bandwidth's not free.
Well, here's the thing.
They say it just like that, too, bandwidth's not free.
No, they say it more like this, bandwidth's not free!
Well, here's the problem, though.
People bought the game new to begin with.
So if, say, I bought a game for 60 dollars, and then sold it to Rob, or, you know, sold
it back to GameStop, and then Rob bought a used copy, okay, there's still the same amount
of people playing online, potentially.
But, you see, they were robbed of the 60 dollar new game that that person might have potentially
bought.
It's still the same amount of people playing online.
They wouldn't have bought because it's 60 dollars, they buy used games because they're
cheaper, and they probably would have just pirated it.
Do I have to go down to their fucking offices with a basket of apples and show them, okay,
if I give you an apple, or, okay, how many apples do you have?
You have one apple?
Okay.
Say you sell the apple used back to GameStop, you have now zero apples.
I don't think GameStop buys apples.
It doesn't matter, okay?
Although I'd like to see you try.
Okay, so.
Yes, I'd like to sell back this apple.
Um, sir, we don't buy apples.
So, EA, I purchased this apple from you, okay, for 60 dollars.
You have my 60 dollars, okay?
I take this apple and give it to my friend, Rob, okay?
Rob has not paid you 60 dollars, but he'll be using this apple to play online.
I will no longer be playing online with this apple because I don't have an apple anymore.
How many people are playing online with this apple?
Wait, wait, wait, but you said you brought a basket of apples, so you actually have like
20 more apples sitting in the basket.
Exactly, and I've paid for all those copies of the games, Brandon.
I want to see these amazing online apples.
I'm just gonna go online and download the apple for free.
That's what I'm gonna do.
It comes down to it, that's just a dumb excuse.
That would be like saying, um, oh, let's see here, Rob, um, you know, I went ahead and
made this nice dinner out of food that I purchased from the grocery store.
However, for you to eat that dinner, you're gonna have to pay that grocery store 10 dollars
because, you know, they lost out the sales of you purchasing food from the grocery store,
despite the fact that they still have the same amount of food in the grocery store,
you know, regardless.
They've lost no money.
I will not.
My voice must be heard.
The problem is they're not fighting, they're basically just, you know, saying, oh, well,
you know, bandwidth costs money, and gamers are like, oh, okay, that makes sense.
Instead of going, wait a second, I paid them for that bandwidth already.
Going to a chat room at chat.orangesontraday.com, Spassinator PSN says, that's like GM complaining
that a car dealership sells used cars.
Dark Tetsuya says, wow, I haven't heard Loki say Apple this much since his latest Mac rant.
Dark Tetsuya says, Apple Lounge Radio.
And lastly, Segg says, but I'm sure they sell lemons.
Here's my answer to why they haven't seen that much backlash yet as far as the online
passing goes, because not a lot of people buy EA Sports games used.
I'm guessing that most people buy them brand new when they first come out because they
have to have their EA Sports games.
And I'm sure that a lot of people that have bought EA Sports games are probably only buying
one or two EA Sports games, not everybody's buying Tiger, NCAA Football, Madden, NHL,
no one's buying everything.
So I'm going to guess that's probably why that no one's bitching about it, but I bet
you anything if this comes out a Medal of Honor or something like that and a bunch of
people are buying it used later on, there will be people bitching.
Xam in our chat room says, Apple's online, the latest fruit-based MMORPG following Fruit
Base Fantasy XI and Papaya Star Online.
But remember, see, if you don't speak up, then they're just going to assume that everything
is okay, so, you know, whatever.
We tried, we tried.
Of course, their sales aren't going to hurt at all because, you know, Madden's going to
be the top selling game, but like if you know EA, say, for example, puts out, I don't know,
an MMO version of, like, Littlest Pet Shop or something like that and charges $10 for
online, I'm sure a lot of people won't buy, well actually fuck that, no one's going to
buy that game anyways.
What am I talking about?
Little girls everywhere want that game.
No, they have Hello Kitty online.
Fine, you're right, EA, you should be charging more for online.
In fact, you should charge them $120.
Why stop at $10?
That's just ridiculous.
How about $10 a month?
In fact, I think you should charge them whatever year it is, so, you know, $2010, $2010 to
get online.
That sounds reasonable.
Hey, going over to the Kinect and Microsoft, some news about the whole camera scanning
feature that's going on there.
You remember when they first showed Kinect, in that whole little Milo demo, they showed
like, ooh, I'm going to draw Milo a picture and put it up on the camera and he's going
to, like, show me-
That's a wonderful penis you've drawn for me!
Pretty much was the demo they were showing, right?
But then when they actually showed the games you could play, it was all flail 2000 and
dance and wave my hands.
And there really was nothing about, oh, it reads paper or any of that stuff, right?
Well-
Have you, by the way, not the, this is still about Milo, have you seen the new Milo demo
video that they had out there?
It was, I forget what conference is being shown at, but it, and this isn't like a bad
joke or anything, they were actually showing it, apparently he's like moved to the US because
his family is having, they're conflicting or something like that.
But the thing is, is like you're outside, you're following him around and helping him
find snails and stuff like that and talking to this little kid and he has to like run
inside his house and stuff.
And to me it seems like kind of like a first person version of like some creepy pedophile
that's hiding in your yard, you know, talking to this little boy.
Pedobear of the game.
Seriously, it's Pedobear of the game.
Anyways, back to the scanning stuff.
Maybe now's not a good time to talk about Kinect Joyride, which is the game I was actually
going to talk about.
They were showing off a demo of this at Tokyo Game Show.
Big Park, the developers behind Joyride, which is a Microsoft owned studio, they actually
have worked in some of the camera capture into this game.
Here's the weird thing, what it does, when you do your vehicle customization options,
you can pick your car's color.
But if you don't like the colors in the game, Kinect will look at an item that you put in
front of the camera and put its color on the car.
So how long until a car that is colored the same color as someone's penis?
That's what I want to know.
That's really cool.
That's the wonders of modern technology.
It matches colors.
Good job.
Cocky.
By the way, you could also capture textures and that whole thing in LittleBigPlanet.
Also by the way, last year or two years ago, I would already read pictures in front of
the Playstation Eye.
This actually isn't anything new, just so you know.
Thanks Rob.
You're welcome.
Dark Sakura!
We have something that's a little bit more fun than that.
You can hack your shoes into Wiimotes.
Basically this guy named Nick Marsh hacked his Nike shoes, they specifically say Nike,
ooh, to make Wii controllers as part of the Nike 78 project, where they asked 78 artists
to be creative with their shoes.
So what it does is actually it changes the way a lot of these games are played.
I think that he's using Wii Sports or one of these balance board games and using a chair
so he's jumping up and down for doing the little dance thing.
And then, but it looks like he can actually do the running and play stuff.
It looks like he's having an epileptic seizure, like I'm sorry.
I'm just waiting for that dog in that one video to come out and push the chair before
he sits down.
When he falls on his ass, have you guys seen this video?
It's great.
But I mean, it looks like though it totally adds a lot more of a different dimension to
the game.
I mean, like it could be more active.
Oh, it's Wii Boxing.
Oh, is that what it is?
Well, no, he's doing Wii Aerobics or something.
No, he's doing the dancing, whatever.
The dancing one.
On stage.
It looks like somebody is like shooting bullets at his feet.
That's what it looks like.
I think it's neat though.
I think it's really cool.
I'm a maniac, maniac.
That's what it looks like.
Yeah, I guess if you want to look more ridiculous doing stuff on the Wii, yeah.
But I mean, when he wasn't using the chair, it did look like he was actually kind of dancing
along with the people on the screen instead of just using the balance board, you know?
It looked like it would be fun.
It was just weird that he had to keep sitting on that chair, but you know, whatever.
It's like using the bar in DDR.
Not going to judge, not going to judge.
Mailbag and the FUs of the Wii coming up after just a couple more stories.
Loki.
Yes.
And apparently there's a new game coming out called Shadows of the Damned.
You said a bad word.
Yes I did.
Apparently this is the long awaited collaboration of Suda51, Akami, and EA.
And of course this new game is going to be a psychological action thriller.
And he said-
There's some Shadows of the Damned going on in the next room, right?
According to Suda, he said he and Akami wanted to make this game for a long time.
He searched for the right publisher to bring it to the audience.
Finally, they said that they can reveal the game they've been working on together with
EA.
It's expected to release in 2011.
And yeah, it's pretty cool.
I know he was working on another game also, which is kind of cool.
And I believe Akira Yomoka is doing music for that one.
So that's pretty sweet.
What?
Yeah, well Akira Yomoka left Konami and he's supposedly partnering with EA now, so this
makes sense.
Bravo!
Akira Yomoka.
This is going to be a heck of a game, but we don't know anything but a title, right?
Nothing right now, yeah.
Not even a screenshot.
Nothing.
Nothing.
It's going to be all like stick figures and psychological action.
It'll probably be a big thing at E3 next year, I'm imagining.
Oh, like Shattered Memories was?
That was a psychological thriller.
But that also was a different developer.
It wasn't an EA game.
I know, it was shit.
I heard.
I heard your strong feelings about this earlier.
Speaking of things that Irene is a big fan of, it was officially announced this week
through Mila Jovovich that another Resident Evil movie is definitely coming.
What do you mean?
With that like open ending?
No!
Surely you just.
Quote Mila Jovovich in the New York magazine, quote, this new Resident Evil is the first
one to ever open at number one worldwide.
It's the biggest movie in the franchise.
So we're definitely going to make another one.
She's also asking fans to send suggestions for the next film to her Twitter page.
So if you want to tweet her and tell her some ideas, like make a movie that doesn't suck,
you could tweet her at M-I-L-L-A J-O-V-O-V-I-C-H.
Because you don't know how to spell it.
Alright.
Suggestion, do not make another movie.
Thank you.
You need to get a Twitter account just to tweet that to her.
I liked the last ones, honestly.
I haven't seen the very last one, but I want to.
Yeah, I didn't mind the first three movies.
The third one was kind of, but this one was just pretty horrible.
Speaking of Resident Evil movies, there's going to be another CG Resident Evil movie
called Damnation.
It's going to be released in Japan in 2012 and I guess it's 3D.
Z-Generation has shipped over 1.6 million copies for home viewing and it only had a
very limited release in Japan in the theaters and it grossed about $480,000 which is really
good.
40 million yen if you want to be technical.
So there you go, another CG Resident Evil movie coming called Damnation and that's probably
what Irene is going to say again if she has to see it in 3D.
Pretty much.
Are we ready to get to the mailbag?
Let's do it, Rob.
Every week you guys send us emails, mailbag at orangelauntraded.com is the place to send
them to.
We open up the mailbag and find a few of our favorites and read them live on air and Dark
Soccer will make fun of your grammar.
Yes I will.
Okay, this comes from Rini.
Hi Rini!
Greetings O.L.R.
On episode 8, I'm sorry 381, you lamented over Guitar Hero Warrior of Rock's ability
to post accomplishments on Twitter and Facebook.
We did?
Oh.
I didn't mention Rock Band 3 also has media integration features, but they have a bit
of use.
For example, you can make a setlist and post it for friends to see or try out.
Of course you can throttle the frequency of posts.
Another concern with Rock Band 3 is promo DLC, which is going to be separate from standard
DLC.
Just to clarify, this pro DLC is only for guitar and bass.
Pro keys and drums are included in the normal DLC.
There's a lot more interesting details I could just gloss over, but rather than tired poor
Dark Soccer's windpipes, I'll just link you guys to a few sources to skim over interesting
details if you want to bring up such as harmonics, making older DLC compatible with keys in pro
mode.
So yeah, different stuff.
All stuff coming out of packs.
I am really excited, I actually did not pick up on the fact that pro keys was going to
be just included.
That actually makes me really happy.
I'm smiling.
You just can't see it because it's radio, but I'm smiling.
Next email, Hey Orange Dones Radio, Haseo Sumi-Ragawa, here for the third time in this
Lovely Marathon episode.
So this was, yeah, last week.
This must be an old one.
Okay, in an earlier episode I asked about a problem with downloading Bleach Heat The
Soul 6.
And you guys said be more detailed, so here it is.
Okay, Bleach Heat The Soul 6 is a PSP game.
I downloaded it and it was a RAR file.
Oh, you downloaded a fake.
Can't help him with that unless he gets into something a little more legitimate.
I don't want to pay the extra cost of importing at $60, which is a bit ridiculous considering
the extra $20 for next day shipping so they can kiss my butt on that front.
Actually...
You can buy, by the way, import PSP games at Fry's.
I actually, I'm going to take shit for this, but I don't care.
I've said it on the show before.
I'm not opposed to pirating importing games, imported games actually.
Because I think if they are not going to take a chance and release it over here, then why
should we pay all this money in import fees to when they're not counting on us for their
success anyway?
You know what I mean?
Like, I know that's going to be frowned upon by some people, but I really don't pirate
games here in the US, but the import ones, yeah, I have.
Thanks for reading my email, loyal listener Samir Agala.
PS, people are wondering, I got the name from Haseo from.hack//G.U. series.
Samir Agala from the ReadOrDieTV anime, yes, I know it's a woman's last name, it doesn't
really matter whose last name it is, but F you to all who have a problem with that.
Thanks again.
Also, if you can't help me via the radio, please do send a reply.
Forward it to Loki.
Loki can trick the mailbox.
Okay, now, okay, this is from Robboy, from Robaba.
Now wait a minute, with all the halos and modern, no, more violence drops impossible.
Okay, that's what it's called.
Now wait a minute, with all the halos and modern warfares, crimes should be way up according
to the whack job anti-game protesters, right?
Not so in, and there's an article from Bennington Banner.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation released a report Monday on crime statistics for 2009
that showed a 5.3% drop in violent crimes nationwide and a 4.6% drop in property crimes.
I'll be honest that they didn't define the drop context, whether it's per capita or total
crimes, but all of these violent games poisoning our minds should turn us into gun-toting cold-blooded
killers.
I personally believe that not just games, but media and software use in general may
be indirectly causing the drop.
Watching TV, playing games, browsing the intertubes, texting on our phones, and other sedentary
activities are keeping us inside.
Not just that, and here's where I get a little controversial, I believe that violence is
inversely correlated with average weight.
Think about it, the more you are overweight, the less mayhem you'll be willing to do.
Fat equals peace, maybe that's stretching it, or discrimination right there, or stretch
pantsing it.
Everyone slowly step away from Rob.
I'm trying to think if I've ever seen on the news, like somebody who committed a really
horrible crime and if they were fat, like I'm, I'm sure there's been a few fatties.
There's been.
You're the you in your plan.
The guy who shot John Lennon was pretty fat, if I remember right, so.
Oh yeah.
And that was a really recent story too, so.
And I was commenting on the fact that you're like seven pounds, Rob, I wasn't saying you're
fat, it was the opposite.
Slim Jim over here.
It's from Rob-a-ba.
Anyway, next email.
Okay, this is from somebody.
Hey guys, I've been listening to this show for a year now, my first episode being the
fuck show.
Anyways, I have something word to share with you.
The very day after you guys had Omen in the Cage match, DJ Hero posted a clip of it on
YouTube.
Coincidence?
I think not, XD.
But one more thing.
Is that song you use at the end of the show every weekend behind the but we're probably
right anyway message?
I can't find it anywhere, thanks.
That's just the closing time midi.
It's an 8-bit remix of closing time.
There was some website, I don't even know where it came from because it was actually
sent to me by a friend and I was like, hey, we'll make that the closing theme of our show.
And this is from Andy.
I believe some website did like a compilation of a bunch of 8-bit versions of songs.
You could probably find it on YouTube.
Just Google like YouTube 8-bit closing time, you'll find it.
But that's it.
And what was it?
There was another part of the question?
No.
Oh.
No.
Well, I made it through the whole marathon podcast.
Thanks for all the effort.
And as I think would be appropriate, here's the marathon email.
It's shorter than 11 hours though, so you can stop grimacing, you misspelled my name
dude.
I'm looking at you.
First of all, just to raise the bar, I thought I'd let you know that this week we're getting
a five, yes, five-day weekend in Mexico.
Since we're deep in bicentennial celebration, high five, act deaf, viva Mexico.
My best geek moment was definitely when both of my kids, six and eight, actually requested
I run a D&D campaign for them.
Now we're playing the Diceless Marvel RPG.
As for anger management moments, my one real fight with my mom was when I was growing up.
At 14, she came into my room and just turned off my SNES because she thought I had had
enough video games for the day.
Well, I thought differently and actually took her by the shoulders and proceeded to gently
but firmly explain as I took her out of my room, locked the door and turned my console
back on again.
She never bothered me with time limits after that.
Wow.
Wow.
Finally, I've done the math and considering my OLR cherry was popped somewhere in the
to-go era.
Is this guy skinny?
Let me finish.
All right.
Episode number now forgotten.
I'm not listed in the wiki, but it was the one where Rob came out of the closet for the
audience.
I've now listened to at least episode one.
Not the gaydar Rob.
Just actually saying it actually might have been a while because I think at the beginning
of the show, I actually purposely didn't want to say anything because not that I was ashamed
of it.
I'm certainly not, but it's just kind of one of those, like, I was like, it's not your
business.
It doesn't matter for a while.
I had a change of heart and well to finish this email.
Sorry.
I've now listened to at least 245 episodes or if you prefer 621.5 hours, 2.5 hours a
pop of OLR.
That's over 25 days of entertainment from you.
So I'll just go ahead and thank you for one of the best months of my life and call it
even for the next few episodes.
Okay.
Gracias.
Muchas gracias.
Sincerely, Dr. Noir, AKA the other Mexican recruit.
PS, this mail has been reviewed by two separate automated spelling and grammar sensors and
proofread by two young goats, which were then sacrificed to the bard in order to keep the
dark goddess appeased.
For the record, my name is spelled J-A-M-I-E, but thank you for trying.
You know, it's funny.
And people in other countries get a bye.
Yes.
Yes they do.
But I have to tell you this.
My name was never, my first name was never misspelled until I moved to California.
Interesting.
I'm just saying, people in Alabama can spell my name right.
Next email.
And this is another one from Rababa.
I got what I believe can only be a phishing scam.
I get an email from spoofed Blizzard inviting me to a beta of the next WoW expansion.
The link is probably to a fake WoW login server because it didn't actually start with a Blizzard
or WoW address.
Also I don't even have a WoW account which made it extra fishy.
PSA complete.
I also got to play Dark Sakura Sunday because I got nauseous playing TrackMania.
Later Rababa.
No, it sounds legit to me.
Yeah, you know what's funny?
I get emails all the time for Ion online.
Like, you know, log in and get free gold for Ion online and I'm like, I don't even play
dude.
It's like, I don't have an account but okay, I'm gonna go do it right now.
By the way, I have to tell you what Tiara said.
If you've got import problems, Rob Bill's bad for you son.
He's got 99 problems but a pirate ain't one.
Oh, a happy talk like a pirate day to you too.
Arr.
Arr.
Arr.
Arr.
Arr.
Arr.
Arr.
Uh, yeah.
Derailed.
Keelhaul.
Next email.
That's it.
Oh, mailbag at Orangelaunchradio.com if you want to send us an email in the future.
The futures!
But the present brings the angst and the FUs of the week.
Here is justice, here is punishment, here is the fog of the day.
Darkstalker.
Um, FU to, um, Algebra.
Loki.
Second back.
Um, I'd say FU to, um, well actually I've got quite a few this week.
Um, FU to Ford for making really shitty cars.
I've had to replace, um, the, uh, thermostat housing on my car about three times now because
it keeps breaking, because it's made of plastic, and because it gets cracks in it because it
oxidizes and that sucks.
And it's about $300 each time.
So FU to that, um, FU to people that, while they're grocery shopping, aren't paying attention
to where the hell they are and they're totally blocking the aisle, they have their cart on
one side and they're just browsing, totally oblivious to the world on the other side,
or they have, like, kids running around and stuff like that, you know, so FU to them.
And people that like to, um, I guess participate in idle chit-chat in the grocery lines.
Thank you.
Um, my FU of the week, I'm putting this in for Alan, goes to Del Taco.
Um, no, I have a good reason, because we actually went over to the drive-thru to get him a quick
lunch that he could take on the train with him.
Yeah, we sat in the drive-thru for 35 minutes, uh, before we finally got our food and, uh,
he missed his train as a result.
Now, don't get me wrong, I'm very happy to have him here an extra day, but, you know,
he had things he wanted to do, so, kind of irritating when they take a very, very long
time.
What was their explanation?
They didn't really have one.
Huh.
They were just busy.
Ow.
I know, right?
So otherwise, FU to the fact that I have to get up at six in the morning tomorrow.
Ugh.
Wham.
Sad.
Do you have any FUs of the weak rice princess?
Yeah, FU to everything 3D, and, uh, FU to stinky farts.
Uh.
Excuse me.
That about covers it.
The doctor?
FU to 3D as well, because I hate 3D forever, pound it, explosion.
And also, FU to American TV for not having as many gay kisses as British TV.
Bring on the gay kisses, American TV.
I'll show you a gay kiss right now.
Whoa, oh my god, they really kissed.
They did it.
Alan, they totally kissed.
Alright.
Couple more stories for you guys, and then the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username
on Skype, orange launcher.
I should probably boot Skype, huh?
But not yet, because we still got two more stories to go.
Yes, who would have thought that D3 would announce that they're releasing Earth Defense
Force Insect Armageddon.
Really?
On Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3.
Wow, that's wonderful news that I wish I knew earlier, but didn't know it until just now.
And they did release a little teaser, which is pretty awesome.
It's gonna be developed now by the people that did, and I don't know if this is a bad
thing or not, the people that did the EAT LED Return of Matt Hazard game.
But the way I look at it, like this, okay?
The original Earth Defense Force 2017 game was pretty crappy.
When you look at all the development side of it, I mean, the game had no physics.
The game was very laggy.
It was just fun, though.
And this game looks fun, too.
It's supposed to take place now in New Detroit.
The graphics are updated, and by the screenshot, looks like we get the jetpack from number
two, which is pretty awesome.
So I am very looking forward to this game, it's supposed to be coming out in February.
SSG100Matt says, the game is doomed!
And he actually says, doomed!
It's gonna be awesome.
I don't care.
Well, I had no idea this game was gonna be coming out.
And I'm really happy that no one seemed to care that Loki, you know...
Loki is saying this for the very first time, I mean, on this program.
One more news story for you guys, and it has to do with a new world record in video games!
Sweet!
Sweet!
And the winner is Mafia 2!
Yay!
And what did Mafia 2 get?
Well, Mafia 2 uses the word fuck more than any other video game!
Yay!
Yay!
They won the award for most swearing in a video game.
That's right.
Fuck yeah.
The fuck they did!
Um, uh, House of the Dead Overkill was the previous title that had 189 uses of the word
fuck.
Like, well, you know, fuck, or fucking, or motherfucker, all of that.
But now, apparently, um, Mafia 2 has more than 200 instances of fuck.
What the fuck did you say?
I couldn't hear.
I was talking.
Congratulations.
I mean, you guys, that's just really immature, to say fuck as many times as possible in a
short period.
That's really immature.
Because we've never had a fuck show.
No.
No.
No.
That we would never stoop so loud.
That would be fucking ridiculous.
That would be extremely fucking immature.
And we would never do anything like that because, you know, we're intelligent gamers.
We're classy.
We're classy.
Stop saying fuck.
Classy like the playboys that were in Mafia 2.
Why don't you give us a call and we'll talk?
1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
We'll let Rice Princess answer all the calls tonight.
Is that sounding fun?
Can I answer the calls tonight?
Yeah.
Sure.
I'm classy as fuck.
All right.
Rice Princess is going to answer all the calls for us tonight.
So call and talk to Rice Princess at 1-877-GAME-OLR and she will talk to our listeners.
And don't ask me anything stupid.
I'll jump in and help if you need it.
Okay.
I'll answer the stupid questions.
Okay.
Just say, Rob, this is a stupid question.
Help me out.
No, don't make the listeners feel bad.
Can I just give you a signal like, Rob, this is a stupid question.
Yeah, she can.
Okay.
Here we go.
We got a call coming in.
You ready?
Yeah.
Hi.
You're on.
OLR person.
Hi.
Select the Zaku right here.
Hi.
Yeah.
I know.
I thought Sky was going to be on, but.
Oh, sorry.
This is a stupid question, Rob.
I guess you should take over.
Zaku.
Well, I did IMU within the chat and I have good reason to be here tonight.
All right.
What's your good reason?
You know, I actually attended that Halo Reach launch party that Best Buy threw last week,
you know, in the city.
I actually got in as VIP.
Ooh.
Let's just say.
How did you get in as VIP, fancy pants?
Let's just say it's through the company I work for.
And they actually do business for Best Buy.
They actually build some of their apps for stuff like reward zones.
So you had to give a reach around for reach?
No, I actually got in.
Okay.
I actually got in through those connections.
But yeah, pretty much it was just typical fanfare launch party with a lot of people
trying to get in VIP.
But most of the folks, all it was is just like playing Halo Reach before midnight.
Wait, wait, wait.
What did the VIP people get?
What made you?
Well, I already know you're VIP because you listen to this show.
But what did VIP get that the little peons waiting in line did not get?
Did you get the strip bus?
A full service bar.
We had our own balcony section.
Stuff like that.
A full service bar.
A full service bar.
Yes, exactly.
Yeah, we had a full bar.
So how many people were there?
What did they do that was, did they have like a rock concert?
I don't know.
What did they do?
One person, I forgot his name, Kid Cutter or something, he was supposed to have played,
but he didn't play exactly, you know, before midnight.
But by the time, you know, we left after midnight, he actually got on stage.
There's something about him just like being, you know, the unprofessional artist that he
He opened for Lady Gaga once when I saw her and he's that guy.
He just, day and night.
That's him.
Yeah.
Something like that.
I don't care.
Okay.
He had the crack song in DJ Hero.
Day and night.
Okay.
We heard you the first time, Rob.
You sure you didn't do the song?
It was just like, it was basically free, you know, free swag, free liquor, free food, playing
Halo Reach.
One of my friends manages, you know, managed to like win a couple of rounds.
I still suck at, you know, at twitch shooters, on controllers.
I can't do the sticks.
So that's pretty much the highlight of that night and just getting drunk.
Were there strippers?
On a Monday night.
Were there strippers?
No, there weren't any strippers unless you count all the fanboys that were actually,
you know, donning Halo, Halo, you know, clothing, such as the plasma swords and whatnot.
How many women were in line for Halo Reach compared to men?
There was a lot of people outside, actually.
It was literally stretching around the block.
He's dodging the quest.
But they were, they were outside and not actually in the line waiting to buy the game, right?
They were still inside, though.
There was, there were people waiting to get in.
That's the thing.
Oh, okay.
It was like a, you know,
But you got to sit up on the balcony and just judge them all, right?
Of course, because you know what?
I had, you know, I was connected.
As I said, I work for the company, our company does business with Best Buy, so they hooked
us up.
So I thank them for that.
All right.
But yeah, I mean, aside from that little escapade that I had, I want to talk about, you know,
about the fact that, let me see, Konami basically, you know, started to think outside the box
for a change in terms of like taking arcade concepts that God knows will not succeed in
this nation and trying to take advantage of other platforms.
Let me guess, you're talking about U-Beat?
Yes, on the iPad, which makes a lot, a lot of sense, given the fact that it's touch-based
and the platform is there.
That means arcade owners, you know, as much as, you know, as much as I respect them, they
won't have to shell out, you know, tons of money for something that may or may not succeed
on that medium.
And it's a lot, in other words, you could catch more flies with honey than with vinegar.
That's good.
I mean, it's a good, look, I'm more of an Android developer, but even though I have
an iPod touch, I do respect the platform, but I don't like the way they, you know, I
don't like Apple censoring.
How much do you think they'll charge for U-Beat?
99 cents?
$4.99?
I'm pretty certain it'll be $5 at most.
You know what they'll do?
I bet you it's like 99 cents and then like a dollar a song.
Yes, exactly.
They're doing DDRS.
Gross.
Alright, Zaku, we gotta let you go so we can get more calls, but any other thoughts on
the Halo Reach party?
If you could sum up the Halo Reach launch party and your VIP access in one word, what
would it be?
Sausage.
Damn.
Damn good time for free.
That's too many words.
Have a good night.
Alright.
Night.
Alright.
877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is Orangelaunchradio if you'd like to give us
a call and tell us about your VIP treatment.
And full service.
Whoa.
I know, right?
Fancy schmancy.
Fancy schmancy.
Hi.
You're on Orangelaunchradio.
Who's this?
It's Con.
Hi, whatever you said.
What's your question?
I was wondering if you guys had heard about the Fable 3 book that's going to be published.
Cool.
Continue.
No, he asked a question, dummy.
Cool.
Continue.
The Fable 3 book.
What about it?
That's going to be, actually, I don't know much about this either.
Tell us about it.
Is it going to be a fantasy book?
Yeah, it's actually not Fable 3.
It's going to be taking place between Fable 2 and Fable 3.
And when you purchase the book, it'll have a download code for a special weapon in the
game.
What's to stop me from going into Barnes and Noble and just copying the code from the book
and running home and cashing it in before someone else can?
Rude.
Honestly, that was my thought as well.
Maybe they have it in plastic wrap or something and you, I don't know, set off alarms.
You'll set off an alarm if you break the seal.
Exactly.
The master chief comes down and blows your head off.
Close range.
Oh, God.
Oh.
Are you a big fan of Fable?
I'm curious about this new game.
I don't know.
It didn't seem that different from 2 from what I played, but I heard they really improved
co-op.
I am really jealous that you did get to play it.
Yeah, I am a pretty big Fable fan.
I'll tell you, when I played it kind, I ran around in a giant chicken suit for like 10
minutes and I had no idea what I was doing and I felt like I was playing Furries the
game.
It's because you were.
That actually would be, you know, you like, look, like don't even lie listeners.
You know, like if there were like a Furries the game, you'd have to check it out at least
once.
Like don't even judge.
Oh yeah.
Just the one time.
Just the one time.
Try to project onto our listeners, okay, just because you want to do it.
I think it would be funny.
Yeah, funny and arousing.
Do you think, do you think that there's enough Fable mythos out there and enough world that
they've constructed out of the games that will make for pretty decent fantasy novels?
Because, you know, it's not like novels for video games is anything too new.
I mean, Warcraft has a bunch of them.
Even Halo has novels.
Resident Evil.
Resident Evil.
There's a lot of games, the FX9 novels back in the day, Castlevania, Blaster Master, heck
yeah.
Oh yeah, I know what you're talking about.
Is there enough substance in Fable to lend itself to books well, you think?
There should be.
And besides, they have someone from, I think it was Wizards of the Coast, writing the novel,
The Makers of Dungeons and Dragons.
Oh, and now Irene likes Dungeons and Dragons, so maybe you should get, why don't you play
Fable?
It's actually kind of neat.
Because I'm too busy playing D&D.
What a good answer.
Well, you put me on the spot, okay, you asshole?
That's what we do here on this show.
Because it's expensive and not a lot of people have the money to turn off on a $60 game.
Wait, what console is it for?
It's for the Xbox 360, your favorite.
There's your answer.
Ding, ding, ding.
It's not my fault you're poor.
All right.
It's not my fault you're an asshole.
All right.
And you smell.
Let's see what else I want to ask Kaim.
I don't know.
Kaim, quickly, anything else you're looking forward to this holiday season?
All right, Fallout, Grinch News Plus 5, Fable 3.
Besides that, I'm not looking forward to anything until next year when Tell of Your Rising comes
out.
Ah, that is going to be a very popular game.
So no interest in the motion control stuff.
No Kinect, no Move in your future?
When they come out with the Kinect feature in Fable 3, where I'm able to growth the other
player?
Sure.
All right.
We'll leave it at that.
Have a good one, Kaim.
Thanks so much for the call.
We'll see you around.
All right.
You guys take it easy.
Later.
You too.
Bye bye.
Bye.
What's this private message you're sending me, DarkSakura?
You have a microphone.
You can just tell me.
It's something that Tiara said.
It's funny.
You should read it.
Also, there is Furries the game.
It's called Worgen in the new WoW expansion.
Actually, I was reading a really funny story on WoW.com about how apparently Worgens may
not get a mount because Worgens will be the mount.
We'll just run.
Yeah.
That's actually it.
Worgens will be the mount.
Okay.
Which, WoW nerd, the Tauren actually had an ability called Planes Runner in the early
days of WoW.
I remember that.
That's right.
Where they could actually be the mounts themselves, but they were patched in with Kodos in a later
expansion.
Aren't Jeweds kind of like that too?
Like they can just have their own flying shit?
Yes.
Okay.
How about another call?
You ready, Irene?
Yes.
Okay.
Hi, Ryan.
Oh, damn.
What's up?
Fuck you.
I'm booting you from the guild.
Shut up.
Whatever.
Whatever.
I'll G kick you quicker than you could me.
Oh.
In fact, look.
I'm on the game right now.
Okay.
Hold on.
Hold on.
Hold on.
Radio 101.
Real quick, Irene.
Even though their name comes up on the screen, you're supposed to, for radio's sake, just
play stupid and say, hi, you're on Orange Lawn's radio.
Who is this?
Even though you can clearly see his name is Ryan B.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
It sounds weird on the radio.
His name is Ryan B.
What?
Stop it.
What?
You have a two-way personal information there.
I'm not going to give away the whole thing.
I didn't say the whole thing, but take it off your Skype info.
Yeah.
Sure.
You can all see it in your studio.
Because otherwise, you sound like Miss Cleo.
Like-
Go to me now.
That's because I am Chad.
I already know your name, Chad.
How can I help you today, Ryan?
And you're going to get booted out of the guild.
Another reference that most of your listeners probably don't get, Rob.
It's true.
You're like, Miss Cleo, who?
I know, right?
Indeed.
Anyway.
Oh, sorry, Irene.
Oh, yeah.
What do you want, Ryan?
You.
Gasp.
Trauma.
Okay, so what do you really want, besides me, everyone?
Me.
Oh, that's the truth right there.
All right, come on.
No, really.
What do you want?
Oh, no.
I was just calling in to see how excited you are about Civ V coming out this coming Tuesday.
You know, I am not excited to spend $50 on a game I'll probably play twice, because the
stupid wow and all the stupid time sink I spent on that game.
But I love my guildies.
Yeah, I see how much you've been spending time on my gift for you.
Well, right?
Like, I don't- Do you know how much I played StarCraft II?
Not enough.
No, I understand that completely.
Not enough.
Very time consuming, especially with everything coming out now for it.
The bummer with starting a late raiding schedule, like our guild did, is that now we don't have
that little- Usually, raiding kind of comes in cycles, and the content first comes out,
you raid it a million times, and then it kind of dies off, and that's your time to go play
other games.
We haven't had that.
Yeah.
So, if I want to go play other games- Like, you know what the word late and raid
is all in the same sentence.
I mean, you guys, what, eight o'clock your time, by the time I get out of it, it's about
3.30 in the morning for me.
Not my fault you joined the West Coast Guild.
All right.
Mm-hmm.
Anyway, for the listeners that don't play WoW, is there anything else on your mind tonight?
No, the whole- The good old gaming GOG, that's a whole rouge.
We figured that out come by Wednesday when they announced that they're actually taking
their stuff out of beta and actually going live.
There has been reports now that's claiming that it has been all been one big rouge, and
now they're probably going to pay dearly for what they did to all their paying customers,
so- Are they dicks or are they dicks?
I hope they have something in store for them, because a lot of people are going to still
be upset by all that, so.
Are you going to be upset?
Are you going to boycott their website, and I'm never shopping here again.
No, not really.
I never bought anything from them in the first place.
I'm not even the least bit worried, so.
I bet you, like, half of- I mean, a lot of the games that they have,
I already have.
So, I mean, like, the Fallout, Fallout 2, Fallout Tactics, all the old games, I'll buy
Jerky anyway, so I'm not even the least bit worried, so.
Alright.
But, you know, people are going to.
People are going to be like that.
People are going to be like, why did you pull this on us?
We thought you were being real.
A lot of people didn't know what was really going on, and now you do this, and it's like,
well, you know, screw you.
I'll find another place to buy the game or torrent or whatever, so.
Tigerclaw in chat says, I'm, I'm, I think he, oh, I'm really curious to hear how Rob
sounds like while playing WoW.
I mean, how he acts.
I hope it's not like that, a Nixxie, a white guy.
How do I sound playing WoW, Ryan, since you've been on Ventrilo with me playing World of
Warcraft?
Day.
Alright.
No, I'm kidding.
I'm kidding.
No, you sound like you do now.
No.
It's, it's like we pretty much, you know, it's, it's normal.
I mean, nobody gets really too, you know, crazy in there.
And I like to do, I like to do my wacky DJ voice for, you know, the, the writers.
No, you do not do your wacky DJ voice.
Hey, everybody!
Let's go to the Summoning Stone!
Alright!
Let's go over to Tasslehop for the traffic.
Alright.
Which is the best name ever, because Dragonlance is awesome.
I didn't even do that.
I didn't even try, I didn't even pretend to come back from that.
I couldn't do that.
Watch.
I, but I couldn't.
Wednesday, I'm going to do that, you know?
Alright, you guys, it's eight o'clock.
Let's all get to the Stone.
We're going to get some Leap Purples tonight.
Tonight, we're going to get past the Blood Queen.
Right after this.
No, you're not.
Alright.
I'm hanging up on you.
Alright, you too.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
I love wow calls.
Me too.
Because there's not enough wow chat on this show that I want to start a whole other wow
show, because there's not enough of them.
SSJ, I hope, I hope there's people out there that would listen to a Robin X to her wow
show.
I might.
I don't know.
At least we'd have half a listener.
Aren't I confident?
Yes.
Alright, let's see.
SSJ 100 Matt says, you should celebrate this call by having a cupcake.
That's a total inside joke.
That's very rude.
That's brilliant.
That's very rude.
You ready for another call?
Yes.
Alright.
Hi, you've reached Orange Slut Radio.
Who is this?
Hi, this is Nancy Neater.
Hi.
What's up?
Hey, well, I just want to pass along a little tidbit, a bit of information to whatever listeners
there are out there that's not in chat.
Basically, there's an anime show that I just discovered called Full Metal Alchemist Brotherhood.
Just now?
It's a...
Hey, I just discovered Hoarders, and that's been on for like a year and a half, and I'm
just finding out about it, so you know what?
Back off.
Judging you.
Sorry, continue.
Sorry.
Basically, I just discovered Full Metal Alchemist Brotherhood myself, and it's basically like
a remake of an earlier show with the same name, and it's pretty damn good.
In fact, I have no idea if it's on DVD or Blu-Ray or anything like that, but I happen
to know that it is available for digital download.
If you want to risk going that route, again, I was complaining about digital download before,
but at least right now, the first 13 episodes are actually on sale on PSN for 99 cents each.
It's cheap, but at the same time, if you guys have listened to my calls a few months ago,
it's kind of a risk with digital download, so if you want to take the risk, go for it,
or if you want to save some money, go ahead.
You don't think it's worth the risk, then look for a physical copy.
So all together to get the whole series, it's like 14 bucks basically, what, 13 episodes
99 cents a pop?
Really it's only the first half of the series that's on sale.
I think there's like 25-
Aha, that's how they get you.
They sucker you in to buy the first half, and then they're like, oh, but the second
half is double the price.
Exactly like that, Rob.
That's what they do at Sony headquarters.
The weird thing is though, I'm not totally sure how Microsoft does their video marketplace.
I really haven't used it yet, but I know at least over on PSN, a lot of times they'll
have weekly sales on certain things, whatever's half off for that week, and a lot of times
they even give away pilots to shows for free, and the whole thing, hey, this pilot that
I got for free is good, might as well buy the rest of the series.
But like I said, being here at risk if your system fucks up, there's a chance that unless
you play your cards right, you could lose out on the content that you bought.
And you have to demand to speak to a supervisor, correct, based on what I learned in your previous
calls about Sony trauma.
Yeah, luckily, at least in the situations I've been in, I managed to work it out, but
like I said earlier in the call, weigh out the pros and cons.
I have a solution to all of your Microsoft problems, by the way.
This is Sony problems, though.
Sony problems, whatever.
Hook up a computer to your TV.
Seriously.
No more problem.
It works for us.
Okay, can I ask you a question?
Not to completely derail what you were saying.
Where are you from?
Buffalo, New York.
Okay.
I was trying to place your accent.
Yeah, the weird thing is, my accent is not typical, though, because to get a little personal,
I'm half Canadian.
Everyone on my mother's side of the family is Canadian, and I spend a lot of time around
my Canadian relatives.
We don't like Canadians in these parts.
Yeah, so my accent is a blend of the bothalonian accent and the Canadian accent.
That's very cool, because I was actually thinking Great Lakes area, but that's actually kind
of close.
I don't want no damn Tim Hortons in my backyard.
I'm sorry to completely derail what you said, but I've been trying to place it for several
calls now.
I'm going to say goodbye to Spaznator for now, because we get to go wrap up.
But Spaznator, thank you for the deal alert, and let's hope your PlayStation doesn't break
again.
Sure.
Have a good one.
You too.
Thanks.
So you go into our chat room with some comments.
Derek H says, there's this anime called Robotech that I just found out about.
It's pretty good and deserves to be popular.
Aw, rude.
Aw.
That's awful.
Awfully funny.
Meanie.
No, he continues, whoa, did you guys know that they made a cartoon based on that Speed
Racer movie?
I just discovered it.
That one made me a little for real.
Did you know that there was this cartoon they made about a little boy called Adam Boy?
Did you know that there's actually an old Battlestar Galactica that they did back in
the 70s?
Uh-uh.
And Starbucks, a dude?
You know what?
I've never seen any of the new episodes, only the old ones.
Oh, the new ones are actually really good.
They're super good.
I ain't lying.
Starbucks cannot be a chick.
And I love this.
It's a coffee.
Wait, this was my favorite comment during that whole call when Irene answered the call.
Yzom says, orange slut radio discusses anime.
Are you sure this is an orange virgin radio?
No, it's orange anti-radio, orange tentacle rape radio.
No, trust me, it's not.
All right.
R stands for rape.
Wow.
What is wrong with you?
This show has just come to a switch call.
That's horribly inappropriate.
I was talking about tentacles.
All right.
I really apologize to those callers that didn't get through tonight, but we've got to go and
wrap things up.
And yeah, we're done.
We're out of here for the night.
It's nine o'clock.
I got homework to do.
That's right.
So thank you guys very much for tuning in and listening to Orange Laundry Radio.
We really appreciate it, you guys.
Of course, if you're listening on the podcast and you want to join us live sometime, please
do.
Sunday nights at All Games Radio.
Just a heads up though, I'm going to be gone in two weeks.
And I don't know if you really guys are doing, we're going to have a special, a special co-host
via Skype.
Oh, okay.
I'm very curious to see how that show turns out.
So make sure next week we show you how to click the buttons to go live and all that.
Okay.
You know how to do that.
All right.
Okay.
I won't be here in two weeks.
Mr. I didn't send anybody the iTunes information, so we had to figure it out for ourselves.
Oh, I forgot.
You don't know how I figured it out.
It's okay.
We figured it out.
See, you're empowered women.
You don't need no man's help.
I didn't do it.
Someone else did it.
So, uh, let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts so we can close up shop for
the night.
Uh, first off rice princess, thank you very much for being here tonight and please come
back.
Okay.
The listeners.
Love you.
Do you have anything you want to plug while you're here?
I hate you all.
Fuck you.
I'm just kidding.
No, I really like you guys.
You're cool.
All right.
Cool.
Ryan.
I'm kicking you from the Guild.
All right.
Ryan is here and give him the damn mic.
Race princess.
Oh, I'm the doctor.
How's it going?
Rob?
Will you give him the microphone?
This is the doctor.
What you talking about?
Did you see the latest advertisement about, you know, things and thank you so much for
being here tonight.
No, that's exactly how I sound.
She got it very good.
Indeed.
See, I told you.
Hey.
What's the matter Rob?
Dark Sakura.
You have a final thought for our listeners tonight?
I hate algebra.
Me too.
Loki.
Do you have a final thought tonight?
I have to charge my devices.
They're all dead now.
Jerks.
My final thought is I have to charge my life.
It's dead now.
That was deeper.
I know, right?
Okay.
Thank you guys so much for listening.
We really appreciate it.
Thank you for your support.
If you like what you heard, all we ask, tell two people about the show.
Help us spread the word of Orange Launch Radio.
If you don't have any friends, which I highly doubt, but you can always also leave us nice
reviews on iTunes.
We appreciate that.
Or any other, you know, place that discusses podcasts, you know, by what, podcast alley
or whatever.
Just any place where they're discussing podcasts, say a good word or two and help us spread
the word about Orange Launch Radio.
If you didn't like what you heard here, then fine, but support independent radio.
There's a lot of other great shows at All Games Radio that run throughout the week and
just, you know, go to iTunes.
There's like 50 billion podcasts out there, but try to download one that actually gets
updated once a week or at least once a month because, you know, iTunes has some things
that have been molding since 2007 still on the store.
So, you know, just good luck with that.
Yeah.
Anyhow, thanks again.
Have a wonderful night.
We'll see you next week.
We're going to do this all over again with more of Orange Launch Radio.
Until then, good night.
See you next week.
