Tonight, September 12, 2010, the Need for Speed MMO is set to go free.
Could digital distribution soon come to arcades?
And the next Guitar Hero game is set to invade your Twitter.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that show dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, the gamer lifestyle, all of it.
We're the place where every gamer has a voice.
And leading the charge over the next few hours are myself, Rob Roberts, and with me as always, the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Om nom noms.
Om nom nom.
How are you?
Om nom nom.
Orange Lounge Foodio going on over there.
I slept most of the day.
Awesome.
Orange Lounge Nappio.
I took an awesome nap yesterday, actually.
And that's how I was able to stay up late.
Because I went clubbing.
And I was able to stay up until like 2 a.m.
It was fun.
It sounds like you had a good time.
I had a great time.
I'm just very proud of myself because I used the cucumber that I grew myself.
And I made myself some salad.
And it's fantastic.
Soon you're going to be moving into a commune and starting your own...
Okay, I have five plants that I'm growing in the backyard and three of them are like stuff to season with.
Remember the fort?
The fort?
The fort.
It was, oh, this was years ago in OLR history.
This was probably around like when DDR Angel first started coming to the show.
Probably around like episode like 30-ish, right?
Yeah.
And she had a friend and...
I can't remember the dude's name.
I'm a horrible... Well, I remember his real name.
I don't want to say it on the show.
It was D-U... Yeah, I think I remember because I think... But he lived out in the middle of nowhere, right?
And to get to his house, you had to go by this place in the middle of nowhere with all these signs that were like, keep out and trespassers will be shot on sight.
And it just looked like some dude has had himself holed up in there since the 60s.
And we decided to call that the OLR Fort.
Oh, yeah.
And that's who we're all going to move into, remember?
Yeah.
I don't think we screwed with it at all.
Are we guys hearing Loki?
I'm tired.
I plugged it in the out hole.
Oops.
That's what happens.
Well, happy birthday.
A little late.
Thank you.
That's right.
Never forget.
September 11th, Loki's birthday.
No, I'm being a little bit silly.
You don't have any tragedies on your birthday, do you?
No, but I do have a victory.
My birthday, there's two reasons my birthday rocks.
One, it's the day that Strom Thurmond died.
And B, it's the day that sodomy laws were overturned in Texas.
That's what I get on my birthday.
See, my birthday was the Waco thing.
Oh, was it?
Yeah.
Oh.
No, no tragedies on my birthday yet, just victories.
Bitch.
So, talking about something funny made out of tragedy, I guess.
There's this pet and feed store that's near my house or whatever, and they have this horse statue that's out in front of, like a full-size horse statue that's out in front of their building.
And they dress it up for Halloween or St.
Paddy's Day, all the different stuff.
They dress it up themed like that.
So they decided, hey, we're going to dress it up for 9-11.
And so this horse has a replica of the Twin Towers on its back.
And it's like...
That almost sounds tacky.
It is extremely tacky.
I get wanting to be patriotic.
And I do think they kind of should make a day out of 9-11 as a remembrance and a day to kind of celebrate all things American.
Although I realize it's also like the 4th of July as it is.
But you know what I mean?
Like, it's too bad that that had to happen on your birthday.
But it's just, you know, some people are born on Christmas.
Some people are born on, you know, the day sodomy laws are repealed.
Some people are born...
on 9-11 and you know it's just a birthday yeah what can you do at least if you're born on Easter you don't always have to have it again on Easter true or if you're born February 29th you get to stay young for a very long time even though you look really old for your age yes
Alright, anyhow.
Let's start, I guess, with a little bit of How's Your Gaming Week.
Oh, I should say about the marathon.
I want to thank the listeners for stuff.
The marathon was awesome.
And if you haven't heard it all, it's all up on the feed now.
We went for 10 and a half hours live.
When you take out the music, it was about 9 hours, 30, 40 minutes worth of podcast.
And good times.
And we didn't end up playing any games live on air like we thought we were going to.
So, just really good times.
We did match games.
No, no, no, I meant video games.
Oh, oh.
Not the OLR games.
But yeah, I mean, and big thanks to Alan and Bradley too.
Dan sure did.
Without their help.
Yeah, Dan.
He played the game that shall not be named.
For a very long time.
Yes, he was playing the Reach Around game for some time.
He and his friend.
He and Alex were playing Reach Around.
Has he finished the game yet?
I have no idea.
Dan left for Washington State to go spend like eight days with his family and leave me here by my heel.
Oh, whatever.
You're going to run around the house naked and play Star Trek online.
That's what I do anyway.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I wasn't naked.
I was playing Star Trek Online when Rob came in, and I actually stopped in the middle of the part that I was on, because when I start the game, I'll just start right back from where I am.
Which is a very good thing about Star Trek Online.
Unless you're right at the beginning of it, and you're almost done with the first part, and then you die.
Anyway.
I played Peggle.
You know, I haven't touched Epic Citadel since I downloaded it, except to upgrade it.
And I really haven't done much else in the way of gaming.
Well, Dan got...
Dead Rising 2.
I always want to say Left 4 Dead, but it's Dead Rising 2, the Mission Zero.
Case Zero.
Oh, yeah, yeah, Case Zero.
And he's gotten all of the endings, except, man, the bad ending where the little girl turns into a zombie.
OMG, spoilers.
Don't care.
If you haven't downloaded it yet, and if you haven't got there by now, then I don't want to hear it.
Plus, it's kind of obvious.
It doesn't even show her turning into a zombie.
Well, I mean, she's a child.
I don't care.
I wanted to see a zombie five-year-old.
I'm sorry you were disappointed.
I mean, it's like when you watch zombie movies.
Okay, okay.
When you watch zombie movies, right?
Shouldn't there be, like, zombie dogs and children and zombie old people and, you know, and, like, zombies in wheelchairs and... Well, actually, there was in Shaun of the Dead.
I suppose it depends on how graphic you want to get.
and all the people in hospitals turning into zombies and stuff.
It just doesn't make sense to me.
I also have that problem with zombie video games.
It was pretty cool though.
Especially my favorite weapon that you can make in that game is you can get a pitchfork and attach it to a rifle and then you can stab them with the pitchfork, pull them up in the air and shoot them with the shotgun and they'll explode.
That's awesome.
And you can also go to this place and get a broadsword and slice zombies down the middle.
And you can make the nail bat and everything.
But man, the pitchfork bayonet
That's innovation.
I haven't figured out any weapon combinations outside of the nails and bat only because I was specifically shown that at E3.
How to do that.
Pitchfork, rifle.
You try to figure stuff out and then also you get cards.
And you can take all that stuff into the main game later on.
And it even has a dude throwing up.
Hooray?
And then you can tape him to a cat, and he becomes a weapon, right?
But I do love that idea.
It certainly seems one step past the Fable 2 pub games, which was a neat little innovation in itself, but this is kind of like taking it to the next level, where now a game's demo is actually a whole different game, and yeah, you pay for it, but it's kind of a standalone experience, and you get to take what you've earned into the main game.
It's kind of neat.
And it's got three different endings.
It's reverse DLC.
It's not download content to expand the game.
It's download content to begin the game.
It's very strange, but I like it.
It was really cool.
When Dan did one of the bad endings, he had the dude with a mohawk wearing a waitress dress.
And I was like, okay, that's pretty funny.
Because you see this burly guy walking in wearing this dress.
And I'm like...
And then falling to his knees.
I can't wait to see some of the hideous costumes you can put the main character in.
Because I'll tell you what, some of the best parts of the first one were some of the really skanky costumes you could put Frank West into.
Like putting them in children's clothing?
Yes.
In the Mega Man outfit.
This one's set in Las Vegas, isn't it?
Yes.
So we need to have the whole showgirls, you know, big fan tale.
And we have to go find Tiara Zombie.
Yeah.
Because she lives in Vegas and will undoubtedly be a zombie in the game.
We won't aim for the head on the tiara zombie.
Yes, I'll refrain from using the pitchfork bayonetta on tiara.
What I'll do, I'll put a cardboard box on her head and just watch her run around.
We'll keep her in the garden playing PS2 games like in Shaun of the Dead.
I can't wait to see what kind of comment we get from her.
Because she's on AOL during the show, right?
Yeah, I don't know.
I have to ask her.
She's listening.
All right.
Let's see.
Going to our chat room at chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
Let's see.
A hit stun suggests a cat gun to which Actdeft is saying laser cat gun.
That would be a great weapon.
I could see using a laser cat.
That would be amazing.
Perhaps.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
I'm pretty eventful actually because we did our game summit thing at our work where we invite publishers and some of our customers out and we did it this year kind of expo style I guess.
Each publisher had a different booth for the ones that showed up.
Not that many brought games though even though I offered them like hey if you need to borrow a 360 or something I can help you out with that.
So I only played really like a few different things and
The first one, and there is a video out there of it somewhere.
I don't want to know where though.
The first game I played this week was Just Dance 2.
And only because the Ubisoft rep wanted to demonstrate it and no one would play it.
So I was like, okay, fine.
I'll do this and be a good sport about it.
So I did that and she kicked my ass in every single song.
Even though she says she didn't play it before.
I don't believe her.
Um...
It was actually kind of fun.
It's kind of neat, because the game itself, if you haven't played it yet, it's going to be very similar to what Dance Central, I guess, is going to be.
It pretty much just plays like that, and all you do is you hold the remote, and you just kind of mimic what's on the screen, and it will just kind of... It'll only detect what you're doing with the remote, but it's still pretty close, and it's fun, and it's got some decent songs in there, so...
Did you jam to TikTok?
Did you get your Kesha on?
Yes, we did, actually.
God, why?
Why is this not on YouTube?
I didn't pick that song.
Why is there not video of Loki playing Just Dance 2?
I am so upset.
This is a tragedy.
What do you mean, why isn't this on YouTube?
It is on YouTube, I think.
Oh, my God, where?
I don't know.
I need to... My boss took... Wait, there is video of you on YouTube playing Just Dance 2.
I... Oh, my God.
Let's see here.
TigerClaw, he's the best web scavenger I know.
TigerClaw needs to find this somehow.
Use your Google Foo Ninja abilities.
I don't know if my boss has uploaded it yet because they were taking video.
Oh man, as soon as this is up, you've got to tell me.
Yeah, I do, I guess.
Anyways, try not to sound too excited.
I'm going to see if I can find...
I'm sorry, you can find it later.
I don't want to cause too much dead air while you search.
Yeah, no problem.
Anyways, so other than Just Dance 2, I got to play around with some of the move demo stuff.
I played actually the full version of Sports Champions, which is kind of fun.
I kind of like the archery that's in the game, and that was pretty cool.
It sucks, though, because at the time, though, the demo...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I'm horrible at frisbee golf.
I tried a little bit of the table tennis.
I don't care for the table tennis too much.
How did archery in the PlayStation Move sports game compare to archery in Wii Sport Resort or whatever it was?
I haven't played Wii Sports Resort yet, but I think it would be way more accurate than it is.
Because it's just...
I don't know, it just felt right, I guess.
I haven't played it with two of the controllers yet.
I do have my own kit now.
I have two of the Move controllers, which Rob was sticking on his chest earlier, and I'm sure there's pictures online.
I would not say that those pictures exist on Twitter.
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
so that it can't be played for a week, thus frustrating people.
So actually, I went to GameStop and Best Buy today, and no one had any of the stuff that's already out for the move, which is disappointing because I have just the demos to play right now, which is fine.
They're still fun.
Um, another demo I checked out was Eyepet, and I gotta say, Eyepet is retarded.
And it really does not work.
It seems like a neat idea at first, but, you mean, to actually get it so that it looks right, you have to get the camera at, like, the perfect angle.
And really, it just works like a really crappy, um...
iToy game, you know, like way back in the PlayStation 2 and stuff.
And it's just, it's not good at all.
It doesn't lend well to the argument that this is just the iToy all over again, right?
It does not.
Thankfully, though, that's the only game that that's the case with.
They have you do a few different things.
For example, they have you play with him.
I guess you move your fingers or whatever, and he's supposed to roll over and stuff.
And it just did not detect that.
It just was having trouble figuring out what I was trying to do.
and then it had me draw an airplane and he'd fly around in it and I don't know what the problem was with this but for some reason I mean I'm pretty good at tracing outlines and stuff you know like on the Wii and the DS and that kind of thing
But when I tried to trace the outline for the plane using the PlayStation Move Controller, it looked like crap.
It just was not working too well.
But, you know, hey, whatever.
It's a crappy game to begin with.
And then also they have you trying to wash him.
And the problem is I couldn't tell.
Like, I had trouble figuring out whether my Move Controller was in front or behind him and stuff like that.
So I had to kind of try to figure out where to turn it in perspective.
It's just very awkward.
So, I don't recommend that game.
But, I mean, most people figure out it's a waste of time anyways.
Then, what else did I try?
I tried the Tiger Woods demo.
That worked alright.
It's just very difficult to get it set up so that...
So you can use the move controller.
At least I found that it was kind of difficult to get it set up.
Oh, and calibrating it's actually pretty easy as far as... Because I was reading some reviews for different things and they were saying that they had to constantly calibrate the controller.
I didn't find that to be the case actually.
With Sports Champions, you calibrate it once and you're good to go.
So that was kind of cool.
And I'm trying to think what else I played that was kind of fun.
I tried the...
It's like some kung fu game where you actually roll down the street on office chairs and that was crap.
It did not control well.
But Sports Champions is fun.
Wasn't there a minigame in Incredible Crisis where you go down the street in a chair?
No, it's on a gurney.
Yes, it's on the hospital bed, yeah.
Yeah.
Looking at our chatroom, chat.orangeonstrater.com, Blackwolf is in our chat, the good pal of ours that does the show before us, live at All Games Radio when we tape live on Sunday nights.
He says, Oh, cool.
I didn't realize that Move was coming out on Friday and not Sunday.
Originally, it was coming out on Sunday.
Okay.
Yeah, they kept moving it around.
In fact, the Sony reps had trouble remembering what day it was supposed to be coming out on.
But yeah, it's Friday now, not Sunday.
Although there are some games coming out on Sunday, but you don't really need to mess with those.
It's just the Brunswick bowling game.
So would you be paying money for this?
would i be paying money for it if you didn't already have it in your hot little hands would you pay money for it um i might but the problem is like i don't know how much i'm gonna play with this but it's it's pretty fun um you know it's definitely if if you like the wii stuff you're gonna probably like this but it is a lot more sensitive i think so they kind of took what they did on the wii and
Improved upon it, which is good.
So, you know, as long as they come out with good games for it, then I don't think it's a bad investment at all.
All right.
And the best part about it, this is like, you know, a lot of the stuff you probably don't need to get the navigation controller for because most of the games don't use it.
Oh, wow.
And, you know, really, you're only going to use the navigation controller if you're playing like SOCOM or Killzone 3, I think.
I gotta admit, I'm not sure it's the greatest idea that they do this whole separate skews for like a, you know, camera, a camera and one controller, a controller and the navigation.
You know, it kind of seems like it's too complicated to figure out what you need and with all these different...
I like that they did that, though, because I own a camera.
So, like, now that I've got the kit, I've got two cameras.
But the whole optional navigation controller, which I guess is true on the Wii to an extent, but every Wii comes with one, at least.
So, you know, the designers know they can do at least one.
Well, technically, it still comes with one because it comes with a regular DualShock controller, which can double as a navigation controller if you want it to.
Oh.
so if you really I mean it's kind of awkward to hold it because you have to hold it with one hand but I mean if you don't really care then you can use that as a navigation controller if for example you're playing Killzone 3 or something like that and you want to try out the move controls and you have a move controller but you don't have the navigation controller you can get by with that but you may want to get an actual navigation controller later on
Looking at our chat room live on this Sunday night at chat.orangeloungeradio.com, Tiger Claw is saying, speaking of move, Sony launched an anti-connect site about the buttons called yaybuttons.com.
I'd heard about this, but it wasn't on our list for tonight.
Have you looked at this site at all?
Yeah, I mean, that's great that they have a campaign about yay buttons and stuff like that.
I do love that website name, I gotta say.
Yay buttons is a good name for a site.
That's a stupid argument to make right now.
I mean, because even Microsoft came out and said, well, we never said that we can't have a game that uses both the Kinect camera and a controller.
So, you know, hooray with your campaign and everything.
and really all these games that they have out there right now just use either the trigger or the top move button or basically the A and B button on a Wii Remote because a lot of these games play just like Wii games.
I mean, it's... What a shock.
I know, what a shock that they play like Wii games.
I don't know.
It's kind of fun.
I mean, if you're looking for something that's going to be way better than the Wii, you're probably not going to find it with this.
All right.
So what games do we have to look forward to on the move that you're going to be checking out for us?
Well, the, you know, Sports Champions.
That's pretty good.
I actually haven't played it yet, but there's that Time Crisis Raising Storm.
That looked kind of fun.
I like the Toy Story 3 game, but if it's too much money, I wouldn't bother.
It was cute, though.
You reminded me of Midway Mania, which is what I liked.
I might check out... I'm trying to think what else I would probably pick up for that.
I don't know.
It's hard to say right now, because I'm not going to pick up SOCOM.
I don't know.
Maybe some of the PlayStation Network games.
I'll just see whatever they throw my way, because I don't want to spend a lot of money.
All right.
Well, let's talk about MyGamingWeek.
Actually, before we get to MyGamingWeek, though, I want to make a special phone call here a little bit.
I'm going to actually call... He was here last week on the show.
He's Alan, a.k.a.
SalaciousPop, a.k.a.
my boyfriend, is sitting there at his computer, and he knows we're calling him because I want to talk about something here tonight.
Hey, Alan, are you there?
Hey, hi, coming to us via Skype.
So, Alan, you live in the Bay Area in California, right?
Yes.
And you don't live that far away from where there was actually a really bad tragedy this week, right?
Yep.
Tell us a little bit about what happened.
Thursday evening at about 6.15, a giant gas main several feet across blew up.
underneath some houses and kind of destroyed an entire neighborhood.
Very sad.
And somebody's going to be in a lot of trouble when they sort through all that mess.
But very, very sad tragedy.
So, I mean, was it scary?
Did you have to evacuate?
Did you have to get out of the house?
What happened?
Well, it happened.
The neighborhood affected is maybe two miles
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
This block that I'm on was totally unaffected.
All of the wind blew all the smoke and everything south.
Boom noise and things actually shook for a minute and my car had ash on it.
It was crazy.
It was really sad.
But you didn't hear a giant boom?
You didn't feel the shake?
Or was it just, oh, another earthquake?
I don't get it.
What happened?
Only being two miles away and the explosion being as large as it was did actually shake the building that I'm in.
Apparently it rattled windows for miles in every direction.
I was completely oblivious though because at the time I was raiding in WoW.
Which is really the punchline that you were trying desperately to get me to.
So yes, I was raiding in WoW while 53 homes were completely razed and my housemate had to tell me to look out the window to see all the black smoke.
Yes, there's the punchline I was looking for and why I brought you on to tell this horrible tragedy story on the Video Game Radio show is that you missed total chaos and tragedy going on mere miles away because you were trying to get Festergat down.
Yeah.
Everyone's judging me right now.
Did you get any loot?
No, I got no good drops.
Oh.
What must have been your reaction, though, when you opened up the window and just saw all the smoke?
Were you just like, oh, damn.
Well, yeah, I was like, that's not good.
And then I went to KCBS and SFGate and I started looking at the feeds.
Because there was a huge boom that set off the gas explosion and people...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura.com
The fire burned for a couple hours because they couldn't turn the gas main off.
That was like a big blowtorch.
Oh my gosh, so sad.
I can't even imagine just being at home watching Oprah or being like DarkSakura sitting around naked playing Star Trek online.
And then suddenly, kaboom, oops, PG&E didn't notice the crack in the pipe.
Uh-oh.
You know what's actually kind of sad, though?
And again, I seriously don't mean to make light of a tragedy.
It's just kind of interesting that sometimes we get so in the zone of gaming that we miss these things.
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Thank you, fire department.
When I was in grade school and living in Martinez, Martinez has a huge, ugly shell oil refinery behind it.
For anyone that's ever been in Martinez, it looks very Blade Runner.
It's very gross and huge.
And that had an explosion.
Oh, no.
And I think like two or three workers, unfortunately, died at the time.
I was like 10 or 11 years old.
Starfire, Starfire, Starfire, I don't know.
All right, well, look, if you want to make a donation to the victims of San Bruno, which, you know, again, we don't mean to make fun of it.
We're making fun of Alan and the fact that he missed it and not making fun of what happened because it really is a tragedy.
We do definitely want you to consider maybe making a donation to the Red Cross to help the victims of the San Bruno fire.
Thank you for watching!
and for those OLR listeners living in the Bay Area that have donated blood that don't have ridiculous restrictions against them that prevents them from donating blood which archaic archaic things that need to be changed but you know unfortunately we don't want to hold those silly restrictions against the victims you know so we'll donate cash I guess yeah but definitely well thanks for calling hey no problem thanks for being on the show thank you for letting me make fun of you see this is why you rock yeah you rock goodnight night hon alright
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
It doesn't do anything.
And these are like two half-assed things that Apple has launched lately between Ping, which is like, I think it's like Twitter, but it's not because all it really shows is the music.
Game Room, you just have a friends list and you can see what games they own and what achievements they have.
But I have yet to see how that whole multiplayer integration works or anything like that.
I don't get it.
I haven't tried any of those.
I don't know.
But because I'm a sucker and because I had credit still from gift cards I got for like my birthday a few months ago I downloaded one of the Game Center compatible games It's a game called Grawl Classic Plus And I was drawn to check out this game because the artwork kind of makes it look like this little like Legend of Zelda-y, chibi type of game And it said it was an MMO So I was like, oh, that's kind of a neat idea Like an MMO on the iPhone that kind of looks like a Super Nintendo game, right?
Awesome
Oh my god, it's the worst thing I've ever played in my life.
It is so stupid.
Did you spend money on that?
Well, I spent someone else's money because it was gift cards.
I spent $1.99 on that.
And it is so stupid.
It's the equivalent of one of those MMOs that you would see the cards for at the grocery store that you just kind of laugh at.
Like, I'm never going to buy those, right?
It's worse than Farmville.
Farmville's pretty awful.
I don't understand.
I don't even understand the point.
There's no quest.
There's no leveling.
It's just make a character and run around stabbing bushes hoping you find little green gems in them.
I think there's guilds, but the chat is all screwed up.
It's just overcome with idiocy.
People yelling weird things in the road and trying to trick people into giving honor points and just...
I don't get it.
Why would anyone waste their time with this garbage?
Well, I did, I guess.
Boy, did I pick a stinker to test out Game Center with.
So now I've decided Game Center is completely stupid and a waste of time based on this one game that I played.
So, yeah.
That would be the one new game that I checked out this week.
Again, that's Grawl Classic Plus.
Look, if you want to burn $2 and look at how terrible this game is, it's one of those, I'm almost thinking it's so bad, you have to see it.
If anybody can figure out the point of this game, I would love to hear from you.
I would love to hear from the developers of this game of what it is they were trying to do with this game, because I don't get it.
Pull you into paying for it.
Help.
So there you go.
GameCenter, fail.
Ping, fail.
Grawl, whatever, plus plus, mega fail.
Otherwise it's just been more Warcraft.
Oh, I did play Dead Rising Case Zero myself and it was fun.
But I got eaten by a lot of zombies because I'm not very good at Dead Rising.
Did the military kill you?
Did you find all the bike parts?
No, I was trying to get to the van with the Zombrex and I got chewed up.
I didn't get very far at all.
But I liked that there were so many cutscenes and everything in an arcade game.
I thought that was kind of cool.
That was pretty neat.
I thought it was fun.
Pitchfork.
Rifle.
Win.
I'll take a look.
You know what?
It just occurred to me what a cool weapon would be.
Take like three broadswords and a pogo stick and you'd have pogo stab.
That would be awesome.
Going to our chat room at chat.orangeonstrater.com Marissa Congusto We love Marissa I love her Marissa, I love you Alright I'm gonna poop on Ping She's pooping Get it?
She's She's going to poop on Ping Pooping Because it censors tweets from artists Such as Gaga's pro-gay marriage tweets Eye roll It's useless anyway I didn't even know they did that
PooPing
I remember when Ping was just on the other IRC screen where it just went ping, ping, ping.
There was also an app for the iPhone for a limited time called Ping and it was like free SMS basically to put it lightly.
They changed their name a few months ago to Ping Chat and they never said why.
Now I know.
Because Apple probably said you better change your name or we're going to pooping on you.
So there you go.
Maybe we can release an app called Pooping.
You know what?
We should get someone who can program like that and do an app, you know, to make fun of it called Pooping.
Or Cropping.
It probably would not get approved by the App Store.
Maybe you could put it on Android.
Like a social network called Pooping.
And it could be all about, like, you know, because that's what Twitter's for.
Essentially all for talking shit about people.
Well, no, you know how you make tweets when you go to the bathroom.
I'm pooping right now!
Burger King Bathroom, well cleaned, smells like bleach.
Anyhow, chat.orangeloungeradio.com if you'd like to join and join in the madness.
Marissa said that Steve Jobs said himself, no more fart apps.
Really?
Yeah.
That's a good thing, I think.
We don't need any more fart apps.
Alright, LightAmiga777 in chat says, OLRPoop, where there's smoke, they ping back.
I think I get that.
All right.
Let's go ahead and actually get into some gaming news tonight.
Oh, it's quick housekeeping.
Add us on Facebook.
Facebook.com slash Orange Launch Radio.
We also have a Twitter.
Twitter.com slash OLR.
And you should add us on those sites.
And yeah.
Otherwise, I don't think there's a whole lot of news going on here.
I'm going to be out the first week of October.
October 2nd, 3rd, somewhere in there.
I'm going to be gone that week.
So I don't know if there'll be a show.
Bring me pins.
I mean, there can be.
But I'm going to Gay Days at Disneyland.
Bring me pins.
Yes.
Lots of them.
I'm taking Alan for the first time since he was 18.
I know.
Don't worry, we're going back for Tron, remember?
Yes, we are, but you still must bring me pins.
I will.
Maybe they'll have a Tron pin.
If you find Tron pins, you better.
I will.
I will give you monies for pins for Tron.
All right, let's get into some actual bonafide gaming news.
We're only like 40 minutes in this show and haven't talked a lot about gaming news.
Loki, what's up in the world of gaming?
Well, lots of stuff, especially when it comes to PS3 and firmware and all that fun stuff.
Well, starting things off, you knew what was going to happen.
The PlayStation 3 got a mandatory firmware bringing it up to 3.42.
This firmware update does nothing other than break the PS jailbreak and the PS Groove hacks.
And since this was an overall security-related issue, it says we will provide no further commentary to this case.
Well, that's a wonderful thing to say, fucking dick of a Sony rep.
Well, to be fair, they don't... Well, why didn't they just say, you know... They don't really... We're not providing any commentary in this case.
Nah.
They don't... They can just say, we don't like people hacking our consoles, so we patched it.
Devil's advocate.
A, they don't owe you shit for an explanation.
B, maybe they plan to litigate against these people so they don't want to say anything publicly because there's going to be litigation in the future.
I don't know if they can because, I don't know, because the... Oh, come on, this is America, they can sue anyone.
They can try, I guess.
Trying's important for them.
Yay buttons, I don't know.
YayLawSuit.com No new features though in this latest firmware, right?
The only feature is disabling this hack.
If you are interested still in running homebrew stuff, and we will get to why the homebrew is not all bad.
Remember, it's just that backup device, that's a bad thing.
Homebrew, not so bad.
Of course, Sony just seized the backup device, and that's all they care about.
So, yeah, they patched it out, so if you don't want to update to 3.41, stay off the PlayStation Network.
It's interesting, though, because one of the things that actually did come around because of this is a way to enable any PlayStation 3 game to be played as a remote play game on your PSP.
Why...
They aren't like that in the first place is beyond me, but apparently it's a really simple edit to one of the files that's on there that you basically, you can actually run this program called a PS3 SFO editor.
Once you have your game dumped to the hard drive and you just click a button that says PSP remote play available and then click it and it will allow you to play it over your PSP.
including, you know, games that don't allow it.
Like, for example, Infamous.
They actually have video of that.
So, that's kind of neat.
And a feature I don't see why they don't have.
Maybe because it's buggy in some games.
I don't know.
But if it can be done, I don't know why they don't.
Well, you kind of answered your own question.
If it bugs in some games, that's going to be enough, I think.
It has to work consistently or they're not going to implement it, I would think.
Well, I don't know about that, but...
Has it ever stopped developers from rushing out games?
Point taken.
So, yeah, I don't know.
And then, let's see, other fun stuff.
Of course, the PlayStation Freedom.
It is the port of the PlayStation, or PS Groove, I guess.
It's basically the open source...
and many more.
and basically what this does is it runs a modified program on the Android operating system.
There's all the different things to do it that way, which is kind of interesting.
They actually have it ported, funny enough, to the TI-84.
Man, those calculators can do anything.
Wow.
They still make those?
That was a graphing calculator back in my day.
Yeah.
Yeah, or maybe it was the 82, I don't know, but still.
Well, they had the 84s back in my day, but I think they're a little bit newer now.
But yeah, they actually... You're officially 30 now, you're old.
I'm sorry to interrupt, I've been told to make a small noise to show I care.
Okay.
What?
You can continue.
Other devices that the PS Freedom has been ported to, the HTC Droid Incredible, the HTC Wildfire, the HTC Magic 32A, the Dream G1, Magic 32B, these are all HTC Foams, the Palm Pre...
The Dingu!
I actually have a Dingu.
I haven't gotten a chance to do it yet, but I may try that.
The Sony Ericsson Xperia X1, the Nokia N900 or N800 or N810, the Droid, the Droid Eris, of course, the original, oh, and the Palm Pre...
Yeah, so basically everything.
And if it's not out for your device, it will probably be ported to it.
I guess it's not such a bad thing if you're really interested in actually putting this exploit on your console it should be readily available to do so and if it's not for stuff that you may have at home right now it will be probably soon I'm sure a piece of french toast will eventually be able to be used in hacking your PS3 just have to give it some time
I did forget to mention earlier in the show that because, you know, you're now officially 30, right, Loki?
Yes, I am.
So now it's officially the gaming show for 30-somethings is Orange Lounge Radio.
That's right.
The old crotchety video gaming show.
We actually have a new theme song for the new Orange Lounge Radio we're going to be debuting.
Do we?
Yeah, we should have done it tonight, but we'll do it next week.
Since we're so old, here's our new theme song, you guys.
Here we go.
Hey, on the DSi, there's a new firmware update as well.
The 1.4.1U.
It's a new update on the DSi firmware.
Guess what it does?
Ah yes, it blocks piracy and certain flashcards and all that stuff.
Which, you know, I understand.
They have a right to block piracy.
Copying games is bad.
I get that.
But these types of things also block out the homebrew.
Which is the really fun stuff.
So anyway, the new firmware update on the DSi.
It's the first update they've done in about a year.
No new functionality.
It just does, quote, behind-the-scenes improvements to system performance.
Which means some of the flash cartridges that allowed the Leetaxors no longer work.
Some of the affected cards are the Ace Card 2i, the Super Card DS2, the M3i0, the iPlayer, and the DSTTI.
I didn't even know all these things existed.
Did you know about the existence of all these cards, Loki?
I've never heard of half of these.
Yeah.
Wow.
There's a lot of them out there.
Most people just know the R4.
Some cards did manage to escape the patch.
The iSmart DS, the Easy Flash VI, and the Hyper R4.
Ah, yes, the R4.
So there you go.
And a lot of these, too, it's possible that they will have firmware updates to the actual cards themselves that may re-enable them.
It's a back-and-forth game.
You know, I get it.
I mean, they owe it to their developers and they owe it to themselves to try and stop piracy.
But it does kind of stink that there isn't at least some type of open channel for homebrew.
I mean, I feel like the only group whatsoever that has somewhat embraced homebrew, granted in an ultimately controlled environment, is Microsoft and the indie games.
But even then, that's really controlled.
Or even Apple with their App Store.
Yeah.
Yeah, even though apps have to go through scores and scores of approvals.
But you know what?
There's fart apps galore and all this stupid shit.
But see, that's the thing, though.
Can you imagine if these people were able to program apps for, like, say, the Nintendo DSi?
I mean, it may be a little bit more difficult, but...
It would be really interesting.
I'm surprised Nintendo's DSi doesn't try to cash in on the app craze.
I thought it was to some extent.
They have the DSi store and so forth.
They're so behind though.
Open it up to let people make their own things.
Make them charge 99 cents for it and take half.
How long did it take them to finally come out with WiiWare?
Seriously.
They're so behind.
I'm not surprised.
I'm bummed for the homebrew it's a little harder to feel sympathy for pirates the jig is up kids but for homebrew you're kind of like oh bummer there's also another update to the Wii system firmware as well it's actually still marked as the current firmware but it will remove all the homebrew that you have installed on your system but does the exploit still work or did they patch that too?
DarkSakura
We're actually having a discussion about food in the chat room.
What kind of food?
Jewish food.
All I see, I see roly poly fish heads from Jessica Harper.
That's not food.
I don't eat fish heads.
Although I did eat something very unique.
I had herring in sour cream.
Thanks for watching!
He made his own little... He did the chicken.
He did his own little breadcrumb thing.
It was really cute.
I know.
Read the story.
Read the damn story.
That's so cute and gay.
Well, for LittleBigPlanet 2, there is good news.
That is, if you played a lot of LittleBigPlanet the first...
And that is the beta invites are going out, but it's just for people who are super active in LittleBigPlanet.
So I guess that they're checking people who create, upload, who play regularly.
So here's the major points.
And also, they're not actually out recruiting beta testers.
They're just sending the invites to people who play the game a lot.
Some of those points are you have to be 18 years or older and be a resident in a country which we operate the PlayStation Store.
The beta will be in English, so you have to provide feedback in English.
The beta test community and the existing LittleBigPlanet beta testers will automatically be included in the beta trial.
and it says please note that being selected for this beta does not give you access to other beta trials we may operate that's a big duh the last thing is that participation in the beta trials is subject to their beta trial agreement you have to agree which I pretty much think means you know don't go spilling all this crap to other people which you know is going to happen
I think that's a good way to do it.
Because then they'll be giving it to people who understand the mechanics of the game.
I mean, the more that you play something clearly, the more you understand it, right?
What, Rob?
You looked funny.
No, I'm reading chat and having fun with them.
But no, as far as the way they're doing the beta invites, it makes sense.
It's cute.
It's a good way to do it.
Yeah, I think so.
I mean, I didn't really get that much into LittleBigPlanet, honestly.
Yeah, I know I'm not getting invited, but I think that's a... Why not get your hardcore community in there?
Because they're the ones that are A, going to most be shocked by the changes and B, probably test it the most.
You know, it makes sense.
I'm surprised they don't do the same thing with World of Warcraft.
Well, maybe that is how they send out the invites.
I don't know.
There's other ways you can get one.
I got one.
I probably shouldn't have it, but I do.
Touch you.
I actually haven't played it a whole lot.
A lot is still borked in the World of Warcraft beta.
What I really want in right now is the DC Universe beta.
That's what I really want to play right now.
You're not going to play Star Trek Online.
You need to give that card to someone who will.
I'll give it back if you really want it.
I'll check it out someday.
You have to play with me.
For ten days?
For ten days.
We'll go kill some Borg and then smack some Klingons around.
It'll be fun.
Good times.
There's got to be at least one other OLR listener that plays Star Trek Online.
We'll have to hunt down Travis because he plays.
Does he?
Yes.
I would play just to attack his ship in the middle of the night.
You'd have to play a Klingon.
Rob!
I think you'd have to play a Klingon.
Really?
And that means that you'd actually have to level up a character to, like, I think, Lieutenant Commander before you could actually play a Klingon?
Could I be like B'Elanna?
She was pretty fierce.
Could I be like B'Elanna, the half Klingon, half human?
You can sort of make one in... You get this selection... I don't know how we got from LittleBigPlanet... Wait, wait, wait.
Oh, we just broke the show with too much nerdiness.
Oh, that's too bad.
You get an option to choose Alien, and then you can customize him however you want him to look.
I see.
Digital Distribution seems to be catching on everywhere else, so why not the arcade?
Taito is going to at least try it, and they've introduced a new digital distribution system called Nessica X Live.
This was being shown off at the 48th Amusement Machine Show in Chiba.
and apparently it will allow arcade operators to purchase cabinets and then download games to the cabinets including a bunch of older titles as well as brand new releases.
They said that nine arcade game makers are supporting the platform including SNK and Cave and the first title release for the system will be none other than Taito's BlazBlue Continuum Shift 2.
and um that's kind of interesting I don't know if I'll ever make it out over here like that I mean I don't see why not but um
Thanks for watching!
I just have a feeling these will be easily dumped and stolen.
Of course, that's the first thing you think about.
Well, no, seriously, if you think about it, because it's going to have basically the same front end that's going to be running all these games, and all you're going to be doing is exchanging out the actual game data.
So if you put out that...
Arcade Games Elite
Have we seen this happen to some extent already?
Like a little bit?
Like I know some of the later Bomani games do this with the whole emusement and so forth.
And I think Technica does the same thing.
And I even think some of the fighting games are doing this now with some type of digital delivery, right?
I think it's a good idea in the sense that it will save arcade operators, at least if they were to implement this in the States, a whole lot of shipping costs because shipping arcade games is not cheap at all.
You know that firsthand.
Yes, somewhat.
I know that, too, because I priced trying to get a baby Pac-Man machine because that's how bad I wanted one.
And honestly, the machine itself, I could afford it.
It was the shipping that was going to kill me to get one of those machines.
That's how bad I want that stupid machine.
A baby Pac-Man?
A baby Pac-Man.
All right.
I know.
I'll track one down for you.
Finding one locally, maybe.
That would be cool.
But yeah, shipping is expensive.
So...
I mean, granted that they wouldn't be shipping out a new cabinet each time.
They would just be doing a cartridge or something like that if it were any other system.
But even still, I mean, that's one less expense they have to deal with, although then they have to have internet.
So maybe it evens itself out.
But at least when a game is released, they can have it there relatively quick.
Because if you were overnight a cabinet from...
Japan or something like that.
That would cost millions of dollars.
That boat would have to go very fast to get the machine over here.
Speedboat.
I'm dragging it behind.
You'd have to get Johnny Quest to get that machine out here that fast.
All right.
Well, I think it's a really interesting idea and I could see arcades going that way, but is it going to be enough to save them?
I don't know.
No, that all comes down to the games.
No one gives a crap how the games get to the arcade.
It's just what games are at the arcade.
What do you think they could do?
And we have this conversation once in a while on the show, and I'll open this up to the chat, too.
What do you think they could do to an arcade to make people come back?
Give them something that they can't get at home with consoles.
That's really it.
And right now, it's very difficult to come up with that kind of stuff because...
Lately it's community for the past 10 years or so.
DDR community, obviously, with this show owes its roots to.
Or fighting game community.
You can't readily get that stuff at home.
You can buy some homemade or really expensive dance pads and stuff, but it's still not the same as the arcade.
But now, though, with Guitar Hero and stuff, Guitar Freaks is kind of...
SSJ100 Matt in chat says free blowjobs, insert quarter, insert wiener That's not an arcade game, that's a peep show Free spankings Or like an Asian massage parlor, that is not an arcade Was that during the part of the marathon you were here for?
I don't think I was here for any part of the marathon.
I don't remember if it was in the first three hours.
No, I think that you were gone, but Rob played this funny YouTube video.
It was Alan.
Oh, Alan played it.
What was it?
The happy ending.
Oh, great.
I'll find it.
Keep talking.
Keep talking.
Get ready to wreck.
So, yeah, I don't know if there's a lot that they can do to revitalize.
It's just basically bringing out games that are going to be able to do stuff that you can't really do at home.
You know, the big old gun games.
Just giving people a reason to come to the arcade, kind of.
This is from Mediocre Films on YouTube.
They get full credit for this.
Mediocre Films is the name of the YouTube here.
This is called... Happy Ending.
Here you go, Loki.
Link it in the chatroom, too.
You like?
Oh, that's nice.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
She's sitting on his butt I love the generic Asian restaurant music they play in the background
She just took her dress off.
You liking this, Loki?
Good movie, huh?
His head is totally not laying on there right.
You're not supposed to lay on the little... You want a happy ending?
Fifty dollars.
There's like clowns and a juggler and puppets and balloons and a... This is what they need in arcades!
And they all leave.
She's clapping.
Are you happy now?
Well, it really wasn't what I was hoping for.
Oh, no.
Maybe you want a handjob.
Fifty dollars.
For a
Handjob, right?
Yeah, handjob.
Yeah, okay.
Okay.
Handjob!
Get it?
It's a hand jive.
Like grease.
See, wasn't that worth derailing the entire show to watch?
Yes, it was.
PSP Go Did you like that segue?
Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh
I think we need to make sure we have as many titles available to download as possible to make the experience as easy as possible.
but also pricing is perhaps an issue because of the cost reductions we've been able to do over the years the traditional PSP has benefited but the PSP Go is a completely different design so the cost trend is different so there you go no I don't
was maybe pricing the problem with the PSP Go.
Maybe, or perhaps that you put out SKU with less features and then, I don't know, offered it for a more expensive price.
It's more expensive, yeah.
And then, I don't know, just utterly stopped supporting it because you haven't really released any sort of bundles.
Oh, it's because you can't bundle anything with it because it doesn't have a UMD drive to play the games that would be bundled with it.
Ah, fun.
You could give a card for a free download.
Yeah.
Everybody likes cards.
Dungeon Buster in our chatroom says, Thank you for giving me work to do.
Now I have to go online and download the title.
Dungeon Buster in our chatroom at chat.orange.com says, I love how Sony spins failure.
That was a good spin of failure, don't you think?
Perhaps, perhaps, just maybe it was possibly the fact that the pricing is what ruined it.
Just perhaps.
I'm not sure we have some analysts we're paying money to look into right now but perhaps let me tell you for free yes that was the issue it was definitely the pricing was the issue pricing for flimsy piece of crap
I saw a PSP go on one of those fancy vending machines the other day.
It kind of made me laugh a little bit.
Well, there was somebody in one of my history classes that had it before class, and I said, okay, you've got to let me see that.
I tried playing it a little bit, and I was like... That mic is not your friend right now.
What?
I'm holding it together.
I'm just saying, it's cutting in and out.
I don't write the rules of electronics.
I just tell you what it is.
Rob.
Yes?
Person in your electronics class.
At any rate, I got to play one because a guy in one of my history classes was playing one and I said, you gotta let me try it.
I was like, yeah, piece of crap.
I'm sorry, you're not going to appreciate this, but I know we're talking about the PSP Go right now and it really smells like Shermie took a caca.
Like, is it just me that smells that?
She went go.
I want to see if she really did take a caca.
Your cat has impeccable comic timing, I just want to say.
I don't think DarkSakura appreciates that.
I don't think we're allowed to talk about the PSP Go anymore.
And what stinks is that DarkSakura has the next story, so we'll just sit here and think about that for a moment.
Hi.
Poopy butt.
Is that right, Mike?
I have to say this.
For the amount of stink that comes out of that cat's ass, her poop, her little poop, was about the size of an Ikea meatball.
Thank you for that comparison.
Swedish meatballs will never be the same.
That means that she couldn't even give a full-sized cat crap about the PSP Go.
I love my cat.
And she's sitting under the pinball table like, mm-hmm, I did it.
A little sassy fat butt.
So, Need for Speed MMO, have you played it?
I haven't.
Dan plays it.
Yeah?
He actually really likes it, but you can only get up to level 10 before you have to actually pay for it.
Duh.
But not anymore, because Need for Speed World, once it hit 1 million registered users, it actually is now free to play.
No more charge.
But, you still have to buy boosts and double XP bonuses and that type of thing.
So, I hate the word, the combination microtransaction.
I just think it's stupid.
A transaction is a transaction.
I'm just saying all those media sites use it.
I know.
It's just kind of one of those things.
And they're all stupid.
Okay.
Oh, and it's like the gods above just pulled the cord on your mic.
Sony dislikes your comments about their transactions.
A transaction is a transaction.
They should just call it payment.
You have to pay for this stuff.
Money is money.
A little money is still money.
and I'll see you next time.
It gives you points for how many cops get injured, I guess.
Wow.
Which is kind of wrong, but, you know, it's actually pretty cool.
I think they have just a couple of cars that you can pick from right now, at least at the level that he's at.
But it's like playing Need for Speed on the system, except you just truck all over the town on your computer.
He likes it.
He says that he would rather play it with a wheel than use the keyboard like he's been doing.
I can't imagine.
The keys are going to stink.
Maybe a 360 controller would work better, though.
Maybe.
A little better than the keys.
Zbun, our chatroom, says, You guys got to get a new mic for DarkSakura.
I hope it's not the mic.
That's the newest mic in the studio.
It's probably the cord, not the mic.
Something maybe happened where the mic fell or something and shorted one of the wires.
I don't know, but it's...
It's something to do with that connection.
It slides out just a little bit.
I think that I just need to get a new mic cable.
Yeah, hopefully that's it.
Or we could take the mic cable from a working mic.
That might be the solution.
That one's not detachable.
No, yeah, it is.
At the bottom.
Maybe we could try that during the break and see if that works.
That's fine.
I can hold it.
I can hold it!
I'm a big girl!
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Oh yeah!
Halo Reach.
That's right.
That's out this week on the Xbox 360.
And now here's everything else that doesn't really matter.
Professor Layton and the Unwound Future comes out today.
That's on the DS.
Dawn of Heroes coming out on the DS as well this week.
Deal or No Deal Special Edition.
What's special about it?
Well, they updated some of the games so it's more like the TV show is now.
Other than that, it's not that special.
That will be out on the Wii this week as well.
Deer Drive on the Nintendo DS.
Now you can hunt deer on your DS.
That's exciting, I guess.
Damn deer.
Damn you, deer.
Painkiller Pandemonium on PC out this week.
Fancy Nancy.
Is that like Rush Limbaugh and other pill-addicted celebrities?
It's a Doom clone.
Fancy Nancy Tea Party Time on the DS Really?
Really Can you say that one more time?
Fancy Nancy Tea Party Time Fancy Nancy Fancy Nancy Tea Party Time What the hell do you do in Fancy Nancy Tea Party Time?
Well, I'm glad you asked
Well, let's see.
Fancy Nancy Tea Party Time is so awesome that it doesn't deserve either a high-res box shot or a synopsis.
But if you want to remember, I believe that you have to... Oh, they're about books.
Hold on, hold on.
There's a trailer here.
Let's see.
Fancy Nancy Tea Party Time.
Let's look here at a trailer.
Again, watching videos with the radio listeners.
Always a good time.
Let's see here.
She is pretty Nancy.
In five short years, Fancy Nancy has enchanted the hearts and wardrobes of girls all over the world.
With over 25 books and more than 10 million copies sold, Nancy adorns the New York Times bestseller list for over 200 weeks.
So far, no mention of a video game, just saying.
I wouldn't let my girl read that.
And the party is just getting started.
Would you let your girl read Twilight?
Hell no!
But she could be glamorous, extravagant, and posh.
I would rather her be intelligent, confident, and not having to conform to anything like that.
I found a tea set, I bet it's terrific
Well, if you're going to throw a tea party, you need a tea sack.
It better damn be terrific.
You're fired.
Travel the neighborhood and put the party pieces together for the most fabulous, most marvelous, most spectacular soiree you can create.
It is fabulous decor and accessories.
A plethora of puzzles.
This trailer goes on way too long.
Wait, cheese is a big word.
This game is.
I know, she said Plethora.
She did.
Okay, I'm a little more impressed, but other than that, no.
An abundance of fun.
Fancy Nancy.
Now on your Nintendo DS and DSi.
RSVP today.
Will you be attending Fancy Nancy's tea party?
We should send out an invite on Facebook.
No, I will not.
Uh, yeah.
So that's on DS.
Gamer Girl in chat says, the tea is laced with marijuana.
That's a game I'd play.
Maui Waui's Tea Party.
Frisbee says Fancy Nancy in the Meth Lab.
If you feel like killing something after hearing that trailer, Cabela's North American Adventure will be out on Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, Wii, and PSP, maybe the DS.
I don't know.
It's out on a lot of systems.
You hunt stuff.
Everybody loves it.
Salacious Pop wants to know if Fancy Nancy Fucked Your Man is coming out for Xbox Live Arcade.
Dark Tetsuya says Harold and Kumar's Tea Party.
Scooby-Doo and the Spooky Swamp out on the Wii and the DS.
And I believe the PSP, maybe the PlayStation 2.
Who cares?
It sucks.
Frisbee's suggesting Fancy Nancy and the Meth Lab.
That's what I said.
That's what she's really gathering the supplies for.
I said that one.
I thought you said Dark Tetsuya.
Sorry.
Truth or Lies.
It's a game on the PS3, Xbox 360, and the Wii where apparently you are challenged to lie to your friends, I guess.
I don't really know what the hell the point of this is.
Bring the party into your living room.
Inspire hilarious discussions and learn about your friends as deep, dark secrets are revealed.
It's time to uncover who's telling the truth and who is flat out lying.
I'm guessing that it has some sort of way to tell if you're a liar or not.
Maybe.
Otherwise, this game is lame.
AkumaJP suggests Fancy Nancy's happy ending.
Fancy Nancy's handjob?
Or fancy handjob, I guess.
Legends of the Guardian, Owls of Gahool coming out on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii, and DS this week.
The tie-in with the brand new animated movie.
Phineas and Ferb, right again on the DS if you like that cartoon series, I guess.
DarkSakura's like yelling from the other room.
What?
I freaking love Phineas and Ferb.
That show is crack.
I would play a game.
and she has sipped the Disney Kool-Aid.
Rocket Sports coming out on PlayStation 3 this week.
This is very similar to the game that was out on the Wii.
It's like Wii Sports.
Lord of the Rings, Aragorn's Quest on the PlayStation 2, the PS3, the Wii, the DS, and the PSP.
Of course, the PS3 version works with the PlayStation Move and is equally lame.
Gladiator Begins.
Not a prequel to the Gladiator movie, but it is a Gladiator combat game.
There are a lot of games I don't care about coming out this week.
Me too, and I'm covering all of them.
Alpha and Omega, it's a DS game based on a new animated movie.
Whatever end, Jesus, this US release has been going on for like an hour.
Halo Reach comes out this week.
Hey, Halo Reach is a mature game.
There are a lot of immature games out there.
Chat room, quick poll, Halo Reach or Fancy Nancy?
Please let me know.
I will have you know that this is the second time that a Halo game has come out against Cabela's.
Maybe this year Cabela's will take it.
You never know.
Anyways.
Oh, and the Cabela's did have a version with a gun for the Wii.
Alright, I'm almost done.
Gormady, the Lords of Nature coming from Konami on the Wii and the DS.
I don't even know what that is, nor do I care.
Yu-Gi-Oh!
50's Duel Transfer on the Wii.
Yay.
Of course, the Halo Reach will be out in the Legendary and Limited Editions as well.
A Game Called Swords on the Wii.
I wonder what you do in that.
That's a tough one there.
Fancy Nancy or Halo Reach Fancy Nancy Milfhouse Fancy Nancy goes to the strip club Halo Reach Fancy Nancy Reach Fancy Nancy Reach This is sad, it's split 50-50 Fancy Halo Reach Fancy Nancy Reach Around I'd much rather have Fancy Nancy Reach Fancy Nancy download content for Halo Reach I almost said Hello Reach Fancy Nancy Reach
Fancy Nancy's Pap Smear, Fancy Nancy Please, more like Halo Reach Around, etc.
It's half and half.
I don't know what to think about that.
Well, I don't know.
And two last things.
The Phantasy Star Portable on the PSP.
And finally, it's not really a game, but it's coming out this week, the PlayStation Move and all the wonderful components for that.
and a goddamn thing on this website says that their stupid sports champions or whatever game is out despite the douchebag in the GameStop saying, well, it doesn't come out until the 17th.
Yeah, the bundle doesn't come out until the 17th, you idiot.
That's it.
Are you done?
Are you finished?
I'm done.
Are you finished?
Are you sure?
Okay.
XBOX 360 PlayStation 3
See, I don't know, is Halo Reach as big of a deal overseas as it is here?
I would think it's still like... Depends on the territory.
It's like a B game, but not like an A game, you know?
It's still, it's up there, but not like way up there.
PlayStation 3, Front Mission Evolved is there as well, as well as Mobile Suit Gundam Senkei Record UC0081.
That's just a price reduction, though.
That game's actually already been out.
Moving over to the Nintendo Wii and seeing what glorious games they're getting over there in Japan.
Let's see, DECA Sports 3 is this week.
Wii to Sports 10.
Shumoku comes out this week in the pretty popular DECA Sports series.
That series does pretty well for Hudson, doesn't it?
It's like Wii Sports never dies.
Nothing really notable on the PlayStation 2, but I do have the Nintendo DS.
Jinsai Game QDS.
Heisei no Dekigoto.
That is also a price reduction that's moving into the best.
Otherwise, not a lot of new games this week.
Although on the 18th, there's all these new covers coming out.
If you want to get covers for your DSi in different colors, you have that to look forward to.
Ooh, this ought to be good, though.
On the Sony PSP, here's a big week.
Yu-Gi-Oh!
5D's Tag Force 5, because I know there's some closet Yu-Gi-Oh!
fans out there.
Dissida Final Fantasy Universal Tuning is ultimate hits so Square sometimes does this with their games they put out like kind of like an international version later on I'm assuming it's kind of this version of this also a game called Blue Roses Yosai To Aoi Hitomi no Senshitashi comes out this week and I think I think that's a hold on it's Blue Roses it's a strategy game I was looking at the title oh sorry it's it's an RPG pretty much
This game's from Nipponichi Entertainment, who makes a lot of the games.
Just looks like your typical Japanese RPG, honestly, with your little anime cutscenes.
It looks cute.
Looks cute.
I'm sure there'll be some people who want to import that.
That's it for Japanese releases.
How about the Old Kingdom?
Oh, we have a number of things over there.
Starting on the 14th, Halo Reach, and then Legend of the Guardians, The Owls of Gahool.
That's not from that book that was that movie, right?
A book and a movie, yeah.
Scooby-Doo in the Spooky Swamp, Final Fantasy Tactics, The War of the Lions, Flight Control, Kung Fu Rider, PlayStation Move, Sonic Adventure, Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, Sports Champions, and Start the Party.
And closing up the week on the 17th, we have Lionheart King's Crusade on PC, R.U.S.E., and Two Worlds 2.
Of course, there's a game coming out next week that totally makes me laugh by the name Deathspank.
That's funny.
Nice.
Quick question from your chat room.
Spyro's asking, what about Final Fantasy XIV?
I believe it's out in two weeks on the PC.
The end of the month.
Yeah, and my list for Japanese releases doesn't cover the PC, so I'm not sure when it's coming out of there.
PlayStation 3 is not until next year, and I think that's the same, be it Japan or the US.
I think PC's getting the first crack at that.
And Collector's Edition is, what, the 22nd?
I think regular people get in on the 30th.
I'm a little skeptical about Final Fantasy XIV.
I don't know.
I'm weird though.
I feel like I need to buy it.
I need to give the retail game a good old fashioned college try I need to try it and see what I really think of it but then again I'm like oh wow but that beta was so bad but I don't know I'm really torn that's where I'm at we'll see to be continued it really depends probably like do I have money to spend on Final Fantasy 14 or not that's really what it's going to come down to probably
Alright, let's move on with some other news and we'll get to the classic game of the week here in just a little bit here on the show.
Loki.
Ah, yes.
Um, so...
It's kind of interesting.
For the longest time, I remember Apple was so adamant about not supporting Flash in their applications.
Well, that may change soon, actually.
They're going to relax some of the iOS development restrictions, including the use now of third-party tools like Flash CS5.
So, apparently, you know, new apps now can be developed with that in mind.
That's kind of cool.
So, maybe, I don't know, we'll get some more apps that way.
Maybe a better web browser.
Does that mean it's easier to make apps now?
Because, you know, people have been asking for an OLR app for forever and I just... Yeah, if you know Flash, I guess it could...
I can think of a few things
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkTouchStudio is suggesting an OLR and USL combined soundboard.
Alright, moving on.
Let's see.
Oh, I like this.
Oh, and TigerClock confirms the All Games app is still not back on the App Store.
Well, maybe we need to put an app up there just so that there's something to tune into the radio show on the go.
I don't know.
Although I think Video Game Outsiders have one.
And that show's plenty fine.
I like what they do over there.
Mario.
It's a hacky Mario game.
Not really.
More like a homebrew Mario game.
It's created by Ben Weber.
He's a candidate for his PhD in computer science.
He goes to UC Santa Cruz.
He's programmed a game, and it uses sprites from Super Mario World.
So you could say it's homebrew.
But what this game does is it's called Infinite Adaptive Mario.
And the level starts with moderate difficulty.
But once you beat that, the next level gets harder.
And by the way, harder means yes, it gets a lot harder.
According to Weber, quote, So in other words, as you get smarter, so does the game.
And in some cases, if you look at some of these screenshots, there's like 16 monsters on the screen at once, including piranha plants that just fly in midair.
That seems really hard.
That looks crazy.
I was looking at it.
The author put Infinite Adaptive Mario up against an AI program that completes randomly generated Mario levels.
And there's this whole YouTube on how that goes.
That sounds kind of interesting, actually.
You can download it on the website for UC Santa Cruz, but it is a little bit buggy.
but that's kind of interesting although I kind of think has a Nintendo gone that direction a little bit like games don't get harder necessarily but didn't they put in that controversial quote-unquote system a little while back where the levels get easier or I guess the tutorials Luigi tutorials come up if you're screwing up like wasn't that in it was in the Mario versus game the new Super Mario Brothers Wii if you die like eight times in a level then you get the Luigi tutorial kind of interesting huh
You suck, so we're going to teach you not to suck.
Yes, exactly.
Loki, you're playing that right now?
I see you over there.
You're playing it right now, aren't you?
I think he is.
I was going to, yeah, except they don't tell you what the buttons are, which makes it difficult.
That might be kind of difficult.
All right, hey, let's get to the classic game of the week.
It's a segment here on the show where we take a trip down memory lane...
with the help of DarkSakura and her gaming vault to say, hey, here's a video game you little brats should be playing this week.
And it's not Mario this week, unfortunately.
It's not related to this.
But it is pretty cool, right, DarkSakura?
Ice Cream Man?
Oh, yeah, the Ice Cream Man.
The Ice Cream Man's outside.
I can't do the segment.
Bye.
No, I'm kidding.
Okay.
Yes, the classic game of the week is?
Moonwalker.
Specifically, Michael Jackson's Moonwalker.
Because, you know, not to be confused with Paula Abdul's Moonwalker.
But I wanted to start off on the arcade version.
Because the arcade version is... It's been hard to find lately, and it's different, of course, than the one we all remember on Genesis.
Which I think is pretty cool.
At any rate, going with the arcade version...
You start off on sort of a... It's technically side-scrolling, but it goes diagonally.
And you... It is a beat-em-up.
You have magic powers to attack with instead of actually just punching them.
And you can shoot magic at them.
And you can also turn into the big robot from... Which is the best thing ever.
Yeah.
Just saying.
And the player one is Michael in the white suit and hat with the blue shirt.
And then second player is red with white.
And the third one is black with red.
And they all have those armands that Michael Jackson is going to be really fond of.
Did you hear Michael's little scream there in between stages?
Wow!
Hold on one more time.
Wait, let me run this back a little bit.
he saves the kid, he goes in the door and then there's a cutscene round two, amusement quarter here we go although I love this little version of Smooth Criminal that plays in the background let's listen to a little bit of it
Anyway.
Of course, he's got the dance magic, which is sort of, I guess, the smart bomb for the game.
And basically, you all get this sort of on-screen logo that you can activate, and then a spotlight lands on you, and you start to dance like regular Michael Jackson moves.
And then all the enemies on the screen start dancing with you.
One of his power-ups is Bubbles the Chimpanzee.
Bubbles is in each level and every time you rescue him, he turns you into the giant robot.
And then you can shoot lasers.
Now for the console, of course this is what I'm sure people remember a lot more of, is the one that came out on the Genesis.
and I like this one because when you go and do the dance magic thing when you're standing on the piano everyone does the whole smooth criminal dance and that was just sweet but that one was pretty cool and to go back to the songs that were in the game for the arcade version the cavern one was bad and the amusement quarter is smooth criminal the night street is beat it graveyard is another part of me and the evil fortress is another version of bad and then Billie Jean plays in the credits
and then on the Sega Genesis one, which is more standard side-scroller.
Stage one is Smooth Criminal, stage two is Beat It, stage three is Another Part of Me, stage four is Billie Jean, and then you can perform part of Bad, and then stage five is Bad with your special performance being Smooth Criminal, Beat It, Thriller, if you have the REV00 version, or Another Part of Me, which is the REV01.
and he shouts woo and in some of the cutscenes he says who's bad?
but he says his usual little catchphrases but for the ad for the Sega Genesis version it said that Thriller was supposed to be in the game but it wasn't it's just the dance attack that's in that one version in the last stage
And of course, this isn't the only game that Michael Jackson has made appearances in.
There was Space Channel 5 and Space Channel 5 Part 2.
And he was a secret character in Ready to Rumble Boxing Round 2.
So, uh... That's pretty cool.
But there was, um...
Also, did you know that they were working on a Michael Jackson The Experience game to be out on Xbox 360?
Yes, it's coming out.
It was going to be out later this year, but I think it got pushed back.
Next year, yeah.
It better be just like Moonwalker.
I think it's supposed to be just like, just dance.
It's singing in it.
Not bad.
The game actually has a rating on, the PEGI has a rating for Wii's Virtual Console, so there's a talk that it should be out in Europe.
So that's pretty cool.
Cool game.
Alright.
Alright.
I don't care if people say it sucks, I completely disagree, it's fun.
No, it was a cool arcade game.
Yeah.
It was cool.
On the Genesis it was a little wonky, but it was, you know, it was Michael Jackson.
Didn't have to be that good.
It's all about the dance.
But the best Michael Jackson game is Space Channel 5 Part 2.
Oh yeah, especially when you break out into the whole thriller dance.
Oh, that was awesome.
Absolutely.
Alright, there it is, your classic game of the week, Michael Jackson's Moonwalker for the arcade, although Dark Sakura did reference the Genesis version as well.
So that's going to do it for part A of our program, but it's not over yet, guys.
We've got plenty more show to come.
Your phone calls, your emails, rapid-fire news, and the tweets on Twitter.
Talk of Guitar Hero invading the Twitters, and Rock Band 3 information, and a new character confirmed for Marvel vs. Capcom 3 this week.
We're going to talk about all of that when we come right back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio.
It is episode number 381, live on this Sunday evening, September the 12th of 2010.
We are live, of course, at All Games Radio, where we do tape our show live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Blackwolf show.
Although, next week, he's not going to be here.
Sad.
So, it'll just be us next Sunday holding down the fort.
But you know what that means?
We can take over the stream early if we want.
Woo!
We could take over the stream early and then go to bed early.
Bobby assured me that there's no best of or anything next week.
And the chatters are requesting another marathon.
Okay.
No, are you crazy?
Yeah.
We're not doing another marathon.
I'll go live early though.
I'll go live early.
You can do a marathon.
You can broadcast all day long and then I'll come in at 6 o'clock as will Loki.
Alan may be here next week.
I'm not sure.
Okay.
All right.
You'll be coming in right in the middle of the rebirth of Pump Up the Volume.
Good times.
All right, we'll see.
Maybe.
On our Twitter, twitter.com slash OLR.
Ranma Deer?
Hush.
They're already asking for an OLR-thon too.
No, no, no.
Too much.
If you do it too much, then it loses its effect.
It needs to stay like a once a year type of thing.
Of course, then again, the show as it is has already been going, what, eight and a half years?
So if we even make it another year, that in itself is something to celebrate.
So that'll be good.
Think we'll make it to 10 years?
That's a long time.
That'll be good.
Why not?
It's only two more years.
Not even two more whole years.
I know.
We might make it to ten years.
Ooh, coffee.
You have coffee?
Nescafe, do you want some?
Is it decaf?
Yes.
It's good.
Alright, I'll try some.
Fine!
Freaking decaf.
I don't have any creamer to put in it except for rice milk.
I don't know if I have any left.
That's okay.
Woot, I'm getting coffee
Um, I could see that happening, and I doubt that they would make up stuff, so, um, it's possible.
I bet we'd see it come out around the same time as The Last Guardian, so, um.
Frank West Johnny Pipes
recount seeing someone else fighting by green side.
So I go after him, he says.
But then I see some other dude.
Vaguely recognized him.
Maybe saw him at a party a few years back.
Maybe a celebrity.
Can't remember his name, though.
Phil Floyd.
Regardless, he was fighting zombies, too.
It was like Oktoberfest, but replaced a beer with zombies and drinking with slaughter.
It was like I died and gone to heaven.
Um...
and of course I believe in one of the screenshots or they have these like photos or whatever um I thought I saw Frank West actually in there yes he is actually in that photo so I think it's inevitable he has to make a cameo somewhere in the game you know what I mean like he's got to be in it or people are just gonna be pissed you know and also there's two-player co-op
Oh, they haven't said what the second player is?
Nope.
In the demos it's been just you played another Chuck Green, but perhaps Frank West.
Perhaps they'll charge you 500 points as DLC.
Perhaps they will have like a second, you know, the second quest as you like to put it, where you can play as Frank West.
I think more games need second quests.
Like the original Legend of Zelda.
Ooh, that's a hot, hot, hot, ow, that's a hot cup.
Um,
Console modder Ben Heck is getting his own show starting September 13th.
You may remember him from such wonderful console mods as the Atari 2600 Portable and all the Xbox 360, PlayStation 3 laptops he's made.
He does a lot of modding for different game controllers and whatnot.
But he will have his own show.
It's going to appear on apparently an internet TV channel called Revision3.
and I guess... Isn't that the one that does all the dig shows, I think?
Maybe, and it's also going to be hosted on Element 14.
So, it's interesting.
Will it be on actual television?
Don't know.
Should, though.
I think it should.
It'll be on Apple TV.
That's where it'll be.
Did the cat poop again?
No, I found where she really pooped.
DarkSakura just found a surprise.
Dissida Dissida Dissida
and Duodecim.
I guess that's how you pronounce it.
It's all Latin-y words.
Yes, it is in the issue of Shonen Jump, which is one of those magazines overseas.
It's a sequel to Dissida Final Fantasy.
It will be coming out on Japanese PSPs in 2011.
Dissida Duodecim Final Fantasy.
We don't know any new characters yet except for Final Fantasy IV's Kain and Final Fantasy XIII's Lightning.
That'll be cool.
No other players have been confirmed yet, but I imagine most of the roster from the first disc of the game.
I know a lot of my friends were big fans of this game, so I'm sure they're going to be excited about that.
More news on that when we know it.
Meanwhile, for you Mac gamers, and I know there are some of you, you missed out on Grand Theft Auto 3 when it was the shit.
Well, miss out on this no more.
Grand Theft Auto 3, Vice City, and San Andreas, a big pack of games is coming out later this year.
That is confirmed from Rockstar's Facebook for the Mac.
No date yet or anything like that, but for you Mac gamers who missed out on that, I'm sure you're excited.
And I know DarkSakura is going to be first in line for one of these on September 21st for the low, low price of $54.99, a pink DualShock 3.
Yay!
I think I like cleaning up Shermie's poop better.
Need.
Rob.
Must have.
There's something other than that coming out.
Something I covered for Geek Life.
Plug, plug, plug.
Geek-life.com.
Oh, the collector's edition with the bike?
No.
There's a keyboard and mouse coming out that has the blue lighting on it.
And the mouse is like one of those super nice cushioned ergonomic really happy mice.
I am such a consumer whore because I want all of it.
I really do.
I want the little PS3 controller.
I want the keyboard.
I want the mouse.
I want the collector's edition of the game.
I'm sad.
I'm sad.
If anyone wants to read about it, you can go to geek-life.com and look up my Geek Cube article from a couple weeks ago.
Oh, the shameless plug alarm is going off.
No, it's all good.
I will have to go read about that right now.
While DarkSakura does some other stories.
Ruining my fun, Rob.
Well, for a... And this is actually really cool.
We were talking about this not too long ago.
Borderlands is getting a free update that will raise the level cap and rebalance the game.
Ooh.
And it's, of course, across all the platforms.
Xbox 360, PS3, PC.
And this was announced at PAX, by the way.
And the download content pack is called Claptrap's New Robot Revolution.
And...
It's going to be, I think, pretty good.
There were some issues with the way the game played.
I mean, otherwise it was still really fun.
And also, they just said it was going to be the level cap at 69.
That's funny.
It's going to be out on... It'll be released around October 12th when the Game of the Year edition comes out.
KumaJP in chat just said the Xbox is getting one of those Tron controllers too.
Damn it!
That's another thing I'm going to have to buy now.
And then for next week's Rock Band download content, we've got some new stuff.
We have Holy Diver by Dio.
We have Stand Up and Shout by Dio.
We have Nirvana, Juliana Hatfield.
I haven't heard any of her stuff in a long time.
Wow, she's still around?
Making music?
I haven't heard her since like college.
I think this is an older one.
Irish Blood, English Heart by Morrissey.
I love Morrissey too.
This is totally like my college music.
DarkSakura.com
This Charming Man by the Smiths.
It's also like Morrissey Week.
And Writing on the Walls Under Oath.
Okay, I might have to get some points.
The list looks pretty awesome to me.
Which, of course, are going to be...
Now, the dollar amount is really all the same for them, but the Morrissey, the one that's Irish Heart, English Blood, This Charming Man, and Writing on Walls are going to be 160 Microsoft points each, while the others are 200 Wii points.
They're all going to be on all the platforms, so.
And then, last but not least, this is kind of funny, I think, is that they're putting out a Wiimote that's going to be coinciding with the Wii title, Doctor Who Returned to Earth.
It's getting a Sonic Screwdriver Wii controller, and I think that's awesome.
It's, of course, based after the current 11th Doctor's...
Sonic Screwdriver, which honestly I still think that the best Sonic Screwdriver was 10th, but that's me.
But it's also going to have the voices of Matt Smith, who's currently playing the Doctor, and his lovely redhead companion.
It's going to be pretty cool.
I might have to get that.
I hope it comes out over here.
It better.
It very well might.
You never know.
By the way, just completely random before we get into the Twitter topic, since DarkSakura brought up Rock Band, I know a friend of mine would be very upset if I did not mention Umlaut is officially announced for this year.
Remember this?
This is the Rock Band charity night.
You play Rock Band on stage, and you pay money to do it, but it's this whole charity thing.
It's pretty awesome.
December 9th, the date has officially been announced this year.
They switched days, if I'm not mistaking.
It's not on the same night of the week.
I think last year it was on a Monday, and this year it's going to be on a Thursday, so it's moving up.
And apparently one of the big things they're doing this year, there's going to be a headliner band that they're going to auction away.
That's pretty cool.
I'm trying to convince my pal Victoria to do a band where she's going to sing Lady Gaga and we'll call ourselves Victoria and the Gays.
I'm really excited about that.
So you might have to come out and watch us rock it at Umlaut.
But they do an internet stream too, which I want to say was very well trafficked last year.
And you can donate to a good cause.
It's all for child's play, etc., etc.
I will make sure Say gets on the show to talk about this at some point.
If he doesn't come on, I will be sad.
Moving on, let's get to some Twitter topics.
Some tweets.
The Twitters.
Twitter.com slash OLR.
If you want to send us some tweets.
Oops, and I just closed them because I'm a genius.
I was on the Twitter page.
and my fat finger clicked the button and I moved to a new page and now Twitter is giving me the fail whale.
That's great.
No more Twitter topics.
Oh, here we go.
SBHale is asking, was going to ask what you guys thought about the Sony Move, but Rob's TwitPic already answered my question.
I didn't post a picture of me holding the Move controllers in a provocative manner or anything.
Well, let me rephrase the question then for Loki because he already talked about the Sony Move earlier in the show.
If you could sum up the Sony Move in three words, Loki, what would they be?
Just like Nintendo.
Nice.
Let's see.
Tiger Claw is giving us some links tonight.
Steam is launching a beta for the Steam Wallet payment option.
Apparently, this is something they're beta testing right now.
Instead of using a debit or credit card, you can actually...
Use money out of your card and put it in a Steam wallet and then use the money to buy the game.
Not sure how this works or why this is practical.
I'm assuming it's some type of like middle thing where your parents, like when you're good, will put like $25 in your Steam wallet and then you as the child can spend that on whatever.
I'm thinking that's what this is.
It's kind of like a fancy gift certificate, eh?
That's coming out to Steam, I guess very soon.
It's being beta tested right now.
Also from Tiger Claw, because I'm nice and allowing two tweets tonight.
The Xbox Live murderer was sentenced to two life sentences.
Oh, the sad thing is I look at this and I go, which Xbox Live murderer?
Because unfortunately there's been a lot of them.
Well, a jury convicted, let's see, what's the name of the asshole in this case?
23-year-old Derek Lee Hernandez.
Two mandatory life sentences.
Congratulations, no parole.
He killed 22-year-old Jason Hawley, and it was a jury of six men and six women who deliberated over two days, found him guilty.
Oh, man.
I'm not even going to go into the gritty details about this.
Oh, this was the guy he was mentally challenged.
and uh the guy kind of took advantage of him remember this this was the judge the judge had said during the trial he wanted to be your friend Mr. Hernandez he would have done whatever you asked him and you took advantage of that you tricked him into coming up to the mountains and there was no other reason than to take his life and yeah it was all this whole like uh that he uh took the 360 from the poor guy it's messed up but it really has nothing to do with games again I hate these like senseless murder things
Alright, moving on, moving on, moving on.
Blue Swim sending us a tweet.
What are your biggest gaming surprises and disappointments of the current console generation?
Great job on the marathon show.
Loved it.
Biggest gaming surprises and disappointments of the current console generation from Blue Swim.
Anyone?
I would say biggest surprise would be LittleBigPlanet in a way.
I didn't think I'd like that as much as I did.
Biggest disappointment is probably the Xbox Live game shows, 1 versus 100, going away so quickly and without replacement.
Anyone?
Yeah.
I don't really have any major surprises or anything.
I mean, LittleBigPlanet, I kind of expected it to do big.
I guess I'm kind of surprised about Final Fantasy XIV sucking so bad.
So I guess that's a disappointment.
Loki, anything?
Um, let's see.
I would say disappointing would be Nintendo and them grasping online because they really haven't.
And I know that they have stuff in their store.
In fact, I think the question is we should be posing is when's the last time that we've actually had a virtual console release from them?
Oh, oh, I know disappointment.
I know the biggest disappointment.
PlayStation Home.
So much potential.
Just down the toilet.
And to bounce off of that, I would have to say probably, was it Microsoft's wonderful arcade thing?
Game Room.
Game Room, yeah.
Actdeft in chat says the greatest surprise was Earth Defense Force.
which, funny enough, leads into Blue Swim's other tweets.
Loki might recognize where Blue Swim's from in a minute here.
He says, also, if I got Loki or OLR in hot water with D3 Publisher for the EDF story on CheapAssGamer, I apologize.
Just wanted to share the EDF news and hopefully send some new listeners OLR's way in the process.
Nah.
I know you didn't hear anything.
And you didn't send any listeners our way because no one realized that, you know, it was from Orange on the Red.
But your blog got a lot of hits.
It was CheapAssGamer was the source of that story.
Yeah, because clearly they talked about it on their show.
No, we don't blame you, Blue Swim.
Oh, I know.
You're just excited like Loki is about the game.
I did add a little something, though.
It's not just 360 this time.
Oh!
Okay.
Let's see.
DarkKisuke sends us a tweet saying you guys should play Dead Space for a show.
Maybe the next marathon show.
We don't usually play a lot of games on air while we're trying to do the show.
It's a little bit distracting.
Ha ha ha!
Redertainment.
This question might be inappropriate, so ready the inappropriate alarm.
DarkSakura, could you ready the inappropriate alarm?
Alright.
Because this question's for you.
There's the inappropriate alarm.
Does DarkSakura have a vibrator to compare the PS3 dildo sticks to?
No.
No.
I had to think about it.
Her vibrators are uncomparable.
No, mine aren't USB.
Oh, okay.
Spazinator PSN.
Oh, this is a good question.
I totally forgot about this one.
Sends us a tweet.
Feel like touching on the whole temporary banning from Xbox Live because some guy lived in Fort Gay, West Virginia.
Please tell me you guys heard about this.
The guy put in his bio that he lived in Fort Gay, West Virginia.
He got banned from Xbox Live.
I thought, though, that they were stopping... They weren't banning people from that stuff nowadays.
I think when it was looked at, some people thought that he was calling West Virginia gay or something.
I don't know.
It's not gay, it's Fort Gay, okay?
It is a maximum security gay facility.
Which coincidentally is going to be the name of the OLR fort that DarkSakura is going to take over someday will be Fort Gay.
Fort Gay!
No.
Because it means happy.
Yes, it does.
It does.
And we'll paint it rainbow.
Because everyone loves a rainbow.
That's right.
Especially a double rainbow.
What does it mean?
I thought like the fortress of sodomy would...
No, that's next door.
All right.
Look, obviously they're wearing egg on their face over the whole thing.
It's an excellent case of the corporate web and how the corporate web allowed that thing to spiral way out of control because there were rules that were set and this guy is saying, hey, I live there.
Google it.
It's a real place.
for you and me that's where it should have ended but unfortunately thanks to corporate webs it didn't end there and caused a nightmare so now Microsoft is going to have to look at their corporate policy to make sure this kind of dumb shit doesn't happen again and Tiger Claw is saying that Microsoft better be careful because there's actually someone who lives in fucking Australia
I thought there was a fucking France or something too.
I think there's another town called fucking.
Fucking Australia.
Oh no, it's Austria, not Australia.
That's what I get when I read too fast.
Fucking Austria.
Sorry, Australia.
Greatest town ever.
That's what I say when I realize Arnold Schwarzenegger really is the governor.
Fucking Austria.
I'm kidding, I'm kidding.
Alpha Cananogram is sending us a tweet.
Choo Choo Rocket is coming back.
That's kind of cool.
Choo Choo Rocket is on its way out on the iPhone.
It's going to be out in October.
It might be coming to Xbox Live and PlayStation Network.
We don't know, but it might be.
Apparently it needs enough support on Facebook.
It's a big Facebook trend thing.
Uh, let's see.
DJ Ranma S, Appeals Court ruling threatens used software sales.
Uh-oh.
I can't be good.
He sends us a link here to this news.
Let's see.
Uh, a federal appeals court has sided with the computer software industry in its effort to squelch sales of second-hand programs covered by widely used licensing agreements.
Um...
Let's see, I'm looking here.
A doctrine refers to a 102-year-old decision by the U.S.
Supreme Court that determined copyright holders can't prevent a buyer from reselling or renting a product after an initial sale as long as additional copies aren't made.
A three-judge panel in the 9th District concluded that first sale doctrine didn't apply to used software programs that online merchant Timothy Verner peddled in his store on eBay.
Oh, this might not be good.
I have to read up more on this later.
I haven't seen this covered on a lot of sites.
We deal with the first sale doctrine all the time.
We'll see what the legal mumbo jumbo is that comes of this.
This is just like the first of many things.
All right.
And SSJ100Man on Twitter is saying, Comedy site Zug.com pulled a real-life Lemmings prank in downtown Boston.
Oh, this has got to be interesting.
Is this like a little video or something?
Wow, they actually dressed up in what looks like blue snuggies and green wigs.
This is like one of those stupid flash mob things.
I'm looking at the thing on YouTube.
Yep, so there they go.
They're walking into the water and falling in.
This is the dumbest thing I've ever seen in my life.
People are dumb.
I love how there's all these college kids in the back that don't even care.
Some people have too much time on their hands.
But I love the look.
I love the Snuggies' outfits.
And lastly, Maren Marvel on Twitter is saying, I'm totally guest hosting on OLR on October 1st when Sky is out of town.
You should.
It'd be fun.
Actually, you shouldn't.
You should come to Disneyland with me.
You know Disneyland is better than this show.
Sorry.
Just saying.
Just saying.
That's it for the tweeters tonight.
Twitter.com slash OLR.
Back to gaming news.
Loki.
Yes, so speaking of tweets, this is retarded, but I guess the natural progression of stuff.
Guitar Hero Warriors Rock will be the first Guitar Hero game, and I can't say this with any less enthusiasm, to integrate Twitter and Facebook.
Hurrah!
Now everybody can know when you do stuff in this game.
Like I give a shit.
But, yes, it will be coming.
It is confirmed on the Wii.
I can tell you right now, based off the presentation that was given to me by the Activision reps, it is also coming to the PlayStation 3 and the Xbox 360.
It's not a big surprise.
Now my Steam is working.
So.
Hooray!
And guess what, though?
At least, you know, well, you already know this, but I mean, if you buy a guitar early, you get a CD.
Of, like, actual songs that are included in the game?
Soundgarden's new album.
Oh, interesting tactic.
Yeah, if you like Soundgarden, I guess.
Yeah, I'll be blocking that on Facebook pretty quickly, no offense.
Just, you know, not really my thing.
Hey, but there's more details on Rock Band 3 I'm excited about this No Twitter or Facebook integration here Actually, they are confirming that you will be able to export Rock Band 2 tracks for a fee The export feature will work on all three consoles Of course, there's always a couple songs that get a little weird
so you can imagine that a couple songs are going to fall off the list unfortunately but most of them should come over for a small fee that's really cool regular download content will remain the regular price that's $2 per song but they are saying that for Rock Band 3's pro mode the songs will probably be more expensive because there's more work that has to be done on these tracks and they don't want to increase the cost of regular download content to subsidize the pro download content that's aimed at a smaller group of players
usually I'd be a little worried about this but I go you know what I feel like Harmonix kind of does the download content better than almost anyone right now so I'm like okay I trust them like I don't know how you guys feel but I'm just kind of like okay if that's what they say I trust them they get it I'm like they get it they've proved that they understand download content for a very long time this export feature's great you know yeah it's a fee but it's I understand it's out of their hands and it's licensing at least they bothered to do it at all I kind of go okay they know what they're doing if that's what they say then I agree
plus it also makes sense that the rock band stuff would cost a little more in the pro mode because there's probably less people buying them too you know yeah I mean you have to have the pro mode instruments and stuff like that which are really expensive well at least on the guitar it's really expensive but the keyboard's not so much I don't know I wouldn't want to pay extra for that stuff but if you really want to there's a market for it
I'm interested in the promo stuff, especially for keyboards, because once you learn how to play the song on the keyboard, you could actually go to a piano or whatever and play it.
I think that's awesome, if you can memorize it.
So I'm looking forward to trying that out.
That's going to be very cool.
So we're going to go over to DarkSakura, who's got another story for us here.
I sure do.
Coming up very soon, the mailbag at mailbag at orangeonline.com, the FU's of the week, and your calls.
Well, we've got a new challenger in for Marvel vs. Capcom 3.
And this is pretty, pretty sweet.
But we're getting Tron Bon.
That's so cool.
She's kind of on crack.
She's kind of been in a lot of the fighting games, right?
Give us a new Mega Man Legends already!
I hate you!
The little Servbots have been in the background on Tatsunoko vs. Capcom.
They're so cute.
They look like Lego men.
Yeah, I agree, though.
Where's Mega Man Legends?
There is coming, but it's just going to take forever.
I would buy that on PS1 Classics if I could.
Is that available?
I don't think it is.
No.
For PS1 Classics?
Damn you, Capcom.
Just when you're doing so many things right, there's that one thing.
You know, though.
One thing.
Rob.
What?
You know, with if let's say that the homebrew scene or pirating scene, however you want to call it, gets to where it is on the PSP.
They have ways to convert PS1 ISO files into a playable format on the PlayStation emulator that's on the PSP.
So you can port Mega Man Legends or something like that.
So if they can do it for the PSP, they may be able to do it for the PS3.
Very nice.
Yes.
Or I could just find the PS1 disc somewhere and play it in my PS3.
I imagine it's not that hard to find.
No, they're not.
I don't remember the game being particularly rare, I could be wrong, but yeah.
Anyhow, speaking of Mega Man, Loki, right?
Yes, speaking of Mega Man, there's some new details coming out about Mega Man Universe, and it's kind of cool.
The game itself looks a little bit like it could be similar to the Mega Man Powered Up Mega Man, which was on the PSP.
It does include a level editor...
Oh, that's awesome.
That you'll be able to share, of course, with your friends, different levels that you've made.
It's LittleBigMegaMan.
Isn't that what this game is turning into, LittleBigMegaMan?
It seriously is getting pretty awesome.
And they had some other screenshots that showed different playable characters.
They had a screenshot that actually showed the box art Mega Man playing...
Also, you can create new Mega Man characters by mixing and matching different parts, like different heads and whatnot.
Really cool stuff.
And also, I guess they're saying that, of course, there's going to be the Ryu Mega Man that's in there, probably the Ghosts and Goblins Mega Man.
Yeah.
Mega Man.
Mega Man, yes.
Yes, in fact, here's the screenshot there of the box art one, which looks so ugly.
Well, you know this isn't the first time that Mega Man's had Street Fighter moves.
Because remember in X and X2, he could get the Hadouken and Shoryuken.
That's right, I vaguely recall that right.
Yeah, which I could do.
That's cool.
The game itself, though, I'm kind of rusty when it comes to identifying my Mega Man stages, but I'm wondering if it's going to have more than just it looks like Mega Man
2 characters.
It looks very Mega Man 2 inspired, doesn't it?
I'm wondering if it's going to have more than that.
That might be cool.
Alpha Cananagram in the chat is quick to correct me on things.
He says, Mega Man powered up with the level editor came out two years before Little Big Planet.
True enough, I suppose, but I don't know.
I kind of feel like Little Big Planet is what really made the splash.
You know what I mean?
I don't know.
Yeah.
But, okay, sure.
So this idea is, you know, not entirely new for the Mega Man series.
That's fine.
Mm-hmm.
Well, I know I'm interested in the game.
I'm going to buy it.
Is it arcade or is it retail?
Have they said?
Arcade.
Oh, man.
That's going to be a heck of an arcade game.
Hopefully it's not more than $20, but watch them be charging like $30.
If there's going to be a game that's going to break the price barrier yet again, it'll be this.
Watch.
We'll see, though.
Hopefully not.
If they do try to break the barrier, it might leave Valve to talk even more smack about Xbox Live.
Oh, you haven't heard.
Valve has apparently talked some smack about Xbox Live.
This is kind of interesting because I seem to recall some time ago it was just the reverse.
They used to dog on PlayStation 3 and they were supporting Xbox Live with exclusives such as Portal Still Alive.
Well, times have changed a little bit, haven't they?
Gabe Newell has referred to Xbox Live as a train wreck.
We thought that there would be something that would emerge because we figured it was sort of untenable.
Oh yeah, we understand that these are the rules now, but it's such a train wreck that something will have to change.
That's why we're really happy with the current situation with the PlayStation 3.
We're solving it now in a way that is going to work for our customers rather than assuming something is going to emerge later that will allow us to fix this.
Yikes.
They're saying that Microsoft has got to change the online policies if they want to compete.
You know, I want to say though, not the first person to dog a little bit on Xbox Live.
This kind of reminds me of Square Enix coming out a little bit ago saying that Final Fantasy XIV is not coming out on the Xbox 360 because Xbox Live just ain't going to work.
That's what they're saying.
So, very interesting.
Uh, yeah.
It's interesting to me kind of how Valve has come full circle.
I mean, and I can see the reasons why to an extent, and certainly again, not the first developer to say bad things about Xbox Live, but it's just very interesting how much things have changed in a few years.
There you go.
Let's get to the mailbag, shall we?
DarkSakura, you ready to rip open the email bag and read some emails for us here?
I'm ready to rip something.
Alright. ...
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com if you want to send us some emails to be read on the air.
Did we get some emails?
The mailbag was pretty thin going into tonight's show.
Did we get some?
We got a few.
Hooray!
The first one's from AwesomeDude slash Troy.
Now this is the philosophical question.
I gave us some warning.
I don't see why you can't do both.
Jeez.
I know, it's tricky because what's going to prevent me from doing one over the other?
It's strange.
What if by being with somebody you leave your mark on the world?
I kind of feel like, okay, this is going to sound really cheesy, but I feel like in a way this show has left the mark on the world a little bit.
Like maybe not in a totally like amazing humanitarian Mother Teresa kind of way.
But just some of the really nice emails that I've got over the years, especially from other guys who sometimes struggle with... Oops, not the FU music yet.
Sometimes other guys who've struggled with coming out and stuff and saying that hearing me on the show has helped with that.
The power of an email like that is really hard to put into words and how that makes you feel like you've really had an impact.
And I know there's quote-unquote fans of all of us out there, which is such a strange...
Feeling because we're pretty normal people.
We just like video games and figured out how to do this radio thing pretty quickly and have stayed pretty dedicated to it.
That those kind of words have been amazing.
So I kind of feel like in some ways I've already picked the first option because I'm not living with a loved one right now.
The Dark Sakura is doing both.
Yeah.
So it's tough because you're asking me to backtrack.
I don't know.
I don't see why you can't do both.
They're not mutually exclusive.
Plus, if you live with a loved one, aren't you leaving your mark on the world with that relationship?
I know that sounds weird, but a little bit?
My philosophy is that the best way to change the world and leave your mark is to be an active part of making it better.
Huh.
DarkSakura.com
and it doesn't mean... I don't mean like sex.
I don't mean like love, like kissy kissy.
I just mean like there's all different types of love.
There's platonic love.
There's family love, brotherly love.
You know, there is romantic love.
There's love for Earth.
I don't mean to sound like a hippie or whatever, but I think that's kind of what a lot of it's about, isn't it?
You've nailed it on the head.
I mean...
and, you know, people get all butthurt over their own political, you know, points of view being, hey, everyone's got to believe what I do.
But, you know, if everyone was exactly the same, it would be boring and we would stagnate.
It's those differences that put a challenge...
Yes, but I am a firm believer that people don't grow without a challenge.
That you have to have that challenge for people to overcome.
And if they don't overcome, those are the people who don't get to do anything in the world.
You know, they're just going to
I have a hard time putting this because some people are content to live their life just being themselves, you know, not doing anything.
But I think that the best way to grow and challenge yourself is to move outside your comfort zone to do something that's going to make it better.
Because nothing changes until you make it change.
Well, that has nothing to do with games.
That was a very deep email for this program.
But hey, sorry to dodge your question, but hope you got out of it.
Loki didn't say anything.
Eh.
There, I said something.
Next email.
Hi, OLR crew.
This is your friendly neighborhood Mexican, Actdeft.
I wanted to tell you that you did a pretty damn good job with the marathon on Sunday slash Monday.
I wish I could have been there while this was live, but I did catch the podcast.
You about many interesting topics like favorite game and soundtracks.
I guess it's you spoke about many interesting topics.
Like favorite game and soundtracks and other stuff.
Since I wasn't there to participate in the chatroom, I would like to participate to that with this email.
My favorite game and probably my favorite soundtrack of all time is Kirby Superstar.
So many different games to choose from and they're pretty detailed with puzzles and pretty good platforming.
Actdeft likes Kirby?
You don't say.
I didn't know.
I hadn't heard.
Hey.
No, it's funny.
It's cool.
And the soundtrack to it is pretty amazing.
And probably since then, it has made me so interested in video music like I am now.
Video game music, sorry.
I would really recommend people getting Kirby Superstar Ultra on the DS.
The extra additions to it make it worthy of any DS game library.
But not as all-happy game-wise.
Excuse me.
You also talked about disappointments.
Mine was Final Fantasy VIII.
Got it for cheap, but I still think I got robbed.
Hey, let me finish.
While I don't like Final Fantasy VII either, at least decent in lots of things, Final Fantasy VIII really takes all the good things of the series and burns them to the ground.
The card game is damn awful.
I never played the card game, for the record.
And it doesn't give you a real good incentive to play it, kind of like Blitzball and Final Fantasy X, which I didn't really do either.
Um, but the thing I hate the most about the whole damn game is the story.
It sucks.
Bad.
It's terror bad.
I don't even like Final Fantasy X pretty much for the same things, but I didn't buy it.
And even though the battle system and grid system is kind of cool, Final Fantasy VIII, really, I don't give a crap about that game.
See, he doesn't like it for the wrong reasons, because I think the story was actually its strongest part.
It's the battles that really did it in for me.
But from what I played of the beta, 14 very well might be worse than 8.
Like, I don't know yet.
I guess I will have to play the retail version at some point to give you my final thoughts, but there may be a new challenger for the worst Final Fantasy game ever.
Oh no, a new challenger has appeared.
I know.
I'll let you know.
Oh well, that's all for now.
I will talk about other stuff you talked about next week, but I don't want to send a big ass email.
Too late!
No kidding.
Until next time.
P.S.
I still don't believe that Duke Nukem Forever will get released.
We'll see.
I think it will now that it's with the new developer.
I think that's what had to happen.
It just needed to be taken by somebody else.
It'll come out now.
Okay, next email.
When you guys were young, did you ever play a game that was so horrible but there was something about it that always kept you playing?
One bad game that comes to mind is Banjo-Kazooie.
I spent countless hours sitting in front of my parents' TV screen trying to collect all those little glowing puzzle pieces.
I wanted to punch the TV screen every time the crazy bear and bird spoke.
However, for some unknown reason, I kept playing until I beat it.
Today, I cringe when I hear any song from that game.
What about you guys?
Your fellow girl gamer, Ziba.
Clash at Demon Head totally like it's not that great a game really but totally a guilty pleasure game like I used to love that game and I don't know why as far as like old school 8-bit NES games go
I really can't remember any that I just... There's games that pissed me off that I'd keep playing.
Like Puzzle and Desu.
I'm sorry.
You remember I covered that on Classic Game?
That game pisses me off so much.
And it's really not even the best game ever, but the challenge is so hard to it.
Oh, that game pisses me off.
What about you, Loki?
Um...
Earth Defense Force.
It gets really challenging, especially when you get on those Inferno levels, man.
Sometimes it makes me want to hurt somebody.
I just play more of it.
Good call.
Last email.
No.
Hey, OLR.
Emailing in on a few things that I wouldn't otherwise contribute via chat, but I know I would forget.
So here it goes.
I know this news is two weeks late, but Sony not only has their dreaded online pass on some sports games, but it's on an awesome PSP FPS called SOCOM Fireteam Bravo 3.
Also, this may be old news, but I've never heard this on the radio.
Any of you heard of a game called Minecraft?
Don't judge on graphics, although you guys probably wouldn't.
My way of describing it would be Awesome Sauce Imagination Orgasm.
You have unlimited boundaries north, south, east, and west and you can go really far up and down and it's only in alpha.
Give it a try and decide whether or not to buy it.
It's only 10 euros or about 13 bucks and it entitles you to play future releases of the game.
And he put the address, it's Minecraft, M-I-N-E-C-R-A-F-T dot net.
Is he a co-producer or writer?
I don't know.
I don't think so.
Currently, it has only one developer but he's awesome.
Here's the bullshit part.
He's been making so much money from people paying for it, PayPal fucking froze his account due to a suspicious withdrawal or deposit.
That's pretty funny.
I'm actually going to look at this real quick.
Hitstun in our chatroom says there's a lot of Minecraft on Justin.tv.
It doesn't look that bad.
It looks really Super Nintendo-ish 3D.
But yeah, apparently he... It was over 600,000 euros and then...
PayPal is like trying to keep the money or something.
That's weird.
That's kind of screwed up.
Yeah, that is messed up.
Anyway, I'm going to continue.
Minecraft may seem odd at first, but it's great and freaking addictive when you realize all the possible things you can do slash make.
Well, I think that's enough for one email, but I'll chat slash call in if I have anything else of interest that comes up.
May the flying spaghetti monster bless your souls.
Dark Yusuke, a.k.a.
Butcher.
Ramen.
P.S.
Going to be super sad to not hear your voices next week.
I guess he's not going to be listening next week.
Oh, I forgot.
He sent us a tweet that said disregard is P.S.
Oops.
Oopsie.
Whoops.
Screwed up on that one.
I think he might have us mixed up with Bobby Blackwolf because Bobby's not live next week.
Oh, YouTube.
Alan sent me this YouTube.
And if Alan sent it to me, I have to look at it.
He told me a little bit about what it is.
And I had heard of this.
And it sounds kind of cool.
Oh, it's like stop motion.
All these people in colored shirts sitting in chairs doing Pac-Man.
They do these in a movie theater.
That's kind of rad.
Can Alan link that in chat, please?
Thank you.
I like the little noise in the background.
Let me turn that up a little bit.
I love the noises more than anything.
Okay, anyway, this makes for terrible radio, but... People did a Space Invaders one.
That takes a lot of work.
Like, that took all day.
God, college kids.
Y'all have too much free time.
It's a lot of it's editing though because all they had to do was get one scene where everybody was sitting in the grid in the beginning and then just take one shot of that and then keep superimposing where he's at.
It does take a lot of effort but it's not as much as magic and witchcraft.
Or they took one shot where he was in each spot and just kept playing stop motion.
Makes sense.
Yeah.
They had to hold that camera real steady.
Real steady.
Hey, it's that time of the show where we get mad.
The FUs of the Week.
My FU of the week goes to Dan not being here.
Well, I mean, and I understand it was important to go to see his family.
But still, it doesn't really stop me from being very lonely because he's been... You know, while he's not working and I wasn't working, I was used to having him here all day and it was really nice.
And now he's not there.
And also, I have to go back into the office tomorrow because bitches didn't send me my letter about getting laid off.
And I haven't been paid in two weeks.
So you know what this means.
War.
If they don't fix it, I can collect interest on my pay, and if they don't get anything to me, I'm going to the labor board.
Alert the media.
Well, I could talk to the media, too, because... I don't know how far I want to get into this, but I was looking at work at the news and the latest things, and I saw your work on the local news media site, so... about the closure, because I guess it was a big deal.
And see, I never got any memo that says don't talk about it.
Oh!
I'm not under a DA.
Oh.
Uh, Loki.
I had some that I was really pissed off about earlier, and I don't remember what it was.
I'm going to go with my second thing that I'm pissed off at, and that would be Apple.
I'm pissed off at their customer service.
It's good and terrible at the same time.
The reps are nice, but the simple logic stuff just doesn't seem to apply to them.
For example, I purchased two iPod Touches from them using an Apple gift card that I got from Sony from my work for some sort of sales incentive thing.
I purchased it on the 3rd, and according to the site when I ordered it, it said it was going to be shipped this week.
Instead, this week, they changed it so that it's shipping next week.
and, you know, in the meanwhile, you know, the Apple Store has tons of these.
They have just like a pile of them just sitting there.
So I called them up multiple times going, um, I need to cancel my order so that, you know, I can go purchase.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Even though we took off the funds immediately out of your card, it's going to take us five to seven business days to put it back on the card.
What?
Even though it's their own Apple card.
What?
I'm like, well, okay, fine.
I don't really want to cancel it.
I just want to pick it up at the local store because they have them in stock.
Oh, no, I'm sorry.
You can't do that because our systems are separate.
So that's retarded.
It finally shipped, though, on Friday.
FROM CANADA!
Why the fuck are you shipping something from Canada to the United States?
I'm sure you have a fucking plant in the U.S.
that you could ship these from.
But no, let's pick a really far away place to ship it from.
Just to piss me off even more.
If I didn't have that fucking gift card, I wouldn't be buying your stupid iPods.
Like I'm fucking going to buy an ITV or an iMac.
No way!
We're part of Canada.
I don't know.
I'm not familiar with Canada.
I can look that up real quick while you do your FGs, though.
I will.
My FU goes to myself because I've managed to put a scratch on my brand new car after having it for only about two and a half months because I don't know how to park.
Don't worry, I didn't hit another car.
I refrain from making fun of me because I will destroy you.
I scratched the car parking in Alan's garage.
Thanks for watching!
Because there's no Shanghai, Canada It's China!
They're shipping it from China Yeah, let's pick the furthest place from my location to ship this from That's probably where the damn thing's made I like that, that's awesome Oh, and by the way, because Apple's so wonderful in saving their costs They ship them separate The two items are actually separate Thank you Thank you for doing all that wonderful stuff for me Why are you mad, though?
Hey, more news.
Happy, happy.
And then the Skype line's coming at you.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
Not just yet.
I'll let you know when.
Yes.
So there's a brand new Overclock remix album that's coming out.
You may remember the last one was a remix album from Final Fantasy VII.
This time it's going to be a five-part Final Fantasy V compilation.
Oh, I get it.
Five parts because it's five.
Yeah.
It's called the Final Fantasy V The Fabled Warriors An overclocked remix five part album series And it is free, which is the best price And the first part of the five is actually out now So you can go check it out And if you want to download that Go to ff5.ocremix.org Alright
One more story for you guys, then we're going to open up the Skype line at 877-GAME-OLR, our username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
And being asked in chat from Floppy Discourse, what about Google Talk?
Doesn't Google Talk let you call 877 numbers now?
Like you can call numbers in the US and Canada?
You can actually call numbers?
That's what I heard, yeah.
I'm actually going to link my phone with Google Talk once I get I was going to get a prepaid phone through like AT&T or something like that but I don't like AT&T because they're like oh by the way there's all these fees we add on top of that because I only would use like 12 minutes a month and I'd use their 25 cent per minute plan or something like that but then they're like oh we're going to add another dollar fee on there oh and there's taxes oh and there's this oh and there's convenience fee
So I'll just go through Virgin.
All right, one more story for you guys.
Do you know the name Chiaki Kuriyama?
I hope you do.
Yeah, I know the name.
Yeah, what's she from, you know?
Missuzu Asaki
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
so don't expect this voice acting to come over to the US but for those of you guys that are really into the Yakuza series like I know Deekman who does our website loves these games probably will import it on PlayStation 3 thanks to the region free stuff can look forward to hearing her lovely voice as the heroine in that game very cool Skype line is now open 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio we're already getting calls you ready for this?
hi you're on Orange Lounge Radio who's this?
Hey, this is DJ Blaziken.
DJ Blaziken, what's on your mind?
Not much, other than I got a little bit of a similar situation that Loki kind of discussed a while back on an episode how he's trying to stray away from the three fret formation because he was a converger from guitar freaks to guitar hero.
Well, let's just say here,
I had the same excuse when I started playing Guitar Hero.
I'm like, I cannot play medium.
There's four notes.
There should only be three.
Oh, it wasn't that hard.
It wasn't that hard.
And all it takes is Loki, one word, practice.
That's right, practice.
Yeah, but that also takes time.
And time I'm not willing to spend on that.
I'll mod grant that instead.
I will say, though, I recently downloaded and played the DJ Hero 2 demo.
Oh, I forgot that's out.
I did half that.
You know what?
Those bastards didn't put it on PlayStation Network, though, and my controller and gamer for PlayStation Network.
It's exclusive to Xbox 360 because we're Activision and we suck.
Well, okay.
I will say, though, it is pretty cool.
Um, on the Factor, now they have, uh, the DJ battle mode, which is basically, okay, if you remember just normal space off in Guitar Hero, it's basically what this is for DJ Hero.
It's all it is.
Hmm.
So, like, you do one part, and then the other player does another part, and it goes back and forth.
I'm still wondering, though, if they're going to do... And I forgot to ask him when he was there, if they're going to do the guitar here, or the guitar DJ stuff again.
Oh, that was kind of cool.
Yeah, yeah.
By what I was seeing on the demo, there wasn't anything for guitar and DJ.
It was mostly the vocals and DJ stuff.
Yeah.
and my father kind of found it kind of weird that I was singing the song Don't Ya, the Don't Ya remix and then the Lady Gaga remix.
It would have been cool though if they did that because they could have had vocals and they could have had guitars and then a DJ or something.
Man, that would be great for Loki to get that on YouTube too, doing a Doncha.
You know what they really should have done, but I'm sure they don't want to affect their DJ Hero sales, is you know how Rock Band 3 added keyboards, have the next Guitar Hero game add turntables to the actual rock stuff.
How many songs really support that though?
Not many, but it'd be kind of neat though, like as a little added download content.
Well, I mean, it's just like how many songs support a guitar in DJ Hero?
Not a lot, but it was pretty cool, the ones that did.
And actually, do you know what?
Of all the weird things, okay, you know how you guys were talking about how, you know, learning the actual dance moves from Dance Central and whatnot?
Well, of all the weird things, one of my...
One of my friends went to a Macy's store and actually went and tried out, I think it was Dance Central, and he showed me some of the moves to Lady Gaga's Poker Face.
And let's just say here, I think it was that or Just Dance that came on at Homecoming, and we were actually pulling off the actual dance moves from the music video.
and let's just say here we were getting questions asked like how do you know the moves from the video and you both got laid, right?
huh?
nothing
basically our answer was we learned them from a video game people just give us a weird eye and it was the same thing it was the same thing we were doing next time next time next time you need to say private lessons private lessons is your answer next time you know it's not I mean because see a game like you know even even just dance actually it's not you know just it shows you dance moves but I don't know if
DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
That was the last good one.
That was one of our first songs retired from the cage match because the video was so awesome.
It is awesome.
There's a song on there.
I don't remember which artist it is, but they have like a Tron guy dancing in the background of Just Dance 2.
But anyways, as I was going to say, I got to pick some songs and then the Ubisoft ref, she got to pick some songs and unfortunately she picked It's Raining Men.
So there is a video out there of me
Trying to beat her at, you know, I was trying to be more fabulous than she was, I guess, at that.
But I got close.
I did not beat her, though, at that song.
And thank God, because that would have been the only song that I actually beat her in, and that would not be good either.
Sorry, I just need to hear a little bit of this song here.
This song's pretty amazing.
Too bad this band never really went anywhere but this song.
Hey, um, by the way, uh, on the fact that, okay, I figured out a way to sort of try to play Guitar Hero Rock Band and, um, what else?
Rock Revolution to make the guitar point like Guitar Freaks.
Apparently all I've had to do is flip my miniature miter like it's a nine-incher miter upside down, flip it to lefty mode,
and that's how I've been able to make it play like Guitar Freaks almost.
That is a lot of effort for such a little reward.
But hey, whatever makes you happy, dude.
Alright.
We gotta let you go to get some more calls, dude.
I'm sorry, I gotta cut you off because we gotta get some more calls.
But thank you so much.
One last thing.
We actually did some DDR moves to, I think it was My Sharona.
And?
And let's just say here, one or two guys who said they might have heard your show back in the day think we should have been on Step Squad years ago and should have been at DDR Tournaments.
We've been watching a bunch of Mel B dance videos from the tournaments.
People remember the show from years ago.
Alright, well next time take an orange bat to prom, that's all I'm saying If you really want to represent the show, later Alright, 1-877-GAME-OLR if you want to give us a call Or Orange Launch Radio on Skype if you want to give us a call that way like this person is Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio, who's this?
Hey, it's Ranma, what's up everyone?
Hey, Ranma, what's up?
Not much.
To answer what you said about the Texas Instrument Calculators, they're still making them in multiple models and flavors.
I just would have thought that they were on model 90-100 by now, you know what I mean?
Instead of 82, because that was years ago.
Well, my roommate has a TI-85, but they don't make that one anymore.
From what I remember, this is from like a few months ago, they still make the 83, the 84, 84+, 84+, Silver, the 89, and one called the Inspire.
One side is a scientific calculator.
You pull the keyboard out and you flip it over.
It's like a mini computer.
That sounds like a sidekick or something.
That's crazy.
and yet that thing is like 200 bucks and around this time of the year the parents come in with the list of stuff that the kids need and if they're taking entry level algebra math they're told that they need a TI calculator.
Now who remembers the TI-99-4A?
And we remember that?
I had that.
That was a computer in the 1980s, the TI-99.
I had that.
I had that.
With the big cartridge thing on the side?
Oh, yeah, the big old cartridge slot that went on the side.
I've played so many games on that.
Oh, yeah.
That's one thing that I need to find.
Oh, I'm in Chickie Bay.
You want to get a TI-99 just for the heck of it?
Shit, yeah.
Just so you can play, like, Texas Invaders?
Wow.
Would that be Mexicans?
No, it's a Space Invaders ripoff, you...
Dingbat.
Alright.
I'm sorry, that'd be Arizona Invaders.
Stop it.
Alright.
Well, thank you for the update on Calculus.
I actually have a story to tell.
Alright, make it quick.
Okay.
I was playing Scott Pilgrim vs. the World a couple of weeks ago, and I was checking my scores on the leaderboards, and I'm going to post a link in the chatroom off of TwitPick because it makes for great radio.
Now, the funny thing is, if you look at it, I'm ranked...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I just find it funny that when I first got Rock Band, I went in and I created my band, which was my roommate's idea, which was called Rhythm and Jews.
When I put it in, it said, and I quote, Jews are banned on Xbox Live.
I think that was a programming issue.
I had to go and change the E to a 3 so I can get on and play.
Well, did you report the name for being offensive?
Because I'm thinking, you know, call me crazy, but if Mount Gay or whatever, no, Fort Gay, West Virginia is going to get banned, I have a feeling I'm a greedy Jew might be slightly offensive, and I don't think that's a town in like South Carolina or anything.
I'm pretty sure that guy's just a douchebag.
and I've seen a couple more names like that.
So I popped in Rock Band 2, flipped the 3 back to an E and I had no problem going on live.
Whatever makes you happy.
I'm just amused by it, that's all.
It just amuses me.
That's all it is.
Alright.
Now that we have one sitting in studio, I have to ask the official Jew of Orange Lounge Radio, DarkSakura, are you offended by the name I'm a Greedy Jew on Xbox Live?
I don't really get offended, I think, by other people, really, because they're the ones who are stupid and ignorant, and I'm not.
However, he could very likely just admit all the, you know, perhaps he admits that he's Maybe perhaps he is Jewish and happens to be a bit greedy.
That could be.
Maybe it's really SSJ100 Matt.
You called him in the show just to make that joke, didn't you?
You little shit.
Kind of, sorta.
However.
However.
I just have a hard time about being offended by other people's ignorance.
They're just, they're poop.
They're being poopy.
Why is that person worth my time?
I think it's a symptom of society.
I don't think it's funny.
I don't think it's funny at all.
And I'm sure it is intended to be offensive, but I would rather just not give them the satisfaction of being offended.
That's me.
Alright.
Well, Ranma, any other offensive things you want to bring to the attention of our little program?
Bababooey, Bababooey, Howard Stern Alright, bye Ranma 1877-GAME-OLR Or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio if you care to venture that way We're taking your calls live as we tape our show on this lovely Sunday evening Live, our women here are hot and ready to go What?
No What?
Sorry, confusing job Clearly, hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
Hey, can you guys hear me?
Yes, we can.
Hi.
Hi, this is DDR Dollar Bill.
DDR Dollar Bill, what's on your mind?
Hey, not much.
Two things, just real quick, that shows how hell is freezing over.
First, I'm actually getting Halo Reach.
Oh my gosh, Halo Reach around.
Are you excited for it?
Somewhat, only because it's the last game in the series, apparently, and I'm getting a $20 gift card from Best Buy, so why not?
I need to get more games that everybody can play, not just myself.
Like party games.
You could say that.
Like games are not like... What about the PlayStation Move?
I mean, it's just going to be a bunch of Wii party games on the Move.
Any interest in that?
Actually, that is the reason I'm getting it, first off, for the Move.
Aha.
There you go right there.
I'm just thinking... Oh, sorry.
Go ahead.
I was just thinking more games than just the Move games.
You know, something else...
The SingStar franchise is always a good party starter.
That's really popular at parties because it's like karaoke, one of the karaoke games.
It's a little different from Rock Band and those games because A, it's exclusively singing and lets you do duets and stuff.
And B, it actually shows the actual music videos in the background, which I think is kind of a nice touch, especially for people that aren't as familiar with video games.
It's like suddenly you have a karaoke bar in your house.
So that's all interesting in that regard.
Those are always fun games.
What else?
Fun party games on the PlayStation 3 or multiplayer events.
LittleBigPlanet, absolutely, is a PlayStation 3 exclusive.
Up to four people can play that game at once, online or in the same house.
Moderation Racers.
Oh, that's a good one, too.
That's a good one for multiplayer.
Does it have split screens?
You can do that all?
I believe it does.
Nice.
Very nice.
What are the fun little party games?
Blur.
Perhaps.
I'm trying to think of things that are exclusive.
Because you said you had a 360, right?
There is Buzz.
Oh, Buzz is very popular for parties.
That's the game showy game.
When it comes to the special controllers that are just like the A, B, C, and D answers.
And people can write their own questions and everything.
That is a big, big party game.
Wait, you can write in your own questions?
when anyone play that?
I don't know so I guess those are our suggestions so let us know what you end up buying and if you have fun with it I definitely will guys alright, well have fun with Playstation 3 keep on gaming and we'll talk to you later, okay?
alright, be good guys later, we'll try alright
That's going to do it for the Skype line tonight.
Sorry for those guys that didn't get through, but be sure to always leave us an email, mailbag at orangeloundradio.com or our Twitter, twitter.com slash OLR and so forth.
Loki, do you have any last minute stories you want to get to tonight?
It's not a lot tonight.
One is that there's a rumor that the Nintendo DS, or not the DS, the 3DS will be out in Japan in November.
This is coming from a company called Keys Factory.
They design a bunch of DS, DSi, DSi XL peripherals.
And apparently this is coming from their Twitter.
And it was saying that...
Let's see here.
It was saying November 20th is when they're expecting the system out.
So that's interesting.
It says on November 20th, 11 3DS products that we designed go on sale all at once.
People who are buying the 3DS buy it at the same time.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Um, so that's that.
And then, uh, Nights in the Nightmare, a game that was originally out on the Nintendo DS from Atlus, uh, is coming to the PSP.
And kind of as an added bonus, um, they are going to be giving you a copy, a digital copy that is, of, um, and I cannot pronounce this, but we're going to try.
Um, looks like, uh...
Yggdra Union, I guess.
Y-G-G-D-R-A And that's going to be in every launch copy of Knights of the Nightmare.
But knowing Atlas, that will be all the copies of Knights of the Nightmare on PSP.
And that's scheduled to come out November 9th.
So that's kind of cool.
And that'd be it.
Wow, that's kind of slow on the last minute news.
Yeah, it's pretty dead.
Alright.
Well, that's going to do it for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio, but not before we get around and get everybody's final thought.
DarkSakura, do you have a final thought tonight?
Sue books!
Can we please make that the fortune cookie message tonight?
I don't know what you had picked, but... Okay, okay, okay.
All right, thank you.
Thank you.
Let me pick one once in a while.
I had Louis Black, so... We'll roll him over to next week.
You won't mind.
All right.
Loki, your final thought tonight?
I don't catch that reference.
You will soon.
All right.
Is that it for your final... I don't get it.
Hopefully I'll have a connect in two weeks.
Alright.
Cross my fingers.
My final thought is I don't know.
Hi.
That's my final thought.
I don't know.
Bye.
That's my final thought.
Bye.
Have a great week everybody.
We'll see you next time here at Orange Lounge Radio.
We'll do it all again next week.
Live promptly at 6 o'clock next week.
Bobby is not on next week.
But we will still be here on September the 19th at 6 o'clock to have fun and do it all over again.
Thanks for tuning in.
Thanks for supporting the show.
And if you like what you heard, remember it's free.
Tell two people about the show.
Leave us a nice review on iTunes or any website and help us spread the word.
Viva la independent radio.
Good night, everybody.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m.
Pacific time.
or allgames.com but we're probably right anyway see you next week
