Today, September 26th, 2010, a new mini-game is found in Halo Reach, the classic video
game show is rated by the ESRB.
What website will bribe you with Microsoft Points to use it?
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge
Radio.
We are that video game talk show where every gamer has a voice.
We tape live at All Games Radio every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern
right after the Bobby Black Wolf show, www.allgames.com to listen live.
My name is Rob Roberts.
I'll be joining you over, I forgot my name for a minute there, I'll be joining you over
the next few hours with my co-host, the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Crunchy.
How are you?
Crunchy.
Good.
Crunchy the Bagel Queen.
Okay, can that be your new name tonight?
Crunchy the Bagel Queen?
No.
Please?
No.
Okay.
Also joining us, say hello to Tech Master Loki.
Hello.
How are you doing Tech Master Loki?
I'm doing fine.
Good.
See, I remembered your guys' names even though Crunchy the Bagel Queen wants to go buy something
else tonight.
Alright, also, I just got the finger, alright.
Also say hello to special guests we have in the studio tonight.
In fact, they had so much fun last week, they're back for more, suckers.
Say hello to the Doctor and, okay, and Rice Princess.
I like that you're psychic to the point where you can't remember your own name.
That's wonderful.
Okay, she's referencing a phone call we just, okay, every week on the, just for those that
only download the podcast and don't listen live, every week we do a phone call before
the show is live with Bobby Blackwolf, the gentleman who does the show before us.
And I don't know, I claim to have ESP or something, but Loki was actually reading Bobby's mind,
not mine.
I don't know.
It was dumb.
Like even repeating the story is really dumb.
Wouldn't that mean I have ESP?
That's because you're psycho and have ESPN.
This is really, really dumb.
For real.
For real, real.
For real.
Alright.
Rob, it's for reals, okay.
Chat.orangelaunchrater.com if you want to join us live and chat with us tonight.
You got a fan in chat, Darkisque's in chat saying, Rice Princess, we loves you.
Aw, thanks.
I love you too, whoever you are.
You don't even know him.
No, I really don't.
But thank you.
I like you too.
Rama says, I thought tonight was a repeat as many times as Jamie said crunchy lol.
No, it's, we're live here on this lovely September evening of 2008, no, I'm kidding.
Alright.
It's 2010 of course, we're live and we're going to talk about all the latest and greatest
in video games and all that.
But of course we're going to start off the show as we always do with a little bit of
how was your gaming week?
Dark Sakura?
Crunchy the bagel queen?
How was your, how was your gaming week?
I love Plants vs. Zombies a lot.
Like I was supposed to go to bed at midnight a couple nights ago, so I was going to Apple
Hill on the weekend.
Okay, your mic is full of fail.
You gotta grab it.
Okay.
I got it.
Alright.
Nothing ever.
I had to go to bed early one night and cause we were going to Apple Hill the next day,
which is awesome and has lots of apple juice.
Apple Hill's awesome.
Yes.
Anyway, um, but instead of going to bed on time when I was supposed to, I was up for
three hours playing Plants vs. Zombies and didn't even realize how late I was up playing
Plants vs. Zombies and did it again yesterday.
And I love that game.
Plants vs. Zombies is freaking rad and then I played some Final Fantasy 13.
How many times can this dude say hero?
For those of, you know, our listeners that aren't local to the Sacramento area, Apple
Hill is a place a little bit up, um, I guess a little Eastern from us, um, it's Camino
California up the hill, I guess if you will, um, where they have a lot of apples and crafts
and stuff and, um, I mean the apple cider's awesome, but apple cider's, you know, awesome
all the time, but it's crafts.
No, they have lots of good organic markets there.
And a corn maze.
But, but, they don't have a corn maze.
They're just no corn.
Is that a maze maze?
They had a corn maze when I went there like years ago, like 10 years ago.
Well I had never been, okay?
I'm from Alabama where we have stuff like swamps.
Um, swamp hill, but they've got craft, the blueberry swamp is, there was a place there
that had a really good lamb burger of which I got lamb burger juice all over my hands
and wiped it off on a lamb.
Is there, is there a lamb?
That is sick.
PETA is going to be calling any minute now.
Here's your sister.
Come here.
That's gross.
And for the record, I went shopping at the organic market up there and I picked heirloom
tomatoes, fell down the hill.
My knee looks better than it did.
You took a tumble down apple hill.
Well, it was funny is that this is the awesome part.
This was the awesome part was that I, uh, when I fell on my knees, I really bruised
up my knee really bad, but I did not tear my jeans.
So you were a bruised apple hill.
She peels.
I'll be here all night, everybody.
But a bump.
Don't forget to tip your waitress.
Okay.
Indeed.
So I love how your gaming week is like, yeah, I play plan for zombies and a little more
fun fancy 13 and Oh my God, apples, apples, apples, apples, apples, and I'm not talking
max.
I got fudge.
Oh, congrats.
They do have an apple cider milkshake.
That's pretty good though.
We had lunch at the place has had the apple milkshakes and it's so good video games are
pretty cool.
Let's go to apple hill and pack some fudge.
Just like crunchy, the bagel queen.
We don't need to go to apple hill to do that.
All right.
All right.
You guys have earned it.
Hold on.
What I love is that your mic is so crappy.
It won't pick that thing up.
Anyway.
All right.
My mic is not crappy.
It's the swear bear in you have a swear bear.
What is a swear bear?
It's a bear that makes really obscene comments and it has two different settings on the back
of it has a switch, which I thought was an on off switch and for the longest time kept
saying kiss my ass instead of like all the, instead of all the wonderful things he normally
says, but like he will say of course kiss my ass and he'll say, um, eat shit and die
motherfucker, you know, but I have it on my desk and it just, it's a really cute looking
bear that says, hug me or press press me and like it's chest and some people are like,
Oh, it's a bear.
What the fuck did they just say to me?
I know.
Seriously.
Why do we not have a swear bear here in the studio?
I will bring it in next week.
You know what?
I'm not going to be here next week.
So I think that's too bad.
Why don't you have the swear?
Why don't you have the swear bear sit in for me next week?
I'm sorry.
I ate it.
Okay.
So.
Sure.
Loki.
How was your gaming week?
Um, it was pretty brief cause I don't have a lot of time and place of at home, but, um,
you know, I've been playing a lot of iPod games and stuff.
Uh, well, okay.
Really only one iPod game and playing plants versus zombies.
Uh, I can't help it.
It's so addicting.
Um, but yeah, it's, it's an awesome game, so you should get it really on any platform
that you can.
Um, then also of course more grand theft auto and that was pretty much it.
It's, I don't know.
It's fun.
We went back, like I said, to, uh, the Lost and Damned expansion and, um, I kinda, I kinda
missed the old, uh, open world actual death matches and stuff instead of being confined
to a really small portion of the map.
So it's kinda nice to do that and we're gonna be modding it again soon.
So we'll be back to the incredible games that we used to play.
Um, and then since she brought up something completely unrelated to the games, I thought
I'd bring something up that, you know, totally missed the boat on, like, years ago when it
came out.
But, um, this morning I actually watched that movie, uh, Shoot Em Up.
That movie is fucking crazy.
Oh, I don't know.
Um, I've never seen a person kill more people with a carrot than, you know, in that movie.
He, he murdered literally, like, 12 to 15 people with a carrot.
It didn't, like, break at any point?
No, different carrots.
Oh.
He, like, you know, shoved one through a guy's throat.
He stabbed a person in the eye with a carrot.
It was just, it was so, the movie, it, from the beginning, was just so over the top.
What the fuck movie is this?
It's with, um, oh, what the fuck is his name, uh.
That actor that nobody knows.
I don't know.
Yeah, I can't think of any.
That guy who did that thing in that place.
Yeah.
But no, it's a really, um, really just over the top movie.
If they spend, like, two minutes where it's just kinda, okay, normal, and then it's just,
like, boom, all action, just all the time.
Like, over the top.
Over the top action.
Just gratuitous.
They're having sex in a gunfight at the same time.
I mean, there's, oh, there, there's parts where he is, um, he was doing something with
a baby.
Oh.
Oh my.
Shoot Em Up is a 2007 action film starring Clive Owen, Clive Owen, Paul Giamatti, and
Monica Bellucci.
She was the hot chick in The Matrix, huh?
And she was the hot chick in that movie, too.
She was a, she was a lactating prostitute that he brought the baby to, to feed.
Wow.
Sounds like a real family fun film.
No, it's awesome, though.
Seriously, it is, like, such an awesome movie, and I do idolize the fact that he killed people
that annoyed him.
Like, he's all, you know, my pet pet, like, there's, like, one part, after a gunfight,
they're, like, getting away from these bad guys, and this guy cuts them off without,
you know, he's merged lanes without signaling.
So he chased the guy down, slammed him off the road, and then, you know, made him get
in a car accident.
There was some other guy that was slurping a, you know, milkshake, he shot the milkshake.
Another guy that had, like, really nasty-looking toenails, so he blew off his toes.
Of course, they were holding up.
I could have swore that Loki said, let's talk about actual video games this week.
Yeah, but then he said.
I did!
For, like, five seconds.
This is his Apple Hill moment.
Just give it to him, Rob.
Geez.
No, seriously, I mean, I totally missed this when it came out in theaters, but, you know,
it was, like, on DVD and Blu-ray and stuff like that, until it was on, you know, cable
TV.
No, seriously, it's such an awesome movie.
Just way over the top.
I don't understand why it didn't do better than it did in the box office, because it
was just such a crazy movie.
If I'm understanding this correctly, he's killing anyone that even slightly annoys him?
Like, there's no anger issues at all in this movie.
Not everybody, but, like, usually it's like, you know, just, I don't know, it's just lots
of funny one-liners in there, and just really ridiculous stuff, you know, at one point he
gets both of his thumbs broken, and he's, like, firing the gun in really weird ways.
He uses the carrot a lot, like, he uses the carrot to fire the gun, he jams a carrot into
the trigger of an Uzi and throws the Uzi, like, at the bad guys, and it's just, it's
so ridiculous.
Oh, there's one scene in the warehouse where he rigs this elaborate pulley system with
all these guns, and, like, they're coming after him, he's watching them on security
cameras and firing different guns in remote places, it's just ridiculous, but it would
make such an awesome video game.
Yeah, and this is called when?
And that's how we bring it back.
And this is called again?
Shoot Em Up.
Shoot Em Up.
That sounds like a lot of video games, actually.
No, seriously, I think it was, like, one of the most incredible movies I've ever seen.
I mean, I think it even surpasses, like, Wanted for me, you know, because Wanted I thought
was a pretty awesome action movie, but this is just ridiculous.
This is, like, big hit ridiculous and then some.
I love the big hit.
Oh, that movie is ridiculous.
All right, wow.
Back to Shoot Em Up Radio.
I have a torrent ready.
Okay.
I mean, I have a YouTube clips of it ready.
Of course.
My Gaming Week.
Today, I actually played Plants vs. Zombies.
I'm not even kidding.
I played for, like, five minutes.
Oh, wow, is there an echo in the room?
Um, yeah.
Other games I played this week.
I played a little more of Lara Croft and the Guardian of Light because I hadn't really
played it since the week it came out and I was like, oh, I want to beat more of it because
it's such a cool game.
So I want to play more of that.
So I did.
What?
What's that?
Sorry.
I remembered another game I played.
Is she just going to cut me off for your game?
I see how it is.
Sorry.
Well, you mentioned you made me think about it.
Fine.
What?
Droplets.
The hell's that?
It's a little puzzle game on Steam.
$2.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
You know what?
I've got to go play that, too, because I got gifted a copy of that.
Yeah.
So I got to check that out.
I just didn't this week.
You should think about-
It's actually fun.
I'll check it out.
I've heard good things about it.
You should think about fitting Earthbound into there somewhere, Rob.
At some point.
Yes.
I know.
Yes.
You're a little behind, like, many years.
Stop.
And, let's see, I played World of Warcraft a lot because it's awesome.
Dork.
Shut up.
You played, too.
Shut up.
I played something new.
I played Need for Speed World, which is the free MMO, because it's free.
It's an MMO?
It's a free Need for Speed MMO.
It came up on the show a couple of weeks ago.
I have to know.
What do you do?
Do you just race against people?
To be honest, it really isn't much different from a Need for Speed game on, like, Xbox
360.
At least that's how it felt to me, is just that, you know, other people would show up
in races.
It was like, okay, you remember Test Drive on the 360?
I don't know if you ever played it, but you would just see other people as you're driving
by in the world.
Like you'd just kind of drive by them and there'd be, like, actual people on their 360s
out on the road that you'd be driving by.
Except none of them were me, because if they were me, I'd be driving off-road because that's
all I did with those cars.
Well, you sometimes see people doing that, too.
It's pretty much like that, but, like, it's kind of such a clusterfuck that, like, in
the first couple, like, I guess around a race or something, there's no collision detection
because, like, seriously, there'll be, like, 20 cars piled up where all the cars happen
to start, so it looks kind of funny with all these names.
So I didn't really get the MMO part of it, but...
And the cops are very dumb in that game.
Well, but as a free need...
They can't figure out how to get you off-road.
It's like, where'd he go?
Hold on, though, because I don't want to sound like I'm talking negative about the game,
because let's not neglect the fact it is a free need-for-speed game.
I didn't pay anything for it, and it's totally free, so hey, you know, it's really hard for
me to sit here and say, you know, talk bad about a free game, because it actually was
pretty decent.
And the only free games I can think of that I can talk bad about are Yaris, of course,
Totem Ball.
That was really bad.
I mean, there's only a handful, so...
But this is worth your time to look, especially if you're, like, a fan of racing games or
you like need-for-speed.
It plays a lot like one of the Xbox games that I've played in the past, so...
Oh.
Yeah, why not?
All right.
Check that out.
Cool.
Other than that, not a whole lot.
I was playing some new iPhone games, because who doesn't love iPhone games?
The Game Center games.
There's a game in there called Word Challenge, and I was a little scared at first because
it's by Zynga.
Because there's words in it, and I was really scared.
I know.
I was like, oh, but I'm illiterate.
But I actually thought it's...
It's basically Boggle.
You know the old game with Dias Boggle?
I do.
But it's free, and you can play online, and there's challenges, and it's...
Did I mention free?
The free part's good.
So is that why it's called Word Challenge?
Word Challenge?
Yes, because it involves words.
And it's challenging.
Okay.
It's challenging, because some of these words, I'm like, I never knew that was a word.
Like the?
Like what?
I don't know.
What does that mean?
You want to play around on here?
You made that word up.
Every obscure three-letter word.
You know.
That's like playing Scrabble Solitaire.
What does it all mean?
I guess.
I don't know.
I could go in and look up some obscure words.
They have that one game that's on the App Store now.
It's like some pirate version of Scrabble, where all the words are like R.
There's only so many words you can do in pirate-speak.
R, and then Rrrrrrrrrrr?
No, but that's literally what it was.
Yeah, it was literally that.
It was kind of a joke for Talk Like a Pirate Day or whatever.
Oh, I see.
Ooooh, why do you know that?
Let's see, I'm actually launching the game right now so I can read some of the obscure
words.
I'm going into the challenges, because X-Link dared to send me some challenges.
And I whooped him.
But...
let's see what are some of the wagers eager look at some of the like like
these aren't words you think of like as you're playing these days let me look at
some of like okay you're eager that's not a word it is a word according it's
bad English it's like you're eager t-w-a-e-t way I've never I was what
wait w-a-e-t way like I did you say I see tire and I see twas and I get those like
twas the night before Christmas but way I've never heard of that and I almost
said twig but I know how to toy gives um what's a Vega V IGA Vega I don't know
that sounds dirty a Vega I think it's like it sounds like part of a word like
vegetable vagina okay the definition of Vega one of the heavy rafters and
especially a log supporting the roof of an American Indian or Spanish
architecture of the southwest cuz I fucking know Spanish architect Jesus
don't you feel sheepish now I do don't know that word all right you're more
eager and what is the Scottish variant of two oh so fucking Scottish words are
in the game I guess word would be banned and scrabble just saying alright so
anyway that's my playing that's my one problem with this game is that just like
totally you could just drag your finger around the board and connect three
letters as long as there's a value probably have a word so if you might be
able to make a word out of nothing but vowels actually alright how about the
our guests how was your gaming week the doctor well much like rice princess I
only own a Nintendo Wii so Nintendo of America I haven't playing video games at
all what do you been doing in real life did you Apple Hill I went I did and I
and I hate Captain Picard what it's first princess is showing me Captain
Picard Captain Picard and I went to Apple Hill apparently and we ate lots of
apples and had sex all right don't make things up all right you should make a
drink named after you know Star Trek and call it Bacardi salacious salacious pop
in our chat room says Aviga is a little vajay from Italy that hipsters right
around on all right rice princess I don't know if you have anything you want
to share about your gaming week but I thought I'd try anyway I played
homework for the PC did you and insomnia for the bed and that's about it that's
my gaming week in action you need to get a little like one of those like books to
read in bed I need to get one of those little books you know that's what
they're called right but well I think that any reader device or something like
an iPhone or a Kindle or something and then I'm like one of those things with
paper and words but then I'm like I'm like look at this game and see if books
is you didn't let me finish my thought but no I was like oh rice princesses
poor so I price just leave it for you fucker
rub it in my face loves you well you can just take junk mail staple it together
and pretend it's a book books I have to buy like $500 books for school I should
probably read them but no I won't book should be $500 I mean I realize that you
realize that yeah publishing companies are like well we can't make money on the
books we have to keep re-releasing the same crap in church $500 well and plus
they're not giving a discount on the iBooks and stuff now which I think is
ridiculous for schools well I prefer like paper books anyway so it seems to
me though that they should be given since they're not distributing the paper
they should give a discount some of the books end up being cheaper anyway though
I've gotten a few through Amazon that are just end up being something like
maybe $30 cheaper than my old textbook for the Kindle well I use the Kindle app
on my phone hmm so then like it's a lot better than bringing a whole big book
with me I actually bought a book in iBooks this week iPhone no it's like a
real is this the first time you bought a book in like 30 years probably no I buy
books here and there but Judy Bloom it was not a shitty balloon book screen it
was actually a political book which one I know weird I don't want to get into it
because okay politics is controversial like a Playboy app on there and the
problem is it's like everything in Playboy other than the nudity and it's
like no one wants to read that nobody it's like wait a minute post
advertisement man where are the titties but no it's just articles so that was my
gaming week awesome yeah sounds like fun it was all right now before we get into
some gaming news of yes we we do have some on the show housekeeping I'm not
going to be here next week because I'm going to be in Los Angeles at the
happiest place on earth with all the happy people so I won't be here next
week however they're still going to be a show dark soccer is going to be here
look he's going to be here and they're running things so good luck you all right
so enjoy next week's show while I'm not here also joining us on Facebook
facebook.com slash orange launch radio and twitter.com slash olr is where you
can find us on Twitter lots of fun any housekeeping you want to add rice
princess no okay all right let's get into some gaming news Loki you want to
start us off tonight apparently I GM claims to have received technical specs
for the Nintendo DS 3ds Nintendo DS we know what's in it now years after it's
come out stickers and puppies in myspace.com ah let's see apparently the
handheld system will be using the DMP pick a 200 GPU wow that's impressive
except I don't know what it is um running as slowed down 166 megahertz
along with two arm 11 CPUs running at 266 megahertz and that's a lot of
megahertz right no of course not which of course it doesn't seem to back the
rumor that it was running the Nvidia Tegra chips and it says according to IGN
as well they will also have a looks like a gig and a half of flash memory for
storage much like the DS eyes do now except you know a little bit more
apparently numerous developers are working on software for the platform
obviously since they showed a bunch of stuff at e3 anyways and said that
they've likened the graphical capabilities to current generation
consoles like Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 albeit on smaller lower resolution
screens that's Connie and apparently I guess it's only gonna have 64 megs of
RAM which doesn't really compare you know favorably to like you know the
iPhones half a gig see that's what I don't understand is why they can't put
more RAM in these things I mean because RAM isn't that expensive and you know
kind of sucks when you don't have enough of it it's just my thought so yeah do
the cartridges not have it on there um no they don't but see that's the other
thing is so I don't understand why you couldn't do that say for example have
more RAM on the cartridge or something I don't know it's kind of dumb like even
when the Xbox 360 came out they have like what like 256 megs of RAM or
something in there I'm like you're releasing a system now that has like 256
megs of RAM when computers have well over that I mean we're not talking like
a computer from say the year 2000 or something I mean we're talking about an
Xbox 360 that's coming out years later and technology has just gotten way
better I mean you have a cutting-edge you know CPU GPU and you know all this
other stuff but oh we're only gonna stick like four megs of RAM in there you
know and we're gonna run DOS or something it's like don't skimp on
important stuff like that but I guess their reasoning behind is that first off
the 3ds doesn't have an iOS or some sort of operating system the hog resources
and also because it's low resolution it's not going to use as much RAM does
it explain how the 3d without glasses works though no 3d without glasses it's
basically like we talked about that like six months ago no it works very much
like those oh and I of course can't remember what they're called now you
have you seen those like for example kind of a hologram things that they have
lenticular it's like a lenticular page or something like that where basically
there's lenses in there that force half the image into one eye and half the
image into the other eye and it makes it seem like it's popping out or not
necessarily popping out but going back in it gives it depth so that's how it
works oh there's actually a person standing behind the DS and like holding
stuff in front of your face tiny tiny digital midget is how it's done mm-hmm
so there will be plenty of sex games on the 3ds then what I would assume so yes
it's powered by the force all right I don't know what powers this game but
there's gonna be a apparently a reboot rumored of Tomb Raider this you know
this has been rumored for some time and it's kind of a duh because you know
Tomb Raider it's been making those games for times now I don't know seriously
well the last one a reboot and then the last one before that a reboot I guess I
don't know but well and then this Laura Croft game was also kind of a reboot but
it was more like let's go this way with it let's make kind of a different game
with the same character it's it's it's kind of different yes it's worked well
all those times well actually some of them weren't bad and this most recent
one the Laura Croft game is the most interesting one I think I've played
since the first two on the PC years ago but they got it right then they wouldn't
be rebooting it every few years well I think there's supposed to be different
different franchises like I think there's gonna be new Laura Croft games
for the arcade download and then the DVD blu-ray games will be these this this
reboot or whatever that's been rumored for some time and in an interview with
I'm sorry not an interview but a report from Eurogamer apparently says that the
latest issue a PC gamer I guess I get their eyes on it first says that the new
Tomb Raider is indeed happening it's supposed to be set on a Japanese island
and it will offer Laura in an open world it's a quote cohesive level with
multiple ways around the puzzles so it's one giant level I guess is how this game
is supposed to work Croft 64 something like that they're gonna say that Laura
is quote younger and inexperienced in the ways of raiding tombs I love that
quote she's inexperienced in raiding tombs she just needs a strong man to
share the way they're guessing holiday 2011 for Xbox 360 PlayStation 3 and PC
notice how I left out the Wii as long as you can lock everybody in the freezer
I'll be happy she looks so mad in that picture but a little picture yeah I you
know obviously I really like the game that was on Xbox so it's kind of the
download that's coming out on the other platforms really soon so if that's kind
of the direction they're going with it I'm I'm all for it although it's not
supposed to be that they've said it's gonna be a completely different kind of
game I guess more like the original but I don't know like the latest game on the
arcade kind of has me excited about Lara Croft again so this could be good I
liked back when the early rumors were suggesting it was more of a survival
horror game like if that's true and I think that's awesome that doesn't even
make sense though how is there a segue between Tomb Raider and then oh did you
ever see the descent the movie the descent did see the where it's all the
chicks in the cave and it's like one of the scariest movies I've ever seen
oh come on I don't think I've ever seen a scarier movie than the descent but it
wasn't that the whole time like I've seen much scarier movies than that like
the Care Bears movie shit was scary man Pokemon three assholes like you know
caverns or something like that fraggle rock the movie give you nightmares it
didn't really give me nightmares it actually like I bet I'm so I'm kind of
sick like it actually made me want to go like explore a cave just so I could get
scared more I want well hold on and now you know though what every gay guy in
Ammon our County does rob rice princess I wanted to go spelunking were you gonna
go I asked spelunking you'll laugh if I tell you the only movie that gave me
nightmares huh poltergeist 3 some of the poltergeist movies were kind of scary it
was the mirrors freaked out over mirrors for like a week I'm not even kidding
about the Care Bears movie like there's this one part where they go into the fun
house and it's like the guy's chasing him and he looks like you know crazy and
I'm just like ah I love it oh no we watched labyrinth last night and I always
get freaked out with the creatures that take their heads off I know they're no
that when I was a little kid I would fast forward through that scene like no
joke scared the crap out of me and you guys are fucking trivializing my
this is have to do a Tomb Raider scary forest and then rice princess and I
earlier we were talking about you know return to Oz and I'm sorry like I don't
know how like any of you that are in like your late 20s early 30s that saw
return to Austin it was in theaters that movie scarred me like it was she had the
fucking head glasses it was scary it was based off the directly off the books
yeah like all you know watered down like the other movie and I think that they
should do more of those types of movies okay I gotta get watered down I gotta go
to our chat room chat that orange on twitter.com bonds double-oh-six says the
transformer movie from the 80s cuz someone died and I almost cried oh you
know what and they say shit no bumblebees like oh shit no it wasn't
bumblebee it was cliffjumper no it was bumblebee but no no it wasn't it was
what's-his-face his dad said oh shit it isn't dented no one that when they were
crashing into Cybertron oh yeah towards the beginning bumblebee goes oh shit no
no no that wasn't that wasn't him I think it was no it was figure it out oh
my god nerd battle I have seen I own the movie on laserdisc video CD and two
DVDs of it okay and I have watched them right yes okay point that I have lines
memorized okay and it was spike okay I got one more one more quick line here
from chat chat on original calm salacious pop says lol Irene I ain't mad
cuz if I was mad you would be dead I'm on seven I'm on seven you don't want to
see me on ten let's see some of the other movies be named in chat right now
labyrinth yeah legend with the young it was it was no legend there's a scene I
cannot watch that movie the scene at the beginning where he's talking about the
unicorns oh that scene that you we can't talk about cuz it's a spoiler yeah no
the scene at the beginning when Tim Curry's like talking about unicorns and
he's like mother night let your duck surround me and I'm like yes are both
wrong it was frenzy that's on YouTube no I'm talking about when they blew up the
ship on the on Unicron that was the one that spike said so dark soccer and you
got more gaming news for us Robert Stack was in that in Orson Welles and Leonard
Nimoy hey Orson Welles was there and then he died yeah that's sort of like
what happened to Ralph Julia the one that said the one that said it is even
dented oh shit what are we gonna do now at spike yes I was okay okay thank you I
am BB anyway oh and and Robert Stack its character said damn it anyway there's
somebody we need to bring back as a zombie Robert Stack hell yeah okay any
who Atari launched this thing called Atari go and they want to make classic
games good for social gaming ooh
basically Tom Kozak who is the executive VP of online and mobile gaming said that
they're gonna use Atari's catalog and independent developers to I guess provide
more casual and online social gaming basically it's here's our old shit you
don't have an Atari play this and I could go no sir you're wrong I have
several I don't need your online blaming we've played their games on like every
system that's been released ever yay I can play Missile Command again and then
like I could put mr. awesome on my friends list on Facebook and then just
you know get all these little like pokes and graphics about how much better he is
at Missile Command to me why can't we just like have Atari go sit in their
corner and stop putting out their old shit how about Atari no well they're
also though are doing more things for the core games as well like they have a
Facebook tie-in that's going to unlock extra con or might unlock extra content
for test drive unlimited 2 and then asteroids online and deer hunter deer
hunter online are they're gonna be reimaginings of those in a socialized
context and I quoted that how does one socialize and asteroids hey rock dude I
shot your rock oh yeah well my rocks now three that's what's gonna be on Facebook
like it'll come up and it'll be all Jamie shot your rock and asteroids click
here to shoot her back this is all free though right I hope if it's Facebook it's
got to be right I don't know they use they use the word that I hate oh my
microtransactions fun so yeah I will make the most microtransactions
transaction is a trend zero trends but I've been on that site recently I think
after this whole thing launched and like I was able to play Missile Command for
free that some of the newer ones were gonna have the whole microtransaction I
literally played one level and I was like Oh Missile Command back to porn I
wonder if those different kind of Missile Command that's basically everyone's night
on the internet every day Rob oh look something cool porn well wait a second
why don't they do that I mean if you think about it it makes perfect sense to
me everybody is looking for casual gaming and porn so why not make like a
Facebook that's like you know full of porn and like you asked book and just
have like you know tons of casual games you know they could be like Missile
Command and stuff but they're no they have porn in the background or you know
it's you're playing against porn stars or they're porno things where you have
like a big dildo shooting floating vaginas or something yeah sure whatever
yeah yeah sure whatever you know support any kind of work come on coming soon to
the PC it's the Atari go I don't like it stop it right hey remember that one we
bought years and years ago for Rob and it was like summer boys something like
that in the back said like watch these boys beat the heat and their meat in
this crazy sex drive bringing this up on our video game talk show that's the best
line I've ever seen on the back of a DVD ever it's why we bought it for you Rob
Wow cuz you like to watch gay porn but Rob so does Jamie but Rob has the
ability to sleep through very noisy gay porn Wow at Disneyland oh yeah I
remember the clincher right there at Disneyland we were we all we all went to
Disneyland on the trip with with the giggling lesbians of orange on radio
story the giggling lesbians of orange it was Kristen and Meg's ego to play Atari
game and then we're all like awake and Rob's like all the girls we had a suite
and it was like the living room with a fold with the height of bed and then
there was a closed-off room with two double beds in it and so Kristin Meg's
he had one and I ignored their slurp you know he says oh my and I was and I was I
was you know so we all wore awake before Rob and Rob's just like dead to the
world and very interesting like with this pillow half over said it was funny
hold on watch if you listen carefully can you hear it yeah you hear all that
clicking yeah that's all the people unsubscribing from all our right now so
so Kristen takes out her laptop this is I brought gay porn and so it's really
loud and she turns up her computer all the way and Rob's just like we let it
play through like the biggest you know this aquatic scene that would make show
girls I don't really be shamed I have one more idea for a game this is
actually not it's not too bad I mean it's all right you know know how they
have that kind of hobby that's geocaching or you know I guess GPS
hunting that type of stuff you call it fine porn or found porn and basically
hide porn around there and mark it on your GPS you know location people can go
find the porn or there could be a naked slut yeah that's way too much work I'm
gonna do that on my computer oh I found porn and I'm gonna watch it that's
that's the new Google Earth a little click you can do like just randomly you
have to search the Google Earth for like random porn place and rent please one
time at work I was trying to type in Google and I typed in goggle and it
brought up porn years ago it was a typo good job that's like when you tell
people at work like oh yeah if you want to see the latest so what's going on you
you go to whitehouse.com with the president because whitehouse.com I don't
know if it still is we used to be a porno site hmm cuz whitehouse.gov is the
correct oh clever how about video game news did you know we do that you're on
orange on radio once in a while why would we do that I don't know
Loki do you have some are you busy looking for making sure it up it's not a
real website anymore it used to be used to be yeah anyways big brother was
watching they were and they were amused so super street fighter 4 is not coming
out on PC I know people are probably surprised considering it's been months
since it's been released but uh it's not coming on PC because apparently games
are pirated and stuff on the PC so yeah they didn't want to release it on PC I
guess what does that mean I think that their first Street Fighter 4 game got
pirated a lot now I think apparently they said in a recent interview with
fourgamer.net that Yoshin Nori Oh No confirmed that while the PC version of
Street Fighter 4 was a big seller worldwide wait a second that sold a lot
and wasn't really pirated that much then okay whatever the publisher has no plans
to put the new and improved super Street Street Fighter 4 iteration on home
computers new platforms high rate of piracy they said that the port is still
possible if Capcom can find reasonable DRM solution for the title you honestly
just forget it I mean cuz you're gonna waste all this damn time spend all this
money on DRM solution and be cracked in a day I mean just put it out really it's
you're not gonna get pirated any less than if you have DRM on it then not
having DRM on it do you think there's gonna come a time when the companies
just start saying you know what too bad so sad for the people that can't handle
this but the DRM now is that you must connect to the internet and you have to
put in a unique serial number just like you do for a lot of MMOs like World of
Warcraft and stuff do you think the day is coming where you know what that too
bad so sad if that DRM doesn't work for you but piracy has gotten so bad that we
have no other choice cuz I keep thinking in my mind I kind of I'm surprised the
companies haven't got to this point you know as much as I don't like it as a
consumer it would surprise me at all if they started going there it's possible
that they do that but even sometimes there's ways around that around getting
the phone home and types you know that kind of thing you could for example have
a program running in the background that mimics their authentication server and
you just change the forwards on like a certain IP address on your computer so
that it forwards to that they've done that for a few things you know like some
of the Adobe programs and stuff like that you phone home and you can disable
that I would know so I mean don't get me wrong I don't I don't want folks to hear
me the wrong way I'm not like saying like I support this DRM to start
happening but I wouldn't be surprised if companies kind of felt like there was no
other choice and by this way of like big companies like Microsoft and stuff that
put out these operating systems and they supposedly have these ways that you know
the system you know calls home that you know authenticate Windows and that kind
of thing and yet there's still pirated versions out there despite the fact
there oh Windows 7 no we're gonna have stronger security and part it it's like
okay so that took three seconds instead of two seconds okay well in the
interest of the companies I mean DRM is not always gonna work I mean it some
people may not want to spend the effort to try to get past it usually it just
ends up hurting the people that bought the game legitimately and all it really
does is delay when people pirate the game so that does drive some sales for
people but they have to also realize a lot of people that we're gonna you know
pirate the game probably we're gonna buy it originally so you technically not
losing sales because if they can't pirate the game they're just not gonna
download it and they're not gonna play it they're not gonna you know unless
it's a really really good game they're not gonna go out and buy it all right
hmm you guys remember the old like pathetic ways that they used to like try
to stop pirating like we're gonna put a crazy word in the instruction booklet
that you have to know like to get past the thing it's like yeah well then you
just told all your friends what's the second word on page four of the manual
yeah I'm yeah and what's the crazy you know third day of the week the way we
said you know it was like and then you just tell all your friends and it
doesn't matter the wheels I don't know the wheels yeah they for the Lucasarts
games they had wheels that you had to rotate around at different things and
then you'd have to read a code number out of one of the slots or something
what wah wah and those even didn't work either because you could either
photocopy the manual or you can rip apart that disk and photocopy the disk
so once again it doesn't matter what DRM solutions they put out there even if
it's a USB dongle or something like that some really expensive programs like
graphic programs so like that that are you know thousands of dollars will
actually have a physical device that needs to be plugged into the computer to
work those still can be pirated though because people find ways to mimic
whatever that device is and there's no way around everything everybody's gonna
find a way around something given them out you know a significant amount of
time there will always be a way around something because if you can make it
someone else can make it again all right well speaking of a game that was
somewhat hurt by piracy allegedly halo reach I came out of course a couple
weeks ago and if you already have beat the game and you're already bored of it
maybe there should be a mini game that you should go play that is actually
hidden in halo reach it's called reach racer and it's a warthog racing game
that is inside reach what happens is that if two people get to a spot in the
oni sword base you can actually play this little mini game reach racer oh you
all right over there you made me drop my mic sorry about that trauma I hey I
think I think that's kind of cool I like when there's fun little things like that
in a game so I just know all morning I was hearing boom yay boom yay boom yay
all morning why was Dan playing halo reach yes is that what he actually says
yeah no it has a little party mode thing in there where you get a headshot kids
go and then they put on the duck boots from Castlevania go right sorry bones
double o6 and share bonds double o6 and chat says okay that almost made me want
to get reach that's kind of cool well the the forge editor and the reach
anyways it's just really incredible anyways so maybe that's your thing going
back up a little bit in chat Robert M is talking about the copy protection thing
it says the pages with red paper to keep it from being copied I remember those
two there were manuals that would have like the red paper so ridiculous but it
kind of worked for a little bit like until the internet came out where it's
color scanners and they're like foil again color copies not available to copy
these CDs alright release dates coming up in a minute but first dark Sakura
well there has been something that has been spotted a new Wii controller
oh it's actually the Wii remote plus that seems to be a combination of the
Wii motion plus and the Wii remote and it's gonna be coming with a game called
fling smash that well it looks like tennis but with a crazy-ass ball so you
have to use this ball guy named zip and you use your controller I guess to smack
them around the different places I'd I'd have to see more than just this this
picture and now there is no date out for the UK the game is listed but not the
special controller so I don't know when they're gonna get it overseas I can't
help but feel this is like kind of like a Wii play type thing it is throw in a
controller with a subpar game there was there is no interest in this game
whatsoever not that I'm judging this game without playing it but I'm just
gonna take a wild guess and guess didn't say it's not very good it will be the
best game of the there'll be the best-selling game of the year because it
comes with a stupid remote well if you think about the games 50 bucks and you
get a remote that's probably worth at least 50 bucks because I'm sure it's
gonna be more than just the normal remote and people should get pissed off
because now they bought a remote and super emotional plus and now they come
out with something that's all-in-one despite the fact that perhaps they
should have I don't know put it all in one to begin with so that they could do
all the stuff that they said they were gonna be able to do it prints money
dark use K and chat says whatever we is dead you guys agree no what what do you
think rice princess we have a week now I use it for Netflix it's
poop it's doing all right it's just there's I mean the games coming out that
were our big releases for Nintendo I just don't really care too much about
like ooh it's Donkey Kong Country again wow that's awesome I remember playing
that back on super Nintendo let's not forget how amazed and in all we all were
after e3 at you know their lineup and yes I was impressed with Metroid other
M and then it sucked wow that's awesome thank you I'm glad that team ninja
really pulled it off oh but it sucked and then you know new Zelda game whoop
these shit it's just a brighter more colorful cheerful Twilight Princess with
new gadgets and shit I mean I don't know it's it was it was sounds like fun it
was it was a difference between like you know what it looks like on paper what it
actually comes out to be and I don't know the 3ds 3ds will be kind of cool
you'll have to check out what the games look like and stuff like that but as far
as like the console releases for this year from Nintendo I could care less
yeah Kirby's epic yarn I guess looks all right it's kind of a neat design for the
game but you know like Donkey Kong I could care less or couldn't care less I
guess because care less that makes no sense and then fling smash well no one
cares about fling smash except now that has a you know stupid controller thing
in it all right well let's travel around the world and look at some release dates
of things that are coming out to a store near you real soon this week actually
some pretty cool stuff coming out of course dead rising 2 will be out on
PlayStation 3 Xbox 360 and PC this week so that's pretty sweet
guitar hero warriors of rock you know it's kind of funny is a lot of the music
games coming out nowadays people don't care so but guitar hero where he's a
rock is coming out on PlayStation 3 Xbox 360 and we never forget they're all $60
because Activision is fucking lame and so they decided to charge $60 for all
three games because I don't know you're suckers and you'll buy it so wonderful
let them get away with that and then they're gonna be charging $60 for all
their Wii games oh but it doesn't matter because people don't buy games in the
week also of course guitar hero warriors of rock will be coming out in different
bundles they have one with like the full band set up which is really just the
instruments from last year so don't expect the new guitar in that you can
only get that in the guitar kit and they aren't selling the guitar separately so
if you want the lame new guitar that's out there you're gonna buy in that
stupid bundle other fun stuff coming up this week a re-release of the sims 3
they're calling the deluxe edition I believe that's with some of the download
content are in the download content but the expansions that were in there
it's sims 3 and sims 3 ambitions save you a little bit money there I guess farm
frenzy animal country on the DS deer drive on the DS it's a deer hunting game
front mission evolved on Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 this is kind of not
necessarily the tactical strategy game as before but it is a armored core clone
so that'll be coming from Square Enix and I don't know if it'll be very good
oh and it's also on PC uh Ottlier Rorona the alchemists of
Arland that's coming out now on PlayStation 3 it's a role-playing game
from Tecmo and I believe Nippon Ichi more effects on Xbox 360 from 505 games
Tropico 3 is getting the gold edition coming out on PC quantum 3 the kind of
the Gears of War clone on Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 from Tecmo koei and crap
from Ubisoft pets fantasy moonlight magic and sunlight magic those are
coming out this week on the Nintendo DS if you like fishing we're Paula's pro
bash fishing 2010 on PlayStation 3 Xbox 360 and the Wii DS and PSP they also
have a bundle for the PlayStation 3 Xbox 360 and the Wii those actually come with
a wireless fishing rod except for the week comes with a crappy attachment for
the controllers and then FIFA soccer 2011 coming out and pretty much all
systems except for PlayStation 2 I believe my sim sky heroes on Xbox 360
PlayStation 3 we DS and what else we have coming out oh of course plants
vs. zombies the console edition for the Xbox 360 it's really just the port of
the X actually it is just the Xbox live arcade game but it also comes with
Pagle and Zuma as well as well some download content for that so that's kind
of cool we're checking out of course because plants vs. zombies is sweet
Greg Hastings paintball to a really crappy first-person shooter game I mean
really who would want to play a game that mimics something that mimics combat
when you can just play a game that mimics combat but whatever that's on a
Wii and Xbox 360 this week oops prank party coming from oops
let's have a prank party ah yes can you guess who this is coming to us from
there they're a company that used to make really awesome stuff and then they
purchased this smaller company that's right it's Hudson coming to us from
Konami Thank You Konami because we really need some more party games on the
week there just wasn't enough what kind of pranks can you pull that's a good
question what kind of prank pranks can we pull let's see here it's uh apparently
it's incredibly fun as smart mix of a hundred brain-teasing puzzle-solving
and reflex testing games wait a second that's not a prank at all
nah has fooled you it's actually brain games pranks on you but apparently
dancing no like you know I know no putting like rice pandas and apparently
freezer apparently why you're playing the game though you can T you can tease
the competition with outlandish pranks all a name of good clean fun embarrassing
outfits side-splitting family-friendly pranks they make light-hearted taunts
oops prank party will have players coming back for more off-the-wall
four-player action time and time again no they won't no one cares frisbee in
chat says I thought Loki was gonna say oops pregnant pregnant party I'd go to
that party
deafed in chat says oops prank party isn't that olr every other week
see Sid Meier's pirates coming out and we this week the guild to Renaissance on
PC haunted house the remake of the Atari game thank you sorry for bringing out
wonderful games that are not three oh wait no this is a remake of an old
classic Atari game that's on the weeb guess yes we'll just have to wait for my
xbox 360 xbox live arcade version to come out I'm highly anticipating that
one frisbee in chat says cutting the brakes out of someone's car now that's a
prank party game I play that sounds like fun like really horrific or you know
when you can't do really Jamba juice and there's no Jamba juice shut up you're a
bitch and she did that to me once just so you know I was really really really
thirsty and it was a hot day and Irene goes you want some of my Jamba juice
and I'm like oh it sounds so awesome and I take the cup and they go to take a sip
and it's empty and she's laughing that's the meanest thing that's ever done to me
and then she had a delicious cupcake and thanks to our wonderful DJ friend from
the Bay Area get fit with Mel B's coming out this week on PlayStation 3 yes it'll
be the first guess what this is a collector's item because it's the first
PlayStation move fitness game whoo I'm not really excited about that it's gonna
be crap hello I'm Mel B there's a Jenny McCarthy fitness game on the Wii and I
just I would love to do all those nasty exercises every time I think about the
Spice Girls in a video game though I just can't help it here in my mind let's
put another girl through her pieces if you've ever played the Spice Girls game
on PS1 none of you probably have a few more things coming out this week good
god sorry it's it's getting in the fourth quarter so I love how it's all
crap like oops prank party just bogging down well okay I mean there's a lot of
crap that comes out in between our Call of Duty games I make it snappy script
spelling bee it's a spelling bee game on the DS that'll be exciting death smiles
the version without all the fun extra stuff it's slightly cheaper on Xbox 360
so I release their Final Fantasy 14 the I had to wait another week edition that
is coming to us on PC painkiller pandemonium on PC what's pandemonium
about it is it's probably not good and then I don't think this dates right but
they're saying the sly collections coming on PlayStation 3 I think it's
later in the later in the year and then finally this is high-quality Wii games
for you this is one of those first party games for Nintendo that's really gonna
innovate and change the whole landscape of the Wii we party coming to us on the
Wii that's also from Hudson that made the Mario Party games I played it at e3
it was cute but it's another party game cute that's just like with them
complaining on why the GameCube people only buy it for kids stuff it's only got
kids game why can't we get people to actually you know develop mature games
on our system I don't know why you know I have a question for anyone no okay
when you've heard of this game that's gonna come out and it's really hyped and
it sounds really good and you really want to play it and then you actually
get it lately has it lived up to the hype for you you mean like Final Fantasy
14 when I played the beta yeah I wanted to cry it was so tears of joy no tears
of pain yeah don't worry they're limiting the amount of suffering you
actually have to endure because you can't play long hours on this game
because they will start dropping your XP really yeah I haven't played the full
game yet and like here's here's the sick thing y'all I'm really sick oh you're
sick here's the thing um even though like I really hated the beta I still
feel like I need to buy the retail game because I spent so much time on 11 and
it's a Final Fantasy games oh that's exactly yes I know the industry you do
have a problem it's called wasting your money on shit don't do it how about you
just wait for the reviews to come out yeah I'm gonna try and see if some of
the reviews what they say but I mean like okay remember back in the day like
say with Symphony of the Night or like Metal Gear Solid or something there was
this big hype about it and you play it and it's a great game it's innovative
it's just wonderful nowadays it doesn't seem like there are games like that
anymore what do you think Rob um I don't know I thought Final Fantasy 13 was
pretty awesome and it had a lot of hype behind it I mean not 14 but 13 was
pretty good I don't know sometimes the hype machine can kind of ruin games like
I think part of the reason I didn't want to buy Halo Reach is that like you just
can't get away from it and I'm just like like I was playing Lara Croft online and
I actually got an Xbox Live message somebody that was like well you're not
playing Halo Reach and I'm just like screw you I'll play what I want I'm like
I'm gonna put in freaking cameo or one of like the Xbox 360 launch games just
to irritate you but then I realized I'd actually have to play cameo and that I
don't know I someone saw someone this week playing on my friends list and you
know who you are I think cuz I don't remember who you are someone's actually
playing lost via domus the lost console wow it was terrible absolutely terrible
like the show lost the show law I was at the one where Michael's like man I don't
have time for that world and all he was doing was yelling well the whole time
like I remember that game it was awful all right let's go to Japanese release
dates of Loki's known with the US coming out in Japan this week we have monster
hunter frontier online season 9.0 on the Xbox 360 from Capcom is the monster
hunter series is pretty epic over there although they don't really do anything
with it here on the 360 interesting dead rising 2 gets its Japanese release this
this week as well to kind of coincide with the stateside one over here Madden
NFL 11 gets its release in Japan it's been out here for a little bit but it
gets localized for Japan so it actually even though it's still all the same
American football teams it's all in Japanese a game called quantum theory
comes out on the Xbox 360 this week in Japan there's a regular and limited
edition it's kind of a looks like kind of like a bayonetta II type of game I
don't know lots of like epic looking cutscenes and guns and you know swords
and limbs falling off and all that fun stuff that's from Tecmo I wonder if it's
a team ninja game I don't think it is though going over to the PlayStation 3
probably quite a few of those same games coming out of there yep dead rising 2
comes out in Japan as well on the PlayStation 3 and quantum theory and
Madden NFL so all those same games coming out on the PlayStation 3 as well
but no monster hunter because that is exclusive I guess to the 360 going over
to the Nintendo Wii to check out the releases over there we have really not a
lot this week it's kind of slow really the next big big release is the Kaito no
Kirby game which would be the Kirby's epic yarn over here that comes out in
Japan on the 14th of October before that not a lot of big stuff PlayStation 2
obviously things have really slowed down so nothing of note there on the Nintendo
DS okami den chisaki tayo comes out this week in Japan so that's okami yes that's
okami okami den yeah okami didn't comes out there well no but it's called ok
it's okami me they added an extra syllable to the mate made it can caracal
village instead of Kakariko no I just do me off because I was like really brain
for your reorganize it looks cool very cute and I know we've seen some of the
stories on this before yeah right over there sorry I I just noticed this little
post on Kotaku they put like screen grabs every now and then it's all this
the official Kirby's epic yarn website and so check out Kirby's epic he's
throwing a star and it looks like a giant penis coming out of him
penis all right lots of stuff on the PSP this week go figure in Japan this week
Dragon Ball tag versus you didn't set soon zero no kisuke comes out a game
called K on who cargo live this week big thing for a lot of fans who are it's a
little music game with chicks who run away oh boy so it's like a music game
yeah and people on Twitter won't shut up about it
tales of the world radiant mythology 2 gets a price reduction and then I'm sure
Dark Soccer is gonna pre-order this game maybe rice princess to twinkle
Crusaders go go in regular and limited edition I'm gonna go go and pre-order
that now it looks wonderful well looks like a little like fighting type of game
there you go Rob got there and get us ice cream so I can do I will not yeah
it's an ice cream truck you can't hear the ice cream truck I didn't think they
had real ice cream trucks anymore except for like the pedo vans you know what I
have when I have kids someday I'm gonna tell them when they hear that chime it's
the toy collector and if you have a messy room they're gonna come get all
your toys so that way you were told it was the spinach truck the kind of thing
I'm gonna do one of my friends mom would tell them that it was the spinach truck
Wow me I was like I wasn't my scream I bought ice cream from the ice cream man
like once and he used to drive by every day after that every day I know not to
peddle you ice cream the ice cream man used to come buy one of my old
workplaces cuz we'd all just go out and buy like drumsticks all right Dark
Sakura UK releases please a bunch on the 28th we have a telly a row Rona it's
Yara says he just tuned in to hear spinach truck okay on the 28th also
battle versus chess Borderlands clap traps new robot revolution totally
totally want dead rising to Lara Croft and the guardian of light swords and
then on the 29th we have hydrophobia the 30th f1 2010 Final Fantasy 14 online
Tom Clancy's ghost recon predator Tom Clancy's Hawks to also on October 1st
FIFA 11 Sean White skateboarding Tom Clancy's Hawks to again for over PC and
that's it for this week on the end of that
fiend so something that hopefully you didn't purchase a PB well of course as
we mentioned last week a PB is no more it has been canceled after just three
months and well fans aren't exactly happy about that they are a little
upset because they invested you know 50 bucks on the game that they can no
longer play well apparently I guess people have been trying to get refunds
via steam and haven't really met you know with any success on that but EA
apparently is gonna try to help people out it says the user has been posting
about their experience talking to EA support regarding this issue several
users have been able to receive a $20 discount code for their inconvenience
while others have I guess managed to convince support representatives to give
them a game of equivalent value the I guess the person that posted the threat
originally included a chat log that shows that they were able to get a copy
of Dragon Age 2 upon the tiles release so I guess if you bought a PB you may
want to go chat with EA support which is of course support.ea.com and see if they
can help you out and get you some of your money back that you spent on it
you're gross Rob sorry sorry totally listening to Loki right now I promise
mm-hmm yes well I'm not talking anymore so that's not really helpful we're still
listening to you okay I was offering rice princess and black licorice and she
was like oh no get that out of my face looks like dog crap I don't want your
licorice it's really good you want some dark soccer I can't have licorice
and Dan insists on eating it around me in his car and I'm like gag it's really
good so what I had to do since rice princess loves it so much I waved the
bag in front of her face so she could get the smell and then she's like sure I
want one and that means she just wants to take one to throw it at me so I let
her put her hand in the bag to grab when she's all like you put them up your butt
before you put them in the bag knock it off all right oh yeah bummer about APB
and all that but I feel bad for those customer service reps that I have to
deal with all the angst because you know it's gonna open the floodgate once you
hear the one person got something free now you know no thanks in part to this
show there's gonna be tons of people that go on there and they're like I want
my free stuff I bought APB where's my free stuff just like that I found a
Christmas card that was hello random no I school it was sent to me by one of our
listeners by by Rob overseas mm-hmm and it says fuck office parties fuck jingle
bells fuck mince pies fuck Rudolph like Santa fuck Christmas how appropriate
since you're Jewish now yes I'm gonna put it up on my desk right now good idea
all right hey let's say 100 Matt wants to know us so what's the difference is
the black licorice bigger and longer just tastier actually yeah if you like
the taste of shit like which is amazing all right bro you're gross your face is
gross hey this game is awesome though it's not gross at all you don't know
Jack remember this game this is like the best video game ever I loved this game
it's hardly a video game but yeah that's like a game show you type of game well
anyway it's been rated by the ESRB for the 360 the Wii and the PlayStation 3
and you know what that means it's coming out soon because the ESRB always ruins
and spoils releases so it looks like it is really happening THQ is revamping it
all we know is that the game got rated on crude humor quote the ending credits
contain audio commercials of fictitious TV reality programs for example farting
with the stars which is accompanied by lard loud flatulent sound effects yay
more dick and fart jokes my favorite yay I never talk about those not at all so
I'm your card you should put a picture up of rice princess holding black
licorice I'm never touching it ever again shut up all right I think this
means now that our show is starting to completely derail it's time to bring it
back to some classics for the segment we call here on orange lounge radio the
classic game of the week it's a chance for dark soccer to dive into the video
game vault and find a game that she thinks hey you kids and your spinach
trucks stop chasing the spinach truck and play this video game for a little
bit dark soccer what's the classic game of the week elevator action whoa
Ella later go down good end a whole elevator action is first of all this is
Dan suggestion okay elevator action came out in 1983 by Taito you know what else
Taito gave us bubble bobble and puzzle bobble yay I love Taito games and it
actually had a sequel elevator action 2 also called elevator action returns the
game is great it's the music was done by Yoshino Imamura so let's go on with how
the game is played you play a spy and you go down an elevator you actually
are in a building that has lots of elevators and you have to can get secret
documents and go through 30 levels and then do all these puzzles involving
different elevators and you've got enemy agents they're trying to shoot you no
face so you either have to shoot them back or run away or hide and you get all
your documents and you go from the top of the building to the bottom and the
lower that you get you actually have to solve more puzzles to get around it the
control was a four-way joystick two buttons one for shooting the other for
jumping and kicking because I always jump and kick at the same time so very
very simple easy game two players you'd alternate times you play as agent 17
codenamed Otto so you don't have a timer but you do have a time limit it goes
into a hurry-up mode so the music will change and tell you to hurry up pretty
much yeah um you see you have different you get a different score for
retrieving documents knocking on agent by dropping a light on them crush an
agent using the elevator gory yeah you can get crushed to the elevator too if
you're not careful knock out an agent by jumping or kicking eliminate an agent by
gun and you get bonus points completing each round and you also get an extra
life we hit 10,000 points as far as versions of it there is actually a
parody called Ella paper action which is a that sounds stupid yeah um they had a
two of them on palm OS agency and agency two it's based on elevator action
there's Dexter's laboratory robot rampage that's based on elevator action
to 505 games put a similar game out on the week called spy games elevator
mission it's called elevator combat in Europe there's a port on Gameboy there's
any s version that made it on to the virtual console in 2007 and an elevator
action death parade is a light gun shooter that uses elevator doors when
changing scenes so there you go as far as earlier ports there was the ZX
spectrum and shred CPC MSX Commodore 64 Nintendo Entertainment System and Game
Boy there was one plan for the Atari 2600 but there is it never was released
however the prototype exists and was sold at classic gaming Expo 2001 it was
only 95% complete though and then Sony had a mobile version of it as far as
compilations we have elevator action EX for Game Boy Color elevator action old
new Game Boy Advance elevator action returns on Sega Saturn which I think I
have title legends set in the title legends power up and yeah that's it so
can I be honest about something what I think this game sucks like it's one of
those things I remember much more fondly as a child but I actually bought that
title collection when it was out on the regular Xbox and kind of revisited this
game and I was like this game is horrible like I think part of that's
just cuz it's really hard and always get crushed by elevators I've seen Dan play
through this game just like all the time really and when I said hey Dan help me
think of a classic game he's like elevator action okay no I mean it is a
classic in some regards I just I didn't I thought it was one of those games
always kind of looked better than it played now you know what came in in this
vein that I actually like a whole lot better hmm mappy maybe mappy will be on
the list one day all right well there it is good old good Namco goodness like it
or not your classic game of the week elevator action elevator action there
it is that's a pretty cool YouTube to the guy beating the level because it
makes it look so easy it's really not this game is hard if you ever play this
game rice princess no it's hard looks like it it is okay all right well that's
gonna do it for this first half year of orange lounge radio but don't go
anywhere there's plenty more when we come back including your phone calls and
your tweets make sure you get in those Twitter topics at twitter.com slash olr
and we're gonna talk about PlayStation 3 updates that that wrecked some things
related to USB we're gonna talk about a website that'll bribe you with Microsoft
points to use it and much more when we come back after this break with more of
orange lounge radio welcome back everybody to orange lounge radio we are
live on this Sunday evening September the 26th of 2010 where we are taping the
383rd episode of our podcast if you can believe it I am I know right we're
almost 400 is right around the corner if you think about it it's gonna be what
about 17 weeks away it's about four months away so right around Christmas
New Year's yeah crazy huh no wait a little further than that like January
February maybe just in time for Valentine's Day whoa all right joining
us tonight as you can hear a rice princess and the doctor and we were
talking a little bit about the break music which I know you podcaster folks
can't hear it sadly it's copyright stuff I'm sorry you can't play it but we can
do it live and we played a variety of songs during that break and the last one
we played was from Secret of Mana the flight into the unknown and that made
Jamie go let's have a secret of mana party and I'm like wow yes that's a
great idea for sirs cuz I haven't played secret how long does that game take to
beat though it's a really long time isn't it it's a yeah I think you can be
in one sitting oh unless we marathon did switched out who would be crazy the
doctors taking pictures in studio I don't know why I'm just kidding so but
um yeah the secret about a marathon would be fun I actually got really far
and secret to evermore I got really close to beating it I never did though I
don't think evermore is nearly as bad as some people think it was yeah oh yeah
Wow you know you know we should do we should do RPG a month seriously good
luck tearing me away from Wow but here's Rob's RPG of life maybe on oh
something else about secret evermore cuz another song we played in that break
was the theme to Guild Wars which I think that composer that does the the
soundtrack to Guild Wars Jeremy soule I think is how you say his last name is
really talented and he composed that when he was like a practically teenager
like 19 or 20 I think he did secret evermore like when he was a teenager he
actually I think composed that soundtrack so cray-cray crazy right so I
think actually no I think it take the bat he was 19 when he did I think the
secret evermore stuff and then later on probably in his 20s he did the Gil war
stuff but he was very young when he did a lot of that and he did the music to
oblivion which I know you're not a big fan of that game but the soundtrack is a
amazing yeah he's a talented guy so he did the music to pray which even though
it was kind of a and for actually it's one of the few first-person shooters I
really really really liked and you know why because it was made for people who
are terrible at first-person shooters because you never die you cannot die and
pray it's easy mode when you die you go into the spirit world where you have to
shoot these like ghost looking things to regain your health and stuff and then
you go back right where you left off so pray is like total easy mode but it had
really good music so anyway cool there you go
chat that orange lounge radio.com you're playing plants versus zombies salacious
pop and chat says people who hated evermore were just being 16 year old
weeaboo square stands and didn't like it because it was square USA developed and
Rama is starting to fight saying actually no it took a week to beat
that's why let's throw down you know what it had a dog in it instantly cool
so there you go all right let's get back into some more video game news here
Twitter topics coming up at twitter.com slash olr just a little bit so make sure
you're working are you all right over there dark soccer you're like throwing
everything you okay my nose was a little runny so I reached for tissue which slid
off of my scanner onto where I had placed the portfolio on my portfolio on
the letter tray and it slid off of that onto the floor and flipped over and then
the portfolio fell down way to go fantastic good job all right again get
those twitter topics and we're gonna be getting to those in just a moment but in
the meantime some fast rapid-fire news starting with Loki yes there is an
update done to 3d game heroes this week you may remember that game the one that's
kind of like Zelda but not this time they've done an update that adds a sack
boy playable character which is kind of cool and then on top of that there's
also some 50 new player made heroes that have been added to everyone's lineup
plus allows the players to carry weapons over into their new game plus files and
incorporate a handful of bug fixes that they've done to the game so that's kind
of cool sounds awesome that's one of those games like I played like maybe the
first third I have not touched my copy of it yet it's actually so it's it's
again it is the Legend of Zelda on ps3 and I am surprised Nintendo has not
sued yet like it is that close to the original Legend of Zelda it's you'd like
this game I think Grace Princess cuz you like the old school games right I do
like the old school this 3d game hero is like one big just BJ to old video games
Wow no right that's hot I know wait so which Zelda is it most like the very
very first one oh not my favorite but like it this week mark the first
releases to the PlayStation Store of PlayStation 1 imports yes now we're able
to play games from other regions and the first two releases you may wonder what
they are Joanna key and Gaia seed yay
ooh so I Nikki is great so you'll be able to get those on the PlayStation
Store they will run you six dollars $5.99 let's see other fun stuff there is
a fan made Half-Life 2 movie trailer that was put out at now this is not just
some amateur movie trailer by the way it's actually done by an animator Marco
Sputoni and he's actually I believe he works for Weta so he has one damn sexy
trailer out there that could very well turn into a real movie I mean it looks
pretty awesome so that's available out there right now check out and then of
course a trailer for a game that I I've been looking forward to for quite a long
time and this week during I believe is left over from last week at Tokyo game
show Earth Defense Force insect Armageddon has its first trailer out
there and it looks awesome it's a got this giant spider mech thing that's
attacking New Detroit which is the city that the game is gonna take place in and
also looks like it carries over some of the stuff from Earth Defense Force to
including a jetpack and I believe there's four different upgrade armors
you're gonna be able to get I'm assuming one of them is this jetpack thing so I
can't wait it's supposed to be coming out this fall or not this fall uh that'd
be cool no this spring speaking of trailers and she brought up that
Half-Life 2 trailer did you see that freaking Pokemon real life Pokemon
Armageddon or whatever it was dumb what in the heck was that it's like for those
that didn't see it it's like real have you guys seen the rice princess started
watching it but then I realized it was Pokemon and I was just like it's like
somebody took Pokemon and made it real life and it's like obviously like a
student project or something was like a big-budget student project like it's
it's crazy how kind of the team rocket things are all you know the sci-fi of or
the the the effects were good enough for sci-fi television because that's what
the special effects look like was like the really bad like shark to post kind
of effects so that's awesome yeah just saying so I got this got me thinking
here because again you know there's folks in chat talking about like
role-playing games and stuff a salacious pop is saying you know what I really
enjoyed Final Fantasy mystic quest because I played it knowing it was kitty
you know that game wasn't as terrible as everybody out made it to be it just
wasn't Final Fantasy just like 11 but actually I think dark soccer might be
onto something with the role-playing game of the month you know I have an
idea what do you think like we pick like a role-playing game like a classic of
some sort that we would see who can get the furthest in like a month and then we
could have like a blog of how we're doing in the game and submit screenshots
and stuff like that why are you laughing rice princess because I think the first
game should be earthbound well maybe even lose maybe the first game can't be
earthbound I don't know what do you think dark side do you like this idea
should we should we have like a classic role-playing game that we all have to
play I can already tell you I would I would freaking lose because I have
school we'll have work yeah but work doesn't give you homework sometimes they
do actually so maybe maybe we should just pick like one night where we've got
nothing going on and do do this do the Zelda fest what what no I saw a
role-playing on a Zelda fest quit trying to change something no it's like the
Zelda fest we see who can get the furthest ah okay okay by like a certain
time limit we could do something like that could be interesting fun or be like
still playing damn plants versus zombies because I recognize the music because it
plays in my sleep now and SSG 100 Matt says this will happen when Rob and Jamie
actually play their magic card battle yeah that was like a year ago right no I
found them recently magic all right I have to let me get back into some quick
news here this is news that makes me very happy and I know to make Loki very
very happy rumors abound once again that Capcom is indeed working on a new
Mega Man Legends game this is as they should be this is a source telling
Mega Man fansite Rockman Corner that apparently a new game in this series
that started on the PlayStation 1 is in development they're not confirming that
it's called Mega Man Legends 3 but they are saying it's the next entry in the
series which makes it would make sense to me that it's not gonna be like
Mega Man Legends 3 it'll be like Mega Man Legends with some subtitle that acts
as like a reboot because you know it's been a good what eight years at least
since we've seen the last game in the series so yeah this project right now is
very very secretive and not a lot of information is available now you might
just say well okay anybody could pull out of their ass that they're working on
a new Mega Man Legends game what brings this some clout to it the tipster that
is bringing this to the attention of Rockman Corner is called the shadow and
you have to trust the shadow because Alec Baldwin played him no but the
shadow also pegged the release date of Mega Man 9 and some of the very specific
details in the game so it's somebody who has kind of done this before so who
knows could be very cool I'm excited I would love to see kind of something we
didn't get to tonight but I know had been floating around out there was a
Mega Man Doom mod that made Doom look like Mega Man Legends kind of it was it
was actually kind of awesome I have to admit so we have let's see when the
Kinect comes out we're going to have dance masters from Konami we're gonna
have dance central from harmonix well guess what overseas they're getting a
game called dance paradise in Europe it's coming from mindscape and you're
universal music it's gonna be coming out when the Kinect comes out no word on a
release over here but just to give you a kind of a heads up on what to expect in
this game since it is a partnership with Universal Music you do have some pretty
big names in this for instance David Guetta and Kelly Rowland when love takes
over Gwen Stefani what you waiting for Lady Gaga bad romance LaRue
bulletproof MC Hammer can't touch this no doubt hey baby
Sophie Ellis I just I love that all of those songs were in the last few months
and then MC Hammer with Kentucky from 30 years ago so feel it but it's a classic
Sophie Ellis Beckster with murder on the dance floor and the doctor's favorite
song Jerry Halliwell with its raining men remember MC Hammer needs money well
you know as you know but then I'm looking at screenshots of the game and
I'm kind of like oh this looks like it's gonna be like kind of a cheap hack of a
game I don't know I don't know if it looks really that good but the song list
is is pretty darn good because they did team up with Universal Music so hmm so
20 of the 40 songs have been announced so far so yeah I don't know interested
to see more in that also one other story there's rumors going around this week
that project Milo was canceled this week 19 contractors that were working on the
project were let go some of the other people that were on the project are
going to be using the technology in a new fable themed connect game when your
game doesn't have a title it's probably not going to come out yet I agree with
last week's statement from that it was basically the creepy pedo in the yard
game like just watching those videos was scary so lion head isn't gonna comment
on rumors or speculation but it's looking like yeah might not happen by
the way Peter Molyneux was quoted in the past few months saying that Milo is
basically a very very big tech demo so maybe that was the hint that the
beginning of the end was coming so that's all I've got dark Sakura I got
some stuff how about rock band we have the download content coming out that
will be a lot of anthrax woohoo I love anthrax so the anthrax pack will be
among the living I'm the man Indians mad house which I love that song and metal
thrashing mad actually the later two are live versions and the whole pack will be
680 Microsoft points for individual tracks coming out stuff again that I
have to get my chemical romance I'm not okay and welcome to the black parade
totally totally want both of those 30 seconds to Mars closer to the edge a
tray of coffin nails buck cherry out of line and two doobie brothers tracks
listen to the music and long train running I still can't believe there's a
band called Atreyu there's a band saying there's a band called ludo all right
that's awesome yes and they're pretty cool so as far as other stuff how about
cave story there is going to be a DSI where and what I heard a gasp I just I
like cave story now looks really cool if there's that a screenshot that we're
looking at here that's cool like updated version of the cave story graphics on
the screen well and basically yeah and actually yeah it's um commission if this
picture was commissioned in honor of the announcement so I guess it's a maybe an
idea of what it might be could be like but at any rate it's going to be a DSI
where a version of the game and it will they say it's done they're just testing
it and it's apparently going to I have a classic one and an update and then last
but not least Donkey Kong Country for Wii it's called Donkey Kong Country
Returns and it comes with a banana pocket for your it's like a condom for
your condom for your Wii it kept anyway it comes with this banana thing that you
can put your wiimote into so double banana it's a banana pouch I just keep
thinking maybe I'm just banana it's a penis joke at any rate if you pre-order
it you get beta access and downloadable skins and the bananas are probably
limited edition should be out on November 21st like anyone gives a crap
okay I'll probably get it because you just like to have more stuff I want a
banana all right do you know what I had today I had a waffle it was delicious
you know what I had this today Rob what a banana man yeah yeah for real okay are
you all right do you need medication back there let's go to Twitter every
week you guys send us tweets at twitter.com slash olr we're gonna start off
tonight spazzinator sends us two or one tweet with two topics blockbusters
filing for chapter 11 oh yeah do you hear about this blockbuster is a Oh
doctor you used to work at blockbuster didn't you oh indeed I did yeah is this
surprise you there no because I haven't been to blockbuster in months I have
Netflix because it's the 21st century ah all your friends at blockbuster have you
seen that onion bit where it's like a historical recreation center and it's
like done up like a blockbuster and there's like historical figures like
posing as employees and stuff it's hysterical nice I love the onion yeah so
blockbuster is looks like it's on its way out of business that's kind of sad
a little bit yeah more free videos available on Xbox Live and PSN
spazzinator as well let's see act deft is sends us a couple links here actually
he are I guess one of them already got brought up because it's the Kirby thing
but there's another link here is linking us to a article on Kotaku called how to
hump an Xbox 360 okay I guess there's a blog at household holes calm Wow that
finally found a good use for the Xbox has talked about how to modify your
Xbox to give it a big holes boiler alert you drill a hole in it
Wow really that's all the instructions drill hole at handlebar for some reason
you gotta hold on I want to seriously want to see action yeah I seriously want
to see a YouTube video of somebody actually doing this I do not dark keys
case sends us a tweet Medal of Honor PC open beta starts October 4th so if you're
into the Medal of Honor games and you want to play the new PC version there
you can check this out it's gonna be an open beta it's gonna be an early trial
for dice multi what is this I'm looking at the sorry this website here it runs
October 4th through 7th I'm trying to see how you get into this oh that's the
developer I'm sorry I thought that was like a convention or something I've
heard that used before with that but anyhow yeah we hope a comment from sorry
I haven't read the story in advance was coming on Twitter a comment from EA
Games president Frankie Bo says quote we also hope that by offering the
multiplayer open beta we can clear up any misunderstanding about the patriotism
and respect that they are the foundation of this game Medal of Honor franchise
has always shown extraordinary reverence for American and Allied soldiers this
game is no exception so if you like those war games you're gonna have a
blast with this one get it tiger claw says his tweet raving rabbits to become
a live-action CGI TV show Wow never has been around forever now apparently it's
it's it's really happening it's coming from our demand animation is producing
the TV show they've got a website and everything have fun with that tiger claw
also sends us a link that is a little more stateside about that whole we
remote plus thing going on apparently November 7th is the date they're looking
at so interesting dark TSK sent us another tweet here FPS versus RTS
players I haven't played in a while but it's a pretty gate great game to unite
gamers battle swarm dotnet I don't want to visit it live on air cuz I don't want
to break the show computer I don't know how intensive the site is but I guess
he's throwing out a plug for that website Matt sj100 Matt is sending us a
tweet saying remember Bobby Black Wolf's listless idea for a gun con dating sim
sounds like someone stole his idea and got linked to this gal gun it's the
Xbox 360s shooter Wow yes it does look like a gun shooting dating game that's
something there's actually a little video here kind of gun let's see if we
can look at a little clip I think you're rescuing them with your love juices that
you're shooting at them you're rescuing them from not having an orgasm oh you
are shooting them with hearts and flowers
you look so ridiculous I can't even explain so it's basically like the level
in back to the future on the NES where like you're avoiding the hearts except
now you're shooting them blue swim is linking us to a YouTube saying sky is
this the 3d is the 3d effect from this video similar to the 3ds is 3ds effect
so we get linked to this YouTube
no no
that's a neat effect though this is a perspective effect oh you know what
there's a game on the iPad that kind of does that it's on it is what it is or
something like that that's a screenshot I've seen that no that's not like what
the 3ds does is an app though it's neat though I have to share something by the
way what this comes from tiara it's about well so you'll like it goodie that
she ran into a level 60 tar and druids named Harry Potter H a I R Y P a W T er
cute I like that she's playing Wow again well come play with me and then lastly
from Leo Shen sends us a tweet a new challenger approaches for blaze blue CS
2 she has kitty missiles and links us to a little YouTube here I guess we can see
this character in action
trying to see come on let's see the kitty missiles
might be
wait did she just throw a cow I think she did I totally just saw a cow get
thrown what is this Monty Python I guess so all right that's gonna do it for
Twitter topics tonight if you want to send us tweets in the future twitter.com
slash o LR is the place where you can follow us on Twitter you should follow
us on Twitter anyway so that way we can tweet you with reminders about what's
coming up with the show yay when sometimes when we go to conventions and
stuff random things we will send out on the Twitter as well like pictures and
all that cool stuff all right back into some more news Loki what do you got for
us I've got plants versus always not I've got some cool stuff including you
may remember some of the things that Sony does to you know curb piracy and
stuff well now they've disabled it's funny because everybody's joking oh now
they have those USB mod chips they're gonna disable the USB ports I only
weren't that far off they've disabled some USB peripherals I guess according
to a report that was on their website the issue I guess they were disabling
counterfeit ps3 controllers but it was actually disabling third our unlicensed
third-party controllers in some of these devices affected by this actually were
the yobo ps3 joybox which I believe is an arcade stick the XCM cross battle
plus adapter which was kind of a adapter lie you use an Xbox 360 controller on
the PlayStation 3 and the split the split fish frag FX which is kind of a
hybrid controller and mouse and that's kind of lame that that's part of firmware
3.5 other things though that it kind of broke as well some old mad cats
controllers even though they are fully licensed apparently they are now broken
so if you only 2008 wireless ps3 gamepad or the 2008 wired ps3 gamepad or the
ps3 wireless micro con which is now discontinued they do not work anymore
so man if I were mad cats I would be pissed like especially if they're
licensed if they're unlicensed well then too bad so sad right but if they're
licensed that's grounds to like sue and stuff yes soon well and I don't know if
this is like meant to stop people from using the USB mod chips but that last
firmware update was to stop people from using the USB mod chips so I can only
assume this is either an extra precaution or they're just being dicks
I'm gonna go with the latter I think they're being dicks because really I
don't know about you but I haven't heard of some big ol mass problem with
counterfeit controllers I don't know people out there going oh man all those
counterfeit controllers out there I just can't find a good ps3 controller well
there are a lot of shitty controllers out there actually yeah but these are
actually counterfeit controllers there's a YouTube that was on Kotaku as well
where someone actually bought a cheap DualShock 3 controller that was a
counterfeit so you know that's kind of lame that those are out there but I mean
I can't imagine this is a huge problem that one that warrants a software update
I mean hell I can think of a lot of problems that this console has it
haven't been fixed with a software update like home being lame nice all
right well how would you like to get free Microsoft points that's right free
Microsoft points well guess what there's a website that will bribe you with free
Microsoft points they're keeping it in the family because that website is Bing
that's right Microsoft search engine the rival to Google Bing is running this new
little like Bing toolbar that you can install on your browser by the way well
at the first announcement said that it was only compatible with Internet
Explorer but some things I've been reading in forum chats and stuff say
that it actually works with Firefox so I don't know you I mean it would make
sense it would only work with Internet Explorer right that whole like
Microsoft only stuff but anyhow if you use it to take part in daily promotions
or do searching you will earn reward points that you can then turn into
Microsoft points so here's the thing though you can only get the Microsoft
points in 100 point denominations but just installing the toolbar gets you
250 points so that's kind of cool I guess so what I'm also hearing though
again the reading through comments and things is apparently they will only like
send you the the points in like cards in the mail like what a waste of cardboard
and all that stuff like when they could be sending it to you digitally cuz like
you know a hundred Microsoft points is like a buck 25 seriously yeah I'm gonna
try it with Firefox have fun give me your Microsoft points and Microsoft is
desperate to get Bing off the ground like they're trying all kinds of stuff
well you know what's interesting it's not a bad site actually their maps is
actually really cool and in some ways it's even better than Google like it's
actually caused Google to have to kind of like up some of the aunties on some
of their things like the satellite pictures and stuff so you know Bing it
has some pretty neat stuff going for it I mean it's not terrible just because
it's Microsoft I keep seeing advertisements and like being this and
being automatically like download itself on my toolbar and bing bing bing bing
and it's just like bada-bing and yeah exactly exactly I like that they have
like a neat little picture every day and they're their application on did it oh
no did it maybe I was trying to click cancel and I click the other thing so
now it closed all my windows great and it means you closed your next story
didn't it yay awesome oh well that's what I have an iPhone for you're gonna
bring up stories on the iPhone why not all right well I got a stretch for time
here I was ready to go on to the next story you know what Rob sometimes things
just don't go the way you expect them to hey don't be rude I wasn't being rude
being a realist Bing has pretty pictures on it that's not like about being when
you go to their website and the iPhone app is actually kind of neat I don't
have an iPhone really would you like to touch mine no it's got your finger juice
on it yes you may okay have my story yay all right because this is the joy of the
iPhone oh great now it's not loading sucker me at Miyamoto it basically what
the story is about is that Miyamoto has always considered the maker of the
Rubik's Cube mr. Rubik himself to be his rival so he wants to make something
along the lines of a Rubik's Cube as his big pet project so like selling a
bazillion wheeze isn't good enough no
basically he said and I'm gonna quote for quite some time I have viewed
professor Rubik who created the Rubik's Cube as a sort of rival I've always
thought it would be cool to create something like a Rubik's Cube I've told
lots of people about that for 20 years of us thought that the Rubik's cubes are
great they've all left him and I wanted to make something like that but I still
haven't tried to do so I must be taking it easy Wow and then he said he wanted
to be a manga artist oh he just wants to do everything doesn't he you know what
he's created some of the most memorable video game characters ever like that
history will never forget some of these video game characters and yet it's just
not good enough for him no and well he was said that he did some comic strips
for um Tezuka who's the Nintendo ad general manager wait wait what which
characters are you talking about that he created you know the ones that we would
never forget was that like Captain Rainbow or something do you remember
Captain Rainbow good point from a dark Tetsuya in chat room didn't Nintendo
used to make toys and stuff back in the 70s actually Nintendo started off as a
Hanafuda card yeah they did it playing cards right yeah hmm and then they did
Game & Watch I love Game & Watch it works with Firefox well thank you now I
enjoy your Microsoft points I will good time what are you gonna buy with those
Microsoft points probably the rest of the steampunk outfit on my avatar all
right Loki it's your turn you gonna put down plants versus zombies and actually
sorry I can do this so there's other Sony news and this would kind of tie in
with the stuff that happened before when they were moving things to stop hacking
remember they removed the other OS feature on the PlayStation 3 to stop the
hacking of the system via Linux well apparently there was a class-action
lawsuit filed against Sony because of that and Sony has now filed a motion to
dismiss that class-action lawsuit brought against the company and sadly
enough I kind of agree with them because well you'll see for example they say
that I guess apparently some of the seven I guess similar suits they were
all consolidated their file last thing it says fails to present evidence that
the company overtly advertise the other OS and its marketing campaigns on the
p4 on the ps3 packaging which I don't remember them doing either one of those
but I do remember them talking about it at e3 so or z3 or game developers
conference camera which one this is Sony also claims that the ps3 warranty
license agreement in the PlayStation Network terms of service specifically
provide ps3 purchasers with a license non ownership interest in the software
and use of the PlayStation Network provided that Sony has the right to
disable or alter your software features or terminate or limit the access to the
PlayStation Network it by issuing firmware updates and also I guess that
apparently people do have the option to keep the other OS by declining the
update and they just can't access the PlayStation Network
so in other words in other words they're saying you can access this feature by
disabling a different feature instead yes also they're saying that because
some of the the they should you know dismiss the suit because some of the
plaintiffs did not use the other OS feature in fact there is you have it
didn't use it in the same way I guess and or just didn't use it all because
you know they have ways of checking that and so I guess they wouldn't really have
been affected by it it's some people I think doing a money grab if you ask me
so I'm sure some people are just like that earlier story we had about APB and
all the people complaining the yeah but there's some people that are gonna go
try to get money that really didn't even play APB they just bought it well that's
different though I mean they'd have proof of purchase of you know APB they
give them the serial number or something like that that this is a little
different than saying oh you know I I don't know like for example a
class-action lawsuit that I was part of just because I hate 24-hour fitness I
canceled my 24-hour fitness membership and there was a class-action lawsuit
saying that there was people affected by the fact that when you cancel your
membership they bill you a couple more times just really yeah did that happen
to you no it didn't happen to me that's what I still got I got a $5 check I got
a three month pass to 24-hour fitness I'm like oh garbage thank you it's like
wonderful I can't wait to go back to the gym I don't like going to thank you this
is way better than any other compensation you could possibly provide
me nice very nice Lisa should be able to kick them in the pants or something yeah
going to our chat room at chat orange laundry calm for such eloquent comments
such as the one from Toa gak who says Sony can suck a dick what they did was
wrong do you agree rice princess can Sony suck a dick they probably could
collectively yeah let's see why not Derek H in our chair room says that's
like a car company removing your seat belts because you didn't use them that's
actually a pretty good comparison except for the fact that I don't think the
other OS is gonna like you know save your life at any point I guess maybe it
could I guess anything's possible don't make assumptions wrong all right going
on to more stories in our show here another rumor going around and this is
about more 3d games I know right I'm already over it but apparently there are
yet more rumored ports of PlayStation 2 games being remade for the PlayStation
3 and in 3d one of them I've got to admit sounds really interesting it's the
Mortal Kombat HD arcade collection and if you're looking at a sample box art
that's out there it's Mortal Kombat 1 2 and ultimate Mortal Kombat 3 kind of
redone in HD I gotta admit that being that I love the cheesy Mortal Kombat
games from back in the day that actually sounds kind of awesome I'm not gonna lie
being able to you know play that in three in well I wouldn't play in 3d but
HD and all that jazz not interested rice princess you don't like Mortal Kombat
it's alright I can play it in its normal form I guess that's true apparently it's
gonna have stereoscopic 3d support and this is being reported by a French
gaming website but they have box art to go with it and I don't know it's coming
out oh well then I believe it what about the Prince of Persia trilogy 3d that's
the other one that's being remember about that one yet only if it has video
of Jake Gyllenhaal me I can imagine that they would because everybody's kind of
jumping on that bandwagon of re-releasing stuff hey I'm okay with
that Prince of Persia games are pretty awesome it's the sands of time or you're
within and the two thrones all coming out sounds like they'd be a perfect tie
in with the DVD release of the movie now wouldn't it wouldn't it and the Mortal
Kombat HD collection might make the perfect companion piece to the new
Mortal Kombat game wouldn't it how about Jake Gyllenhaal and the oncoming
something I don't know never mind I try to make sex jokes around you Robin I
just can't because I'm distracted by you it's I'm not sure how to take that but I
think compliment interesting Derek H says they should remake every game with
parallax backgrounds in 3d that might actually happen on the 3ds actually if
what we saw at a most a classic gaming Expo I'd even fucking go to that what am
I thinking at e3 is any indication cuz you know they had like the Xevious this
old old old Namco game from like the 80s was redone in 3d pac-man yeah they had
Star Fox was redone they were talking about like redoing ocarina of time
they're gonna go back and redo all these games in 3d you know why it's because
they can just take the code they already have tack on 3d and re-release a damn
game again just like we can take some GameCube games tack on we remote waggle
and re-release it hey look we're supporting the fans because we released
lots of games this year new games uh oh I'm sorry that would actually be just
game you've got to admit a game like pilot wings would be kind of awesome in
3d like I have to me okay here's the thing though rice friends let's keep
this in mind I don't like 3d either like I don't like hearing about all these
movies and things that are in 3d but the 3ds is for some reason is different like
a you can turn off the 3d when it bugs you because it has a slider that lets
you adjust the intensity so it's easier on your eyes and it is kind of a neat
effect I gotta say being able to see the 3d without glasses is kind of cool I
don't know how long that'll last but here's something that kind of has me
thinking you know for the longest time we've been wondering where our virtual
console games on the DSI where our virtual console games and virtual
consoles kind of slowed up lately what if a lot of these re-releases with 3d
end up being downloadable games for the DSI like they're gonna re-release these
games all over again but this time they're in 3d I mean if the price is
right like five ten dollars could be worth it for some of these games only
the only the real real classics like I wouldn't buy games like princess tomato
and salad Kingdom or whatever are what are you talking about my favorite game
ever shut up no I wouldn't want to play clash and demon head in 3d no you're
fixing something that's not broken I don't know it it's not worth it to me
why would I pay for it again you know it was fine how it was before and you know
if I want 3d I'll just go into real I hear they have 3d in real they
apparently yes they do so I mean I don't know I'm just not down with the 3d I
still want a 3ds though you got it you got to check one out when they you know
I'll watch you play with now does it actually look like the stuffs coming out
of the screen no it's going into the going in the screen it's like looking
through a through a window into a three dimension imagine not like they're
looking for a real window at the naked woman in the window your description
of it makes me think of like the old head tracking thing with a wiimote hack
that's what it makes me think of well if you think about how the 3ds really works
with all the prisms and stuff basically sending a different image to each eye it
kind of makes sense how it looks when you see it I know but some of it here's
the thing but then some of the 3d effects what they do is they put the
main image on the very very back plane so that way when there's 3d effects it
does look like things are coming forward because they'll put the static image on
the very last plane in the very back and then things are shooting out like there
was one little demo they were showing out on the floor that was somebody
opening a champagne bottle in slow motion and the champagne goes everywhere
well it's just to show off the technology yeah like all I think of when
I think of that is just Nintendo saying we're Nintendo give me your money give
me your money people give them their money I know there's still one console
and I'm just worried that this one this gimmick fades like it will that the 3ds
I mean what's you know we you know you hope that would be around for a few
years but it's just gonna die every seven-year-old is going to want one
every single seven-year-old here's the thing though it doesn't matter that if
it if the 3d stuff fails because the other thing they can do is they can have
a nice because the top screen is like twice the resolution is the bottom
screen they can have a nice HD screen or they can also just use the extra
processing power to make really nice games well we'll see again a system is
only as good as the games that are on it and there are a lot of very promising
developers hopping in on it although again it's portable gaming and I'm not
always the biggest fan of portable games but if it can give me something that the
television games can't 3d in this case might be worth a look I don't know as if
it has really really really great games that necessitated I'm gonna have to go
well you can go ahead and spend your money I'm poor I'm just gonna have to go
buy a virtual boy you can only steal one oh my god that's a great idea no bad
idea never mind forget I said that all right let's go to the mailbag every week
you guys send us emails mailbag at orange lounge radio.com dark soccer is
gonna open up the email bag dive in headfirst try not to drowned under the
massive emails that are in there try not to inhale into the anthrax that comes
with the messages you read a few all right this one is from lab rat y2k I
just finished a journey into my own gaming vault this trip had me play
earthbound mother in Japan for the SNES for the first time it's like they read
rice princesses mind I know I can't speak highly enough of this game it had
a great story and I found that I actually cared about the NPCs additionally
I truly enjoyed the humor this is something that's been missing from most
of the recent JRPGs if you haven't covered this on your retro gaming
segment it would definitely be worth consideration lab rat y2k I concur
greeting well now if you don't play it all the way to the very very end where
you actually beat it then be careful because rice princess will make fun of
you for the rest of your life so you better play it to completion it's true
don't just play the first town like Rob did I played at least four towns are you
sure about that I had a full party of people like you don't get that until
like practically halfway through the game stop laughing at me bitch
greetings again from Rob above hi I have been hoping and waiting for Verizon to
get an iPhone contract because I'm shopping for a phone keep on waiting
let's imagine that if it became reality I have some pretty good reasons to
believe that apps that use the network for gaming or social networking will not
work between AT&T and Verizon the only ones that will are the ones that push
and pull things via the internet like Facebook or Twitter app I think this
will be an eye-opening disappointment I hope I'm wrong
imagine iPhones with babies from Rob above I know I'm not sure I follow the
logic there why they wouldn't work because of them using the networks the
time for networks I mean if the bandwidth is different than some network
or some apps might have problems like things like Netflix and so forth but I
would think that if a Verizon iPhone goes out of the marketplace the band was
only gonna get better because there's you know gonna be more of it available
there'll be a bunch of people that get off of AT&T's network that'll make it
easier for them and then there'll be people on Verizon's now where it's kind
of like you know spreading it out a little bit I don't know next email hey
hey with the plans versus zombies talk on last show it brings to focus my
addiction to the game on Steam looking over my playtime is almost depressing
portal two hours half-life 2 one of the best first-person shooters made 44
minutes team fortress 2 2 hours torchlight 8 hours plants versus zombies
game of the year edition 40 hours Wow hopefully I'll have the chance to give
the other games the playtime they deserve in the meantime I'm really
hoping that next year's plants versus zombies DS game will feature the
multiplayer elements of the 360 release keep us big keep podcasting and stay
something Robert M it's like the listeners are reading our minds this
week with the whole like plants versus zombies like everybody's talking about
how they've been playing that even though that game is a good year or two
old at this point it's cuz you're psychic Rob shut up no no no okay
greetings all our it's your favorite your friendly neighborhood turtle here I
just wanted to thank you so much for the marathon show actually listen to the
entire podcast in one long day of work I was worn out after that anywho I think
the idea of Blizzcon is stupid but is anyone besides me pulling out their hair
while waiting for any news about Diablo 3 back in the day of Diablo 2 I never
used any form of voiceover IP and still spent hundreds of hours playing it I
can't imagine the addiction this time around keep up the great work on the
best structured most informational and best podcast running on the internet to
your local your loyal turtle in Philly serious turtle a serious turtle yes
serious turtle I have been pulling my hair out over Diablo 3 in fact I've
pulled out a whole little clump in the back in a nice little circle but I am
I'm actually really excited about Diablo 3 all things considered it's it's been
way too long since the first game World of Warcraft honestly feels like more
like World of Diablo to me in the way it plays it's just in the Warcraft
mythology so I'm I'm I'm very excited about Diablo 3 and I think I brought
this up on the show before I think there's definitely when it comes to
Blizzard two different camps there's the Starcraft people and there's a Diablo
people and not a lot of crossover I appreciate Starcraft I bought it it's
fun I see why people like it but I didn't really play it to completion
because I never play games completion anymore let's face it but Diablo 3 oh
it's on because you're not Korean yes it's because I'm not Korean no I'm
reading anyway dear olr I was listening to Loki's failtastic Apple metaphor and
thought I'd take a crack at it so I want to take me and a bunch of my friends out
to a restaurant I could just get takeout and have a party at home but I like the
experience that comes with dining out also I don't want my house getting
trashed so I treat my friends to dinner at a semi-fine restaurant paying for the
entire meal because I'm a nerd with a full-time job the restaurant presumably
includes the cost of the dining experience waiters dishes silverware bad
music random crap on the walls etc in with the cost of the meal because if
people saw what this actually cost they might not choose to enjoy the dining
experience this cost comes to me because I'm the one paying however if the
restaurant is an establishment that makes each individual person pay for
their own dining experience and I'm not going to stand out in front of a
restaurant yell fuck you and fuck your fucking dining fee instead I will give
my business to different restaurant that doesn't charge outrageous dining fees
that ladies and gentlemen is how to craft a metaphor stay black
entertainment this message is brought to you by 2x plus 2y minus 8 equals 4y
solve for X the answer by the way is X equals 4y minus y plus 4 sorry you
weren't here when that happened Danja we had a caller on the show and Dan was
just like at the end like there was that awkward silence and Dan was like all
right stay black have a good week you know we were just like what now I will
explain my answer okay 2x plus 2y minus X for Y who cares I know she's wants to
show off her skills no it's because I have these numbers running through my
brain all the time now stupid algebra okay I want to I want to go back to the
metaphor because it didn't really make any sense to me at all but I like the
story cool story bro okay all right well is that it for the mail bag or do we
have more emails that's all I'm gonna read well if you didn't get your email
read how sad for you try again mail bag at orange lounge radio calm and you
should like put at the top like dark soccer read this or I'll send you more
math that's how you get her to read more emails threaten her with any meth no
math because I could use the meth just a party all night all right now's the part
of the show where we get angsty if he's the week
I would like to say an fu2 holland and
I give enough you two people are too slow to finish a transaction you know
who I'm talking about person trying to buy something for somebody I paid them
and now they're like oh I'm really busy right now yeah that's right I'll talk
shit about them if they don't come through and they're in good if you did
the fact that I'm having pains in my tooth like three days before I'm
supposed to go to Disneyland and it's like I don't I really don't want to go
to the dentist right now because it's gonna be so expensive and so I'm gonna
be taking a big old box of oro gel with me good times it's not because of the
licorice black licorice all right rice princess any f us tonight yeah if you to
black licorice like I just said are you licorice racist hey I just don't you
just hate all licorice equally I don't prefer to hang around black licorice
okay that's okay because I hate all licorice equally oh I like red licorice
also if you to 3d and the doctor lastly if you to money because I want more of
it I don't have any right now oh but like you live in the middle of nowhere
where rent is like $20 I know don't you even have a roommate now no I don't have
a roommate anymore I thought you did yeah that ship sailed oh what happened
was it bad it's we'll talk later oh you're my roommate now in the middle of
nowhere Oh a party whoops prank party with Rob
ship sailed okay some comments from chat room Rama says hey I'm black and I hate
black licorice too and Derek H is calling you a liquor racist all right
just a couple more news stories for you guys and then the Skype line is gonna be
open at 1877 game olr or our username on skype is orange launcher do but not yet
because we have two more stories to go look yeah yes um I told people to get
their dialing fingers ready they're dialing fingers it's like playing flame
and finger I'm waiting Microsoft getting a taste of money because of halo reach
has decided you know what maybe one halo game every three years not frequent
enough we need to be putting out more halo games and they're saying you know
probably I guess Phil Spencer this is Microsoft's VP they're saying it's a
matter of keeping players engaged and not going dark for two years at a time
they want to do what Activision has done with Call of Duty which is whore that
bitch out like no other and they said I used to look at annual releases of non
sports games as people just like just trying to milk me I figured nobody had
enough time to do a good job and all the negatives that would associate with
those kinds of scenarios kudos Activision because they've done a good
job putting good game continuing to release each year I think the fans like
it and it's a good thing that they do it that way that's because they had two
different developers working on it I don't know if that's gonna work with
halo do you think that halo is just gonna go really downhill now that a
different studios gonna be developing it oh yeah I mean especially if it sounds
like they're gonna try to crank them out as fast as possible that sounds
dangerous just do not put roughing games on halo because they really fucked up
crackdown too um do you think they're gonna try and crank out a halo game
again as early as next year that because if that's the case and somebody's
already working on it I don't know we'll have to see I it's just gonna get to the
point though see with Call of Duty even you know the modern warfare was really
awesome and then modern warfare 2 was still very awesome and world at war that
came out in between that was just kind of like it's alright but still people
went and played the one game so people aren't necessarily buying every year's
you know iteration of the game and that's also another thing that's really
hard to do it when you're putting a really good multiplayer game is like
halo reach for example people will be playing halo region till the next halo
game comes out but if it keeps coming out each year and if like some of them
happen to suck or maybe are made by Treyarch then people might not give a
shit anymore I just you know I hope they don't take a respectable name and really
drive it into the ground but then again fresh blood isn't always a bad thing it
could be cool just most of the time it could be cool but the thing is like
Microsoft they need more franchises seein you know fables a great game I
guess I fucking hate peeler Molinos so much why he's such a prick seriously our
game is so awesome it does all these things other games don't do you're gonna
really care for this dog really I cared so much I stopped playing months ago
this dog's gonna come your life no he's annoying he's like hey dig here there's
treasure here dig here dig here dig here there's treasure here you can raise your
family and it's so wonderful this time you're gonna be able to be the king or
queen of your kingdom you have to run it and things are gonna happen you're gonna
have your dog still because everybody loves dog and and it's really amazing
and we're gonna do this project Milo shit that's gonna be so wonderful you're
gonna interact with this kid like you're interacting with a real kid don't play
with your kids your kids can interact with this kid just like you're
interacting with real friends because they don't have real friends oh he's
just so annoying with his leg new technology and shit and I'm sorry like
here's the thing he comes out saying that these games are gonna be so much
more incredible than the last game because of all these reasons and they're
like nearly identical to the last year's release it's like what happened all this
innovation that you're gonna put in there because this game is kind of
terrible well no and why don't we go back to the original scrap Milo because
yeah that's stupid and creepy and we can do we can do the we'll get an adult guy
an adult woman and then integrate porn into the games I'm glad that they were
able to show off this wonderful tech demo where they can interact with a
child and stuff but like if you actually heard about what the game was supposed
to be about it was stupid it was just like oh you interact with this child and
if you help them find snails because he's moved here from it from isn't that
connect animals no no no they make my little okay it's not connect to humans
okay it's a child it's a real boy like Pinocchio he wants to be a real boy but
he's just digital and you interact with him he helped by snails because he's
just so depressed from flying here from I think he was coming from Britain or
something like that and somewhere in England flying from England doesn't know
anybody and his parents are going through some hard times maybe divorce or
something and that's this is way more anger than I was anticipating your Jeff
Goldblum voice is just no it's is it's the Peter molyneaux voice that's how he
talks going to chat that orange hundred calm salacious pop says damn Loki why
you mad though amazed that suma says Loki's British accent sucks it's not a
project it's a Peter molyneaux accident oh he talked dark Tetsuya says well I
think Loki's British accent beats Rob's I'm not trying to sound British I'm
trying to sound like Peter moly no I'm Mel B and today we're going to be talking
about fable Rob this bloody old fool bloody old fool she's trying to do also
buy my new game L be blah blah blah girl power let's put another girl through
patience you know remember when he is pimping out halo or not halo yeah it's
pimping out halo Milo in there no no he was pimping out fucking fable to he's
like oh no I'm gonna show you something very innovative it's a ball you play you
play fetch with the dog with the ball it's like I can fucking do that now with
my dog I don't have a dog I can throw a ball at my cat and it's way more
entertaining than playing who's like who seriously is gonna go into halo and play
fetch your fucking dog for hours on end is this what I'm really paying money for
is to play fetch my fucking dog mm-hmm granted it was fun killing people or
like torturing them in this little like you know device you can sacrifice real
life you can kill people in real life you act like it's impossible it's
entirely possible we have salacious pop in chat says that this is Loki right now
actually this is Loki right now I apologize that that was very low volume
playing YouTube I bet you anything though that fable 3 is going to be very
very very very very similar to fable 2 ok dark soccer is finally giving me back
my clue DVD it's only been two years since she's had it no Rob it's been
longer feels like you have like three movies in here me too I'm gonna watch
this when I get home no I'm not I'm gonna play Wow don't joke with us like
alright can I do one more story that we can open up the skyline sure alright
Nintendo will sue at least that's what they've been doing this week threatening
to do they've been threatening Pokemon fan sites who have been posting Pokemon
black and white screenshots the game came out in Japan and of course you
know folks have been importing it and have been posting screenshots of it on
their fan sites but Nintendo has brought down the legal hammer of justice with a
cease and desist saying quote while Nintendo appreciates your interest in
and support of the Pokemon game series your publication of this content
infringes Nintendo's copyrights in violation of federal law your activity
also and has the potential caught to cause substantial damage to Nintendo and
leaves Nintendo with no choice but to take steps to protect its intellectual
property rights some of the sites that were hit poker beach pokey beach I don't
know and your beach poker be check up your Pokemon sorry be I don't know if
that's one of the names of the Pokemon is Siri be or something and of course
they're very upset no and this is awesome because Nintendo is so epically
horrible at advertising their own stuff now yes they're going to get pissed off
apparently when other people actually try to advertise for them like that's
that's amazing it's also kind of disturbing to me that it's like well the
game's out somewhere but hold on because there was an update that came out to
this that might kind of shed a little light on it and it was you know some
various commenters on websites were kind of noticing that the sites that got shut
down were admitting to using ROMs to get the screens so maybe the problem wasn't
that they were posting screenshots but it's admitting how they did it by
getting ROMs of an import game I mean still screenshots are just screenshots
and the game is already out but you know if you're gonna go around openly saying
I stole the game what if I said you know I wished upon a magic lamp and the gene
granted me this copy of the game are they gonna shut down my Pokemon site
now well then maybe I don't know I mean I could say that it fell from the sky
in a blaze of glory or you just don't say how you got the screenshots at all
you just post them I mean isn't that what most websites do but Rob that would
be like they get their exclusive report we got the exclusive photoshop those
those are photoshop I don't believe that Pokemon has that in there also keep in
mind that the DSI pokie shopped version was region locked for for black and
white I'm so black and blue is the Pokemon bruise y'all know Shane right
yeah on the show a few times he's playing Pokemon black and white right
now on his Japanese DS yeah yes it's the or no no it's yeah he's playing it on an
older one that isn't region locked cuz only like the newer ones are region
locked so he has an old DS so it's not Japanese DS was no one get on his XL I
don't know he's he's playing it one way or another is that's all he ever post
that on Facebook anymore seriously this pokey man if you're listening if you're
listening call in so we can get a review on Pokemon black and white although all
he's gonna say he's gonna say it's awesome why cuz it's awesome why cuz
it's Pokemon and they're awesome well there's the review that's gonna be it
right shame loves his pokey man's tweet them to you all right shall we open up
the skype line do it let's do it and here here's that commercial I was
referring to earlier is I've seen this commercial on real television pick up
the phone and call us now one eight seven seven game ol I should do this
every week I used to only see those when I would watch USA all night run this
year pick up the phone call us right now one eight seven seven game ol our
username on skype is orange lounge radio does the doctor want to do the calls
tonight you would really sure that's brilliant all right the doctor is gonna
do the calls tonight okay good yeah that's what I'm gonna do all right we're
waiting we're just waiting for the calls to come in okay are there any no no one's
calling all right there's a there's a little delay between when we say things
and when it goes out okay all games and all that okay I said on your lap
I'm doing this do you really want to know okay your legs spread open you make
it sound no his legs are crossed and then he opened them wide sorry I have a
wide stance ready for business okay again that's you're disgusting one eight
seven seven game ol our our username on skype is orange lounge radio some nights
we get hammer wood call some nights we don't get calls it's my fault I get I
should have had the woman answering the phone yeah hey Bryce princess what do
you think too busy in the kitchen all right last minute by the way Allen's
listening right now and you know OMG hot all right all right look how about some
last-minute stories look yeah I know you gotta have some tonight cuz there's tons
of stuff that didn't make sure overnight yes the DJ hero to trackless has been
finally revealed and this is actually all the mixes that are in the game so
let's see some of the highlights off of here of course I'm gonna talk about the
prodigy stuff because it's awesome so the prodigy they're gonna have a mashup
I guess just a beat juggle a fire starter which would be pretty awesome
let's see here the chemical brothers featuring q-tip galvanized mixed with
chemical brothers leave home might be neat pussycat dolls the Busta Rhymes
doncha mixed with pitbull I know you want me I know y'all want me no no I
want you it sounds like triumph the insult comic-dog sings that song
seriously if you ever heard it gorillas feature I know you want me and
poo-poo Bobby Womack a stylo it's also gonna be a beat juggle so that's kind of
cool yeah that full list is out there right now they have a lot of beat
juggles this time around including a Daft Punk human after all omen it's come
ooh the omen mixed with orbital the box that's from prodigy as well that's gonna
be done by the scratch perverts and Lady Gaga bad romance is gonna have a beat
juggle done by tiesto which would be pretty cool love lockdown by Kanye West
mix with Metallica's the day that never comes and nucleus jam on it with DJ
Cubert on the vocals they're doing a remix of course by DJ Cubert so yeah
that full list is out there definitely check it out last one I was gonna
mention here naughty by nature OPP mixed with Michael Jackson or with the Jackson
5 ABC interesting this is strange like nobody's calling so of course the minute
I say that there it goes the lights up wait did the doctor go away okay dark
soccer this all you hello you're listening to Orange Lounge radio thank
you for calling who is this how can I help you oh I don't know how you can
help me but maybe maybe we can talk later about video games why don't we
talk now about video games you did call into a video after all oh well I don't
know maybe later this is the worst 30 seconds of radio I've ever had in the
how long we've been doing this show dark soccer about eight and a half years that
was the worst 30 seconds of the show I think in the entire and that's saying
something what do I miss why oh I don't know why you miss somebody testing the
phone to make sure it works clearly it's so funny how some weeks like the phone
will be ringing off the hook like we can't get enough of the calls in and
then tonight it's just chirp chirp chirp chirp crickets did I say did I say
something to make you mad listeners you know we should do we should speak in
British accents until someone calls and that'll force someone to call oh we'll
have a jolly old time nibble on some tea and crumpets well we love to nibble on
your tea and crumpets how do you nibble on tea all right Loki they have made
deep-fried beer so maybe they'll have deep fried tea the phones ringing doctor
are you answering who's answering oh yeah sure here we go hi welcome to
Orange Lounge radio what's your name my name is Rhonda what's up dude not much are you doing
today I'm alright my back is killing me from an epic weekend but other than that
right on right as long as it was epic so what's your mind it was awesome barbecue
fest I went to sweet definitely did you hurt your back from fucking what yeah
but you weren't complaining though were you not so what's on your mind caller
dude I want a bitch about mad cats okay go ahead they need to stop making
controller simple as that what stuff falls apart within like two three months
yeah that would suck if I put a pair of um symbols from my drop for my own rock
band drum set they stopped working within three months are they pretty
cheap though I mean is it like you get what you pay for something like that I
mean the current I got him replaced and I use them sparingly and as they're
starting to act up a little bit here and there well they have updated them for
the rock band three drum set since they actually included with that now and
they're supposed to be more sensitive once rock band three out I want to play
it so bad makes two more weeks it's like a 16th or some oh wait I'm getting a
comment from rice princess here in the background what's that rice princess I
was just saying that Rama was a piece of sexual chocolate oh thank you my dear I
love you too speaking of a rock band I have to plug the
umlaut that's coming up in December it's this thing they do in San Francisco at
the DNA lounge where you can actually like you I don't want to say rent the
stage but you sort of do like you get to play a song on stage in front of like
all the people that are there it's like a concert where you're a band so I'm
thinking the doctor and rice princess and I should do a band would it be fun
yay I tried to get my friend Victoria to do it but she's kind of being flaky
flake on it no I would definitely do that would you yeah oh heck yeah but we
have to dress up okay enter grok side yeah what does it dark sakura we need to
do it we need a fourth dark sakura what would I do with my bro drums oh you
can't do drums oh my god it'll be like I'm fucking monocle all over again you
can do interpretive dance
Beatles rock band harmony like rock star saying I was just grimacing musically
okay good stuff I think this is gonna have to happen what do you think Rama
you have to get on stage to see in front of hundreds of people know it what's
that I said I'm all for it awesome awesome I have to get over my stage
right now you'll be fine just put a paper bag on your head and cut out little
like like like in um um guitar hero you can do on guitar freakin um put a
bucket of chicken thing on your head it's hard like bucket head there you go
no I'm talking I was you know like the little icon guys from guitar freaks
you know that game that was made by that could be our band name guitar freaks was
first well if you want I give you permission to use my band name what's
that rhythm in Jews Rama Jews have no rhythm come on come on I tease because
I suggested that I could play with one arm like the drummer for a definitely
actually that's an amazing idea because what you should do you should do that
whole thing where you put your hand through your shirt so it looks like you
don't have an arm awesome because he has a floor pad maybe we can put it on the
floor and I can hit it with my feet only if you only if you kick your legs back
in a wheelchair it's not like your lieutenant Dan it's it's Halloween time
so he she could we go to a Halloween store and get you one of those fake
arms always been lobbed off I'll be awesome that's okay it was a good idea
at the time I know right we'll just get dark soccer good and drunk before she
goes on stage alright drunk I won't be able to say why do I get a drug just
bribe her with Guinness that here's the best part guys this doesn't get me they
stream loud on the internet so all of you could watch never mind I'll get the
recorder ready and it'll be good act F suggests instrument freaks or band
freaks which is facts maniacs which is great because there's people from
harmonics that actually go to the event and it would be extremely offensive if
we named although I don't know if any people are harmonious is they're
wonderful people but it would be funny could be freaky guitarists we could be
the five seven threes we know we could be the Spice Girls we could dress up as
Spice Girls more like the shy girls I get to be Jerry that's all all right
forget it hi Rama anything else you want to share with our listeners I just got
one thing to say I'm gonna quick I'm tired of everybody bitching at me that
I jump on the Skype lane first for everybody else if you don't want me on
almost every single week call in and be relevant about something I was gonna say
it has something to contribute to the show they had a good ten minutes to call
before you go waiting I was not waiting to be first but no one was calling all
right I stepped up calm calm down slow your all I'm just tired of you know you
get matter that's kind of hot you know it's good stuff any likes all right
Rama we're gonna let you go so we get more calls or hopefully later take care
take care buddy see you know somehow his phone call turned into convincing dark
soccer to sing in front of hundreds of people in the internet at um loud I love
this show I really do times what are you gonna play Eddie uh I don't know the
harp they don't have a harp oh damn it whatever they've got I'll do it all
right sounds good one eight seven seven game olr username on skype is orange
lounge radio you know we'll just see you wait for a call I don't think I've ever
been here when nobody's called yeah but oh my god there's no one calling today
oh no oh now it's lighten up okay good crazy all right oh you're on orange
lounge radio thanks for calling now you're on with the doctor what's going
on may I have the Spanish option for for what oh la bienvenidos a orange lounge
radio telephono s en fuego Rob Rob s muy caliente literally brain
Telemundo that's all I know Lune smart a smear go away actually you find this
really funny this is act f2 course right yeah you know what's funny is now I'm
seeing cuz Skype is popping up like all these people who have never called the
show before are starting to call in so we're gonna have to make this call quick
so you get to some more people but I just want to quickly throw this out here
do you know how we used to learn Spanish in high school you'd probably get a kick
out of this no I haven't okay there's this little song and I still remember it
to this day and it's how you learn how to conjugate verbs okay you ready
vamos hablar el verbo kami nar kami nar kami nar to walk yo kami no tu kami nace
el kami nay it was dead Tom B and I still remember this song to this day is
pathetic French horrible what did you think didn't have any song what did you
think of the verb conjugation song wasn't it awesome oh yeah all right so
speaking of video games what's up in video game world yeah video games so
interesting oh I wanted to talk about a story to talk about last week about a
certain video game side that sells all games ah yes that site that went up and
down and then up again oh I think they're still down though because we're
definitely not covering the story that they came back I'm aware that they're
still down there went my final story of the night oh what would you want to say
about the site that shall not be named well not necessarily about the site but
about like steam and other sites like I don't remember the other right direct to
drive also that sell games the digital distribution distribution well I'm you
know it has a lot of people kind of thinking about digital distribution with
the website going down it's kind of like a lot of people were giving it second
thought like gee is one day all my games just going to suddenly stop working now
to be fair I believe the games that the website got me with a pitchfork was
selling they were DRM free right and then steam has always said if they ever
go down they do have this magic key that will unlock the DRM and all the games
and they have like a panic button they can hit they'll automatically make all
the games DRM free and I'm surprised hackers haven't found it yet but it must
be I think they might have it must be a patch or something I don't know but you
know they there is a way out but yeah it's kind of worrying because I have a
lot of games I have bought and given to me on steam so I kind of I kind of worry
about that where I think it's going to be down someday I think you'll be okay
if you read the terms of service for steam it sounds like you'll be okay now
here's the one you would worry about honestly if I were you was be that on
live as neat as that service is and this scale cool as it looks at the whole
streaming game through the internet or whatever when you buy those games you're
basically buying the game on someone else's computer and if that service ever
goes down you're gonna lose that game now I think they've excuse me they've
guaranteed it for what like three years I think but that's you know after that
three years you may not have the game anymore which you know after three years
you may not want to play the game anymore but I don't know there's some
games I want to go back and visit after a long time like the very first
civilization I could still play that game it's great and no I didn't place it
five this week I'm a bad sieve fan anyhow well good thing on live it's it's
I think it's not available in Mexico so I don't have to worry about that
hopefully someday as always get last in line I'm sorry yeah all right well any
other thoughts before we let you go no that's pretty much it all right you have
a good one and I hope you enjoyed the new Kirby game when it comes out because
I know you're gonna be fan all right it's in your icon in case I forgot take
care one eight seven seven game olr our username on skype is orange lounge radio
sorry doctor I kind of took over that call that's right go ahead yes that's
hot that's hot I'm gonna be I'm gonna be really horny tonight so it's okay well
this concludes another episode of orange lounge radio all right no just kidding
one eight we still have time for a few more calls one eight seven seven two
game olr or our username on skype excuse me orange lounge radio and to those of
you guys I saw some first-time callers trying to get through so we'll see if we
can't get some of these calls here again that's one eight seven seven another
call olr or a username on skype is orange laundry yes that is a call coming
in right now let's take it thank you for calling orange lounge radio right you're
online with the doctor what's up hey this is entertainment hey what's up
what's on your mind I want to bitch about PSN for a second okay right on
well I got move and I downloaded a couple demos because I didn't get the
$99 package with the demo disk in it okay so I I set this up to download
overnight and usually I can go to work or set stuff to download overnight on
live and it'll be done when I wake up or get home so I wake up and the thing is
and my PlayStation 3 is still on I'm serious it's still trying to download well
no it downloaded overnight but it took at least eight hours because I went to
sleep about 2 a.m. and left to go see a movie at about 11 and it was still on oh
wait what was it you were trying to download just the the patch or seven
seven demos for move Wow and none of them were any bigger than about three
hundred fifty max it wasn't the same no it wasn't the same day the network went
down right it's just it maybe they were just getting hammered I don't know that's
so it's kind of freaky you know you can buy full games on PSN can she has like
gigs and gigs of data that would just take you hours like you could just go
out the door drive to the mall downtown and back in less time than it would take
for the stupid game to download digital distribution might not really be the
wave of the future just yet it works for the smaller games like on Xbox Live
Arcade and you know some of the smaller PSN games but that's crazy I imagine
just a bunch of people were hitting it all at once but it's kind of surprising
they don't have a better backup system you know for that well a lot of people
must be trying to download the heavy rain move patch now because I triggered
it to download at about 9 o'clock which is 8 Pacific and it's been about an hour
and it says it's 16% complete and it will take 324 minutes left oh that's
ridiculous do you have points running I mean maybe your porn torrents are
clogging everything that could be the job no the only thing I'm doing right
now is I'm calling you on my iPad huh and that's it this is pretty good
quality for an iPad I must say huh well I I don't know sir I you could call Sony
and complain or you could just bitch about it on internet forums like you're
doing now yeah most people are going to be doing I mean what can you do the
internet is for yeah exactly it's for bitching anonymously on internet forums
about your products yeah anything else you want to complain about while you're
on no I was I did finally play some of the demos and they're really good the
tumble demo is really nice mm-hmm and so is ruse which is kind of what I've
always wanted from wiimote from out of the week do you think it's do you think
that this the PlayStation might have a serious competitor here to the Wii I
don't know it all depends on the games right right but it sounds like you were
enjoying a couple of these demos yeah the ruse demo is kind of this
militaristic strategy game which I might have to pick that up when it finally
comes out I don't know I still haven't got the move myself yet maybe maybe at
some point or I'll just go over to Loki and play his that sounds like an even
better idea right Loki yeah all right I haven't even played mine yet any other
last thoughts before we let you go that's about it all right just don't
forget to turn off the port hopefully someday I will be able to play heavy
rain with move all right well let us know maybe next week and maybe it might
take that long all right good luck take care of you too all right one eight seven
seven game olr or our username on skype is orange lounge radio if you want to
give us a call give us a call let's walk I like this little icon on skype
because it was Dario no let's start you you love Dario right I do all right
doctor you ready for another call sure all right you're online with orange
lounge radio this is the doctor what's up hello it's salacious pop hey what's
up salacious pop that much I'm calling in so everyone can hear my hot sexy I
have a chest cold bro voice ah dude I love the bro voice yeah I'm gonna go put
on like a Dave Matthews band CD and put on a visor sideways like a great visual
yeah keep talking keep talking I was calling about Ronda's comment that mad
cats really just needs to stop making controllers okay I have a little story
about that awesome I used I bought one of their like eight
and one memory sticks for the Dreamcast where it has a switch on it it died
after like a month it deleted all my saves no I love that it not only died
but it deleted them that's that's amazing yeah and then since he was
talking about controllers I bought a Blanca six button the fighting pad for
the 360 when Street Fighter 4 came out and I got it off I think eBay it was
brand new it was in like the horrible clamshell where you need like a box
cutter and a living sacrifice to get the fuck it's open and meanwhile you break
the product is you're opening yeah yeah it didn't work like it was just dead out
of the box the 360 was like I don't know what the fuck you just connected to me
but this is doubt it get that get this away from me so I said like 40 bucks on
a mad cat's controller that was just dead like that's awesome so they need to
stop very good yeah I agree with all those stories I would probably buy one
just to you know step on it and kick the grass room I can hear Rob giggling hi hi
feel better fine also since you guys are talking about the Tomb Raider reboot I
really think that no one Kerr about Lara Croft anymore and that they need to put
that franchise to bed because there are so many bad games associated with that
hold on you enjoyed that Lara Croft in the guardian light game as much as I did
unless you were lying for my benefit no see that's the thing that's an awesome
game no it is but because it has Lara Croft and Tomb Raider attached to it
like that's the brand people are gonna go oh you know what's this shit and
they're not gonna buy it I think that's what if if that co-op game was put under
a new IP with new characters people would go oh this is a great game because
it is but just the Tomb Raider games for the ps2 were awful three four five for
the ps1 were awful so I just feel that this kind of box office poison like I
don't know she's Lara Croft is Lara Croft is the M night Shyamalan of video
games you pretty much like they just they don't care you know she was genre
breaking in 96 with her you know platforming and her bad pyramid tips but
now no one cares no wonder no one care about Lara Croft which is which is a
shame because I think that you know I'd often still put out good games with her
it's just that she as an icon is bringing their ideas down I don't know
do you think maybe they got one more chance like maybe this reboot if it's
really good maybe people can look past it and forgive or no it's over put it
pasture didn't I thought the game the adventure game that they put out for her
last year or the year before I think it's for the ps3 was also supposed to
be really good but like again I've never really heard of that like once it came
out no one cared and it never really broke any sales charts so I think it may
just be a done deal I guess with the reboot if they'd have to put a lot of
money into marketing it to say like no really guys this was actually good or
just put the topless patch in honestly and then boys everywhere want to play
right just just release it on PC in the skidding community will take care of
that for them there you go all right anything else you want to share with the
listeners nope that's it I managed to stave off having a coffee fit for a good
two minutes so I think now's a good time to leave okay feel better better get
better or Disneyland so I can spin you around in a teacup yay I'll throw up on
you awesome all right bye okay bye one eight seven seven game olr that's really
he's funny he's funny he's a good guy yes Orange Launch Radio on Skype if you
want to give us a call oh we're back to being British again hello Rob what we
doing tonight I'm going to our chat room at chat that orange lounge radio calm
Frisbee going to our chat room at chat orange lounge radio calm Frisbee in our
chat room says pyramid tits I smell a new Silent Hill monster oh good lord
yeah how do you smell that all the way from where you're at that's kind of
that's a little bit freaky I don't know you know so did you have any other last
minute stories Loki each you want to get to sure hold on we get more calls now
it's lighting up like crazy let's get to another call doctor you ready yep thank
you for calling orange lounge radio you're online with the doctor what's up
hey what's up suppose what's that I'm on with the doctor you're on with the
doctor I'm the doctor is there any aliens I need to be worrying about them
ah there's tons of aliens dude I got my son a screwdriver and I'm ready to go
oh shit I gotta run we better because there is an awful lot of running so we
definitely need to do that so besides the aliens what's going on tonight with
you wait who is that hi who is this this is zappy hi zappy how are you
I'm pretty good okay I'll let's talk to doctor yet okay well the reason was
talking good call in was because it's sort of related to what rare team was
talking about before is because I have a copy of ruse but for the Xbox 360 and
let me tell you that controller is in isn't cutting it like it's I can see
it's a really good game but you're just being held back by the horrible horrible
controls like I select my units and always picking the wrong ones and it's
just not working I could see that because that's a lot of games in game
room are kind of like that a lot of Street Fighter 4 on the Xbox 360 kind of
made me think that because it was just so awful to try and control but it's
kind of a bummer that that controller really ruins some games and what pisses
me off is because I didn't know that they're gonna have a PlayStation move
and that would probably work a lot better than trying to you know it's
basically like having a big anchor and being thrown off the side of the boat
you're kind of being dragged down to the bottom the ocean there well now what do
you think though about this new Xbox 360 controller they're supposed to be
putting out that has the whole like yeah you just twist it and then it's like a
different d-pad it looks like a big gimmick to charge me $65 isn't that
terrible that they're only bound bundling it with that dumb play in
charge or whatever it is like oh it's so annoying how they do this just like it's
just like Nintendo doing that new Nintendo remote with Wii Plus or
whatever with a crappy tennis knockoff game I mean really that's yeah but at
least the Wii Sports Resort was at least you know fun that's true I don't know I
didn't play a lot of that very seriously because I kind of gave up on the way I
haven't had my Wii plugged in and like over a year which is really sad because
I wanted to play Metroid but I just I can't bring myself to hook up the new
Nintendo Wii. God dammit you're lazy. Somewhere deep in Nintendo America's headquarters, Reggie is amazed crying himself to sleep after that.
but the problem is like I have heard nothing but bad things about the new
Metroid and it's making me a little weird well I've heard a few good things
here and there but I'm a little scared because like Super Metroid is like the
Holy Grail of video games to me and oh yeah I love Super Metroid and if they
botched it like I'm I'm really really sad like my experience with new Metroid
was about five minutes at Best Buy and it seemed okay but I have five minutes I
can't really say here or there could be good just wouldn't kind of made me
honest yeah you can't base an entire review of a game off of just five
minutes you know cuz I'm sure everybody at E3 loved it you know the lines to play
that game at E3 were like hours long it was almost as long as the 3ds line at
some points because it was moving a little slower really it's not like I
guess the people who couldn't get into the 3ds line said okay I'll sell from
Metroid yes yes maybe not hours but like at least an hour it's crazy how long
lines get there that reminds me I'm getting my wallet ready this week to
find out how much they'll be raping me out of my wallet for the 3ds oh is that
are they announcing a date this week well I'm hearing there and finally
announced it like in the middle of this week I think was Wednesday that's right
because Nintendo doesn't do Tokyo game show right but they always do their own
little kind of like spin-off right they do their own little fan event around the
same time so that makes sense so I'm kind of like basically unless they're
like charging a thousand bucks they basically got me locked down for that
thing I gonna say it's probably gonna be 249 and it's gonna come with a like
either I think it'll be like kind of like a tech demo II type of game that's
just a bunch of like the movie trailers and some of the tech demos they were
showing it on 3ds and then like ocarina of time in 3d or some old-ass Nintendo
IP that they can just easily do as the pack in the game well they got me at
launch for DS and I bought the PSP within three months of launch so I'm
pretty sure I'm gonna pick this up do you regret buying either of those
systems maybe the PSP a little bit you know the DS I had been having like as a
paperweight for the last six months there really hasn't been anything coming
out this year for it no yeah they didn't really show a lot of d3 either because
there it's all about the 3ds now you know and except for the little girl
games like fancy Nancy yeah that's like the only thing that seems interesting
coming out is maybe Pokemon in black and white well that's true that's gonna be a
big deal when it comes out well otherwise I just don't see my fancy all
right well zappy any other thoughts for the listeners before I let you go
tonight um don't buy ruse on the 360 the PC is probably the best choice and maybe
the PlayStation move version all right word of warning of caution to the
listeners all right you have a good one zappy thanks for the call later later
later all right that's gonna do it for the Skype line tonight thank you guys so
much for all the calls tonight sorry to those that didn't get through like you
should have called when we first opened it cuz it was wide open I'm so sorry
guys but we had a wrap up and get my friend Frodo got through at the very
beginning clearly yeah we would yeah by the way for those that are angry they
didn't get through on tonight you can thank that first call for eating up 30
seconds of your time just so you know there you go I know quickly any other
last-minute stories they'll give us to get out any plants versus zombies action
dark soccer wants to share I'm currently owning a bunch of zombies you know what
that game needs and maybe it has it and I don't know multiplayer I'm the Xbox
360 version it does does it it they've added it yeah that's cool I might have
to play it on the 360 player I'm just playing a little puzzle mode I don't
know if this is mentioned before because I've been paying a lot of attention
plants versus zombies is now becoming a quest in World of Warcraft
capitalism mm-hmm so that's pretty awesome peace bloom versus ghouls or
whatever they're calling it it's hilarious I want the sunflower pet not
gonna lie also there is a fan release of the command conquer 3 the forgotten it's
a brand new expansion for command and conquer 3 and the best part about it
it's fan made so go check it out at the forgotten dot CNC labs calm and check
out the new units and different things you get to play around with so that's
kind of cool you said unit also World of Warcraft yes mobile guild chats coming
to World of Warcraft I believe via the World of Warcraft armory which is an
iPhone iPad or iPod Android device app and you probably have to pay the
premium that you have to pay it is a $2.99 monthly subscription fee yeah yeah
not gonna lie though it's yes it's extremely homosexual well I'm not to be
honest I'm not gonna lie it actually sounds kind of cool like you being able
to sign on and just say hey hey I don't know just sign up for some other sort of
I'm sure there's other voice chat options perhaps through sky I'm not
really gonna get it I mean through Skype totally free and I'm sure you can do you
know some sort of party chat with that ventrilo on the iPhone that's why do
they have that chatters Oh Amiga seven seven says you mean it's
homotextual that was funny I like that so cute the baby not I know I know all
right anything else you want to share with Loki the last minute stories no
hey dark Sakura anything you've got over there yeah that's what I thought more
plants versus zombies well that's gonna do it for another episode of orange
lounge radio thank you guys so much for tuning in and listening to our show
tonight you know we always say if you guys like what you hear please help us
spread the word tell two people you know about the show and if you didn't like
what you heard oh well sorry you didn't work out for you but continue to support
independent podcasts and independent radio there's a whole lot of great shows
at all games calm or seriously just going to iTunes and look for some
independent shows there's a lot of really great stuff and and and what I
would also like to make a mention of comic insanity mm-hmm the other podcast
that I record cheap plug cheap plug no it's all good with tiara and shadow mm-hmm
and we're really awesome and you can find us at infamous it's infamous
without the I dotnet and the Robin extra for Warcraft show is still in
development it's it's gonna happen soon but it's just we're having problems
being able to tape it like at the same you know just our schedules kind of
conflict and then we haven't been able to get the Skype thing to work so we
have to tape it in person and now I don't have all the recording stuff at my
house and you're too busy playing Wow no I can tear myself away from Wow for that
like I and I do but that's that okay mm-hmm I'm being whispered secret
messages from dark side she's whispering sweet nothings in my ear oh my good
times so there we go that's gonna do it for another show let's go around to
everybody's final thought first off the doctor thank you so much for manning the
sky flying tonight appreciate ya hey final thoughts for listeners tonight so
rice princess thank you as always for being here glad you guys can make it two
weeks in a row now I don't ever come again I just kidding I'm kidding of
course rice princess any final thoughts for listeners bye all right low-key any
final thoughts for listeners tonight
might have some impressions on the Microsoft Connect this week or next week
sounds good my final thought is have a good week next week you guys and have a
good show without me here I'm sad I won't be here but at the same time I'm
gonna be a Disneyland like I'm gonna get her blaze two things Rob number one I
like that you're talking to them but neither of them are listening to you no
I know and number two you're waiting I know that's fine okay they're
preoccupied with dark soccer your final thought tonight I want a taco I'm back
on raw food and I want a taco that noise stop downloading the vuvuzela apps right
now sounds like a cat strangled a vuvuzela sounds like this
until next week I'll see you guys in two weeks but they'll be back next week with
more of orange launch radio have a good week everybody I'm out you've been
listening to orange lounge radio orange lounge radio is an orange lounge
production to join us for a live show visit www.all games.com sunday nights at
6 p.m. pacific time the views and opinions expressed on orange lounge
radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of orange lounge
radio or all games.com but we're probably right anyway see you next week
