Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio. We are live on September the 5th of 2010,
a Sunday here with our Orange Lounge Radio Marathon. We are almost, what, about 7 hours
in at this point now.
Dan, check on the pizza.
We started at about 2.05 and it's now 8.50 on the west coast here where we tape. You
can listen live, of course, to All Games Radio, www.allgames.com. I imagine that's what most
of you are doing because the podcast, you'd have to be way, way, way into that now to
get to this point. So, anyhow, we were going to do some news here and I was going to open
the Skype line again here in just a moment, so we'll have that again open if you want
to give us a call at 1-877-GAME-OLR. Not just yet, I'm going to open it here in a moment.
But we had another question, I guess, come in on Ask Orange Lounge or something. It slipped
through the cracks and I thought it was a pretty good question, so I apologize to bother
Alan mid-chew there, but do you remember what that question was all about? The extra question
we got?
Which game or system did you pass up on when it came out that you never bought that you
now regret?
Or, I thought there was also a question about what system do you regret buying to?
Okay, well, let's do both. What system do you regret buying and what thing do you wish
you hadn't passed up, I guess that would be? I think for me, the thing that I most regret
passing up probably was the Sega Dreamcast the first time it was out. I ended up buying
one eventually, but I didn't buy one when it first came out in 99 because that was kind
of the period where I was still trying to wrap up all my college stuff and my life was
in this total discourse for a while. So I didn't buy one when it first came out, which
is a pity because it was kind of an awesome system. So that would probably be my answer,
the Sega Dreamcast. I did get one when they were like 40 bucks. Remember when they cut
the price down to like 40 bucks? Or at least GameStop was just trying to unload them or
something because at that point you could do all the NES emulators on the Dreamcast
and all that stuff. It was really cool. So that's when I finally got on the Dreamcast
bandwagon, but it was a little bit too late. And keep in mind guys, the Skype line is not
open yet. So if you're calling in, hold off, we'll get to the calls a little later here
in the program. Alan? I actually was able to buy an original edition of Panzer Dragoon
Saga for the Saturn, which came out well after the Saturn was dead. I bought it, took the
bus after school to go to the mall, dropped the 70 or 80 bucks for it. I ended up selling
it for a killing on eBay. Like two years later, I never touched it. So I bought it, never
played it. And Panzer Dragoon Saga is one of the greatest RPGs, especially for the Saturn.
And I sold it on eBay for like 200 something bucks and I needed the money. But it's like,
why did I do that? Like I had, I just walked into the store and bought it and I never touched
it. You could play ours if you want. The N64 I got for Ocarina of Time because I was very,
you know, at that age I was very elitist and snobby about CD-ROM versus card and how Nintendo
was making the wrong decision. And I bought an N64 just for Ocarina of Time and I never
really played any other game. I bought a bunch of games for the N64 and never touched them.
So that was probably a waste of money. So those would be the, wait, now you're talking
the games you regret buying, right? Yeah those are my two for that. Do you have any for the
one that I had answered about the system or game you regret not buying? I really wish
I could have checked out the TurboGrafx, but that was a bit out of my league at the time.
My friend had one and at the time I thought it was kind of stupid. I gotta be honest like
the games I played on it were not that great. Like we played Splatterhouse which was kind
of cool. Like in the fact that you know it was Splatterhouse it was kind of like a horror
movie type game but otherwise I didn't find the games on it to be that great. And to this
day I got to admit I know Dark Soccer's got a lot of love for it. Maybe it's because she's
out of the room. I'll dare to say this. I still kind of think the whole thing was kind
of overrated. Like it wasn't that great of a system I don't think. Well it was the only
system that got the original Street Fighter and it also got you know Castlevania X the
lost Castlevania game until recently. And that's cool but you know how many of us actually
played that? I mean sure Jamie did but she's you know cray cray. Yeah in a good way. Aside
from that all the systems that were even a little bit relevant I had at one point I did
get a Genesis. I got it years after everyone else but I got it before the PlayStation one
came out. The 32X and the Sega CD were all considered failures so you know don't really
have much regrets there. I have the original Lunar on a ROM I can play it on my computer
so. For me the system that I regret buying like not don't regret not buying but the game
the system I regret buying that I kind of wish I hadn't was a second DS. I had a DS
fat and then the original DS and then I bought a DS lite and I don't think I really needed
that lite. You don't handheld game at all. I really don't. Unless you're on a plane.
Yeah so I honestly think the DS fat would have been good enough for me and I should
have never bought the lite and I bought the lite in a moment of weakness I bought it when
I was traveling and literally had like nothing else to do so I went to a local game stop
in the town and bought the lite and I kind of wish I hadn't. What about the PSP fat?
I'm sure you have one of those right? I did and I ended up getting a PSP 3000 as well
but you know what I actually would play the PSP probably more than I did the DS. Just
the certain games that were on it with luminous and the final fantasy remakes and so forth.
I mean don't get me wrong the DS had its games too but I don't know also the PSP one I kind
of wore it down and it didn't work as well anymore so it kind of justified for me the
PSP 3000 even though that's probably not like the greatest reason to have one if that makes
sense but yeah. I know the idea of buying a movie on UMD is kind of ridiculous but if
you can get you know Kill Bill on UMD it fries for like five bucks that's got a better strain
on it than your iPhone does really. Oh yeah. To watch a movie on that. Good stuff. Dar
Sacra we're talking about the system or console you regret most buying and then the one you
regret not buying. I don't really have anything that I regret buying I guess if I was going
to pick one it would be the game com because it was awful. I don't even regret the end
gauge because I had some good stuff on there but as far as things I regret not buying.
You know what's funny Robert M. in chat gave the same answer almost at the same time the
game com this is where you're at. I'm because I haven't really passed up anything. I think
maybe no I have Proteus salamander deluxe pack because Dan's been wanting it lately.
Oh on the PSP? No the Saturn. Oh because they have they have a gratius collection on PSP
I think they did a salamander one. I've regretted never buying a duo RX because we could
certainly use one. Bradley? Okay let's see what I regret and probably not buying was
I never got a Dreamcast. I hear all the great stories about it and I just never got around
to it. I don't know I don't think this might have been the time. I did have a job at the
time so I didn't really have couldn't get it. The system was truly ahead of its time
if it had come out like two years later with DVD support I think I honestly think it would
have whipped the PlayStation 2. I really truly think that. I know I'm crazy but I do. Yeah
I don't think there's any systems that I regret buying because I think I like all my systems
that I have. His story about Prince of Dragoon makes me reminds me I actually had to sell
mine off because I was I had like no money at the time and really regret doing that and
really didn't want to buy it back. I actually did win an auction for it on eBay for like
200 something bucks but the guy never shipped it which was really annoying. He kept saying
he wasn't going to ship it but he didn't and it gave him like a fake code or something
but since I did it through PayPal I was able to get the money back at least for that so
I can see if I can find it again sometime. The game I regret of buying was the sequel
to Alex Kidd in Miracle World. I can't remember what it was called. Alex Kidd 2 something
is just because Alex Kidd in Miracle World is a great game. It takes a while to get through
it and it takes a while to figure it out because I played it again like a few years ago and
I couldn't get through it because there's like some spikes and stuff in the last few
levels that can be kind of hard to get past. But the second game is like it's a really
easy instead of having like the map like the first one has and the first one is not exactly
it's not linear or it's not left to right it's left to right and up and down depending
on the level but in the second game you only go left to right and it's actually a really
easy game. I beat it the first day and it's like really disappointing just because of
how great the first game was. Alright good answers guys. I think we're going to do some
quick news stories. We had a couple left over that we never got around to and then we actually
have some other discussion topics. So Dark Soccer I don't know if you have the piece
on the last one that we had left over that we didn't get to before dinner. I do. About
Telltale. Basically Telltale is doing a five episode Back to the Future series and it's
going to have Marty McFly and Doc Brown. It has Christopher Lloyd voicing Doc Brown which
is great and Hill Valley being 1985 and guidance from the screenwriter Bob Gale and the DeLorean.
So they're still working on getting the rest of it up but they're still a bit missing you
know. I guess what? Hoverboards and Huey Lewis in the news. I'm looking forward to seeing
like what the actual game looks like. You know we've heard a lot of talk about the game
and kind of like ramping up to it. I'm kind of excited to see what the damn thing actually
looks like but I'm sure it'll be fine. I have some trivia for you. You can kind of guess
because can I tell you a secret? Like a lot of people are going to judge me for this but
I don't really care. I have never seen Back to the Future one or two. We can fix that.
But I have seen part three isn't that weird? The Wild West one. I saw one and then I saw
three I didn't see two for the longest time. I never saw one or two. But Rob. What? Here's
some trivia for you. On the Back to the Future pinball table you know that Michael J. Fox
would not allow his likeness to be used so they made a generic looking dude. I think
I know that because you've brought it up on the show before. Actually true story. True
story. Alright. One other story for you guys and it has to do with the Connect Beta is
going on right now of course. They're starting to ship out and all that good stuff. Someone
is trying to sell theirs on eBay. They're trying to get twelve hundred dollars for it.
But it was quickly taken offline. I'm assuming Microsoft sent a cease and desist to the kind
of folks at eBay. So probably Microsoft did not take kindly to the fact that the unit
was being sold. The seller on eBay was Blue Room Project and there were no bids actually
made on the system. So there it was. What's interesting about it though is that I would
think that this and the article kind of gets into this too is that you would think these
connects are going to be sending back quite a bit of data to Microsoft servers so it could
kind of figure out who's playing connect that shouldn't be. Right? Like if you get a connect
early aren't you kind of setting yourself up for trouble unless you never sign on to
Xbox Live which I guess you could do but then how would you get the patches and all that
stuff. It just seems tricky tricky. I wish Loki was here to explain a little more about
how you could get around that but I'm just thinking you know what probably not a good
idea to just buy these that you don't really have the rights because Microsoft can track
what goes online and you're going to have to go online to get some of the patches and
updates so it just doesn't make sense. That was it for the news. That was all the news
we had set to cover this show. So if you have more stories you want to talk about we're
actually going to open up the Skype line. Now it is open folks. 1-877-GAME-OLR our username
on Skype is OrangeLawnTradio. We're going to take some more calls. So you can either
call us and talk to us about a news story or really anything you've heard about tonight
or you can send us a tweet at twitter.com slash o-l-r. You can send us a tweet and we'll
read those again in a little bit if we're getting some tweets at twitter.com slash o-l-r
and I think Dark Soccer had mentioned something about wanting to do the mailbag again but
I don't know if any letters have dropped in. We're kind of monitoring all those pretty
closely right now. I'm actually going to kind of load up the tweets. Let's see how those
are going. Alright we are getting some calls. Let's go to the phones. Hi you're on OrangeLawnTradio
who's this? Hey this is XLink. Hey XLink welcome to hour 7 of the marathon. How ya doing? Doing
good and you? I'm still awake that's a good thing. What's on your mind? Nothing much.
I'm really excited to hear that they are going to do a mini series based on Back to the Future
which is hopefully going to be epic now they're getting actual actors to do the voices from
the movie and stuff so that's going to be cool. I would love to see Michael J. Fox come
on also because that would be excellent. Also Telltale also got excited for it because they
announced a new poker game coming out this fall with different characters from different
game series. Poker Night at the Inventory with Tycho from Penny Arcade, the Strong Bad from
Home Star Runner, Max from Sam & Max and then the Heavy from Team Fortress 2. So that should
be pretty interesting of a poker game when they get that all said and done. Yeah to be
fair it was brought up about 6 hours ago but yeah we did talk about it a little bit but
it sounds kind of interesting. I'm not usually somebody that gets super into the poker games
but I kind of like where this one's going. It's an interesting hodgepodge of characters.
What do you kind of hope you get out of this poker game? Just the wackiness because of
Telltale and the way they're going to put this together there's going to be some kind
of epic fighting going on between characters and stuff which is going to be absolutely
great to see. That's the over-slapstick humor that they usually do with some of their games.
So what else is on your mind? Anything? No I've been playing a lot of WoW as of course
you should know. Of course because I play a lot of WoW too. Fancy that. Yeah we all
do. What are some of your WoW accomplishments recently? Almost had the TOC 25 which I would
have been very proud of. Just a lot of different odds and ends. ICC getting farther than that
now in the 10 man so with the guild. Hopefully I'm really going to be proud because I'm going
to try to go for some of the other odds and ends like the fishing mounts and stuff like
that. Awesome. Yeah so. Alright well anything else on your mind buddy before we let you
go and take more calls? Nope that's pretty much about it. Well you have a good night
good luck with WoW. Thank you you too. Alright bye. Alright 1-877-GAME-OLR our username on
Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio you can give us a call. Alright. I was just ringing off the
hook a minute ago so I'm hoping more calls will come in. We are getting some tweets thank
you guys. Twitter.com slash OLR we'll get to those in just a moment. How you doing over
there DuckSock are you good? Yeah I'm a little woozy. From the drinking? Yeah I'm starting
to get a little like heyyyy. Brandy hits me really fast. I don't care. Alright hey you're
on OrangeLoungeRadio who's this? Hi this is Spazzinator. Hey Spazzinator welcome to the
marathon what's on your mind? Yeah well this is probably a question that's probably better
answered by Loki but since he took off a few hours ago I'll ask you guys. I'm kind of sort
of toying around with the idea of more or less recreating our K-Camp that I once saw
going years back. I don't know if you've ever seen this one particular model. It had a samurai
showdown 4 in it and basically the configuration was and it came in two pieces. The one section
had the joysticks and the buns and the coin slots and all that and maybe the second piece
was basically the monitoring. There was like 5 or 10 feet away and there was like a chain
flicking the two together. Wait wait wait you gotta back up here. This was a special
machine or a custom machine you're saying? Yeah I think more or less recreating at least
part of the custom machine for myself or at least the part with the controls on it. You
know aside from the part with the controls like the joystick and all that I was wondering
what kind of materials do you think I should be using to build the cabin itself like should
I use like particle boards and laminate or? Yeah this is definitely a low key question
because I don't know anything about this stuff but I will tell you one like somewhat cheap
alternative that I've heard being used before is like actually trying to find old arcade
cabinets that for whatever reason the games inside them don't work anymore because the
cabinets seem to make pretty good shells for these custom cabinets for whatever it is you're
trying to build. A samurai showdown 4 case or whatever it is. Those are usually a really
good place to start at least from what I've heard and I think that's what quite a few
people have done. Like don't you guys have like a custom cabinet in some time? We just
modified a pole position back in the day and used it and put a damp built the layout and
everything with the buttons and joysticks. Yeah. Otherwise as far as like specific materials
that work best not really my realm of expertise because I've never built a cabinet so I'm
not going to profess to know that stuff but I'm sure there are some websites or yeah Loki
is a good resource you know when he's here when he's not babysitting. Yeah ultimately
my goal is to you know like let's say get you know to use this is just an example I'm
thinking of gaining one of those $150 arcade sticks for the PNC or 360 drop drop that into
the cabinet run but arcade sticks wires to my gain system and then in turn have my gain
system go to my high def TV and more or less kind of sort of have a arcade cabinet but
not quite. Well I know that Loki was also going to be working on a project about building
arcade cabinets for like a hundred bucks so you know I'm all about building on a budget
that's for sure. Alright well thanks for taking my call. Alright. Alright have a good one.
You too buddy have a good night. You too. Alright. 1877 game OLR or our username on
Skype is orange lounge radio. Yeah we're taking more calls I've been seeing quite a few it's
like they'll all come in all at once. I think you can tell when like the 30 seconds catches
up to everybody because you know there's time from the time we say something to encode to
send all games to broadcast to you so like I think after that 30 seconds is up like the
phone just lights up it's kind of awesome. Take a few more calls here and then maybe
go back to the Twitter. Did we check the email bag? Do we have any new emails to go to? I
think they were junk mail. Stupid spammers. Spammers need to go kill themselves. Not really
though but yes. Alright more calls. Hi you're on orange lounge radio the marathon who's
this? Legend of Zaku from your cell phone. Hey Legend of Zaku from your cell phone. Welcome
to hour 7 of the marathon what's up? Oh wow you guys are really pushing it this time aren't
you? Yeah a little bit. We haven't done a show this long since DDR tournaments that's
for sure. Right so yeah apparently the the biggest thing right now is Duke Nukem Forever
basically coming back from the dead in a more spectacular way. I never thought it would
actually happen. Oh yes what do you think about all this news that has come out of Penny
Arcade Expo? All I know is that it you know it better they better just stick to the schedule
get it out because the last thing we need is for other folks to just you know have this
game be the butt of everyone's joke again. At the same time though at this point Zaku
what's another year? Like you know if they if they delay it to 2012 what's another year
at this point? But but the game is so close I mean people are already playing a demo of
it and what I hear is like at polishing stages. No I get it it's just like. I agree if they're
showing it on the floor at Penny Arcade Expo it's darn close to done and they're they're
really I mean showing it at Penny Arcade Expo keep in mind they bypassed E3 to make this
announcement they if this has been in development since 2009 they could have announced this
at E3 but they didn't they went and took it directly to people like you and me at Penny
Arcade Expo that's like unzipping it and whipping it out on the table for everybody to admire
that's what. Then again this game actually appeals to the hardcore demographic not necessarily
something you would want you know average Joe gamer who pretty much doesn't have a clue
as to what Duke Nukem is unless they have been playing during the you know mid to late
90s. Well I mean they've tried to drop these little inklings of Duke Nukem to put it back
in our consciousness in the past couple years like the Duke Nukem release on Xbox Live and
I think there's another like isn't there a 2D Duke Nukem game set to come out? Pretty
much I mean the whole point is that I guess I kind of find it surprising that the first
you know you know the studio behind Borderlands and the guys found it it pretty much has connection
to 3D Realms and the you know and the folks who ran it up until its demise. I never thought
is you know that guy's career is pretty much owed to Duke Nukem. Well now I'm wondering
though if um you know they knew that they had this game that Gearbox has had this game
since like 2009 like when did Duke Nukem come out? Didn't it come out about a year ago?
I guess I guess it would be about I'm wondering if they didn't push out that Duke Nukem Live
around the time that they knew that Gearbox would be taking this game on to kind of help
push Duke Nukem back to the front of everybody's minds like that's kind of one thing I'm thinking
now in retrospect. Wondering how the timing of everything worked out. All I know is that
basically from what I read in the article like a Taco article when they interviewed
you know that guy basically after 3D Realms shut down most of it was pretty much a two
bit operation running from people's apartments. Pretty much a garage game up until a point
where Gearbox took control of it. So it was pretty much it was pretty much coming together
piecemeal so there's no way you would mount something unless you have a solid backing
from one of the developers able to actually finish the job instead of putting it through
development hell. 15 years is like pretty much pushing it for any product. You know
even Starcraft 2 but then again Blizzard took their time and they got it out the door. But
3D Realms pretty much you know that's what cost them you know that's what took the studio
down with them. The fact they couldn't deliver. Well I mean you know again it's been shown
now it's something that is actually going to come out so we'll you know see what happens.
Right and hopefully everything everything will make sense and at least I can hear more
like one liners out of this guy. That's pretty much what OLR needs a lot more Duke Nukem
one liners out of nowhere. I don't know the soundboard is kind of saved for special occasions
we'll see. And real quick a comment from our chat room Derek H is asking is the caller
saying that 3D Realms was a garage development house? No I'm just saying that after 3D Realms
blew up because of Duke Nukem Forever's development the folks from 3D Realms in the transition
the gearbox you know in between that time started working you know worked on Duke Nukem
Forever from their apartment. So some of it during that time with 3D Realms the demise
still got handed over the gearbox was pretty much a two-bit operation. I know 3D Realms
pretty much a you know big-name studio back in the day. Hell they really they turned out
a lot of PC types and now I'm pretty much fond of. All right. So I hope you know. Well
I think it's going to be great. The only thing that's going to be sad is that since it's
not you know just like Borderlands you're not going to get quests in Duke Nukem as far
as I know so it won't be like you know hey you need to go up to the stripper and tipper
although I guess you do have to press R to pee in the toilet. No the whole point of Duke
Nukem is just pick up and play you know kill people max out on your on your try to like
get all the power ups and weapons and just go all out. That's the whole point is it you're
just killing you're just shooting people like do but instead you're just like you know you're
killing a lot more aliens and monsters. All right. And with the bottom one-liners. All
right well Zaku we got to let you go to get some more calls but I hope you can get your
hands on Duke Nukem soon and see see it's the real thing. All right. Later. Have a good
one. 877 game OLR username on Skype is Orange Launch Radio we have another call coming in.
Hi you're on Orange Launch Radio who's this? Hey this is DJ Blaziken. Hey DJ Blaziken what's
on your mind? Oh not much other than I've been listening to this whole marathon shindig
since it started up and the whole music break thing is bringing me back to the old days
back from the really old episodes I started listening to you guys back on your old station.
Well I'm glad to hear I'm glad to hear it that's kind of the idea behind it now for
those that are listening on the podcast we can't do the copyrighted music that we were
playing during our little breaks here for meals and potty and all that stuff but yeah
we're playing a lot of the music you know when Orange Launch Radio back when we were
a station on live 365 we would play music from DDR and like of just a variety of the
other music based games and some of the dance mania CDs that inspired the music song list
in DDR and so forth. Yeah so of all things okay I've been a little bit on a dirty shore
fanatic so I've been fist pumping throughout the whole breaks. Wow. I don't think I've
ever heard anyone say that about this program there's a first for everything. Hey by the
way um actually just um thinking of systems that regret not buying systems that do regret
buying um somehow I regret not buying a Sega Dreamcast myself because and actually you
know what I also had a second system I regret not buying because I had to kick ass fighting
game on it was um the N64 which it had killer instinct and the controller itself the standard
controller was perfect for fighting games especially if you're in the Street Fighter
because you had the six buttons you had the A, B and then the little yellow buttons the
C buttons or whatever they were called something like that was perfect for Street Fighter.
I have to admit I got used to Street Fighter on a Super Nintendo controller like the whole
fact that some of the like punches and kicks were shoulder buttons like totally didn't
bother me like I just I was able to get used to it. Did you ever remember the Capcom controller
that they came out for the Super Nintendo? Oh no and I thought that was on the Genesis
was the special like six button. They did it in Japan. Oh really huh. The six button
controller where you held a part of it in your hand and you played with the top of your
fingers and it was it was kind of uncomfortable. Yeah it sounds it. And on top of that a game
I regret not buying but I've actually got to play well I now finally got to buy and
own is um full caliber Dreamcast. Good stuff. I wish I had GoldenEye too because yeah I
mean occasionally my friend would bring it over to the daycare occasionally and he'd
be over send 64 and we'd all just sit down four player multiplayer it was just epicness
and you know I never owned it it was just like god now I wish I could plop some money
down on that. And now the thing about it um a game that I do regret buying wow it would
have to be DDR Disney Channel edition. You must have been a real DDR completionist to
get that. Yeah yeah. It's a no it's another DDR worthy of the whole um bumper old bumper
from Step Squad 3. This DDR sucks. It ain't a solo. Actually solo was actually pretty
good. Um and solo was awesome that was some of the best music they had in DDR ever especially
solo 2000 was amazing. Just saying. Yeah I think my arcade had the solo 2000 but stupid
idiots trade for pump it up. Not even the same. I want to back up real quick because
you were talking about like the Dreamcast and missing out on that and everything which
was the same thing I said for the system that um I kind of regret not buying but then I
also think about it and it's like you know at that time in my life there was no way I
could have paid that type of money for that system you know I was barely out of college
there and I didn't really have a job I mean I sort of worked temp jobs in the summer and
so forth. There is no way I would have been able to afford one so I regret not being able
to afford it I guess but I you know I couldn't buy it. I guess I can't say I don't regret
not buying one because I was able to buy you know food and you know other things but. Sorry
Scott.
Actually I'm contrary to the whole Dreamcast thing um the babysitter my mom sent me to
a bunch of times he had like a bunch of systems to play and like six or seven arcade games
like in Mortal Kombat 2, Asteroids, Snow Bros.
Whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa wait wait wait wait wait how old were you when you were going
to the babysitter?
I was I was like six.
The Manny?
Seven.
Okay you they were letting you play Mortal Kombat 2 at six years old?
Yeah and Mortal Kombat he had he had Final Doom on the PlayStation I played that a lot
actually when one of his friends would come over we'd link up the two Playstations to
play uh four player Final Doom and once again FPS epicness which that's why I ended up buying
um what was it I ended up buying Doom on Xbox Live and Soul Calibur.
Am I the only one that's like what's wrong with this picture why is the six-year-old
being allowed to play Mortal Kombat 2 and Doom when he's with the Manny like I don't
get that.
Hey but but the cool thing was like not only that did I play it in his house but on the
occasions I'd go over to the mall and then my mom like she was searching for me so she
knew I was in the arcade section of the mall at the time and this is the same mall that
won't fix the ITG machine it's still down which sucks um but at the time they had a
Mortal Kombat 4 arcade machine and I would play that constantly because it was only one
token to play.
And how old were you eight?
I was 10 and actually the first game I ever got wow actually the first game system I ever
got was a Game Boy a Game Boy Pocket first two games I got one with a combo game cartridge
Mortal Kombat 1 and 2 and then the other was Star Wars The Empire Strikes Back which which
I loved the cantina song that would play whenever the characters were bringing up dialogue.
And those games those games didn't screw you up as a kid like you're fine now you have
a good sense of reality you're you're stable mentally and all that good stuff.
Not pretty much like my mom was like nah nah nah it's cute violence blah blah blah it
will make you go crazy I'm like really and I bought GTA Liberty City Stories behind her
back on Amazon for a PSP hacking point because it was used to get the hen to activate but
it ended up not working as well as I thought the hack would work but I just had fun with
that and just she never knew about it.
Have you told your mom recently about all these things you were playing behind her back?
When you were growing up?
You kind of figured out after a while what I was playing but she didn't care by the time
I was she was like you know as long as here's the good thing I didn't become that stupid
Virginia Tech shooter or the Von Mar shooter which you probably might have heard about
yeah I've heard about them and and you know I didn't go out and shoot at the high school
I didn't go out with a sniper rifle and shoot a bunch of people if I felt like I wanted
to deck someone in the face I waited until I got home or got on the bus started up GTA
and started beating up random civilians in the game that's that was my anger management.
I like what hoofhearted says in chat saying my father didn't care that I played MK but
my mom got scared and said you're going to live with your auntie in Bel Air.
Alright Blaze I gotta let you go so we can try and get some more calls and do more marathon
but thank you for that one last thing.
Yes um okay basically the PSP in and of itself is almost like a Super Nintendo controller
in and of itself with a screen this was an analog stick yes and Alpha 3 Max plays fine
and I go between that and Street Fighter 4 and I'm looking to get in the Evo tournament
one day it'd be Daigo well good luck to you alright alright have a good rockin show we
will we'll try later thanks for being a part of the marathon that's kind of a marathon
phone call here in the Orange Lounge Radio marathon we can probably do one or two more
big calls whatever I got nothing else to do let's see um I'm trying to look in our chat
room chat.orangeloungeradio.com which is still pretty full here um let's see what was the
question oh uh Beta CNCRA was asking why is the show only on Sundays why can't it be on
every day?
We have this thing called lives yeah that and uh a job and this this show doesn't pay
us anything in fact we actually pay to do this show uh it's you know although we don't
pay very much anymore we don't have to pay for a feed anymore the fine folks at All Games
Radio help subsidize that so uh but uh wait till you know I could show you the bill for
our mixing board yeah hi you're on Orange Lounge Radio who's this yeah hello there good
evening uh if that's sweet who's been with you all this time good morning to you my friend
so gosh when we started it was probably what like midnight where you are no it was what
was it if I remember no no no it was like 11 o'clock or something well that's not too
bad we've been going for seven hours now so just seven and a half oh my god seven and
a half hours so do the math oh whatever all right but um what was I gonna say well um
yeah um Mass Effect is uh kind of interesting almost in that sense that well finally DLC
for that game will will uh show up oh for yeah because that's right Mass Effect Mass
Effect 2 right has it had a lot of download content come out DLC that you actually want
to buy because it well because that backstory with a shadow broker is like winner huh really
nice or yeah but here and uh I and I already have actually read the comic for it uh the
Mass Effect Redemption Mass Effect Redemption comic what do you think which takes place
actually around that before Mass Effect around that time when um well or when it takes place
like before Mass Effect 2 let me ask you about this even though it's totally not to get it
not the part that you wanted to call in talk about but there was a rumor last week on the
show about um that I guess Matthew Fox from Lost had been cast to be the dude in a Mass
Effect movie what do you think about the possibility of a Mass Effect movie Mass Effect movie would
be kind of nice in some way but well how but my problem though is that my Shepard is not
male she's female Shepard is female points Shepard can be whoever you want them to be
that is true that is true you know um completely not what you were asking but um I only play
female characters in Warcraft because people treat you better well so do I well yeah even
though the uh the ironic thing about that front is that well um I didn't get to max
level at um I did I didn't get to max level that soon actually because I like every time
I didn't hit max level but then I think I did at some point anyway yeah because I mostly
played female characters too and what happens well I roll a troll male and I and I hit max
level it's funny the characters you will get most invested in out of everything else I
gotta read this comment from chat real quick uh DDR dollar says uh in our chat room this
caller reminds me of when I was younger and said the avatar from Ultima was female you
know yeah when I played Ultima quest for the avatar on the um NES usually like half half
of the different class types you could get were females and I think usually the one I
would opt to play is like the druid I think or the shepherdess and both were female so
you know I I totally get that reference DDR dollars saying so just kind of funny it wasn't
that I was in that case it was pre-assigned if you want to be the fighter it was the male
if you want to be and in Ultima 3 was the same way like the paladin in Ultima 3 was
female she had a little heart for the shield which was just very precious see a little
it's cute adorable anyhow so um unfortunately I can't think of any system that I regret
buying in some way because I don't get any of my system buys unfortunately what about
a game I might regret is that I smashed a uh smashed two game boys oh my gosh oh my
gosh I really and one of them was play and I actually know they know the two uh and the
two games that I did buy whatever did play well first of it was that I smashed my original
game boy while while I was playing Kirby's pinball land that game was awesome some the
other time was uh when I was uh I smashed my other gameboy pocket playing uh warrior
land for some strange reason those Nintendo pinball games were so freaking good though
like uh the pokemon pinball was so awesome I used to play that on it I don't think I
would have broke a gameboy over it but you know uh oh but here's the other thing though
I have uh oh but here's the other thing though I was uh much younger at that time because
I was like 12 or something when I smashed my first gameboy or something I think and
you've had anger management classes since then no I haven't and well and well what is
it and uh and usually I don't break stuff the only thing that I've managed to break
was uh oh I heard managed to break was uh and then he cut out I think we lost the connection
there that's a bummer I hope we didn't lose the whole damn internet again okay good no
it's still strongly disconnected and I see the chat room going there so we're good well
unfortunately we lost hockey ripper but uh anger management I want to talk about this
actually let's talk about your most like angry video game moment that just made you like
you you wanted to break shit or something like that angry video game moment Alan it
looks like you're you're thinking of something Mike Tyson's punch out um the guy in the turban
that span around and he had the little gem on his turban that sparkle when he was gonna
do his move tiger something yes him he brought me to tears did you actually cried I cried
so much over that guy that's awesome I couldn't beat him and it just I cried would you would
you actually do the whole like crying into your pillow thing where you like you throw
the controller down and jump on your bed and go no it was more it was far more heart wrenching
and really I was can you describe I was utterly defeated as a person my nine ten year old
self just had like these bitter tears of several people in chat thank you great tiger was his
name you've you've clearly tried to block that from your mind great tiger made you cry
yeah I want to like make you like a little like t-shirt or something like with this picture
on a great tiger made me cry and here's the thing I actually got up to Mike Tyson in that
game and I never actually beat it because he was impossible but yet I was like this
is I was like this is just stupid how hard this is so then I just stopped playing to
Mike Tyson but did that one boss I just cried I think I've thrown controllers like power
outages have made me thrown controllers which is very frustrating I can't think of like
any boss fights or anything that have really driven me to that or or cry I didn't get a
drop in Wow the other day and that no I'm kidding I'm kidding I'm not that bad I'll
do the Huffy stomp I'll do the yeah you roll like in 95 and then someone else that happened
that fucking shit happened last week I knew it and you were like no it's okay and like
you type to chat you're like oh it's okay congratulations I'm glad you want it but I'm
like he's fucking sitting there fucking throwing a fit like these probably like pillows are
getting thrown in his place right now god damn it why do we even fucking do these rooms
I hope that drop was worth it when I push you down the stairs next time I see you anger
management dark soccer any any moment in gaming where you've just gotten so angry you wanted
to break something playing Dan and x-men versus Street Fighter I just wanted to take the controller
and embed it firmly into his skull because see Dan back in the day and he's still like
this to a degree but not nearly as bad as it used to be Dan likes to gloat and likes
to be alpha male you know big junk you don't say and back in the day he had that problem
even more and so he would kick my ass soundly until I would play cami and gambit and he
would just haha haha you know he was Nelson but he would be really dickly about it and
finally I'm like I'm just gonna beat you with this controller I beat Alan with my shoe last
night how was it Alan I'll tell you was it hot let me tell you about this in a minute
actually uh because we have a call story we have a seriously who uses a shoe all right
uh caller you're on the air hi who's this I haven't derailed you guys just derailed
me with the talk about their shoe this is the like third time you've called in tonight
but that's okay what's on your mind yeah you must be tired of me calling all the damn time
it's all right it's all good what's on your mind I guess I have an interesting Xbox Live
story which in turn I end up getting two months free service out of them okay how'd this work
well I always buy the cards to reload my subscription it's a rarity that I actually log in with
my credit card give my information to rip me for a month or two now the last time this
happened they start automatically debiting my card I'm like no don't do that and I set
it to make sure that it would not do that so what I had so you know I figured I'd go
back to the card you know refill one month or two they had like that one dollar special
so I'm like you know what I'm going to sign up for that so I signed up for about two months
of service and then I went out and got another card they get an email from saying that they
were unable to bill my card because the card was invalid so I shrugged it off like no big
deal you would think that they would see it in the system I automatically re-upped my
account for another year every two three weeks I would get an email about that then one week
in July I figured I'd jump on fire something on Netflix I go in and it says that my account
is back to silver and I'm like what the hell is going on I call them up asking them why
did they cancel my account and they said I did not pay for it and I'm explaining to them
if you see in the system I purchased a one year card so that makes no sense so here I
am screaming at the poor guy in India who in turn is like the best thing is to get you
a supervisor I'm like yeah put him on I'm explaining the whole situation he's like my
hands are tied there's nothing I can do at that point I just drop a nuclear bomb because
I'm just beyond aggravated about all of this and he goes what what we can do to have a
manager call you back within 48 hours fine here's my number call mecca 48 hours nope
nothing absolutely nothing so I go online wait wait wait I'm missing okay they were
set up to charge you automatically no I canceled that okay you canceled that but they tried
to do it anyway yes and then you use prepaid cards yes and what were they doing were they
adding it to the time in the past that you hadn't paid for where you were like I don't
want to use this or I don't I'm still lost right now what it was doing the card was supposed
to kick in after I paid for one month which was in April okay so my lie was supposed to
go from May 2010 to May I guess May 2011 April 2011 okay but I kept getting the email saying
that they were not able to build my car for my account and yet I it's it's listed that
I already have a year with them oh so for some reason they're still trying to charge
your card even though you put the prepaid one on right now I get it okay so the manager
manager never called me back so I go on to the consumerist find like contacts from Microsoft
I sent emails to Steve Ballmer and somebody else in charge at Microsoft with Xbox live
nice within two days I get a call from the manager I explained everything he profuse
he apologizes and goes into the system it seems that on the supervisor's end they don't
have access to billing that's crazy like what's the point then you think there ought to be
somebody that can fix it you know it's just weird yeah very I'm like I'm yelling at the
guy log into your system and fix it oh we don't have access to that how do you not have
access to you know uh gold anthro in our chat room at chat dot orange laundry dot com says
it's because of shit like this that I'm just gonna stick to prepaid cards now I don't blame
him but you know damn it a dollar for a month is a good deal you can't beat that that is
that is a very good deal all right Rama anything else you wanna say real quick cuz we're gonna
get back to angry games and beating with shoes and stuff in a minute long story short the
guy contacts me back he canceled my my gold sends me a new code so now I'm good from July
to like June of 2011 so I end up getting like two extra months out of the deal must be nice
yeah so in the moral of the story is yelling at the supervisor fixes the trick every time
I'm kidding I'm kidding don't I used to work in a call center please don't sometimes they're
I know don't yell at them if they can't help you find me I'll give you an email address
to somebody to take care of it for you yeah exactly all right all right Rama I'm gonna
let you go for real have a good one okay buddy okay good I need more vodka all right good
luck have fun all right where were we oh yes beating with shoes and Alan's like I want
to tell this story yeah so Rob does not parallel park he doesn't in San Francisco near where
I live parking is more precious than platinum or gold so if you see a space especially if
it's a rock star space right in front of where you're going you park in it but you know if
you're used to parking lots and you can't parallel park you just say fuck that and you
keep going so whenever Rob under extreme duress has to parallel park I will basically tease
the hell out of him for it because he usually will not try and last night when we were going
to his rocky horror performance there were basically three blocks of parallel parking
without cars so he just had to like drive in and sort of scoot his car up to the edge
and I was like I don't know are you sure you can handle it it's parallel parking so he
takes his shoe off and starts whapping me with it no no it was I said I if you better
be quieter I'm gonna beat you in my shoe and then I think I like hit the curb with parking
yeah see and then finally he stops the car he's like oh wait how far away from the curb
am I and I'm like there's no one here like my original making fun of you still stands
and then he took his shoe off and he hit me with it well you deserved it yeah you know
I'm not I'm not one to advocate domestic violence but you know so yeah he gives me stink eye
for making fun of his parallel parking and then he you know stops the car and we're like
five feet away from the curb with no cars he didn't have to wiggle wiggle in at all
no not at all yeah good times yeah I agree with brake man in our chat room fuck parallel
parking I agree with that and misty says fuck driving that's your that's your attitude that's
where I'm at yeah what is it about driving that you're just you're just not gonna do
it the expense in you know car payment gas insurance someone gets drunk and hit you you're
dead you know it's just it's awful but it's really nice like being able to go wherever
you want whenever you want like that's really you don't have to rely on really anyone else
just saying I had the internet at home I don't have to go anywhere what about food Amazon
will ship it what about if it's like oh my god I need some pink berry right now or I'm
gonna like kill somebody I went there I heard they played Abba mm-hmm amazing I had the
chocolate with the the hazelnut crunch stuff on it and I wanted to die it was good I've
been telling you it's amazing I love the way that place is designed it's cute very cute
little place sorry to derail that's okay misty and chat says it's a combo of the expense
the idiots on the road and my fail attention span long drives can be tough like sometimes
I'm like oh I want to take like a really long drive like I'm gonna go drive across country
or I'll drive like I'll do something crazy like go drive to Kansas and visit Shane is
like halfway across the country or I'll drive up to Canada like Vancouver or something and
then I'm like oh god that would be so grueling though like at the drive there is not usually
the bad part it's the drive home like our Portland trip right yeah I thought we were
making well we were making really good time we got through Oregon I was like this is great
you know this isn't bothering me at all they don't then once we got into Reading California
and realized there were still what three four hours after the drive wanted to die get me
out of this car it's tough I think dark soccer has done a similar drive right haven't you
driven all the way up to southern Washington we right we drove to Prosser Washington pretty
much just as far I think last year we did the drive drive drive up there is great well
Dan drove I slept and he would stop me on the way back for snow talking more about angry
games I didn't ask Bradley this question yet I gotta see I cuz Bradley's one of those very
quiet like if you can't tell he's very quiet very shy does it does not get angry I gotta
ask him if he's ever gotten angry he's like I'm gonna kill this bitch wait hold on hold
on I gotta say this chat comment real quick though xlink in our chat room talking about
angry stuff I got upset when a certain member of my guild had won the role for the battered
hilt twice and then decided to give one of them to his boyfriend that likes to beat him
with his shoe yeah I love that that's your response yeah yeah that was me all right
Bradley yeah well I do get very angry at games sometimes I can't remember like any specific
really really big incidents I know throwing controllers all the time I was a kid good
thing about Genesis controllers is they're there you can always fix them pretty much
like Saturn controller there that I think that the round controller that wasn't Saturn
was it and there's one of them has the the shoulder button has like a magnet if you hit
it wrong it'll detach the magnet and you can't if you can't because it works with a magnet
somehow and so if it's not attached in the right place it won't work so that for that
and then I know last week when I was playing burnout revenge anytime was I screwing up
a bunch out yeah that would go screaming going oh fuck you god damn it it's so funny how
Nintendo like puts out this like very family-friendly system you know and it's like oh you know
oh we have to use friend codes so that children don't hear naughty language and did it up
but I remember back in the day in college playing Super Mario Kart in the dorms and
we would say the filthiest shit while playing that game like you know talking about each
other our mothers you know the sex stuff and just all this stuff while playing you know
Mario Kart it got ugly very ugly but it's not my fault I whoop them all with toad because
he's the best yes those are cars you will drive go-karts right in faith would you would
you drive like a real go-kart I'm 6'5 can I fit in when we go to Disneyland will you
ride Autotopia sure oh my god then I could take a picture of you driving and be all like
he is great and be all like hell froze over lol yeah you're like this isn't funny I want
to change the topic let's see break man in chat says long drives are fine as long as
your wife or girlfriend sleeps lol well my girlfriend just keeps telling me how bad of
a driver I am bitch I know I'm a bad driver close your eyes you won't notice nice oh hey
the phone's ringing why don't we answer it hi you're on orange launch radio who's this
hey what's on your mind to say oh um actually uh I was hoping to talk about infamous too
well okay what's up what do you think of infamous to tell us a little bit about it for those
that don't know what infamous is all about uh well I haven't actually played the game
so I don't really know a whole lot about the story but uh apparently um some world ending
between a warbird disaster strikes and hero appears by the name of coal and he has electrical
powers now what I want to talk about the second one is um how are they going to integrate
the uh um ice abilities into the uh gameplay mechanics because from what I played on the
um um sorry from what I played on the demo for the first one um everything just kind
of melded together for the electrical abilities so I'm just wondering how that would work
unfortunately it's not a series I'm on the up and up on Loki's kind of the expert about
those and he's not here so uh I don't know is infamous a series you've read up on at
all Alan Jamie anybody I don't know much about this I bought it but I haven't played it oh
really well at least somebody has used it series infamous oh um no we're so informed
here at orange lounge radio that's awesome well we don't have time to play everything
I'm sorry so we can't play anything right now because Dan's playing the game that shan't
that shan't be named I know they've been playing that all night I was thinking about playing
sims as long as we have been doing this marathon they have been playing the game we can't name
what again shall not be named what you can't name it like if we could tell you that we
would name it but it's the game that shall not be named it's violent yes is there a reason
why it's uh because it's not out yet Beyonce wrote a song about it and now she owns the
copyright oh okay he's playing imagine single lady yes all right all right we're gonna let
you go and say oh I'm sorry we couldn't really um answer your question we fail but um hey
let us know about the game when you uh actually pick it up all right all right good luck buddy
at least I got to make a Beyonce joke on that call all right uh oh uh let's see um some
folks in chat are like can I come over I didn't wait I didn't tell you what we were playing
I don't know nothing I don't know nothing you savages you guys it's been about an hour
you guys want to take a quick break here take a stretch I want to get more water okay we're
gonna take a potty stretch break come back uh we got some more topics we got through
facebook twitter topics galore we still have to do rob you you have to do the theme what
theme the pala pala parapara oh I didn't have time to set it up I'm sorry I forgot
I've just put everything on shuffle so maybe you'll get the I know you like this song we'll
do it we'll do this song okay you'll like this and so uh we'll be back with more of
the orange launch radio marathon as we enter into hour eight in just a moment we'll be
back with more of the orange launch radio marathon your tweets so forth and so on
welcome back everybody to orange lounge radio on this sunday evening it is episode number
380 of our show a very long episode of that september the 5th 2010 where we are entering
hour 8 of our marathon we started at 2 and it's now 10 can't believe it all right and
it probably doesn't turn out that long in the podcast because we have been taking musical
breaks which some people might consider cheating but you know what we got to go to the bathroom
at some point we got to eat we got to you know just get up and stretch this room gets
kind of stuffy too so you know that's just how it works if you don't like it too bad
the show's free for god's sake stop complaining about free things you suck all right i should
say though um if you want to support free things you can always like leave us a nice
review on itunes or tell a couple people about the show you know that's what we always ask
just tell some friends and all that good stuff that's all we want all right um chat's asking
about chat fus can we do some chat if use are we gonna read some of those sure um go
ahead and send them and i'll read them in about 30 minutes sound good okay so send in
your uh fus over private message to dark sakura and she'll do chat fus and that's a first
for the podcast feed we don't have to do those in the podcast feed but just for you guys
because we love you we'll do them tonight how's that sound works for me all right awesome
meanwhile twitter we uh we never got around to uh doing the tweets that were sent us in
the last uh segment because i asked for some tweets and we got on tangents talking about
angry games and and the callers that we had and all that good stuff so uh i'm gonna try
to get to some tweets but i don't have the twitter music i can't do tweets without the
twitter music oh my gosh it's all i ruined everything we have to stop the marathon it's
done nose i'm kidding yeah when you were out getting pizza i deleted all of the native
olr music files they're gone you jerk all right i found it phew we love our twitter
oh uh to care a saying uh how is the final fantasy 14 beta isn't it just a prettier ff11
yeah pretty much it's ff11 with different combat and this whole guild left thing that
makes no sense to me whatsoever the biggest problem with final fantasy 11 is that it doesn't
hand hold you at all and like i i agree some games overdo it with the hand holding but
what was the most frustrating thing about final fantasy 11 the fact that it just plunked
you in the middle of a town and was like decay by the people yeah um so final fantasy 14
is it's the beta is really crowded i couldn't figure out what to do like i couldn't figure
out that there was like a whole nother map level i was supposed to go to and like activate
a switch like you would think the game would lead you through the first couple quests just
to kind of like give you a tutorial like you know about how the game works the interface
you know maybe it's because it's a beta not all of that's built in yet but i just the
beta left me feeling very frustrated and that's why i'm kind of laughing at all this like
closed betas or the open beta stuff going on is i'm like guys it's not worth your time
okay but hey it's a free game and at least you'll know if you can uh buy it when it comes
out or not but i honestly think the game is going to tank i think it's going to tank bad
especially for a final fantasy game like i think they're expecting it to do really well
it's not going to do nearly the business 13 did but we'll see um dj blaiskin said of several
tweets and usually i limit people to two tweets but hey it's the marathon why not so dj blaiskin
says what's cuter than a cat playing duck hunt nothing and sends us this uh tweet or
sorry an article via twitter and i actually did see this it's a video on youtube of a
kitty who's actually playing duck hunt and they start the game there and then the kid
this is terrible radio but i don't care and the cat see the cat's like scratching the
dog with her paws and oh i'm going for the next like attacking the ducks even though
they fly off screen it's adorable tell me that's not adorable it's adorable cats are
so damn cute uh let's see dj blaiskin says don't bother watching football this season
madden 11 already picked all the winners and lead us to a news story about how i guess
uh all the winners are already uh it's been determined because you know there's all the
statistics in madden and everything um the ravens and packers will be the conference
winners so there it is so i just i lol super bowl spoilers i think the football star that
actually is on the cover of madden has the madden curse so like if you're the guy who's
on the box the box art they have a horrible season after the game comes out i think that's
like a thing i don't know i don't follow it is i've heard that i've heard the same thing
they always get injured or something happens yeah who was on the cover this year i wasn't
paying attention was it brett farve people like him tiger woods david beckham that's
football right yes that's right it's david beckham it is all right um let's see dj blaiskin
sent us a story that we talked about in the very first hour of the marathon so i'm just
gonna assume you didn't hear it about microsoft raising the price of xbox live gold we'll
just pretend i didn't get that tweet um apparently super scribble knots is um there there's an
announcement about super scribble knots or whatever i don't know uh redertainment is
linking us to this story on twitter at mega 64 i guess they're excited because they're
in the game i don't they're actually in the game i guess good for them i don't whoopty
shit i mean whatever i got it i met them once at e3 a couple of them i don't know who it
was that i met because i had no idea who they were and they were really offended that i
didn't know who they were like we didn't know who they were and they were like offended
and i'm like get over yourself like you have some lulzy video game blog on the internet
like oh my god your dick is so powerful you know it's like god do you know who i am no
i don't expect people to know who i am but yay to them getting in a game i guess whatever
i guess now i i won't be able to get away from it i'll have to know who they are it
was i don't know if i should say this because this is get back to i won't i won't go into
it any further allegedly uh all right the word allegedly will always say oh come on
this is an alleged story it's all allegedly i allegedly it was a large man with glasses
that's all i'm going to say all right but i think that's all of them isn't it like i
think i think in that video they were all large men with glasses weren't they i don't
think that tells you anything large men in it and software development you've really
yeah i know i know like a unicorn all right but yay for super scribble knots i think that's
great i uh sony is going to be rolling out a rival to uh itunes apparently didn't loki
bring this up earlier in the show i think he did yeah it's getting to that point in
the marathon where we're not sure if we've talked about things already or not so we're
kind of like talking about him again but uh yeah apparently sony is going to be uh doing
a competitor to itunes and i really want to say loki talked about that earlier in the
show but hey we'll we'll just mention that we have a shout out just for you entertainment
shout out whoo all right uh let's see moving on dark tetsuya says i know this is a more
local question but will the golf land slash dave and buster meetup still happen sometime
soon they've been happening yeah um well there wasn't one this past week well no because
dan and i were saving money and time for our anniversary but they've they've been happening
history will repeat itself that's it yes it'll happen again of course um let's see uh jeju
go on chat says uh how much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood possible
impromptu listless question mark we do need to do a listless at some point before the
marathon's over so the next break we write up stuff yeah we'll we'll write that in a
match game during the next break and then we'll have something to play for real so that'll
be cool uh let's see a mae satsuma says what kind of pre-order bonus do you want to see
in duke nukem forever i want to see a duke nukem forever urinal cake i think that would
be uh quite quite classy don't you think that would be very classy i know i think it's classy
anybody here in studio what kind of pre-order bonus do you want to see for duke nukem forever
how about duke nukem forever pasties for your stripper friends that'd be good right be good
anybody i want the stripper pole you want the stripper pole i want the pole and a gun
huh alan anything i don't know
nice all right uh let's see other tweets at olr breakman says uh on twitter what are the
olr drinking games what are the rules can the chatters play together i use any excuse
yeah drink anytime one of us says um you'll be floored in like a minute no uh oopsie drink
uh i think there is a drinking game compiled on the orange lounge radio wiki which is orange
lounge radio dot wikia.com i want to say there is a drinking game compiled there so then
it combines some stuff with under sedation live um if you listen to that show although
i don't know i i'm looking at twitter and there's a tweet from travis earlier uh six
hours ago so that was during the main show actually heard something on olr that made
me angry and dislike the show and that is something that never happened before
okay he's so theatrical like i love travis but just say what it is or when i mean i don't
know what else to say sorry travis sorry we ruffled your feathers all right anyhow that's
it for twitter twitter.com slash olr if you want to send us some tweets that would be
fun now what what are we talking about now oh chat fus we have chat fus just about sufficient
chat angst what do you mean just about either you do or you don't you do all right good
all right let's uh get to the angsty music and we'll do some chat fus right now
first one comes from tolegak fu to being east coast ps thanks for the amazing show aw ronma
massive fu to pepsi colt what stop drinkle holding pepsi throwback even though it's in
limited edition it's still hard to find add to snatch the last 12 pack of throwback out
of someone's cart step it up pepsi dude it's everywhere here really wyland fu to this ear
infection and the hearing loss that's gone with it oh and fu to that one guy with the
one guy that did that stuff back then at that place dark tetsuya fuck having to wake up
early to fly home tomorrow poor baby break man my fu fu to five day work weeks fu to
faux holidays okay you know in some places they work six days a week dark circuitry fu
to annoying little fucking kids who jump up on the 2p pad while you're playing a particularly
difficult doubles chart in insert dance game of choice here thereby either ruining your
score distracting you or causing you to fall out entirely poor baby ddr dollar fu on two
parts one for simone irc who actually has my name i'm fucking original dammit okay and
two for the call of duty black ops developers who are trying to get people like me to play
more multiplayer fuck that final fantasy 7 fu to the bad effects um hours later from
eating extremely hot slash spicy food feeling like you're giving birth to lava blows you
know what eat more crackers they'll help ray gold rush fu to this japanese textbook for
being confusing and hard to learn vocabulary and kanji kawaii sone alpha kenana gram fu
to me having to wait for next tuesday for 360 waaa poor baby waaa poor baby okay that's
really it oh that's it yeah i got a whole lot of them rob yeah there were there were
several in there good job good job chatters sufficient angst i like that that's good now
what i'm officially out of topics oh we have the facebook topics i never got around a lot
of these actually have already been done because i think some of you guys remembered them or
something all right we got some facebook topics earlier in the week we were collecting some
things to talk about during the show liam on facebook will start us off with this question
uh and of course our facebook page facebook.com slash orange lounge radio what is your favorite
video game of all time such a simple question that i don't know if it's been discussed here
on the show yet tonight guardian legend why you can't just say a name it's a chick that
turned into a plane and she shoots stuff and she fights giant eyeball creatures and tentacle
monsters and then the little the little freaking ball people from uh the adventure of lolo
are in it the end well said tgl bitches guardian legend bradley what is your favorite video
game of all time her um you can't pick two you're a cheater no okay fine you can pick
two maniac mansion okay why valkyrie profile because your mom i don't know don't give me
that look like i don't need a reason bitch like there's got to be something about the
game that you like right the art the music the story the unmatched combat no rpg is ever
really done what was the combat in valkyrie profile for those that don't know um it was
a weird hybrid of uh active time battle and um real time all right i had really insane
combos in it like street fighter why maniac mansion because it's iconic and it was the
first game that really brought um comedy into adventure gaming and it had a modern setting
as teenagers in present day whereas all adventure games up till then was like adventure or sci-fi
you know and they had the saturday morning show like later on didn't it when they're
like a saturday morning maniac mansion show or something i barely remember that i think
you're right though i'm almost positive there was did you actually play that through to
completion is it is it true you can beat it with every combination of characters or no
you can't can't do it with all of them there are hmm i know that there are two or three
characters that it's really preferred that you have at least one of them in there but
yeah i think you can beat it with all with any three wait here you go here you go look
at this blast in the past
this is live action yeah it was a live action show tv show oh my gosh i remember that it
was like almost like a drama the way the credits make it look like huh
let's see let me see if i can go oh it's created by eugene levee really let's see wait there's
a i think it ran for like three episodes before they pulled the plug on it
you can't underestimate these fly instincts you know jesus has to look at me with those
big baby blacks i can't fly for a minute if you know what i mean this is like a scene
out of twin peaks or something there she is this is creepy i don't like this all right
yeah this is upsetting is it ruining your memory of the show or is it ruining your memory
of the game is it making you like it has nothing to do with the game so all right yeah but
it said in the credits based on the lucas film game just so you know
you look like you're about to beat me with that microphone it's all right all right um
hey save it for when you get home my favorite video game oh promise my favorite video game
of all time and if you don't already know this you haven't been listening to the show
uh super metroid is my favorite video game of all time it was even mentioned during this
show it was bob grabbed my copy earlier in the show it's great i love it and yet i haven't
bought metroid other m because i am afraid it's terrible like i just i have been i've
heard from people it's great i've been hearing mixed things on it and i'm very worried and
i have to hook up my we to play it i don't want to look at the solution netflix what
or gamefly or whatever oh game i was like netflix you can get games to netflix too yeah
i could do the net or the netfly the gamefly thing but that would involve me again getting
the motivation to hook up the weed my tv and that means you know rob it takes 10 freaking
minutes not my house you've had a gamefly account since like march that's been rotting
yeah i don't i don't really ever use it it's kind of sad i don't know is it worth it should
i play metroid other m if i'm such a stand for super metroid chat vote yn let's see break
man says watch fng friday night gaming or effing live it's it's effing live uh bobby's
gonna show metroid other m i do i maybe i'll check that out we'll see i might all right
um we'll see uh bradley times up do you think of something i think i'd probably go with
a panther dragoon saga it's a just a really epic game and so one one game when the first
time i saw the battle system i got whoa that's awesome just because it's just a different
system and seeing that you fly upside you're flying right next to the enemies that you're
fighting it's like well this is really really really neat because you're flying around them
in a circle uh and then you and then you attack based on that yeah so and then just a really
cool storyline that and lots like uh lots of things to explore and uh neat things never
played it sadly i think i've played all the other games that have been mentioned but i've
never played that for some sick reason i'm just not cool yeah well it was only a limited
edition and all that kind of stuff it's definitely worth applying i wanted to say that only 6,000
copies were printed in the us when it came out something like wow no wonder it's so expensive
let's see some folks in chat about uh metroid other m yes yes yes why why but then i got
a private message that says it sucks so maybe the people who think it sucks don't want to
speak up frisbee says at least try it oh there's me glatov saying no uh hey we got last minute
if you rama says someone gets guys some caffeine stat and break man says fuck caffeine get
him some more booze and a cot is there caffeine in that it's real dark pepsi you can yay i
got the last one so you can have it all right which i feel um from marissa f you to not
sing robin jamie heart heart heart need to visit from from marissa tell her about tron
she wasn't listening earlier you can have it you're giving it to me i am you're a nice
lady i know thank you i'm gonna have more beer um did you want some pepsi good because
i wasn't gonna give it to you all right um yeah we're we're planning on going to see
tron at disneyland when it opens up so then you might cut out and then hit hit hit to
people who work at disneyland let us in um but no um we're planning on going to see tron
and go to the big tron party and then go have ourselves digitized so we can live in tron
world and then go play the tron level in kingdom hearts 2 and then then we might find a life
play that music what music didn't i give you the tron music from oh because i have it just
right here sitting in front of me oh fine i'm gonna email to you i just i just happen
to have it oh yeah right here jamie it's on the desktop i have it saved just for circumstances
like this when jamie's gonna shout randomly rob don't make me break out the vuvuzela don't
you have that freaking um whatever i just don't want this almost nine hours into the
broadcast and tensions are finally that's right tensions are finally flaring i will
vote you off this island i will shove that vuvuzela so far up your ass all right ah stop
stop fucker there i just got a text message from my friend nathan maybe it was a mistake
to post about this on facebook because i think some of my real life friends suddenly tune
out i post on my facebook i'm on hour eight of my radio show please help no but nathan
sent me a text saying if you run out of stuff to talk about there is always the dnd campaign
i ran with you as the sassy black lady what's so funny we had fun well i can just imagine
you playing the sassy black lady why what why is that oh you know because i've heard
you do impressions of people and i could totally see you doing the sassy black lady you did
pull off a good jewish mother once yes i know it was just like rob why aren't you picking
up your phone you need to call your mother see he does it really well all right did you
cast like oh hell no and it has like a one day pull down where you use it on like an
auric and you couldn't cast it again for another day sorry yeah something like that well you
know no it's just like you know what's up all these freaking elves and dwarf people
up in here like you know we need some need to represent so good times let's see silent
nathan says he was the best new player i've ever had i was awesome okay this is the time
i've told you about the x right the one that just ruined everything like like no matter
where you take him he'd ruin it well for some reason i invited him to play dnd with us and
he was also a new but this whole thing and man he just ruined it like you know he'd be
like you know you know oh i want to i want to cast a spell oh it's in the book i want
to cast a spell in the book
he's like that i want to show my titties how do i show my how do i show my titties
roll a d100 i'm not lying i'm not lying he was like that allegedly he's like this okay
rob i'm sending you something and you need to read the email on the air why i just sent
it to you okay to my personal email okay i want to roll a cleric okay what's its name
he was a cleric because he thought he was a priest and wow so he wanted to be a priest
in in uh whatever pull up pull up the satan's game satan's game on youtube okay dungeons
and dragons satan's game because you brought that up and it'll give us time for you to
check your email okay i've got like a million things i'm trying to do don't maybe a hundred
thousand but i'm why i told nathan to call in and talk about dnt but he doesn't want
to know all right uh i guess because it's full do it all right wait hold on um it's
satan's game yeah okay should be dungeons and dragons there's a dragon satan's game
yeah there you go okay
i don't think that's it like it or not that's it that's it okay i've heard this before yeah
this is a classic so go ahead and play that and then you can look at your mail dungeons
and dragons satan's game your children like it or not are attracted in their weaker years
to the occult and a game like dnd fuels their imagination and makes them feel special while
drawing them deeper and deeper into the bowels of el diablo this afternoon the dead ale wives
watchtower invites you to sit in on an actual gaming session observe the previously unobservable
as a hidden camera takes you to the inner sanctum of dungeons and dragons
golf staff you have entered the door to the north you are now by yourself
let's take the extra music yeah that's not right
don't look at it it'll be right there it was right there that's it i don't want to hear
the opening again as a hidden camera takes you to the inner sanctum of dungeons and dragons
golf staff you have entered the door to the north you are now by yourself standing in a dark room
the pungent stench of mildew emanates from the wet dungeon white and dark
mildew emanates from the wet dungeon walls they're right next to you i cast a spell
where's the mountain dew in the fridge duh i want to cast a spell i have a mountain dew
yes you can have a mountain dew just go get it i can cast any of these right on the list yes
any any of the first level ones i'm gonna get a soda anyone want one hey gram i'm not in the room
right what room i want to cast magic missile i just want to point out this is exactly this is
true this is all true that's the funny thing about this video and why you people are laughing at it
because if you've ever been to play dnd this is it yeah it really is like this are you a dnd player
alan no never have you never played dnd i bought the rule book the kit when i was in sixth or
seventh grade but i just read it i never actually had any friends to play getting a call getting
home hi you're on orange radio who's this this is silent nathan hey nathan how are you got any
cheetos you got any mountain dew hold on we'll get back to the funny in a minute but nathan
nathan started this whole stupid dnd conversation in the first place so you're you're you're a dnd
nerd right nathan yeah and you still play dnd right you are the dungeon master right okay
i'm the i'm the i'm the gatekeeper are you the key master no no he's a dungeon master and you're
you're the cavalier all right all right so you you wanted to talk about me playing dungeons
and dragons so what was it like to have me as your player in dungeons and dragons
you you do remember the orc panty seller right vaguely yes yes i do actually yes i do
you guys wanted to buy your fancy lingerie because all you
dudes and women's were playing women characters and they needed fancy lingerie
hey it's important this is fantastic keep going i want to hear more please
well did rob roll his charisma check the the normal go down kill rats in the basement they
had to fight undead chickens i right now i remember that quest i actually distinctly
that was like one of the first i think it was like the first or second night we ever played
we did the engine and dead chickens in the basement but i have to know did rob make his
charisma rolls did he save or fail all right stop let let the man talk dark soccer so um
are you guys playing dnd right now are you in a dnd thing right now
uh we were supposed to play yesterday but we couldn't oh i'm sorry to hear that i just i
hear a lot of commotion in the background so i was wondering if you were playing dnd right now
or what's going on or if you're in your own panty cellar i don't know i don't know i don't know
your own panty cellar i don't know so no that's uh panda lady's uh sister is here visiting oh
say hello tell tell what we said hello and send our love from olr um uh what was i gonna ask
princess or what i hear yes rice princess say hello and you know all that um what was i gonna
say about uh oh yes uh how was it having me in your game because alan really likes to hear
stories about how terrible my ex was so how was it having me in the game versus having my ex in
the game allegedly um it it took extra time he slowed things down you your very first quest you
were in a basement with shells and he decided that he wanted to climb these shelves to get a better
look at the surroundings of the basement and i can see that happening once but he tried it at least
three times one of which he rolled a natural one and knocked over the shelf which is just like real
life allegedly allegedly this is fantastic oh yeah he he he was interesting um he was special yes
but he's not here anymore that's the important thing right no he kept thinking that the cleric
was a priest and he kept trying to cast his wow spells in dnd cast smite smite no he's
he went i want the bubble a casa bubble i want casa bubble
nathan's laughing because he knows i'm telling the truth you're not exaggerating
good times good times well where where i sadly i'm not playing dnd with you guys anymore because
you know i i travel to the bay pretty much every weekend when you guys play but um what what kind
of adventures do you do in dnd now um right now they're not too ridiculous um but there was a big
asshole who everyone kind of hates who's the big hero of the town his name's larbio and he's
modeled after fabio only more sexual harassment involved does his hair have its own saving throw
hey what does his hair have its own saving throw
no but he did have commercials for a fancy type of butter it was i can't believe it's not butter
light and the thing about that was it glowed in the dark that's that's fantastic i i your game's
totally rock yeah i know all right um yeah i you know one of these days nathan i'm gonna have to
drop in and make a cameo if i could find my old character sheet although to be honest i think it's
long gone i think it's like in that box of like things that remind me of the x that got shredded
like you know when i left so sadly i don't know if i have it anymore but i'll have to make a cameo
at some point in your game it'll be fun every once in a while we've done some drunk dnd nights
we've done two of those yeah so far and uh eddie has actually come to those so and one time we
played the campaign module that the guys from penny arcade had made i was making fun of the
twilight movies very nice very nice so uh yeah you're more than welcome to stop by uh that would
be a perfect time because we don't do any big campaign it's just something stupid we get drunk
and laugh and i i will absolutely do that and i'll cast bubble can i cast bubble no no not not wow
and that's exactly how nathan would have to respond to like like trying to bite his tongue
like you could sense he just wants to jump over the table and be like you're fucking ruining my
fucking game you little shit like you just said no you can't you can't you can't do that this is
this is dnd you not wow it's not no no all right all right nathan thank you so much for calling in
and good luck with the dnd okay no problem you have a good time with the rest of your hour oh
we will take care buddy okay bye bye oh good times good times all right uh let's see here uh
you know shane wants us to call him so he's like i'm like call the show he's like i don't know the
number i'm like i only say it like five times over the course of an hour one eight seven seven seven
game olr how long has shane been my friend and he doesn't he like we met through this stupid show
he's been here i'm gonna call him for this inclination yell at him right now hello hi
shane how are you it's rob hello i'm good you're live on the radio except for sarah you playing
wow yeah yeah i would no no no it's i'm playing the beta i was fishing okay hold on i have to
ask you a question because this is really important okay how to answer it no oh you do how how did we
meet um live journal animal crossing i believe it was right but then you you were you started
listening to orange on radio back then right weren't you listening for a little bit yeah
yeah and uh how many years ago was that 15 about 15 years ago yeah because that's about how long
you're doing olr okay so you've been listening to olr on and off mostly off for 15 years and
you don't know the number to the freaking show to call in no i don't i don't pay attention
it's just words that come out of the radio i'm like okay if there's something that's interesting
i'll i'll pick it up but a phone number nah one eight seven seven game olr oh see i was good about
one eight six six and i think i got the other two things right and i was like wait that could be
wrong i might get like you know a porn line or something yeah it's eight seven seven just just
for the future just just so you know all right well um i'm calling you because you were telling
me about a bunch of cool stuff you saw this past week so where were you what was going on i don't
know what you can and can't say what where were you at what were you doing what's cool i was at
the game stop man just conference in awesome but not san antonio is there and what's awesome in
san antonio anyone the alamo all right did you go to the alamo no i'm not a tourist i don't care
about that stuff you think i don't even know what the alamo is because i think people died there
or something but can you say tortilla tortilla sorry just quoting one of my favorite movies of
all time uh anyhow so what was that showgirls no that's a different movie that was that was um
pewie's big adventure yes which with jan hooks were you where you can totally see the the fake
lights being pulled towards the the car thing oh i think they um played a clip of that at our
conference because it was like he was in a phone booth and somebody was asking where he was at and
then he like had all these people that were randomly walking by him they all said san antonio
or something because they were nice or i don't remember again i don't pay attention the stars at
night shine big and bright did you try doing that because if i ever go to texas again that's the
first thing i'm going to do especially if i go to visit travis i'm going to like make him take me
out somewhere in public and do that and then i'll say the stars at night shine big and see what
happens and hopefully it'll be just like that so i don't think it will if i end in like rape or
shooting am i hey dan how are you doing the first time i went to whoa that's loud the first time i
went to a manager's conference in texas that was exactly the first thing i did was it i called i
called mystique it was like hey i'm in texas listen i'll prove it and the people playing along it was
amazing nice well you i'm sorry you didn't get to go to the conference this year dan well i haven't
gone to a game stop conference for a while i'm messing i know i know yes i'm i'm sorry i did too
i was like uh all right so tell us i don't i don't know what you can or can't tell us about
the conference shane but tell us about your experience there at the conference
oh let's see well i'll start off with some highs uh the very first thing that we had to see were
broken the groups so we had to go to different vendors the very first thing we saw in my group
was a like a trailer of tons of different fatalities from the new moral combat game
and they were hilarious and any that you remember what any that you remember
oh yeah um there was one where reptile threw up in somebody's mouth like a whole bunch of acid
that was funny pick us up like that once actually there was one where sector like blew up somebody's
torso and like a few different pieces and as the pieces were flying at the air he locked onto each
individual piece and shot missiles at them so made them explode even more okay um there was one where
there was one where squirt can cut like i don't feel like right through the guy at the waistline
and he didn't fall over anything and then he cut the guy through the neck all the way through and
then he like kicked the torso so just the torso flew and then the head flew up and he took his
little knife and sliced the head in half i was like oh that's hilarious this is sounding like
a song what were the stage the stage ones did you see any of those no they didn't show any stage
ones but they did show um in the new uh acid pit place or old acid pit place i guess you would call
it um one of the background dudes that was hanging like you saw him get dipped into the acid he was
like screaming and freaking out and then they pulled him back up and he wasn't a skeleton he
was like this fleshy dead like dripping thing it was awesome that's fantastic rose was it like the
mortal kombat 2 um acid pit yeah yeah nice oh i want this game that that sounds hot they also
i don't know if this has come out yet but i don't care um because yeah they had tag team like uh
combo things like they do in like the marvel vs capcom game so you could be beating somebody up
and then tag in another partner and they'll jump right in oh wow yeah it was crazy cool that's
interesting so they stole that from uh marvel vs capcom it sounds like it's awesome yeah and i
don't know if any other games did it before but probably not um let's see what else was cool there
uh not a lot um no that was the coolest thing i think i saw which is kind of sad um i did get
to play Diablo 3 um i didn't know how to play it i tried to play it like wow and that got me killed
pretty quick and i was just like okay i'm done i give up it's cool i need to play it i understand
that i'm terrible at it and i won't buy it you're not gonna buy it diablo is awesome it's better
than i i like it better than starcraft i'm gonna get my i'm not buying for starcraft either but
if they give me a wild pet maybe and i'll get it well what have you been doing because i i know you
were able to get into the cata beta as well um what have you been doing in the cata beta um i
have played a warden up to 12 almost and then a goblin up to four because that's where the quest
is currently broken we can't proceed so the organs you know pretty cool the game doesn't feel like
wow i'll say that right now it does not feel like the same game we've been playing for so many years
um just going through the wargon and goblin experience but the wargons all depressing you
know we gotta save our home from these attacks oh my god we're gonna die and god was like
let me get some like bling glasses and i got running over people with my car and it's the best
love the goblin area so so much wasn't that the entire time wasn't that working quest with the
barrels uh on the abomination's heads like the best thing ever though i didn't know what to do
at first i was like i'm really close to this guy why am i not throwing the barrel no you have to
like get right up next to him but yeah that was pretty funny and i laughed at that stuff too it
was awesome um i'm gonna do a spoiler for the the wargon quest line uh you know whatever sure um
because it was there's a fun glitch that happened there's a part where you're fighting sylvanas
and uh like you're like the whole town is fighting sylvanas and she knocks you back and
she's about to shoot uh again graymane the leader of the wargon people uh with this poison arrow i
guess but instead his son jumps in front to take the arrow but when i played she was facing the
opposite direction so she shot like facing to the screen's left and the prince was right behind her
but it still killed and i was like that just ruins the mood interesting did you see the um part in
the wargon quest line where it's like we're gonna insert a movie here of you getting transformed
into a wargon or one of the characters says that i didn't see that part i just i just skipped over
it i think scroll back up a few times it's funny it's in the church yeah it's it's right and when
you transform when you go from the church to when you're in the gallows thing not to ruin it but
i did so oh yeah yeah i think there was one there but i didn't see anything on screen telling me
that something was going to happen i just i knew it was going to happen but no no yeah i don't
really care about my work immediately as much as i don't care about the goblin now because goblin is
so funny like the music is all like i don't know whimsical when you play it's a goblin and your
radio that goes only to uh 11. but yeah i like it it's it's not wow what we're used to but it's
it's neat it's the evolution of the game all right you haven't checked out any of the new areas yet
because that's what i'm waiting to do like i want my stupid character to copy over so i can check
out the new areas i i still can't get my character to copy over um i'm just i'm at dark shore now
i think that's why i'm at um so i'll get to see that area redone but no no character copying over
it's been keeping me a little sad no i was having the same problem what can you do all right well
uh if anyone here in the studio have questions for shane if not i'm gonna let him go and uh we're
gonna get back to our show sound good all right get back to our marathon marathoning all right
well any last thoughts for our listeners shane um yes uh you know like a month ago i wouldn't have
ever said this but i think i'm a huge microsoft down boy now why because of all the free stuff
they threw at us at conference and f you the sony and nintendo for not trying to win our affection
by giving us lots of free stuff so your loyalty can be bought yes so if i pay you like 20 you'll
wear like an orange lounge radio sticker to work uh i'll wear a sticker yeah like can i wear
stickers will you wear a shirt no i can't wear a shirt that says orange lounge tour fail um but
i'll pretend and i'll still take the twenty dollars that's all right we're letting you go
you're useless to me without being able to promote all right take care all right you too bye all
right thank you shane for being on appreciate the phone calls good times um let's see which
would i never played the rest of this um uh dungeons and dragons thing so should i finish
this even though like yes food is gone or start it over start it over why not all right why not
why dungeons and dragons satan's game your children like it or not are attracted in their
weaker years to the occult and a game like dnd fuels their imagination and makes them feel
special while drawing them deeper and deeper into the bowels of el diablo this afternoon the dead
ale wives watchtower invites you to sit in on an actual gaming session observe the previously
unobservable as a hidden camera takes you to the inner sanctum of dungeons and dragons
gallstaff you have entered the door to the north you are now by yourself standing in a dark room
the pungent stench of mildew emanates from the wet dungeon walls
where the cheetos they're right next to you i cast a spell where's the mountain dew
in the fridge duh i want to cast a spell i have a mountain dew yes you can have a mountain dew
just go get it i can cast any of these right on the list yes any any of the first level ones
i'm gonna get a soda anyone want one hey cram i'm not in the room right what room i want to cast
magic missile a room where he's casting all these spells from he hasn't cast anything yet i am though
if you'd listen i'm casting magic missile why are you casting magic missile there's nothing to attack
here i'm attacking the darkness fine fine you attack the darkness there's an elf in front of
you whoa that's me right he's wearing a a brown tunic and he has gray hair and blue eyes no i
don't i have gray eyes let me see that sheet well it says i have well it says i have blue but i
decided i wanted gray eyes whatever okay you guys can talk to each other now if you want
hello hello i am gallstaff sorcerer of light then how come you had to cast magic missiles
you guys are being attacked do i see that happening no you're outside by the tavern
cool i get drunk there are there are seven ogres surrounding you how could they surround us i had
morton kindon's magical watchdog cast no you didn't i'm getting drunk are there any girls
there i totally did you asked me if i wanted any equipment before this adventure and i said no
but i need material components for all my spells so i cast morton kindon's faithful watchdog but
you never actually cast it roll the dice to see if i'm getting drunk yeah you are are there any
girls there yeah i did though i completely said when you asked me no you didn't you didn't
actually say that you were casting the spell so now there's ogres okay ogres man i got an
ogre slaying knife it's got a plus nine against you're not there you're getting drunk okay but
if there's any girls there i want to do them there you have it a frightening look into america's most
frightening pastime remember that it's not your children's fault that they're being drawn into
a satanic world of nightmare it's their gym teacher's fault for making them feel outcast
when they couldn't do one single pull-up all true all of it yes 100 true including the pull-up
i actually you know funny enough nathan thinks that he popped my dnd cherry but that's not true
i actually played in high school with some friends of mine like i hadn't played in years and years
after that but you know there was there was a little group of us in high school that used to
play and it was fun like one of my friends was really into it like he would talk about the
campaign like at times it like wasn't appropriate like you know it's like you know there's real life
and then there's campaigns so it's like us and wow basically really i really is yeah at the bar
yeah yeah we'll be at the bar and it's like you know this is my favorite like when we go to the
bar and let's say it's like me you and since i know they're listening like ben jim and victoria
and then like who else that like plays wow might go to the bar with us um i don't know but like
you me and ben will start talking about wow like oh yeah there was that raid yesterday and oh man
the the fight and da da da off we'd only done this differently and you can like see jim and
victoria looking at each other like how far away are we from the bar
good times and what are we gonna do as soon as we get back to your place
probably well we gotta run the daily that's why yeah this marathon has to be over before 3 a.m
when the freaking servers reset 4 4 a.m is it for oh my god i'm kidding i'm kidding god i missed
that we missed the daily yesterday friday two days didn't kill us we didn't do a daily that's right
we'll be okay so you owe me two frosts i'm very upset well the ice okay okay kids i told alan
i'm like alan um i you might want to mark yourself tentative for the raid monday because i don't know
if we're going to be able to run because you're going to be visiting me and you know we might go
out for labor day yeah we might go out because labor day you know i have the day off and alan's
like well why did you schedule a raid on labor day and you know everybody's going to come and
they're not going to have progression if you guys don't if we don't both come so i can play on your
laptop and i don't understand like why are we like i'm going to be there and you're going to be there
and we can be at home and raid one of you can use my computer i still have it installed don't
encourage him it's okay to take a day off once in a while i'm just helping you should be saying oh
actually i think i come to dinner with me let me get you outside the house at eight o'clock
let's get ice cream tomorrow yeah we'll go very happy before eight
let's go to pinkberry no here's the thing i'm gonna tell alan we will go to pinkberry tomorrow
but we're only gonna go to pinkberry at 750. that's the only time we can go to pinkberry
otherwise pinkberry's closed the rest of the day for inventory it's fine i'm just playing along
but no i know i know let's see uh jv mondenchat says i was gonna play wow with my boyfriend but
then he dumped me debbie downer no but you know what the couple the games together stays together
or at least appreciates each other's nerdom like i've dated guys in the past you know and i've
taught i've talked about this in the past on the show is that part of the difficulty of being gay
sometimes is that most gay guys you meet are like let's talk about fashion let's talk about madonna
or oh my god lady gaga you know all this stuff and you know it's just like i'm not like you know
i like lady gaga i guess but as far as like all that other stuff like i'm not like into that just
play classes with different armor classes so you don't have to roll against the same loot
and you have will have a happy relationship
clothie and a plate never have to roll on the same loot you'll be together for years
hold on we're getting a call this is oh damn it i just missed it that's right i'll call him back
i'll call him i don't care we'll call him because he's a wild guildie and so i'm sure he has some
insight on this hi i saw you were trying to call no no no no no no you're not taking no days off
take off aka you the best healer alan the best dps we're gonna be in a lot of trouble for our guild
so no you're not taking tomorrow off i understand the holiday you schedule it you're gonna show up
show up you know that's part of the deal i want my frost badges i want my t10 pants i can't get
my t10 pants unless you're gonna show up they have to go get pinkberry with me you can get
pinkberry afterwards it won't take down no pinkberry closes at 10 o'clock thank you very much
we don't stop rating till 10 30 11 o'clock what's more forehand then go god damn it what's more
important two frost badges or fucking original pinkberry with watermelon and mango frost badges
because i could care less i'm i'm not playing star trek online right now what is wrong with you
you're supposed to be supporting me in this oh allen come over you can use my computer to rate
show you lady rob rob rob no because i forgot that the little sale is going on and i have some
cryptic points left to spend and it's cheap right now it's the last it's a sale rob you are denying
a woman a sale for shame no no go go raid with your party crossing very thin lines here
no i'm kidding no it's cool man you gotta take a day off no i'm just kidding it's just funny the
way you just said that you're like you know what we don't need to show what no i don't think so
you know better allen any comment see it for those listening that have been considering playing wow
this is what is waiting for you in the future this is real this is yeah this is like an episode
of i don't know intervention and vh1 behind the guild right here
i love both of you guys no it's all your fault rob you got me addicted on it so i know
congratulations i'm a bad person it's fine our phone's ringing i guess i should take another
call all right all right rob i still love you guys regardless you show up no homo well all right
that was the most like unenthusiastic kissing noise i've ever heard in my life
i can't take it anymore hi you're on orange lounge radio who's this what time is the raid
tomorrow because i might be level eight you know when i come yes oh my god
okay hold on folks we do a show here called orange lounge radio where we talk about gaming
and gaming culture this is not the danger squad updates and important bulletins like
i could just see there in guild chat now that bitch just say hey i'm coming to raid with us
tomorrow because he's not gonna be a pink berry that fat bitch like really oh uh eight o'clock
pacific so okay ten o'clock yeah i want to go raid what are you guys reading they're doing icc
the second half they're trying to do progression so if you're in greens and blues i don't know if
that's a good idea but you can still take me we we took somebody in greens and blues last week i
don't see why we wouldn't do it again you need to talk to tim all right whatever sure yeah okay
what's his uh radio show calling it's i can make a joke here but i don't want to out what he does
so i better not all right um you have a good one shane go raid bye you better be doing his daily
every day all right okay i spent my points now i'm logging out i'm a rear admiral rob
that's funny career admiral uh let's see uh anonymous 123 in our chat room says when you
hear wow talk and you've never played you wish you could understand when you play or haven't
played wow and you understand wow talk you wish you didn't understand define this is a good good
question define what a raid is for our listeners alan a raid is content and challenges in the game
that you need to coordinate a large number of players to cooperate in defeating those challenges
and the rewards that you get are superior because of the people involved
that good it's basically dnd for reals all right we're getting more phone calls let's i didn't even
ask for calls it's just the phone is now ringing hi you're on orange on the radio who's this
dj blaziken again what's on your mind dj blaziken
oh not much just touching around virtual liberty city in gta balladegate tony now
finally getting past that stupid chopper mission but um okay i don't know has anyone here played
uh metal gear by chance no none of us in here have played oh no the truck have started to move
the truck have started to move what are you talking to old school see the only metal gear
language i speak is old school it's old school it's old school it's old school it's old school
see the only metal gear language i speak is old school metal gear on the nes
oh okay you guys played the playstation one no no no no no no no no no no those are good
games too don't get me wrong metal gear solid is a solid series but you gotta go back let's see
where it all began basically i'm stuck on the cycle mantis battle and that was the best battle
made me almost want to crack my psp in half as we speak i see you are a careful man you save often
you yeah you have to i don't know if it does this on the psp but it was so hardcore like that guy
would read your memory card and like if you played other konami games he would freaking know
and he'd be like yes oh you like to play castlevania do you and you'd be like oh my god
oh my god because i have a castlevania save on there and a ddr save on there just for random
point and let's just say here yeah you've read that and you're like rhythm fan or something
around those lines but um on top of also anger management and gaming um and everything that
almost made me want to break all my controllers and or system is guitar hero 3 the freaking devil
i lost so many times on hard an expert to that guy what was that song guitar hero 3
ready to pete counten my guitar um i i that song in guitar hero 3 that used to kill me
was uh the muse song the night knights of sedonia like i probably broke my uh i probably like broke
my guitar over that i don't know how many times oh my god but that's an epic song in itself it
is a pretty epic song all right we gotta let you go please hurry up hurry up what's your last thought
um oh god no oh right um i tried well the work effort tried to activate like a trial account
and it won't work why not i got a little trial desk and everything it won't work what would you
do oh wow and everything won't log me in it's stupid call blizzard technical support the trial
accounts are so crippled because of people spammers use trial accounts so they can spam
without having to pay so the accounts are so crippled like when i played with a trial account
like two years ago i hated it because i couldn't do anything and then when i actually paid for it
it's like oh this is a completely different game so is it worth it for the 15 bucks because i
was in here in a whole lot i've known for your show but from every single last one of my friends
who has it been bragging all about oh i got level 80 blah blah blah and i've rolled this character
why aren't you playing i'm like uh i got a life and i play other games other than just
one i can't can i say this here real quickly about warcraft the reason why i play so much
warcraft is because the social element uh and you know a lot of my friends play and it's it's
so much fun to like raid with them and stuff and it's always fun to like meet new people too that
are that are like you and stuff first off two things apparently this has suddenly turned into
the robin allen guild radio show because one of the guild members who i've never seen join chat
before joined and said what do you mean allen has the best dps our bro joined and finally figured
out because i've been watching the guild the whole web series and i've finally figured out the whole
and some of the episodes and some of the lingo the thing is she really did play wow and that's
why i like that series is so spot on because i'm sure it's a lot like some of it is probably like
you know obviously fiction like some of the weird dating storylines to get into but a lot of the
stuff they talk about in game is so true and then i just i just got yourself in the south park make
laws not warcraft episode ma'am bathroom and this is uh i just got a screenshot from one of the
guild members who apparently yes in guild chat at uh at 1 56 a.m i'm assuming that's eastern time
uh one of the guildies said that bitch ain't coming to raid tomorrow because he's going to
get pink berry that fat bitch i just got a screenshot of somebody talking shit about me
and guild wow rob if it's one i know i know they're they're listening to if it's one something that
would be central time actually one of my girlfriends ended up breaking up with me via wi-fi connection
on a live metroid time hunters game where we could do voice chat we had friend codes everyone in the
whole room heard it and then my character died i was just like wow um worst breakup ever i uh
i whatever happened like a phone call like like text messages break up how how okay you have to
explain that better like what what what did she do she she just came on the vo ip or whatever was
like um i you know i i want to kill you a couple more times in metroid and by the way i hate you
and i don't want to see you again basically it was because i was a gamer and so she she said
she said either you quit gaming or i dumped you and get this this girl was a cheerleader and
freshman and i was kind of done with my life trying to find love well you know what if i had
the hot shirt cheerleaders you know what if there's one lesson we could teach you here on orange
lingerie to look i want i want all the young men to listen up because i know we have you know some
some strapping young lads that are what between like 16 and 21 that listen to the show young guys
trying to like find the girl their dreams and so forth this is what i want to teach you and jay
be back me up on this is that if a woman is going to break up with you because you play too many
games she's a bitch yes she's a bitch and you can do better and that's just i'm dating a girl who
knows more about anime than i do there you go well she's just a nerd but that's okay nerds are okay
all right all right buddy we're gonna let you go have a good one buddy all right later
there's one thing you could learn from orange lounge real it's i i'm not saying if a girl
doesn't play games she's a bitch that's that's that but if a girl doesn't understand you gotta
respect the games she's a bitch i'm gonna get so much hate mail all right well i think i don't
know if it's like honey get the keys the baby's coming now and it's like mister gut is at 20
percent the baby is harshing my mela right good news everybody the baby is coming hi on orange
lounge radio who's this wait wait let me hear this straight did you say raid or rave because
i got my glow sticks here ready for tomorrow night why not both let's let's rave during the raid why
not why switch right have you been trying to call us for 30 minutes just to make that joke
no but it's not like you said radio race i had to call it just just to say something about it
raid r a i d use it to kill insects i i know i know but i just couldn't resist raid right why
not all right all right bye bye he's been calling for like 30 minutes just to make that joke ow it
hurts all right um wow we're now in officially um hour nine of our marathon and it just keeps
getting better and you guys are staying up awfully late with us tonight there's a lot
like there's we don't usually get this many people listening during the normal show like
we need to do a marathon every week everybody yeah no
an hour 10. all right yeah we're gonna be an hour 10 before this all right we'll see how much longer
we go all right we're gonna take a quick break though we gotta stretch i gotta gotta run to the
house yeah people starting to lose it yeah we're getting kind of punchy in here we are getting
punched but that's the fun part that's when the marathon gets real fun all right we still have
some facebook questions to get to what else are we getting to we have the cage match before we
go to bed but that's not for podcasts it's the very very last thing we're gonna go ahead and
just play that song if you want to because i don't care okay and then oh yeah i got to send
to play the one you sent me or you're gonna throw a fit i actually got an email from jamie this is
play this ho bag that was actually the subject she's so respectful so respectful all right um
big thanks to those you guys have been listening the entire time like i don't know how you do it
you guys are crazy like i can barely tolerate being here all right just leave it on the other
room all right all right we'll be right back guys with more of the orange lounge radio marathon
i i don't know what we're gonna do in the next segment just tune in and find out we'll be back
after this break here at all games right now hi and now we're back everybody welcome back to
orange lounge radio on hour nine of our marathon episode we started at two o'clock today and it's
now 11 16 yes we are taping here live at all games radio www.allgames.com uh sorry for the live
listeners you won't hear this on podcast but we had some weird that transition thing like played
three times when it shouldn't have so i apologize for that but we're trying to get set up here in
studio and stuff uh we remember we're gonna do game shows we we still need to do match game
and we need to do listless and all that good stuff so we're gonna do those this break where
did bradley go he go out to main room we were in one hand i don't know but i totally love that
screen capture oh did you get the oh did that's the best ever okay he's he's watching the game
that shall not be named oh okay sounds good he'll be back he'll be back okay good uh we'll get that's
why dan's not in here he's ignoring us in favor of video games that's fine yeah we asked dan to
come play match game but he's like i'm in the middle of a game all right how about more uh
facebook questions from earlier that uh let's do it rob and you know what i feel energetic
do you i feel like we could go longer don't push it don't push i've been up i got six hours sleep
last night i've been up since i'll make you some coffee sweetie uh we got 14 hours sleep i'll make
you i'll make you i'll make and two naps my delicious ghetto mocha what's a ghetto mocha
it's me well i made mine with decaf but decaf sauce caffeine in it except to make it kind of
strong with a good scoop of a hershey's cocoa in it and then i add some splenda and uh back
about a teaspoon of vanilla flavoring and use a soy creamer after i add the water this actually
tastes like sort of intermediate chocolate sounds so hippie it's really good all right i'll take
over for it do you want some uh maybe later we'll see how i'm not tired yet but give me about
another hour we'll see how we do all right uh i say we beat 12 o'clock well we're good we only
got 45 minutes to go we'll probably beat it hi bradley play some more para we're going to be
doing uh listless it's cheating though if i play too much music like playing about 10 minutes every
hour that's that's okay because we needed to be able to take breaks and stuff but if i play much
more than that we're cheating all right uh bradley hi we're going to be doing a listless here shortly
tonight's topic if you want to start thinking about this and i know bradley's gonna want to
think about this he needs to get his list together okay um would be uh the topic tonight thing i most
want to see in the olr olr marathon 2011 okay it's going to be the topic tonight so start thinking
about that get your list down okay thing i most want to see in the olr marathon 2011 all right
um meanwhile more facebook questions that we uh got earlier this week um we had liam earlier ask
us what is our favorite video game of all time what about this uh john on facebook asked a very
similar question not just what is the best video game ever what is the worst video game ever is
there a game that you can think of that would qualify as the worst video game ever dark soccer
there was a game that was so bad that when dan and i rented it we were horrified by it and called
blockbuster and asked them if we could take it back and it was wcw thunder that bad huh it was
really that bad and you know i actually kind of thought the spice girls game was bad but it's so
hilarious it was hilarious come on kind of hard to play it was awesome and the american blue stinger
was bad the japanese one was cool all right worst game ever alan you got something um
probably that king's quest mask of eternity game because i bought it the day it came out for full
retail prize which was like 50 bucks and it is hideously awful bad terra bad terra bad
um i would uh what is the worst video game ever fusion frenzy 2 is probably the worst video game
one of them it's close uh that was that one i made you play on the 360 that was so so bad like
it was like mario party but not fun at all was like when you had me play yaris i couldn't help
it because i was laughing i was just laughing just laughter came out of me playing yaris
because it was so what is this i do not even so that's that's worth something um and and bit boy
was really a special kind of terrible that i played earlier um this year too that was really
bad or last year uh and um going like if i want to go way back okay i remember renting this game
on the nintendo entertainment system and thinking it was just like the worst fucking game i'd ever
played and i bet nobody's ever even heard of it it was a color dreams game okay they made
they made the bootleg carts it was called master chew and the drunk nerd who and i remember this
game because it was so terrible i bet that's a game not even jamie knows like that's how obscure
this show huh no i've seen it have you it's bad it's bad it's really bad a lot of those color
dreams were really bad yeah yeah good stuff bradley any terra bad games you can think of
uh worst freaking video game uh the worst a lot of them that are really terrible are like these
girl fighting games on like the japanese saturn ones i don't think like ask i don't know if it's
like oscar 120 was actually fun i'm thinking of like one of them they might have been a different
one from that one but usually they're slow and they make crappy moves and stuff uh with other
games were craptastic let's see some of our uh chat room uh saying uh ddr dollar bill says silent
assault was another color dreams game that was worse green dragon says princess tomato in the
salad kingdom the forest you had to get through was a bigger pain in the ass than the doom dungeon
uh let's see uh dash of destruction yaris kabuki warriors says amaze satsuma was a really bad game
sir dorks a lot says the ps1 version of samurai showdown 3 was terrible there you go those are
some of the responses there from our chat room more facebook questions uh john on facebook also
asks the the best geek moment ever this is a good one the best geek moment ever what was your like
best geek moment ever this is kind of tricky oh mine's easy that's uh beating the dragon blindfold
did in mega man 2 that is pretty geeky and and uh doing you know doing mario ate one blindfolded
if if you know your rhythm it's not that hard but the dragon because and that one was also
kind of precise timing too so i i've only done it three times nice i can't do it now hell no
but when when it was out yeah okay all right alan do you have a best geek moment ever that you can
think of not right now all right now i would say mine was probably my first e3 walking through the
doors of my first e3 it was kind of like oh this is what i've read about in gaming magazines for
so long and i'm actually here and oh my god and then i realized everything was really overpriced
and all the lines were long but it was still a pretty cool experience um i thought though
this year's e3 was like a close second you know you're my first e3 was definitely my best but
this year's e3 was a close second this is a really good e3 this year so what about though
going to e3 for the first time is press um that was cool too but i honestly didn't notice that
huge of a difference because one thing i've learned about press is that if you don't book
your show like six months in advance then you're pretty much having the same show as everyone else
plus back in oh six or oh seven i don't remember what year we actually went as press maybe it was
oh seven i booked us with bethesda well in advance so we could get in for the star trek screening
yeah which ended up being a mediocre game which was too bad yeah and i got into though i got him
one time as not as pressed though for a press thing for public cross no i'm sorry for to steal
your thunder oh that's okay but it was it was good um yeah there were some really good parties
depending on uh what year it was you know uh looking in our chat room and some of the questions
uh questions here uh jv mon says my best geek moment was meeting matt smith at the new york
city premiere of doctor who series 5 and being on the 13th episode of doctor who confidential
uh rama says beating mega man 3 dan shadow says the parties at e3 were insane yep yep
what was that place that we went and got beer at they had like 200 anywhere 200 taps on the
wall or something like that that place was oh seattle those packs for packs that was epic yes
maybe some people are there right now although you know i did enjoy my uh my facebook style photo
with jonathan colton that was pretty fun all right um i've got one oh yes uh at anime expo
2000 this is like jamie says you must remember seeing me there it was that was my last day x
yeah yeah uh actually stayed up all night uh at the ddr room i didn't i think i only played it
once there but i was just they were watching people because i was waiting for that there's
like they were having like signings in the morning at disneyland wasn't it was it 2001
at disneyland because then i was there for one after that uh can't remember if that was a long
beach winner in disneyland one it wasn't no it hadn't been long beach no no the 2000 was the one
at disneyland 2001 was yeah it was at an aheim okay it was one with like a long pier down there
we went down there and waited yeah so yeah basically stay up all night watching people play
ddr waiting to get signatures from like artists and stuff that's pretty geeky staying up all
night to play ddr that was a day charging two dollars a play on a third mix i mostly was just
watching because i only played like once because that was the first time i'd ever seen it so it
was just kind of interesting to watch then then once i found the ddr usa and at roseville golf
land then and then i the obsession began that was the year of the chair here's some more geek
moments from chat green dragon says biggest geek moment speaking cling on with my dad
dude your dad is cool uh let's see uh gilroy spars which i think is nathan says uh being told about
a weekend cabin retreat of drinking and massive dnd playing and being very excited about going
that does sound kind of awesome but you have to actually go for it to be a geek moment just you
know uh ben jamus a friend of mine irl who's listening says meeting robocop at an la kings
game so by the way actually my friend ben is is also jewish dark sakura and i'm supposed to tell
you la shana tova is that that that pretty much means have a good year because russia shana is
this uh oh there you go wednesday night slash thursday during the day i got it's like i'm i'm
like the translator of like jew speak tonight or something i don't know it's just hebrew rob
i thought of my geek moment you thought of your geek moment yay um when i was in dmla which was
the youth group that i was in uh oh boy we went all right i'm gonna out myself i was in it too
and the reason i haven't talked about a lot of the show because not a lot of kids were in it
like it's not it's it's youth masonry right so it's like not a lot of the masons before their
son usually if your grandpa's in it or you're like in my case you end up being in it you have friends
that were in it or what have you but um the the reason why i bring this up before he he says this
is um because alan and i were both in this organization so we're convinced that we met
each other when we were 15 like at camp at the leadership camp or whatever like we're convinced
we met each other and just didn't like you know we weren't really like neither of us were practicing
homosexuals at the time and yeah so you know just it was i was like i know i was like magically
gathering cards exactly yeah me too i'd be like let's talk about new super nintendo which is
weird that we wouldn't have met because we would have had all those same interests like now going
but it's just weird i don't know so at the convention which is basically like four days
of a bunch of 15 year old boys just staying up and doing convention things i think we hooked up a
super ness up to our hotel route tv room and we played i think we played rock and roll racing
and street fighter 2 i think for like 36 hours without sleeping oh my god which is something
that you can only do when you're 15 i beg to differ oh i beg to differ okay when i it was
probably my i'd have to say my second year of college or my first year somewhere around there
i was working in the game room and so i brought in my tv and my super nintendo and my friend
brought in his import saturn and we had gaming going on in the pool hall all night and i ran dnd
games and we did this three nights in a row and i did not sleep and on the fourth day of having
been awake i was i sit down at my friend's dorm room and lean back on the cushions while they're
playing um whatever i think it was doom at the time and wake up in my own dorm bed oh so they
carried you they carried me to my dorm room don't remember any of it don't remember but i'm sorry
but the best like dorm slash frat house story that you possibly have was when you missed this show
because you were in san diego one weekend and you stayed at the gay frat house can you tell this
story again on the show real quick right it's been years i um i went with julie to uh san diego to
see um some friends of ours um who one of them lives in japan right now and the other one lives
somewhere in town i think now he moved up here he used to be julie's roommate for a while anyway um
we uh there was like hardly anywhere else to stay and so the only place i got to stay was this
little cot under the stairs it was a little room how did you end up going to a gay frat house as
your hotel because the only place that we had to stay was the gay frat house to stay with our
friends oh your friend was a gay frat boy yeah okay he lived in the frat house okay so the only
spaces like julie slept on i think on some couch and i slept in a little room under the stairs
where there had been a mattress it's like the harry potter room we caught that's what he called
it the harry potter room and so it had like a little light in there all on its own and
everything it was actually kind of neat um i'm very very glad they washed the mattress before
i used it i know i was just like think about all the hand jobs have taken place in that little
closet all right bro i'm so drunk bro bro where are we at bro
sorry but it was it was a fun visit though because we went to extraordinary dessert which is this
gourmet dessert shop in san francisco and like amazing stuff and um went to uh julie in california
up in the mountains um kind of a little touristy town but it was the first place i ever had buffalo
burgers and i came back on i slept in the harry potter room rob i read harry potter in the harry
potter room and i was like wait there's gay frat houses like i didn't even know there's like a
gay fraternity no i know that now but like 10 years ago i didn't remember however long ago that
was all right all that long time ago oh no it's been a long time all right uh redertainment is
falling up saying bro don't stop doing that i need to get something else to drink all right
um let's see should we move on to another question here uh yes uh another question from john on
facebook says the best and worst game tie-ins i.e movies tv so forth although i guess i could
go on to like action figures and all that good stuff so the best and the worst tie-ins um
i think honestly the best as far as like movies and all that go the silent hill movie was pretty
kick-ass like it's even though it wasn't like perfect it was still like miles above anything
else i think has come out to this point so um the silent hill movie is probably one of the best
um as far as the worst that maniac mansion shows up there that's that was pretty bad or um
maybe the pac-man cartoon in the 80s was was not that great either like it really didn't
i don't know it didn't didn't work for me i don't know the best and the worst video game
tie-ins dark sakura like movie tv best was silent hill i have to agree with you there and you know
how many times i've watched it and i bought it on blu-ray because i'm a fucking addict
saw it four times in the theater um worst captain n because the characterizations in that were just
so awful they were hideous and um i also have to say the the street fighter movie with john
claudia van damme poor ral julia having that this is last movie but kali minnow was hot
any uh alan about uh captain n yeah jane brought it up i love that show now when i think back on it
why did kick kid ikaris always suffix everything he said with ikis like that was his speech
impediment what was that well and maybe i was mega this mega that and simon belmont was an idiot and
he was supposed to be like this courageous vampire hunter yeah idk idk best video game tie-in super
mario brothers cereal because you like food yeah i would no i would eat all that's funny no um
i would pick out all the marshmallows and then eat save the dry cereal for later the one the
whatever the nintendo cereal had the two sides it was like two bags in one box the nintendo
breakfast cereal system yeah yeah okay that worst uh
i had one i blanked oh tired live radio i know i'm yawning we haven't even gotten to the games yet
we had to get to that segment pretty soon well let me know if you think about it okay bradley
i don't know if you have anything you're thinking of best and worst video game tie-ins can't really
think anything any and all of the marketing related to dante's inferno last year oh that
whole debacle tie-ins ever oh what was so terrible about it like see what you can get away with with
a booth babe or like or maybe tied for god of war 2 when they served like a goat or something at the
press conference and they have the girls in the togas of course it was a fake animal right but
they're like oh yeah we have a dead goat for god of war 2 no that's dumb and you're a bad person
for thinking of it yeah sony just in general has a lot of really bad tie-ins like sometimes they do
really well like the kevin butler stuff but sometimes they do really bad like remember the
black and white psp oh yeah oh that was not not good like you just feel secondhand embarrassment
for them right or the psp commercial with the squirrels yes all right how about a game to perk
us up everybody how about an olr game yay tonight folks we're going to play a game called listless
that's where we're going to make the definitive list about a particular topic let me re-explain
the way this works if you've never heard listless before because somehow it's almost midnight and
there's still almost 100 of you listening so you're up very late so the way this works
we're going to put together a definitive list we're going to go around and get the top three
answers on the list from each person here in studio so we have a top 12 but then we go around
the room and ask which of these is not worthy of the list and we reduce down to the top eight
which then you our chat room vote and we'll uh come up with the definitive list and tonight we've
got a great topic for you guys tonight's topic is thing i most want to see in the olr marathon
2011 all right the thing i most want to see in next year's olr marathon now we've almost
survived through one what do i want to see most next year all right so um now if you guys in chat
have uh things you want to add to the list you can try and yell it out in chat if somebody doesn't
have any ideas they can try and like you know steal some from chat so we'll see all right uh
so we'll start off uh dark sakura you ready to go you want to read the first item on your list
number three on dark circles list thing you most want to see at the olr marathon 2011 actually
playing games while we broadcast over the web
actually playing games while we brought dance in the other and playing his game going i regret
nothing nice all right uh bradley do you have a number three thing you most want to see us do
next year a balloon drop a balloon drop i like that idea will there be confetti and and all
sorts of things as well oh you can count down you can just do everything you saw in that video i
think our uh i think our next uh marathon should be on new year's olr fucking new year's all right
let's see um i like this comment in chat robin allen raychat that'll just be the thing all right
number three answer allen loki sings hours of uninterrupted disco karaoke classics in the
background of the news story what sorts of uh interrupt uninterrupted classes would he sing
um well i know he's already infamous for doing i'm coming out so um i will survive ymca in the
navy you know see how long he can go before he starts to cry yeah all right uh let's see number
three answer for me my number three answer is corporate sponsorship because i will see you
because i will sell out like that yes very practical corporate sponsorship
our hour 19 of the olr marathon brought to us tonight by cinnabon
every i like sugar we have a delicious cinnabon
and my my left arm is tingling and i don't know why but who was that you were talking about once
and it was like a i don't know it was like some like really dumpy actress or something that was
a total slut and you said ah she looks like she's been glazed up like a cinnabon who was that were
you talking about one of our friends yeah okay yeah do we really want to go there right now we
can all right no well she was in her hotel room with her boyfriend and i said she's getting oh
yeah she's oh god she's getting frosted up like a cinnabon right now because i'm gross like that
okay here's the thing no seriously we were in reno and we were gambling we were downstairs because
they have a queen slot machine which is the most amazing invention ever made like the band not
like you know hey girl okay it was a queen slot machine with freddie mercury right but alan and
i went upstairs because alan was kind of sick and i wanted to set some stuff down we're like we'll
be right back we get back downstairs and i there my friend's gone her and her boyfriend are gone
and so i call once no answer i call twice no answer i call three times hello i'm like are
you guys coming down we're busy we'll be down about 45 minutes and then like hang up and i'm
like oh my god i totally called and they were like having sex and alan goes oh she's getting
glazed up like a cinnabon right now because you're dirty all right uh answer number two
the dark sakura the the damathon the danathon is dan's been ignoring the show mostly tonight
but i yeah i i thought i thought we would need him to get through the show and we haven't needed
him so i'm i'm i'm very proud that we've gotten through this all by our loans themselves relatively
dan free i'm pretty nice all right uh let's see next up uh bradley your number two answer a laser
light show laser light show i could do a light switch rave will that help i don't know how that
translates to radio who cares about the listeners that's right who cares about the listeners
we put on pink floyd's the wall oh it just all makes sense now like when i watch the
wizard of oz it has a whole new meaning all right um alan your number two pick for thing you most
want to see the olr marathon 2011 a live web stream of booty pop and gogo dancers and 8-bit
cosplay hey slow that down and say it one more time a live web stream of accompanying gogo
dancing people in 8-bit cosplay any particular reason why because i'm we've been doing this for
10 hours and i'm delirious right now all right my ideas are going to be kind of whack all right
that's hey that's all right uh my number two answer is somewhat similar i was actually a
thing i most want to see on the olr marathon 2011 nudity but not from the hosts so the thing i most
want to see in the olr marathon 2011 is nudity but not from the hosts we should hire a stripper
for the next i'm oh i should have put that down
i'm sure loki would love that if we got the thunder from down under here live
and uh olr all right so far the list as it stands actually playing games on video
a balloon drop loki sings hours of disco corporate sponsorship the danathon laser light show
live stream of gogo dancing and 8-bit cosplay and nudity but not from the host
all right dark sakura what is your number one answer showgirls edition
how does showgirls edition work you are a whore darlin the the whole thing is just us uh answering
questions in showgirls quotes okay and with a uh a topless dance show
hey you're stealing my answer all right
so many of our listeners have never seen showgirls and can't appreciate the humor of that line
episode 380 of orange lounge radio game it ain't fucking
bradley what is your number one answer for thing you most want to see of the orange
marathon 2011 big money big prizes
i love it big money big prizes i don't know where that money's going to come from but okay
hey it's it's our dream world today
alan your number one answer for the thing you most want to see in the olr marathon 2011
no one is allowed to switch to the net their next story or segment until they can beat
the next level of battle toads
lots of dead air on that marathon
okay no one is allowed to switch story until beat battle toads level i don't know
i just had to shorten it somehow that's that's going to be very tricky and there'll be a
lot of cursing actually that's going to be tough all right uh my number one answer for
thing i most want to see at the olr marathon 2011 gabe and taiko show up and exclaim this
is where the real party's at bitches all right how you like that huh this joke's on penny
arcade expo
all right so there it is the uh list as it is so far actually playing games on video
balloon drop loki sings hours of disco corporate sponsorship the danathon laser light show
live stream of gogo dancing and 8-bit cosplay nudity but not from the host showgirls edition
big money big prizes no one is allowed to switch story until they beat a level on battle
toads and gabe and taiko show up and exclaim this is where the real party's at bitches
they have to say bitches all right dark sakura which of these is not worthy of the list one
of them is about to be eliminated the chatters cannot vote on that actually let me re quickly
while you think about that i want to actually read some of the suggestions from chat because
they have some good ones once in a while um i'm getting private tales let me on and i
will strip for the show um let's see um
showgirls is an amazing movie uh let's see it took you this long to get to the stripper
uh laser lady gaga lady gaga would be awesome olr the musical episode
larping put larping on the list we could do larping the whole episode uh loki reads every
line ever used by tingle in all the zelda games including japanese and tingles voice
um let's see can i just go ahead and pick something yeah all right which one of these is not
worthy of the list nudity how could you eliminate nudity because we can just get that on the
internet anyway i guess that's true all right nudity is stricken from the list bradley which
of these is not worthy of the list corporate sponsorship you'd never my answers are going
to hell all right why why because it just wouldn't be llr without the sponsorship that's true
that's true if we sell out it's just not the same all right i'll support you on that it is stricken
from the list alan which of these is not worthy from the list um
gabe and taiko show up why are you my entire list just got eliminated fuck all of you
seriously no i'll pick another one no no if that's the one you feel should be eliminated then we
should eliminate it it's fine it's fine i'm just your boyfriend and you know you want to just ruin
my day that's fine no i'm fine with it it's fine let's just see where we are at eight o'clock
tomorrow um
danathon the danathon oh alan took dan off the list oh okay all right why'd you eliminate the
danathon because he lets us be loud in his house and jamie's house for half a day so that's true
we shouldn't have to that's right he doesn't need to just tear away the listeners that's right that's
right he'll be mean because he'll be mean it is stricken from the list they love it they love it
he'll be mean they love it they it's an abusive relationship between dan and the listeners all
right it is stricken from the list um what am i taking off this list here um i'm gonna take off
i'm sorry jamie i love this answer but showgirls edition just isn't gonna work for me i'm sorry
darlin you are a whore you are you're a whore darlin all right it is stricken from the list you
don't know me all right so that leaves actually playing games on video balloon drop loki sings
hours of disco laser light show live stream of gogo dancing and 8-bit cosplay big money big
prizes no one is allowed to switch stories until battle toads is beaten and gabe and taiko show
up all right so you're gonna place a vote over private message to sky in the chat room with your
number one and number two answers and then we'll tally them all up i gotta type this out and then
uh we will um tell you our favor or tell you what one not our favorites it doesn't matter it's not
in our hands anymore it's in the hands of the listeners the voters there you go we we need to we
need to we need to do match game very soon you know because if we don't happy bunny will be sad
all right there you go now we have to fill time while i wait for votes to come in how are we gonna
do that like usually i'd be doing i don't know like freaking phone calls or something should i
open up the sky open up the skyline why not do it it's almost midnight just one point out we're
almost to our 10th hour of doing this i'm getting crazy i think we can do it alan did you realize
what you're signing up for when you were like sure rob i'll come i'll come be on the marathon show
with you that's good you having fun yeah good i'm glad you're having fun i'm glad somebody's
having fun all right just kidding all right we open up the skype line and see if we get any calls
to uh you're gonna have to call talk to whoever calls in though because i gotta tally up the
votes so one eight seven seven game olr or our username on skype is orange lounge radio we are
open to take some more calls here we could play silly youtubes no we got we're gonna call in we
got a call yes okay okay dark soccer's gonna take this one ghostbusters what do you want
hey it's derlock hi hello how are you i am good what is going on
we're besides being delirious from being up for 10 hours straight i'm not the delirious
one rob's delirious because rob is mr sleep deprivation party pooper yeah and he hasn't
been in taking much alcohol has he he has had two entire drinks oh well he hasn't even had
the guinness that i accidentally saved for him but i've been making delicious beverages all night
i made um one out of patron and grapefruit juice which was entirely very tasty nice and then
patron and orange juice and then brandy and apple juice and it tastes like pie sounds very delicious
alan had some he had lots of it that was good it's like pie it's it's actually part of how i
make my apple pie drink except when i make the apple pie drink i let it sit for like a couple
of weeks and throw in some cinnamon and spices and it's pretty good cool awesome do you have a
question for us uh i don't care what it is just ask something i don't know i've been uh eagerly
awaiting the new uh pokey man's in uh two weeks i'm yes i'm big enough a big enough nerd i am
importing and very excited oh knows your pokey man's let you show me them yes i hear you like
mudkips i just thought it was funny um at uh fauna may someone cosplayed as a mudkip
it was not i'm not surprised of course that was also the same year that someone uh
um cosplayed as a wiimote which is pretty funny uh the we yeah we we did the little pig cry we we
we all the way home yeah yeah we're we're getting towards the we've been doing what for how long
for how long what i really think uh i really think this should be an annual uh event i'm having fun
i would i would pay to uh i would pay to see it let me jump in here because i've got a paypal
account if you want to contribute hold on let me jump in here though because the reality is
doing this labor day week well no wait because of what bobby told us earlier in the show if
pax is the week before then we can do it next year weekend unless we go to pax well it won't
be on labor day weekend oh so we could do it yeah it's four oh oh no oh that's i mean we'd only oh
we'd only be up against dragon khan yeah no i know yeah oh well exactly oh well sorry bobby
a bunch of my friends are dragon khan right now anyway yes oh they're not doing that yes hi um
um i also have a um statement for you as well uh-oh
look at what you've done look at what you've done
has shared the love i love this app oh which one do you have you know you know what's awesome
though because i have a button in front of me too you know what my button does
do you know what my button does like a bee fart jamie jamie what one two three
this is the stupidest marathon in the history of the internet okay wait sturlock you want
to know what my button does is your button there it hangs up on colors you're such a
rock you all right dirty dirty hoe bag he deserved it for the booboozilla your boyfriend's dirty
hoe bag all right now what are you what are you trying you're like kicking me in the imaginary
crotch like you're like the imaginary no i mean i have a crotch but he's kicking me in the imaginary
crotch because like he's just kind of like doing this thing where he's putting the force foot
he's doing the force push on your groin yes exactly exactly why are we still getting
calls i want to get to the answer why are people calling it hi you're on orange lounge radio i
mean hi we're so happy to have you who is this hello rob what's up gang hi who's this
this is scared though what are you doing hey what's up how are you doing
hello okay barely what's up what's up dude nothing i'm at walmart man i'm at walmart just doing some
shopping and i'm listening to you guys for my shitty all games app radio but uh hold on hold
on listen i thought to give you guys a call i i don't criticize the app because it was done i
think at a very low cost if not but for free uh so we we love that app um if it doesn't work it's
it's usually the internet's fault oh i mean my my bad 3d my bear okay criticize the iphone the
app is beautiful ever so wonderful ever so wonderful all games app there you go i just
want to call say hi hi i've been listening to you guys since about you know 2 p.m i'm sorry
and you're still listening what's wrong with you go outside oh yeah man i gotta go to work at 5 a.m
i got nothing to do i'm just trying to do some some shopping real quick so what do you shop for
at walmart wait wait you're at walmart it's like close to midnight what do you have to get at
walmart like it's like oh it's emergency i need some blue jeans and some tums and some five dollar
dvds i need some preparation eight uh these samurai or maybe or maybe i need some propel
because i know back in the day jamie love propel now she still has been replaced by vitamin water
zero i love vitamin water zero go get some barbies yeah you can get barbies at walmart i'm actually
i watch i'm in the blue jean section right now are you right across from you so yeah awesome
well have fun at walmart i'm glad you're still listening i love the fact that you're listening
on the go on the handy dandy app that's hilarious um we'll we'll see how much longer we can go
really appreciate it and um i hope they're not sold out of preparation all right take care buddy
i'm gonna let you go because our connection is kind of wonky but you have to go in okay
okay okay all right later i he was really like cutty and out but so i just i had to cut that
one short i'm sorry i'm sorry caller it's nothing personal i swear okay so one eight seven seven
game olr username on skype is orange launch radio you think everybody would stop listening by now
like usually during the normal show everybody everybody's tuned out by the time the afterbirth
starts nobody cares anymore but no tonight almost midnight still going hi on orange launch radio
who's this oh man legend of zaku again zaku again uh what's on your mind yes now i'm just like
watching uh paint dry in other words watching my hard drive format for for the past four hours
and listening to the show yeah i know it's it's yeah i know but but yeah i guess i don't know if
you mentioned any bimani related stuff like um hold on i'll put john speaking like ttrx
i mean that's supposed to be location testing in new jersey now wait take us off speaker phone
this sucks oh come on it sucks i hate it rob's got a wedgie right now all right all right
all right ddr it came up on the show a couple weeks ago um somebody went to the la premiere
and we had i don't know somebody was talking about it and i guess i guess the pads are better
and it the interface is pretty but otherwise hey it's still ddr well that and they started
unlocking songs now so we're getting a lot of like crossover a lot of bimani crossovers
i could pull it up and it was like as early as a few days ago they had some they had like
i got what songs they had but i know some of them like ah here we go yeah i'm lost uh there's
vanessa from 2d x15 that was unlocked um other songs so like songs from a series i stopped
following four years ago basically pretty no yeah around that pretty no
no what is a pretty no is that like my priorities right now aside from having
you know tending to my girlfriend and other things in life yeah so i mean i do play but not as much
as i used to and that's that's due to age like i'm getting you know i'm getting pretty old now
new york city scene is on on its way out kind of almost dead at this point so we go to new jersey
now you got a girlfriend now yeah i've been i've been in a relationship since april oh my gosh
how often does she have to be inflated i'm kidding i'm kidding i'm kidding okay i had to
all right i'm kidding come on what's what's a little come on i gotta give the listener some
crap once in a while all right um but okay so the new york scene is dying i'm sorry to hear that but
hey at least you're at least you're getting laid so it all's good with the world right
pretty much i mean you know as i said ddr is like it's not as big as it used to be here but
whatever we still play somewhat i try to avoid cf like the plague back home in new york coney
island's pretty coney island scene is pretty much a you know the wasteland at this point i hate to
say it but everyone's going out to either like deep parts of queens or new jersey to play wasn't
coney island supposed to get like this huge makeover like like now or something like they're
going to reopen it even then luna park doesn't have arcades oh that's a problem all the other
arcades i mean the other they used to be an arcade they used to have ddr but it burned down this you
know this this past year so i don't know whether they'll have ddr when they rebuild all the other
places are pretty much the same i mean it's like i i can't think of any good places to play now
even the one that we had in queens basically the mall kicked them out so they got sent further
into long island i know it's it's bullshit now i usually go out to like bay tide you know peter
pan games to play you know 2dx and and now we have popin 17 yes we've got the latest version
of popin in new york i don't know why but that just came up recently i know i'm just trying to
keep this show going with this no it's all good i i appreciate your dedication but we're gonna
let you go real quick because we have a special announcement to make okay all right make sure
to go to 2 p.m well yeah right all right take care buddy bye ladies and gentlemen we have made
it to midnight it is now the goal was to make it for 10 hours and we have successfully been
broadcasting at lovely all games radio for 10 hours and this is the point where we would call
it off but ah let's keep going let's keep another hour let's keep going we got another hour it is
let's keep going let's do it let's do it let's do it and then we were forced to eat robin's
minstrels yay all right well i get dude did you see the screen was like lit up with calls did
you see that like i did oh my gosh all right so we'll try to get a couple more calls how
about listless results real fast though before i go back to the phones listless results results
the definitive list of the uh things you most want to see in the olr marathon 2011
oops i never counted you are such a dork there's two leaders clearly
okay 21 votes for that one
it's a tie for first place how do you like that all right that's okay they work well together
they were um oh my god the phones are still lighting up hold on we'll get to the phones in a
minute uh and oh my god we have a tie for third place too because the first and second got so
many votes like everything else got nothing all right well then just read them shit fine here it
is tied for number three the most definitive things you want to see on the olr marathon 2011
a laser light show yeah i love how the radio listeners voted for a laser light show um gabe
and taiko show up and say this is where the real party's at bitches yay although they won't have
to now because packs got moved a week back so they really could do that uh the number two
definitive answer and this is it like once once we're past this guys this is the definitive list
there's no arguing all right just read it already okay fine live stream of gogo dancing and 8-bit
cosplay yay and the number one answer is a tie it's a tie all right read it actually playing games
on video yay and these are landslide loki sings hours and hours of disco at the car
there you go i brought a bunch of psp and ds games that are still in the car
did you because i didn't know what we were gonna do today i i didn't either
i i just showed up they're still in the car hi you're on orange lounge radio who's this
hey hello hello hey this is the ddr dollar bill ddr dollar bill what's up $50 bill
nothing much it's like three of them half a loopy so join the club you'll be a perfect
fit for our show what's on your mind buddy not much i was wanting to call earlier i think uh
zacker said about uh going older and not playing games too much and ddr just fading out
man i took care of that i mean there's like there's next to no places to play the art anymore
and even i stopped playing and i just got i didn't get bored of it i just got tired of all
these new kids coming around causing crap and everything you know it it stopped becoming fun
i'm interested in some of this resurgence that's coming up namely dance central and dance masters
and part of the reason that interests me is because it's very different like it's a whole
new way to kind of play a dance game it's not just stomping on a mat and the song list for dance
central like i love the fact that both these games exist because there's truly something
for everyone there's dance central for those folks that really want something in the mainstream and
like their you know music to be in the mainstream and top 40 and then for folks that have really
grown up on the you know bamani hits from japan there's dance masters i really think there's
something for everyone on connect and i it's kind of exciting where that that's going and it almost
makes me like excited about music games again is that game ddr no but you know ddr is a great
no but you know ddr has been around since 1998 it's it's it's been an epically long series it's
it's okay for it to be dying out right about now you know i'm not disagreeing with that i you know
i don't mind it dying out because it's you know forever but my only thing with the two dance games
that i was thinking about when i actually saw it was one both of them i would actually like
to see something where you can make your own choreography not just follow what they have
on screen like everything seems to be set to so you pick one song you follow that choreography
for that song and never changes and i kind of want to see because they have it's the way it
looks like it's that they're broken to sections so you have a four four beat for one step maybe two
two beats for another step you know you kind of like put it together the way it looks in the
commercials you know versus us whatever and the way i'm thinking is if there is some way maybe
to shuffle something around so you can kind of make your own choreography to the song your own
version to it i mean that's one way i'm thinking it would actually make the game a little better
because otherwise i mean i could see being good but at the same time i don't know it just seems
it just seems kind of too limited i honestly honestly think that dance masters is the future
of ddr like i think that's where konami's put in their stock is this whole connect thing and if it
takes off you're going to see something like it in arcades too man i hope so i mean if they fix
the lag and connect in the connect yeah this will definitely take off like crazy and i can even see
dance schools utilizing this we'll see all right buddy i'm going to let you go to get some more
calls but thanks so much for the call okay i'll get some coffee see you later all right good luck
all right we'll try and get some more calls in now one eight seven seven game olr or our username on
skype is orange launch radio we still have one more game we want to play for the night's over
um and we'll probably do that in the last segment here after another break well i'm trying to at
least get a couple more calls in if there's still people interested in calling so we'll give it a
couple more minutes one eight seven seven game olr our username is skype is orange laundry
oh hi you're on the olrathon who's this it's misty hi misty how are you i'm doing good
awesome the walmart thing though yeah in the middle of the night it's called i closed and i
need some dvds to burn shit too i see are you actually close to a walmart where you are whoa
i got a ride home that night but still i see all right well i sometimes you need to make the
emergency walmart run i suppose although i don't know like i i wish they had 24-hour targets and
yes i i realize like i'm supposed to be boycotting target apparently but i don't i can't like they're
less evil than walmart yes they're it's it's the lesser of two evils still they could donate
another 150 000 whatever organization it still is less evil than walmart in my book but i'm just
i'm i'm a hippie like that whatever so well anything uh what about games and stuff any
gamey related things you want to share things you've been playing lately i've been working on
some green day rock band on off during the show admittedly how is that i i like it it turns out
that i like more green day stuff than i thought i originally would because i never got back in the
day have you ever done that when like you get one of those like type of uh band packs or band games
or whatever you're kind of like oh i didn't realize they sang that song because i've kind
of had that happen like buying greatest hits cds you know you're listening to and you're like oh
this band did that song too and i never realized that did you kind of have that going on for rock
band dlc it's been more i got i sheaped into buying some dlc and it's like oh this ain't bad
nice all right well misty i'll we'll let you get back to some green day rock band so we can take
some more calls but um enjoy your uh future trips to walmart and enjoy green day rock band okay
okay thanks all right later one eight seven seven game olr are his name on skype is orange
lounge radio hi you're on the show who's this hi it's tiara hi tiara what's on your mind
hi um i just wanted to call in and say that you are complaining well you're not really complaining
about how long you've been doing the show you're kind of bragging but i've been doing this since
11 o'clock this morning and so has dark socress i think uh both of us kind of beat out the rest
of you oh you women you always have to assert your dominance over the rest of it no i'm kidding
that's no i i i think dark soccer is crazy like when she told me that she was doing a podcast
she's like oh yeah two o'clock's fine because i got to get up to do another podcast 11 i'm like
and then you're gonna do a 10-hour show you're crazy i did she like she just told me that she
wanted to do like a 12-hour show and be up until two i was like well you've already done 12 hours
it's okay it's true you're on hour 13 if you think about it i mean yeah come on guys let's wrap it up
i want to go to sleep all right i'm trying the the phones will not stop ringing we're still at
what over 100 listeners right now uh not quite okay but i mean for internet radio we're sitting
pretty tonight it's it's crazy it's well a lot of old listeners for some reason have decided to come
back tonight to hear the marathon so it's great hey any stunt to get ratings hey and you know
my companion rob kidman the doctor ish guy he's listening now he's actually he went to sleep
before the show started maybe right after this show started and now he's awake again he said
he's listening so hi rob well hello hello chap um he should call well i oh he can't oh if he
doesn't have skype he can't because the over overseas it's really hard to call the 800 number
it's not really toll-free i'm not sure if he has skype or not so if he does then he should call
you should get on that but yeah i just wanted to call and tell you guys uh wrap it up i'm getting
tired uh we're trying we're we still got a match game to do we're gonna try and get through that
okay all right all right take care tiara kisses kisses tron tron in december yes tron okay tron
all right goodbye tron okay alan you okay you look like you're actually falling asleep over
there are you doing all right i'm doing all right are you okay yeah are you okay if we do match
game or do we need to wrap this shit up because we've made it we promised midnight we made it to
midnight we're dead we don't know of anything else we can pull the plug whenever we want guilt-free
okay just putting that out there you you watch out because then i'll start doing a return of
my old show what shows that pump up the volume oh that one you know you have to give the all
games feedback at some point there are live shows tomorrow like we couldn't you know i think there's
a show i think the first one's at four o'clock pacific so all right you know i really wish
that i could do pump up the volume again i miss it yeah because i used to just put on
whole comedy CDs and leave the house because you're dedicated hey i was live hi you're on
the olr marathon who's this this is sj100 matt it's only what 311 where you're at what's up
not much i'm on vacation right now i'm at uh buddy's lake house
oh okay oh you're at the lake house was sander bullock there
no no that's a good thing all right so what's up a lot of nerds
just a lot of nerds oh god is it like a nerd lake house party are you playing dnd
yeah almost um about or about 20 of us running out of buddies like uh buddy of ours lake house
for the weekend so we basically just brought up all sorts of gaming stuff or not so right
now we got people playing access to analyze upstairs um we got a computer room where we're
just kind of doing land battles of uh how can you not have a computer room in a nerd party
you have to have the computer room are there any dice with more than six sides there
i think so yeah then you're playing dnd we have to we have to send we have so good
stuff to turn we got a lot we got a lot of ballgame stuff i see i see playing all the
classic nerd i actually sent a couple pictures to a mailbag oh you did oh the dark sucker should
open that mailbag is that from you yes oh well then let me because she probably thought it was
spam i didn't i didn't delete it i didn't delete it so let me pull it back up okay
but yeah no we got a lot of gaming stuff good time well what are some of the epic battles that
have taken place at the beach house where you guys stay indoors and play games all days and
don't go to the beach well we all we all got uh starcraft 2 hooked up so we've been doing
you know we have about let's see we've got about 10 computers there like four desktops
most in the rest laptop who's winning tyrann protoss or zerg holy crap a nintendo 64
what oh i just saw the nintendo 64 controller and super nintendo xbox
nba jam on sega cd ah and mortal kombat 2 you're already making me quite proud of you um
wow yeah we tried we tried to play night trap that is so bad it didn't work out too well dear
it's so you have the same drink what's that they took away the wine battles yeah you have
to do it through battle net now it's crazy i don't know why which is horrible yeah because
we got like 10 people playing and it's constantly lagging on a shared connection
oh the room we got it and we got it uh wired connected through a switch so but of course
there's so many of you on it it's lagging of course look at all those nerds is that is that
is that is that you posing in the uh the at the end of the laptop no that's not him no i'm the
one taking the picture oh yeah your friend's doing epic posing all right we're gonna let
you go sj100 matt so we can take one more break and hopefully wrap things up in the next statement
okay buddy all right cool keep trucking guys all right have fun at that tell everyone we said
sup oh yeah all right i have a going buddy rob yeah wait rob what stay black i will i will thank you
all right
all right i'm so sorry to those people that didn't get through like i cannot control that
the skyline is just ringing off the hook tonight but we've got another email we've got to go to
another break all right we'll read the email when we get back from break will we have time
for match game i don't know yeah we we will all right we'll do match game we'll do match game
and then we'll wrap it up because i'm getting tired now all right let's uh do another quick
music break while we save uh the part of the show we've done so far we're up to about another hour
worth of show so we're gonna take a quick quick break we're gonna come back and do the last
segment i think of the marathon and then we're gonna call the night but hey we're moving into
hour 10 will we make 11 idk all right we'll be back right after this with uh more of orange
lounge radio stay tuned welcome back everybody and happy monday to you here at orange lounge radio
september the 6th of 2010 where we are continuing taping the marathon episode of our show i hate my
life and i want to die because i'm getting luby no we're in a 10th hour of broadcasting now we've
been going since two o'clock pacific and it is now 20 after midnight here on the west coast and
we are still going with our show game rob all right we'll do the match game shit all right
we need contestants for the match game the way we're gonna get contestants for the match game
if you want to play the match game you need to type in chat in all caps so i can see you
one time and if you flood you disqualify yourself one time you type i want to play the match game in
all caps and you can play the match game or while we're waiting for people to type i want to play
the match game you can call us on skype right now if you want to be a contestant on the match game
give us a call call on the skype line right now and uh did i connect i think so
so if you want to play the match game give us a call right now on the skype line
all right and we were going to find somebody to play match game with us and it'll be fun
so we're getting some folks in the chat room typing we're still waiting for that call but
we're waiting for the um encoding to go through this probably will be the last segment of the
marathon you guys because it's getting very late all right we got a call on the line hi you're on
uh orange laundry who's this it's tiara again tiara guess what you get to be a contestant on
tonight's match game and then we get to sleep right yes yes okay just making sure all right
all right our skype line's ringing off the hook sorry guys we now have a contestant on the line
now keep in mind the winner gets to plug whatever they want here on the show so all right okay we
do have some people in chat now i'm going to give it like like 10 more seconds um to uh fill up
there with contestants who want to play in chat um but why don't you tell us a little something
about yourself how old how old are you where are you from you're 21 right where are you from
uh yes i'm definitely 21 i'm definitely not older than than 21 right i swears and i'm from
the lovely las vegas and uh any games and tv shows about las vegas they're usually about my life but
i have to kind of moderate them and tell them not to tell all of my secrets at once and um are you
what do you do so since you live in vegas what do you do for a living you're a showgirl right
you're well of course that's the that's only one of two callings that you can be
as a woman in las vegas and what's the other well i shouldn't say but uh i think you know
the answer uh a woman a woman of the night indeed all right there you go all right let's see alan i
need you to pick a number between one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve
one and twelve five one two three four five azhp is gonna play oops stop it wrong show all right
azhp wins in our chat room azhp i gotta start a little thing with him here winner standby
to play standby to win all right wow so he's gonna play over private message there hopefully
he knows how to work the private messaging system or i'm gonna get very frustrated very fast at this
late hour all right now uh tiara have you played do you do you know how the match game works are
you familiar with the match game do you know how this is played i have been in studio when you
have played match game so yes i'm aware why don't you lie and say no so that i have an excuse no i've
never played match game before here's how it works why don't you tell me how it works let me explain
it for you little girl okay the way the match game works we're gonna read a sentence uh tonight we
have three questions we're keeping it short so you can go to bed um and uh every question has a blank
somewhere in it and your job is to match those of us here in studio and if you do for each one
you're gonna get a point so for each match you get one point all right so is dan is dan joining
oh no dan dan's taking oh dance playing chauffeur okay that's good have a good do you want to say
anything listeners dan before we end tonight quickly no okay he's all right stay black all
right okay uh yeah so for every time you match a celebrity you're gonna get a point and your
celebrities tonight you've been listening to them for the past 10 hours dark sakura
and alan what up and bradley yep and me the a-lister all right robs are giggling schoolgirl
that's right i'm the giggling schoolgirl tonight all right here we go question number one tonight
are you ready for question numero uno in video game match game tonight yes all right this usually
we have one question about each host but loki's not here he decided to like go have a baby or
something now he's that guy a's b a zhp you are to send me your answers over private message
capisce all right here it is question number one alan salacious pop okay was very upset to be
missing tomorrow's raid for the guild and warcraft getting crafty he came up with an idea to make the
raid rob he said if you let me go to the raid tomorrow i will blank now don't yell out your
answer you when you when you have an answer and you're ready to go you're gonna say ding okay so
when you have an answer ready to go you're gonna say ding so so let me read that one more time for
you guys alan was very upset to be missing tomorrow's raid for the guild and warcraft
getting crafty he came up with an idea to make the raid rob he said if you let me go to the raid
tomorrow i will blank so think about okay ding okay oh man tiara is very quick at this um i think
i got one ding ding alan you have one yet oh yeah almost oh just listen to music again while he
thinks about his answer totally dig the 70s here ding all right all right yay we got it okay so
here we go kill the music all right uh alan was very upset to be missing tomorrow's raid for the
guild warcraft getting crafty he came up with an idea to make the raid rob he said if you let me
go to the raid tomorrow i will tiara dress as frankenfurter for you dress as frankenfurter for
you all right good we'll see if it's a match let's see what azhp said because you know you're playing
against somebody right now i don't know if he knows yes azhp said if you let me go to the raid
tomorrow i will be on this show again is achp's answer all right let's go around the room and see
if either of you match so we have dress as frankenfurter and be on this show again dark
sakura i will service your hog i was listening to pat noswell i don't know so i don't know what that
means you're a liar sir i don't lie bradley i will scream like a little girl scream like a little
girl if if i let him go to the raid he'll scream like a girl i don't know if that's incentive but
okay i was just thinking i'm saying a different answer but okay that's all right sorry not a
match uh dare i ask alan if you let me go to the raid tomorrow i will pay for your pinkberry pay
for your pinkberry oh not a match and my answer was quote if you let me go to the raid tomorrow i
will buy you pinkberry are you serious look i wrote it down okay that was oh yeah they're meant
to be oh they're so cute there was a boy smooching in this house it was great all right sadly not a
match there it is all right but hey you still have a chance to make it all up on question number two
okay it's still tied the board is tied zero to zero okay so here we go sorry azhp you didn't get
a match either all right here it is question number two you ready jamie what is getting very
excited for her upcoming disneyland trip to see tron i am so excited to go see electronica
exclaim jamie i have everything for my trip packed my money my disney pins and my blank
jamie said i am so excited to go see electronica
and i have everything for my trip packed my money my disney pins and my blank ding
we dinged at the same time too bad you don't get a point for that all right
everybody's saying no ding ding ding did you say ding bradley all right and we have a ding from
achp achp by the way is a model chat room player he's having his answers in very quickly tonight
i'm liking this all right all right um jamie's getting very excited for her trip i have everything
packed my money my disney pins and my tiara hose hose yep bitches and her hose i don't know how you
pack the hose like pantyhose or like my pips and yours oh your whores her hose okay i don't know
how you pack them do you have to use a lot of that like styrofoam stuff all right well you
never know hey it has to be holes in the box all right are you charmin rob are you charmin all
right achp said my money my disney pins and my pink berry all right so let's see if that's
a match we will see let's go around and see so we have my hose and my pink berry no hose that pink
berry all right uh dark sakura i have my money my disney pins and my costume costume are you gonna
be tron girl yes i'll be trying girl awesome and not a match sorry bradley i have everything for
my trip packed my money my disney pins and my light cycle light cycle dude i'm stealing bradley's
answer because i agree with it you can't it doesn't matter it's still not a match and alan
i have my money my disney pins and my shermy shermy would be afraid that might be a match on
hoe i sure sure me is a stanky little hoe bag sometimes she is she is she's a whore for petting
i think that's a half point well i don't i don't know shermy's a whore
okay no sorry sorry tiara judge the judges backstage have issued an order that you are
not to get a half point for that don't judge us all right and my answer is my money my disney pins
and my shermy no i'm kidding i didn't say the same answer my money my disney pins and my glow sticks
oh come on that was hot all right it's all gonna be a party without any hose that's all i'm saying
well because there'll be it's la there's plenty there already i need my bitches
rob i needs my bitches all right all right here it is final final question guys final questions
of the night rob is getting very nostalgic for ddr you know tonight we played a lot of ddr songs
and i'm getting nostalgic for ddr and i think it might be time to finally get a ddr machine for
his apartment but all right i hope you're not upstairs but he has no money i know how i'll make
the money rob thought to himself i'll sell all my blank oh dear rob is getting very nostalgic
for ddr and once the ddr machine in his apartment i know how i'll make the money rob thought to
himself i'll sell all my blank ding ding ding ding
i'm getting yelled at because anaheim is not la and my so cal friend ben is or former so cal
friend ben is yelling at me all right i know how i make the money i'll sell all my blank okay
i'll sell all my blank okay bradley says ding waiting on azhp i think is there now alan did
you ding i dinged yes and i think i hear tiara oh there we go okay we got everybody in all right
here we go uh rob is getting very some of you people in chat are sick you are sick people
i know totally sick your public access show i mean geez oh never all right uh all right
tiara you're first i know how i'll make the money rob thought to himself i'll sell all my
old console ddr games old console ddr games a very practical answer i you're gonna lose i'm
sorry to say the practical answers never work all right no i'm kidding you never know all right uh
azhp says i'll sell all my porn collection all right let's see dark sakura i know how i'll make
the money rob thought to himself i'll sell all my surprise butt sex surprise butt sex
alan how do you feel about that all right i don't care all right bradley i know how i'll make the
money i'll sell all my blood he's just that serious it's it's not the answer but it's the
way he said it like like this is serious business you got blood this is serious business
all right alan i know how i'll make the money i'll sell all my battered hilts battered hilts
hilts warcraft joke i see what you did there good job good job all right and here it is and
i think this is an appropriate final answer i know how i'll make the money rob thought to himself
i'll sell all my dignity yay
sorry not a match oh let's let's let's tally it up listen just just like the
just like the jerry louis telethon oh yeah that's going on yeah that's going right on right now and
i'm sure he's still alive good for him uh let's look at the big tote board drum roll please
the big the big tally is up up zero zero to zero congratulations so it's just like football for
the world cups of soccer yes so i win technically because obviously i'm the best out of all the
zeros all right we'll let you plug something anyway an azhp if you want to send me a private
message i'll plug whatever you want to plug uh what do you want to plug tiara i think i
will plug geek life which is a blog that i run with a couple of other people including dark
sakura it's a geek-life.com we do a lot of geeky stuff sci-fi we have a lot of uh different
interesting uh perspectives on a lot of different stuff like we have a a millet a former military
man who's like interested in tabletop gaming and stuff like that and we have um actually sturlock
does it calm for us where he talks about his experiences as a blind gamer uh rob kidman my
doctor he does a a tech blog every week and uh jamie does some cubicle stuff and geeks in history
and all sorts of cool stuff so it's definitely a cool site to check out all right check that out
geek-life.com and someday when i get motivated there will be video yeah i keep bugging you i
know and i was i so was gonna i actually shot some video last night but not enough to make a full
blog so i'll have to do more later but hey the good news is now that i have this fancy schmancy
iphone 4 i can do the hd video on the go and it's it's actually really good quality i gotta say i'm
not gonna lie good stuff all right it's better than the 400 camera i bought two years ago that's
kind of sad actually i'm kind of sad about that all right tiara good luck with the site have a
good one okay all right thank you bye bye all right and azhp in chat oh i just got it here
uh i am going to uh organizing my 12 000 mp3s because i ordered the new ipod touch 4 have to
plug music brains picard because the program will analyze your mp3 files and attempt to tag them
with the correct title artist and album works even for my mislabeled pop and music albums it's insane
how good it is recommend to anyone what's it called uh music brains picard which is a good
name for it music brains with a z there you go now the person that i know that is the most like anal
retentive about their mp3 collection would be alan so would you ever subject your mp3 collection to
a program like this i'm too ocd to let anything automated affect my mp3 tags yeah i i you would
like i could see that it would like put the space in the wrong place and you'd just be like no
oh yeah if it if it took all of my compilations and unchecked the compilation tag and like a batch
process i would i would die it'd be over yeah what's ever going to happen if that drive died
do you have a backup somehow or what's going to happen a tape backup somehow so far my music
collection is still able to fit onto my mondo giant ipod so so long as i have my ipod i just
keep everything on there and it's yeah all right well i think that's gonna do it for tonight's
episode of orange launch radio but we have 20 more minutes we made it over 10 and a half hours
tonight i hope you guys enjoyed the marathon next year we just have to top it hopefully i won't have
a show the night before or i have to stay up till three in the morning and we can go a little longer
next and dark soccer i won't be taping something in the morning so we're gonna do it after show
rob i still i still this is the after show honey you know you really should play that one song
for x link that was going to be my cage match pick all right i'll play it i'll play this we
fade to black go back to the all games feed but um but um i still have to edit another podcast
i know you do all right all right first off the chatters are yelling because we apparently haven't
been going long enough and to that i say oh my god we've been going for 10 and a half how many
people are connected right now you savages 88 if i'm to believe these numbers i'm looking at
you people i don't know i don't know how the stats work and all that stuff so but thank you
guys no seriously thank you guys for staying up late with us late with us yeah you guys rock but
we're getting kind of delirious and i gotta sleep soon so we gotta i think we're gonna leave us
but we'll be back next week you guys we'll be back next week it's six o'clock pacific
uh right after bobby blackwolf he starts it off at five o'clock pacific and we'll be on at six
o'clock so um that's that's about it we're gonna go around and get everybody's final stop yawning
we're gonna go around and get everybody's final thought uh dark soccer your final thought tonight
bradley thank you for thank you for sticking it out with us tonight especially considering
we didn't play a lot of games but hey uh what's your final thought for us tonight
in hydro thunder hurricane on the last level of the area 3051 at the first waterfall in the
building go up actually stop there and turn back and go up under the waterfall you'll fall into
the abyss and it's fun the abyss awesome um my final thought is i'm i i actually don't want to
taco tonight like i just want to go home and sleep like it's just after our daily you bastard alan
your final thought of the night pink berry yay i wish they were still open but they're not
we'll go get we'll go to there tomorrow at 7 45 okay okay all right uh that's it you guys i'm
sorry everybody's like come on 20 more minutes come on go you guys really wait wait wait wait
what let me look at the chat what tell them no just type n o period it's very easy you have to
learn how to say no all right you give them 10 and a half hours and it's still not good enough
all right dark soccer is now yelling at chat thank you dark soccer
i i i would almost say this is like the longest program in the history of all games but i actually
don't think that's true like i actually think all games interactive went longer one week i really
do i think they went for like 12 or 13 when we have to beat those bitches well next year next
year we will and we say that endearingly i don't want anyone i don't want somebody running back
something the old times radio was calling you guys bitches we love you bitches all right i
call everyone my bitches that's right um thank you guys so much for staying up late with us and uh if
you like orange lounge radio you like what you've heard you want to support crazy ass independent
podcasting um tell a friend about our show or about at least the all games network if nothing
else you know help spread the word about independent podcasting because there's a lot of
people that work hard to bring this stuff to you guys leave the stream on while we sleep that's
creepy shut up all right it'd be like sleep talking man it's cake o'clock all day long just
help us spread the word about orange launch radio tell two friends about the show help us spread the
word and that's really all we ask that's all we want and if you didn't like our show if you
thought we sucked then well first off screw you no i'm just kidding the second off tune into
another show at all games radio because there's lots of talented folks there that talk about
other games and maybe you know we didn't know the answer to the infamous two question we don't know
a lot about sports games but i guarantee you there's other shows in the network that will be
able to answer those like that so uh check that out at the all games network all games dot com
hey cyberbeast was to sing us the the national anthem of belgium oh no he's gonna plug us on
national radio in belgium that's awesome i totally misread can we get a tape of that somehow yeah i
really want want to hear i know i want to hear that that's gonna be awesome thanks you guys dude
we're big in belgium david hasselhoff look out they can listen to us while they eat their waffles
while i eat their waffles like that line from singles to paraphrase we are loved in belgium
that's awesome thank you guys so much you you guys are great and just the fact that so many of you
like i okay i'm can be honest i thought this was gonna be like the dumbest show we've ever done
like really like i was like oh god by the time midnight rolls around we're gonna just gonna be
lying on the floor going home i'm dying or or looking at a video game on the screen with just
all this dead air and video game noise but it actually has been a really fun and productive
show and you guys have really helped us through it with your calls and your chats and your tweets
so they it it we it really was with your guys help so he's gonna record it what record what
oh the did you just forget already no i didn't know who said what okay say cyber beast Belgium
guy is gonna record is our belgium buddy all right now i know i appreciate it all right i
can't go to sleep yet i got shit to do are we out is that it good night fade to black let's go i
guess we're gonna play the credits thank you so much for tuning in to orange lounge radio
we'll see you next week let's do it again next week what do you say
you've been listening to orange lounge radio orange lounge radio is an orange lounge production
to join us for a live show visit www.allgames.com sunday nights at 6 p.m pacific time the views and
opinions expressed on orange lounge radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of
orange lounge radio or all games.com but we're probably right anyway see you next week you
