Today, September 5th, 2010, the 360 is set to get a new controller.
News from PAX includes the return of a long forgotten game franchise, and could comic
books be coming to the PS3?
Hello everybody out there on the internet, and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge
Radio.
We are that show where every gamer has a voice, and joining you over the next several, many,
long hours.
My name is Rob Roberts, sometimes going by Skye in our chatroom and so forth.
Joining me as always, say hello to the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Hi.
How are you?
I'm on podcast number two for the day.
I know, yes.
You're having quite the podcasting day, but we'll get to that in a minute.
But we also have to introduce the one and only tech master, Loki.
Hello.
How are you?
I'm good.
I made an observation this morning, I was trying to confirm.
What is that?
I don't know if anybody remembers the guy, Reginald Vell-Johnson.
You may remember him.
Was he the dad on Family Matters?
He was the dad on Family Matters.
Oh!
Dude, I'm a pop culture sponge!
Anyways, I was watching Ghostbusters today because they were playing it on Comedy Central,
and he was a cop in that.
I'm like, how many fucking movies and shows has he been a damn police officer in?
Because he's always a goddamn police officer in everything.
Quite a few, actually.
Die Hard 1, Die Hard 2, and Ghostbusters, as well as Family Matters.
And of course I'd have to go through the rest of these to figure out which ones of these
he's actually a police officer, but it just has his name on there.
But it's just weird.
Orange Round Studio.
Talk about...
I know, what has he done lately?
Can we get him on the show, maybe, to do some voiceovers?
He was also in Die Hard Vendetta, the video game, as his character.
Oh, hey!
Oh, bringing it back to games.
There you go.
Love it.
Alright.
Over the next many hours, we are going to be talking about video games.
Look, it is a, if you haven't heard, it's a special episode today, tonight, and so forth.
We decided that, and I don't know why we decided this, it was really just one of those kind
of random things, because we like to do that around here, that we're going to broadcast
as long as we can today.
We're actually having an early start, so we are live at All Games Radio.
We do tape live every Sunday at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com, right after the Bobby
Black Wolf show, usually.
But today it's 2 o'clock Pacific, 5 o'clock Eastern, and we're starting to show a little
bit early, because the plan is...
It's 10 o'clock in England.
We're going to go, yeah, 10 at night.
So finally we're getting kind of an earlier show in for them, so I hope some folks overseas
are listening too.
But we're going to actually try to go late tonight.
I don't know how late.
The goal is midnight.
We might go longer.
We might go not as long.
I don't know, but we'll see.
So we're doing the marathon episode.
Why?
Because we can.
Why not?
It's not, it's not a fundraiser for anything.
I mean, you should donate to charities, you know, do good in your life, that, but we're
just doing this for fun, because everybody else is at some freaking convention this weekend,
so we're having a little mini festival of our own.
We do have some guests joining us in the studio here today.
I don't know how long they'll be with us.
I think he'll be with us the whole time.
Say hello to Salacious Pop or Alan.
Hello.
How are you?
Much better than last time.
Really?
What was wrong last time?
I had food poisoning when I was on the show.
Oh, that's right.
You were recovering from the Reno trip.
Yes.
But you're feeling much better today.
Yes.
All right.
Yeah, I was a little worried about that, because we're doing this marathon today.
We didn't really plan it out very well.
It's just like, hey, let's broadcast for 12 hours.
Okay.
You know, oh, when are we going to eat?
So I don't know.
Hopefully Dan is going to be back at some point where we'll be able to kind of rotate
in and out.
So learn with us here at Orange Lounge Radio tonight.
Just order a pizza.
Just put the pizza guy on the show.
So talk about games.
And he's like, I'm going to get fired.
Yeah.
You know what?
If it wasn't that Dan couldn't have the sodium, we could totally just do a take and bake.
Send Dan off to be our errand boy.
Good times.
Get a Papa Murphy's.
Good times.
Also joining us, say hello to Bradley, our KDN 42.
You said there'd be surprises.
I'm the first one.
All right.
How are you?
You were on the show a couple months ago, but then like before that, you weren't on
for like a couple years.
I was on a few months ago.
I don't remember.
I thought you were.
Oh, well.
I think the last time I was on was at your house that you were at.
Oh, that was a while ago.
I thought for some reason.
Oh, well.
Whatever.
I think you maybe mentioned me, because I was here for her party or something before
that.
That might have been it.
That might have been it.
And then I popped in the chat room like once or twice.
There you go.
Well, what's new with Bradley?
What are you up to?
Well, I hadn't been playing any games since last week, because I was on the road.
I did like a seven-day trip of national parks.
You do a lot of that.
You do a lot of like, I'm just going to get my car and drive until I run out of gas type
of thing.
Yeah.
Right?
So what are some of the like awesome places you've been to?
I went to Yellowstone, and then I went after that was also Grand Teton, because you have
to go through that if you're in one of the directions.
Then the next one was Theodore Roosevelt, which I just kind of drove around.
And also the next day was Rocky Mountain, where you go up like 12,000 feet when driving.
Then Arches, which have all the natural arches in it, and Canyonlands, which is a big canyon.
Also was, what's the next one after that, was Coral Reef, or Capitol Reef.
Bradley, I'm thinking you should just be a park ranger.
Like can't you see Bradley is a park ranger?
Like I could totally see that.
He'd just be in his cabin during the winters with the Xbox, and what have you.
Good time.
Actually, now, let me give a little background on Orange L'Angereo.
Since we have a lot of extra time today, I can kind of do that for the people who haven't
listened in a very, or who are just now listening, or you haven't heard this story because you
haven't told it in a long time.
Here's what Orange L'Angereo is all about.
We've been broadcasting for about eight years, right?
Over eight years?
I lost count at some point.
It's almost coming up on nine years, but we've been broadcasting about eight years.
Dark Soccer, myself, and Loki all met at a local arcade, and actually Bradley was a part
of this too, all playing Dance Dance Revolution.
We all just got sucked into this game, and it was this whole little like culture and
scene for a time, and there were websites that just got so much traffic when these games
were really at their peak, at least as far as I can tell.
Things like DDR Freak and Spot and so forth.
DDR's still around, but the culture isn't quite the same as it used to be back in my
day, but we decided to start a show about DDR and Dance Dance Revolution and that whole
scene, and that's the way the show was for about the first, what, about three, four years
we were doing that?
Then when podcasting came around, we got into doing that.
We used to do a spinoff show.
It was a spinoff show of our main show about just video games in general, and then that
kind of took off and ended up kind of taking over the DDR part when music games and so
forth were not so popular anymore, so we kind of just built this show around a community,
and that is really what our show is all about at the end of the day, is that after these
long DDR nights at Golfland or wherever we were at, we would go have dinner at a local
restaurant and just talk smack about video games and sometimes each other, so that's
kind of what we tried to bring to the show here.
We like to call ourselves the show where every gamer has a voice.
Since the very beginning, we've always tried to incorporate chat, and this is before podcasting
was really huge.
We tried to incorporate all of this into our show.
I like to think we were one of the first shows that did take calls over Skype, and it's kind
of interesting now that that is the way a lot of podcasts do their whole shows now is
over Skype, so it was kind of neat to be... I don't know if we were the first.
We were definitely one of the first to do that, so that was kind of cool to be on the
cutting edge of that.
So we try to get on the Twitters and the Facebooks and chat and all the ways that you guys can
interact with us, and give us your opinion.
It's because we're technologically able.
We have the technology.
We can repair something.
Something something.
All right.
So anyway, the reason why I give that background is that we all kind of bring different things
to the table.
We all like different types of games.
For instance, Dark Sakura, she does the classic game of the week here on the show every week
because she has a vast brain full of useless video game trivia and these obscure ass import
games, even I don't hear of ever, so that's kind of her background, right?
Is that the kind of fair assessment?
Yeah.
Yeah.
And then Loki... Speaking of random trivia, he has been in
nine different shows or series playing a law enforcement officer.
Granted, the one in Ghostbusters, he was a prison guard, but God damn it, that's close
enough.
So, nine different series or movies or...
Don't you have to be an officer to be a prison guard?
It's still a law enforcement job, so... But yeah, that's a lot.
He's just really typecast, so... Anyways, enough talking about him.
I'm not going to talk about him anymore.
Promise?
Promise.
You're going to have a good 12 hours to do so.
I know you're not staying the whole time, but all right.
Anyway, Loki is kind of... I see him as more of like our tech hack crack.
If there's a way to break the game, he will kind of guy.
He was the guy that probably bought a game genie as soon as they were out to see how
he could screw up the game.
I bought one, though.
Would that be kind of a fair assessment of what you're all about?
Sure.
All right.
And then me, I don't know.
I grew up on Commodore 64 and all the old school games, so I like to think of myself
as kind of like a retro-y gamer as well, but I like a lot of new stuff, too.
I think lately it's been MMOs.
I've played a lot of them, and a lot of computer games, too.
I mean, not all of them, but I try to do them, so I'm just kind of a little bit of everything.
And then the reason why I kind of lay all that out is I want to ask Bradley, what types
of games do you bring... What's your gaming background?
What do you like, what are your likes and dislikes in gaming?
Generally, I play a lot... Most types of games, other than that, maybe sports.
I don't really play sports all that much.
I play them a little bit, but not that much.
I play mostly puzzle games, played RPGs, I used to play those a lot more than I do now
just because I don't have the time to play a long form like that.
Adventure games, and so on.
Cool deal, cool deal.
I always think it's a bad idea when people go around saying, I hate all sports games,
or I hate sports video games.
Sports video games are crap.
A lot of people on this show, it may not be the preference of the types of games we play
most of the time, but I think it would be a lie to say I hate all sports games, because
I love NBA Jam, and I love that it's coming back as an awesome game.
I have a way to make it very nice and simple for you.
It's just like racing games, how you have your arcade racing games, which are fun to
play, and your simulation racing games, which require you to be able to drive and tune a
car with the same precision that you would a real car.
You hate simulation sports games.
You do arcade style sports games, though.
That actually makes a lot of sense, because... And then over there, those folks, usually
it's like, oh, well, I hate all those Japanese RPGs.
There's too much of the same stuff, but maybe I'll play Final Fantasy.
I'll play that one that is kind of out in the mainstream, or music games.
A lot of people are like, that arrow stomping, no, what is that?
That Japanese ravy techno music?
What is that?
What is that?
And I sort of see that as the hardcore music games.
BeatMania 2DX is a hardcore music game, but I'm sure everybody has enjoyed Guitar Hero
at least once.
A rock band, at a party, drunk.
So it's kind of interesting.
This ties into an email.
I don't recommend DDR drunk.
Well, it can be fun.
Until you hit your head.
Responsibly.
We had an email on the show last week that kind of got me thinking about all this, was
the whole, my friend says I'm not a gamer because I don't play X, Y, and Z. Remember
that?
I've been thinking about that email a lot this week, and just like, A, where does your
friend get off telling you that?
Anyway.
All right.
Yeah, well, your friend's a butt.
Let's get into how we always like to start off the show here at Orange Lounge Radio even
though we're, what, like 12 minutes in now.
How was your gaming week?
What kind of video games have you been playing this week, and how were they?
Dark Soccer, how was your gaming week?
It was kind of not, because I've, it's been a busy week for me.
I had school, and I had my visit to the mikvah on Thursday.
My conversion went through.
I am now the official Jew of Orange Lounge Radio.
Congrats!
Although, SSJ100Matt is probably very upset about his title being stripped, and his tiara.
I'm the host.
Okay, you guys can also be, you can be the official co-Jews.
Yes, they can be your, like, it's his yarmulke being stripped.
They can be your harem of Jews.
I don't know what you would call that.
They can be my posse.
All right, your posse.
And anyway, my chavahra.
That's it.
Anyway, so yeah, that happened, and it was really great, and then I had to go talk in
front of people on Friday.
But I played some Star Trek Online, and I had to go because Dan came home, and it was,
I don't know, I played a little bit, not a lot, just some.
And oh, oh, oh, oh, my anniversary was on Wednesday, my fifth anniversary, so Dan got
me this instead of a rose, so it was three ambitions.
And isn't that much better than a rose?
Yeah, he also wrote me a note that said, in fact, here it is, I'll put it up on the thing,
it's on my Facebook right now.
Sorry I didn't get you a rose, I thought you would like this more, I love you, D.
Aww.
I'll take a picture and put it on the thing.
That's sweet.
Yeah.
You should gush about him while he's not here to defend himself, it's really cute.
Because, you know, he has to be a manly man when he's here on the show, but.
I wish Dan would stop leaving his underwear in the hall.
Okay, let's move on to Loki, how was your gaming week?
My gaming week was pretty slim, I played more Grand Theft Auto, Lost and Damned, still fun.
And I played a few other things that I probably shouldn't be talking about, but I don't care,
because I'm not under any sort of NDA.
So I got my dev kit this week for the Xbox, you know, my Xbox 360 dev kit, and to be honest
it's not as exciting as I would have thought it would have been, because the network that
should not be named, that has partner in it, really only has Xbox Live Arcade games and
download content that they're testing, so there's a few games on there that haven't
really been leaked out for JTAG users and that kind of stuff, so I got to play a few
different Xbox Live Arcade games that aren't out yet, that are actually kind of cool.
So one of them that I played was Bonk, apparently they're remaking Bonk, from Bonk's Adventure,
the old TurboGrafx game, and it's okay, it's kind of done along the lines of how they did
the Hudson Adventure Island remake.
It's okay, but the one thing that they kind of took out of it that really made Bonk, Bonk,
is his giant head.
His head is now a little bit more proportioned to his body, which really sucks, because it
has the same type, like when you're climbing a wall before in Bonk's Adventure, he used
to use his teeth.
Well, in this, he's still biting the wall, but he also looks like he's climbing, so it
doesn't make any sense why he's biting the wall.
I don't remember a new Adventure Island game, was that on the Wii or something?
It was on the Wii.
Huh.
It was, I think it was a WiiWare game.
Nice.
But it wasn't very good.
Oh, okay.
That's too bad.
And this one's kind of just okay, but I don't know, it looks like it might be pretty fun,
I didn't play a whole lot of it, just a few levels, but it's alright.
It's just, I really wish they'd left his head in, you know, really big, oh, they don't really
have to change too much, just use like, just clean up the sprites a little bit, and go
from there, I mean.
The last Adventure Island game I remember playing that I just absolutely loved was Super
Adventure Island on the Super Nintendo, I don't know if you guys ever played this game,
but I think one of the reasons I really loved that game was the soundtrack to that game
was amazing.
And it turns out Yuzo Koshiro was the guy that did the soundtrack for that, and if you
don't know him, he's done a lot of awesome game music.
He does like the Wangan, Midnight, Maximum Tune, a lot of those soundtracks.
I believe he did Actraiser, like yeah, he did the original Actraiser, Streets of Rage
2, Shinobi, I mean he's done so many like awesome soundtracks, so he's just, he's like
one of my favorite gaming musician guys.
Other things that I tried playing, Super Meat Boy was up there, but the version that they
have on Partner Net is broken, it doesn't go past the main menu because you can move
the cursor around on the menu, but no button that you press will actually allow you to
start the game, which kinda sucked, because I wanted to play that.
And then, what else did I play, there was one other game I played, it was a dancing
game that's coming out actually, yeah, Dance It's Your Stage, which we'll be talking about
coming out next week.
It's terrible, it's really, really bad, and I don't know, I'm not too familiar with the
game itself, but I think based off the music that I saw on there, and that guy looks like
a total douche, I believe it's, it says it's a port of a German Wii game, I think it's
based off of, yeah, it's based off of a TV show.
That's so strange that they're bringing it here then, does it have David Hasselhoff in
it then that you can dance to?
No, but the music though in it is just not good.
That's really the only thing that kinda sucks.
The gameplay itself isn't very good either because it's got two kind of, two areas where
I guess steps or directions will go down, but it's not like DDR or something where one
column's up, one column's down, etc.
It's mixed all over the place, and so you may have up in like the left column, then
up in the right column, and it gets really confusing when it's going really fast, and
then also the music's very, very, very, very terrible, so I really don't recommend picking
it up, not that many people probably would have next week anyways, but it is a terrible
game.
Very, very, very terrible game.
Is it bad?
It's very bad.
I wasn't sure.
It's terra-bad.
It's terra-bad.
Terra-bad.
What else did I play?
Oh yeah, one other, I played a cave shooter game, and I'm gonna butcher the name, I believe
it was called like Guranji or something like that, I don't know, it's just from memory
there.
Anyways, it's your typical cave shooter games, really, I guess, I don't really know the premise
of it because it was all in Japanese, but you can control kind of like a god deity thing
that's helping you out, and I don't know, it's just like all the other cave shmup games,
but that'll become the Xbox Live Arcade in Japan very soon I believe.
Not sure about over here.
Hopefully over here though.
Awesome.
That's fun.
Alright, that it?
Piggy mooing?
That is it.
I'm gonna be looking forward to your sneak peeks every week now of new stuff coming out
until you get shut down.
Yeah, until the console gets banned off, banned off PartnerNet.
Not that, usually when they would ban the consoles it's not, it's actually worse than
like if you got banned off live because when they ban your console they blow all the e-fuses
and it makes your console very broken.
Wow.
But.
That's kind of evil.
But the person that sold me the console took out the resistor that allows, you know, those
e-fuses to be blown, so if they ban me from PartnerNet, the console will be just fine.
That's kind of, that's like Mission Impossible where it's like this message will self-destruct
in 30 seconds.
Yeah, but here's the thing, you know, it's, if I got banned from PartnerNet I probably
wouldn't care because here I thought there was gonna be like, you know, actual beta tests
of games and stuff like that.
That's not the case.
And I could definitely see why they don't do that because people would be leaking that
crap left and right and even still with some of the arcade games people leak them out there
and you know, that's got to suck for them, but I don't know.
There's some neat stuff on there.
The whole fall lineup of stuff that we'll probably be covering later on is up there.
So some of it's pretty cool.
I played a little bit of Comic Jumper.
That was kind of neat, but really, really briefly checked it out, so.
All right.
Let's go to our chat room at chat.orangetonstrady.com, the always present fourth guest on the show,
although we really have like five people in the studio tonight, but who's counting?
Chat.orangetonstrady.com is where you can share your comments and we'll read them here
on air.
We'll start off tonight the marathon with a comment from Spazinator who is talking about
the soundtracks because I was talking about Yuzuru Koshiro a little bit ago, says, in
my opinion, the OSTs for Killer Instinct, Actraiser, Super Castlevania IV, and Mr. Bones
have the best music.
Those are all some really good soundtracks, although I don't know Mr. Bones.
What system was that on?
Is that PSN or something?
I think it was a PS3 and or a PSP game, but I know it came out on one of the Sony systems.
It was the skeleton guy.
Oh, okay.
You remember?
Well, hence the name Mr. Bones.
Yeah.
I think I might have it somewhere.
Okay.
The Killer Cuts CD that you got when you pre-ordered Killer Instinct on SNES was amazing.
Yes it was.
Hours and hours played in high school.
It wasn't necessarily a pre-order either.
I just went into Montgomery Wards back in the day and bought mine and I said, where's
my CD?
Nice.
I would say one of my favorites was not actually from the game at all, but was the soundtrack
to the Mortal Kombat motion picture because that CD was awesome.
Mortal Kombat.
Test your mind.
I have that song somewhere off the plate on break.
All right.
Anyway, let's move on to my gaming week.
I'll talk quickly about this.
Now, was that the Mortal Kombat game soundtrack?
No, the actual movie soundtrack was awesome.
Yeah, the Mortal movie soundtrack was awesome, but remember the one that they did for the
game?
Less awesome.
Oh, come on.
That was very awesome.
It was so awesome.
We used to play Keys or That soundtrack.
And Spaznator is clarifying in chat that Mr. Bones was a Sega Saturn game.
That was it.
Are you thinking about the Ghosts and Goblins kind of game that was on...
Nevermind.
Let's see.
We got a lot of other comments in chats here.
Oh.
What?
Sorry.
I was going to add one more thing to my gaming week.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's not really my gaming week yet, but it will be.
Unless you haven't read my Twitter, I will be getting an iPod touch.
Now, I know what you're thinking, this goes against my total hatred of Macs.
Wrong.
And really Apple in general.
Well, I kind of gotten blinded by the whole hating Macs because iPods are not Macs.
iPods are their own thing.
They're actually...
Sure, rationalize it however you can, Loki.
It's the backpedal express.
Choo choo.
To be fair, I didn't pay for this with my own money, so...
I think that's what it really is.
If he's being given them, how can he say no?
I mean, they are still great MP3 players and stuff.
No, I think they're decent MP3s.
Well, I don't really give a crap about playing MP3s, but...
Other game systems now, too, really.
Yeah.
But, you know, if they gave me the gift card and said you have to spend it on a Mac computer,
I think I'd have issues, but...
I'm fine with the new iPod.
But you're not going to be pre-ordering the Apple TV anytime soon.
Oh, fuck no.
I don't care.
Because there was a big Apple thing this week, and it actually involved gaming.
We'll get into that a little later, and we'll get more of Loki's thoughts at that point.
I want to read some more comments from chat, because chat is talking about other gaming
soundtracks.
Haseo Sumiragawa, I hope I said that right, says Final Fantasy X soundtrack for the win.
And let's see, Redertainment says the music from Brutal Legend was awesome.
Too bad they never released a formal original soundtrack for that game.
And then Cyberbeast, I love this, chimes in with, Daytona.
You know what game actually had, well, one of the little side soundtracks that they did
was Final Fantasy Prey and Celtic Moon.
Oh yeah.
Those were both gorgeous arrangements of the music.
Was Prey the one that was all piano?
Because there's one where all the songs were piano.
It was the lady singing.
Okay.
Well, there's a third.
It had a lot that was on piano, but Celtic Moon was all the, you know, Celtic style.
Right, right.
Good stuff.
Yeah.
All right.
All right.
We'll be keeping an eye on chat throughout the night.
Chat at orangesongsradio.com.
Amaysatsuma says, Loki, your soul is mine.
Love, Steve Jobs.
There you go.
I haven't spent the gift card on something.
It was either that or, like, a bunch of the nanos.
And what the hell would I do with a bunch of nanos or a bunch of the shuffles or whatever?
Well, I was telling Loki that here in California, there's actually a state law.
A lot of people don't know this.
But if you get a gift card, like, let's say somebody gives you a target card, or no, I
got one that's a lot more practical.
Somebody gives you a Walmart card for Christmas, and it's like, you know, 50 bucks or what
have you.
And you're like, ew, I don't like Walmart.
I'm not going to shop at Walmart ever.
You can actually take that gift card in and get the cash value of the card back.
There's actually a law in the books here.
I don't know what other states have that, but it's here.
But what a lot of companies do sometimes is that if they're buying these cards in bulk,
then there's a discount on them.
Like, you know, if a company buys $55 Starbucks cards to give away as an incentive, they might
reduce the cost of that.
So that way they have no cash value.
They're not really gift cards.
They're like coupons.
And so then you can't do that.
So it really depends if someone paid full cash value up front or not.
Yeah.
So.
All right.
And Zebo wants to know how you got the gift card.
What did you do?
Was it a present?
I don't know if you can talk about it.
No, I can talk about it.
It's not really anything I did.
It's actually what our video reps did.
Our video reps, they do sales incentives with Sony for various titles throughout the year.
And we've gotten a bunch of things actually from Sony and thankfully they do include us
game reps, even though we have nothing to do with this in on the little spiff.
So like, for example, we've gotten a Sony HDTV.
We've gotten a surround sound system, a camcorder, and they got a PlayStation 3.
I wasn't included on that, but don't care, I already have one.
And then we're going to be getting probably later on this year a Sony style card for $500.
So they actually gave us a $500 card for Apple.
Apparently they just said, eh, screw it, we don't care about the PSP, you know.
We give up.
Buy Apple.
You know?
So I think they're just trying to mix it up.
Tiara suggested that you could buy a bunch of shuffles and throw them like ninja stars.
No, I decided, because I'm nice and a wonderful husband and stuff, I bought myself an iPod.
The new iPod touch, eight gig, one for myself and one for my wife.
To which she's like, what am I going to do with that?
I'm like, God, I should have just spent it.
Put Bejeweled on it for her.
I was going, she doesn't care.
She's like, I can play Bejeweled online.
And she, you know, I'm like, well, you can browse the internet with that.
Well, can I just browse the internet anywhere or do I have to be on wifi?
Well, you have to be on wifi.
Well, that's stupid.
I'll just use my computer here.
Does Apple make diapers?
Because we could use those right now.
You should, you should sell it and get the money so we can put it in our savings account.
That's always the answer for stuff.
So you know, the next time, like when we get that Sony style card, she isn't getting shit.
That's all mine.
Then again, though, I don't know what the hell I'd get from Sony style for $500 because
Nelly sounds like my mother.
It's just her Jewiness, I guess.
Oh, wait, wait.
Dark soccer can officially be offended by that now.
I'm not offended.
She will just, she will just become more frugal.
That's yeah.
Yes.
I'm well aware.
Robot unicorn attack is on the app store.
I was just going to read that comment for Jay Dizzle and Jeff.
I will probably be downloading it.
Actually.
I want to download Mirror's Edge because that looks pretty awesome.
I have it on my phone.
If you want to look at it.
No.
The robot unicorn attack.
All right.
Anyway.
Look, he's like, I don't care.
I don't care.
All right.
Let me talk about my gaming week.
Um, my gaming week.
I actually didn't play a whole lot of new stuff.
Most of the same old, same old.
I will talk about one new thing I played.
I got to, uh, get a sneak peek at something.
Just like, look, he did.
I got to play World of Warcraft Cataclysm, the beta for that, uh, at least for a little
bit.
It worked for like a morning and then I couldn't get in all day yesterday.
So, um, Alan watched me play this too.
It was cool.
I rolled a Worgen and leveled it through about the first six levels and Worgen are very,
they seem really cool to me.
Like I, I think that the Blizzard went all out making their new, uh, race is pretty cool
because the Worgen, you know, they're all kind of like British people.
They all, they all talk like British people and you know, have the accents and everything.
And then it's just awesome because like right when you start it, like werewolves are attacking
and they're all over and it actually feels like a really bad like horror movie or something.
I don't know.
It was cool.
But yeah, go ahead.
I'll say, well, Gilneas is very Victorian, very 1800s and when, uh, Rob found a female
MPC and clicked on her, she said something and he's like, oh, they sound like the Spice
Girls.
Yes, they do.
So, uh, you know, I was, I was having fun with that and I leveled through about six
levels and I actually got to the part where you get, you actually turn into a werewolf,
but it's so great because in the beta right now it actually says there will be a movie
here where you transform into a Worgen and then it just warps you to the post movie place,
which I thought was really cool.
But there's just some awesome quests.
Like they're really starting to ramp up some of the quests.
Like let me tell you what my favorite quest I did was one where you have to go around
and you collect barrels and when you collect the barrels and you have to walk up to the
giant fat abomination creatures and you put the barrel on its head and then your character
will yell fire and then the camera zooms back in a seamless motion and it goes back up to
where you started the quest and there's a guy there with a gun and it shows him aiming
it at the barrel and pulling the trigger and you watch the bullet fly with the camera and
it hits the bullet and the abomination is saying something like, oh, me worried.
And then the bullet hits the barrel, which is filled with gunpowder and the dude explodes
and chunks go everywhere.
It's awesome.
And I was like, it sounds like fun.
It's getting hardcore.
I'm liking this stuff.
So and apparently I didn't play the goblin area yet, but apparently they have like a
highway through the goblin town and there's like all these like car racing, Mario Kart
type quests.
So they're getting crazy with all the different quests they have in the games.
I've heard it called Grand Theft Azshara because of all the little cars.
That's awesome.
So yeah, I know the, the crack is, is, is saying your name, dark Sakura.
I actually, I was just thinking that something that would be fun is if I play Sims all throughout
the show and have a house built by the end of the show, if you want, if you want to go
or started at five or I'll log into Star Trek online.
All right.
No, no, no, no, no.
I wouldn't do that.
I don't know.
Honestly guys, I don't know what we're going to do once the regular show is over.
We're going to fill seven hours of radio somehow.
We'll figure it out.
We get there.
Uh, but that was really the only new thing I played this week was, was the cataclysm
beta.
That was one of the new 80 stuff.
Cause like I said, I played it once and I was waiting for my character to copy over
and it wasn't there yet.
And then I wasn't able to get back in.
I don't know if there's a problem with my account or what's going on.
So I'll just have to figure it out later.
So, uh, but yeah, Worgen thumbs up for me, that was a fun little opening quest.
I always like it and to see some of this new stuff, but I gotta be careful how much of
it I play because I don't want to ruin the actual release.
But luckily a lot of it is still really janky.
Like there's missing textures in some places and you know, a lot of like odd things, you
know, so the, the full release will still be good.
Speaking of janky, um, did, uh, the final fantasy 11 or not 11, might as well be 11
cause it sucks.
Uh, no, the final fantasy 14 beta, the open beta start this week.
I don't remember.
Sort of, but a lot of people are having problems getting in.
I guess you have to actually register for the open beta and they're only letting so
many people in at a time.
That's not closed beta.
That's stupid.
I'm hearing they're having a lot of problems.
It's either limiting the amount of people that can play the beta, just like the time.
I got an email inviting me to the open beta and I saw like the next morning or whatever
and I didn't bother signing up for it cause I don't care.
But on my Facebook, a lot of people, I guess they've got the same email and we're saying
that once you click through on the email, it was only open for like an hour of signups
and then they reclosed it.
So it's.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That games, that games in a lot of trouble.
Uh, I'm, I'm worried they, they, they really, if they're smart, they're going to push back
the release of that game and not try to release it.
But it might be too late now.
I don't know.
Uh, but also speaking of release dates, playing this world of Warcraft beta got me thinking.
I don't think it's coming out this year.
Like I know Blizzard has swore up and down that they're going to try and get it out this
year.
Uh, if they make this year, mid December is like the earliest you're going to see this
game.
It'll be out before Christmas.
It's going to be mid December.
Then it had like you when you say before Christmas, you mean like two weeks before before Christmas
because they've already sent out a map notice, um, saying that their map, um, stuff's ending
on the 25th.
Really?
I feel like there's a lot left still of, um, I mean, that can change it doesn't really
matter that they sent out that notice, but I'm just saying that right now that's what
they're saying is that it's going to be out before Christmas.
Well, they're probably waiting to announce the actual release date at Blizzcon, but I'm,
I'm thinking mid December because there's still all this stuff they got to do.
They've got to do the actual patch for Cataclysm, which will probably be about three weeks before
the game releases.
They've got to do the world event that leads up to the Cataclysm, which is a good, you
know, another three weeks.
They've got to do one more patch still of the taking of Nomur, Nomurgan and, uh, Echo
Islands.
You know, that still has to happen too.
So there's still a good 10 weeks of plot content that has to happen before the game can come
out.
So there's only so much time left, so we'll see.
All right.
Um, let's move on to our guests and their gaming weeks.
Uh, Alan, how was your gaming week?
Um, pretty boring.
Same old, same old, uh, maybe an hour or two of Zuma's Revenge.
Revisited that.
A lot of fun.
And then just a lot of wow.
No real developments there.
What's your big wow accomplishments lately?
Um, I got enough rep with the Oracles to buy their stupid egg that hatches once a week
to try and get the mount from it.
That's about it.
Good times.
Very boring.
Good times.
All right.
Any other games that you like to play regularly outside of wow, just so the listeners don't
think you play wow all time, all the day, although that may be what you actually do.
That's really it.
That's it.
Yeah.
Come on.
Puzzle Quest 2.
I've talked about that before.
Um, Zuma's Revenge.
Like I just said, I played Peggle on your phone, your new iPhone 4 that we got last
week.
Peggle is crack.
Yeah.
Peggle is really awesome.
All right.
Um, some of our listeners are saying the stream is skipping.
I don't know what's going on, but, uh, with a 12 hour show, I'm sure it's going
to be a problem through a lot of it, but just to remind everybody in studio, whatever bandwidth
you got to make sure.
I did forget to close my torrents, so I just closed them.
Uh ohs.
Okay.
There you go.
All right.
Maybe that'll help.
So we'll see.
Um, if it still is skipping in about 10 minutes, I'll try rebooted the stream.
But meanwhile, I think I kind of asked Bradley about his game a week and he said he was doing
mostly traveling, but I'll ask again if there's anything you want to throw out there, Bradley.
Okay.
So there was no games this week, but I want to go with my last week because I was playing
a bunch of games then I played, uh, played the shadow complex that was, that's a fun
game.
That was for last year's summer arcade.
I've actually bought all the ones for this year, even though just mainly because I bought
the four of them.
So I bought Monday night combat as well.
I played through the demo and it's a game I probably might pay a little bit, but it's
not one I'd play a lot because one of those team based combat games I'm not a big on,
but, uh, uh, Castlevania HD, I didn't play that last week, but I've played through the,
through the game on that.
And that's fun.
It's, it's kind of one thing that, yeah, as you said on one of the previous podcasts was
that, uh, it was kind of weird because it's like you have a 30 minute time limit limit
to find the boss and get it done.
And that, that, that makes it kind of difficult because if you screw up somewhere like 22,
like you're 29 minutes in, you're trying to kill the boss and you run out of time, you
have to do the whole level again.
So that kind of makes it hard for a one player when you do the single player.
Plus it's sometimes hard to find the damn boss.
Like I get lost in those maps, like, because they change every game somehow like little
doors move or something.
I think it's a pain.
Well, that's sort of the way they deal with the HD where you change the, you can change
the size of the map.
You can zoom out and kind of look at, look at your map and, uh, cause some things open
certain doors and once you learn the pattern and you can do it, but that's, that's how
you do that one.
Uh, uh, let's see what the other, other games, uh, limbo, that one's, that one's actually
a pretty cool game.
It's at least it's, it's worth a play.
It's if it's cause it's a, it might be a bit expensive for the $15 just cause it's, if
the first playthrough of it, it only took me about three and a half hours.
And if, once you learn the puzzles, it only takes about, it's only an hour game, but it's
definitely worth playing cause it's, cause it's really atmospheric and a pretty, some
pretty cool like sort of, uh, scenes in the game, like the hotel sign that's kind of charging
on and off with, uh, this, with, uh, with, uh, the electricity.
So if you jump at the wrong time, you'll get, you'll get electrocuted as like really pretty
cool sounds to it.
Uh, also, uh, cause Hydro Thunder, Thunder Hurricane, that's fun and kind of fun playing
online.
They're, they're online service.
The online like game thing is kind of, there's sort of a little bit screwy that if you find
you're in a match and you, and you get kicked out of it or, or if it's, you don't want to
play that one, you have to go back to the beginning, to the menu and then reload it.
That's kind of the only bad thing about that one.
Uh, let's see what the other, the other game in there, uh, Lara Croft and the Guardian
of Light.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I did play that.
I played like through the first four levels.
That's pretty fun.
I haven't played the co-op because I don't have, I haven't had a second person there
to play it, but it sounds interesting from what you said last week or two weeks ago,
I think.
Yeah.
I was definitely a fan boy for that game.
I'm not even going to lie.
That was, it was kind of one of those like surprises.
Like I wasn't expecting to like it as much as I did.
I really wasn't.
So that was, it was cool.
I like the arcade feel that game a lot.
Feels like, it feels like playing gauntlet kind of.
Yeah.
It's cool.
Yeah.
And also played a burnout revenge.
I had been like a year, like almost like nine or eight, 10 months since I played it last,
but I like the burnout games as they're, that's like arcade, like the racing simulator, simulators,
but arcade racing, just fun knocking people off the road and trying to get the thing except
for like the burning laps and the, and like preview races where you have to beat a certain
time are really annoying because if you die, if you mess up one time, you have to restart
the whole race and start over and over.
It takes like an hour to get a gold on it or perfect rating on it.
All right.
Um, well, um, I guess that's going to do it for everybody's gaming weeks.
So you all right over there?
Crash knocked my fork over.
I, it was my delicious food, which I'm not going to describe.
It's still very garlicky.
All right.
Nothing wrong with garlic.
All right.
Let's move into some gaming news after we do some housekeeping tonight.
I don't have a whole lot to add other than the, we already talked about, we're going
to be going a long, long, long show tonight.
Um, I'm trying to see if the skipping problems resolved.
Looks like some people are saying, yeah, it's better.
Some are saying it's still going, so we'll see, we'll give it a few more minutes to work
itself out.
Um, and otherwise I guess I'll say add us on Twitter, twitter.com slash O L R and on
Facebook, facebook.com slash orange lounge radio.
If you follow us on there, we can give you updates so that you know, if we're going to
be doing a show early or whatever's going on.
Uh, all right, let's get into some news.
Let's finally start talking some actual gaming news here today.
Big news out of penny arcade expo, right?
Loki.
Oh yeah.
This is kind of like a very surprising news, but you know, probably I'm sure people are
taking it with a grain of salt.
Duke Nukem forever is coming out 2011 on Xbox 360 PlayStation three and PC, um, is now being
developed by gearbox, um, software with the help of a two K games.
And uh, they are finishing with 3d realms took over 10 years to, uh, start I guess.
And uh, it was playable on the show floor and um, it's everything Duke Nukem should
be, you know, with, uh, you know, being able to pee everywhere and you know, blowjob into
windows and, um, you know, are there strippers punching eyeballs across, you know, a football
field.
Good stuff.
All right, here, here's where I want to start is this is obviously yay, funny gaming news,
you know, like hooray, it's finally happening, but at the same time, there's a part of me
that goes, okay, well look, I don't think this is really the same game that Duke Nukem
forever was, was originally going to be.
And um, you know, that might be kind of a duh because it's probably been like five different
games over the past 13 years or however long it's been, but, um, I honestly think after
the closure of 3d realms, I think these guys probably got the IP and probably nuked everything
that had happened before.
I mean, I know they say that they've taken what 3d realm started or whatever, but I go,
they took an idea probably, or they took the idea of what Duke Nukem should be and have
just kind of run with it and made it their own.
That's, that's kind of what I think this game really is.
And it's like, let's give it to a developer who's not going to take 13 years to finish
it.
It's as though they've been working on since late 2009 and says, uh, we're in the Paul's
Sheen phase right now.
This game, this is a game where we cannot make a promise.
We cannot fulfill, uh, we need to get past the shock and awe and then we can go to all
the retailers and first parties and work with our launch plan.
So it will be coming out though.
Um, I'm excited.
I love the Duke Nukem games and to be honest, just the screenshots and the like the little
cam videos that they had of the gameplay, it looks good.
It looks like, you know, cause I think they're really going to kind of keep the vibe of the
old games in there and it's just going to be souped up now and gearbox, you know, they've
definitely got a good pedigree as far as first person shooters go.
So I'm pretty confident that they'll churn out a good game.
Awesome.
Uh, multiplayer.
They're not really showing a lot of that.
There will be good multiplayer though if gearbox is involved.
I hope they do like map editing and all that stuff.
Although I hope so.
It's kind of hard to do.
I was some of the most fun part of the original Duke Nukem is looking at all those custom
max maps that would come out for that.
Maybe the PC version, but I don't know about the, um, three 16 PS three, uh, go to our
chat room chat, that orange sounds radio.com spazzinator says Duke Nukem forever coming
out.
Sky did hell freeze over.
What's next?
Super bowl, uh, D blue guy says DNF is coming out.
Next thing you know, valve might actually talk about episode three.
Perish the thought.
I don't know about that.
I know that's a topic near and dear to your heart, Alan, right?
Quaking with rage right now.
Yes.
Once, once portal two is out, their next press release better have half life in it.
All right, we'll see.
All right.
Uh, let's move on to another topic.
Uh, we'll know more about that game, I guess, closer to when it actually releases, which
it sounds like is actually going to happen at some point.
Hooray.
Uh, talking about another thing that's a float around out there.
I'm not sure if they're showing this at PAX, but I guess the news broke.
Um, I actually heard about it.
Thanks to the, um, GameStop managers conference.
They were showing this, which was the week before packs.
And I think a lot of the stuff that was at is at PAX now was probably at this conference
like the week before, but this was one of them and it has to do with the new Xbox three
60 controller.
It's a redesign of the Xbox three 60 wireless controller.
It's now going to be silver.
It kind of has this black, white, silver look to it, uh, with only the green being in the
lights for the Xbox logo.
That's really the only place they are.
Uh, otherwise the other big change to this, a new d-pad finally in America, they are fixing
the d-pad, but not only are they fixing it, it's, it's really different.
What they're doing.
It's a transforming d-pad.
What you can do, you can pop out the plus sign to have it just be the plus sign, or
you can actually have a whole little like kind of reverse analog stick, if you will,
like more of like a sunken hole type of controller, what it is now, basically kind of, yeah.
So you can, you can have one or the other, uh, by doing a little rotation with that.
Um, so if you want to play something like, you know, an old school street fighter game,
you can pop it out one way if you're playing like a, a shooter like Halo Reach, maybe you
want to do another way.
Here's the interesting thing about it though, right?
How much do you think this controller is going to cost?
Well, I already know the answer to that, so I can't say.
45.
45 says.
About-ish.
About-ish.
Here's the thing.
It's $64.99 for this new controller.
You know why?
They're only selling it with the play and charge kit as a bundle, and it's a limited
edition.
And there's a part of me that kind of goes like, like looks in that, looks at that and
goes, you little shits.
Like you know your controller is a problem.
You've known this for a long time.
You've fixed it with limited releases, like some sort of tease, like time again in Europe.
And now you think you're finally releasing something kind of a step beyond that here.
You're going to gouge for it when it's like a problem in the first place.
Like you suck.
You're a dick.
Whoever thought of this?
I mean, I like the look to the controller though, even though it is a little weird that
like the buttons are not that yellow, blue, red, green color.
Yeah, that's going to be wonderful for, I don't know, players that are new and that
they have like color, you know, little indicators and stuff on the screen that correspond to
those buttons.
Oh, the buttons don't have colors because they're black and white.
Why even, why did they do that?
That's just dumb.
The only way that I would see that being acceptable is if they were like backlit with those actual
colors.
So it looks gray when it's turned off, but actually has colors shining through when you
turn it on.
But that's not the case with this.
That's just them being dumb.
Monty Boggs in our chat room says, I'm sure the only thing limited is the bundle and color.
They will continue with the new D pad.
Hmm.
I hope you're right on that.
I don't know.
They haven't really said on that though.
Maybe this is a trial thing.
This is a trick to get you to buy it right now for $65.
So we'll see.
They're trying to get you suckers on an impulse buy.
That's what it is.
I don't know.
All right.
Uh, let's move on.
Dark soccer.
What do you got for us?
Well, in the realm of a PlayStation, it actually, uh, they were sending out a survey seeing
if people would be interested in, um, having the, uh, a digital comic service, um, on the
PS3 and not just on the PSP.
And um, so I'm not sure if they're actually going to do that now, but I mean, it would
be kind of neat being able to read my comics on the TV.
Although honestly I can just look at my digital comics on my computer and we have a computer
hooked up to our TV in the front room.
So big diff.
Um, I think nothing's really going to replace, you know, actually having paper in your hand
and reading the comic and going, who pretty, you know, but for those that want it, it's
available.
Well, good for them.
I mean, if they want to use, if Sony wants to do it good for them, maybe they'll get
something out of it.
I don't know that it's going to be worth the expenditure.
I read comics on my iPhone, you know, having it handheld.
That's one thing, but yeah, those are a little more portable, you know?
You don't have to take a book that you'd worry about ruining, you know?
Oh, I'm at work right now and I want to read a comic.
I mean, I'm not at work and want to read a comic.
I'm on my lunch.
Yeah, I'm on my lunch break and want to read a comic.
I have my break sign up all day.
I'm surprised you haven't brought this up in your comic podcast yet because that's you,
you tape those, you taped a comic podcast this morning, right?
Yeah, but we focus more on the comics themselves.
I see.
Where, where can they download that?
I'll let you work in a cheap plug for your new old spinoff show.
Infamous gamers.net is the site.
It's no I, there's just an N. The letter N. Yeah, nice.
And um, oh, it's actually just infamous.net.
Yeah.
It used to be infamous gamers.com.
Um, but in the meantime though, you also can find easier links right now on our various
Twitters and whatnot.
Very cool.
Yeah.
All right.
Thanks for your time.
And you're totally a sucker for having done that already this morning.
So you've already been broadcasting for an hour or two, right?
We were Skype casting.
Skype casting.
That works.
That's how we do it is Skype.
And when do your new episodes come out?
Cause you tape today.
And every so often we get Dalek voice.
You tape today, but it'll come out what?
Tomorrow?
Tomorrow.
Okay, very cool.
So I've got, after we're done here, I've got editing to do.
Fun.
Good luck with that.
Uh, all right.
All right.
Moving on to more stories, Loki.
So um, it's kind of funny, um, Medal of Honor, you know, a big game that's going to be coming
out from ETH, um, EA this October, uh, is actually banned from military, um, bases.
At least, uh, Gamestop's located in military, um, bases.
Apparently, uh, this is a decision, I guess, um, by Gamestop and also with, um, I believe,
uh, they said, uh, the PX commanding general, uh, was it the commanding general of the army
and air forces exchange services, I guess I made the decision about that.
Um, so it says Gamestop has agreed out of respect for our past and present men and women
in uniform.
We will not carry Medal of Honor in any of our AAFES based stores.
At this time, it does not include our four stores on marine installations.
Um, Gamestop fully supports the AAFES and in this endeavor and it's, and it is sensitive
to the fact in multiplayer mode, uh, one side will assume the role of Taliban fighters.
As such, Gamestop has agreed to, um, have all marketing materials pulled by noon today
and stop taking reservations, customers who entered our AAFES stores and wish to reserve
Medal of Honor, uh, can and should be directed to the nearest Gamestop location off base.
Again, we appreciate the sensitivity and know, um, our AAFES based stores will continue to
honor, um, the great customer base in which they serve.
And of course that is because the Taliban are in multiplayer.
Oh yes, because, you know, our soldiers can go and fight, you know, in Iraq and stuff
like that, but oh my God, the Taliban's in a video game and then we're going to flip
out because they can't handle that.
It's dumb.
That's just like saying we should remove all the Germans out of Call of Duty because, you
know, they offended people in World War II and the Holocaust and stuff like that.
You know, we should, uh, we should stop selling those games everywhere because people were
affected by the Holocaust.
I don't know.
I would find it a little weird in the first place.
I mean, not weird, but I would like when I'm not working, I don't want to like think about
and do work, if that makes sense.
Like, and I know Medal of Honor is fake.
Okay.
But still it's kind of like when you're working, you know, you're doing all this military stuff
and then when you are off, you want to continue to do military stuff in a game.
Like, don't you want to play like Mario Kart or something?
Don't they understand?
I understand that, you know, that the Taliban are, you know, not good people, but it's a
video game.
It'd be like, if you replace the Taliban with space aliens, it's still the opposing team.
That's all it is.
It's not real Taliban.
When you play the game and kill people with the Taliban in there, it doesn't really kill
real people in real life.
Okay.
It is a game.
And if you're offended by that game, you know, then you don't have to buy it, you know.
And besides, isn't that what you're fighting for, our freedom, you know, and the freedom
of expression.
I mean, this is kind of an art form, I guess.
And if you're offended by it, well then don't buy it.
Oil.
Well, yeah, I understand it's oil as well, but I mean, there's still the fighting for
freedom kind of crap because, you know, you're trying to save everybody from the terrorists.
So I just, I don't understand what the big deal is.
What's also interesting is that they're really not the first, you know, um, country U.S.
to take issue with this because I think we had a story on the show last week, right,
about the British had a problem with this game too.
And we're talking about banning it, I think, in Britain completely with this.
Well, let me put it this way.
GameStop is not the only store on those military bases.
And you know, they may not be carrying it, but other stores will.
So all that means to them is just lost sales.
So have at it.
Because you know what?
I think most military people will not care.
Redertainment in our chatroom kind of reiterates a point here.
We also support the ability of people in the military to go off base and buy the game.
Again, go off base and buy the game.
So you know, it's not like the game is banned altogether.
I mean, that would kind of be against the Constitution, but you know, they just, they
don't have to support it, I suppose.
So it's just something that they did because they think it's, you know, out of respect
to those who serve, we will not be stocking this game.
And they apologize for any inconvenience it may have caused.
But at the same time, they're like, well, just go off base and buy it.
I don't understand.
I don't understand what the big deal is then.
If you were saying, oh, well, we don't want it on the base because that sets the wrong
precedent.
But you can buy it off base and bring it back in.
That's fine.
All right.
Let's talk about something a little less serious than these types of games and talk about something
a little more casual, shall we?
This is also news that's coming out of Penny Arcade Expo.
It's a brand new crossover game from Telltale Games.
You might remember there was a teaser that I believe we brought up on the show last week.
So let's see, if you could imagine, what would Homestar Runner, the guys from Penny Arcade,
Sam and Max, and now Team Fortress 2 characters, what are they all going to do on their, in
a new game together?
Plush it up?
Nope.
They're going to play poker.
That is the new game coming out from Telltale Games.
It's a poker game.
It's called Poker Night at the Inventory.
It comes out for the PC and the Mac for only five bucks this fall.
So at least it's, you know, kind of cheap.
It's going to support Steamworks.
That's why Team Fortress is now a part of this.
It's going to be, you know, really integrating Steam and all that.
They say there are, quote, more than a few surprises still in store.
They are apparently showing off the game right now at PAX.
They've got posters and all that good stuff.
Dan Connors, the CEO of Telltale, quote, we've had the idea for some time of exploring the
idea of what video game characters do when they're not on the clock in the games we play.
We pitched the idea to friends in the industry and it really resonated.
We all had a great time imagining what these guys would banter about while slinging cards
from their Poker Night at the Inventory was born.
So it sounds like this game is going to have a lot of smack talking in it, which might
be kind of cool because like Homestar Runner talking shit will actually be really funny,
I think.
And some of these...
I think you're a stupid poopy head.
So we'll see.
What I think is another thing to kind of draw out of that quote.
We pitched the idea to friends in the industry.
So they got this guy from Valve, the Team Fortress 2 dude is in here, as one of the
playable characters.
So my thought is, who else are they talking to?
What other characters are going to show up?
I bet some other big heavy hitter PC titles come into this too.
I don't think it's just going to end here.
There could be some other crossovers coming into this.
So you know...
Should have Shell just sitting there being quiet or Gordon Freeman sitting there being
quiet.
They're not supposed to say anything the whole time.
You never know.
Anything's possible.
But they're not supposed to say anything.
I don't know.
Any other characters you guys think might fit in here?
Hopefully some of the dudes from Back to the Future.
C-Man.
How about a velociraptor from the new Jurassic Park game?
I think C-Man.
C-Man?
You know, when he's a frog.
You should be C-Frog.
I'm thinking more like PC oriented games, you know, because this is all about PC.
GLaDOS.
Oh, GLaDOS would be a good one.
That would be a great one.
All you have is the poker sphere.
Um, maybe the chick from Mirror's Edge.
I could see, you know, EA and Steam have a close relationship.
And one of the unicorns from that stupid game on Steam.
The pink honest game.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Or what is, if you're talking PC, you know, how about an orc and a night elf?
Although, you know, typically Blizzard doesn't do anything with Steam because they can do
their own thing.
Or Rinky trying to swiddle everyone other money.
Retertainment says Lady Gaga should just be a character in the poker game.
Completely off topic, Rob.
She can show her puh-puh-puh poker face.
Did you see the link that I put up on Facebook?
No.
Someone making Para Para dances to Lady Gaga.
Some people have too much time on their hands.
It was actually kind of good, but I put it up there and you didn't even look.
I'm sorry.
When did you put it up?
Yesterday.
Well, I've been busy the past couple days.
I was, I was busy sleeping yesterday.
I'll have you know.
You hoe.
Two naps.
Yeah.
What's this, Alan?
Rob took two naps yesterday.
Two two-hour naps.
An old man.
He's very cute.
Shut up.
Don't judge me.
Oh, Jay Dizzle.
Perfect answer.
Duke Nukem should be in the game.
Hello?
Because, you know, it's going to be a big release coming up.
I like that answer.
All right.
Anyhow, let's move on and talk about more gaming news.
These dates coming up in just a moment, but first, Dark Sakura has something for us.
Mine's not really so much of a story, so much as an impression.
The new screen caps for the Mortal Kombat game that's coming out are up and it looks
really fun.
You know, I was talking to somebody that was at the GameStop Managers Conference they were
showing this game and I was hearing a lot of good things about it.
Here's my thing.
I thought that the new Mortal Kombat game was supposed to be an arcade game.
At least that was the impression I got when I first saw it, but like very much no at this
point, right?
It is definitely looking like a full $60 retail release, correct?
Yeah.
That's what the word is.
I mean, it's just, but I'm looking really at what I'm telling just from the images and
it seems to me like, like there's this one scene in here with Katana, let me find her,
where she's just covered in blood and it's fantastic.
And you're like, and Melina has her horrible, ugly eat your face face and everything just
looks like what Mortal Kombat used to be except for being, you know, 3D instead of being,
you know, the motion cap.
Like I'm not gonna lie, Mortal Kombat is one of those games that I really shouldn't like,
but I do.
Like, I really like the Mortal Kombat series and I'm really excited for this game.
And I'm, you know what, there's just some guilty pleasure games and Mortal Kombat is
one of them.
To be fair, I didn't play the DC Universe game, but I played pretty much all the others.
I really enjoyed the first couple, what was it, Deception and there was another one in
there too.
Not the last one they did with all the, thank you, Deadly Alliance.
That was actually a decent game.
Deadly Alliance is awesome.
I love the little RPG thing in there.
Yeah, you know, even those mini modes, some of them were kind of stupid, like in Deception
they had the kart racing and stuff, which were definitely an afterthought, but I ate
that shit up.
I thought it was awesome.
I'm totally digging this particular level on this picture with the big colosseum.
That looks cool.
I have another one here that's inside of a clock tower.
Oh, you know someone's getting thrown through that clock.
Well, not just through the clock, I'm thinking that they're going to get ground up by the
gears.
Awesome.
And that would be fantastic.
I want there to be special stage fatalities for every stage.
I hope so.
Because I want more blood.
It sounds like these new IP owners, what Warner Brothers is taking care of this now after
Midway, although a lot of the people that used to be involved are involved now, it really
sounds like they're just like, okay.
After that DC- They interviewed Ed Boon about it a few months
ago.
Yeah.
After that DC Universe game, let's just give the fans what they want.
Let's just go balls to the wall.
We want like a Street Fighter 4-esque type of upgrade, like, cause you know, Street Fighter
4 was like a fucking awesome upgrade from, you know, old school Street Fighter.
So like, I think that's what they're going to give us with this new Mortal Kombat game.
I'm looking at this red guy here and he's throwing the scorpion little chain thing.
Is that Ermac, or is that the ninja from Deadly Alliance, whatever his name was?
I can't remember his name.
I don't know, but there's another thing that I wouldn't mind seeing.
I think he's Ermac.
You remember Soul Calibers create a fighter thing and that you can create certain ones
that have actually a story to it?
I think that would be- It's a little hit and miss with me because
like in that one, the last Xbox game they did that let you do that, it was a little
bit janky.
Like it just was too much at that point.
It was too much.
It was just reptile, spitting, splashy, acid vomit.
They do a pretty good job on the Soul Caliber games though.
I will give you that.
Like probably my second favorite series of fighting games behind Mortal Kombat, and yes,
even above Street Fighter, is Soul Caliber.
Like those games are really bad ass and I'm really waiting for news on Soul Caliber 5.
Like I'm kind of sitting here going, okay, it's about time to hear about Soul Caliber
5 because, you know, the Yoda and Darth Vader days have long passed.
So I'd like to know what's up with that.
Where's like the robot dude?
Cyrax.
So I like that they've pulled a lot of the stuff that people liked from the other series.
I've actually got high hopes for this.
For any of our friends though that are at PAX, I want to hear what you think about it.
I'm liking that it looks like a lot of the roster from Mortal Kombat 3, except they kind
of, at least so far, looks like they've said sia to a lot of the characters that just really
weren't notable out of those games.
Like Stryker.
Like, you know, who- I liked him.
Who played Stryker?
Oh, come on.
I did play him actually.
Oh, come on.
He was-
If you knew how to use him right, he was really, really awesome.
And he had that particular- he had this like one punch combo that was super sweet.
I will say-
In Mortal Kombat 3.
I loved Kabal.
I did- I played Kabal.
He was awesome.
And I don't think he's really coming back because he wasn't really notable in the mythology-
He had the run thing.
Yeah, that was cheap.
And I loved Sindel.
I loved Sindel.
Sindel was badass, but again, what was she really there to do?
She was there to be the one dude's wife and then she kind of disappears.
Like she didn't really- or no, she's Katana's mom though, isn't she?
I think so.
And the other one was the Goro chick.
Yeah, she- I didn't care for her.
What?
Shiva.
That was it.
I didn't care for her.
Like, oh, what a derivative name that is.
Yeah.
But I really like Sindel and her scream thing.
But yeah, so I mean, and really, like I said, it's not exactly a story.
And if anyone wants to see the images, just go to Eurogamer.net.
But they're really- I'm actually excited about a Mortal Kombat game.
Vidpower in our chatroom says, Striker is the Dan of the Mortal Kombat universe.
Hey, if you can win a game with Dan, you're pretty awesome, right?
Nice, I like that.
Derek H. in our chatroom, by the way, I neglected to say this last week on the show, and I really
need to give a big holler and thank you to Derek H. for the big battle which wrapped
up last week.
Even though we got our butts kicked by the host country, Dead Picks Alive, you know how
that usually happens in the Olympics?
The host country usually wins, and Dead Picks Alive won.
We made a really good job second place, so thank you to all the listeners who helped
out in the big battle there.
And I just want to give kudos to Derek for putting that all together, because I know
it's a pain in the ass to do those types of large-scale tournaments.
Hence why we don't do them a lot anymore, so good job to him, appreciate it.
He says in our chatroom, that's the defense of everyone who likes crappy characters.
If you know how to use them, he's great.
I do the same thing with Cammie.
Cammie's actually a good character too.
Uh-oh, Alan?
Just like, his eyes got really big, and he's looking like, I'm gonna cut this bitch.
Dan hates Cammie.
Dan hates Cammie.
Dan Jelly from the other room.
Okay, so you like Cammie, right?
Yes, yes, she's amazing.
And my favorite thing that she does is the little mid-air combos where she spins and
then goes into a different kick or a punch or something.
What were they called, the hooligan combos, I think?
Here's my thing with Cammie.
I like her as a character, and you know Kylie Minogue playing her in the movie was the best
thing ever.
That was the only good thing about the movie.
Like I like her as a character, but as a street fighter, god I hate her.
Like she's just, she's so useless.
Actually no, I take that back, T-Hawk is probably the most useless street fighter.
T-Hawk actually-
She just has a nice ass, that's about it.
They drew her with a nice ass.
That's really the only addition to her.
This is my thing.
It doesn't matter how much someone says a character sucks, if you enjoy playing them
and you're good at them, everybody else better watch out.
That is the, that's the trash talking roots of the gaming universe, you know?
What you believe to be true is law and everybody else is stupid.
That's really what-
And I think everybody can agree that she would probably look better naked than T-Hawk anyways,
so yeah.
T-Hawk would be disproportionate if he actually didn't have clothes on.
Anyway.
No penis.
Anyway, but the whole, the whole point is, you know, it's just like with video games,
you know?
The game's only as good as the system, you know, they're on, well I mean, not the system
they're on.
A game-
A system is only as good as the games that are on it.
Well then a character is only as good as the player playing.
Yeah, take my cami bashing with a grain of salt because I love Faye Long.
Like he's my favorite character in Street Fighter.
I think he's badass.
I enjoy playing Sakura, but that's just because she's fun because she does her little hop
thing.
You playing Sakura?
Karin was really good.
One of my favorite characters in the Alpha series that made it into four that really
just does not play well in four at all is Rose.
She is amazing, but she's really hard to play and crap in four.
But cami is awesome.
I'll kick your ass as cami.
I remember what my old Let's Piss Off Dan team was, was Gambit and cami.
Good times.
In X-Men vs. Street Fighter when we first got together.
Can't wait for the new Marvel vs. Capcom game, it's gonna be good times.
Dan, look at the Saturn!
Alright.
Alright, anyhow, let's move on to some release dates, traveling the world after our little
fighting game derailment there, that's alright.
Let's travel the world and talk about-
Hey, we've got time to fill.
That's true, we do have lots of time to fill, although I know, I don't know what time Loki
has to go, but we'll figure it out.
So, release dates, Loki.
Yes, there's some decent stuff coming out this week.
It's starting to ramp up a little bit because we're getting into the long fourth quarter.
So starting things off, Batman the Brave and the Bold on Wii and DS this week.
Spider-Man Shattered Dimensions on Playstation 3, Xbox 360, Wii and DS.
Tom Clancy's Hawks 2 on Playstation 3, Xbox 360.
And the Wii version comes out later, if that's right.
Oddly enough, if you really want to buy games before you can actually play them, there's
some Playstation Move games coming out this week, including iPad.
Unfortunately, since the Move doesn't come out for a couple weeks, you can stare at the
nice little case for a while.
That'll be available on Playstation 3.
NHL 11 on Playstation 3, Xbox 360.
Midnight Mysteries, the Edgar Allen Poe conspiracy on Nintendo DS.
Kingdom Hearts.
I will be buying that game, quote the raven, nevermore.
Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep coming out on the PSP.
No PSP Go, though.
Do you want?
NHL Slap Shot, that's the crappy Wii game with the hockey stick controller.
Yeah, you're not going to break a TV with that.
Sports Champions.
That's the fun part.
When you're at your friend's house and he beats you in NHL, whatever, whatever, and
he's like, yeah, hi, beat you, you suck.
You can just start bashing the TV in with your controller saying, huh, well I fucked
up your TV, later, bitch.
Sports Champions, the Wii Sports type game for the Playstation Move.
Once again, this will make a nice coaster for the next two weeks.
Saints Row Double Pack.
That's a re-release of the two Saints Row games on Xbox 360 for only $29.99.
There's also a, let's see here, Brunswick Cosmic Bowling game, which I'm sure is not
terrible at all on the Wii.
Rooz, it's the real-time strategy game that you can bluff in on Xbox 360 and Playstation
3.
And Assault on Balleria.
Looks like that's how you pronounce that, I probably fucked that up.
That's on PC.
Start the Party.
It's going to be a real party in your house when you're staring at this Blu-ray case,
and that's on the PS3.
What is it?
How do you start the party?
Start the party by buying the party supplies in preparation for two weeks.
What is this fucking game, Loki?
What are you doing?
It is a cr- okay.
You know Itoy Play?
Okay.
Let's do that, but now with the Playstation Move controller.
It's Start the Party.
Kung Fu Rider.
Press start to party.
Kung Fu Rider, a game so terrible it's actually probably more fun to stare at the case than
actually play it.
That'll be coming out as well on the Playstation 3 this week.
Photo World.
It's a game where you take photos with a DSI camera, and yes, it's a DSI-only game.
That's awesome.
That's stuff that I, I don't know, I could do without the game, with the game.
That sounds more useful than Ping Pals on the DS.
Yeah, almost.
The Sims 3 Fast Lane stuff.
I gotta read this in our chatroom.
First off, I gotta catch up on some chat comments, because the chat's starting to fill up here.
Thanks to you guys for tuning in early.
We really appreciate it.
There's quite a few of you here tonight, so thank you guys.
Chat.orangestimesradio.com.
Let's see, where was the, there was, oh yeah, I wanted to say this about Rose.
Derek H., who brought up Cammy in the first place, actually says, I destroy people with
Rose.
Destroy.
So there you go.
Illusion spark, bitches.
So it looks like you and Derek have a lot in common, because you're both Cammy and Rose
players.
Let's see.
Where was I?
Say, oh yeah, start the party.
Redertainment says start the party.
Gin, vodka, and hot women not included.
Or fun.
I do have, I do have vodka and tequila.
Do you?
Yes, do you want some?
Yeah.
We're gonna start the party right now.
Seriously, I need you, I need everyone to drink up my booze.
I'll have a little bit, but keep in mind, I gotta drive home when this is all over,
so I'll get.
You've got hours to get sober.
I'll have a drink or two, well I could also run out and get dinner at some point, so I'll
have like a beer.
Do you have a Guinness?
I want a Guinness.
No, I don't have a Guinness.
I have two New Castles left.
Oh, New Castle, New Castle, New Castle, New Castle.
Humor Games this week.
You can have a New Castle.
Yay, thank you.
Oh, sorry.
UFC Undisputed 2010 on PSP, Prison Tycoon, Alcatraz, once again delayed, thank you value
soft for not being able to hit your damn street dates.
Dawn of Heroes on DS, speaking of delayed games, that'll be coming out this week, maybe.
King's Bounty Armored Princess, not sure what that is, but yeah, it's on PC.
And finally, Professor Layton and the Unwound Future on Nintendo DS, that comes out one
week from today.
That is it.
Alright.
Let's move on, talk about Japanese release dates, looking at what's coming out in Japan.
Starting off with the Xbox 360 on September 9th, UFC Undisputed 2010 is coming out on
the Xbox 360, for those that are into that.
Excuse me, I'm moving on to the PlayStation 3 and checking out what's coming out over
there.
If I can find it.
There we go.
Split Second gets its Japanese release this week on the PlayStation 3.
Also UFC Undisputed 2010 gets a release there, too.
By the way, next week, Front Mission Evolved, just so you know, that's on the 16th, but
I wanted to get that out there because I know there's a lot of Front Mission fans.
It's kind of a cultish type of game.
Looking at the Wii and what's coming out on the Wii, we have Okami getting a price cut
this week on the Wii.
Biohazard 4 is also getting a price cut and the Biohazard Chronicles, that of course is
Resident Evil, what they call that series over there is Biohazard.
Looking at the handheld systems on the Nintendo DS, One Piece Gigant Battle from Bandai Namco
is coming out on the DS this week.
I have no idea what that game is all about, but I'm assuming it's going to be a giant
battle.
And then on the PSP, Sengoku Efuda Yugi Hototosigusu Tyran comes out this week from iRAM.
I have no idea what this game is, I'm trying to look at this real quick.
This sounds interesting.
It is a board game, it's a port of a board game I guess that's popular in Japan.
Although this is not one I have ever seen before, I don't think it's chess or anything
like that.
Looks like it's a card slash board fusion type of game, so that might be interesting.
That's coming out on the PSP this next week.
And then Vitamin X Evolution Plus is also coming out this week.
That's what it's called.
So there you go, kind of a slow week in Japan, but just like we are, they're ramping up for
Christmas.
Although of course Halo is thrown in there to kind of liven things up this month.
They get Halo next week, just so you know.
Dark Sakura, what's coming out in Europe?
On the 6th we have Chime for PC, and then the 7th is Dragon Age Origins Witch Hunt and
Mass Effect 2, Lair of the Shadow Broker.
And on the 8th we have Amnesia, The Dark Descent, and Plants vs. Zombies, which is crack.
And then on the 10th we have Ace Combat Joint Assault, Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep, and
Tom Clancy's Hawks 2, which, I don't know, I'm still kind of giddy about Birth by Sleep.
But this Amnesia thing sounds kind of interesting.
I was looking up a little bit about it too, that I think it would be interesting to see
that one, but...
Is that coming out?
Amnesia?
Amnesia.
The Dark Descent.
It's from Frictional Games.
Nope.
If it does it will be ported over by Zoo Games, because they love taking European releases
and bringing them out over here, eventually.
Eventually.
After they delayed them for months and months and months and months and months and months
and months and months and months.
But Plants vs. Zombies, that game is kind of crack.
I mean...
I'm actually looking, see, I'm looking forward to downloading that on the iPod when it comes
in.
Supposed to get it next week, because they're not yet released.
It's supposed to be out on DS in January.
Yes.
Yes.
So...
But, you know, me being kind of a noob to the whole app store and stuff, I'm very pleased
that they're not that expensive.
Except I was actually shopping for something to use as like a Garmin or, you know, some
sort of GPS thing.
To add GPS to the iPod Touch is ridiculously expensive.
Like I believe it's a TomTom adapter.
They have, it's $79.99 just for the GPS adapter.
Then they want you to pay another $40 for the fucking app.
To which I gave them the big middle finger and said, fuck you, I will just look up directions
on Google Maps and I'm smart enough as a human being to figure out how to get there.
I do not need you to tell me how to get there for $120, you know, almost $120.
Yeah.
I better be getting free blowjobs for $120 from that thing, you know.
It's just, it's not worth it.
And honestly, I mean, if you've got, you may as well just use Google Maps because seriously,
it's kind of like irritating I think when you have the speaking GPS.
Yeah.
I am going to get though, I want to get one of these Virgin Mobile MiFi 2200s.
Now I know that the MiFi 2200 is actually available through a bunch of different, like
Verizon and Sprint and stuff like that.
But they're way more expensive and you have to have a contract.
So I'm cheap.
And sometimes I don't want to pay my bills, so this is perfect.
I heard about those devices.
I kind of want to get one.
I'm serious.
I'm getting one for, we could do it for podcasting.
You can connect with the five devices.
We can do like podcasting anywhere.
Plus, I'm just going to shove it in my pocket and I can use my iPod touch like, you know,
like a phone basically.
I would worry about podcasting over 3G though because we skip enough on this stream as it
is.
At least not, it's like an average DSL connection.
It's not horrible as long as you're in a decent area.
But I mean, I don't know.
I wouldn't exactly use it for podcasting all the time.
Maybe just surfing the web while I'm out there.
I like the iPhone as far as surfing the web and stuff, but I don't want to pay the fees
each month for it.
And also, you know, I don't really need the phone stuff too much.
I use maybe, if I'm lucky, 30 minutes a month.
So all these cell phone plans are way too expensive for what they give me.
Although I have been looking at, they've been advertising the new Virgin Mobile ones too
for $25 a month for everything.
I don't like the phones for that.
That's the only bad thing.
If it was like, you know, an iPhone for $25 a month, then I'd be all over that shit.
Anyway, sorry, I'm not trying to sound like a peddler for Virgin Mobile.
So let's talk about the PlayStation 3 and all sorts of weird stuff going on in the mod
ship world there.
You may remember the PlayStation Jailbreak was announced last week, and of course, you
know, for a very expensive hundred and, I don't remember how much it was, $70 or something
like that for it.
Well, funny enough, you know, there was a temporary injunction placed on them last week
where they were prevented from selling it until the 31st.
Then the 31st rolled around, and they were delayed until Friday, and on Friday, Sony
actually won the court case, so they had prevented them, OZ mod chips, and actually any of the
mod chip manufacturers or resellers in Australia from selling the devices.
And so they were, you know, basically prevented from selling everything, and they had been
taking the court and all that stuff.
So everyone that bought one had their money returned, which is awesome, because at the
same time, you know, the people that may have been buying them from OZ mod chips or even
in the U.S., now Sony is going after the U.S. manufacturers, or I should say resellers.
They're going against Zumba LDC, whose website ShopsJailbreak.com has been selling a new
PS3 Jailbreak mod chips for their very expensive price of like $100 and some dollars.
So they're going after them now.
But all of that doesn't really matter, because people have already cloned the PlayStation
Jailbreak with a device called the PS Groove, and the PS Groove basically is an open source
mod chip that runs off of a Teensy++ USB development board or an AT90 USB key.
Both of those run under $30 some dollars.
It's $24 for the one and about $31 for the other, which is a lot cheaper than, you know,
$100 and some dollars.
And what's great about that is, you know, the part that kind of pissed off Sony with
the whole backup manager, they actually have disabled the backup manager, but then of course
people have released modified versions that have the backup manager in there again.
But it is a solution that is now widely available.
So Sony, you know, by snipping this other one in the butt, kind of made themselves a
bigger problem.
And so now they're actually porting the PlayStation Groove to the PSP, which will run as an application
on there on a Homebrew firmware.
So you'll actually be able to use your PSP for free to mod your PlayStation 3 if you
have that.
Or if you can't wait for that to come out and you happen to have a Nokia N900, you can
actually do that for free now.
And you can connect that to your PlayStation 3 using the special port of the PlayStation
Groove to crack your system, so that sucks.
It's something that I don't know if they're going to be able to patch out.
It's definitely, if you're using the backup manager, there's ways to tell that you're
doing it.
But they're working on ways now to basically make it stealth.
They've taken the device ID, because each game has like an ID code to it, and so they
can tell what game you're playing.
Well, the stealth version of it, which isn't entirely stealth yet, because they haven't
erased all the old ID code out of it, is making the game look like, or making it look like
you're playing a copy of Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2, which a lot of people out there
are, so it would be hard to track them down.
But it's only going to get worse for them now.
Because once you have this system out now to actually mod your system, people are going
to find out ways to do custom firmwares, and it only goes from there.
It's just going to snowball.
Is there anything Sony can do about all this?
I don't know if they can.
I mean, other than maybe they can fix the hack, but apparently from what I was reading
though, the way that this exploit is done is actually before the firmware, so to patch
it with the firmware might be impossible.
It's before the firmware actually kicks in, so it's impossible maybe to do that, but they
may be able to block the ID for the backup manager or something like that, but they're
just going to, if it's that easy to change the game ID on the backup manager, that won't
really be an issue, because they can just keep changing it to keep dodging any blocks
that they put in place.
So it'll be interesting, and definitely they're going to be doing another update soon for
either PlayStation Move stuff, I know they already have that Move stuff available right
now, the firmware for that, but they're going to be doing the 3D Blu-ray stuff, and who
knows what other patches later on.
They're going to try to patch it, that's for sure, but I have a feeling it's going to go
back and forth, just like the whole PSP stuff.
But you won't be able to play online with this, right?
They'll be able to get that, right?
As of right now, see here's the thing with the online.
See that's the issue with playing with the backup manager, because it shows that ID code,
and they can go, okay, this person's playing online with this ID code, okay they're using
the backup manager, bam, we bam their console.
But they're changing it to mimic Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2, it'll look like, oh they're
playing Modern Warfare 2, and then they're not going to ban them.
So if they successfully masked the backup manager to make it look like Modern Warfare
2, then there really is nothing they can do as far as detecting which console's running
this backup manager.
So it's going to be tough.
Alright, well we'll see what develops.
I'm kind of curious to see how Sony's long-term strategy of this plays out, because it's kind
of like, yeah they can try and stop this with the court orders and everything, but once
the technology's out there, it's out there, you know what I mean, it's going to be very
hard to stop, especially when they're telling people how to make their own.
And they're already starting to dump games too, so the whole scene now, because the hard
drives, you don't even really have to do too much, you just can copy the files straight
to your hard drive, and people are just doing Blu-Ray dumps.
Would Spaznator be able to use this to get his videos to work when Sony keeps screwing
them over with the whole console and all that?
I don't know.
I mean, I don't know.
Alright, let's see, Brakeman in our chat room says, so people hacked a Sony system, isn't
that business as usual with Sony?
Not for the PS3.
Yeah, not for the PS3.
I mean, they really kind of rolled this out as unhackable, and for a while it certainly
seemed that way, although we all knew in the back of our heads somebody would hack it eventually,
so it's finally coming around.
But with the fact that Blu-Ray hasn't really been easily adopted into burning and all that
yet, it's still got a ways to go, I think, before you're going to see mass market piracy
for this.
Yeah, I don't know.
But they keep claiming piracy killed the PSP, but I don't know, I have mixed feelings on
that.
I don't think it's totally right.
It's a good scapegoat, because they don't really, it's hard to tell what the numbers
are actually on that, but I'm sure it contributed to it, but then again, look at the Nintendo
DS.
I mean, that system is doing really well, and I know piracy has affected that, but it's
hard to say, and I don't know.
It'll be interesting to see what happens, but I don't know, it'll just be fun to play
around with, I think.
All right.
Well, let's move on to another story about the Xbox 360 this time, and some price changes
going on in the 360.
This was news that came out this week.
A one month gold subscription to Xbox Live is going up, starting November 1st, $8 to
$10.
That's good.
Three months going up from $20 to $25, and a full year of Xbox Live up $50 to $60.
Of course, that's really $49.99 to $59, but it's $50 to $60.
I'm throwing in that extra penny there.
The price of Xbox Live has gone up, folks, but what's interesting about this story, it's
the first time we've ever had this story in the history of our show, which has been going
about as long as Xbox Live has.
They haven't raised the price in the years that it's been active.
Is it justified that they raise the price now?
What do you guys think?
I kind of thought it was about time.
I mean, you've got to keep up with the market, and if you're not making enough to match cost
and still have the right profit margin they're expecting, then I don't see why not.
By the way, if you're worried about this price increase, there are some ways you can lock
in the old price.
You can do a renewal of one year through Xbox.com right now for $40, or you can also buy some
of those prepaid cards right now with the lower prices, because you can still find those
for the old prices.
If you load up on a couple of those, then you'll be locked in for however much time.
Dude, it's seriously like 80 some cents more a month.
That's what it is, average out, and honestly, $10 more, yeah, that is more money for you
to pay, but look at what the hell, download content and your Xbox Live arcade games cost
that much.
I understand that everybody's cash strapped nowadays with the economy and everything,
but come on.
Eat one less lunch out or something, I mean, stop fucking bitching about $10.
It's not like the price is doubling, and I understand that you may not use all the features,
because honestly, I don't use most of the features on Xbox Live.
I don't use Twitter, I don't use Facebook, none of the extra stuff, and the ESPN's streaming
and stuff like that, I could care less about it, and the fact that it's going up $10, it
doesn't really bother me, because so what?
Well speaking of ESPN, in our chat room, Blaze says, given that this ESPN functionality is
supposed to be absurdly amazing, that it's not that big a deal.
Breakman says, fuck you Microsoft, everyone kept asking them when Xbox Live will go free,
so they said fuck you, we'll raise the price.
I'm okay with this price hike, because they haven't done one in so long, and it does seem
like, you know, the amount of content on Xbox Live, there's a lot of it there.
I'm okay with it, you know, because we're talking on a yearly basis too.
If this is where we're going instead of the online pass, I'm okay with it.
But unfortunately, I think we all know it's not.
That online pass still exists, and to me, you can't do this and that.
You really shouldn't.
This online pass is ridiculous in the first place, but it's even more so with this.
I don't blame Microsoft for the online pass stuff, I blame the third party publishers.
Microsoft could stop it.
It's their servers, their stores, they could stop.
It's their software though.
If they want to prevent people from connecting online, they can do that.
It's their software.
I understand that they should step up and say, hey, you know, you shouldn't be doing
that kind of stuff on our service, because they made a member of everybody play nice
with the guitar controllers and stuff like that, they all had to work together.
That was kind of cool, but I think that they should step up and do that, since they have
dedicated servers for all this stuff, but once again, it's these third party companies
getting greedy with forced up.
It sets a really bad precedent though, when you have Sony doing the same thing.
Like if Microsoft said, oh, by the way, we're going to charge you $10 to play this game
online, or I'm sorry, yeah, Microsoft said, no, we're going to charge you $10 extra to
play this game online if you buy it used, then there might be some issues, but I don't
think they're going to go that route, because they're making enough money as it is on live
and maybe they try supporting it with ad revenue and stuff like that, and maybe just the cost
to run this stuff keeps going up and up, I mean, they keep adding features and stuff
to it, and maybe it's just getting more expensive, I don't know.
I really do feel the value of $50 for Xbox Live now is certainly better than it was eight
years ago.
Which is cool.
I don't think that they would just say, okay, you know what, we want to make more money,
so we're going to raise the price.
I think that they would actually say, okay, listen, because they're going to try to keep
it as low as possible to stay competitive with the PlayStation network, and I don't
see them raising prices just because, oh, we need to make more money.
I think it's just that the cost of doing things is going up.
Blaze said, remember that this online pass stuff applies to games that are multi console,
and Microsoft requires online play to go through their servers, but Sony makes third party
people run their own servers.
Well okay, but still, then put the online pass on Sony, not Microsoft.
Stop being lazy and just putting out the same code for both systems.
If people are that pissed off about a $10 price hike, then you need to spend the extra
effort it's going to take to go and find those cards for cheaper, and honestly, there are
cards out there.
There's a lot of ways to get cards for like 40 bucks now.
Go stock up on some of those.
If you're so concerned about you spend the extra 83 cents a month, seriously, go for
a walk around your local strip malls and stuff like that.
You could probably find 83 cents on the ground.
It's not that fucking expensive.
Seriously, go without a can of soda one week.
83 cents a month, let's break that down by week.
That's like 20 cents a week, come on, find a dime.
I understand that it's not that much money, but here you go, you're the devil's advocate.
It's the principle.
They're raising the price, and what are they doing to justify the raising of the price?
Well people aren't too worried about paying $60 for games.
That's a $10 price hike per game, so why aren't you just still playing your original PlayStation
2 and Xbox then?
Why aren't you boycotting all these different game systems since it's so expensive for you
to spend the extra $10?
I think you're a fucking hypocrite is what I think you are.
Break Man in our chat room says, I'll pay Microsoft an extra $10 a month to take Facebook
off my 360.
Amen to that.
Facebook on 360 is ugly.
It looks better on a cell phone, and that is saying a lot.
Anyhow, let's move on and get into the classic video game of the week.
It's a chance for us to take a trip down memory lane, where Dark Sakura will dig into the
gamer vault and find a game that she thinks, hey, you kids out there in internet land.
Get off my lawn and play this game.
Get off my lawn and go inside and play this game.
Dark Sakura, what is the classic game of the week?
X-Men for the Sega Genesis.
This game is cool.
I have to save something for the future, Rob.
Probably I think one of the best games that came on the Genesis.
It was in 1993, and it was the whole 90s era of X-Men.
The game basically starts off, we're in the danger room, and there's a virus that goes
into the danger rooms.
You have to go through different areas within the danger room, and then fight Magneto at
the end.
So you play as Gambit, or Nightcrawler, Wolverine, or Cyclops, and they have different, you know,
regular punches, kicks, whatever, and then they have their mutant power that has a dumb
power bar, and then they have the rest of their life bar.
Your bar will regenerate, and you can also switch characters in mid-level, so that helps
you save stuff off.
So yeah, with Wolverine, he basically has his big bad claws and his healing factor.
Gambit has his charged cards for a special attack, Cyclops has the optic blast, and Nightcrawler
has the ability to teleport, which is useful.
He was actually my favorite character to use in the game.
You also get Storm, Rogue, Iceman, and Archangel as sort of helpers.
You can call on them for help, and you can also get Jean Grey to pop up if you happen
to fall, and you fight different X-Men villains, so it's pretty cool.
But one of the cool things about this game, and it had a...
It broke the fourth wall.
When you defeat Mojo, you have to reset the computer in the danger room, but what it really
means is reset your machine, and the whole trick is you just sort of have to pop the
reset button, and then it'll black out and pop up these numbers like a computer rebooting,
you know, in the 90s.
So what, somebody's 486, I guess?
Anyway, um, but we had a giggle from Loki about something.
Sorry, something someone posted.
Uh...
I'm curious now.
Uh, take a right.
Can wait until after the classic game.
Um, one thing that I need to point out is that if you hit the button too hard, of course,
it will reset the game, and you're like SOL.
Or if you have a nomad, the nomad doesn't have a reset button, so you're SOL there unless
you level skip.
Um, all of the music in the game was done by Fletcher Beasley, who used the Genesis
emulation music software, and it would work with the Yamaha 2612 FM synthesizer chip on
the Genesis, so you could play the sounds back through it and you know what it sounds
like.
So it's actually got a really cool soundtrack.
I think that it sounds really good.
Um, but he's quoted as saying that he was trying to use the sound of the distorted guitar
in his tracks to make them sound edgier.
And, I mean, it's got a great soundtrack.
Kudos to him.
But it was a really cool game.
It actually, there's one level in that game that pissed me off to no end, and it was always,
um, the Mojo World level.
Hated it.
I'm dead.
That's fighting Mojo.
Mojo Jojo.
Just kidding.
Alright, there you go, your classic game of the week is X-Man on the Genesis.
Good times.
Thank you very much, Dark Soccer.
Good pick, even if I'm more of a fan of the arcade one, but that's okay.
Okay, Loki, why are you giggling?
Oh, nothing.
There was someone was pointing out, actually one of our listeners, they were pointing out
that, you know, have you heard that, you know, have you seen the story about Earth Defense
Force, a new Earth Defense Force game coming out next year?
And I actually clicked on the link to check it out, and then it links the Structoid article
that links also a CheapAssGamer article, where I'm the source of that news information.
Nice.
It's like, yeah, I heard about it.
Actually, I'm looking at this, this was just, what's today, the fifth?
This was like four hours ago.
Yeah, the GameStop conference, I think they had an actual logo for it, and if you go to
uh, uh, EDFIA.com, you can check out, they have the placeholder logo for it, Earth Defense
Force, Insect Armageddon.
Actually, you gotta hear this, this is pretty good, and shout out to this guy, because he
must be a listener to the show, but this is on examiner.com, I guess?
Is that the Chicago Cons, I don't know.
Orange Launch Radio podcast co-host, Loki, has recently uncovered a sequel to the B-movie
quality Earth Defense Force 2017.
If this news is correct, then all is well with the world, the game falls under the same
category as Deadly Premonition for me.
According to his information, Earth Defense Force 2017, Insect Armageddon for the Xbox
360, is being released sometime in February 2011 by D3 publisher.
Loki, who works for a game distributor and has a strong track record on things such as
unannounced games, tweeted the following, just saw this on my release list from D3,
Earth Defense Force 2017, Insect Armageddon, coming February on Xbox 360.
Dude, wasn't that like a month ago that you tweeted that?
What's a month ago?
This ran four hours ago on this website.
As someone who has invested a crazy amount of time in Earth Defense Force, I accept this
story.
That's just a repost of the Cheap Ass Gamer one, I think.
Is it?
That's Blue Swim.
Whatever.
But anyway.
That's funny to me.
It is funny.
I hope you're right.
We haven't heard anything more about it, have we?
I am right.
It's on their release list.
But I don't want anybody saying that I said that, I mean, I don't want D3 being pissed
off at me, because then that comes back to me, and then I lose my job.
That's why you gotta stop putting on Twitter, you have to do it here on the show in Secret
Club, where these people don't listen.
Well, people just need to stop realizing that.
I'm a crazy person that says these things, okay?
Yeah, it's just meant for sharing with the listeners, not to be as posted as a story.
It's so when, you know, Joystiq picks this article up, you know, say four months from
now, and they're like, hey, we just discovered that, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, and then
be like, hey, I knew about that months ago, good job.
You know, it's just so you can realize that we knew it first.
But you've also, they better not be mad at you, because you know what, you've been supporting
this game from the beginning.
It is so awesome!
I am so excited!
You probably know how this will happen, honestly.
I don't know anyone who talks about this on you.
I own four copies of this game, okay?
And you know why I did that?
Just in case ever one of my discs breaks.
Which one of them has, because I played it so much.
So I had three backup copies that I bought, you know, we were clearing them out of our
warehouse for five bucks each, I'm like, I'm taking all of those!
So yeah, I love this game, and I fully support the sequel, and I hope to God it has four-player
co-op.
Can I borrow one?
I actually looked for the game, I never was able to find it.
Oh, sure.
All right.
But yeah, lesson learned here.
Stop posting low-key stuff!
No, I don't care, it doesn't, I don't, it's, I mean, they would have said something by
now.
Yeah, it's true.
It was out there a month ago.
And honestly, I mean, it's...
The official logo showed up now, right?
The official, they have the official websites up, and the GameStop conference, someone took
a picture that says, Earth Defense Force returns 2011.
So there you go.
They have a banner for it.
It's happening.
So you were, but that went to, okay, so the story that went up four hours ago then is
like behind, because this has already been confirmed, it's no longer a rumor.
Yeah, well, Destructoid, they ran their story 16 hours ago, apparently, and they just picked
up on, uh, uh, Neo Games Are Fun, I guess.
They ran their, this, uh, was posted yesterday, so, I don't know, people are just figuring
it out now.
Does, see, that's why you gotta read myself closely, because, I don't know, I like...
Well, Destructoid called D3 to get confirmation, so maybe you'll be in the office on Tuesday
and you're...
Who told you that?
Uh, uh, um...
CheapAss, well, they say, they reference CheapAssGamer.
But they also have Neo, but they also have, uh, NeoGAF, though, like, right above that
link, if you noticed.
Wait, you know what, that's kind of fucked up, though, because it really wasn't CheapAssGamer.
It's somebody on a blog on CheapAssGamer who starts off by referencing you.
You know, and that, that's, that really was not CheapAssGamer doing that at all.
It had nothing to do with that.
It was that user.
So either that user or you should have been credited.
I mean, I'm not to, I'm just saying.
A little bit, a little bit.
I don't really care that I'm not credited, and it was, it's, uh, Blue Swim, which I believe
is one of our listeners.
Yeah, I've heard that name before.
It's one of our listeners.
Uh, yeah, so...
And it's, I get it, that website does little personal blog things, and he's excited about
this game like you are.
And then, as, as he should be, it's an exciting game.
But yeah, I understand that, because they wanna run that, because, you know, they run
that kind of crap.
And now they have more proof other than me saying it, because, you know, while I have
a strong track record, I can't be trusted, because that's apparently why they didn't
run the story in the first place.
I see.
I see.
Because they need some physical proof, because I could just be spoutin' off crap.
Because, you know, that's what I do all the time.
I don't know.
It's, it's stupid.
Alright.
We're over it.
Let's get poses.
I'm over it.
Yeah, let's get poses.
Kind of, just kind of funny.
I am gonna beg them, though, for a copy of that game.
I'm like, you need to send that to me now!
Alright, we're gonna take a break.
We'll be right back with more of Orange Launch Radio.
Uh, tonight's the marathon, folks.
We're, uh, about almost two hours in already, and we've got plenty more show to come.
Uh, we still have the main show.
We are gonna do Twitter topics, rapid-fire stories, uh, some news about the iPod Touch
you're gonna get into, uh, some iPod-related news, um, Xbox Live Arcade, price drop for
the DSI, the mailbags, the FUs, all that good stuff when we come back with more of Orange
Lounge Radio.
And we are gonna be taking a music break here.
Um, I'm gonna be editing the podcast a little differently.
It's just gonna kind of jump-skip into the next segment, so I apologize for the sloppy
editing, but we can't play the copyrighted music on the podcast.
Uh, we are gonna take a quick break, though, here in studio.
Um, we'll do some music.
By the way, today's break music is, like, all music that we used to play on, uh, OLR
during, uh, when we were an actual station back in, what, like, 02, 03, so.
We're, cause we're awesome that way.
Yes.
So we'll be right back after this with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Don't go anywhere.
About five minutes.
Marathon continues.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live on this Saturday, or, sorry, Sunday, September the 5th of 2010.
It's our marathon episode.
We're still in kind of the main part of the show.
Uh, there's been a lot of people asking if this marathon is gonna be podcast.
Yes.
We're gonna podcast it.
Um, it'll go up on the feed in kind of different chunks throughout the week.
Uh, but we wanna have, like, a main, you know, first off, I don't know how people are gonna
listen to, like, 12 hours of marathon throughout the week, but I suppose we have a lot of people
at work and so forth that listen to a lot of podcasts while they do, you know, whatever
desk job they might have.
Um, so, you know, we'll put it out for those guys.
But, um, for those that only want, like, the three hour OLR that they're used to, we're
kind of taping our usual show for you of all the segments we usually do, and we'll save
some of the special stuff for a little later.
So anyhow, um, let's get back into the marathon.
It's just about four o'clock.
We started at about two.
Uh, we're gonna get back into some more, um, news.
We're gonna do some rapid fire news, as we always do about this time in the show.
Twitter topics coming up, and I haven't seen a lot come through on Twitter.
Maybe I, I didn't ask earlier enough for stuff, but we'll see.
So Twitter topics, uh, if you're hearing my voice, you wanna get some Twitter topics in,
send those in.
Meanwhile, Loki, what do you got for us?
Oh, try to ref- hey, on Twitter topics, guys, try to refrain from just linking us to news
stories, because we have a lot coming up later in the marathon, too.
Um, you know, not that we don't appreciate that, but, uh, we probably are covering it
at some point.
Yeah.
But if you have good questions or, or feedback on an earlier story or something, that's definitely
what we're looking for tonight.
All right, so let's get into some rapid fire news.
Loki.
Uh, there was an Easter egg discovered from, uh, Wave Race, Blue Storm, uh, yes, that old
game.
Um, they actually just found a, uh, what was it?
It's an Easter egg that kinda changes some of the announcer audio, um, in the game.
He starts B-rating you, and then also, for some reason, when you do your boost, it goes
meow-meow, which is, I'm sure Irene would get a kick out of that.
But, uh, yeah, it's, um, it's interesting, though, and apparently it's just, uh, a key
press that you do in one of the options screens, um, but yeah, it's funny that games, even
though they're out, you know, that long, that some Easter eggs are just, you know, haven't
been discovered yet.
I remember there was one that was a couple weeks ago about, um, it was a Splinter Cell
game, and they actually had it where, uh, there was a mission, a secret mission where
you had to recover, um, or had to find all these, uh, space seals that were hidden in
the game.
It was a special, uh, save the seals mission, which is kinda weird.
Um, there is a, uh, a game from Activision called Blood Drive that's, uh, I guess the
information has been leaked out from the BBFC, um, I also saw it on their list, um, and it
is gonna be a combat racing game.
They, uh, guess, uh, the marketing shill, as they, uh, put it, is, uh, it's Shaun of
the Dead meets Mad Max in Death Race.
So basically a game that's cheesy and very gory.
That sounds like fun.
Yeah, it sounds awesome.
And, uh, it is somewhat budget priced, it's $50 retail, and, uh, it'll be coming out in
November.
So, uh, that'd be cool.
I'm, I'm down for combat racing games.
And cheesy is good, as long as it's a good game.
You know, not necessarily a terrible driving game.
I don't know what universe $50 is a budget game, but I get it, I get it's $10 cheaper,
but, yeah.
Slightly cheaper.
Hey, there you go!
It's a combat game instead of a normal 360 game, you've saved your $10 that you can spend
on live.
Uh, dance, it's your stage.
Coming out on Xbox Live Arcade September 8th, as I like to reiterate, it was a terrible
game!
But anyways, in case you're still curious about it, it is, um, a port of a German Wii
game developed by Sproing, and, uh, I guess you, uh, you'll practice 20 unique choreographies
and dance your way from the street stage all the way to the TV studio, under the watchful
eye of, uh, Detlef, Detlef D. Seust?
Some douche!
Who, who is basically, uh, some German dancer, choreographer, um...
Like I said.
Honestly, uh, like I said before, it's a terrible game.
It's just, it doesn't play very well, and, um, you know, if you look at the screenshots
that they have of it, it's got this really weird, um, not like a note highway or something,
but it's, it's sort of like DDR where they've got, you know, arrows coming down the screen,
but it's two different rows of arrows, see, as you can see right here, and, um, you have
to kind of move them in different, move your controllers in different directions to match
that, the different analog sticks, and while that might be cool and stuff to do on, like,
say, you know, a dance pad or something, it's really awkward on the controller, especially
since, you know, one side doesn't correspond to certain directions, it's just mixed all
over the place, and, uh, the music's terrible, so don't buy it.
Nice.
Instead, you need to buy some other games.
Um, I think, uh, Plants vs. Zombies might be this week, so, you know, check that out.
Uh, then of course, uh, the new iPod Touch with iOS 4, the, uh, retina display and, uh,
game center has been, uh, revealed at the new, uh, Apple event that was this week, uh,
is available in the 8 gigabyte model for $229, 32 gigs for $299, and a 64 gig model for $399.
It is coming out next week, and it basically has all the wonderful features of the new
iPhone 4, except, of course, no GPS, um, no phone, and, uh, much, much cheaper, I think,
but, um, yeah, we will be picking one of those up myself.
Also, uh, some of the other stuff that they, um, announced at the event, of course, the
new Apple TV for $99, um, which is kind of cool, I guess, if you're into that.
And then, um, something else that was kind of cool, one of the things that they're really
kind of pushing that, you know, the iPhone and iPod is like a gaming platform, Project
Sword, which is a game that's running on the Unreal 3 engine, and, um, is coming out from
Epic, and actually looks pretty good, so it is a sword fighting game that is, uh, focused
on one-on-one battles, so kind of like, uh, oh, there's a, some Wii game that came out
that's kind of similar to that, hopefully not like the Castlevania fighting game, but,
uh, looks pretty good, and it's kind of amazing to see that they ported the Unreal 3 engine
to, you know, iOS, so neat.
Neat.
Alright, um, do you, now, Alan, you were talking about something earlier that you'd seen about
this whole mess, right?
Yeah, I've been reading on Joystiq and Kotaku about a free tech demo that Epic released,
um, this week called Epic Citadel for the iPhone 4, and also for the new iPod Touches
that are coming out, and it's basically the engine that this, uh, sword game is gonna
be running on, but it's pretty much just you and the touch interface and, like, a town,
and all you can do is really just walk around and look at stuff, but the graphics, I guess,
the way they ported the Unreal engine into the phone is so good that you just can't believe
that you're getting this on an iPhone, and the videos for it, for those that want to
look it up on Google, it's called Epic Citadel, it's free on the App Store, so whoever has
a new iPhone can download it and check it out, it's supposed to be amazing.
I'm downloading it right now.
You know, it's really sad, is all they would really have to do now with the iPhone to really
kind of compete in the market, well, I mean, they already are competing in the market with,
like, the Nintendo DS and the PSP, but they're really kind of...
Well, they came out at the conference, they took a shot at Nintendo and Sony and said
that they've sold more than those two combined, although it's, it's fuzzy math, but yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I understand.
Alright, I'm downloading it.
But to basically kind of deliver that finishing blow, if you would put it, if they added,
like, some sort of actual buttons, you know, some sort of controller interface to that,
it would be, I mean, how are you going to compete with that?
I mean, now you've got, you know, a platform that's very popular, the apps are really cheap,
and the games are actually getting to be on par, if not better, than some of the stuff
that's on the PSP and on the DS.
Yeah, it really is the one thing that the iPhone, iTouch, whatever is missing is a tangible
controller.
I mean, if they could have that, it would be amazing.
When you were playing Sonic 2 on the iPhone 4 at the Apple Store, they had to bring the
screen in a little bit to, like, a little thumbnail so that it could put a little, a
digital D-pad and buttons on there, and it really affected the gameplay.
Yeah, it sure did.
So we'll see.
An alpha-kinanogram in our chatroom at chat.orangesondre.com agrees, seriously, Apple just needs to make
a controller shell for it.
Takeo Ray in our chatroom says, yes, Epic Citadel is all eye candy, and it looks sweet.
Here's something, I mean, we've kind of thrown this idea out for a while now, um, you know,
what if Apple made a gaming console?
Well, what if they did that?
I mean, the Apple TV's down to $99, who's to say they can't come up with some sort of
wireless Bluetooth controller or something that works with Apple?
All they have to do is put iOS on that box.
Yeah, iOS on the box to make it, you know, a more...
Yeah, a wireless controller.
Maybe a little bit more powerful, you know, like, kind of like an iPhone or something
like that.
And, you know, then now your games are really cheap, it's all digital, but, you know, and
make a portable system.
They're gonna...
Sony better step up, because, seriously, right now they're really slacking as far as their
system goes, and, you know, they're gonna lose it really quick.
We'll see.
All right, well, speaking of the iPhone, Mirror's Edge and Puzzle Agent also came out on the
iPhone.
Those were releases earlier this week.
Uh, Mirror's Edge, uh, was already out on the iPad, but now it's on the iPhone.
On the iPad it was ten bucks, and now it's only gonna be five bucks on the iPhone.
Uh, Telltale is, uh, trying out a game release on, uh, iPhone.
It's Puzzle Agent.
You might remember this came out on PCs a little bit ago.
Uh, that is, uh, where Telltale games are about approximately on the other iDevices.
So, um, yeah, they're on the App Store, and, uh, check those out if you, uh, are interested
in either of those series.
Uh, otherwise, going back to the more traditional consoles, on the Xbox Live Arcade, uh, King
of Fighters Sky Stage is supposed to be hitting the Japanese Xbox Live Arcade on September
15th.
Uh, it's gonna be costing, uh, ten dollars, eight, eight hundred Microsoft Points, or
whatever that converts to in Yen.
Uh, and that is the one, by the way, where, like, Terry Bogard and Mai are, like, shooters.
This is that one that's the whole, like, King of Fighters are in a shooting game.
Remember that?
Yeah.
That's this game.
So, a lot of the, uh, horizontal screen real estate is just taken up with pretty pictures
of, of Terry and Mai there.
And lastly, for my little bit here, Tron Evolution has a release date, and there's also a sweet
collector's edition to go with it.
The release date is December 7th.
I think that's a couple weeks before the movie.
Uh, Tron, it, it's kind of interesting that Disney's doing this twice, because Epic Mickey
has a collector's edition, too.
But, uh, with Tron Evolution, for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360, there will be the, um, collector's
edition.
It comes with a toy model light cycle from Schlight, from Sideshow Collectibles, a display
case for it with a drawer to keep the game in.
It's $130, which, you know, so you're paying an extra, what, $70 for this figurine, but
I gotta say, that's a sweet-looking figurine.
That's, it's like a little light bike from the new movie.
That is, I don't know if I, if it actually lit up, I might have to do it, but, uh, no
word on that yet.
I would just wait and see, because they're gonna have collectible toys and stuff, I'm
sure, when the Tron stuff comes out.
Very true.
You could probably buy one standalone that would be a lot cooler than that.
Um, it just, those collector's editions, man, sometimes it's a real waste of money.
However, though, you know, the Black Ops one that they have coming out now with that
little car that has, like, a camera on it and stuff?
Those things are actually out now as some other device, um, but, I mean, they're really
popular in, like, the hacking community, because they're so easy to modify to do a bunch of
different things, like installing Linux and crap on it and stuff, so it might be a good
buy to actually get that, or if, you know, you're smart, you'll just go buy the actual
toy that's out now instead of spending, you know, the extra money.
Tron is awesome, but any game that's a movie tie-in, eh, not sure of what.
I don't know, this game looks pretty awesome.
I gotta say, I played it at E3, and it was kinda cool, because it was like Prince of
Persia, but with Tron graphics, and, like, apparently it's heavily influenced with Capoeira,
like all the fighting is based on Capoeira.
I gotta say, it was kinda rad, but Shane was watching me play it, and, you know, Shane
didn't really see Tron as a kid, because I think he was, like, born the year it came
out or something, um, so, like, I know, right, so I think, like, he was looking at it going,
there's not a lot of graphics in this game, what is, and I'm like, that's, it looks like
Tron, Tron looked like that, you don't understand, it's okay, it's stylistic, so he wasn't as
into it as I was, though, but I was playing the demo, and I was like, this is cool.
Yeah, they have a little cinematic teaser or something, or maybe an intro, or one of
the cutscenes in the game, but they have it where, you know, the main guy, cause it kinda
reminds me a lot of, like, the forts unleashed, almost, you know, he's chasing after these
guys on light cycles and stuff, and one of the recognizers, and, you know, he's chasing
after them, and all of a sudden, you know, he kills one of them with the disc on the
actual light cycle, and then they start shooting at him, he jumps up, like runs along the wall,
and then transforms back into the light cycle again, it's just fucking sweet.
I gotta admit, every time, like, I've been to the movies a couple times lately, and that
trailer usually plays, and every time they show the trailer for the new Tron movie, I
get a little stiffy, it looks awesome.
We need to see that in 3D, IMAX, in with those D-Box motion seats, just do the full shebang.
As soon as those tickets go on sale, like, I'm almost wanting to go to L.A. just to see
it at the official Disney theater, cause I'm that crazy.
I'd go with you.
I know you would.
If you paid for gas.
Maybe.
We'll see.
Really?
We'll see.
You gotta pay your own way into Disneyland if we go by there, but, we'll figure that
out.
We may not have two.
We'll see, we'll see.
Alright, speaking of Disneyland, now here, now Dark Sakura, as if that wasn't enough,
wait for this.
It's a Tron world, after all.
Yeah, they are actually putting Tron in Disneyland.
No people movers not coming back, sadly.
Get this, Electronica launches in October.
It's the digital dance party.
It's going in Disney California Adventure, and they're gonna turn the Hollywood section
of California Adventure into this whole, like, Tron section, it's like a big dance party.
They're gonna do a recreation of Flynn Arcade.
It'll be at Electronica, and, uh, yeah, it's gonna be this huge event that starts October
8th.
I better have all the games in there.
And this is what pisses me off.
That's a week after I'm gonna be there anyway for gay days.
So mad.
Bitches.
But, that means I have to go back.
So it's October 8th until, I think, we need to go.
Like, are we that crazy?
Yes.
Yes.
We're going.
So there'll be no show the week the Tron movie comes out because Dark Sakura and I
are gonna go see, uh, see it at the official 3D Disney theater in Anaheim.
Yes.
Yes, we are.
Wow.
We're gonna travel across country to see a movie in a theater.
Yes.
We're worse than the Twilight fans in some regards.
If only we could do that here and see a movie in a theater.
But you don't understand because then when it's over, we can go to the Electronica party,
and then we can ride Space Mountain a million times.
They should actually redo Space Mountain as Tron Mountain for the movie.
Well there's a rumor that if the Tron thing is really successful and the movie does really
well that the Tomorrowland arcade is going to permanently be Flynn's arcade.
That will make me completely giddy.
Yeah.
I think that's the way it should be too.
So everybody is.
I hope that the reproduction Flynn's that they do is gonna have all the old games and
everything too.
I don't care.
It apparently is the same as our game that's been at like Comic Con and some of that stuff
has been traveling around a little bit.
But I don't care if this new Tron movie is terrible.
You all need to satisfy like what I've built it up in my mind of seeing this as a child
and you all need to go see this movie opening day so it does well.
And dude, it's twice.
It's Flynn's the bad guy.
At least I think he is.
Or is he?
It might be a clone.
It's Clues the bad guy.
All right.
Anyway.
Yeah.
I'm so excited.
Takeo Ray is in our chat room saying, oh, the marathon's affecting Sky already.
Stiffy's crazy trips to Disneyland.
It's over.
Uh, chat.orangeontrader.com.
Uh, let's see.
Break Man.
Disney's gonna make a live nerd dance party.
Yes they are.
Nerd dance party.
And you know if Dark Soccer and I are gonna be there, it's an extra nerd dance party.
We need to figure out what day that is and like announce our arrival well in advance.
We need sparkly silver clothes.
Cause we need to get some of our LA peeps to gum.
We need Marissa.
We need Marissa.
Uh, to, to shake her boobies at this.
We need DJ Tyrant to show up and, and write a story for the website once every six months
or so.
Disneyland friends.
People who work there.
Yes.
We love you.
Yeah.
We need, we need our cast member friends that work there to show up.
We need a, I know we have other LA listeners, so we're going to figure out what day this
is and the minute tickets go on sales.
We got to get them.
Okay.
You're doing this.
Oh my God.
I'm so excited.
Maybe Scott can come with you.
Scott's in LA.
Yeah.
There we go.
I don't know.
I don't know if this, of course I'm making all these plans while Dan's in the other room
going, probably going the fuck she is, Dan, we're going to go see Tron at Disneyland.
Okay.
He said, Oh, we have it on the air.
Dan, I'll take it.
Put Dan in the car.
Dan's coming with us.
I don't care.
We ain't working.
All right.
Anyhow.
Spazinator in chat says Sky will try to get Loki to build him a real light cycle.
I just might.
All right.
I don't know how to build motorcycles.
Well, you better learn real quick.
Okay.
Let's move on with some other quick stories that was supposed to be a quick story ended
up taking like 15 minutes.
Dark Sakura.
Namco is remaking arcade classics actually, um, coming out for we is going to be Namco
museum mega mix, which has, um, different remixed games, um, like the Gallagher remix,
um, the Pac-Man rail shooter thing.
Um, there's also going to be though, um, an old school game called Grobda remix, which
is a shimupi game.
So yay.
Also of course, Pac-Man, Mappy, Rally X, Galaga, wah wah.
And then, um, for Sims 3 fans like myself, Barnacle Bay, they're getting on the big pirate
bandwagon.
And you know what my theory about this is, is that, okay, they're putting out downloadable
content so that you can have a, you know, like a, it's a whole town of piratey goodness,
but I think they're really getting the inspiration from all these players that have made their
own pirate stuff.
So there's like, oh, we'll do it too.
So anyway, it's going to be, uh, coming out.
Can you make Johnny Depp walk the plank?
I wish.
Um, and then, um, for, uh, people who may be a little bit pissed off with Xbox in September,
there's Halo freebies.
Yay.
So with the launch of Halo Reach, um, it's going to be, uh, uh, the 14th through 20th
will be invasion week and, um, you get new gear, exciting content, help Microsoft, spectacular
prizes, and a chance to play with creators of the game.
And that was a quote.
Um, also Xbox live gold, um, uh, features to silver members on September 17th, 2017
through 20th.
And anyone who gets online can download the invasion theme.
Um, I just see master chiefs running around in party hats.
Also as well, um, resident evil five avatar outfits and game add ons will be discounted.
September 13th puzzle games, um, uh, we'll be getting the, uh, DOTW deal best to move
live puzzle Chronicles tower blocks, deluxe or knock down, um, to 400 Microsoft points,
five bucks and gerrymancers going from a 1200 to 800 and then a rock band three avatar stuff.
And, uh, I also on the marketplaces bully scholarship edition and cabellas African safari,
which isn't Africa.
Speaking of all this, are we allowed to talk about what I'm dance playing in the front
room right now?
Or is that like a no, no topic?
No, no.
Okay.
No, no.
Nevermind.
This completely unrelated to what we were just talking about.
I mean, we can talk about it, but I don't know where he got it.
Me neither.
Oh, sweet.
Oh, we're getting more people committing to coming to all this could be awesome.
All right.
Anyhow.
Um, let's move on.
Uh, did you have a story you want to do?
Loki?
Yeah, sure.
Oh wait, I got to do Twitter topics.
Oh my gosh.
I don't want to forget the tweets.
Let's do Twitter topics.
Okay.
That'll give you a little more time to think about that story.
Twitter.com slash O L R. If you want to send us a tweet, we only have a few tonight probably
because I said, don't send us links.
Also.
I don't think I could, I'd be, I don't think tiger claws and chat tonight, like, is he
okay?
He might've, he probably went on vacation for labor day.
Like most people do.
So I'm just, I, every night I expect to see links from tiger claw.
They're not there tonight.
So I was, I just, what do we need to send a search party to his home?
Cause this is not typical, but I think he's, I think he's probably on a trip.
All right, let's move on.
Uh, our, our good buddy, uh, Jay Jugo and uh, on Twitter is saying breakdown for the
wind by OLR because they're playing the old school, uh, music tonight from our old rotation,
which is all the old, uh, all the old Bahmani music and so forth.
Uh, Marin Marvel speaking of people we may or may not see at the Tron thing is OLR marathon
night, a horrible night to have a curse.
Yes.
Um, what curse, what would be a bad curse to have during the, what would be a bad curse
to have during the OLR marathon?
Literary vampires.
Probably diarrhea would be a bad curse to have actually during this night.
So we better not get pizza.
All right.
Um, let's see more, uh, tweets here.
Leo Shen sends us a tweet, blaze blue continuum shift two announced for arcades and three
new characters are on the way.
He does link us to the official website and I don't think this is a story that even comes
up later.
The, now the official website is all in Japanese, so I can't say a whole lot else with this,
but, uh, for those of you guys that are fans of this series, you played this game, right?
Uh, Alan, I think Loki, you might have a little bit too.
I have, yeah, I have the, um, the arcade version on my cabinet.
Did you have this one game fly one week?
It was the very first game I got with game fly and I brought it over to your house.
So I guess that weekend a new one coming out.
So that's pretty cool.
All right.
Uh, tail Ray sends us a tweet, would y'all be interested in doing the extra life marathon
this year?
Donations go to your local CMN hospital, which if I'm not mistaken is children's miracle
network.
I think.
Uh, I do remember these tweets from last year.
God, has it been a year already?
I guess so.
Uh, October 16th.
Whew.
Um, it depends.
We do.
We try to do this last year and something happened.
Uh, yeah, it just didn't work out.
Something happened.
It didn't work out.
Um, uh, if we can't participate directly, we'll definitely donate at least.
Uh, but we'll see, I don't want to commit just yet, especially after doing a marathon
tonight.
Um, I don't know if we could do like a full, full, full marathon, especially ever having
just done one tonight.
We should have waited, huh?
Uh, but we'll see.
I just don't want to promise and not have it happen cause that's happened before and
it felt like we felt really poopy doing that.
So, but we'll see.
If nothing else, we will mention it lots on the show and help donate.
Uh, Spazinator PSN sends us some tweets.
For those that have a PS3 and care, there's an episode of Campus PD on the PSN store that's
temporarily free.
It's under TV shows and free.
Hey, I like free things.
That's good.
Campus PD is like cops, but with more boobs.
Is there, is that what it really is?
Yeah, that's what Campus PD is.
It's wow.
And interestingly enough, it's on G4.
Oh, wow.
This is what I watched early in the morning.
Drunken sorority chicks?
It's it's basically just cops on, like there was an episode of that I watched that they
were busting some guys for having, you know, pot in a frat house or something like that
because they saw it through a window.
And so they came in and it was just a bunch of hippie college kids complaining that you
don't have the right to enter my premises, blah, blah, blah, blah.
It's in plain sight.
I see it right here.
Therefore, it gives us, you know, probable cause to enter your residence.
So shut the fuck up, Mr. Law Major.
Pot in a frat house?
You don't say.
I know.
Get out.
Get right out of town.
It was.
No.
Oh, my gosh.
I just used to call stuff like that VCRs.
We called my friends rats VCRs.
Next thing you tell me, there's going to be underage drinking in the dormitories.
Don't.
And then they have the new season that has, they have the spring break season that's coming
out this fall.
That's basically just more chicks and if you've watched Cops in like Mardi Gras or whatever,
they have that episode or whatever, Ho Ho Ho, their special, like, you know, episodes
with all the prostitutes that they're picking up and stuff.
Put your top back on, ma'am.
Ma'am.
Put your shirt back on, ma'am.
Come with me, ma'am.
We had anything to drink tonight, ma'am.
Yeah.
I mean, it's, yeah.
Wonderful programming.
This is what they put.
Can you believe Cops is still on?
Like Cops started like when Fox Network started in like 87 and it is still on.
Well, that America's most wanted.
Still going.
That's true.
John Walsh, John Walsh still hosted after all these years?
Probably.
Didn't they finally find who killed his son like just not that long ago and it turned
out the guy died?
Well, the guy that was already in prison, I think, kept confessing and then recanting
it like four times so they couldn't, but yeah, it's probably on his Wikipedia.
Oh, probably.
That was a horrible story, though, what happened?
Yeah.
Because he was, it actually involves video games.
He was playing like an Atari 2600 when he got kidnapped, right?
Or something like that, at a Sears or something?
I think so.
Or watching other kids play it, I think?
I don't know.
Anyway.
Sorry.
Don't mean to be a downer on the show.
Wah wah.
Wah wah.
Wah wah.
That was it for the Twitter topics.
We'll have more tweets later on in the evening at Twitter.com slash O-L-R.
I'll be tweeting random stuff and Klingon, by the way.
Thank you.
From mine.
Dark Tetsuya says that Salacious Pop does a great state trooper.
There you go.
Ma'am, please.
Ma'am, don't walk, don't run out into the street, ma'am.
Put your shirt on.
Into the car, ma'am.
Brakeman in the chat says, ma'am, please put your shirt back on.
Oh, sorry, I meant sir.
Clearly that individual had moobs.
Alright.
Loki, do you have some more news for us?
Yes.
Music Unlimited is a service that's rumored, well, was rumored to be coming to the Sony
platforms.
It is now confirmed to be coming to the Sony platforms, as opposed to PlayStation 3 and
PSP.
It is, I guess, powered by curiosity, which is not a word, but according to Sony it is.
It is apparently going to be a music service that's cloud based that'll, at least it'll
be coming out in Europe, and subscribers will have access to millions of songs, and then
of course it's going to be very similar to kind of the Zoom pass that's on, you know,
Microsoft service.
And so in addition, the service will be compatible with Bravia TVs, Blu-ray disc players, home
theater systems, and Vio computers, with one single account without a need to manage digital
files so you can listen to a bunch of stuff.
So am I correct in assuming this is just more of that corporate synergy with Sony music?
I think so, yeah.
And so probably a movie thing is, well I guess they already have movies on Sony Marketplace,
so I guess, never mind, but maybe more TV.
Just want a piece of the apple pie.
Piece of the apple pie.
All coming together.
I mean, I guess if they've had movies and TV all this time, I mean, where the hell's
the music been?
Once in a while they'll have like a game soundtrack or something, but you know, they haven't done
a major music store at all, that's for sure.
They haven't done anything major on their services.
So yeah, I don't know.
Alright.
Well, let's move on and talk about, going back to the iPhone stuff a little bit, I actually
have, I used to play this game a lot, it was Aurora Faint, it was kind of a Bejeweledy
type game that they have on the iPhone.
Well these guys are really taking these to the next level.
They've written their own platform called Open Faint, which is sort of what you could
say inspired the whole Game Center thing that Apple is set to launch, I believe next week,
which in turn is sort of their version of Xbox Live.
Open Faint, of course, trying to be competitive with the press conference and some of the
news about Game Center that came out, has announced their own deal here.
Aurora Faint is making Open Faint and it's called Playtime is this new thing.
It's going to be a real-time multiplayer gameplay, get this, between iOS and Android devices.
It's bridging the gap and that's something Game Center, you know, is never going to do.
So Playtime is actually going to bridge that gap.
It will allow real-time voice chat during the gameplay across these platforms.
CEO Jason Citrone of Aurora Faint said, quote, traditionally, multiplayer technology has
been accessible only to top-tier developers.
It's just too complicated and time-consuming.
So he invented Playtime, which literally takes one day to integrate into a casual game.
More information about this, VoIP lobbies and matchmaking for casual games, expanding
to incorporate team-based voice chat, 16-player game servers for the core titles.
So it definitely sounds like they're trying to build this thing up.
And as far as I know, it doesn't cost money.
Here's the thing, though.
The games I've noticed on my phone that do support this, it kind of gets in the way.
You only have so much real estate on the iPhone screen and I sort of get annoyed when I try
to launch a game and I get this whole, register now for Open Faint, you do do.
And I'm just like, fuck off, I want to play my Commodore 64 emulator.
You know, I don't need VoIP to play The Last Ninja on the Commodore 64, get out.
So some of it is kind of annoying, like they need to tone it down a little bit.
You know, it's nice that it's there.
This technology is cool.
I think it's great that they're bridging the gap, but don't throw it in my face.
Like stop, have it a little button in the corner that I can use.
I guess it hides once you do kind of sign in, it's just annoying.
I don't like trying to go into a game for the first time and it's like, sign up!
Like Tap Tap Revenge 3 I tried playing for the first time and it's like, sign up for
Tapulous and connect to your Facebook and like, fuck off!
I just want to tap my screen in time to stuff.
What are you looking at over there, DarkStalker?
Is that that...
Epic Citadel.
Oh, the Epic Citadel thing we were just talking about earlier?
That's pretty damn nice.
Nice.
Maybe I'll take some screen captures.
We'll see.
Let's see.
I have no idea how to pronounce this, Beta CNCRA, it says, I don't care about ads, they
should go die.
Go away ads.
Well, I understand that ads are what it takes to support some free things, but some of these
like open, faint games are things I pay for.
And that's where things get really annoying.
So I'm just saying.
Anyhow.
Chat.OrangeLawnsRadio.com if you want to chat with us live here at Orange Lawns Radio as
we tape our super long episode today, Labor Day Weekend.
Dark Soccer, are you going to have to put that down and talk about what you've got in
gaming news?
Stuff.
Like?
Hey, can you give me a chance to finish?
Well, you know, American McGee is doing another Alice game, Alice Madness Returns.
But it's going to be not over the top, so they're saying.
It's going to be adult and mature.
But it's definitely going to be an M-rated title, but it's not like they're doing it
just to make it an M-rated title.
They want it to be, you know, with the established universe, but have it be something more for
an adult to grasp.
Not for kids.
It's not Disney.
And they don't want to make it extra violent, extra gory, extra bloody.
They want the content itself, the subject matter, to be where it gets the M-rating.
If that makes sense.
I think it's going to be fun.
I mean, it's not going to be like over the top Mortal Kombat style blood, but they still,
you know, Alice is still going to cut things, right?
I'm sure if she stabs something, it'll bleed.
Just won't, you know, gush a geyser of blood.
I'm really not sure how to take a news story like that.
It's like they're saying like, well, we're not trying to go for a mature rating, but
our game will have mature content, but it's necessary to the plot.
That's like telling an actress, like, your topless scene is integral to the plot.
Like it's.
It always is.
It's statistically important to the story that you're naked in this scene.
Highbrow going for exactly like, you know, when the killer gets you in the shower, you
see, you need to be topless because you're in the shower.
Like I'm talking about like dealing with like mental illness or an abusive childhood topless
scenes or I agree the type of the type of topic though considered mature and adult would
be something like the character itself is supposed to be kind of nuts and living a very
unhappy life.
And a brothel full of topless women.
Well, usually the the protagonists in Silent Hill games, once you finally find out what
their origin is, it's like, whoa, that's really messed up.
He did what to his wife or like the little girl who her special bad guy was the the daddy
chained to the door with the knife trying to do dirty things.
Takeo Ray in our chat room says the 3D boobs in Piranha 3D were very important to its plot.
That's a movie I haven't seen yet, but I think I need to, even though I think that a lot
of those gore movies are kind of stupid, like it's like when it knows it's over the top.
Sometimes they're really funny, but sometimes you got to have boobs in there just to show
your cheese.
But what I don't understand is that they're like, there's actually a version.
This was great.
It was in the local paper.
They were talking about the local drive ins and how they're still going.
And they were showing Piranha at the drive in, but it's not 3D because you can't do 3D
on a drive in screen.
And they were interviewing this lady who took her, it had nothing to do with this fact,
but it should have.
She took her six and eight year old to go see Piranha.
And I'm not one to tell you what to do with your kids, but at the same time, I couldn't
help and look at that, but go really, really bad parenting.
You're going to take your six year old to go see Piranha and it's not even in 3D.
Does that make it better?
I don't know.
And then you take them to the lake the next day and then they don't want to go to the
lake anymore.
Dartetsuya says, oh, speaking of gore movies, apparently Saw is getting a 3D version.
Do not want.
I heard that.
Do not want.
See, there's one.
See, I like it when it's over the top, but I don't like it when it tries to be real like
Saw does.
Do you want to see Machete?
I want to see Machete.
Derek H in chat says Machete has fake Lindsay Lohan boobs.
I heard there was nudity from La Lohan in that.
As I described, as I described Machete this morning, it's a movie based off a trailer
based off a fake movie.
Definitely want to see it.
You know what else is cool?
They saw a new trailer for Hobo with a Shotgun.
What?
Yeah.
Hobo with a Shotgun is also from Grindhouse.
It was actually, they had a contest to have people create a fan trailer and that was the
one that won and now it's actually going to become a real movie.
Hobo with a Shotgun.
Wow.
Can I, can I share some news real quick?
I guess.
For players who play Star Trek Online, the C store is having a Labor Day sale, so I just
thought I'd share.
For all two of you that are playing Star Trek Online.
Hey!
Alright, moving on, Loki and me and then the mailbag at mailbagatorangeontradio.com.
Oh yes.
So you know, of course the Microsoft, you know, summer gaming thing worked out really
well for them, so they're going to do it again, but this time in the fall.
And they're going to call it the Microsoft Xbox Live Arcade Game Feast Promotion.
And there will be of course a bunch of games coming out.
It's I guess starting September 29th with Hydrophobia for 1200 Microsoft points, followed
by Comic Jumper on October 6th, also for 1200 Microsoft points.
Pinball FX 2 will be available October 13th, and guess what?
It's free!
And you can import your tables from the first Pinball FX game with each additional table
being purchased individually.
Well I like free!
Free is good!
Finally, also Super Meat Boy will be coming out October 20th to wrap the whole thing up.
So that'll also be 1200 Microsoft points.
Hopefully we'll be able to give you guys previews on each of these games soon because I've played
most of them already, so we will talk about them in coming weeks.
Alrighty.
Any of those games you think are worth buying based off of what you've played so far?
Comic Jumper was kind of fun.
It was a beat-em-up game, it has a really neat looking, it's kind of like a, oh, Comic
Zone but HD-ish.
The main character is kind of weird looking though.
He looks like a Ninja Turtle almost.
Ninja Turtle crossed with like, I don't know, some sort of Flash Gordon and Deadpool.
And then Super Meat Boy is supposed to be really good.
I was just disappointed that it was broken on a, you know.
Well it won't stay broken forever.
Yeah, it'll fix it eventually.
And Hydrophobia, I don't know about Hydrophobia.
Hey, price drop, the DSI and the DSI extra-large are going to be getting a, excuse me, hiccup
at a bad time.
Whoops.
In North America, the DSI and DSI extra-large are getting a price drop.
It's effective September 12th, so not just yet but real soon.
The handhelds will now be 150 for the DSI and 170 for the DSI XL.
Time to clear out that inventory before the 3DS comes out.
It's exactly what this is all about.
Price drops have also already happened in the UK and Japan.
I believe Australia had one as well.
So we're kind of the last one to be able to get on board with this.
This is to drive sales during the holiday season for those parents that aren't really
up and up on the stuff that's coming out in gaming.
And so they will spend their money and buy a DSI XL and then the 3DS will come out and
they'll have to buy that too.
So it's a win-win.
So yay, price drops and all that good stuff.
All right, let's move on to the mailbag.
Every week you guys send us emails and you know, if we feel like it, we'll read them.
No, we all, of course, of course we're going to read emails from you guys.
Mailbag at orangelaungeradio.com is the place to send those emails.
We're going to have Dark Sakura open up the old mailbag and dive in and pull out a letter
right now, but not until I play the music.
We actually got two emails, but I figured maybe in two hours I'll check the email, the
mailbox again.
Sure.
Yeah.
If you want to send more emails, we'll, we'll check for more emails later on tonight.
Sure.
Um, first one.
Hello.
I can finally listen live to your show.
OLR starts at 3 AM on Monday in Belgium.
Still, I can't call in tonight.
I'll wake everyone.
Show starts at 11 PM.
Anyways, I have a question for Loki.
I have all Sega guns, light phaser, menacer, stunner, slash virtua gun, and the dreamcast
gun.
My problem is that none of these guns, except for the menacer, work on newer TVs.
I currently don't have room for an old TV, so I was wondering if I could make these guns
work on a modern LCD TV.
And I'll just go ahead and close the email.
Thanks for a weekly OLR, you guys.
You're so awesome.
Cyberbeast, Belgium.
No, you can't.
Sorry.
And that's unfortunate, but you're not going to be able to do that because newer guns that
they have out now basically kind of have little light sensor bars or some sort of sensor bar
that attaches to the TV that you would use.
It's like Wii style.
Yeah, it's like the Wii or even if you want to go even older school, like the Power Glove.
It's basically just something because they can't do the refresh stuff on the TVs anymore,
so that's what the solution is now.
So unfortunately, you're not going to be able to use those on newer TVs.
That should answer the question.
Last email.
Hey guys.
Molten Brown here.
I was just- Ew.
It could be chocolate.
I hope so.
I was just listening to your last show and I wanted to take a shot at figuring out THQ's
warped reasoning.
Perhaps to THQ, the amount that they sell to their distributors depends on how many
people will buy the game new.
Since the distributors will only buy what they think they will be able to sell.
If the distributors are having a hard time unloading the new game because people are
buying it used, then they will decrease the amount of new games they buy from the producers.
This means that in the end, THQ and other producers will get less money since distributors
are buying less of their game.
While I don't agree with this reasoning, nor THQ's stance towards used gamers, I can-
I'm thinking of used gamers, like the gamers themselves being used.
I can-
I feel so used today.
I'm stent.
I can buy this program.
I can kind of see where they are coming from since they are in the business to make money.
Sad though it is, that's what it boils down to.
Well, keep up the good work and hopefully next time I will be awake enough to send a
longer email with some questions.
Your dutiful listener, Molten Brown.
The not gross version of Molten Brown.
Sadly, I don't think that's the case at all and here's why I don't think that.
Because the first game that they pulled that on was UFC 2010.
And really, they wouldn't have announced it to anybody until the day the game was released,
except the fact that Destructoid got a hold of, you know, I guess a source of somebody
who purchased the game before the street date and found out that it had this whole thing
on there anyways.
They weren't going to tell anybody about it until last minute.
Now, if the whole thing was to drive up sales of new products, they would have had to let
everybody know right away or at least a lot earlier than the street date in order to get
people to say, oh well, if I can't buy it used and connect online and have to pay this
extra money, I need to go buy it new now.
If that's their plan to drive sales up, really it's not.
It's all about them getting some extra money for selling a used title.
Really something that they really shouldn't have money for in the first place because
if you are, you know, buying the game new, well, someone's got to buy the game new at
one point and in that case, you know, the money that they would have made from that
sale would go to, you know, supporting the online stuff.
If someone else say, you know, if I happen to give my game to somebody else to play,
why should they have to pay an extra $10 to basically take up as much space on their network
as I was previously?
I don't see the point.
All it is is just a cash grab and they claim it's to make their online service better,
but if you can't, you know, if you can't make your online service better within the $60
price point, then you need to raise the price of your games.
Whether that's popular or not with your consumers, that's the risk you're going to have to take
if that's really an issue for you, but really it doesn't come down to making their service
better because as far as I'm aware, the UFC stuff, I don't think they've really done anything
to their online service, made it really awesome.
I don't think anyone's going, oh my God, the online UFC is so sweet.
This is way better than every other game I've ever played.
I don't think that's the case at all and I don't think that's ever going to be the case
with this stuff.
It's just an excuse that they're using to try to justify charging you an extra $10 if
you buy the game used.
So Break Man in their chat room says, quite simply, if that's a plan to drive up sales,
it's not a very good plan.
Yeah.
Because if that was their intent was to drive up new sales, because the way it works, it
goes either you're going to have your direct consumers or your direct retailers that you're
working with, like the Game Stops and whatever, or the distributors that they're working with.
So either way, they have customers that need to place orders with those companies, then
those companies say, okay, we have X number of pieces on order, here's how many pieces
we think we need, what we have on order plus a little bit of extra of a pad to sell later
on.
And that's what they place with the actual publisher.
If their intent was on driving up new game sales, then they would have let that news
out a lot earlier so that people would go, oh, okay, well then they need to buy a new
version of this game instead so that I can get my online content for no additional price,
which really doesn't make any sense anyways.
So they would have to do that in order for that to actually be true.
But they didn't, and now they're even talking about raising the price from $5 to $10.
So I think it's just a big old cash grab.
That's all it is.
At some point, the video game market is going to crash under the weight of all this.
It's because they think they need some extra money.
They think that, oh, hey, well we can make money off of each use sale because these damn
use sales, they're cutting into our new game sales.
Well, I don't know if that's the case at all because I think a lot of people that are planning
on buying those use games weren't going to buy your game new anyways.
Exactly.
Exactly.
And so regardless of the fact that you don't have online or online's extra or something
like that, they may just say, you know what, I don't need that game at all, and then they'll
be resentful against you and not buy your product going forward.
So it may have a negative impact.
And I think overall, it's not a really good move, but a lot of people are going to move
that direction anyways.
All right.
Let's move on to, I guess, appropriately following up all this ranting, a segment we do here
on the show every week called the FUs of the week, FU to having to take algebra.
Not that it's a hard class, just that I hate math.
FU to people that drive really slow in front of me or that are lost and don't seem to know
where they're going.
I like, I hate people that all of a sudden just cut over a couple lanes because they
miss their turn.
You know what?
If you miss your turn, you need to make a U-turn and then correct it that way instead
of just going, Oh my God, and cutting off everybody.
I don't really have a lot of angst, so I'll go with the driver FU to FU to SUV that totally
cut me off merging on an I-80 today.
She was a bitch.
Alan?
Uh, FU to hot weather, I guess.
I don't know.
I'm pretty mellow right now.
It's cause you live in Silent Hill.
I do.
Where it's always cold.
Yes.
And I'm not lying.
When you drive up the hill to get to Alan's house, it suddenly gets foggy.
It could be the middle of August and it's like fog.
Bradley, how you doing over there?
Do you have a nephew?
I have a nephew.
I'll have no free time starting Wednesday again for a few months.
Why is that?
Oh, my second job starts up again.
Oh, good times.
Good times.
All right.
Good luck.
All right.
That's it for the FUs of the week.
A few more news stories and then we'll get into your calls at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Won't be the first time tonight we'll be taking calls, but we will take some calls.
All right.
Uh, Loki, what do you got?
Um, Retro City Rampage is a game that they're showing off at PAX right now.
It's a WiiWare game that originally was supposed to be an NES title that was gonna be a port
of Grand Theft Auto 3, but then something happened where that didn't end up coming out.
Now it's kind of a Grand Theft Auto 1 and 2 type of game, but it's now just all sorts
of references for different 8-bit games that are in here.
It's supposed to be coming out on WiiWare in December, but I mean they have everything
from Contra references to Metal Gear to just all sorts of neat gameplay.
It just looks really cool and it's all done in kind of an 8-bit style.
And once again, actually that was the Grand Theft Auto 3 that ran on the NES is called
Project Grand Theft Endo was the original thing.
But it's really, really cool.
So definitely worth checking out once it comes out.
Hope it does actually come to Xbox Live Arcade or PlayStation Network as they were saying.
So that looks like a sweet game.
It actually does look really sweet.
I like those games that kind of like get in the retro, although I don't know, I wasn't
super duper into the Scott Pilgrim game for some reason.
Like it was okay, but maybe I didn't, I don't think I played enough of it actually, so I
don't know.
You're going to be picking this up though, Loki?
Yeah, I haven't really played the Wii in a long time, but I, I definitely.
Mine's still not, I didn't even buy the new Metroid.
I know that might be like shocking in awe, but I'm kind of just waiting for it to come
out on Xbox 360.
Like in my mind, I'm like, it'll come out on the 360 at some point.
Right.
Or the PS3.
I know.
I know.
I'm being stupid right now, but yeah, that's it.
And Rama's yelling at me saying, you need to play more Scott Pilgrim.
I know.
I do.
All right.
Going on to a one more story before the calls, you guys, uh, the fast racing league is something
coming out on WiiWare.
It's the futuristic fast racing league.
Hmm.
What could this be?
It's a jet rocket, I guess is the, uh, folks that make the game or is this, no, no, it's,
uh, that's the other game they made.
Shinen is the name of the company.
Uh, they're making this game, a game called fast racing league.
All there is is promotion art.
Uh, but there you go.
My thought when I look at this though, is that, gee, somebody's making F zero for the
Wii.
It's that they're not just calling it F zero.
It's it's fast racing league.
It looks like wipe out to me.
Super fast.
Well, wipe out's kind of like F zero in a way.
Yeah.
It's, it's all the same type of stuff, but I mean the vehicle design looks like wipe
out.
You know what though?
They need to be able to play that perfectly as a negcon.
Seriously.
Nothing is like playing wipe out with a negcon.
There you go.
All right, we're going to go to the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on
Skype is orange lounge radio.
You can go ahead and give us a call and we'll be taking your calls.
Usually this is the part of the show where I would go to last minute stories, but, um,
we actually are tabling those tonight because we still have more stories coming up during
the marathon.
Everything that was bumped tonight is coming up later during our marathon, so we'll get
into that unless there's any late breaking news from this morning.
I don't know if Loki has anything he wants to share from that.
I guess we could do that, but otherwise we're just waiting for the calls to come in at 1-877-GAME-OLR
or our username on Skype is orange lounge radio and we'll be taking your calls.
This is probably not the first time tonight that the Skype line will be open, uh, but
it's open right now.
So there you go.
The Borderlands level caps going up from 61 to 69.
Nice for free.
Why isn't Borderlands an MMO?
Usually when I hear about level caps going up, I go, Oh, it's like an MMO, uh, although
Borderlands kind of plays like a Warcraft type game, doesn't it?
Except it's like first person, but like, doesn't it have like the whole like exclamation marks
over people's heads and all that stuff.
And you've, you've played this game a little bit, right on your Borderlands is pretty much
like Diablo of Diablo was a first person shooter.
You know, you shoot someone and the number of how much damage you do and hit points appears
over their head.
A loot is random, so you've got to go through all the loot that you get and drop the trash.
It is pretty fun.
Yeah.
I was really glad to hear that I gearbox makers of Borderlands got the Duke Nukem forever
contract because I'm a huge fan of theirs because they're the ones.
See?
Yeah.
I forgot that they made Borderlands.
Oh, well.
Borderlands or a Duke Nukem forever is going to be fucking awesome then.
Yeah.
Cause they did the half-life blue shift and half-life, um, the one with the Marine, the,
for the, the other expansion I'm blanking right now, I'm a huge half-life Stan.
So anything that gearbox does, cause they're sort of a part of the valve family, I'm going
to be all for.
Whereas I don't think I've played a lot of their games.
I'm not sure.
All right, we're getting some calls.
We're going to go to the Skype line and see what's up.
Hi, you're on orange launch radio.
Who's this?
Hey, it's Ron.
I just want to know, is it happy hour yet?
Not yet.
I'm still waiting for my drink.
I'm supposed to get an hour and a half ago, but that's okay.
It's all good.
You're still waiting?
I already started.
Did you?
What's the drink of choice for you right now, Rama?
It says I have to grill tomorrow.
I've been doing nothing but rum and Pepsi all night.
So you have to grill tomorrow?
What is that?
I, I didn't know you were a chef.
I thought you worked at like a retail store.
I haven't worked retail in about three, four months.
You're at a restaurant now?
No, I'm talking about tomorrow.
I'm breaking out my grill.
Oh, Labor Day barbecue.
I get it.
Yes.
I'm just, I'm just slow.
Hi, Dan.
Oh, Dan just walked into studio.
How you doing, Dan?
Oh, Lord.
I'm doing good.
Good.
Are you going to be joining us for more of the marathon later on this evening as we move
on and take over your house for a night?
I don't think I have much of a choice.
Awesome.
Sounds great.
Yes.
All right.
So what types of games should we play a little bit during the marathon tonight?
At some point, I think we're going to move into the vault.
I don't know.
We're out in the living room.
I don't know what dark soccer has.
I told Dan to hook up Saturn for me.
All right.
The Saturn's hooked up.
Woo.
It's in the vault.
What are you going to play on the Saturn?
Big TV.
All right.
Anyhow.
I'm playing Xbox on the big TV.
All right.
I got to get back to the call.
We'll talk more of Dan later.
Yes.
Stay back.
All right.
Yes.
Sounds good.
Boy, last week's show was interesting.
Anyhow.
So what, what's interesting?
What's on your mind today, Rama, besides the whole happy hour?
I'm actually a little bit pissed at some of the people today.
I'm really pissed at people that are bitching about the $10 price increase on Xbox Live.
Why are you mad at them?
You're only paying $60 a year for this.
I understand why the price is going up.
Microsoft is actually putting the money into the infrastructure for improvements.
In order to make those improvements, something has to go up.
Unlike these other software companies who are trying to jack extra money out of us because
of used games, they can kiss my ass for all I care, but that's besides the point.
Yeah.
I was going to say, you know, I'm, I, it feels like we're getting nickeled and dimed in every
possible place here.
And it's like, I'm okay with Microsoft raising the price because they haven't in so long
and they've been supporting it fairly decently.
But then when I hear this online pass stuff is being allowed too, I get irritated.
You know what I mean?
Exactly.
And if people are complaining about it, like you said, buy the cards now or do what I do,
join reward zone.
They have a gamers club.
You buy games, you get points.
When you hit 150 bucks, you get a $10 gift card.
Use that toward your, your, your live.
You save 10 bucks that way.
So try to find different ways to exploit reward systems and point cards and all that good
stuff, right?
Yeah, exactly.
Plus, Microsoft does do a buck a month deals.
Those have popped up.
Oh, that's true.
Huh?
I think I've seen those.
Yeah.
I saw it pop up on my dashboard on April fool's and I tweeted about everyone thought I was
lying about.
I'm like, no, this is legit.
Here's a screen cap.
Interesting question from Derek H in our chat room.
What are the odds that when reach comes out, there will be problems connecting because
Xbox live is overloaded.
Then we'll see just how good their infrastructure is, right?
I haven't seen it go down yet, you know, so I don't think there will be much of an issue.
I'm trying to think if it ever has gone down.
Has Xbox live ever gone down in a non pre-planned way?
I'm sure it has for a little bit.
Yeah.
There was a few times.
Never like anything too Epic.
Right.
It was always a weird times too.
Wasn't it?
It was like around new years or something.
I think this year it was having issues.
I will be interested to see though.
I mean, he, Derek has a point if, if it goes down, then this whole fact that they're, you
know, charging the extra money to improve their infrastructure is kind of a line, isn't
it?
Well, yeah.
It's not because, um, you're really not going to be adding too many people to the actual
live service.
You're just going to have people playing a different game.
And Derek says it happened with Halo three and Halo two.
I don't remember it happening with Halo three, but then again, not to like sound beat sound
like that guy, but I had it a couple of days early, so I was playing it a little bit earlier.
So maybe I didn't notice it, but sometimes they try to do outages in advance to plan
for this stuff.
But yeah.
And I do remember a couple of times Major Nelson said, there's been issues with live
and within an hour or two, everything is back to normal.
So, you know,
Cause they know they're going to have to get hell, uh, with all these people paying for
it, which, you know, uh, whereas the PlayStation, uh, if you know, stuff goes down for them
and it's free anyway.
Right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Also there was, there was one time, a few times on like a, uh, one versus a hundred
where they had problems with that.
Oh really?
Yeah.
And it was kind of weird that was doing that because they had like a, like in their beta
seasons had like 150,000 at one time and it was working fine probably back then.
But it was like 50,000 that it was coming in for a time and it didn't work for like
two weeks.
Interesting.
I don't remember that.
But then again, I was kind of one of those people that played it more when it first came
out and then like later on I was like, oh, it'll always be here.
I'll just play it next time.
And then, oh, now it's gone.
No more of that.
Yeah.
Forget that.
That's one thing I would hope with this extra $10 is they'd add something that's like that
to replace it.
That is a damn good point is that, you know, they took away one versus a hundred and you
know, they're going to be charging more for Xbox live.
Like if they brought something awesome like that back, like more of these interactive
live shows, I charged me 20 more.
Well, you know what I think would be a benefit.
Huh?
I'm going to take that thing and shove it up your butt.
Come on.
I figured we had to have at least once during the marathon.
You know what?
Oh, what?
I've decided that I am so sick of dark Sakura always having her stupid vuvuzilla button
here on the program that what I've decided to do is that I've actually, um, decided to
counter dark Sakura a little bit here and uh, I actually have my stadium vuvuzilla noise.
You are such a dork.
So we can have dueling vuvuzillas on the show.
That's going to be amazing.
We'll duet Rob.
Great.
I'm sure the listeners are so excited.
Well, I am glad they do look for it.
It's a band, that thing.
Turn off.
There we go.
All right.
It won't shut up.
All right.
Rama, anything else you want to share with us for now?
I'm sure you'll call in later, but you know, well, if you want, I have another story.
I can say that when I called back later, actually, we're supposed to be doing an outbound call
right now.
So, um, I'm going to let you go for now, but call in later and give us that story because
we do still have more stories too that we're going to talk about a little later.
Wonderful.
Great.
All right.
Talk to you later.
Be more drunk.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Bye bye.
Bye.
All right.
We're going to hold off on calls for a minute because we're actually going to make an outbound
call.
It is now five o'clock Pacific and yeah, we're three hours in and usually at this time there's
another man live at All Games Radio and some people might be tuning in to try and hear
him, but you can't.
He's not live tonight.
The man is Bobby Black Wolf, the host of the Bobby Black Wolf show here on All Games Radio
and he's not live tonight cause he's at Dragon Con this weekend.
So sorry fans of Bobby who don't listen to us.
Uh, you don't get Bobby tonight or do you?
We're going to call him right now actually and try to get him on the show so he can have
a mini Bobby Black Wolf show.
So two ringy dingys.
Hey Bobby, how are you doing?
It's your buddy Rob from Orange Launch Radio.
Hey, I'm doing great.
How are, how are you guys holding up?
That's what?
Hour three?
Good.
Yes.
We're in hour three.
We got started a little bit late cause weird server problems at All Games and I know Scott's
at Burning Man and all these other things are going on, but it just magically started
working at two.
So I'm not sure if somebody must have put it on a schedule or something and we tried
to take it.
It's on a schedule.
It may cut you off later.
I don't know.
Oh, great.
Just what we needed.
Yeah.
Who knows how long the marathon will be going tonight.
It'll when All Games Radio decides to cut it off, we'll be done I guess.
We'll see what happens.
All right.
Right.
Try to tweet channel Z.
All right.
We'll see.
All right.
Well, I figured, you know, since you're not able to do a show here live at All Games Radio
cause A you're gone and B we took over, I thought maybe you'd want to do the mini Bobby
Black Wolf show.
Sure.
I mean, I, well then I can talk about what's been going on here at Dragon Con and some
of the neat stuff that I've done and something that we're actually going to be running next
week, which I didn't even know.
Hold on.
This is very important.
Breaking news here at the OLR marathon.
I believe I've been given a glass of liquor.
What is this?
This is my first booze of the evening.
What is this?
It's a double shot of tequila and, uh, um, it better be Patron.
It is.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Good.
Good.
And it's a pea grapefruit juice.
That's a tasty beverage.
All right.
I'm making more.
Who wants one?
Sorry, Bobby.
I just, um,
Oh, there's beverages here.
Don't worry.
I don't feel left out.
Yeah.
I was going to say you, you sound like you're either kind of tired or maybe, maybe you've
had a beverage or two yourself.
I don't know.
Have you, have you?
I actually haven't had a beverage today.
I found a quiet place kind of to be, and then I realized the quiet place is right next to
security operations for the hotel.
So I'm kind of trying to keep it down a little bit.
Ah, I see.
Okay.
All right.
Well, what's Dragon, what's going on at Dragon Con?
I know you want to tell us a little bit about what's going on over there at the show and
some of the stuff you got for your own show next week.
Well, basically, I mean, Dragon Con, it's, it's a big, it's, you know, it's, take Comic
Con and take out really a lot of like the industry stuff.
This is a fan convention.
There are a lot of celebrities here.
Um, I haven't stood in line for any of those panels or anything.
I've actually been here trying, you know, staying away from video games, staying away
from computers.
The game I actually been playing most recently, I don't know if you've ever played this game.
It's a, it's a card slash role playing game called are you a werewolf?
Have you ever played that?
No, but it sounds interesting.
Loki, are you a werewolf?
It goes by another name.
Some people know it as mafia.
It's the same rules.
Oh God, we, I have played a game like this.
It's um, no, when I played it, it was just called werewolf.
It's a very popular foreign game, right?
It's the thing where, um, like you have a group of 12 people, right?
And like three of them are wolves and like every night the, everybody votes to lynch
one person.
And if the wolves are the last people standing, they win.
But if the, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, they win.
Yes.
I've, I've, I've said this game play before, that's from 2am to 9am.
Okay.
And then I, and then I sleep a little bit and about one o'clock I get up and go to the
dealer's room and stuff like that.
Uh, so that's really what I've been doing is staying away from video games.
There is a video game room here.
They do have consoles here that people can check out games, use games from the game store
that's running it from Tennessee.
Um, but really it's not really the focus of DragonCon.
There are no game companies exhibiting here, so it's, there's not that much video game
type stuff going on here.
However, and this is the cool thing.
I just got an interview, which we're going to run on my show next week, which by the
way guys is 25 minutes long.
Woohoo.
Do you remember, did you ever remember in Dave and Buster, the BattleTech centers?
Absolutely.
Dan absolutely loved that thing and he was pissed when it was taken out.
I have the entire story on why it was taken out and where all those pods went because
there are eight BattleTech pods downstairs, 24 hours right here at DragonCon.
Oh wow.
That's awesome.
And they are still making updates.
The game actually looks a lot like MechWarrior 4 on the PC now.
They're actually, the software company is still working on new updates.
They're going to bring back Red Planet very soon as well.
You know, um, and uh, I got the story of, you know, where they travel and uh, you know,
because basically Enthusiast bought all the pods after Dave and Busters canceled the contract.
And the short story is Dave and Busters decided that they no longer wanted to have anybody
working the Midway.
Everything had to be self-sustaining.
And so the BattleTech, they decided did not renew the contract with Virtual World.
So they were going to sell all the pods and all these Enthusiasts came together and said,
we'll buy this set and this set.
And now all the sets are all over the country and some of them are mobile now.
Wow.
Huh.
And I, so I have a 25 minute interview with an owner of one of a set of 16 pods, eight
of which are traveling, eight of which are in a center in Houston.
Uh, and we talk about, you know, what, because he was just a player and they got the funds
together to buy it.
And they traveled the country with these pods and they do maintenance on the hardware and
they do the community thing and do the whole BattleTech Center stuff.
But they're keeping the BattleTech dream alive.
And we're going to have a long, nice, very good interview with him next week on the Bobby
Block World Show.
I'm excited to hear it.
When I was living in Walnut Creek, we had a Virtual World, one of the few that were
in California and I used to play a BattleTech in those pods.
It's a great time.
That made me super motion sick.
The one time I tried, I remember playing the Dave and Buster's, I got my butt kicked by
Dan, but it was fun.
I played that that time too.
We were there for one of my birthdays and I was super drunk, but I was really motion
sick anyway.
But that new Dave and Buster's in Roseville, like if they try to put a BattleTech center
there, that would just be the entire place.
It would.
It's that small.
It's Dave and Buster's Jr.
Well, that's going to be an awesome interview, Bobby.
We're looking forward to that next week.
What else is going on at Dragon Con?
Did you end up on a panel after all, I heard?
What's this?
I did.
The panel they had put me on was the kickoff panel, which was Friday at one o'clock and
I actually had to work until noon.
I was all packed and everything and I had left at noon to get down here and the trains
were held up a little bit.
I actually walked into the back of the panel at 1.15 and the place is packed.
They do call me up at about 1.15, 1.20.
I haven't even gotten my badge yet because the badge line is five hours long for pre-registration.
That's the one thing Dragon Con hasn't figured out is how to pick up your badge.
I went up, did the panel, did the last 30 minutes of the panel.
The room was packed.
Would you like to know why the room was packed, Rob?
Why?
It wasn't for me.
This is the key, if you ever want to have a packed panel, have Veronica Belmont on it
with you.
Nice.
She was there, huh?
No, because she was there with the Swords and Lasers podcast is kind of the one.
That's her independent podcast.
They're here.
They actually did a live show in a large ballroom today at four here, but she was on the panel
and stuff.
I talked a little bit about what we do at all games and stuff like that, but yeah, the
place was packed and it's because Veronica was there.
When it was over, everybody was rushing to get their pictures with Veronica and all that
stuff.
I did get to speak on one panel, but that was it.
My official obligations were gone in two and I didn't even have my badge yet at the time.
One of the few podcasts that I will admit to listening to, because it is pretty good,
is The Instance, which is one of the World of Warcraft podcasts that's out there.
She was actually on, they recently had a big buku ye hippie hurrah 200th episode, and she
was on that.
I was kind of like, oh yeah, this is kind of interesting.
Yeah.
Well, cool.
She does a lot of independent stuff.
I mean, yeah, she's been hired by CNET, she works for CORE, but she still really loves
doing all the independent stuff.
She considers it a hobby.
That's awesome.
It's a good way to do it, good for her.
What about, are there any other type of record-breaking things going on there, like no thriller dances
this year, or what's going on?
Well, they can't do Thriller because the Thriller record is currently 12,000.
Mexico City set it to 12,000, so the 900, whatever they did here.
I don't know how they did, I mean, obviously, we won't know how they did until Guinness
verifies it, but they did two existing records, and they tried to set up a brand new record.
The two existing, they wanted the most Star Trek characters in one place, and the most
superheroes in one place, and then they created a new one of most theme punk characters in
one place, because theme punk's really kind of the new goth.
Here at DragonCon, everybody is theme punk, and ears, and all that stuff, so it used to
be just Neil Victoria, and then they added all the technology to it.
So those are the records that they've been trying to break.
But I don't know exactly how those have been going.
Sounds like fun, though.
Good times.
Now, I will say, I did go in the dealer's room, there is a dealer that actually had
a lot of, going back to the video game thing, a lot of rare Nintendo games, Super Nintendo
games, things like that.
He actually had Earthbound for the NES.
Oh wow.
The cartridge.
Oh wow.
That's...
He was selling it for $130, and I did not get it in time.
I came back ready to get it, and somebody else had bought it.
Oh, that's awful.
But it was the actual limited edition NES release of Earthbound.
He's got little Samsung, he's got an NES port test cartridge, so one of the test cartridges
that the service centers had, and he's got that for $350, which is a lot more than it
ever goes on eBay, but it's very, very rare.
But I did buy something from him, Nintendo related, and it's not exactly rare, and once
people see exactly what it is, it's not gonna sound as cool as it would when you first see
it, but I'm gonna save that for Friday night on Friday Night Gaming.
Oh, a little tease there, all right.
So Friday Night Gaming, if you wanna check that out this Friday at fnglive.net, right?
Yes, and the main game we'll be playing is Metroid Other M.
Because it's effing live.
But I'll be showing this game that I picked up here at DragonCon for a pretty penny, and
I overpaid a little bit, as you can expect, for con prices and stuff.
I looked online how much it is, and I could have gotten it online for a lot cheaper.
I'll tell you where you can get it once we show it.
But yeah, he had all the Mega Man, he had, I can't remember what Super Nintendo games,
but he had Little Samson, I guess, is a really rare NES game.
You get that in the box, sitting in there.
So there's some rare stuff that I found in the dealer's room, and I just can't afford
it all.
We're actually looking at our chat room at chat.orangelandradiocom.
I apologize to Bobby's fans.
I kinda have one eye on the all games chat room, but I'm not able to follow.
There's a lot of chatty chat going on there right now, but let's see.
Breakman says, Earthbound for the NES and Bobby let him keep his life?
He got lucky.
Well, I bought this other thing first.
It was my first priority, and then I came back and it was gone by the time I had come
back the next day.
That's too bad.
You'll have to find the guy who bought it and end his life.
No.
All right, so if you're the guy that bought the Earthbound on the NES cartridge at Dragon
Con, Bobby's looking for you.
All right.
That's right.
I want Earthbound Zero sometime.
All right.
Well, Bobby, we don't want to keep you up for the convention too much longer, but anything
else you want to say about the convention or your show or anything for the folks listening?
Not really.
I mean, Dragon Con, it's been a fun time.
There's a lot of great costumes.
I have not seen Brad from pot culture yet.
I know he's here.
He's out having dinner somewhere tonight, so I didn't get to...
I haven't been able to say hi to him, but I mean, no, and here's the great thing, Rob.
They moved PAX next year.
Did you notice that?
No.
PAX got moved.
I did not.
It's back to its original weekend.
It is the last weekend of August next year.
It is not Labor Day weekend.
It's the weekend before.
Interesting.
Flights are cheaper.
That'll be good.
Yeah.
Flights will be cheaper.
It's been a long time.
I have to do that next year then.
So I'll be able to make it out there and here, and I don't have to worry about which one
I'm going to, so I was very happy about that.
I've been trying to keep an eye on PAX news and stuff.
I'll believe the Duke Nukem for everything when I see it.
It's...
They've got video from the show floor.
It's nuts.
I'm just...
Then they can say, oh, by the way, yeah, it won't be coming out for another 10 years.
But it's the guys who did Borderlands now, and as we were kind of discussing earlier
when it was our lead story tonight, as you can probably imagine, we were kind of talking
about how it's probably not really the same game 3D Realms was developing.
It was just kind of like, okay, well, we've bought this IP from the slaughter of 3D Realms.
Let's just take all these art assets and the idea and see what we can do with it, and now
you actually have a game, because it's not the same game.
Yeah.
Let's see.
Go ahead.
One last thing is I wanted to do my show this week mainly because I wish I was doing it
because Microsoft has been showing a hell of a lot of balls this week.
How so?
With the new controller and the Xbox Live.
We have talked about...
What was that?
Yeah.
So we have talked about some of that stuff.
Yeah.
The limited edition controller or the bundled or whatever controller and the price increases
we were just talking about before we had you on.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Microsoft is just showing a lot of balls this week, and I'm like, damn, they had to do this
on the week.
I'm not doing anything.
Let me get some quick questions from our chat room at chat.org.com.
G Ripper wants to know, is Glenn there, your partner in crime from FNG Live?
No.
He is not here.
Nobody else from FNG was able to make it up here.
Derek H asks, is it true that as Chris Gore said, Dragon Con is a sluttier version of
Comic-Con?
Probably.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Have you seen a lot of hot sluts?
I will make you really answer that.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Here's the thing.
Here's the thing, Rob.
Here's the thing.
What?
The saying goes, if you don't get laid at Dragon Con, you're not trying.
Yeah, I've heard that those furries can get pretty aggressive.
It's like the Ren Faire.
Just walk into one of those little gift party rooms and you'll have a good time.
Thankfully, I have not seen a single one of them.
You haven't seen a furry?
Well, because they're all too busy at the orgy.
That's why they're...
Yes.
If you haven't seen a furry, you're not trying hard enough.
And they don't need a Craigslist posting to get that going.
They can't now.
Craigslist has censored the adult services section now on Craigslist, apparently.
So there you go.
But Pac needed a Craigslist post to do it.
You don't need that here.
It just happens.
All right.
Bobby, we're going to let you go.
Have fun at Dragon Con.
Have a blast, especially for us since we're not there, since it seems like everybody else
is going to some convention but us.
And we'll have a drink in your honor a little later, all right?
Excellent.
I'll have a drink in your honor over here, too.
Sounds good.
All right.
Have a good one, Bobby.
See you.
All right.
Bobby Blackwolf, the man who is usually live right now at All Games Radio, but it's a special
weekend.
It's Labor Day weekend.
We're doing a marathon.
He's at Dragon Con.
Scott's at Burning Man.
Most people are at Pac's, but we're right here in the OLR Studios, and boy, aren't we
having fun together.
Actually, there's quite a few of you listening tonight, so I really appreciate that.
It looks like you guys are with us here.
So we're going to keep going and take some more calls.
1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype is OrangeLawnTradial.
We'll get in at least a couple more calls before the next break and before we say goodbye
to Loki for the night, and then we'll... I don't know what we'll do.
I'm thinking maybe for the next segment, Dark Sakura, I told you we should think of this.
Maybe we'll go into the vault and just pull some random games and talk about them.
Okay.
Like maybe like gaming memories or whatever.
Okay.
But we also... We need to take the chat room into the vault somehow.
Do we have a laptop or anything?
I got... Why am I not in the car?
Yeah.
I can do that.
Okay.
Do you know that you have the password to your Wi-Fi so we can...
Yes.
Okay.
Good.
Good deal.
We'll do that.
And then you get to hear what it is.
Do they have like an app or something on the iPhone that you can do like a Justin TV or
something?
There is... Yes.
I have a Ustream.
We've actually had for several years, and I guess now's the time to say it.
We've had a secret Ustream channel.
It's not that secret.
It's just that before we went to Justin TV, literally the week before, I reserved a Ustream
for us.
But we opted to go with Justin TV because that's where the All Games Network went.
And it seemed like most of the folks in the shows that we're related to and so forth all
went towards Justin TV.
So we went there for the whole Synergy thing because it was kind of the same thing.
Now that that isn't really the case anymore, there's... Some of our fans still broadcast
on Justin TV, and I think that's really cool.
But I did get a Ustream application for the phone.
I actually did a test run the other night just to see how well it worked.
The video quality's kind of poop, but it does let you stream over 3G.
So it's kind of neat in that regard.
So I don't know.
Maybe we'll broadcast.
But I just... I think the video quality is such poop, and we're a radio show.
I don't know if it's really worth it, to be honest.
If you associate your iPhone with the Wi-Fi here, would the app then associate with the
Wi-Fi?
It would, but my concern is that it's going to have this-
Oh, it's going to choke the stream.
It's going to choke the stream, which we were having those problems earlier when the feed
was unknowingly broadcasting.
So yeah.
Yeah, we've had a Orange Launch Radio Ustream for like three years.
We just don't use it.
There you go.
And I actually kind of agree with Derek.
Justin kind of sucks now.
Like the whole... It's just not quite what it used to be.
You know, a Ustream has sort of established itself as the definitive place to go for
streaming and... I don't know.
I don't know if... I really would have to explore.
We haven't had videos so long now, ever since we switched studios, that I'd really have
to explore that.
So we'll see.
All right.
Anyhow, I didn't mean to get off topic.
I was waiting for calls, but none are coming in.
What is... How are we going to do a marathon with no calls?
We're screwed.
Dammit, people.
Call.
We'll try to get at least one more call in before we say goodbye to Loki.
1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio, if you want to give us
a call.
We'll try to squeeze in at least one more call, but if you don't get in now, that's
okay.
We'll open it up again around the usual time, about eight o'clock later this evening, and
so forth, during the OLR marathon.
We also have some more stories we're going to do.
If I have time to write them while other people are talking, and I'm not so intoxicated after
that drink, we will do some OLR games.
We need a listless topic.
We can think of that later.
Totally.
And we should do match game?
We'll do match game.
We have at least four people here, and with Dan we'll have five, so we can do a match
game.
We could also do Mad Libs.
You never did do OLR Mad Libs.
The phone is ringing and my back is turned, I can't even see it, shame on me.
Let's go to the phones.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
This is Haseo.
Taseo?
Haseo Sumerakawa.
Oh, Haseo.
Okay, hi, how you doing?
I'm doing good.
Good.
What is on your mind, my friend?
I just want to say that role-playing quests are a bitch.
Role-playing quests are a bitch?
What game are you playing right now?
I am playing a free-to-play MMO called Nabinogi.
I have never heard of this, so you've got to tell us a little more about this.
Is there a website you can download this at or anything like that?
Yeah, the Nexon.nabinogi.com.
They also do MapleStory and The League Fighter and whatnot.
So is this a very MapleStory-esque kind of game or is this like more Warcraft inspired
or what's this game kind of like?
It's like Warcraft meets anime.
Interesting.
That could be interesting.
And it's free?
Is it ad-supported or what's the deal?
It's 100% free.
You can upgrade to a membership for a month, which gives you a possibility to run a guild,
open shops, use a bag, whatnot.
Cool.
But this game is being a pain in the ass right now?
That's why you're saying that role-playing quests are a bitch?
Yes, because each expansion is a generation, otherwise known as a G and then the number
of the expansion level.
And throughout all G1, your character has to role-play as a character named Tarwhak
who pretty much only uses a loot as a weapon, otherwise you can fight bare-handed and use
magic.
Interesting.
What turned you on to this game?
How'd you find out about it?
My friend actually plays it, who I was PVPing against.
Very cool.
Very cool.
Quickly, what other games types of stuff are you into?
I played just about anything except for anything that has Hannah Montana or Barbie attached
to it.
You know the Hannah Montana game on DS is apparently pretty sweet, so I'm just saying.
I heard there was a music game on the DS that was actually pretty sweet.
Just saying.
All right.
Hannah needs to burp.
All right, any other parting words for our listeners tonight before we let you go?
Hm, the Neutron movie will be epic.
It better be, because Dark Soccer and I are planning an epic trip that will probably pre-empt
the show to go on this stupid trip, so stay tuned.
All right, thank you so much for the call, Haseo, and stay tuned.
Are you going to listen for a few more hours to the marathon tonight?
Yes, I'm listening to the whole thing.
The whole thing.
Good luck, buddy.
All right.
Take care, my friend.
All right, thanks.
1877 Game OLR, our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
We can fit in one more call.
Why not?
We got time.
We got a lot of time.
A lot of time.
1877 Game OLR, if you want to give us a call, our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
Have we figured out the whole dinner thing yet?
Are we doing a...
We're going to get taken bakes.
Awesome.
We wanted someone to make the Papa Murphy's run.
Okay.
When I sober up, I can go, but that's going to take me at least another hour.
Okay.
But I can't drink anything until then.
You want some Triscuits?
Okay.
That would be lovely.
Okay.
All right.
1877 Game OLR, our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
Loki's going to be leaving us after we go to the next break.
I should really take a nap when I get home.
I woke up at four o'clock in the morning this morning.
I was going to ask, what is it that you're going to be doing when you go home?
Um...
Babysitting?
I'm going to be watching the baby, probably go to bed at like...
You know, I always say I'm going to go to bed early, but it ends up being 11.
I'm going to work on my Grand Theft Auto mods if I can, and I have to go grocery shopping
because we have nothing in the house.
And then what else do I have to do?
Maybe bid on something on eBay.
Bid on something on eBay.
Yeah.
All right.
Good stuff.
All right.
I might be...
Well, I should be getting a Kinect camera in the next few weeks.
Ooh!
Well, good luck with that.
And this is not one of the beta cameras.
This is actually the real retail camera with the retail version of Kinect adventures.
If the guy doesn't deliver it, though, then I will give it my back.
Something's going on.
We might not be broadcasting right now.
It looks like our Winamp is frozen.
I'm not seeing anything in chat.
But let's just keep going for the podcast's sake.
I don't know what's going on.
If folks can hear us or what have you.
But it looks like...
I'm keeping up with the chat room.
Shit.
The last thing I saw was somebody saying parting words for Loki.
Did you see anything after that?
That's all I saw.
I typed while we were broadcasting.
I didn't see that.
Something's wrong.
So they're not hearing us right now.
I'm going to start and stop our feed.
Yeah.
It says my nickname's in use already.
Shit.
I'm disconnected.
Okay.
That's not good.
So we're going to...
Oh, now I'm back.
We're going to reconnect right now.
How many times is this going to happen tonight?
Oh, shit.
And I reconnected using the wrong encoder.
That's real good, Rob.
Real good.
Live radio, the joys, the perils, the heartache, the trials, the tribulations.
Okay.
We're back up.
We're live.
So slowly folks are going to be coming back on.
That might explain why the Skype line hasn't been ringing if our internet just suddenly
decided to crap out.
All right.
It looks like I'm reconnecting slowly but surely.
Oh, no.
It died again.
I've been on AIM the entire time.
It just died again.
It died again?
I've been on AIM the entire time and had no problem.
It shows that we are connected on Shoutcast.
This is bad stuff.
Says auto-excessive connections from a single host.
Oh, fuck.
G line from Game Surge.
So we got booted from chat altogether because there's too many of us trying to connect because
our ghosts were still lurking there.
That's great.
So we might've just lost the chat room for the rest of the evening.
That is wonderful.
Those G lines reset after like 10, 15 minutes.
It really depends.
Yeah.
Do they?
Yeah.
All right.
Have some driscuits, Rob.
Great.
So now we have to marathon with no chat room.
This ought to be lovely.
For now.
Well.
Well, that sucks.
Got to go now.
All right.
This is great.
If I probably load the Twitter, there's going to be a million people tweeting going.
Try it through the web browser because that uses like a proxy thing.
Oh, does it?
I'll do that.
I need someone to help me fill time here real quick.
Something so.
I'm sorry.
We're all here chewing on triscuits.
Yep.
That's the marathon.
It's just going to be like eight hours of this chewing on triscuits and Rob hunting
down a way to get in.
I need to get our chat.
The chat's like, Oh God.
It wants me to install Java.
Let me try to reconnect here real quick on the old fashioned way.
See if that works.
We need chat.
Our Skype line is supposedly open.
So if somebody can hear us, somebody call us shit.
Yeah, no, it's showing that we're G line still because I guess too many of us run at once.
We're up though.
According to try the chat app and IE maybe if it's on that machine.
Because Java may be separate for Firefox if that's what you're using.
Um, let me, Oh, I will do that.
Our Skype line is still open one eight seven seven game OLR or our username on Skype is
orange lounge radio.
Your mic is also dying a lot.
I'm in web chat.
Trying to get there.
Anyway.
Are you?
It still says G line for web chat.
So Oh, Oh, we're getting at least a call.
Hi.
We're on orange.
Who's this?
It's Rodney again.
Just calling your support team staff because that's pretty much what I am.
You again.
All right.
Well, uh, we're, we're up, right?
You guys can hear us again?
Yeah.
We can hear you fine.
It's just that the whole G line thing, cause that popped up those, that happens when it's
like more than three or four people from the same IP that logs into the chat, which is
custom that dark soccer, myself and Loki will all log in.
But unfortunately when we tried to log back in after we got booted from our internet,
we all got G lines.
So yeah, we don't have a chat right now.
I just sent you guys a tweet, how to, how to circumvent the whole thing.
Um, I think don't, don't we just have to wait like 15 minutes and we'll be fine.
I don't know how long you have to wait.
I'm just saying if you go to mibbit.com, it'll, you can log in that way.
All right.
Maybe we'll look at that.
All right.
We'll look into that.
Dark soccer's looking at that.
I tried.
It didn't work.
All right.
Let me take a call.
I'm gonna take a call from another number.
Okay.
All right.
Let me take a call from Eric.
Hello.
This is Eric Hatcher, AKA Tri-Team.
I've been a long time listener, but I work mostly.
Oh, well, Hey, what's on your mind, buddy?
We're having, this is a heck of a night to call in and we're just having technical difficulties
left and right.
We can't see our audience right now.
Well, that's probably the reason I called, I guess I'm, uh, if I sound out of breath,
it's cause I'm on the walking track and I'm using you guys to pass the time while I work
off the weight on my long ass game butt.
Wow.
What, what, what types of games do you, uh, what types of games are you into?
What types of games do you play?
Oh, just a little bit of everything.
Um, pretty much all the modern systems, I'd say, uh, I'm mostly the Xbox 360 and, uh,
of course I get my NMO RPG, uh, still on EverQuest still.
Still EverQuest after all these years?
Why EverQuest?
Well, I guess just cause of the people I know there, I've been, uh, on the same, well, other
than the server mergers, I've been on the same server for 11 years now.
And it's, it's probably the people that keep you coming back, huh?
Really?
That is exactly what it is.
Yeah, I can see that cause, uh, that's part of the, pretty much a lot of the reason why
I keep playing Wow.
Like, I know a lot of people are like, oh, you're an addict, you play Wow all the time
and so forth.
I'm like, well, it's really the social element, the game I can kind of give or take, but it's
really the, excuse me, the social element that keeps me coming back.
I agree 100%, that's exactly why I've kept playing for so long.
So very cool.
Well, um, let's see, any new stories that you want to comment on that we talked about
tonight?
Uh, I don't know.
I haven't, uh, I just talked, uh, oh, the last about 20 or 30 minutes or so, something
I guess I'd like to talk about is, uh, I don't know if y'all are familiar, there's a game
that came out within the last couple of weeks, uh, last week or so called elemental, the
war of magic on the PC, it paddles a lot of trouble.
I think I've heard of it.
Uh, yeah, I don't think I've played, I know I haven't played it, but I think I've heard
of this.
Tell us a little bit more about this game.
Well, it's, uh, by, uh, the company StarDuck and, uh, StarDock and, uh, Brad Wardall is,
uh, probably the lead designer on that, I believe.
Pretty, uh, nice guy, but this is the worst, uh, um, most, ws piece of software I've played
in the last 20 years, I guess, of playing, uh, computer games.
Hmm.
Which is very unfortunate, the game has a lot of potential, if any of you are familiar
with, uh, Masters of Magic, it's sort of a civilization-like game with a fantasy bent.
Ooh, those are like all of my favorite games you just said.
Exactly, and, uh, it has so much potential, but it just didn't work out, unfortunately.
That's too bad.
I hate it when you got a game that sounds like such a good idea, like on paper, but
then in execution it sucks.
Ah, exactly.
Yeah.
Uh, anyway, I just mostly called to help you out with a little bit of time, I don't really
have a whole lot to say.
That's alright, we like hearing from you.
Wait, where'd you say you're calling from?
Uh, big pardon?
Where'd you say you're calling from?
Oh, uh, basically Birmingham, Alabama.
Really?
From my home state then?
Oh, exactly.
Now, I've, I've, uh, spent many, many a time up in Birmingham, and, uh, although I spent
more time around Dothan and Montgomery, so, but yeah, Mobile's my hometown.
So nice to talk to someone from my home state.
Welcome.
Woo!
Nice talking to y'all, and I look forward to seeing you more as they continue to progress.
Alright, sounds good.
You have a good one, buddy.
Take care.
Thanks for tuning in.
Take care.
Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Alright.
I can almost always pick out an Alabama accent.
Yeah?
So I was like, bing!
Radar.
Nice.
Alright, well, we're gonna go ahead and go to a break.
I am actually, I just downloaded an IRC chat client to my phone to try and connect.
Oh, there we go.
I got it.
And they're saying, wait, did Loki, yeah, I can see chat.
So I have chat open on my phone right now.
So I finally have a lifeblood into the chat room, so, uh, there you go.
So chatters, I can now see you again.
Don't send me private messages if you figure out what my name is on there.
It's not too hard to figure out.
Don't send me private messages.
Oh, we had another call coming in.
This will be our last call before we take another break.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawns Radio.
Who's this?
This is Toa Gak.
Hey, Toa Gak.
How are you, buddy?
What's on your mind?
Um, I just called in because I'm going to give you the URL you'd need to go to to get
the G line removed.
Okay, what is that?
It's gamesurge.net slash utils slash G line.
All right, I'm looking at that right now.
Oh, one G line found for your host resolved in an hour.
Okay, so I'm on that page and it says why we're banned, okay.
It will only last one hour, so there you go.
We just have to wait out the hour then.
Jerks.
That's okay.
So we got till 6 25 and no chat, but that's okay because I got chat on my phone.
I figured it out.
I worked around.
All right.
Hi.
Just a, um, listener.
Just a reminder, it's probably a bad idea to circumvent it, the G line, because they
can tell.
Well, no, I'm on my iPhone.
It's three G.
It's okay.
We'll be okay.
We're not on Comcast.
It shows us three G.
Well, it'll be our little secret.
Okay.
All right.
All right.
Well, thanks for the tip.
We appreciate it.
At least we know it's only for an hour, so we know we'll be able to get back in.
All right.
Have a good one, buddy.
Okay.
Bye.
Thanks for the tip.
All right.
We're gonna on that note, I think we need a break after that.
Oh boy.
All right.
Uh, people are saying hi.
Why were you banned?
Well, they don't like more than three people on the same IP.
Dranami's got it there.
And they're saying, actually, it's five, says Toa Gak, but, uh, I don't...
The various...
It says three, um, on the page that explains why you're G aligned.
It's weird.
When various clients try to reconnect and disconnect due to internet issues within a
certain amount of time, the server has no way of knowing what's going on and it kind
of thinks it's a DDoS.
It's a denial of service, I get it.
So it's, it's just a fail safe.
I'll forgive them someday.
I'll find it in my heart to forgive them.
All right.
We're going to, um, actually say goodbye to Loki at this point before we go to another
break.
And, uh, Loki, any final words for our listeners tonight?
No, I just have to go get groceries.
That's always fun.
I guess I don't like chores.
All right.
Well, good luck with all that.
Uh, this is actually the part of the show where we would be saying basically, uh, goodnight
for listening.
This is kind of the end of the normal part of the show, if you will.
We're going to be getting into the more random stuff.
So if you're just looking for your normal quote unquote edition of orange launch radio,
this is kind of the end of that part, but we will be back in just a little bit with
more of orange launch radio.
Now, just so you know, for the podcast feed, we're going to be releasing the marathon in
bits this week.
So you may not see everything up right away.
So you know, just give it a little extra time if the, you know, show, you know, if you're
done listening to this part of the podcast and you want more, just give it a little more
time.
That's all we need.
Yeah, real quick, I was going to say we're having our game summit, my work game summit
thing.
You know, we do it usually each year and, uh, we have the game publishers coming out
and talking about stuff.
So maybe I'll learn some new information and we can share it appropriate time if you know
what I mean.
All right.
And that'll be something to look forward to next week.
Yes, possibly.
And also hopefully I'll have a new, uh, I've iPod by then.
All right.
Well, um, I don't know, should I play the closing song that we usually play at the end
here?
Play our little closing song.
Sure.
Cause we got to put it on the podcast anyways.
Don't you?
I guess that's true.
So let me see.
I now I have to cue that up that that involves work.
So good night everybody.
Thanks for listening.
We'll be back though.
If you are listening live or on podcasts or whatever, we still got the marathon coming
up and plenty more show.
Um, who knows what randomness is going to happen when we don't have a chat room going
on here.
The folks in chat are saying good night and they're waving even though you can't see them
and I'm getting everything up from, uh, let's see.
Toa gax says, if my IRC was server was up, I would let them bounce IRC off of me.
Oh, that's a good idea.
Somebody should put up like a fake fake server that we can go on and at least see our chat
room still.
Yeah.
My roommate has a, um, Linux box running in the spare bedroom.
Oh really?
So I could shell into that and we can see from there.
That might be a good idea, but I'm not going to worry about it too much.
It's just an hour, right?
We can make it an hour.
We can do it.
All right, we're going to play our outro, say good night and we'll be back though with
more of the OLR marathon right after this.
You've been listening to orange lounge radio.
Orange lounge radio is an orange lounge production to join us for a live show.
Visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific time, the views and opinions expressed
on orange lounge radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of orange
lounge radio or all games.com, but we're probably right anyway.
See you next week.
