And welcome back, everybody, to the Orange Lounge Radio Marathon. That's right, we're doing a marathon podcast this week, basically just because we can.
We're gonna podcast as long as we possibly can here on this Saturday, September the 5th of 2010. It won't be anything that impressive, you guys.
We're thinking about going about for 12 hours or so, just, you know, talking about video games and reminiscing about old games and all that good stuff.
So, we just finished the normal show, so if this is the first thing that you're hearing on the podcast feed, you're gonna wanna go back.
The actual show show was put up earlier this week, so just, you know, double check your podcast feed to make sure you kinda have everything.
At the very end of the show, we had some problems with our chat room. Our internet went down right in the middle of everything and we ended up getting booted from our server.
And all this stuff, it was terrible, but we think we've got that all worked out. Thank you to Alan, who is, like, a bigger nerd than me.
I never thought I would be able to say that, but yes, he's a bigger nerd than me. He knew how to set this whole thing up.
What are we doing right now, Alan? How are we getting an IRC?
My roommate has a domain name that he uses for a little Linux box that we run out of our spare bedroom. It's a little mail server.
So we're SSH'd into that box and we're running IRC from there. So we're just shelled into my computer at home.
Alright.
I got a little OCD with the mic cord.
Okay, well, we'll fix it later, but we're gonna go into the vault. Jamie and Arkadia42 are on their way into the vault and gonna take over for a little bit here, talking about old stuff.
Dark Soccer, everybody.
Dark Soccer, tell us a little bit about the vault.
It's a room in the back of my house. A room in the back of my house that has all of our game crap in it.
And I totally meant to grab my iPhone so that I could actually, you know, take pictures and put them up on the website.
I could try doing the Ustream thing real fast. I don't know how well this is gonna work, but I'll try it.
Alright.
You know, actually, Alan, you could read chat for a little bit. Oh, you wanna be cameraman? I'll do cameraman for a minute here.
This is all live radio, folks.
So, everyone has to come in here and pick one thing.
Alright, we'll come in here in a minute.
I'm gonna see if I can do this broadcasting. Okay, let's see.
Well, since we're already in here, Bradley, why don't you pick something?
Dark Soccer, I'm gonna bring in the camera, okay?
I'm gonna bring in the camera, is that okay?
Okay, just so long as it's not me on it.
I'll try my best. Just dodge my phone.
Then I better put my phone back in here.
Alright.
I had Bradley pick something.
Yeah, yeah.
Alright, we're live, and I don't even know where we're at.
We're at Ustream slash Orange Lounge, I think, is where we're broadcasting at.
So, I'm gonna go make my way into the vault.
I'll give my mic to Alan while I walk over there.
Right now, we have Bradley going through the Saturn section of my house, which is pretty much our domestic Saturn stuff.
Yeah, at the moment.
The dusty little things here.
It always takes me a while to decide on these things.
Let's look here.
Which voices?
Well, is it like candy?
What was that?
Is it like candy?
Yeah.
Let's see.
I saw one up here.
Blazing Dragons. That was a fun game, because it's like a puzzle game where you control the dragon and...
Let's go ahead and pull it out.
Oh, where'd it go?
Put it on the camera.
Oh, there's some top, I think.
Yeah.
Right there.
Oh, they're Capcom shot glasses.
Right there.
I think that's what it was.
Go ahead and put it up on the...
Basically, it's a comedy puzzle game where you go around and try to figure out how to solve certain puzzles,
where you've got to satisfy what a person wants you to do for them.
Something like you needed to wash all the dishes, so you have to put together a Rube Goldberg device to rig up the dishes.
Basically, it puts something on top of a fire to blow a turntable around or a fan around so that they can put it in a system.
And there's catapulting one place where you have to shoot a cat at a wall.
And if you miss, it makes noises at you and runs back, or actually does it for each time.
Okay.
It's a pretty fun game.
Well, Rob, your turn to pick something.
What am I...
Am I on here? I don't even know.
Is it recording? Is it going through, Alan?
Okay.
We don't usually do remote broadcasting from the other rooms, so this is a little different for us.
So I don't know what to pick.
Okay, you want to hold this while I dig through something?
Yeah.
Okay. Hold on.
Because I'm going to...
This is awesome radio, I'm sure.
I see all these NES games up here, and I'm assuming that one of these is going to be something awesome.
It could be.
Or it could suck. I don't know.
God, you have all these Japanese games stacked on top of everything, too.
I know.
What are those? Let's see.
I don't know.
Oh, Final Fantasy III and Mappy.
And Mappy, and apparently you paid 20 bucks for each of them.
No, I didn't. I paid five.
They were marked down.
They were marked down.
Let's see, what's in this one here?
Gradius, Track and Field, Contra.
Did I just push the button?
What happened? Did it?
It locked.
It locked?
Warning, you stopped. Okay, go live.
Yeah.
Okay, now we're connecting now.
It wants to keep following us. Maybe we have to plug it in, I don't know.
Okay, we're connected now.
Alright.
Sorry.
I don't know, I wasn't prepared to dig through here.
Rob broke the...
Hold on, let me look at Super Nintendo.
Right behind you.
Help.
Yeah.
Got your mic.
Hi.
Hello.
So I think someone looked up the correct channel name and put it in IRC.
I think it's orange-lounge-radio for the Ustream.
Oh.
So that's all taken care of.
Alright, good. Good deal.
Let's see.
You got all these Mega Man games in this one. That's kind of fun.
Yeah.
What's in this?
Rob started to make the face.
I did, because I... I'll talk about this game.
Yep, it's Super Metroid.
Can you give me a mic?
So Super Metroid is the game I picked up there, and Super Metroid is probably like one of the greatest video games they ever frickin' made, ever.
It's probably my favorite video game of all time, happens to be in this little bin right here.
If I can hold this up for the Ustream viewers too.
Super Metroid is Amazeballs because it's kind of a quick game.
It's not something that takes you days and days to beat, so you can play through it in a good sitting in a day.
If you wanted to play through this tonight, we probably could.
We could play this all in one sitting.
I probably could play through the entire game if I could remember the whole thing. I don't know.
I like Super Metroid because it has a lot of that replayability and re-exploreability value to it.
There's different ways you can play the game. You can play to be a completionist.
You can play to be a speed runner.
You can play to show off different tricks or try to find things that are hidden.
It really set the stage for things that followed it that are also awesome, like Castlevania, which a lot of people started calling Metroidvania.
The music was phenomenal, and the upgrades to the weapons.
Everything about it was just super.
That's why Super Metroid is definitely a fond favorite of mine.
That's something I've talked about many times on the show before. It's one of my personal favorite games.
We need to find a box for it, I think.
Okay, so, Alan, it's your turn. Pick something that you see.
So, Alan's currently digging through the vault.
I don't know if I like this whole Ustream thing, though, because it's too much for us to monitor, because trying to run the radio feed is bad enough.
So, we might kill this video feed.
I've just been running my thumb over it to keep it active.
Alright, I'm going to kill the video feed for now until we have something a little more worthy of showing on video.
Sorry, guys.
Sorry, guys.
But it's also killing the battery on my phone.
Oh, my phone is hot. It feels like it's going to explode in my hand, so that's probably not a good thing.
Is it gushy?
So, tell the listeners a little bit about where you collect all of these different games from.
Every freaking where. I mean, seriously.
We used to just go hit up thrift stores and the flea market and a couple of used game places in town and just pick up things when we could find them.
Like, when we got our Nomad, it was right when they stopped making the Nomads and we managed to get ours on clearance for $25.
So, I mean, some of these will just, you know, luck into a pretty awesome sale.
And, like, we got a big box of Master System games for, I want to say, like, $100 for 200 games or something like that.
You found something?
Yes.
Marvel Super Heroes for the Sega Saturn.
One of the advantages of owning a Saturn in the US compared to the original PlayStation was that the original PlayStation was crap for 2D games.
The Saturn could do arcade perfect frame rates for all of the over-the-top Capcom X-Men licensed games like Children of the Atom.
I got my Saturn for this game.
And then I got it chipped and I imported Darkstalkers 3 and X-Men vs. Street Fighter.
So, this is definitely a lot of hours logged on this one.
I really like that game. Although, I wonder what it would have been like if they had released the 1 meg and 4 meg cart in the US.
If that would have just made it completely a lot more awesome.
Because that's why X-Men vs. Street Fighter is only really playable on the Saturn.
Because of the cartridge.
Okay, my turn. Shoot, this is all my shit.
Crap.
I know hue cards are in there somewhere.
Have you done some rearranging in the vault lately?
Dan did some.
You guys took the couch out of here.
The futon is gone. We got rid of it.
Oh wow, I was thinking we'd all have a futon to sit on in here, but I guess that's not the case.
So we will have to go out to the front room at some point.
Hopefully our mics will get us out there too.
That'll be good.
I'm sure.
God, I can't think.
I'm noticing Atari 2600 stuff here.
Yeah, this is sort of our, we have nowhere else to put this stuff, shelf.
Let's see, man.
So we can friend your butt.
Okay, I think this is...
Nope, that's not it. It's a soundtrack for Berserk.
For the video game.
Now, just so you guys know, we did have to kill the video stream because it was just a little janky,
but if you do want to see more of the vault on our YouTube channel,
which is youtube.com slash orange lounge radio, if I'm not mistaken,
we do actually have a clip.
It's like a little tour of Dark Sakura's vault.
It's been redone since then.
It has changed a little bit.
We do need to get some new video other than what we just showed on Ustream,
but you can get an idea just how massive this collection is.
Like, you know, I'm looking one way and I see two TVs up on the wall,
PlayStation 2 rack of games, I see Neo Geo games,
I see all these arcade sticks,
I look another way, I see different steering wheels,
I pick something.
A CDX.
The CDX.
You're not picking a game, you're picking a CDX.
Well, if I didn't say you had to pick a game, I should have picked something.
Alright, fine. What do you want to say about the CDX?
It's awesome, and it's like having a really tiny Sega CD,
although it does not work very well with the 32X,
you have to kind of modify the hookup and get these brackets to hold it up,
but the CDX is freaking awesome.
And I love it. I love it quite dearly.
How'd you guys end up with two Gamegears over here?
I'm looking at two Gamegears. One of them's blue and one of them's black.
I think the blue one is Julie's.
Nice.
You just stole it.
No, she, okay, look at the Dreamcast dance pads.
One of those is hers. She bought it.
It never has been in her house.
It has always been at my house, so it's pretty much mine anyway now.
And same with the Gamegears. I think she just left it with us, so it's ours.
It's kind of like when the neighbor throws a ball in your yard,
and it's like, you know, see this? It's mine now, you little brats.
We got this for our Nintendo points, the Game & Watch collection.
I owned a Gamegear briefly in the eighth grade, and I've seen one now.
I do not remember it being that gigantic.
It's huge. It's like bigger than a VHS tape. I don't...
And they're heavy. Well, we've got the battery attached to this,
the little backup battery thing.
Yeah, I don't...
Well, you want to see big, though. We've got links somewhere around here.
And all of our stuff is so dusty.
Do we have another mic on the ground?
Yeah, we've got stuff everywhere.
I like this stress script, Game Boy Advance.
That was a promo thing from E3, I think, a while back.
I have a GBA that I mailed it in and got it modded for the backlight.
So it's mine. We still have mine.
And then the week after I got it back, they announced the clamshell.
But I actually like the bigger model.
The SP?
Yeah, the SP. I actually like the bigger model better for my hands.
I actually had a pink Game Boy Advance, just to be completely opposite of what everyone would think of me.
Because I normally hate pink.
And I actually really dug my pink one and had pink everything.
I don't know if you noticed, but a reoccurring theme in my Saturn collection is Working Designs and Capcom.
I still have my copy of Rayearth that Working Designs did for the Saturn.
It's one of the last games that came out for the Saturn in the US.
Let me see what I've got up here. Rayearth right here.
I loved that they took out all the spoken dialogue from the Japanese version.
Because it used up so much memory and made the game so laggy.
Oh wow.
Because it did comments over every little thing they picked up.
Instead they just left it all text.
We believe you can read.
We have Iron Storm.
Probably that so they can have the voice actors doing all the work for that one.
Snake of Ages.
What's that one right there?
Can I actually jump in here, you guys, real quick?
I'm actually in the other room, or I'm watching the chat room.
I actually want to jump in here and say real quick, because it is 6 o'clock Pacific at this time.
We might have some folks tuning in right now expecting to hear Orange On's radio, kind of like as it normally is.
You forgot that this week is the marathon episode.
We've actually been on the air since 2 p.m.
If you're just joining us now expecting to hear the normal episode of OLR, it already happened.
We finished that up at about 5.30.
Loki is gone. He went back to go take care of the baby.
But I'm here. Rob Roberts and Dark Soccer is here as well.
As well as Salacious Pop and Arcadium 42.
Right now we're looking in the vault at some old games.
Just kind of thumbing through and seeing what nostalgic dust is.
Literal dust.
Awakened from some of it.
Yeah, we were going through my list of working designs games.
So yeah, back here, that's Albert Odyssey, I think.
Yeah, actually I decided to sell my copy of that off.
I've only played a little bit of it, but neither has run out of money.
We've also got Shining Wisdom, Dragon Force, Sonic R.
I love Sonic R, don't get me wrong.
No.
Can you feel the sunshine?
Does it brighten up your day?
But yeah, we've got tons of crap.
Dude, now I want to break out the Saturn for reals and play stuff,
but Dan has the Saturn hooked up in here, and the monitor is, like, little.
I want to play the Saturn in the front room.
So the stuff that we actually have hooked up right now in here,
because we've got things set up on Switch boxes.
We've got an Xbox 360, Dreamcast, Saturn, GameCube Neo Geo CD,
Super Nintendo, Turbo Duo, and the Sega CD 32X.
And what else do we have sort of put away?
Where did Dan put the actual Neo Geo?
Because we actually have a Neo Geo.
And then, I think it's funny, Dan got the Atari Flashback 2
that looks like the old 2600, but it's got 40 games stored in it.
And, you know, I could break out my What the Fuck game.
Cardcaptor Sakura that comes with a plate, and a clock, and silverware.
I think you showed all that in the unboxing video that you did on YouTube.
It's in the unboxing video.
Because, man, I'm not trying to sound braggy or anything.
I mean, we just have the stuff.
And, oh, the R4 with the JOGCON set.
I got that for painting a Sonic on the door of a local used game store.
I remember video game swappers back in the day.
But that's how I got my R4 and JOGCON.
And we've got the boxes of controllers.
And they're just different systems and stuff.
Here's the box of PlayStation controllers, which I think the NEGCON is in.
I'm going to fish that out.
Who wants my mic?
Actually, I wanted to ask you some questions about the vault here.
I'm sorry, we keep switching positions and everything,
but I'm making my way back into the vault,
because it's much cooler in here than it is in the actual studio
where all the computers are going.
Uh-oh, Dark Sakura's trying to get this big plastic bin.
It looks like they store a lot of controllers and power cords
and all that stuff in these big plastic bins
to help keep things kind of separated.
What are you looking for, Dark Sakura?
My NEGCON.
Wow. You guys have some really obscure stuff.
Let's talk about the vault for a little bit,
because we have a lot of people in chat,
and I'm sure a lot of listeners of the show that are like,
wow, you guys are kind of like a special kind of crazy,
having your own room in the house dedicated to a video game museum sort of thing.
And how did this all start between you and Dan?
Oh, gee. Well, when Dan and I first got together,
he had already had a bunch of stuff.
I mean, he had a Neo Geo and a few games,
and he had a NES, and he had a SNES,
and I moved out here with my SNES and a few PlayStation games,
and he had a PlayStation and a Saturn.
And we just sort of would get nostalgic about stuff
and go looking for things, and we ended up getting the Turbo Duo.
No, I think he already had the Turbo Duo when I moved out here.
Let me take it a step back.
I know you've told this story sometimes on the show before.
We have time to kill tonight.
How did you and Dan kind of end up meeting?
How did you and Dan kind of come together?
Yeah, have a seat.
We're sitting on the floor of the vault just chatting.
No chatters right now.
Sorry, chat room, but you're in the other room where we can't see you,
but we'll run back and look in a minute.
Back in the day when I lived in Mobile, Alabama,
Dan was a friend of mine online, and my roommates introduced me to him
because he had the name Dark Ryoga, and I had the name Dark Uchon.
So we hung out for a while, and he was my buddy,
and would be up really late my time, relatively late his time.
And just exchanged bad fan fiction, and he was my buddy.
He was fun.
And then I had a really, really bad breakup with the guy I was with at the time,
and Dan called me to cheer me up.
He had some five-minute calling cards,
and he ended up using three of them, I think, that night.
And then we ended up talking the next night, and I called him,
and he called me, and we'd talk on the pay phone from Denny's and stuff.
And then finally one day, at the time I was working at,
I think had since moved from working at the arcade.
I worked for Aladdin's Castle and Cyber Station at the malls.
But I went from working there to working at this herb shop kiosk in the mall,
and it was really great.
I could sit and read my books all day if I wanted to.
So Dan, we had been talking the night before
because we were trying to open up another store
so that we could make enough revenue to keep two stores open
instead of having to close the one we had.
And I said, hey, if we don't get the show, the store,
then can I come out and stay with you?
I was just joking.
He was like, I guess so.
And so the next day I go to work, and they said,
yeah, they gave our spot to somebody else.
We have to close the store in a month.
I was like, so when my boss left, I called Dan,
and I was like, so were you serious?
He's like, I guess so.
We're going to go see Batman.
We'll talk about this later.
If that dates when the conversation happened.
Wait, the original Batman was like 91.
It can't be that Batman.
No.
It was some.
One of the sequels.
One, yeah.
No, 89 was the original Batman.
Yeah.
But anyway.
Yeah.
But at any rate, I was actually on the plane
probably within two weeks.
And I've been happy here ever since I came out here
with 100 bucks in my pocket and a Super Nintendo.
Did you literally pack a Super Nintendo in your luggage?
Did you leave everything at home when you came?
I packed a trunk full of stuff.
I packed a big old bag full of stuff, taped it up,
and brought it on the plane with me,
and amongst it was my Super Nintendo.
Wow.
And all my games.
Wow.
And my one PlayStation game.
No, my two PlayStation games.
And I didn't even own a PlayStation.
It was Dragon Ball GT Final Bout and Final Fantasy VII.
Whatever happened to all your stuff at home?
Did you ever go back to get it,
or did you just have it shipped here in little bits and pieces,
or did you just kind of let it rot, or what?
Well, I would go back and visit and bring stuff back with me,
and Grandmom would send me some of my stuff,
and little things like that, but I lost a lot.
I kept bringing back boxes of comics for some reason.
But a lot of my books were water damaged
from how poorly they were being stored.
And I lost a lot of cool stuff.
I did manage to bring back a lot of cool stuff with me.
So most of my things, I think, are back with me.
I lost stuff from my dorm room I really wanted,
because they were things that people picked up for me
from Civil War reenactments and rent fares and things.
Okay, so now we're kind of getting caught up
to where we were at before, is that you came out here
and you had only the Super Nintendo
and a couple PlayStation games,
but you obviously had this nerd love thing
going on with Dan, right?
Yeah.
Oh, that's from the EVA.
So you guys just kind of started mutually
this collection together.
Do you remember what the first thing was
you guys bought together? Do you remember?
I don't really remember all that well, to be honest.
That's okay.
I know one of the early things,
because I think he already had a Genesis,
we picked up a Sega CD together.
That was one of the first things that we got,
because we really wanted to play Sega CD games.
And we found it cheap, and then we got 32X after that.
And it just kept growing, really.
We would just find things.
Oh, shoot, I was listing out all my stuff
and I forgot to put my WinterSwan color on it.
No, no, I was recently putting all my stuff up
for Infamous.net, because they wanted the list
of my gaming systems, and I forgot the WinterSwan.
Well, now you're just going to lose all that cred.
But the way things went, it was just,
we would run in and, oh, that's cool,
oh, that's cool, oh, that's cool.
And then, you know, we'd sometimes say,
I really want to play this game.
So we picked up a Neo Geo, not Neo Geo, a Turbo Duo,
not Turbo Duo, PC Engine Core Graphics.
Sorry, I had to think of system and country and everything,
which is the Japanese version of the Turbo Graphics.
And because you cannot play the HuCard games.
They are not compatible.
There's one converter that's supposed to work okay.
We could never get to work, and if you find
it's super expensive, we may as well just buy the system.
So we got a Core Graphics so we could play
our Japanese HuCards.
A lot of it is just like, it's here,
we have the money right now, why don't we get it?
And then Dan was working at GameStop and then GameCrazy,
so when he knew stuff that come out,
it'd be like, let's get it.
And when the PS3 came out, he had just quit GameStop,
but he had put in his pre-register, pre-order as manager,
so he was first in line, so he went and got it.
And then Discover gave us $100 credit back
because he had spent so much.
So we basically got our $700 system for $600.
And we still have it, our original PS3 works just fine.
So it's just one of those things where your collection
just kept growing and growing and growing,
and then it suddenly needed its own room
because you're just both gamers.
I wonder what that is behind you.
Will you grab me that black and blue case please?
The black and blue case, hold on.
I want to see what it is.
Because keep in mind, we also have a lot of stuff
just packed up in, oh it's empty isn't it?
It feels empty.
Because we've just got stuff packed up in bags and things,
old systems, like I think one of the things behind you
is an Xbox.
In that black and red case there,
that's where we keep the Neo Geo.
Like the AVS cartridge Neo Geo.
And someone just sold us a Neo CD for like $100
with a bunch of games.
So like I said, when we get these things,
they sort of fall into our lap.
Where do you think all this stuff's going to end up someday?
Like do you see yourselves hanging on to this forever?
Or what's going to happen, passing it on to children?
Dan's talked about selling it a couple of times,
but then we get talking about it and neither of us
can really see ourselves parting with it.
Because it's not like somebody's going to call hoarders on you guys
because you really neatly have stacked everything
and it seems like there's organized chaos in here.
Yeah, and we pull stuff out all the time to play with it.
And I wouldn't say you guys are like obsessive compulsive either.
It's not really like that.
It's just this collection that has gone insane.
It really just sort of happened up there with all the Bimani stuff
when we really got into music games.
We just kept getting controllers and systems and,
oh, American Beatmania 2DX, let's get it.
And the guitar freaks, we both had to have a guitar.
And then I found the drum kit really cheap from,
not Toys N' Joys, but it was another importer.
Speaking randomly of American 2DX,
I wanted to throw this out here.
Because it wasn't news that made the earlier show.
But Naoki runs a Facebook.
And it really is him. I asked him when I saw him at E3.
It's his Facebook.
And he was actually asking questions about music games on there this week.
And he actually said, what type of music game is your favorite?
And would you want to see another karaoke type of game?
And overwhelmingly, it seemed the response was like,
no, we don't need any more karaoke games.
And everybody was like, 2DX, 2DX, 2DX.
Bring 2DX on the PS3. Please release on the PS3.
Because if they did release it, it would be region free.
Where even if they released it in Japan,
you know you're going to have tons of people over here buying it.
Oh, hell yes.
That might be part of the reason it's getting held up.
Maybe they're having problems with music licenses or what have you.
Although I don't think they license a lot of music for BeatMania anymore.
I don't know.
Well, I actually answered on the thing too.
Did you?
And I was reading other people's responses. They were funny.
I did, but I got in late.
But yeah, the Pink Biscuits up there.
I think we bought a friend of ours, Para Para.
Para Para.
Up at the very top to the left of Samba de Amigo in keyboard mania.
Which soon the Kinect is going to be taking the place of some of that type of stuff.
It's funny how technology has come.
I really want a Para Para game. I want a Tech Para game.
Well, our other thing too is that Dan and I like playing games with good controllers.
We love controllers.
What other good, like, back in the day topics can we talk about?
We can talk about trying to remember the first time we all met.
I don't know if I totally remember the very first time I met our Sakura.
I remember.
It was at Milpitas Golf Land playing Para Para.
And you showed up with Jessica.
I did, yeah.
And she was, for those that followed the DDR scene for a long time, she was a Guana girl.
One of the administrators, I think, for a while on the DDR Freak forums.
She's still listed as one. I don't think she does anything.
I think she's like a legacy administrator or something.
I'm still there as a moderator.
A lot of people don't know that is that she and I actually played our very first game of DDR together.
And it's kind of funny because we both ended up taking on...
We actually went...
And I think this is kind of common knowledge now.
We had a spat for many years.
We had a personal disagreement that just got way out of control and it was really ugly.
And we've worked our stuff out since then and we have a pleasant friendship and everything.
And I think it's great that she's back on Understadation Live.
And I know her and Travis have always had a really funny conversation style.
So that's really cool and I'm happy for her.
A lot of people don't know that a lot of us...
We kind of started that whole thing together.
And she went on to do this thing with DDR Freak.
And then I went on to start OLR with you guys.
It's just kind of really funny how we kind of branched off and did these big projects.
The DDR Freak thing sort of came up right just after, I think, we started Orange Lounge.
DDR Freak Radio was a project and it was always...
I haven't talked about this a lot, but we're in the marathon part of the show.
We don't expect a lot of people to listen to.
When DDR Freak Radio kind of first came out, we were...
At least I think you kind of knew about both projects.
We couldn't say anything because you kind of had to walk this delicate line, right?
Which is what I was doing for a long time.
And when I found out, I was a little bit irritated, truthfully.
Because we had that kind of personal conflict going on.
But then I was like, dammit, this whole idea that I've really tried to take off the ground and so forth.
Like, you know, was just kind of like shot in the foot.
But then you kind of take lemons and you make lemonade, right?
So it's like, okay, well, if they're going to do this thing, how can we do this and make it our own?
And make it, you know, its own type of thing.
And then it turns out we started OLR with the Dance Mania stuff incorporated.
The talk radio was built into that as well.
So, you know, that kind of ended up being our shtick.
I think DDR Freak is still on at Live Through the Five, but I don't think it's maintained.
Our real strength has always been our versatility.
And it was, I think a lot of people don't realize that...
This is Alex.
Hi, Alex. How are you doing?
Come in real quick. Say hi to everybody.
We're actually broadcasting our marathon. I don't know if Dan told you.
We're on a marathon episode of our show right now.
Marathon.
It was a marathon. How are you doing, Alex?
Doing pretty good.
You have an online, you got to get real close to the, these mics aren't very sensitive.
Do you have an online name you use that you want people to know?
I suppose you can tell people that I use the name Five Gears.
Five Gears. Alright, Five Gears. What kind of games do you play?
Mostly single player today. I can't afford to play Xbox Live.
Did you hear they're jacking up the price? Ten bucks. We just talked about that earlier.
Yeah, that's, well, I don't usually play online anymore.
But when I did, it was a lot of Halo.
And I'm probably going to have to, depending on how Reach goes, because I'm going to try that out.
Not that it's here or anything. Just, you know, you're going to try it someday. Legally.
Oh, of course.
Absolutely.
But when I try it out, I'll see if it's worth actually playing.
And playing online with friends is really the only reason why I ever did it in the first place.
I have all kinds of online games on PC.
Like Mr. World of Warcraft here.
Hey, hey, hey. Not going to lie.
World of Warcraft. I used to play that.
I still do. I was talking about the Cataclysm beta earlier in the show.
Yeah.
Playing that a little bit.
When are you going to get the needle in your arm, man?
My hands are going to be epic. When my friends stop playing.
Because honestly, it's the only reason I play. No, really. I mean, it is.
And they're my real-life friends. And people I know, like in the Bay Area and Allen, we all play together.
And it's like, you know, it's just kind of like the thing now.
You know, I could give a shit about the game itself a lot of days.
But it's just kind of the way we all hang out. It's kind of nerdy, but awesome.
No, no, no. That's fine. You know, it used to be, for me, it was all about just playing first-person shooters online with people.
Well, that's what my college buddies and I used to do.
We used to play Quake online. We used to play Halo 2 for a long time. All that good stuff.
Yeah, no. For me right now, if I do play online at all, it's Bad Company 2 on PC.
All right. By the way, you should be voicing movie trailers. Just so you know.
What's your Solid Snake impression?
Another Solid Snake impression? In a wor-
I'm getting my impressions mixed up.
Allen's looking at Chad, and they think he's Solid Snake?
Yeah.
Awesome.
If you want to look at Chad and read us some comments, there's a mic in there that's hot.
You just have to be loud enough for us to hear you back here.
He's going in there.
He's going in there to see if Chad-
We're fucking bad.
I feel bad because we've been neglecting the chat room, but we're having-
We heart you, Chad.
We're having memories.
We heart you, Chad.
Here.
Memories.
Where was I? I was talking about the conflict that Iguana Girl and I had, but we're cool now.
And then I was talking about-
Yeah, now she hates me.
Well-
I can't give a shit.
I'm trying to stay with the positive.
I am.
But I was talking about the conflict, but then, okay, the day, there was a New Year's.
Was it 05 or 06, I think?
Something like that?
That she came- Well, it was after we buried the hatchet.
It had to be just based on other events.
I know that happened around that time.
I think it was 05.
We actually ended up doing a broadcast from Orange Lounge Studios for DDR Free Radio.
That was like the Nintendo and Sega logos appearing at the same time when you first boot up some of it, like F-Zero and some of those.
That was a huge event.
Yeah.
But a lot of people didn't know the difference.
We did the New Year's.
But it was huge.
The New Year's Bimani countdown.
Yeah.
But it was good.
I'm glad that all worked out.
Anyhow, wow, didn't mean to get off on those topics.
We were back on talking about how we first met.
Let's grab a box of games.
Well, I got to Dan and me meeting and me moving out here and us, our children multiplying.
I'm sorry, our games multiplying.
But I really didn't, though, get my own group of friends until I started going to Gothland and playing in the arcades there.
Because I was playing DDR at home already.
And BeatMania, I had BM98 if you remember the old emulator.
And I was playing some of the games and I was like, oh yeah, these are fun.
I get to bring over stuff.
Oh yeah, this is fun.
Which were my friends through Dan.
So I'd kind of hear about it.
And then I went to the arcade and it was Danielle.
You remember her?
I put my token up on the machine and she's like, one of us.
Nice.
So and then everything kind of exploded and our group just got huge.
And I had a birthday party at Gothland on the floor in front of the fourth mix.
I remember the day the fourth mix hit Gothland, I actually called in sick.
Well, I was already, I was like legitimately sick.
I called in because I was sick to work.
And then I found out that RVGL got fourth mix that day.
And I was like, I'm going, I don't even care that I'm sick.
I'm going, I'm going to go be one of the first people to play that machine.
And I was sick as a dog that I played it.
And I probably gave you all cooties.
Although I do remember that I was the first person of us to play a Max.
How did that work?
I was in San Diego.
Oh.
And the arcade there was like one of the few in SoCal that had it.
Very cool.
So.
Yeah, those, those Gothland nights used to be something else.
There they are.
Oh, what'd you find?
Dark soccer's reaching for, what is this, Saturn games?
Dreamcast games.
Wrong.
Turbo graphics.
Oh, snap.
R-Type.
Space Harrier.
Oh yeah, I do have Space Harrier.
Welcome to fantasy zone.
Get ready.
40 bucks.
According to the price tag.
When it was new.
Pac-Land.
Ys one and two.
Here's my Japanese games.
Twinbee.
Some weird bizarre shooter called Eldis.
Uh.
Garud and Tetsu 2.
Which is Fatal Fury.
Yeah, it's just Fatal Fury, right?
Puyo Puyo.
Puyo Puyo.
Uh, uh, Strider, which we actually cannot play this game.
Why's that?
Well, it's sealed.
That might be one reason why you can't play it.
Oh, it's not sealed.
It's just.
Oh, it looks like it.
And sticky paper.
Oh.
Um, because we do not have, um, a system that we can use an arcade card in.
The, um, the one system that I really want, and listeners, if you want to band together
and do this for me, I'll be your best friend forever, um, I'm really trying to get a duo
RX, because it has the arcade card built into it, um, they're, they're about 150 bucks.
I mean, you can get them pretty affordable still.
But, um, I can't use an arcade card on my American Turbo Duo because the pin, the pins
are wrong.
Remember I needed the, the, uh, converter.
And the converters are highly unreliable.
So, it's one game that we have, and Dan, Dan loves Strider more than anything.
The first website that he and I made together was his Strider Zone.
You guys made websites together?
That's so adorable.
Back on AOL.
Alan, why are we making websites together?
It's so precious.
It's called Neo, and I want to know if anyone remembers this.
He's just shaking his head at me, like shut up.
I want to know if anyone remembers this.
It was called Neo Strider Strider Zone.
And I touched up all of his graphics.
When I was a junior in high school, I had a Sailor Venus fan page on GeoCities.
You fag.
Yes.
Hey, my first cosplay was Sailor Venus.
She's the best one.
That's awesome.
And then there's this.
Ooh.
Ah.
Miranda of Blood.
It's the holy grail of the, uh, Castlevania.
Would you like to touch it?
Yes.
I'm surprised you don't have this, like, you know.
Shoot, we play it.
Framed with, like, laser beams that, like, just cut you, like, the Resident Evil movie
when you try to touch it.
Or, like, Catherine Zeta-Jones in Entrapment trying to go through the laser beams.
I used to be able to, to know, this is all I, the only thing I can read on this is die
something custom.
It's a tank game.
So the, the port that just came out on the Wii, does it look like this or is it different?
I haven't tried it on the Wii yet.
We haven't got it.
I haven't bought it either.
Yeah.
I, I just, that's, all I know of those is die.
So anyway.
Die!
No.
Yeah.
I see, I see anime girlies on that one.
Yeah.
That one right there.
Yeah.
This is, um, Valis III.
And then, yeah, the rest of these are PlayStation.
Tempest X.
I think we got a, these, these characters look familiar.
I think we got an American version of this at some point.
Yeah, we did.
Those are the NAMCO games on PlayStation that were all the Namco stuff.
And then wasn't there, like, a trademark symbol game that's really rare?
In Japan.
Yeah.
It's a restricted symbol.
And someone is supposed to be getting it for me.
Nice.
What's in it that's so special?
I don't remember.
But this one was really hard.
Just won it.
This one was, I wanted all of them.
This one was really hard to find, too.
The O, um, that has Legend of the Valkyrie in it.
Which is such a cute little fun game.
And here's, we, we've got, yeah, we've got all five of them.
Of the US ones.
So, the first one.
Wow.
It took us forever to get all of them.
Trust me.
So the first one is Pac-Man, Galaga, Pole Position, Bosconian, Rally X, New Rally X,
and Toy Pop.
Then Xevious, um, Grappler, Super Pac-Man.
This was the one that was the hardest to find, was the A.
Because I wanted Super Pac-Man.
Mappy, Grobda, and Dragon Buster.
You know we covered that story?
That said, oh, Grobda, we're gonna get it remixed.
I'm like, dude, it already came out in the US, so.
Uh, and you could play this on the PS3.
Because they were playing PS1 games, right?
We had to get M as the greatest hits.
Uh-huh.
Which sucks.
Because of Ms. Pac-Man, I'm sure.
And Dig Dug.
Galaxian, Ms. Pac-Man, Pole Position 2, Dig Dug, Phazon, and, uh, the Tower of Druaga.
But you could play that on a PS3 right now if you wanted to, right?
Well, this was back in the day on PlayStation.
Sure, sure.
Then C was Assault, Pac-Land, Ordain, The Return of Ishtar, the Genji and Heike Clans.
Wow.
And then Motocross, Baraduke, Dragon Spirit, Pac-Mania, and Legend of Valkyrie.
Wow.
I just remember Assault from the arcade, the tank game, where you get to certain paths and you fly up in the air and you can fire your missiles a long way.
That was a fun game.
So let me ask one more, like, reminiscy type of question about games, and then maybe we'll take another quick break and move back into the studio and do more stories.
Because we actually have a lot of stories still to talk about.
Um, clearly we're all, like, game nerds of a certain caliber.
No.
We wouldn't do this show, right?
What do you think, and this is really a question for everybody, so Alan, I hope you're listening too.
I know you can hear us in the studio.
Um, we get a yep from the other room.
What, um, why is it, what do you think made you such a gaming fan?
Like, why do you think you play video games and you love the games and the gaming culture, like, so much?
I practically grew up with it.
I mean, seriously, I remember playing the Atari 2600 when I was a little kid.
Um, I remember the Odyssey.
You know, I, it's just always been there, and it's always been a fun and kind of integral part of my life.
I hope that doesn't sound too sad.
But it's just always been there.
And...
I don't think it's sad because my story is somewhat similar.
I didn't like to go outside that much because I had asthma and allergies and everything, and that, and I hated everybody.
So, no I didn't.
But it was, it was my form of escape, and you know, my mom would play Nintendo with me.
She'd play the Nintendo.
And then when she was asking me for Christmas one time what to get my brothers, Genesis or Super Nintendo, I told her Super Nintendo, and then I played it the whole time.
So, but I mean, it's always been kind of, it's been sort of a bonding thing in my family a little bit.
And, and then when I was living in Alabama and playing games, I could play some things over the dial-up connection with friends in California.
And, you know, it just was my way of kind of getting out of how crappy Alabama was to live in.
I mean, at the time. I don't think Alabama's crappy, don't get me wrong.
I love my home state, but I never want to live there again.
I just did not like being stuck with everyone expecting me to be one way when I was clearly something other than what they wanted me to be.
So I would just play games all the time and kind of forget about it, and then it instead expanded my life.
I met my husband because I loved anime and video games.
I moved out here, we have a happy life. I have a whole bunch of Transformers.
So, I mean, it was, it's really, I think it's opened some doors in my otherwise lack of a social life.
And now I think I'm a lot more social than I used to be, and I would say video games have a big part of it.
I wouldn't say that, I don't know if it was like a social thing, because I would like to think I was still like kind of social when I was a kid.
You know, I have friends and all that stuff, but I think like growing up especially, I was, you know, my brother and sister were so much older than I was.
My brother is 14 years older, my sister is 16 years older than I am, and my parents then are quite a bit older.
My mom was 37 when she had me.
So by the time I was around, not only did I have kind of the only child syndrome thing going on, but my parents had kind of done it all with my brother and sister.
You know, they didn't want to do the camping thing or the, you know, a lot of the trips.
And not to say they didn't try to do that, because they did.
But let's face it, they were just getting older.
So I a lot of times just kind of had to entertain myself.
And I remember the day we got a Commodore 64 for Christmas, and I actually would play, the family got one for Christmas, and I would actually play that thing.
We hooked it up, and I remember like writing one of the programs in the book and running it, and it was like so awesome to know that like something I had done had made this like program.
And so I think the Commodore 64 kind of enabled me to gaming, even though we had an Atari 2600 that I played and all that other stuff.
But I just found myself like I was really able to entertain myself by like writing these little programs or typing them in for magazines and therefore feeling accomplished.
And, you know, trying to get these accomplishments in games and so forth, and the games were sort of something I was able to get into.
And I felt like it was something I was kind of good at, and that I was able to kind of like follow the scene. Sorry, I'm just stretching.
I was able to like follow the scene pretty good.
And whereas like a lot of kids were really good at football or baseball or sports and things that I wasn't so good at, I was good at games.
And I could kick their butt in any like video game, and that was always like kind of cool.
And I think that's kind of what like enabled me into video games.
And of course I was a big band nerd in high school.
Me too.
So that I think was part of the reason why I got into the music games when they came out, and especially like Busta.
Now here in America it was Busta Groove, right?
No, Busta Move.
It was Busta Move in America.
No, in Japan it was Busta Move, in the U.S. it was Busta Groove.
Right. So it was Busta Groove that actually got me into games, in the music games.
And I know Jamie hates that because that's not what they were called, really.
But I didn't know any better, being somebody who didn't really follow the import gaming.
It was funny to laugh about it.
So we're trying to get the mics untangled as we move back to the studio.
We're playing mic roulette here.
Yep.
But that's how I-
Shutting the door on the vault.
There you go. That's how I kind of got into music games.
And then DDR was like awesome. It was like the best thing I'd ever seen at that point.
The ditter was great.
All right. So we're retaking seats here.
You want to take this, Alan?
My butt was going to sleep on that floor.
Yes. But I hope you guys enjoyed our little stories from the vault.
If you guys want to ask us some questions and chat, chat.orangelandtrady.com.
Any types of like follow up or what have you.
I'm finally able to look at chat here again.
And let's see. We should be, by the way, the G line should be up.
I'm trying.
So you should be able to get back in. So let me know if you have success.
Let's see.
Blaze in our chat room says, my mom used to whip my butt in Donkey Kong Country on the Super Nintendo.
See, my parents were never like really into games at all.
Like, I don't know. My dad, I think would try, but he just, I don't think he was really into it.
Like you'd rather just take me mini golfing or something.
And then I'd want to play games the whole time we were there.
I wouldn't want to really golf.
Let's see.
Toygak says Bust A Move is a game in the US.
Yeah, that was the whole problem. It was Bust A Move was Puzzle Bobble.
Yep. Which I think Puzzle Bobble is much cuter.
Yeah, it is. So, all right.
So I think we're going to take, let's take like a quick, quick break.
And when we come back, we'll do some more news stories that we have listed and some of the other chat topics we have.
Okay.
Does that sound good? And we got to think about what we're going to do for food too.
I think we're going to do a take and bake.
Right. What time do those places close?
Like nine?
Yeah.
No, tonight?
Papa Murphy's? They're like seven, right?
Well, then we should go, oh.
Yeah, right?
Yeah.
Well, there used to be one near me before they closed and they were always eight or nine o'clock.
Okay.
Yeah.
We'll call one and find out during this break.
Okay.
So we're going to take a quick break while I figure out the food situation.
Then we're going to come back.
We're either going to do stories or if I have to run and get food, I don't know what you guys are going to talk about.
You'll think of something.
We'll talk about you.
Classic game I could do.
Or does that come later?
That's come later during the stories.
Okay.
We'll worry about that.
But you can talk about PC games or something.
I don't know.
Or just field questions from chat the whole time.
I don't know.
We'll figure something out.
We should do an ask, let's ask Orange Lounge when we come back.
All right.
Well, we'll see.
We're going to talk about dinner and all that stuff.
So we will be right back with more of the Orange Lounge Radio Marathon right after a quick break.
We are live at All Games Radio.
We'll be right back.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are taping our marathon live at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com.
It is Saturday, I want to say October, September 5th of 2010 at 642 p.m.
And it is, we've been on the air since what, about 2 o'clock?
Something like that.
But just a little bit after 2.
So we're on our, about four and a half hours in of our show tonight.
We had our main show earlier.
If you're tuning in expecting to hear Loki and the usual bits and all that,
that started at 2 and finished at like 5.30.
So we're kind of in the extra stuff now.
We're broadcasting all night long because we can.
It looks like a lot of you guys are joining us.
I'm looking at our chat room at chat.orangelaunchradio.com,
which, yay, we're back in after all this time.
Thank you guys.
And Rama keeps having to remind me it's Sunday.
Did I say it's Saturday?
Yeah, my bad.
I just, I don't know why.
I just really want it to be Saturday.
Because you have tomorrow off work.
I know, because I have tomorrow off work.
That's part of it too.
So it doesn't like feel like Sunday because usually I'm having to get in that mode of,
I got to go back to work tomorrow.
So that's actually what I say too.
Better go to bed and work tomorrow.
So we're back in the studio and we've got food figured out.
We're going to do that during the next break because they don't close as early as I thought they did.
Dark Soccer actually made a phone call.
That's good to know.
I like that.
So we're doing what, pizza tonight?
Yes.
Good.
The food of gamers.
That's right.
The food of gamers and the food of marathons actually.
All things considered.
All right.
Hopefully Dark Soccer got this.
I sent out a second show roll full of other stories.
Hopefully you saw that in your email.
That would be a good question.
Let me see.
Okay.
Take a look.
Because we're going to do some more stories for you guys.
Some things that actually missed the show roll originally.
We'll talk about those.
And then we've got more classic games of the week coming up.
And take some of your Facebook questions in the segment as well.
They're going to do Ask Orange Lounge I think while I'm gone in the next segment.
And some other stuff too.
And oops.
Hey.
How about some more DDR music?
Woo.
I think we heard enough of that during the break.
Sorry about that guys.
I think I only got one.
No.
I know.
I sent you one.
Take a look.
Oh.
No.
It.
Because it.
Compressed.
There it is.
That's it.
That's it.
Open up the attachment.
No.
No.
Open up the attachment.
Down.
Down.
Supplement.
Yay.
Okay.
It's ugly but it works.
Alright.
And also if you want to send us comments or whatever.
Chat along with us.
Chat.orangeloungeradio.com is the place to be.
So happy we found our way back in the chat.
Alright.
So Dark Sakura.
Well.
For firsties.
For people who love Sonic Adventure.
Like me.
On Xbox Live Arcade it will be $10 as of September 15th.
And that's really really sweet.
Sonic Adventure is probably one of my.
In fact the only probably good one of the three.
You know.
3D ones.
So I have to say that's pretty sweet.
And.
Apparently.
I just think this is funny and I want to read this from the article.
Because I snickered just now.
It's like.
We've contacted Sega to find out if the game will arrive on PSN on a similar timetable.
We also sent them an email with the subject line.
Give us C-man.
Followed by a body of text which essentially read C-man.
So.
Are you going to be downloading this to check out and play?
Or are you like.
Screw this I have the original.
Screw this game.
I'm kind of screw this I have the original.
Yeah.
But at the same time I would like to support it.
I sank so many hours into Sonic Adventure 2 for the Dreamcast.
And that's the one that had the little Tamagotchi Pokemon where you had your little babies.
The Sonic Adventure had them too.
Okay.
The Chao.
Yeah.
I sank about 30 hours into those things.
Because you have to like.
I don't know.
Breed them and they have the little bat wings or the little things you can get on them.
And you play with them on your VMUs.
On the VMU.
And I finally was like.
This is not the best game and I don't know what I'm doing.
So I stopped playing it.
No.
Imagine trying to play them in Japanese.
Aw that's kind of sad though that you stopped playing after all that.
Well my first Dreamcast was Japanese.
And we had Sonic Adventure.
So trying to make myself read it.
It was fun but yeah.
Alright.
Well another story for you guys about Xbox Live Arcade.
Aw crap.
I linked myself to the wrong story didn't I?
Son of a gun.
You need to talk more Sonic Adventure.
I lost my story.
Okay.
What was your favorite level in Sonic Adventure?
Running from the semi-truck.
That was Sonic.
Yeah Sonic Adventure 2.
That was it.
And then also that's the same semi-truck that is in the beginning of Bayonetta.
Really?
Yeah.
Cool.
Actually I love in Sonic Adventure it's the Sky Highway.
Or the Speed Highway.
Isn't Bayonetta full of all sorts of those types of inside jokes?
Yeah.
Would it say yeah?
Alright.
I got my story.
Yay.
This has to do with Trejar.
And I'm sure Dark Cycle will be very happy about this Trejar story.
It is a puzzle shooter.
You might know it.
Bangayo.
Bangayo HD is coming out for Xbox Live Arcade.
It's Bangayo HD Missile Fury coming out for Xbox Live Arcade.
This game originally was on the Nintendo 64 and the Dreamcast.
But now it's being revamped and redone.
It was done before on the DS but DS is in your pocket.
This is on the TV.
It's on the big screen where everybody can see it.
So yeah there's going to be giant robots and lights and fruit and all that stuff that Bangayo
is famous for.
You can break out into a sweat trying to dodge 5,000 bullets in 1080p.
Yes.
And that's what Bangayo is all about.
My question is though, if Bangayo is going HD and all this, see it's horizontal.
Wasn't Bangayo another vertical shooter?
Those don't translate too well into the HD because it's the wrong proportion.
Unless you were able to turn your HDTV like on its side, then it might work a lot better.
I don't know.
Well they'll just have borders on the side like the final fight.
It always looks weird.
It always looks so weird.
Because that's like half the screen with those games.
Yeah to make them, well try playing, well some games though like I remember Galactic Attack
had a scrolling screen where you could scroll from side to side and it was just shorter
and maintain your proportion.
Alright.
By the way, this is the other cool thing about the game.
It's got 100 levels in the game so lots to play through.
But guess what?
If you finish all 100 levels and you decide, gosh I need something new to play, use the level editor.
You're going to get to build your own levels and share them on Xbox Live.
That sounds like fun.
There you go.
Bongai is a fun game.
So all this Dreamcast revival, good times.
Very good times.
It's full of happiness.
Well in other news, there is a game called Aero Cross High Air, the OFLC, the Australian rating thing.
It's one put out by Namco Bondi.
And it's actually the German USK rated Metro Cross High Air GP.
So looking this over, they're actually related from what I can tell.
Sorry I was looking this over.
No you have to remember the stories in this segment.
We didn't really prep in advance at all so it's going to be a little bit jankier than usual.
But it's live radio, what can you do?
Well it's saying that Metro Cross is supposed to be like a redo of that 1985 Metro Cross that Namco put out.
Which is a side-scrolling foot race and you avoid giant soda cans.
But what's Aero Cross?
Those soda cans are as big as that guy's torso.
Those are huge.
In fact the soda cans actually are as big as him, I believe.
Yeah.
Rob, can you jump over soda cans that are your size?
Um, probably not.
They look vaguely like Coke too.
Oh crap!
Wait, we're not to that story.
I know, I know.
Completely random thing, I want to go to our chatroom, chat.orangetownsready.com.
This is completely random and not on the show world but whatever, we have time to kill the night.
Robert M. is in chat and says, does iTunes still have the iMix user playlist or is that part of Ping now?
And why does that make me think of Bing?
One thing that Loki didn't mention during the show when he was talking about the iPhone and all those upgrades
is that Apple also announced their big new social network this week called Ping.
Has anyone been using Ping?
Alan, have you used Ping?
I'm on it. I added you and your former housemate.
And I haven't touched it since.
And my understanding is that it doesn't really aggregate data for you unless you're willing to buy music
because then it tracks your purchases or review albums and I do neither of those on iTunes.
So I have no idea what it's going to offer me.
I was thinking at first like the way they were demoing it, I thought Ping was going to be this like awesome replacement for Facebook
because it would be like Facebook but music oriented and then like no Farmville or any of those games that are on Facebook.
And don't get me wrong, there's a time and a place for Farmville and Family Feud and Price is Right and all those Facebook games
but sometimes you don't want all that bullshit.
And I was also thinking that like, oh, when they showed Ping, they showed that Lady Gaga was like one of the first people they got obviously
because she's like queen bitch right now, you got to have her for everything.
And one of the things they showed is that she posted a little video that looked like it was taped on an iPhone 4.
But that's not like an option in there for the users to use.
Like I don't know if that's something they're building in soon or what.
So it's like I don't understand the point of Ping.
You can't even write your own status update unless you're Lady Gaga or one of the like famous people on there.
So it's like you can use it to follow famous people and then like see what songs your friends are buying and make its own top ten list.
But otherwise it's kind of like what's the point? I don't get it.
I'm sure that either her or her label is being, I mean when she recommends an artist I'm sure it's really from her.
But if you buy it through the iTunes store, someone's making money for that referral for all the Gaga stans that buy what she says to buy.
I was hoping it was going to be something like Last.fm where you just play your iTunes, put it on shuffle, it'll track what you listen to.
Yeah I thought it was going to be Last.fm Killer.
And recommend music for you.
And have like a Facebook-y type thing integrated into it.
Yeah.
But no. It's none of that. It's just, hey here's all the shit your friends are buying so you can like make fun of them when they buy Spice Girls Greatest Hits.
Although you really should make fun of that guy because that's probably me and you know what? Stop hating.
Alright.
Let's see. Oh Jessica Harper's in our chat, our good buddy from Understadation Live.
Well that explains why she was at the Apple building a couple weeks back.
That's true. When she was at San Jose she was visiting the Apple building.
Now we know why.
She was getting her ping thing.
Ding. Wing.
Let's see.
Redertainment in chat says iTunes has had Genius Mixes for a while now.
That's not a bad way to discover music, although it's your own music.
Like the Genius Mixes run off your own, at least as far as I've seen, it's your own music library.
But it's like really cool. Like a lot of people I have fairly eclectic music tastes.
Like you know I have some Synth Pop for those days. I have some you know Alanis and you know Tori for my angsty lesbian days.
I have a variety of music in my collection. But the Genius Playlist is a good way to kind of like separate it.
Like I'll be like okay today I want to hear Tegan and Sarah and like everything that sounds like it.
And it'll kind of come up with a pretty decent mix.
So I don't know.
Let's see.
Ifarted in chat. Yes that's their name. Ifarted says Sky secretly bought Milli Vanilli songs. Admit it lol.
I'll admit it. I bought them back in 1990 or whenever they were like actually out.
I think I had a single.
That was 91 so we were like.
I was in junior high.
I was actually quoted in the junior high paper during the whole like debacle because they ran a story on it.
And I said something like well if they just released the names of the guys who really did it I'd still buy their music.
It's it's cool.
It's a bit more difficult giving someone shit for their music purchases when they're 14.
It's not impossible but you don't have as much cred.
Exactly exactly.
But just just just let's let's throw it back here a little bit.
You can all you can all thank the guy in chat that goes by Ifarted for this.
Just a little retro flashback for you guys.
Like in retrospect how obvious is their faking.
Like for real.
These guys are supposed to have also had a good voice on their own.
You know and they wanted to do their own stuff.
I need to hear the chorus.
They performed on an MTV spring break back when that was still going on and they actually used an actual LP for their lip sync and it skips.
It was like an Ashley Simpson thing.
Yeah.
So they were doing their choreography and the girl you know it's true was stuttering because I guess they couldn't afford a cassette.
Nice.
That's got to be slightly embarrassing.
All right.
So let's go back to some gaming news.
I'm sorry I got to shut off the Milli Vanilli for now.
Rhetortainment in our chat room says I can't give a 14 year old shit.
Watch me.
That's true.
There's some little shits at like golf land sometimes and I'm like the fuck I can't tell this kid what to do when he's like 14 years old and like thinks he's all like a badass.
It's like you know someday you're going to like be unemployed and hating life and fathering tons of babies and yeah I don't know.
My mom will roll you down with her Range Rover if you don't stop.
Exactly.
All right.
Hey back to gaming news from Milli Vanilli to Mario.
Apparently Nintendo is actually going to be bringing Super Mario All Stars to the Nintendo Wii.
That's an interesting rumor going around this week.
It's coming out October 21st for about 30 bucks US or 2500 yen if you will.
It is supposed to mark the 25th anniversary of Super Mario Brothers.
This game first went on sale in Japan in September of 1985 and then of course it came out in North America a long time later.
That was of course the original Mario Brothers.
Now Mario All Stars came back in 93 and that was Mario, Mario 2, Mario 3 and the Lost Levels which was really Japanese Mario 2.
And in their cartridge they got our Mario 2 is Mario USA even though it was really Doki Doki Panic and I've gone cross-eyed.
Apparently the Wii reissue is going to have special packaging and there will be a little booklet and a CD of Mario music that will include stuff from the original game all the way to Mario Galaxy 2.
But no word if there are extra Mario games included with this.
Here's something interesting I think a lot of the journalists that are republishing the story are overlooking.
There were actually two Mario All Stars karts.
There was Super Mario All Stars and then there was Mario All Stars plus Mario World.
Actually all came on one kart.
It was a pack-in.
I saw it in the vault.
And then the Game Boy Advance got special reissues of each one.
True, true.
Oh yeah the advanced, yeah.
I think Mario Advance 2 is really Super Mario Bros. 3. They were out of order but they all got a GBA remake treatment.
They were really well done.
So I'm kind of curious are we just going to be getting the exact same Super Nintendo game like a virtual console game on disc is what this is starting to sound like.
Which is kind of ironic because most of these games are on virtual console.
Although they have better graphics and the re-release.
Or if it's going to be the whole thing and Mario World.
Because Mario World was one of the best Mario games they did period, you know.
Mario World was relatively epic.
Yes.
Like we don't want you to use emulators but we'll sell you the ROM on a disc for 30 bucks.
Exactly, exactly.
Or the virtual console you know buying all this.
Let's see if I bought Mario, Mario 2, Mario 3 those are all 5 bucks a piece.
Lost levels came out so it's actually 20 bucks just to buy the virtual console releases.
So you're paying 10 bucks for all the super dev graphics.
And I guess you are getting a CD full of music whatever.
It just seems like there ought to be a little bit more to this or some extra Mario games or something.
I mean come on it's the Nintendo Wii.
You have a lot of extra space to do stuff right?
Watch it and not have classic controller support.
Just because.
You got to use the Wii stick sideways.
Well if they put Mario World on it that won't work.
Cause there were 4 buttons.
You had the spinny jump and the...
Let's see Y was run, B was jump, X was spinny jump and A was...
I think also fireball or something.
I don't think it did anything really.
Anyhow.
Let's see moving on Dark Sakura.
You were laughing at some pictures you brought up earlier.
What's this all about?
They're fantastically filthy. At least I think they are.
It's these little additions that hook onto the Wii remote.
They are put out by Mojo Wejo.
And they are supposed to transform...
Mojo Wejo!
Well this is a quote.
Able to transform the varying motions of the control into appropriate vibration signals.
Oooh.
They're vibrators.
They are interesting looking vibrators.
They're will-dos.
They're wee-dildos.
I have to show you chat room and I want to see what you think about this.
Would this be a turn on or a total buzzkill?
One of them looks like something you would use to pick up radioactive material.
Like it doesn't even really look like...
What's that supposed to do? Like pinch things?
No, I bet it's for fapping.
Oh wow.
Seriously, look at it.
It would be an adjustable little clamp that goes around your...
It's the claw.
Is it adjustable sizes? Cause you know I need extra large.
Why are you laughing?
I just looked over and saw Ellen give you a sideways look.
But at any rate, yeah. You know what though? One of these...
I don't think that I find that attractive.
Does it come with Purell?
It just wouldn't... I don't think that a wiimote would give off enough oomph.
Yeah, I don't know. What games are you going to be able to play with that?
That's what I want to know.
What's just some housewife with a big grin on her face flailing around the living room?
What are you doing? Oh, I'm playing WarioWare.
But your hands are free, yeah?
I'm playing the ping pong ball shooting level.
This is what it says on the Mojo Wejo website, okay?
The device is attached to the accessory port on a Nintendo Wii remote control.
The control is then connected to a Bluetooth enabled PC running Mojo Wejo software.
Using the Mojo Wejo patent pending Motion 2 vibration technology,
the device is able to transform the varying motions of the control into appropriate vibration signals
and send them to another selected device in the same room or over the internet.
Wii gaming console not required.
Essentially turning your Wii remotes into shared remote controlled vibrators,
aka Wii vibrator or Wii-Bator.
That's from...
It kind of reminds me of the original.
There's a video.
Oh wow.
There's a video to this.
Oh, hooray.
Wait, I should play this over here so we can get the audio over the feed.
Yeah, you play it.
I've got my sound turned off.
Alright, that's okay.
We're going to play this over the feed here.
Where am I going?
Oh, here? The link?
Yeah, follow the link to SF Weekly.
Got it, got it, got it.
Okay.
I don't know if this has sound.
It's just kind of doing its thing.
It's drawn a little like unhappy face.
That's not really unhappy, that's the meh.
And now it's like...
And now it's very happy.
I'm super happy.
Because I'm playing the Nintendo Wii,
but I have this box that says Mojo Wiijo.
And now my Wii has a little accessory that I shake.
It's making a little shaky thing.
And I'm waiting for something interesting to happen here.
What's it doing?
It's transmitting to the computer.
It is.
Then it's transmitting back to the Wii mode and it starts shaking.
And now the eyes are turning all different colors.
That is kind of scary.
You know what it looks like?
Well, from what I'm getting on here, it's so that you can...
It's for cybering.
It's for cyber sex.
It runs off the Bluetooth in your computer.
That's what it is.
It's just using the Wii mode as like, hey, who doesn't have a Wii mode?
So here's what you do.
You get on your...
I'm just explaining this like I know.
You get on your PC and you find someone you want to do some naughty things with online.
And then you take the Wii mode and put on the attachment.
And, you know, attach it.
And then you go on the chat room and you put like, oh, baby, I am so hot right now.
Like, push the button.
And then they push the button and you're like, ooh.
Instead of typing, I am having so much trouble typing right now, it would be like, you know,
VRQ would be all scrambled.
Because, you know, and then you'd have to get one of the little plastic covers for your monitor.
You remember when people always had the little plastic covers for their keyboard and everything?
And we used to just call it the jizz guard.
Yeah.
Splash zone.
Good times.
Or you just play rez with it, honestly.
That's really what that's made for.
You have amused Tara with your explanation.
Good.
All right.
Well, speaking of sensual video games, the Wii Balance Board is now supported in a massage game.
Oh, you're going to love this, Dark Saga.
Ooh.
Called Love Press Plus Plus.
This looks like the type of massage game that has happy endings.
Not the type of massage you paid good money to go to school to learn.
It's going to be shown off this month at the Tokyo Game Show 2010.
It's a massage game called Love Press Press.
It's by Shirai Labs, and it uses massage recognition to stimulate the physical communication of lovers.
Right.
You choose a virtual partner, and you can pick from various shapes and ages.
Although I somehow doubt there's old fatties.
The shapes are skinny and skinnier probably, and the ages are like young or 18.
No gilfs.
Because, like, real people don't ever be in these games.
Let's see.
Supposedly the game is not supposed to be sexual in nature, although the picture definitely doesn't give me that impression.
The game is supposed to give off audio cues like, stop, where are you touching?
Creepy.
Wow.
There's actually an announcement.
You know what, Rob?
There has to be one line in that game that's in every hentai.
Look, here's this guy playing the game, and it just looks like he's having anal sex with a balance board is really what it looks like to me.
I mean, tell me I'm wrong.
No.
But he's having anal sex with a balance board, and somehow that's massage.
Let's link that in the chatroom and put it to a quick vote.
Okay.
Quick poll in our chatroom.
Anal board sex, Y-N.
Go to the following link.
Is that man having wee board sex?
Anal sex, hold on.
Let me type that in bold.
I have to vote too.
Maybe the longer we broadcast, the dirtier we get.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Some hospitals in Japan are going to get way more weird emergency room visits than they're used to due to this game.
It pinches.
But you see what he's doing?
He's massaging the board like it's supposed to be somebody's back.
Okay.
Now, this actually goes to something which is a kind of a recent, and I've actually been reading sociological articles about this.
That there's been this-
About this?
No, it has to do with it.
Anal sex with wee balance boards?
It has to do with it.
You read a lot.
Hi, it's me.
If there's information to be learned, I learn it.
But there's actually been this big, and they've been interviewing people who are becoming less and less outwardly social, preferring to stay at home more often,
who basically don't want sex.
I guess companionship, but not like with a real person.
Like this one guy married his doll.
Also the guy who married the DS, right?
Oh, the one guy who married his DS.
But it's been this social thing lately.
Actually, well, I was reading, I was doing some, looking up some stuff about birth rates dropping, and they had that as a link in regards to birth rates dropping in Japan.
And I was like, well, you know, isn't this just what we hear about, you know, kind of, you know, fringe behavior?
It's not the norm.
But apparently it's becoming either more of a trend or more of a public knowledge type thing.
So this still totally doesn't surprise me.
Sorry, I'm just looking at this because they actually put on here, they put tweet love press to give your comments.
I'm trying to see what comments, but it's all-
We have a new president, Kat.
Hey, wait a minute.
Like all the results are like more than two days old.
What is this?
We don't have enough, well, we don't have enough people tweeting love press.
I think we need to change that.
It looks like everybody has tweeted love press two days ago.
Well, now we-
And Redertainment, yes, I am very familiar with the term and I wasn't going to bring that up, but that's actually been, again, coming up.
Asexuality.
Yes.
So I think you guys need to tweet about the love press and, you know, how you can't wait for the anal sex we balance board game.
All right, the results of our quick poll are in.
Here we go, let's see.
Yes, I'm sorry, the quick poll again.
Is that man giving anal sex to the balance board?
Yes, he is.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
That's some butt sex right there.
Yes.
Yes.
Frown.
Oh, baby.
Oh, baby.
Yes.
Sadly.
Yes, he is.
Guys goes blind on a scale of one to ten.
I'm a fuck you now.
He's friending the wheeze.
You know, it looks like he's choking the person he's having sex with.
Kind of.
Yes.
Yes.
But he's raping it at the same time.
Anal sex rape o'clock.
There you go.
Those are the results of the quick poll.
But what if it's consensual?
What if the the balance board is consensual?
I don't know.
Then it's not rape.
Again, you need to tweet.
Right at the bottom of that page, it says tweet love press to give your comments.
I would like our listeners to send their comments on the love press over to the makers of the game.
They're waiting to hear your comments on love press.
If you take a towel and wrap it up and press it down on there, does it then become a waterboarding simulator?
I don't know.
That's a good question.
All right.
So there you go.
There's another sensual game.
But it's not it's not real.
It's not sexual.
It's just, you know, going to teach you how to massage.
You know, I hate the term happy ending, by the way.
I know you do.
Which is why I say it all the time.
That is not I'm not going to I'm not going to get on my high horse about this.
Is OK.
Hold on.
I have two questions.
Is it something that would typically be done at the end of the session?
Yes.
Is it going to make the recipient happy?
Yes.
Therefore, it's a happy ending.
I know it's all offensive and shit to massage people who, you know, take the art of massage very seriously.
But, you know, on top of that, it's the other reason why we're running into all this legislation going around now, trying to put police officials on the board of massage therapists in California who have no nothing about it.
As gamers, they're trying to say that M-rated games shouldn't be sold unless they have all these restrictions or games or porn and all this stuff.
It's fun.
Stick it to the man.
That's right.
Have you seen Dark Seeker, the YouTube where this masseuse is like, oh, would you like happy ending?
And the guy says, yeah.
And all of a sudden, like, balloons fall out of the sky and clowns come out.
He's like in his towel clapping like, yay.
I should I should see that.
That sounds now that's funny.
That sounds entirely too amusing.
Do you know how to find that?
You know what I would look up?
We got a marathon show.
I can look up YouTube.
It's fine.
Happy ending parody.
I don't know.
I could probably tell what it is from the cap.
No.
Oh, this one.
Happy ending.
Massage HD.
Uncut original version.
Is that it?
This girl's got big titties.
Now I want to just see this one.
I don't know.
Just going to meet that a little bit.
Oh, this is like soft core right here.
That's hot.
Dang.
This is awesome radio, by the way.
I just want to say that's because we're amazing people.
Orange.
Oh, no, it is.
This is it.
This is it.
Orange lunch.
Cinemax.
Okay.
Hold on.
Hold on.
You have to watch the star.
Look at that massage.
Look at that.
Uh, is that the type of outfit you wear when giving massages?
No, I'm a fan of sweat pants and a t-shirt.
There's a sign therapeutic massages only.
No police allowed.
This sounds like every Chinese restaurant in America, by the way.
Right?
I know.
I think they all have the same CD or there's like, okay, forget it.
Do you want happy ending?
You have a dollar.
Okay.
Okay.
Happy ending.
Hahahahaha.
Hahahahaha.
Huh, you happy now?
Well it really wasn't what I was hoping for.
Oh no....
Oh, maybe you want a hand job.
$50.
For a hand job, right?
Yeah, hand job.
Yeah, OK.
OK.
Hand job!
And they're all in Greece outfits.
That's fantastic.
He's doing it, too.
Hand job, hand job, hand job, hand job, hand job, hand job.
That was amazing.
Thank you, Alan, for bringing that into my life.
I like that in chat.
Oh, chat room, how you have missed out.
For those listening on the podcast,
YouTube user is Mediocre Films.
There it is, Mediocre Films.
And it's called Happy Ending Massage.
It was brilliant.
Love that.
Oh, hey, video game news.
Once in a while here on the Orange Lounge Radio.
Dark Sakura, got anything for us?
Oh, yes, not yet.
OK, well, Kirby's Epic Yarn, OK, they're
saying there's a video, a commercial, that
was an inspiration for Kirby's Epic Yarn.
I'm trying to look at a stop motion movie.
OK, this I've got to see.
And yeah, we haven't rehearsed any of this.
So I'm trying to see what this was.
It's OK, we got lots of time to kill it.
It's a stop motion animation of somebody doing Kirby's Adventure
in yarn.
I'm going to quote this.
OK, it came from, the original idea
came from Steph at Good Feel, which
was inspired by a stop animation film made primarily with yarn,
explains Ellis.
I'm reading off Destructoid.
With the ability for players to interact with the game's
environment, such as unzipping the background panels,
Kirby's Epic Yarn is really its own category as a platformer.
So they're saying that nobody at Nintendo of America
knew what it came from.
So I'm seeing if this is perhaps the, yeah,
this was a stop motion animation commercial
that came out in Japan for Kirby's Adventure.
All done with yarn.
Yarn style, that's kind of cool.
It's really cute.
Isn't it amazing what the internet will unearth?
Like, if you have an unoriginal idea, at some point,
the internet will find it.
You know what I mean?
Man, Kirby sure sucks.
He doesn't even realize it.
No, he does, though.
Aww.
See, that's such a cute, why don't we get cute commercials
like that, Rob?
Explain it to me, please.
You're not watching enough cartoons.
That's what it is.
No, we don't have cool commercials anymore.
How does a hipster play Kirby?
How?
Without inhaling any powers, because it's
a pure experience.
Uh-huh, huh, huh, huh.
All right, do you want to do that story
on the third night's game you skipped over?
I did.
Did you, or did you do that one?
I opened everything up in order.
Did I link the same story twice?
Oh, crap.
No, I just linked the same thing twice.
Sorry about that.
Skip that story, then.
I'll do these two.
Oh, so yeah.
Yeah, it's the wrong link.
I screwed up, blah, blah, blah.
Well, thanks, Rob.
You're welcome.
Well, now you've got to do two stories in a row.
Fine.
I'll do three.
Fine.
Fine, do it.
I don't care.
007, a slew of pre-order items for GoldenEye 007 coming out
on the Wii.
GameStop, if you get the game there,
you're going to get invisibility mode
will be unlocked in the game for split screen multiplayer.
Each player will be invisible for a set amount of time,
allowing you to sneak up on each other.
If you go to Best Buy, you're going to get a tag
mode for split screen multiplayer.
Apparently, if a tagged player gets tagged or whatever,
you can't kill another player without first tagging someone
else.
Now, Activision says that these codes
are exclusive until the end of the year,
but then I don't know what happens with that.
So maybe they're going to, I don't
know if they're codes you put into the game, which will end
up on the internet everywhere, or if it's
some type of DLC, which doesn't make sense,
because Nintendo Wii doesn't do a lot of DLC.
Although, there's some.
Like, the Final Fantasy IV game has some DLC in it.
But yeah, that's strange.
Oh, by the way, if you get the game at Walmart,
you get a t-shirt that says Cheater with an Odd Job hat.
Now, that you can't get with a code, so I hate to say it,
but Walmart seems to be the best place to get this game.
So there you go, a little Odd Job hat says Cheater.
Well, that's because anyone who uses Odd Job is a cheap bitch.
No, Odd Job is awesome, and you just can't deal with it.
All right, by the way, one of the original developers
has some interesting things to say about this.
Martin Hollis, he was with Rare when the original GoldenEye
came out on the Nintendo 64.
He says, quote, I imagine it's a business decision, isn't it?
This is an interview with an official Nintendo magazine.
This name is valuable.
Let's use it.
I find it hard to picture Activision's top management
being excited about the original and wanting to do it justice.
In fact, I find it hard to imagine them
being excited about any game.
It's my perception that they are trying to be EA, only more so.
I think they're doing a fine job with that.
I know, right?
He's a little irritated there.
Now, he does say nice things about the developers themselves.
He says, quote, they are a good company.
I'm confident they've done their very best.
So he's not letting his nastiness go over
to the developers, but it's all about the money grabbers
at Activision.
You know what's funny is that that's
what hella people have been saying about Activision lately
anyway.
So it's kind of funny that it came out that way.
So there you go.
All right, I guess I have to do another story now
because I couldn't link Dark Soccer's story, right?
Hey, Oddworld, Stranger's Wrath.
It's a remake coming to PSN in 2011.
It's a first slash third person shooter that originally came out
in 2005.
And you took on the role of the stranger.
But it was kind of like an Oddworld type of game.
You used ammo, animals, bugs, to actually take out enemies.
It's going to have updated visuals to 720p,
updated graphics, updated music, and all that stuff.
The dialogue in the game is also being remastered.
Is this the, I remember the last Odyssey game that came out,
where you're a cowboy, where you're actually a cow,
and you're shooting enemies first person shooter style.
And I remember it bombed horribly.
Is that what this is, remade?
But you're not a cow, I don't think.
No, it doesn't look like it.
Like a moose or something?
Someone in chattel knows.
How is a cow like a moose?
Well, they're both big and stinky.
All right.
Well, it's going to be 720p and all that good stuff.
They are targeting an Easter release.
One other thing that they're putting in the game,
PlayStation Move support.
So it's almost like a whole different game
from what it used to be.
Move with what Alan says.
Shut up.
I just can't.
I can't stop.
I remember when Abe's Odyssey and Abe's Exodus
were going to be a part of this huge, like, seven
sequel sprawling epic.
And by, like, the fourth game, everyone
stopped caring about the storyline.
Robert Ammon Chat says, you're an alien bounty hunter,
I think, is what's going on there.
So there you go.
Developer Just Add Water is making that whole game.
It'll be fun, I'm sure.
I'm going to go check that out right now.
I'm pre-ordering it right now.
DarkSakura?
Oh, I was just thinking about pizza.
We'll take a break here in a minute and do the pizza stuff.
Well, as far as there's news for DJ Hero 2,
the RZA is in the cast of DJ Hero 2,
as in dude from Wu-Tang Clan, who also likes
to put out kung fu movies.
They've actually got images for his costume up here,
and I'm pulling those up to have a good look at them.
Pretty cool.
Yeah, that's him being motion captured for the game,
so that's actually pretty cool.
So yeah, fully digitized, going to be in the game.
And I'm just double checking to see if there's any other
tracks.
I've been tranced by the ice cream truck music.
Ice cream man, ice cream man, ice cream man.
He's right there.
Is he right up front?
I know it's kind of weird that it started showing up
like in the last year or so, the ice cream trucks
went driving by.
And if you buy ice cream once, they'll
come every day for like an entire year.
OK, he also did Mix Two Tracks, which is LL Cool J's I Can't
Live Without My Radio, and Grandmaster Flash
and the Furious Five's The Message.
And then the other one is Damian Marley's Welcome to Jam
Rock and Walter Murphy's A Fifth of Beethoven,
which was on the Saturday Night Fever soundtrack, which
I have two copies of on vinyl.
Because you're weird.
I got my mom's and my uncle's copies each.
It's all good.
And then there's also a Dollars and Cents Black Rock Track
for the game too.
But I just thought it was funny because the other article
mentioned the other game that he had been motion captured in,
and you know what that was, Rob?
Wu-Tang Shaolin style fighting game for PS1.
God, I remember that game.
Yes, it was like a, oh god, it was like the new Shaq-Fu.
But it wasn't really all that bad.
Remember that Def Jam, the rap fighting game,
there was one of those too?
Oh man, a lot of interesting stuff.
All right, Mega Man Universe.
More information was supposed to come out of PAX this week,
but I don't remember seeing anything additional on this.
Maybe somebody in chat can fill us in on this.
Here's the thing, there was a story
saying that more Mega Man Universe
information was going to be coming out,
because apparently they were giving away
some little things that look like, I don't know,
like little, I don't know what those are supposed to be.
Are those like, I have no idea what that is supposed to be.
Let me come look.
They're like little inflatable looking thingies.
With little pillows or something.
Oh yeah, they just look like little pillows.
Dude, the Ryu is kind of funny, but the Rock Man
looks like actually pretty cool.
So apparently some of the stuff at Capcom's booth
was supposed to be, you know, they
were supposed to be showing Mega Man Universe with more
trailers and game levels.
Ghost Trick, Okameda, and Resident Evil 5,
Bionic Commando Rearm 2, da da da.
I haven't seen a whole lot of information
since then coming out about this Mega Man Universe.
This is the last I'd heard of it anyway.
So I'm not sure if anything came out
within the past couple days.
Let me see if there are any updates today
after we did the show roll.
Oh, there is some footage, finally.
Yay.
OK, let's look at this.
Rob's giving us musical effects while he pulls up the footage.
Sorry.
How about I go, doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo.
Ready to mature.
Ah, stinking trailers.
Doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo.
OK, I'm getting it, I'm getting it, I'm getting it.
Doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo.
OK, are we ready?
No, we have to go by the sponsor message real quick.
So should I do more of the?
No, it's nine seconds.
We're good.
I totally forgot whose level I was doing.
Oh, Metal Man, I think.
OK, here we go.
ESRB, da da da, who cares.
Shut up.
Capcom logo, doo doo doo doo doo.
Aren't you all pretty now?
Konnichiwa, Mega Man creator.
Hi, I'm the creator of Mega Man.
Mega Man, you know, a lot of people who saw the first Mega
Man universe trailer are confused about wondering how
this game will play.
Since the trailer didn't reveal all that much.
Yeah, we sure we want to know you jerk.
He's here to clear up the confusion.
That's right.
The first playable video.
And you can see how it actually works.
Show me already.
I hope this video gets you excited and has you looking
forward to more.
Hurry up.
Why are you mad, though?
There we go.
In your arm.
Play as Rock Man.
Ooh, the graphics look cool.
Wait, isn't that Metal Man's stage?
Yes, it is.
That's Fire Man's stage.
This is the select music.
This is the character select music.
Well, the stage select.
And that's Crash Man's level.
Dude, this is like Mega Man 2 redone.
Oh, that's new.
A level that says Mega Man.
That's...
Play as Ryu.
No way.
No way.
You are Mega Fight.
He says your world Mega Fight.
So, OK, so some of the gameplay looks very Mega Man,
but then you see like this random Ryu.
What is that all about?
I've got to see if there's more.
Are these all just Mega Man?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Are these all just the same?
Yeah, it's all the same trailer, I think.
Oh, no, they all got different gameplay trailers.
Ooh.
It's like different websites got different gameplay trailers.
That's Wood Man's level.
Dude, it's like a Mega Man 2 upgrade.
Plus some, I think.
Play as Ryu.
No way.
I'm going to see like actual one that actually shows.
Let's see what this trailer has in it here.
I think they're all going to be Mega Man.
Oh, my God.
Really?
There's no controls in it.
I do admit that he's actually really cute.
All right.
I'm not going to play that third one because we can't skip through it.
All right.
So it's a Mega Man type of like game.
Oh, so we say there's a triple video out there.
I'm looking at our chat room there.
It shows all three side by side.
Oh, let's see if I can get that.
Why not?
We have extra time because of the marathon show.
I'm going to do Mega Man universe triple video.
Okay, Mega Man universe triple video.
I don't see it.
I see official teaser trailer, which is that same thing we saw before.
This is wonderful radio.
Oh, shush.
You would think that they would have like actual like footage that's shown up from PAX, but I guess not.
Maybe it's not out there on the floor.
I don't know.
All right.
Well, whatever.
I'm over it.
Let's move on to some more news.
We'll get more information on this in the coming weeks, I'm sure.
Dark Sakura.
Other news.
How about EA actually trying to cover their ass?
They basically are trying to defend their whole stupid little online pass deal.
And there's a quote out here put by EA Sports dude Peter Moore.
Digital delivery, maintaining servers able to support that volume of people every 24 hours.
A solid billing infrastructure and customer support.
It all takes time, effort, and money, and we're at the cutting edge of that.
Online pass is a way of bringing more digital experiences quicker from day one, getting people new content.
Yeah, they're just saying this shit costs money.
We need more of it.
The end.
Yeah, we all need more money.
I want more money.
EA should give me $10 because I need to have money to buy their games.
They'd have to pay me to play their games.
I mean, well, not for Sims 3, but like for, you know, sports games.
You know what they need?
Huh?
They need, um, EA needs to put out Wii figure skating and you use the balance board.
And you have to balance to do all the tricks right on there with your Wiimotes in your hand.
That sounds hard.
That would be amazing.
I'd play that.
Speaking of amazing, this is probably the most amazing news story we've had all week.
Commodore USA is going to be making modern PCs, but in replica cases.
And I think that is like so badass.
Um, apparently the Commodore PC 64 will actually have an Intel Atom 535 processor with NVIDIA
Ion 2 graphics, four gigabytes of DDR3 RAM, a terabyte hard drive and a DVD-ROM optionally
upgradeable to Blu-ray.
That is so hot.
I actually kind of want one, but it's in a Commodore 64 replica case.
So you can party like it's 1983.
That's pretty cool.
Not a lot else with that.
I'm wondering, I don't see a price though.
That's the one thing I'd like to see is a price.
Let me see.
Nope, of course they don't say what it is.
I'm looking at the original press release here to see what it looks like.
It will have integrated Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, 6-in-1 media card reader.
Nope, no prices though.
Which means expensive.
Yikes.
Well, I'm still looking forward to it.
I don't know about you guys.
I see folks in chat room, ooh, want.
That sounds like it could be fun.
What do you have, DarkSakura?
Well, I have different news.
There was a game that the Burnout developers were going to be making.
Do you know what that was?
Skate or Die.
Do you remember Skate or Die?
I sure do.
Yes.
They were going to do it GTA style, apparently, instead of just having it be all tricks and stuff.
That would have been kind of cool.
I wonder why they canned it.
Did they talk about why it got canned or why they decided not to do it or what happened?
Well, EA and Criterion basically got on each other's asses again.
And so Criterion then went to do Need for Speed.
And it just looks like it just kind of fell through the cracks.
That sucks.
That could have been kind of cool.
I remember Ski or Die.
That was the quote-unquote sequel.
My BFF in grade school used to get blisters on the palm of his hands.
Like, really gross blisters from playing Skate or Die on his PC, his IBM.
And then I guess I think it was the halfpipe.
You had to roll your palm across the number pad to do the flips.
Used to get blisters from that game.
Oh my gosh.
Cool story, bro.
That just sounds nasty.
The one I remember, it wasn't Skate or Die.
I remember quite as fondly as I do 720, which was an Atari skating game.
Did you play this, Bradley?
Yes, yes.
I played it a bunch.
That's where you get chased by bees, if you're not fast enough.
I actually got to play it again at the California Extreme.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah, that was a hand killer just because doing the spin and the controller a bunch.
Yeah, because it was all trackball, right?
No, no.
It's a controller that goes around in a circle.
Oh, that's right.
Yeah, the controller's like...
But it doesn't stand up.
It's always tilted in one way, so it's really weird to control.
Well, that's the direction you go in when you skate.
You press the button to kick, and then you go in the direction that you have the joystick
in, and then you spin it around as you need to.
But then you would have these really epically long levels.
There was a very unique Atari hardware at that time, because there were other games
that looked very similar to it.
Like hard driving, I think, is one.
And the Indiana Jones game was on that same hardware.
There were a lot of Voca games Atari put out that all kind of ran on that same thing.
720.
I think it's in some of the Midway classic collections, too.
I do believe you are correct.
Yeah.
So I don't know why they got...
Oh, no, because they picked up the Atari arcade assets at some point, I think.
So...
And they should say, skate or die.
Yeah.
Very cool.
Well, the next story, this kind of came up earlier in the show, but I have it listed,
so I'll mention this.
Final Fantasy XIV, the beta was actually delayed a little bit.
It was supposed to start originally on August 31st, but they actually scheduled...
They had to delay it a day because of critical bugs and all this stuff.
But here's the crazy thing.
Like, you know, a lot of people have been having difficulty getting into the open beta.
There's been limited sign-ups and all this other stuff going on.
They stopped issuing beta codes.
They took down the installer altogether.
It's all crazy.
September 22nd is supposed to be the launch of this game.
Three weeks.
This game is supposed to launch.
That'll go over well, I'm sure.
So I don't know.
What made you decide not to get the Final Fantasy XIV beta, Alan?
Watching you play it and your less than stellar feedback of it when you played it.
Yeah, pretty much.
Were you interested in it before?
Well, yeah, I signed up when you did for the...
Oh, I thought you were just doing that for me.
Well, I mean, I'm into WoW now, so I've got enough interest in MMOs to at least check out the competition.
But you were playing MMOs before.
Wow, City Heroes, right?
Yeah, City Heroes.
But you never got Going Rogue, did you?
Have you read anything on it?
I checked Metacritic and I think Game Rankings the week it came out and it didn't have anything.
So I don't think that IGN and all the big review sites have treated it as a priority.
Maybe now there are some reviews up.
Well, let's take a look. We have a little time.
Because it was an actual standalone release, right?
Yeah, if you buy the Going Rogue edition, which is like $29.95, if you plug in that license, it's access to the whole game.
Yep, no one's reviewed it yet.
Yeah, none.
Wow.
Still going strong, but it's communities really underground. No one talks about COH anymore.
That's weird.
I see a comment from Ziba in our chatroom saying, I still say Guild Wars 2 for the win.
Yeah, after looking at that footage, Guild Wars was kind of like, I can kind of take it or leave it.
Like, Guild Wars was kind of a really cool game to just have on standby for those days you just don't want to play WoW anymore.
Like, oh, I'd fire up Guild Wars because I don't pay a monthly fee for this game.
It's a great game to have on standby.
I have, like, the Uber collection that went on sale on Steam or whatever.
But then Guild Wars 2, some of that gameplay footage came out, it looks awesome.
Like, I got to say, I'm really, like, it's all action-y and it looks really cool.
See, that's where, like, MMOs are going these days, is more action-y, and that's cool.
I'm really excited about DC Universe Online if I mentioned that.
Where's the beta for that? I want to play that.
Alright.
Dar Sakura, more news for us?
I do indeed.
This is actually the Sega lineup for Tokyo Game Show.
Actually, Sega Konami Level 5 and Tecmo Koei for Tokyo Game Show 2010.
We've got, from Sega, Vanquish, Virtual on Force.
Oh, that makes me so happy.
Sonic Colors, Phantasy Star Portable 2 Infinity, Black Panther Yakuza New Chapter, Shiny Hearts K-On! After School Live.
Other Sega Partner Games, Sheeran the Wanderer 5, F1 2010, that's a racing game.
Bullet Soul, Arcana Heart 3, Mafia 2.
For Konami, Castlevania Lords of Shadow, Tongari Boshi Tomaho To Omise, which is Magician's Quest.
Metal Gear Solid Rising, Dance Evolution, Metal Gear Solid Peace Walker on PSP.
Back to Umbra, Maboroshi no Yuenchi, I think I pronounced that right, Crossboard 7, and Ultimadius X.
Other Konami Partner Games, Legend of Heroes, Zero no Kiseki.
Catherine, Metal Fight Beyblade, Metal Fight Beyblade Portable, Momotaro Densetsu World, and UFC Undisputed 2010.
That's actually being put out by Youks.
Level 5, Ni No Kuni on DS, PS3.
Ni No Kuni, Hot Troi Stories for mobile phone, Mystery Room for DS, Dumbo Senki for PSP.
Tecmo Koei, Trinity Zil-Ole, Troy Musou, Quantum Theory, Ishino Arashishipu Ryomaden.
Winning Post 7 2010, Nobunaga's Ambition Online, Uncharted Waters Online, and Dynasty Warriors Online.
So, pretty big lineup.
And that's just so far.
People who are going to Tokyo Game Show, get me stuff.
I'd like to go like one day, just once to say I did it.
I'd like to go longer than one day so I can actually spend some time in Japan.
I meant like one day I would like to go, sorry, for the whole show.
Alright, this is another story about some big surprises, and I think this will make Alan very happy.
In an interview with PC Gamer, Gabe Newell from Valve, of course, has said,
I can guarantee you people are going to be surprised at stuff we do.
And this is after he already, are you rolling your eyes?
This is after they came out and said the whole Steam Cloud support on PS3 and all that good stuff.
But he said, quote, this isn't going to stop anytime soon.
I'm just laughing because people will be shocked again.
We have three big surprises in the next 12 months at least.
Thoughts on that, Alan?
If you are a Half-Life fan, you really aren't allowed to get mad at Gabe Newell and Valve,
because if you do, they might keep Half-Life in a closet forever.
It's very much an abusive relationship.
And of course, you know, all of the article, all of the blogs that are posting this story
have a picture of Gordon Freeman in his HEV suit.
I really hope it's something Half-Life.
Half-Life 2 came out six years ago.
Hey, it took 11 years for StarCraft 2, just saying.
Well, yeah.
And I only really play first-person shooters like Bioshock or Half-Life that have that narrative.
And the story, like the cliffhanger at the end of Half-Life 2 Episode 2 was so epic.
It's like I'm a five-year-old on Christmas morning. I want that game.
Now, there was recently a trademark for Defense of the Ancients,
and that of course makes people speculate that there will be a real-time strategy game update to Defense of the Ancients.
So, don't know.
Well, yeah, that's that Warcraft 3 mod that Valve is trying to publish as their own thing.
Oh, really?
And Blizzard was like...
Oh, that's right, because they hired all those people, huh?
And Blizzard was like, LOL, no.
I think that's still in litigation right now.
Well, maybe they'll just change the name. Who knows?
Be interesting if that happens.
Maybe Left 4 Dead 3? I'm sure that would be a big surprise.
Oh, you're rolling your eyes over there. I see you.
Don't think I don't see you rolling your eyes.
Not a Left 4 Dead fan?
It's a great game, but I feel that they have other franchises they should focus on more promptly.
You don't want to see a new IP come out of Valve? The next Portal?
They should work on a damn thing until the next Half-Life. Like, they don't know.
You don't want to see Portal 3?
No, I will go to their office with a ruler and I will slap the little knuckles of their programmers' heads and go,
What are you working on? That's not Half-Life.
WAP. WAP. And then security will drag me out.
That is how I feel.
Promise.
How does Chat feel about this? Does Chat want their Half-Life? Either 3 proper or Episode 3 proper?
Monty Boggs in Chat says, I already forgot how Episode 2 ended. I should probably go back if they do announce a sequel.
Floppy Discourse in Chat says, Left 4 Dead 3 rocks.
It probably came out already because they have a six month development cycle on those games.
But yet Half-Life takes six years.
What do you think they're doing to this game to make it so... I don't know. I guess I shouldn't ask these questions.
I read the Half-Life 2 book that came out about how big Half-Life 2 was going to be.
Half-Life 2 for a first person shooter is a really long game.
All of the conceptual stuff where we want this set piece and we want this event to happen, it was going to be like an 80 hour game.
And they had to cut out all this stuff. So, same thing could be happening for Half-Life 3.
Red Entertainment in Chat says, I wanted Half-Life 2 years ago.
Dark Circuitry says, More Half-Life heart.
And Dark Tetsuya says, No, there's only one game I'm looking forward to in the immediate future and it's on the Wii.
I'm guessing that's the La Mulana game. Didn't that already come out? No, I guess it's still in the future. I don't know.
Haseo Sumi-Ragawa is looking forward a little more to the Final Fantasy 7 Remake that still has not been announced and probably isn't ever going to be.
I hate to be a DVD gamer.
I'm really disappointed that we haven't heard anything about a DS or even DS3D, 3DS, Final Fantasy 5 or Final Fantasy 6.
You know how they remade the SNES ones. Oh yeah, Final Fantasy 4 was awesome.
Yeah, it was amazing. I think 6 might be too big of a game, but they could do 5. It would sell really well here.
Or 6. Don't take this the wrong way, but fuck 5. 6 is really where it's at.
Put the hate mail down. I still like Final Fantasy 5, but Final Fantasy 6 is way up here.
Final Fantasy 5 is vanilla ice cream. It's good and I'm not going to turn it down.
It's cool, but Final Fantasy 6 is like peanut butter cups and chocolate ice cream.
It's like words I shouldn't say on the radio.
We're at 745. Do we need a break then?
Yeah, because the place closes at 9.
Okay, let's break after that story and we'll come back and we'll do a few more.
No, you guys are going to do Ask Orange Lounge, right?
Yeah, we're going to do Ask Orange Lounge.
But they should send them to you.
To me.
So you're going to Ask Orange Lounge with Dark Sakura.
Via private message.
And the Skype line will also be open for you guys if you want to do that.
Okay, I'll come over.
Okay, sounds good. So we're going to take a quick music break while we order dinner and then we're going to come back and do some Ask Orange Lounge.
So send your questions again. Not me. They won't get ready if you send them to me. Dark Sakura in our chat room.
Chat.orangeloungeradio.com if you want to send in some questions.
We're going to take a quick break but we'll be right back with the Orange Lounge Radio Marathon Show.
We're like six hours in now almost. Oh my God.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio on this Sunday.
It is September the 5th of 2010. It's Labor Day weekend.
We are starting to enter our sixth hour of the Orange Lounge Radio Marathon Show.
If you're just joining us at All Games Radio where we do tape our show live every Sunday, it's a little different.
You may have missed last week's show where we told you guys we're going to be doing something special this week.
Loki has already come and gone. He was here at two o'clock for the quote unquote normal show that went until about 5.30 and now we're kind of in the bonus portion.
But now that we are getting into the really random stuff, we actually have to eat. We kind of have to like stop to eat.
So but we're not going to stop the marathon. I'm actually going to run out and get what's called take and bake pizzas.
So I'm going to get pizzas and then we'll switch off and Jamie's actually going to bake them while we do some other topics.
I'm going to bake them.
Well, you're the woman. I'm scared. I'll help.
I knew it was coming. I don't want to burn down your house either. That's what it really boils down to.
But we'll figure something out. We'll make some talking heads while Rob cooks.
All right. So anyway, I'm going to step out to go do that.
But Dark Sakura is going to take over. God help you all. And do some Ask Orange Lounge, right?
Yes. All right. So, of course, it wouldn't be Ask Orange Lounge if we didn't have a theme song, right?
We could do a duet. OK, no.
Let's ask Orange Lounge some stupid question. What will we find out this week on Orange Lounge Radio?
Don't ask me any questions because I'm leaving this house because I know how this segment can sometimes go.
I thought you were going to say sometimes suck.
Do I look like Wayne Brady? Do I sing improv songs on command?
Make life crew and get the fuck out my house, bitch.
All right. Sky says do the live feed while getting pizza. I could do the Ustream.
No, I'm not going to do that and drive at the same time. You guys are crazy.
All right. I'm out.
I would be forced to yell at Rob for doing something dumb.
Be good, kids. I'll be back.
OK. OK, chatlings, let's see.
Haseo Sumiragawa. What's the story with the orange bat?
Oh, shit.
The orange bat came from March Madness, which was a DDR tournament that they held at Milpitas Golf Land.
And it was me and Rob and Jessica and at the time her fianc and I think and somebody else who was with us.
I don't remember.
But we decided that we were just sick of all the people not really doing actual routines and when they were doing their things.
So we actually went and got plastic orange bats and little toy trumpets and did stomp to my beat.
And Rob and I proceeded to hit each other over the head with bats while the others played the trumpets.
And it was epic. And then the bat went around and was signed.
And I think Rob has his bat and then I have my bat. And my bat, I got signed by everyone in Step Squad and RTF to as many people as I could.
So the bat is in my garage right now.
So that's the story of the orange bat.
Dark Circuitry asks, which is the better game, in your guys' opinion, Pump It Up Pro or In The Groove?
Pump It Up.
Because, dude, caution drop.
No, I'm not a big fan of In The Groove. It's OK. It's playable.
But Pump It Up, they're just different types.
I mean, same theory, yes, but different type of game, if that makes sense.
Pump It Up is one of the more major DDR clones where it's the diagonals.
It's the five square one.
Yeah, I tried playing that once and I was so in the mindset of DDR that I made it through two songs and it basically broke me.
Like the different mechanics of the diagonals. I couldn't do it. I didn't touch it since.
And I know people who are really, really good at it who do doubles on them.
So but I just remembered what the how the caution drop used to work on that is that you'd follow the diagonal, your knee would hit the middle and then you're like your foot would hit the top of the back and then you'd slap the bottom two on those four.
Oh, wow.
They had stuff where you had to hit all five buttons and it was really difficult.
So.
So, yeah.
Ranma.
Hi.
During OLRthon, how about firing up the Wii for multiplayer Mario Kart or the 360 for Rock Band 2?
Well, that's because Dan and Alex have taken over the front room and are shooting each other stupid in a first person.
Well, not a first person, but in the shooting game, a shmup against each other that we will not mention the name of in this house because it's not here.
Right.
Right.
But maybe we can maybe we can convince them to relinquish the television at some point.
You know what? It just occurred to me it's eight o'clock. We've been going for six hours now.
We are awesome.
What's the target time? 1am, 2am?
Whenever.
Whenever.
Midnight is the baseline, I think.
Hoof hearted. I guess you like horses, huh?
Oh, it's Spazinator.
Your thought on this.
OK.
It's a one terabyte hard drive for 80 bucks.
OK.
Go for it.
It's not it doesn't transfer for 80 megabytes per second plug and play.
Not bad.
It's not great.
I mean, not like the super most awesome thing in the universe, but.
Hey, cheap terabyte hard drive. Why not?
I think last January or February, I got a terabyte external FireWire USB thing like that for about one hundred and ten to show how cheap hard drive space is becoming.
But I use it as my MP3 slash Torrance drive.
Yeah, I've actually filled up my 500 gig with MP3s and movies and stuff.
Yeah.
And a whole bunch of obscure Japanese Sendai TV.
Because I like my Tower Rangers.
I think your mic's cutting out.
Ah, no cutting out, Mike. You're not allowed.
So next question and thank you, Spazinator.
That that looks like it would be a decent purchase.
Floppy discourse.
Ah, funny.
Floppy discourse.
When is Final Fantasy 14 coming out?
I don't know and I don't care.
I think the PC date is, I think Rob just said it, the 23rd, 24th, three weeks.
Yeah.
We're supposed to have 14 available for PC in three weeks.
I've completely lost interest in the Final Fantasy Online series.
It's gorgeous. Beautiful.
But pretty does not necessarily mean good.
And I'm happy with my Star Trek.
Prettier just means on a PC that not that many people can play it.
Yeah, really.
So a lot of people are holding out for the PS3 version.
Um, Geovdia.
I have nothing to ask. I know it all.
Mwahahaha. Anyway, hi.
Hi!
Hi.
Goldanthro.
What was the first video game you ever played in your life?
Pinball tables don't count, but feel free to say what those are too if you remember.
My first video game.
Pong. Seriously.
I played Pong when I was little.
And then later on we went on to Kangaroo and Popeye and Donkey Kong.
Um, I got an Atari 2600 when I was four or five, I don't know, so any one of those games.
Probably Pac-Man, I'd say.
Oh, the Pac-Man version was awful though.
Yeah, bong bong.
But not as bad as E.T.
Yep, and I played the hell out of that game because when you're seven you don't really have taste.
You don't taste.
With that Pac-Man there was like, I don't know if there was like a setting or something.
After a while it was a weird thing where the power pellet moved to somewhere else other than the middle of the board.
It was like I had no idea how it happened.
Programming glitch.
The first thing I played I remember was when I got the Atari 2600 for I think it was the fourth Christmas when I was like four and then we played Asteroids first.
Because I remember the big splashy colored Asteroids floating around the screen.
That's pretty cool. That's a good game to have as your first. Pong is kind of boring.
Bong. Bong. Bong. Bong.
Okay. As far as pinball tables, I played all kinds of pinball when I was a kid so it's really hard to remember.
The first one I remember playing was, my dad had one called Genie.
No, which one?
It was called Genie.
Oh, one of the 50's ones or 60's ones?
Something like that. I don't really know.
Little rotating numbers?
I'm not sure if it was electronic or rotating. I think it was actually electronic numbers because I would remember because my dad got one that he has right now that I don't know.
Actually he might have gotten rid of it in his new house.
Found it by Gottlieb.
Genie, 1979, four player and it is indeed electronic. Is that it?
Yep, that's it. And it played like the place in France where the naked ladies dance.
There's a hole in the wall where the guys can see their mom.
Yeah, that was just a track sound.
I'll link that in the chat room.
I was hoping I might see it at the California stream but no they didn't have it.
You might be able to find it though when they do that other pinball expo, Pacific Pinball Expo.
They might have them there because they usually have older tables there.
But I really can't remember what my first pinball was and it was something old.
Now what's your first video game you've played in roller skates?
I think it was Contra.
I think it was Frogger.
Roller skates?
In roller skates.
I've never roller skated.
Ah!
You know the people who spent a lot of time roller skating in middle school and high school.
If they can answer the question, you know they played a lot of games at the roller rink.
I didn't really go to the roller rink all that much.
I think it was when our swim team had rink parties where every so often we went to the skating rink during our season.
Either that or elementary school we went there.
After that it was over and we didn't go anymore.
When I would go visit my dad in Dothan, Alabama, the roller rink there was called Bobaloo.
Bob, who was the owner, he since passed away and his wife was Lou.
Bob was friends with my granddaddy.
They taught amateur skating, like figure skating with roller skates.
I would always go up there and just go hang out and talk about granddaddy.
They had the same Frogger machine there while I was growing up.
It was still always in good working condition.
The joystick was a little sticky, but it was the same Frogger machine.
I played that same machine for easily 10 years.
Anyway, how about more questions?
Oh, and Tiara wants to add Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles at the roller rink.
I remember when to play an arcade game it was either the arcade when they still existed or the pizza parlor.
Arcade games there.
I remember when Street Fighter II came out, everyone went to 7-Eleven to play it. When 7-Eleven actually had arcade cabinets.
Oh yeah, we did go to that. I don't know if it was 7-Eleven, but it was some sort of convenience store.
Or like Circle K. Everyone would go play Street Fighter II.
This is out in South Carolina, so I don't remember what it was called.
I remember my high school band trip though. When we went to New York, we drove up.
We actually stopped in Washington, D.C. and then went on up to New York.
And that was when Mortal Kombat II was in beta testing.
With all the glitches and the continuous things.
So we were just, MORTAL KOMBAT WAH!
And the guys would just play it instead of eat.
But I would play that too, because I loved Mortal Kombat and I was really good with Katana.
But that was, you know, that's probably one of my favorite high school video game memories I think.
Other than me letting out a very loud curse while I was playing Zelda Link to the Past while my mom was in the other room.
Oops.
Okay, so. Ooh, Redertainment asked a doozy.
Which place is more openly hostile to outsiders and those who don't conform to the, quote, norm?
Alabama or Utah?
I've never been to Utah.
People are fairly nice in Alabama unless you just say they're very, like,
People try, they tend to be nice unless they're just super backwards rednecks, I guess.
I don't know. I can't tell you about Utah, I've never been.
Anyone here been to Utah?
I've been through there, but I haven't really dealt with the people that much.
I was actually there for a day and a half, too.
Yeah.
Couldn't really tell.
I think everyone's got their bad places.
Yeah, it just depends on who you're running to.
Like, don't go, like, wearing a, uh,
I voted for Perot shirt in, you know, Alabama or something.
Or go, or I miss Bill Clinton, you know.
Last comes from Dark Tetsuya.
Can we resurrect Name That Tune now that we have time, that is?
Um, no.
Not until Rob gets back anyway, because then Rob can do all that for us.
See, we're a little lazy right now, and we're just sort of leaning back and, uh,
Ooh, chit-chat.
People send me more questions, dammit!
A comment from Chad-
See if we can figure out what a game is from a description.
It's a comment from, uh, Chad from Hook Hearted, um,
that his first game on the 2600 was Combat and Outlaw.
I definitely own those games.
I want to say that the-
They're in the vault.
I guess, like, the elite edition of the 2600 or whatever had combat in it.
And I think it was the sports game where you had to hit the select switch to cycle through the basketball and-
Yeah.
I remember that.
Okay, did you ever play The Odyssey 2?
No.
We actually have one. We do not have a TV that it will run on.
Because it's that old.
Does it have, like, Venture as one of the games on it?
I don't think it had Venture, but it had this-
That was a different one then.
Oh, that was Colecovision.
It had Casey's Crazy Chase and Casey Munchkin, the ones that-
Crazy Chase was the clone of Pac-Man, and they got sued and had to bury all these copies,
so if you have a copy of Casey Munchkin, it's kind of rare.
Which I think I've got two copies now.
I've never played it.
But when I was in second grade, I want to say- okay, when did Gremlins come out?
Because I saw Gremlins when I lived in that house.
I want to say 85 or 86.
Okay, so then I was-
If it was 85, I was 9 then.
Because, yeah, I would have been 9.
But, yeah, my next door neighbor had a Colecovision.
And we would play this racing game and Casey Crazy Chase and a game called Cryptequip,
where you put in a phrase and scramble them up and you had to guess what it is.
And I was really good at those word scrambles.
But there was another game where you could play as a warrior or a mage or some other person,
and then a changeling, which you could turn into invisible and go through.
And it was like this- you had to get from one side to the other and get the treasure.
And then it was this weird, bizarre game.
And I'm trying to remember the name of it.
So this is kind of why I was asking.
There's a lot of good games that I used to play and I just can't remember the names of them anymore.
It's been so long.
What was the first RPG that you really invested in and finished?
Like, you saw the ending and you had 30 hours logged or however long it took.
First RPG. Video game.
I would almost say Final Fantasy, except I really lost interest.
So I'm going to go with...
I know it was on the Nintendo and I'm trying to remember what it was.
It wasn't Star Tropics, it was...
And I can't really put Zelda in it too, because Zelda was more...
Yeah, let's eliminate Zelda from this.
Because that's more adventure.
Maybe it was Star Tropics.
It's been a long time. Is Star Tropics or Faxana due or something like that?
Mine was Dragon Warrior 1 and then Final Fantasy 1 shortly after that on the NES.
Mine was Fantasy Star.
Actually, for the most part, I was actually watching my friend play it.
He actually got a... I don't know if he called up Sega or something and they sent him a cheat sheet
to walk through the game so that we could figure out how to get through it.
That's pretty cool.
That's what was a really fun game.
What's kind of funny about that game is that when I played...
Because it scrolls with six frames between the dungeon phase.
When you play Shining in the Darkness on Genesis, it only does a three frame thing.
So it looks kind of...
Going between those two is kind of weird.
Sort of jerky animation versus sort of smooth.
Because it's like really just a kind of simple wall.
Other than like in Shining in the Darkness, it's like all knobbly and out of stone and stuff.
Well, we've got a question from MakeRipper.
What's the next Sims expansion going to be about?
I'm not counting lightning. Aren't they doing like a Cars one?
I don't remember.
For Sims 4?
Sims 3.
I think your mic cut out again.
Oh, how about that?
Yeah, I don't really exactly remember what it is.
I thought that they were doing like a vehicle related one.
I can find out I guess.
Yeah.
I never really got into The Sims.
I remember I tried Sims 1 a year or two after it was out and it had already become a worldwide phenomenon.
I fussed with it for a couple hours.
I never...
I never got it. I never figured it out.
The only thing on here is just late night.
Nothing really after that.
So, at least it's listed anyway.
But hey dude, nightclubs.
It would be so cool if you could have gay dancing in The Sims.
That would be fun.
And I wonder what they're going to call beer and...
They call wine nectar.
Ah.
It should just be wine.
And they should have beer and they need to have hard booze.
You should build a moonshine still in your bathroom.
Like in Dukes of Hazzard.
Well, Sims 2 has so much fan made content from like the 14 whatever expansion packs that came out.
I'm sure you can do that stuff in Sims 2.
Oh, Sims 3 has a lot of that stuff too.
And, you know, people making game mods and everything and EA knows.
Yeah.
They're like, okay, well you get to reinstall all of your stuff again.
Um, wow, okay.
Redertainment also asks, I'm thinking of building a general media library in my house once I buy one.
How large is the room your vault is in?
It's a small bedroom.
It's like 7x7 or something in there.
Something like that, yeah.
It's big enough for a bed and a dresser and, you know, bedside table.
I'd probably put like a...
I think a queen size bed would fit in there, but...
We used to have the futon in there and it took up most of the room.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So, yeah, not a whole lot of...
But there's lots of shelves.
Things are up to the ceiling.
We put in a really big two shelf unit that our friend gave us that has a lot of space on it.
And then we have utility shelves in the closet and a number of just bookshelves up on the walls too.
So, yeah, we've maximized our space saving options and I totally recommend investing in bins with lids that you can see through.
Hey, no one's sending us any more questions.
Is that a Rob?
That's a Rob.
Of course, the first thing he says when he comes in is,
bastard, which is just like Rob.
Welcome back, Rob.
I'm coming to cook because I don't want Rob to burn my house down.
He never cooks, ever.
He made toast once.
I went to, when he and Loki had the place, I went and made lobster kabobs for Rob.
Good times.
They were.
Okay, I'm going to go cook.
Okay.
Are we playing chair roulette?
Where am I sitting?
You should go sit in Jeremy's chair.
Yeah.
Hi, I'm back everybody.
I had a good trip.
Did I miss any good questions?
What were questions that were asked?
Let's see, like, what was the first game you played?
I just saw they timed me.
Goldanthro says, it took Rob about 19 minutes and 43 seconds.
There it is.
You know what's funny?
I couldn't find the place either.
I had to drive because I knew it was at such and such street in I-80.
And I was like, okay, well, there's a lot of shops around there.
So I was kind of like looking around.
I'm like, do I go, I know of this.
And yeah, I had to drive around a little bit.
I would have gotten back in like 14 minutes if I hadn't, you know, gotten lost.
That's all right.
Okay.
Sorry.
The game.
Yes.
The questions I missed.
Good stuff.
Any good ones?
Yeah.
First game played.
And then I think I asked them what the first real RPG that you played from start to finish
was.
The first game played?
Yeah.
Like, I think ours was like Pac-Man, Combat Outlaw.
Oh, like the first game I remember playing.
I have memories of playing Spider-Man on the 2600.
But I don't think that was the very first game I ever played.
Probably Pac-Man on the 2600.
That really awful like, bong, bong, bong.
Like the old school like noises in it.
When you get a ghost, I can't get my voice to go that high.
Yeah, it was pretty bad.
Have you read the drama about why that happened?
I mean, when you read about the whole drama behind it, it actually makes a lot of sense
why that game turned out the way it is.
Like, they would not let him produce it on the cartridge he needed.
And that's why Ms. Pac-Man was so much better.
Yeah, everything about the, you know, the epic video game industry bust of 84 and all
of the shovelware they were putting out, you know, Pac-Man was related to that.
Because Pac-Man was a national phenomenon.
And then they finally got the home version.
It was the ugliest thing that people had ever seen.
It was ugly as fuck.
It really was.
Yeah.
But they, well they made the poor guy condense it down to like a 4K cart, even though he
begged to have an 8K.
And that's why like the ghosts flicker.
Because the frickin' thing can't draw the ghosts fast enough.
It has to actually cycle through and it draws each one in sequence.
And that's why they flicker so much.
Did that game even have fruit in it that you ate?
I mean, obviously it would just be like-
It had the wafer in the middle.
Oh yeah, it was like a hash.
Like a pound sign.
Yeah, it was like a wafer that you would eat.
So, that was it.
And they called it the wafer.
And then Ms. Pac-Man was-
Was much better.
Was very competent for what the system was.
Yeah, but it was also on an 8K ROM.
Yeah.
And they had the room to do it.
And that's kind of like what the poor guy wanted to do the first time.
But, you know, it's all this stuff.
And then you kind of read about what happened with E.T. and some of these other old games too.
And it's really interesting because, what's the guy's name?
I think it's Howard Scott Warshaw is his name?
The dude who made Yars' Revenge.
Which is easily like one of the greatest 2600 games they ever made.
It's completely simple, but a lot of 2600 games were.
It was a lot of fun.
That guy was brought on to make the E.T. game.
But he had to rush it so fast.
And get it out by all these aggressive deadlines and so forth.
That, you know, it just ended up being kind of, you know, junky.
And I don't think it was tested properly.
And he still defends that it was not as terrible of a game as everybody says it is.
And I don't think it was.
Yeah.
It just had a couple key design problems with it that really prevented it from being-
Yeah, it was hard to understand.
But it was playable.
It was probably hard for some people to figure out what you had to do.
It took me a while to figure out what you had to do to finish it.
It really does. It's not an easy game to figure out.
Yeah, it wasn't intuitive at all.
But I remember beating it and getting him onto the ship.
And then I think every time you do it, doesn't it get harder and harder?
I can't remember.
Yeah.
It probably does.
But when you're seven it's hard to have really discerning taste.
That's usually the way the Atari 2600 games work.
It's just the same thing over but it gets harder.
Yeah.
Okay, then the other one was about RPGs.
What were these? Something? No, you asked a question about RPGs.
That was the question that I added was not including Zelda.
Okay.
Because I think everyone- RH has played Zelda and that's more adventure.
But just RPG, Earthbound, Star Tropics, whatever.
What was the first one you invested in and finished where you saw the ending?
That I actually finished or that I played-
That you finished.
Adventure on the 2600.
Okay.
Okay.
I don't know if that's really a-
My friend and I stayed up all night trying to beat that shit.
Maybe that doesn't count.
Let's go one generation up then.
Okay.
For the NES.
I can't say Sword Quest either.
We didn't finish Sword Quest. It was too fucking hard.
Yeah.
On the NES.
I never beat Final Fantasy. Does it have liquor in it?
Yes.
I'll try it.
It's brandy and apple juice.
They can't hear you.
No.
It's brandy and apple juice.
It's the apple pie.
That is pretty fucking good.
Do you want me to do it?
Oh, I thought this was for me.
Oh, poor Jamie.
Come on, Jamie.
You may-
I've got to have a last-
The look on her face.
I'm sorry.
The look on her face was of such defeat.
Like this cross between, oh you bitch, and oh you bitch.
Would you like the apple or the more tequila?
I'll try what that is, the apple pie.
You want to try a sip of this?
See if you like it?
I'll like it, I'm sure.
Okay.
That's good.
What question were we on?
I'm sorry.
Oh, Rama.
I'm sorry.
He just like just won my heart in there.
Not like actually, but it's the first NES game I played was The Goonies 2.
That game was so underrated for its time because it was so hard.
Like it was so complicated, but that game is amazing.
I beat that game with the help of the Nintendo tip line.
Where it was like what, five bucks a call in what, 86, 87?
And I had to basically cry to my grandmother, please let me call.
You called that number like four times this month, all for the same game.
And I was like, please, you don't have to give me a Christmas present.
If you let me call the NES line, because that was the shit back then.
I never call it.
My mom was like, no, no, no, go to your room.
No.
Like she wouldn't budge at all.
Like I could be like, you know, I have an uncurable disease and the only people that
could cure it in Nintendo life.
I have to enter the Konami code to cure cancer.
I don't know what it is.
She's like, do they charge?
Yes.
Go to your room.
I probably could have made it a bit more.
So that would be her response essentially.
Sorry.
Uh, Alan's trying the-
We're getting boozed up right now.
It's really awesome.
Which isn't smart because I have to drive home in four hours.
I mean, I could sleep here, but-
Well, and who knows?
We might go long.
We might.
We'll see.
We'll see.
But, um, I was actually sort of thinking that maybe it could have used another shot of brandy.
I'm sorry.
I don't want to get too screwed up.
Well, Alan gets more and you don't.
All right.
Where were we?
Goonies 2, Nintendo tip line.
It was the shit, et cetera.
Then what?
What was the first game you played in roller skates?
The first game I played-
Oh, I never answered the RPG one.
Uh, the RPG, um, that's not Zelda.
I never beat Final Fantasy.
We got to Tiamat, the dragon guy who's like the last of the elementals, but I never-
I never, um, beat him.
I played through Dragon Warrior and I beat Dragon Warrior.
That was my first for that generation.
Yeah, cause there weren't a lot of RPGs at that time.
I didn't beat Ultima 3.
That's the first one I remember playing and that was a old school RPG.
That and Ultima 4, Quest of the Avatar.
I played the shit out of both of those games.
Um, and they're both really great and underrated again for the NES era.
Just cause they were PC translations and not everything from the PC translated well.
Uh, I guess it has to be Dragon Warrior.
I can't think of- what other RPGs were on the NES in that era?
Cause it feels like RPGs didn't really take off until the Super Nintendo.
I'm trying to remember other ones.
Yeah, I don't want to cause too much dead air.
What were some of your guys' answers? Dragon Warrior?
Mine were Dragon Warrior and then a few months later Final Fantasy 1.
Beat those.
And then I- there was a lot of stuff on the NES that I missed out on.
I never did Earthbound.
I never did StarTropics.
Earthbound wasn't really out on the NES.
A prototype was.
Earthbound came out on the Super NES later.
Okay.
It was- okay.
Story of Earthbound.
Earthbound was actually Mother 2 in Japan.
Mother 1 was on the NES.
But, um, yeah.
Mother 2 was on the Super Nintendo.
Then Mother 3 didn't come out until like just recently, right?
So, alright.
Do we need to play Chair Roulette again?
I'm sorry.
No?
Oh, you're baking.
You're baking.
That's right, Dark Soccer.
Oh, I'm gonna get baked.
Stop.
No, um.
Yeah, I figured I may as well stay up because it's got five more minutes left on it and
I'll just harass Dan.
Good times.
What pizza did you make first?
Uh, the pepperoni.
Dang.
Bless your heart.
Because I figured most of y'all are gonna eat the pepperoni.
I can cook my chicken one next, so.
Alright.
Good times.
And then the veggie.
I'll have a piece of the chicken one, I guess, if the pepperoni goes real fast.
Okay.
Uh, and then you started to ask, what was the first game I played in roller skates?
Uh, the local roller ring near us had Spy Hunter.
And it was a stand-up cabinet.
And it was the kind where you actually had the drive pedal.
Yes, I would use the roller skates on the drive pedal.
I would say it was probably that or Air Hockey.
Good old Roller King.
It's still there out in Roseville.
That's right by where I grew up.
I said his first was Gauntlet.
Dan says his first was Gauntlet.
When's Dan gonna be on the show?
Is Dan gonna come be on OLR?
The game that should not be named.
Alright.
Is that it for Ask Orange Launch?
Half of my drink.
Someone asked if we could play Name That Tune.
And then I think.
Oh yeah.
Danny was like.
Dark Tootsie's been begging me for that all week.
I didn't really set it up in advance.
I'm sorry.
And I don't even remember how the rules to that go.
I mean, I could see.
Yeah, we want to do match game and list list.
But I have to set those up too.
So we'll, we'll play with that later.
Well, how about, um, when I change out the pizzas?
Mm-hmm.
We can do the rest of the questions that are on our list for discussion topics.
Okay.
Actually, I'll tell you what, since really the rest of it was on there for you and Alan.
How about you guys go ahead and do your, your thing?
Oh yeah.
Let's get in there.
Well, there were a couple of news stories too.
Do we want to cover those?
There was one about, one about Telltale.
Did you want to?
Why don't we just do those after I'm done with pizza?
Later?
Okay, that's fine.
Not like we don't have All Night Rob.
Okay.
So Alan and I wanted to do our own classic games of the week and I want to let Bradley
do one of these too.
And I didn't know he was going to be here tonight.
So, um, Alan and I are doing our own classic games of the week.
We're taking over this segment because, um, you know, we wanted to have a longer show
tonight and, uh, we're kind of jealous.
The dark soccer always gets this segment.
I mean, don't you get jealous of her?
Alan, don't you want to be just like her?
So we have our own little classic game of the week segment.
Breakman's asking, when are they going to play truth or dare?
Um, you're gonna have to get me drunk in a minute.
All right.
Our own classic games of the week.
Alan, you want to start first?
What'd you pick as your classic game of the week?
I would love to have a, to take a minute to refamiliarize myself with the Wikipedia article
on it.
So can you go first?
Yes, I can.
I can.
Because you asked so kindly, I will go first and my classic game of the week.
Okay.
The music to this like sucks, but, um, deal.
Okay.
So I have picked a game that was on the PC a while ago, and it was, you're going to hear
this awesome, like ad lib noise in the background.
Cause it used like the ad lib card to make noise.
It was a game called Lexi Cross.
Um, Lexi Cross was like, there's like no music.
It just has the ambient noise to it.
Lexi Cross was like a futuristic game show that was on the PC.
Let me actually fast forward to some actual gameplay.
Um, you're just going to hear that vroom, vroom noise like a million times.
Cause that was most of the music in the game.
But basically what would happen is it was a two player futuristic game show.
And on each side of the board, you would have these, all these monitors or tiles that you
would have your little robot Vanna White that you moved around the screen and she could
reveal the tiles.
But if you hit a blank square, your turn would be over.
But if you hit a silver square that was, you know, part of the crossword puzzle, then you
could keep going.
So it was like this entire crossword puzzle was hidden underneath, um, this entire crossword
puzzle was hidden underneath, uh, the boards.
And there'd be all these special types of spaces.
There'd be plus money.
There'd be lose money.
There'd be vowel spaces.
There'd be, uh, look at a, uh, look at an entire row or an entire column really fast.
Like you'd get to peak for five seconds.
So you could kind of memorize where the tiles were.
Um, and at the end of the day, you would, you could spin the wheel was another option.
When you feel you've revealed enough tiles on the board, you could spin the wheel for
money.
And it kind of worked like wheel of fortune.
And once you revealed all the letters on the board, they would all kind of add up to what
the answer was.
Like all the words in the crossword had something to do with the, like if I fast forward way
ahead in this video here, where they actually start spinning for letters that they ever
do.
I think this guy probably runs out of time at some point, but he's spinning the wheel
here.
At some point, so many letters will be revealed that, um, they'll all have something in common.
Like maybe they're all, you know, places, uh, in Hawaii, or they're all quotes, you
know, from Shakespeare or something characters.
So that's kind of what you have to figure out there.
So it's a cool little, uh, old school game show and is, um, I don't know if you can even
download that, like on good old games or anything like that.
Like I doubt it's available anywhere like that, but, um, it's still out there on probably
abandonware sites and good stuff like that.
But there was copy protection in the manual that actually came with a little TV guide
parody that actually was the copy protection.
You had to know like what was on page seven, you remember old school, poppy protection
on PC games.
Like, yeah.
Yeah.
I remember playing leisure suit Larry at my friend's house and Ross having to, and also
King's quest, having to dig through the, um, manual to find the right word.
Oh yeah.
You know what it was?
The copy protection was like, what is on channel such and such at seven o'clock.
Cause that's like what was in the TV guide was, you know, it was like a programming list.
Uh, I'm reading in the Wikipedia article on this.
It came out in 1991.
It was by inner play.
Inner play made some other awesome, uh, old school PC games in the early nineties and
stuff.
I think they finally shut down in 2000.
What did they make?
Um, did they make MDK?
They made that.
They made, um, Bard's tail.
They're the guys that made Bard's tail good times.
Descent was also them.
So they had a lot of good stuff and they say it's a combination of wheel of fortune, scrabble
and battleship.
And that's a pretty good, pretty good combination.
The words eventually comprise a theme or a quotation, which the player must guess to
win the game.
So that's it a game show.
Go figure.
I picked a game show.
It's called the classic game of the week, but Lexi cross definitely an under looked
classic.
All right, Alan, you already, I am all right.
Oh, clay fighter.
Dark Tetsuya reminds us in chat.
Interplay did make clay fighter.
Let's play the music one more time.
I like this so much.
I want to do the classic game all over again.
Alan, what is your classic game of the week?
Well, for those of us who grew up playing Sierra online games, whether it be space quest,
King's quest or police quest, uh, often, uh, came across one of their lesser talked about
series, the quest for glory franchise.
And my pick is quest for glory to trial by fire came out in November of 1990.
Oh, this guy's talking through his thing here.
Sorry.
I gotta try to find some gameplay of this.
I don't know if there's anything where the guy's not talking.
You found the one earlier that had the, he was talking.
We didn't listen to the, let me see.
Okay.
Let's, uh, look at the introduction.
See, we didn't hear this earlier.
Did we?
I don't think so.
I don't want to hear this jerk talk over the game.
So quest for glory one had a traditional medieval English theme to it.
And at the end of the game, after the closing credits, a, your friend comes by on a flying
carpet and it's sort of a cliffhanger ending and he swoops the hero up on his flying carpet
and they fly away.
And when they land in quest for glory two, they are in Shapir, which is sort of a Persian,
you know, thousand and one Arabian nights styled game.
It is, um, out of King's quest and space quest.
It's more traditionally in RPG.
Um, those games are mostly about their puzzle solving and, um, the narrative, but quest
for glory actually had classes.
You could be a thief, mage, or warrior.
I did play this game.
Oh my God.
It was good.
Oh my God.
This game was awesome.
Depending on trigger until you said that I was like, I remember.
Yeah.
You could be the different classes.
And, uh, you could import your save file from part one so you could keep the same character
name and stats that you had at the end of the first one, which was a big deal at the
time.
Um, there's a puzzle towards the end of the game where you had to knock over these candles
because if the candles got lit, this evil ritual would complete.
So if you were a mage, you'd cast a magic missile or if you were a thief, you would
throw your knives.
So whatever class you were sort of affected how you solve the puzzles.
Um, it's about an evil vizier who wanted to raise a genie, the genie Iblis.
Um, and the game took place over the course of 30 days in game time.
So if you couldn't figure out how to, how to solve a puzzle for a certain day and your
character was tired, you would go to the end and type sleep and go to sleep and you'd wake
up and then you had to go out on a fresh clog.
It'd be 7 AM and you'd go out and you'd try to solve the puzzles again.
And you had to, you had to wrap up the game within 30 days of game time.
And the big deal about this game is that if you were super polite and you did all of the
optional side quests at the end, once you beat the game, you would discover that you
would unlock the Paladin career path.
And when you saved your game file and loaded it into Quest for Glory 3, you would be a
Paladin and that you could unlock that depending on, um, it didn't matter if you were a thief
or really important interruption, you'll eat veggie, right?
Yes.
Okay.
They're all getting their pizza while I talk about this game.
Um, so yeah, it, Quest for Glory came along pretty late in the EGA text based adventure
game era of Sierra.
Only the first two had EGA graphics and were completely text driven.
Well, I mean, as far as entering the commands Quest for Glory 3, which had a more African
slash Mayan, um, setting to it was had by then adapted to VGA graphics and the mouse
cursor where you click on look or touch, and then that's how you interacted with the puzzles.
So yeah, I played this game all through eighth grade and, uh, freshman year of high school
and it is super awesome.
And it's one of the few franchises that, um, people often overlook when talking about the
glory of, um, Sierra Onlines.
That's true because most people remember Leisure Zuleri and King's Quest, especially the fourth
one.
Yeah.
But usually this one gets overlooked that and Space Quest.
Yeah.
So yeah, the fact that you could, um, start with Quest for Glory one and use the same
save file, the same character sheet all through Quest for Glory five, which I owned, but I
never played because it was very, it Quest for Glory five came out and I think the mid
nineties, late nineties when adventure games were dead, no one cared, no one was doing
them anymore.
So it was very buggy and broken and I never really finished it, but this one out of the
out of the original classics, part two is definitely the best.
All right.
What was it about two that made you love it the most?
Just the music, the atmosphere, um, it basically took everything that was in one and just made
it better like a sequel should.
Derek H and Chad asked a good question, what happened to Roberta Williams?
Didn't she kind of, I don't know, she wasn't happy with the way the gaming culture was
going, right?
Like she wasn't a fan of consoles, if I'm not mistaken.
The last thing that she really consulted on, I want to say was Quest for Glory, was Quest
for Glory eight, which had this guy in it that wasn't from, from the, um, King Graham
and Daventry and all of that.
It was very ugly, clunky, 3d adventure game with like real time combat.
It was awful.
That King's Quest, Mask of Eternity.
That was the last thing that she sort of consulted on.
But um, after that, I think Sierra went bankrupt because adventure gaming was over and real
quick, I'm looking at a Wikipedia article on her.
She also made Phantasmagoria.
Remember, it was also courting into her run across seven discs.
Yeah.
Epic.
She was hired in 1998 and she's kind of stayed away from the public eye.
She really doesn't want to give interviews ever to talk about it, but she did talk about
it in 2006 and she said that the, her favorite game that she ever created was Phantasmagoria,
not King's Quest.
She said, quote, if I could pick only one game, I would pick Phantasmagoria as I've
always enjoyed working on it immensely and it was so very challenging and I love to be
challenged.
However, in my heart, I will always love the King's Quest series and especially King's
Quest ones, it was the game that really made Sierra online.
I have to say before I go out and check on the pizza again, Phantasmagoria was amazing.
The end.
It was.
It was awesome.
So many epic like FMVs and stuff.
Roberta Williams also went on to say that she said that her games are explicitly targeted
towards a more affluent and educated audience and it actually made people kind of criticize
her that she was kind of an elitist, but she did sum up her feelings in 99 with an interview
on Gamers Depot, quote, back when I got started, which sounds like ancient history, back then
the demographics of people who were into computer games was totally different in my opinion
than they are today.
Back then, computers were more expensive, which made them more exclusive to people who
were maybe at a certain income level or education level.
So the people who played computer games 15 years ago were that type of person.
They probably didn't watch television as much and the instant gratification era hadn't quite
grown the way it has lately.
I think in the last five or six years, the demographics have really changed.
Now this is my opinion because computers are less expensive so more people can afford them.
More average people now feel they should own one.
Yeah, well back in 1987, 88, 89, if you had a computer with EGA graphics, a 20 meg hard
drive with 512K RAM, that was like four or five grand.
Like you were loaded if you had a IBM desktop with color back then.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
That would be really well off.
I want to say our first Packard Bell was like a 386SX16 or something and it was like a $2,000
computer.
Yeah.
It was very expensive.
By the way, also Roberta Williams said in a 2006 interview that designing computer games
is in the past for her now, but she does want to write a historical novel someday.
So there you go.
That's awesome.
She's actually on the cover of Soft Porn Adventure by Online Systems.
She's actually on the cover.
That is crazy.
How funny.
I almost chose Leisure Suit Larry 3 for my pick because aside from the whole EGA boobies,
it's an incredibly difficult and fun adventure game.
Very cool.
Also her last game she's credited with is King's Quest Mask of Eternity in 98, which
I'm assuming is King's Quest VIII, which was the last official King's Quest game.
It was awful.
Yeah.
I wonder in what capacity she worked on that game because that was three years after Phantasmagoria
in 95 and she didn't do anything in Phantasmagoria 2.
There you go.
All right.
That was kind of a nice little derivative there to talk about that.
I think we'll go ahead and kind of take a quick break.
You'll give us a chance to eat here and get the other pizza done.
We're going to just play a little bit of music, save this part of the show we have done so
far.
We're going to take a quick break, guys.
When we come back, we'll do more of your questions.
We'll do more calls too and a couple more stories for you guys as well when we come
back with the Orange Lounge Radio Marathon live here at All Games Radio.
We'll be right back.
