Twitch is currently testing a feature that could allow any streamer, or at least more
of them, to centrally collect donations that are sent directly to a charity of that streamer's
choosing instead of pooling donations into a streamer's personal control and taking
their word that they're doing the right thing.
With mass appeal and application also comes more opportunities for mass or targeted scamming.
This episode is not raising funds for charity.
Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki, to tell you more
about this story and the rest of the week's gaming news, starting right now on the show
where every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, and we are live once again with episode number 923 of our
show for tonight, July the 24th of 2022.
After being unexpectedly off last week, I had COVID.
It's just that simple.
I tested positive Sunday morning, and it was the faintest of faint line.
In fact, it was that whole thing where I sent it to a friend, and my friend was like, oh,
I've done this with pregnancy tests.
You play with the contrast and the lighting, and you can see when you do that that there's
a line there.
And I was like, great.
The exhaustion really started to take its toll, and yep, so whomp, whomp.
It finally got me after two and a half years, but I'm feeling marginally better as of yesterday,
so I am back.
So I'm happy to be back, and I'm back with my co-host.
Say hello to Dark Sakura or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
Hi, how are you?
I may have a sinus infection.
Well, that sucks.
Those aren't contagious.
No, they're not contagious.
That's the good thing.
We have a lot of activity at my house.
Well, you know we're converting our garage.
Yeah, because you got the car that was in there.
You had a classic car in there, and you got that out because you're going to allow that
to be the second half of your pinball expansion now, right?
Well, no.
It is where all the pinballs have been moved to, all but three, so everything's outside.
Dan got black and gray carpet tiles that honestly aren't that great, but they look good, and
made the Space Invader on our floor.
Oh, that's clever.
Okay.
And the walls are black with blue LED strips going around the room, and he's mounted a
TV, and we've got all the rest of the pins out there, of course, except for Black Knight,
World Cup, and Theater of Magic, and we have a living room again.
And we have couch and chairs that we got at La-Z-Boy.
Yeah.
If you all had seen JV's house before, there was pinball machines out back, there was pinball
machines in a secondary bedroom, there was pinball machines in the living room.
Air pin, air pin, everywhere a pinball.
But it was like any gamer nerd, even if you're only just a casual pinball enjoyer, you'd
be like, wow, this is rad.
And I've invented a new term, dust kittens.
Oh, is that what was growing behind your pinball tables?
It's what happens when you have a cat and dust.
Oh, yeah.
You don't have dust bunnies, you have dust kittens.
Oh, yeah.
No, that was living in my old computer for sure.
I swept up another cat.
Oh, my gosh.
So that's what's been going on in my house, and now we can actually sit on a couch and
watch a TV and play a game or thing.
Nice.
Nice.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, also-
I feel like an adult again.
Hey.
Hello.
Hi.
I hope you enjoyed the spontaneous week off.
Sure.
Were you able to get in more Minecraft?
Because I saw you pushed a Minecraft video this week.
So I was like, oh, maybe Loki had time to edit another video.
Well, no, I did that this week.
Yeah, but yeah, not last weekend.
Last weekend was probably just messing around with something.
I don't remember.
Gotcha.
I see tonight, I was going to add, because we do tape live at twitch.tv slash a vog network
every Sunday night at nine o'clock Eastern, six o'clock Pacific, right after the Bobby
Black Wolf show, which by the way, happy birthday, Bobby Black Wolf, a young 17 years old.
The show, not the host.
The show is 17 years old as of tonight.
As I tell Bobby every year, happy birthday.
Always a pleasure-
He was try 29.
Yes.
We're going to be on stage with you on Sunday nights, but respect your elders.
All right, but so of course, as we do tape live on Twitch, I'm sorry the podcast feed
can't see our lovely faces, but you can see if you subscribe over a vog network with like
your free Amazon prime subscription or whatever, you can access the video archives and watch
whatever episodes you want.
But the Loki always has a video of a game playing behind him.
And tonight I recognize this one as a game everyone's talking about this week.
This is stray, is it not?
Or is it some predecessor game?
I occasionally like to showcase games that I've purchased and yet will have no time to
play.
So this is my latest purchase that I will not have time to play.
Eventually we'll get there.
Okay.
That sounds good.
But yeah, it's a very popular and streaming right now.
A lot of my favorite Dead by Daylight streamers have taken a...
It's interesting because now they're getting sidetracked with all these other games.
Some of them are playing a Video Horror Society, which was called VHS for short.
I don't know why they...
Actually because VHS has already been taken by another game.
Oh, I didn't know that.
Okay.
They put that up on their Twitter.
Oh, I didn't know that.
All right.
So now they have Video Horror Society, which obviously everybody's still calling it VHS
for short.
Yeah.
I see that one a lot.
There was another scary game that came out recently that everybody was doing for a hot
minute and now Stray.
Now they're all doing Stray.
So everyone was doing Elden Ring for a minute and then everyone was doing The Quarry.
The Quarry.
Yeah.
Of course.
That's the horror game I was trying to think of.
Everybody did The Quarry for a week.
It was great.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So now it's Stray, but Stray looks really fun.
I don't know how I feel about the stealth mechanics, but the physics and the way that
they've done the cat and everything is really, it's really adorable.
I want to pick it up.
I'm just not sure if I should get it on PlayStation or if I should get it on PC because you've
seen these mods.
It runs better on PlayStation.
Oh, okay.
Okay.
But you've seen the mods on PC, right?
People were posting about that to our Discord over at vognetwork.com slash Discord.
People will post inspirational topics for the night.
And somebody was asking, when are we going to get a Mr. Smoosh mod?
Well, number one, I don't do 3D graphics, that fancy stuff.
Nobody has to do it for me, but I wouldn't complain if someone did.
But don't forget Cheddar.
Can we have an AB switch or something?
And while you're at it, you might as well do Minda and our classic OLR cats of the past
too.
So, you know, Sanrio.
You just need to put Shermie in a wheelbarrow.
Yeah.
So might as well get them all.
Shermie was not agile in her later years.
How long until we get someone modding a dog in instead?
That's blasphemy.
I'm literally hearing Cheddar in here, like as I'm talking about him, but I'm looking
behind me and I don't see him.
I'm like, what in the world?
Like, did Loki turn the volume up on that video somehow?
What is that?
No.
It's cats in the wall.
Yeah, I guess so.
My gosh.
He's found his way into the wall.
Well, it's not uncommon for him to yell, yell loudly in Alan's office, which is on the other
side of the wall.
But anyway, let's talk a little bit about our kickoff topic tonight, which really, in
kind of looking through the news, I didn't see any stories that were gigantic stories.
So I thought we could start tonight by kind of recapping some of the news from last week,
because there was quite a bit of news last week.
By the way, hello to our live Twitch chat over twitch.tv slash vog network.
Mike Defton chat talking about me being out with COVID saying, yeah, it eventually caught
up to all of us.
Not everyone's had it yet, but it's making the rounds.
But good thing that vaccines are a thing.
Yeah, obviously I had the double vaccine, the single boost.
I didn't qualify for the double boost.
I probably should have just got it anyway, but I'm trying to be a good boy and look how
that treated me.
Yeah.
My wife keeps bugging me about that.
But my booster was all the way back in November, right?
But anyway, honestly, I thought it was going to be a lot worse than it was, but it hits
and I'm not trying to belittle it.
I'm just saying probably because of vaccines and the fact that because I've made it no
secret on this show, I have diabetes.
So because of that, I qualified for Paxlevid, even though I'm in my forties and not over
65.
We all know President Biden got COVID as well, and he went on Paxlevid because of his age.
So I qualified for Paxlevid because of diabetes.
And I think that was probably part of what was holding off my symptoms because the treatment
cycle finished.
So you're on Paxlevid for five days.
That finished yesterday morning was my last dose.
Now tonight, I'm starting to feel a little bit of congestion again.
Like I'm going to try to push through best I can, but if I call it, you'll all know why.
But I feel like this could have been a lot worse.
Well, when I had swine flu years ago, and that was far worse, but I didn't have a vaccine
for swine flu.
So anyway, Dijarama says, did you drink any Pedialyte as well?
Gatorade zero and vitamin water, like similar stuff.
So I have to make sure it's not too sugary because I can't drink regular Gatorade, but
I can drink Gatorade zero.
So I will do that.
So let's see.
Also some folks talking about Stray but with a dog.
Tiger class says, well, if they could, if they want to make a sequel with a dog, dog
gameplay would be more frantic though.
I guess they've already put CJ from Grand Theft Auto, San Andreas in it, so we've anything's
possible now.
Gosh, I saw you just linked that in our chat room.
That's funny.
Yeah.
Mike Deaf says, I'm glad it was pretty much like a cold when I went through it.
Yeah.
For me, it was fatigue.
Like I did not.
It was interesting because people were giving me advice on, oh yeah, you get a sore throat
and this, you know, make sure you have lozenges.
I never had really a sore throat.
I had a throat tickle, but not a sore throat.
fatigue was the huge thing.
Like I felt like I permanently had taken a Tylenol PM.
And just even the point where like holding up my phone to text people, like my arms would
get sore and I'd be like, I just want to put them down on the bed and go back to sleep.
So that's what it was for me.
It's horrible.
That mod not only changes the model to make the cat look like CJ, but it makes all the
cats like human, like someone stretched a cat skin onto a person.
It's just so wrong.
That's a little creepy.
All right.
I thought for our kickoff topic tonight, we could recap some of the news from last week
and some of the big headlines that we missed because we were unexpectedly off.
We'd originally planned to do a show, but it didn't happen.
So some of the big headlines from last week, Bayonetta 3 finally got a launch date and
it is this year, which is pretty exciting.
It's going to be launching on October 28th, which is a little sooner, I think maybe than
some folks had anticipated.
Y'all excited about Bayonetta 3 coming out in October, just in time for Halloween?
If it's even more over the top, yes.
Let's hope.
Let's hope.
I wonder if this isn't going to be the last one.
I think the Bayonetta games are great.
I hope it's not the last one, but a lot of things run in trilogies, right?
It very well could be the last one.
So we'll see.
We'll see.
It took them a while to make this one too.
They're going to be putting out a physical Switch edition of Bayonetta 1, sort of to
couple with that.
There was a digital version of Bayonetta 1 already available if you bought Bayonetta
2, but you would have Bayonetta 2 on the cart and the Bayonetta 1 digital.
So a physical Switch edition for the collectors is coming later this year, but it's currently
undated.
A new multiplayer Kirby game was announced.
Kirby's Dream Buffet is coming out.
So that's kind of neat.
You mean like every dream I ever have?
Yeah, it's a Kirby Dream Buffet.
If I were Kirby Dark Sakura and I inhaled your dream, what power would I get?
You don't want to know.
You do not want to know, especially with the weird-ass nightmares I've been having lately.
So anyway, it's food-based obstacle courses.
You collect strawberries as Kirby grows, and then you fight on a floating platform.
It seems a little fall guys to me maybe, like just a little, but it seems like maybe a little
bit fall guys to me.
But yeah, I'm sure especially Mike Deft is going to be excited to hear that there's another
Kirby game.
So there you go.
Mike Deft in chat says, fuck the haters who say it's too soon for another Kirby game.
You know what?
How about Mario?
Like there's always going to be side adventures and things like that.
Kirby's just one of the Nintendo mascots now.
So there is that.
An article was also going around that Nintendo Japan does recognize the same-sex marriages
of their employees despite Japanese law.
So just a lot of people tipping their hat and saying kudos to Nintendo Japan for recognizing
that.
Again, this is all the news from last week that we weren't able to get to while we were
out.
One that had people talking quite a bit, especially in our discord, there was a lot of chat about
this, and that was the fact that Nintendo acquired a CG animation studio, Dynamo Pictures,
and they're going to be rebranding themselves as Nintendo Pictures.
This deal will be finalized on October 3rd, and then Dynamo Pictures in Nintendo's statement
will be, quote, focused on development of visual content utilizing Nintendo IP.
Now this has a lot of people kind of going, oh, well, is this because they're making a
Mario movie with, I think it's what Imagination, the people that do the Minion movies, or making
the Mario movie, and Nintendo wants to branch out and do their own movies and more.
I don't think it's really that, because if you look at Dynamo Pictures' resume, they've
already worked on some things, such as Pikmin short movies, Metroid Other M post production,
Monster Hunter World motion capture, and they actually did work on Death Stranding, which
isn't Nintendo, and so on and so on.
They're not really in the business of making feature length films, and there is quite a
difference.
However, I think this probably lends itself to that there is probably some games that
Nintendo is working on for the Switch that we don't know about yet, where they want to
do some epic cut scenes, and perhaps that is a Mario game, perhaps, but this could be
something else as well.
Or a Zelda game.
It very well could be a Zelda game, but they're already doing it for a Metroid game, maybe
another Metroid.
We know Metroid Prime 4 is a thing, right?
Maybe they are being contracted to work on some more cut scenes for that.
So I kind of think it's for more in-house development for the games, and I wouldn't
forecast that suddenly Nintendo wants to get into movies.
I'm pretty sure their agreement, whatever they have with Illumination, probably would
get in the way of that anyway, but I mean, never say never.
They could always expand and hire more people and do new things, but I think whatever they
do is probably going to be limited to Nintendo's platform.
You know what they could do?
If you want to hear my tinfoil hat theory, and who doesn't love to hear a Rob Roberts
tinfoil hat theory?
You already?
What they could do is maybe try to create some short movie content, and I mean shorts,
and I mean think about on the 3DS system when you could download countless episodes of Dinosaur
Office on the 3DS shop.
But what if there were maybe short movies, I'm not talking about Dinosaur Office, but
maybe something with like Pikmin, I don't know, or one of the other cute Nintendo franchises
where they could give away episodes on Nintendo Switch online with expansion pack, and maybe
creating kid-friendly programming like Nintendo flicks, basically.
Not something, and I don't want you guys to think big picture with that, I'm not saying
Nintendo's going to launch a Netflix competitor, but I'm saying what if kind of in their own
little bubble, just their own little short amount of trickled content?
That I think would be the tinfoil idea for me, is not a feature length movie, but maybe
creating a variety of shorts for distribution on Nintendo's platform.
And Tiger Claw on chat says they've done that before, remember the animated short for
Star Fox Zero?
Yes, so I could see something like that being a thing.
So don't think Nintendo Movie, because they've got the partnership with Illumination for
that.
And if it's, you know, if many people are reading into the fact that the Mario movie
is simply seeding a Donkey Kong movie and a Nintendo multiverse at some point, based
on what's happening at the theme parks, you can bet that Illumination is probably doing
the Donkey Kong movie as well.
So this is going to be for something different.
It's probably for the games, but it could be like, not even the Switch, I would say
the Switch's successor, and building up some type of library of content for that.
Or what about their theme park or something like that?
They could be doing animation for a ride or something.
Again, I feel like since Universal licensed it from Nintendo, Universal would ultimately
be responsible for that and they would probably leverage Illumination to do it.
I don't know.
We'll just see what they do and then be disappointed by it.
Sounds good.
All right.
Let's just think about what was the key thing in animation 10 years ago?
And then that's probably what they're doing.
VR.
Oh, they're getting the VR.
There we go.
Yeah.
There we go.
VR.
3D movies.
Or 3D TVs.
Yes, 3D movies.
3D movies and 3D TVs.
That's what it is.
Although, to be fair, Loki, Nintendo actually was on the edge of that because of the 3DS.
Yes, yes, yes.
Until they stopped.
Until those movie carts never came out.
Remember when we saw Tron Legacy on a Nintendo 3DS and then it never actually came out?
Yeah, they didn't have very many movies.
The only one I remember was the Tekken animated movie was in 3D.
Yeah.
I remember when they were showing off major motion pictures on those cartridges and for
whatever reason it-
It was up there with, what was it, the UH, not UHD, it was, oh gosh, I don't remember-
HD DVD?
Is that what you're thinking of?
No, no, no, no, no.
Oh, no, no.
No, you're thinking too big.
God, I don't remember what Sony used to call their stupid PSP discs.
The UMDs, says Pod Culture in chat.
UMDs, thank you.
Yes.
UMDs.
Yeah.
It was on the cusp of the UMDs, you know, they were going to tackle that market like
they did with Game Boy video or Game Boy Advance video.
Hey, Game Boy Advance-
Actually, those are really popular.
I was going to say, you joke, but you could get a Pokemon episode or two or a Nickelodeon
cartoon crammed into a Game Boy cart and you could shut your kid up for a ride to the grocery
store, so it's something.
All right.
That's so funny.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, I still have the Green Lantern trailer in 3D on my 3DS.
I wonder, what are y'all holding on to on your DS that you're never going to delete?
I'm so curious.
Anyway-
Actually, I think I gave my old DS to Julian.
If my battery hadn't died, I'd probably still have the Meteos E3 demo on my DS.
All right, anyway, moving on to some other headlines we missed last week.
PlayStation is going to be launching a loyalty program.
It's called PlayStation Stars, and you will get rewards by doing different things within
PlayStation.
It really sounds like a version of Microsoft Points, which Microsoft's been leveraging
for some time, but PlayStation will be doing this with their own system, and maybe if you
are the first person to unlock a platinum trophy, you might get some extra stars for
that.
You get some loyalty points, which we'll redeem in a catalog, and again, you might be able
to actually just fund your PlayStation Plus account with that, so it might be a good way
to kind of help pay for itself.
There were some early rumors that this was going to be NFTs, and in an interview with
the Washington Post, Sony Interactive Entertainment advertising VP Grace Chen went on record and
said, it's definitely not NFTs.
Definitely not.
You can't trade them or sell them.
It's not leveraging any blockchain technologies.
Not NFTs.
Very, very, very clear, very explicit statement from Sony on that, but I don't know who thought
that was NFTs.
It just, again, it just sounds like Microsoft's program, but remodeled for Sony.
Anyway, this was what I was really hoping to talk to Dark Soccer about last week until
COVID got me.
There is a Genesis Mini 2 that has been confirmed for release in the US on October 27th, and
they've got some bangers in here.
They've got Mega CD this time, including Final Fight CD, Lunar, Eternal Blue, and Lunar the
Silver Star.
They've got Alien Soldier, Spatter, Tatsujin, Super Street Fighter II, the new challengers.
This is a very neat little console, and I was thinking about it.
And of course, I was like, well, Dark Soccer is probably going to be like, I already have
all of these.
But then-
I do have most of them.
I'll be honest.
But still, the charm is going to be hard to resist.
No, no, no, no, I, Dan and I did get the other one.
So this one could also happen.
We'll see.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Many folks in chat speaking up on that one, Dark2CSA and Sega CD stuff, Digirama S says
Lunar alone is worth the price, and SHO 100 Matt says, oh, yes, the Genesis Mini 2 is
going to be day one for many of us here.
Yes, yes.
Oh, by the way, speaking of 3DS titles, you're never going to delete a great answer from
our voiceover man, the VX Jason XV, who says, I'm holding on to Theatrhythm because it's
fun.
Curtain call, naturally.
So much better than the original.
Yes, yes.
Well, hold that thought because we have another kind of related-ish story a little later in
the show.
Just hold that thought.
Anyway, some other news from last week.
Let's see.
Oh, this is not good.
Data leaked out of Bandai Namco because there was a ransomware attack with that.
Whoops.
Konami, though, apparently going to be relisting Metal Gear titles that had previously delisted.
Did you all remember that Metal Gear titles got delisted?
Yeah.
I think most people forgot, but I do remember when it happened.
And then in the Arcade Archive series, Dragon Saber came out from Namco.
So that came out as well.
And then a game that Loki has talked about on this show previously, Fashion Police Squad
gets its official release August 15th on the PC, but later on consoles.
Hey, it looked kind of fun.
I was very curious about that one.
So I wanted to try that.
There's a demo if you want to check it out.
Oh, that's great.
Bobby in chat says, that was the Metal Gear delisting due to the archive historical footage.
Yes, that was.
It really was like a year ago at this point.
It really feels like.
So it's interesting that now you're coming back.
All right.
Loki, did you see anything you wanted to touch on that I missed for Dark Soccer?
I don't remember if it was last week or whatever, but Ubisoft delisting a bunch of their titles
that they're still selling for like they were like this was during the steam sale.
They were like selling a bunch of their Assassin's Creed Far Cry three.
That was all that stuff was.
Yeah, that was being delisted off of there.
So basically that you wouldn't be able to if you bought the game, you can't download
it again and you can't access the DLC, which is weird, really irritating.
And a lot of these games are single player games.
And the fact that you can't get the DLC for it and stuff, it's just really annoying.
So yeah, yeah, yeah, I definitely saw the social media updates on all that last week.
I don't understand why they couldn't just like, you know, just put it out for free.
Like you're you're delisting them anyways, just say, OK, for this like few weeks, we're
going to make it free like those games.
They're super old anyways, like just offer that all for free so everybody can download
it and then you'd get a bunch of goodwill.
And then people would, you know, they remember like, oh, hey, thank you for all those free
games, Ubisoft.
Have you addressed these, you know, sexual misconduct of your employees at your company?
And they'd say, no, of course not.
Why would we have done that?
Have you held the East Kuma accountable yet for anything?
Exactly. So, you know, we will when the other company is.
Yeah.
Dartusia says, I know they've given away AC games before.
So, yeah, I guess speaking of giving away games, I don't think it's on our showreel
tonight, but did you see like Anthem, a GameStop you can get for a penny now?
But yeah, you can get Anthem, a GameStop for a penny now.
I mean, they've given away this game so many different ways, like it's on game.
But it was free to play.
It's not free to play.
I think you could get a retail version of it, though, for a penny if you want.
So it's yeah, the glory days of Anthem never happened.
Anyway, pretty much.
And how many of us were like, how many of us told them so?
Yeah, I know. I was thinking I'm sorry.
Well, for some reason, I was thinking Anthem, I was thinking the
there's the other game, not Anthem.
Gosh, I can see the game, but I can't think of the game.
And it's not Destiny.
No, the one, the one by the the one by the Titanfall devs, I can't remember.
It's Apex Legends.
I was thinking Apex one when you said Anthem, you know, both start with an A.
So yeah, Apex really essentially the same.
No, no. Oh yeah.
And Anthem, yeah, Anthem for a penny.
And no, my dev says if it comes with a box,
that's a good way to get replacement cases for other better games.
That is true. A good tip.
What's it? What's what's the trade in value on that?
Like, comment, subscribe for more tips. All right.
What can I trade that in for it at GameStop?
I bet it's probably only a penny if it's if it's the one
that's just the game in the little paper envelope.
I bet if they actually have a box, it's probably ninety nine cents.
All right. Let's talk about what games we have been playing this week
that probably aren't Anthem.
Let's talk about some other games we've been playing this week
in a segment we call Appropriately.
How was your gaming week?
Dark Soccer, we'll start with you.
How was your gaming week?
I have played Final Fantasy six.
And well, I'm still playing Survivor.
I don't think I've seen you play killer in a week.
I was really in and out of it this week, so I played killer
a week and a half ago, and it ended up being like an LOL game
because I was just trying to get a doctor achievement done.
And I made friends again.
That's cool. But I don't know what it is, but like
I can have full and as a survivor thing, I don't know what it is.
Maybe it's the fact that I've played all killer for so long. But.
Even if I can't make friends with the killer,
you know, like in game,
I can at least have a moment of communication with them
and see if they will try to be friends.
You know what I mean? So.
It's just it's silly.
It's all silliness.
But I've been enjoying myself and Finara has been
not only my my meat shield,
but also now my accountant.
Because she's keeping track of my my
what's it called the the tome stuff achievements.
And and. And I've really appreciated that,
although I'm stadia hunters is kind of weird for
because that's where stadia achievements go.
And I need to just find like a straight up list that I can put
on the spreadsheet myself so that it's easier for me to track.
But I did make a couple of accomplishments.
I have adapted every survivor that is adaptable,
including freaking Ash. Wow.
Oh, the David one was given to me.
The Laurie one was given to me.
I'm like, bless you.
Just like the nurse one was back in the day. Lucky.
And so, you know, there's like the special generators, right?
Like the one in the
asylum and the one in the church and freaking ring light.
But I've gotten now all of the special generators done.
Nice. That's great.
Yeah, you can you can.
It's probably the exact same list of steam's achievements.
So if you need a table steam has that, this doesn't. Oh, interesting.
Yeah. Is it related to the Stranger Things content?
Because some of them change. Not at all. Oh, weird. OK.
I mean, it would be possible because I mean, for anyone
who got the Stranger Things achievements, they're off your list on steam.
Interesting. And they're completely gone from from stadia hunters,
which is basically where stadia outputs all of their achievement stuff to.
But I have one hundred and fifty one out of a hold on.
I've got the number right here.
I have one hundred and fifty one out of one hundred and ninety six.
Wow. And as of now, I've played for seven hundred
and seventeen hours and fifteen. Wow.
Yeah, press still significantly longer than other people, but I've
well, I'm maybe three and a shorter than a lot of my friends.
Yeah, that way.
But on the plus side,
it is. Yeah, and like Mike says, I now can play both.
But I think that I'm actually a pretty decent Nia player now.
And the one thing that restricts me is that my mouse,
I have to use a thumb track ball, so I can't look behind me.
And I don't like to use a controller because it hurts my wrist after a while.
But I have found that every so often, all I have to do is just do that number,
spin the ball, and I'll do a perfect 360 on somebody.
That's funny.
Did you and I was to say, Deidre, I mess and chat says,
sounds like Jamie logged more hours in DVD than your average persona five player.
Yes, I know people over 3000 hours.
Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah.
Easily, easily.
I've been playing for like a year, a little over a year.
I know people who play since the game freaking came out and played it religiously.
Yeah. Anything else for a game a week?
Um, I played my word game.
And, oh, I played like this woodblock puzzle game that I used to play a while back.
It's the sort of like where you have the shapes of blocks
and you have to fill them in to fill the whole thing up.
Kind of like what Tetris was based off of.
I played a little bit of that just because, like, I needed to wake up my brain
and that's what did it that day.
Brain training.
Yeah, except like more spatial awareness.
So, yeah, gotcha.
My gaming week because of Covid, honestly, didn't do a lot.
I was really, really exhausted.
And like I was yeah, I was even too tired to game.
Like I watched some people play like DVD on Twitch and stuff,
but that was about the extent of it.
Now, when we got closer to the weekend and I was getting my energy back,
I did play a little bit of No Man's Sky.
I did a stream of that the other night because they did a new patch,
which I think is story slotted later in the show.
So we'll give you the details then.
But they did a Twitch drops campaign to go with it.
So I was streaming Friday night, just a new game,
just messing around with a new game for some drops.
I actually got a good amount of new viewers thanks to that,
because people streaming No Man's Sky will raid other people playing No Man's Sky.
So the drop trains kind of continue for the people that are lurking in the chat.
So because I did that, too, I raided somebody I didn't know.
I was streaming until like two in the morning on Friday.
I never go that late, but I was like, I have a second rush energy here.
So I raided somebody in Australia because I was like,
well, nobody that I know is still streaming at this point, that's for sure.
But yeah, I was having fun playing No Man's Sky.
And then I've been playing a little bit of DBD because of all the changes
that would affect.
I've been exploring that a little bit because, you know,
it kind of mix things up.
I never I never liked using Dead Hard anyway.
I realized it was overpowered. I probably should have been.
I just never liked it as a perk.
I was when I adopted David, I was going to have it on.
But yeah, I was always a fan of Overcome, Jonah's perk.
And that's what a lot of people,
people have either switched to that or sprint burst.
But I've noticed as killer, you can really shut sprint burst down
by running fear monger,
which causes people to be exhausted when they touch a generator.
So I have seen a big surge in fear monger. Yeah.
So and I didn't use my pig build at all.
And it's still pretty solid.
I've also seen a lot more of Gearhead.
I've seen more make your choice.
I've seen, oh,
what's the hex people are using?
Devour Hope a lot, actually.
Interesting. I haven't seen that one a lot.
But there's there's a few interesting videos I watched.
Yeah. Yeah. So, yeah.
And I've been just watching, you know, some buddy streamers stream
that game a little bit and just otherwise kind of haven't been doing a lot.
I did get out yesterday and today and I played a little bit of Pokemon Go
and I played a little bit of Ingress and the usual stuff that I play out in the,
you know, out in real life.
I wish I'd thought to ask Shane to call in tonight
because he was at Pokemon Go Fest in Seattle.
He's on the road home now, I'm pretty sure.
But he he, you know, he was not feeling very good on Pokemon Go.
I don't remember if he trashed it on this show or if it was a stream of mine
where because, you know, we buddy up a lot when I stream.
But he was not feeling it.
He uninstalled the game at some point and suddenly he got back into it
and went to Pokemon Go Fest and he had a lot of great things to say about it.
And he said he got 58 shinies across the weekend because
because of course he did.
Of course, he did. It's Shane.
Shane is the shiny one. Yes, yes.
His name in the game is literally shiny hunter, you know, his name.
So it's funny. So. All right.
I'll see. Maybe I can get him to call in later in the show or something.
But in the meantime, let's get into some of the news from this week
that's been going on.
So, Loki, we start tonight with a game that you really love, right?
Yeah. And also, I played Minecraft this week.
So did I skip your week? I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to do that.
It's OK. Just Minecraft this week.
We did finally hit 500 subscribers, so that's great.
You just finally a week later unlocked my community features now
so I can post non-video updates, polls and all that fun stuff
so I can interact with the community.
So I'll just keep on going.
That's really great. Congratulations. Thank you.
But yeah, now we let's get into the news, so.
All right. How did I blame?
Blame COVID. We'll just blame COVID.
That's what I've done all week.
Yeah. Let's talk about everyone's favorite topic, and that is NFTs.
So Mojang came out, I guess, and addressed
some of the issues with NFTs, mainly because there's been folks
and we've talked about this in like previous weeks where they were using
Minecraft as like a source of like NFTs to basically
they're selling skins or they were selling
seeds to worlds, which is stupid.
I don't know why you would pay for that, but
all of that was done by other people.
So they basically put out a long statement saying that, listen,
our policy on NFTs is that we don't like it and we are
not allowing you to make
blockchain technologies are not permitted to be integrated inside our Microsoft
or a Minecraft client and server applications, nor may they be utilized
to create NFTs associated with any in-game content,
including world skins, persona items and other mods.
So basically saying, stop it, knock it off.
So that's good, at least that they're, you know, behind that.
I didn't realize people were doing that, creating like a house
or an art piece in Minecraft and NFTs.
You know, it's the bare minimum nonsense that they do.
Like they'll take a skin and they'll like randomize colors on it
and stuff like that and sell it as an NFT.
Like we saw that before they were doing that.
And it was annoying and stupid.
And this this goes back to the point I was saying when we yelled
about NFTs earlier and my message to the crypto bros
who are very invested in NFTs and want these to are really pushing
these as a new thing, people we know and have worked with in the past,
really trying to push this NFT thing.
And I'm like, you know what?
Like people are not going to buy into NFTs
until the rampant thievery and underground BS is stopped.
Like it's always going to be associated with this
until something actually legitimate comes around.
And like this doesn't help the fact that there are all these NFTs
of the bear that are just Minecraft asset ripoffs.
Like this is this is a rampant problem in both of the mobile phone stores.
Anyway, is that, you know,
Minecraft clones galore that look just like, you know, Minecraft and so forth.
And this this is just another thing where it's like you barely
did the bare minimum and it just it just reeks of thievery.
So I'm sure now it didn't people threaten to go make their own game.
Like, oh, then we've minecraffle this, too.
We'll just steal all their assets and make our own game.
I mean, I don't know if they've threatened thievery, but like, yeah,
I mean, they've tried to do that with different things.
Congratulations on threatening to do the thing that every other game
company has been thinking about since Minecraft got popular.
Yeah. So think about it.
Think about it. You're threatening to do the thing.
Every other game company wants to do, and that's find
Minecraft's lightning in a bottle and apply it.
And I would say probably the only thing I can think of that's close
is either something like Stardew Valley, which is really,
you know, or Terraria, which are both very distanced from Minecraft.
They're just, you know, or I would say the Dragon Quest
builders is probably the closest thing that you can really feel the Minecraft
in it that like actually kind of works. So.
VXJ6V in chat says, NFTs are 2020 fan character palette swaps. Yep.
Yeah, that's pretty accurate.
Mike Deft in chat says, By the way, did you see that GameStop NFT
was selling art that was pretty much taken from a 9-11 photo?
Yeah, I saw that.
But that's because I'm not defending it, but it's a symptom of
isn't the GameStop NFT marketplace just a free for all eBay type of thing?
Like it's not exactly restrictive, right?
Like nobody is quality checking the shit they're putting up there, right?
So of course that happened.
Of course, yeah, it's it's yeah, it's a mess.
But I did want to mention, though, on the flip side of that.
Another company that is very much into NFTs is Square Enix.
And so, of course, Square Enix had
put out they're going to be doing like some Final Fantasy seven NFTs.
And despite the fact that, you know,
I don't know if people are necessarily happy about that, I would say probably not.
There's, I guess, some action figures that they're selling now.
It says they're doing active action figures and collector cards
are going to have NFTs bundled with them.
So if you buy them, you're going to get like digital versions of those
that will come alongside them.
So they're they're trying to legitimize it
by pairing it with something that people it's it's like the the movie.
What was the movie everybody?
And you got an NFT when you went and saw the movie.
It was Spider-Man or something, right?
Like people, they're trying to sneak NFTs in so that people
kind of start building a collection and then they want to make a thing.
But it's like, hmm.
Well, here's the thing, too, like the figure,
you can buy the figure for one hundred and thirty dollars
or they have a version that includes the digital copy alongside it for one
hundred and fifty dollars.
And then that's not even coming out until apparently November 2023.
How about so? So, you know.
I don't even know, like, do we know what we're going to be doing in 2023?
I mean, like I could just completely break down by then
or like nobody might be interested in that stuff.
At the end of the day, if people want to buy these, then I guess fine.
It doesn't really hurt Final Fantasy.
But can we just I'm really only OK with it
as long as we can all admit that it's a waste of time.
I want us all to admit that this is a waste of time and resources
and then I'll be OK with it.
Yeah, pretty much.
Anyway, less of a waste of time are some of the updates that are coming to Twitch.
Actually, some of this stuff sounds pretty cool that they have coming.
So part of this kind of ties into some things that came up
on the week we were out because of TwitchCon in Amsterdam happened.
So there was that.
So what happened is that Twitch was looking at testing some charity.
I'm sorry, I think this came out after.
I'm not sure what was TwitchCon and what wasn't, but Twitch is going to be
integrating some charity fundraising into their platform.
Right now, this is only in a US beta, so it's available for certain streamers.
But this will allow you to select a charity, set a fundraising goal
and then collect donations within the creator dashboard.
So that's kind of neat.
So, yeah.
And actually, it was funny because Jason and I were talking about this
before the show a little bit tonight because he was talking about this in the intro.
And I was like, maybe this is a thing we can do on our next
like anniversary show or big milestone show is since we've run out of ideas
on how to make those shows special, we'll fundraise.
It'll be nice. Yeah. Yeah, sure. Why not?
So hopefully if it makes it really easy to do, I think that's going to be great.
Now, I know this was announced at TwitchCon because of the reception
that it got is that partners and affiliates are getting the payment threshold lowered.
So now you no longer have to make one hundred dollars in a month
in order to get a check.
You only have to make fifty.
So half as much will actually get you a check.
And of course, if you don't raise the money in one month,
then it rolls over to the next month.
But that's that's cool, you know, because there's actually
there was a month like here at VOG.
I think we had ninety six dollars.
And so it was like no check for you, although the check the next month
was pretty big. But yeah, for for VOG, we had a month where it was ninety six dollars.
So now, thanks to y'all's generosity, we'll probably get a little
fundage in the VOG bank account, which is which will be nice.
It'll allow us to do more conventions and things like that in the future,
which, by the way, I hope you all had fun at Southern Fried Game Expo,
which Bobby went to and we didn't get to talk about that last week
because, you know, covid, but that all happened.
And I'm hoping there'll be more conventions.
Dragon Con is six weeks away.
I can't talk about everything I'm doing at Dragon Con yet
because we're not allowed to promote that stuff until August
when the schedule is final final.
But I've seen my preliminary
schedule and it looks really good.
That's all I can say. It looks.
And I will say this.
It does look like I'm going to have a ballroom panel this year.
Fingers and toes crossed so that that those are the big ones.
So fingers and toes crossed.
So but Loki, I'm going to need your help.
And that's all I'm going to say for now. All right.
Bobby wants to point out that there is a YouTube video up
on the VOG YouTube channel.
So, yeah, of the speed running panel that he did there with
an eternal enigma was doing Silent Hill, the room for.
And and then Bobby at the end does his own little he he did this on his show,
but he does the Zelda link to the past four minute speed run trick
because he's trying to prove a point that like if you want to start speed running,
here you go. Here's a trick that you can try at home because it even works on
the Nintendo Switch online and all that. So there's a cute panel.
So check that out. All right.
Let's see. Where was I? Yes.
Twitch updates. One other thing I want to talk about as well.
Apparently, there is some new safety features that are coming as well,
including more customization on who can actually rage you
and being able to share a banned list of banned accounts with other streamers.
So that's nice. Yeah.
So this, of course, all in response to the hate raids,
which were last year, which I admit from my perspective,
I haven't seen nearly as many of those.
I'll see us idiot spam bot once in a while or maybe a village idiot here or
there. But I don't see I'm not just saying because I don't see it personally.
It doesn't happen, but I'm just saying it.
It does seem like I'm not seeing the buzz about it on Twitter.
I'm not seeing the reports about it nearly as much. So it is.
It is nice to see that even though it was kind of slow to get here,
that some of these features have really helped curb a lot of the hate raid
stuff. Um, actually, yeah,
I got raided while playing No Man's Sky and I didn't realize I had turned on the
mandatory verification.
So the people who raided me couldn't chat with me for like five minutes because
they were like, Oh crap, we never verified our accounts.
So I guess they were sitting there trying to verify their accounts.
And then when they finally did, they were like, hi, sorry,
we had to verify our accounts. I was like, Oh yeah, I'm sorry.
I had to turn that on. Like, you know, I'm a gay dude who streams.
So unfortunately, you know, one of many targets. Yeah. So, um,
but yeah, so that is, that is something, um,
I've had that on though since I got hate raided last year.
Oh yeah. Yeah. So, um, let's see,
uh, Mike Defton chat says, thank God for the shared ban list.
I've been wanting that for years now. Yeah. I'm,
I'm very interested to see what sort of underground ban list communities end up
getting formed. Um, because of that, that's going to be very interesting. So,
um, I could,
I could almost with certainty say that if you get banned from VOG network,
you'll probably get banned from my channel and Bobby Black Wolf's channel.
And if she wants in probably dark soccer's channel too. And so it'll be,
I'm all about banning people. So, Hey, so you can,
you can start to see what channels are very likely to start ban list sharing.
So, uh, something, something to think about. Yep. And Rama says me too.
So look out, don't be a shit. Yeah. Just don't be a jerk. No,
nobody listening to this show is making plans on being a jerk. I hope, I hope,
if you got this far into this program, we haven't annoyed you yet.
So clearly, you know, the fact that, you know,
our diverse personalities have not annoyed you yet, uh,
hopefully is a good sign. All right. Yeah. Anyway,
let's move on to something that's very happy, very fun news, uh, dark soccer.
Well, um, uh, we're, we're all, we love toys.
We love our Legos and this is actually super cool. Uh,
probably I'm not going to be able to afford anytime soon, but, um,
Lego has announced the Atari 2,600 set and it looks pretty good.
It's a little wood grain style, you know, that came out when I was, uh,
um, in single age, single number ages. Um,
and it also, it's like, it comes with a cartridge. Um,
it looks like there's actually a few cartridges and the cartridge holder,
we have adventure and centipede and asteroids,
and it also has like a little flip panel where it looks like, you know,
an early 1980s living room.
So I'm down and, uh,
I'm totally down.
There's even like someone playing a key tar on one of the posters. And is,
is that, that better be a cat. It's a cat. Okay.
There is a cat Lego that comes with this. You need it.
Yeah. I, you know, the more and more Lego does, I'm like, dang,
I'm like hundreds of dollars behind and all these sets I want to get.
And I have no,
but I'm really thinking about completely redoing this room and the space you see
behind me.
And I'm thinking about putting shelving where the arcade cabinet is now because
I actually have a walk-in closet, um, that you don't really see on camera,
but there's a walk-in closet just to the side of where all the setup is.
And it actually could fit some of the arcade games in there.
So I'm actually thinking about moving the arcade games into like a little walk
in arcade. Um, and then from there being able to, um,
uh, have some different stuff behind me and maybe some Legos. I don't know.
Now I screwed up my webcam.
I know, I know. And you're, to be fair,
you're not truly the first to suggest that either, but, um, yeah.
I can't hear you.
Sorry. I accidentally tapped the mic button when I was adjusting my camera. Um,
it's, it's probably going to end up happening is pretty much what I was saying.
So, and then that allows me lots of space to get more, well,
at least probably one, two, three against the back wall,
probably about three games will fit in there. So that'd be fun. All right. Um,
but I'm really excited about the Lego set.
I want that and I still want some of the Nintendo ones.
I want the princess peach one. I want the Sonic one.
I'm going to need to dip into my savings account.
That's how it begins. Loki, how about you?
Uh, I don't room for any of this stuff.
What do you have in the news though?
Uh, so Ubisoft, um,
they're having to deal with some delays and
cancellations. Um,
so there was an assassin's creed, um, game set in Japan,
I think that was canceled recently. Um, now of course,
avatar frontiers of Pandora is going to be delayed. Um,
it's not going to come out with the release of the new avatar
movie, but Hey, you waited this long for an avatar sequel.
You can wait even longer for an avatar game. So, you know, it's, it's fine. Uh,
so it's going to be, uh,
launching sometime after March 20, 20 threes,
I'm guessing after the fiscal year. Um,
isn't there like another,
aren't there like three avatar sequels or something they're all coming out like
back to back to back or something? I thought that was what their plan was.
That's the plan is, I don't know what the timeframe are of those other movies,
but it's a little late.
And also the last avatar game wasn't great, but I mean, this looks all right,
I guess. I think the movie will do well. I do. I'm sure it will.
I'm sure it will. Um, what else?
So they're saying that right now the current economic
context carefully and strategically managing our investments is critical.
Now more than ever,
we must therefore succeed in strongly limiting our spending to what is
essential by questioning some of our habits and reflexes.
You mean you're,
you're going to look at addressing some of the sexual sexual harassment
allegations. No, no. Um, by, uh, oh,
reinventing ourselves together to make gains in terms of cost,
agility and efficiency. And that's a bunch of nonsense.
I guess we're not going to see any more laser tag games from them.
Your CEO. Yeah. Good. Maybe. How about,
how about if you want to like show you're really going to be committed to
something radical and take things in a new direction,
why don't you fire your CEO like that? That, that, that,
that would really show like, like less talk, more action.
So some of the games have been canceled so far. Um,
splinter cell VR goes to recon frontline. Um,
the second one was supposed to be a battle rail influenced multiplayer game.
That's what we need more is more battle royale games,
especially after the last one tank too. So I'm, I'm see why that,
and a splinter cell VR game sounds terrible. I'm sorry.
Like it just sounds like you're trying to shove something into VR that doesn't
need to be there. So yeah. Yeah. Um, so right now they have,
you know,
their financial strategy is basing it on a Mario and rabbits,
their new game and the, uh,
skull and bones game, which is still not out yet. You know,
it's the Assassin's creed, the, the pirate part of that,
but not Assassin's creed. So yeah. Um,
we'll see. And then of course they're still working on their live service
project. Assassin's creed infinity.
Is it really infinity though? And also that's a dumb name for it.
Um, I don't know. Yeah.
They're going to have a new Ubisoft forward, uh, September 10th.
Sure. We'll see how that goes. Yeah, I know. Right.
There better be some big surprises in that.
Like how else can they partner with Nintendo to save themselves? Who knows?
We'll see. All right. Um, well,
let's move on and talk about a game that I'm really into it.
This seems to be having a nice long life because of plenty full updates that
this game gets. And that's no man's sky. Uh, got another update this week.
I mentioned it earlier during my gaming week,
but the update is called the endurance update.
It is the 20th major update for the game. Dang. I said 18 on Bobby show earlier.
I didn't realize it was all the way up to 20. Uh,
this comes after the outlaws update came out in April. Um, this time,
what's been changed is mostly fleets and freighters,
but they've also done things with space.
You know how like those really rad science pictures came out this week of space,
that new camera or whatever,
like got the really like much clearer pictures of space.
And you can like see the galaxies out there. And it's like one of those, like,
like you just want to get high and contemplate life.
When you look at a picture like that, because it's like, whoa,
the universe it's so big.
I think of the Animaniacs song.
It's a great big universe and we're all really.
Anyway, well, if you want to sing that song every day, play more, no man's sky.
Um, so, so, but to me like,
and this couldn't have been intended because I'm sure they didn't know those
pictures were coming,
but I feel like they made the universe with the asteroid artifacts and the stars
in the sky, and you can see nebulas and things now,
like they made it more like that photo, uh, making things better.
So I thought that was really cool,
but otherwise your freighters can really become a space space,
more themed rooms. You can have a dedicated room for crops.
You can have a catwalk so you can walk into your fashion strut. No,
it's a catwalk outside, but anyway, uh, observation deck, glass corridor.
So you can like look out at the planets below,
probably get some really cool photos that way. So yeah, it's just, you know,
just sounds like they've really, uh, improved the freighter mini game. Um,
but overall,
this probably isn't quite as big of an update as they usually are,
but you know what,
considering this game is still putting the content out after like six years,
Hey, it's hard to complain. Uh,
there will be a new expedition that comes with this as well. Uh,
Polestar is the name of the new expedition.
You're gonna be taking your capital ship on the galaxy.
So they are going to go to freighters and it sounds like you're going to have to
move your freighter around the galaxy as opposed to your normal spaceships.
That could be interesting. Um, so, but that has not started yet.
It's very rare for the expedition to not start with the patch, but again,
I think they're just ironing out bugs. Um, I hope they are. Cause it was,
it was kind of a yikes on the last expedition, uh, as a reminder,
no man's sky will hit the Nintendo switch on October 7th.
And it's going to have all these patches with it already,
which makes sense of course. Uh,
and a PlayStation VR two version will be coming out soon as well.
And I didn't know this. I thought this already existed, but, um,
um, a dedicated Mac OS version of no man's sky is coming. I thought,
I thought for sure that already existed, but, um,
they announced that at WWDC apparently, and I just fell off my radar.
So, uh, you're muted, shark sucker. I see your mouse, uh, saying something.
I just said it's about final,
finally and Capcom is also starting to show more support. So yeah,
I just assumed it was already on Mac cause it's everywhere else. But, uh,
there you go.
I haven't been able to play it since I moved to my, uh, to my Mac.
Well, maybe, maybe, Hey, I got you into dead by daylight.
Maybe I'll get you into no man's sky at some point. I don't know.
It might be a little too.
You know, if Haver and the people who is it that does VHS would
ever get rid of the anti-cheat thing and actually use something good.
I'd be able to play on my steam account, but no, anyway.
All right. Uh, let's see, uh, dark, uh,
dark to see and chat says Polestar makes me think of the Neo Geo shoot him up.
It's it's pole like a flag pole Polestar, but yeah, it's this funny.
So, um, dark to see it says I'm going to restart my NMS save on piece PS four,
but I think I'll just wait for the switch version to come out so I can just
start fresh and on my own system. Yeah.
Unfortunately there is no cross progression.
The only cross progression that exists is between windows store
and X-Box series, uh, X-Box one.
So that, because, and that makes sense, right?
The Microsoft family is all essentially the same thing,
whether you're playing it on a PC, uh, or, or an X, a dedicated X-Box,
that's the only one.
And that's why I actually moved from X-Box series X where I was playing it to
now I'm playing it on my new PC, uh, thanks to windows store. So, um,
let's see. And, um, yeah,
me says a freighter is the thing you can keep your ships on, right? Yes.
You always get one after your fifth jump in the game.
And thank you, Jason.
And chat reminded me that telescope that takes the pictures,
the James Webb telescope was the name of the, uh,
very awesome pictures that came out and just like, seriously,
like even if you're only like casually into space stuff, it's just like, I,
I never really considered myself a space nerd,
but I do find I tend to really enjoy sci-fi space games always.
When I went to the museum of flight in Seattle, I loved the space stuff.
They have a lot of space stuff there and I loved seeing it. So I think,
I think I'm, I think I'm a closet space nerd. Well,
I'm not in the closet about anything these days, but you know,
a little bit more of a space nerd than I would have thought. So, uh, yeah,
that's maybe why I like no man's sky and talk about it so much. Who knows? Well,
one system that never got no man's sky was the Wii U and I'm sure it's never
going to get it. Uh, dark Sakura what's happening in Nintendo's world.
Do we need to queue in Vogue?
Never going to get it, never going to get it.
Um, anyway, um,
so Nintendo is, uh,
shutting down the Wii U in 3DS eShop. Um,
start it, wait, this says March. Oh,
nevermind. I'm looking at the wrong date. Um, this is on March 27th, 2023.
So, I mean, you got like the better part of a year,
but you got like the better part of a year.
You know, um, but as of that day, um,
and actually as of August 29th, 2022,
you won't be able to add funds to either eShop.
So if you're going to buy them, buy them now, um,
cause there is no other way to get some of these games. So,
and this, I think it was bound to happen.
As Jason called out earlier in the show,
theater them curtain call is an excellent example of that.
Um, when they, they could do,
and some of you are probably wondering like, well,
how would they do it with the touch pad and everything,
even though the switch screen,
but they could adapt the arcade version, uh, and have that. But, um, yeah.
Uh, and then I was going to say, um,
the virtual console still has some things. What's that?
I actually still have my theater of them cartridge. Yeah. And you,
and if you, if you, if you, if you, if you, if you,
if you want to, if you want to, if you want to,
if you want to, if you want to, if you want to,
Yeah. And you, and if you bought things on cartridge, that's cool,
but it might be hard to find those cartridges now.
Then plus the DLC is going to be the big thing in those games. Um,
cause there was a lot of DLC for theater of them. So, um, yeah.
And there's, there's a lot of stuff that was really unique to the 3DS.
The Wii U probably has a handful of games that never came over to the
switch that you still might want to check out.
Like a wonderful one-on-one comes to mind and there's, you know, a few,
but Nintendo's honestly ported most of their library over to the switch
at this point. Um, but there's, there's a, there's a few things,
especially I would say like in the,
specifically the store that Nintendo shop indie titles and virtual
console and that stuff that are,
that are worth picking up because like the Konami titles and that they're,
they're not showing up in switch online's library for whatever reason. So,
um, I would be very, uh,
very much probably going to go through the store and try to pick up a few
things just to make sure I have them on file for sure.
Especially on the 3DS. I don't really have my Wii U hooked up as much anymore,
but I still have a working 3DS.
Like why wouldn't I make sure I've got everything I want on there?
So, all right. Uh, on a different note,
let's go to this next story from Loki.
Yeah. So there's a brand new indie horror game that's kind of got a weird
gimmick to it. It's called the refund me if you can.
And of course is it's alluding to the refund policy.
On steam where if you played a game for more than two hours,
you cannot refund it.
So the game is challenging you to beat the game in two hours.
Also after two hours, the achievements are locked forever.
You can't get any more achievements in the game.
And so basically it challenges you with going through a maze with a hundred
different paths, but only one of those is the correct one.
Oop.
I didn't mean to.
All right.
I didn't mean to play the switch sound effect right issue.
Sorry.
I was bringing up a trailer for the next story and the little impeccably
timed. Uh, sorry about that, but, um,
it's the problem of running everything from one computer here. Um, yeah,
it's a, it's a clever little play on that mechanic,
but it's on the whole, like it's a social commentary on the steam refund
thing, which I know pisses a lot of developers off,
but it sounds like the game is not particularly great. Right.
Like it's.
It's all right.
It looks like a little bit.
It looks, it's all of its shovelware, but it's not like,
it's not super, super polished. I mean, it,
it looks like they're charging $4 for it.
It looks like a game that you'd pay about four bucks for, um,
which is fine if that's what they're trying to do.
It's only in like a two hour experience. So.
I don't know.
Fine. I guess. Yeah.
So if, you know, you want to try to beat it in two hours,
it's fine.
It's fine.
Yeah.
So if you want to try to beat it in two hours, you can.
I'm sure a lot of people are going to go through the hassle for $4.
So.
Dr. C says, so he wasn't expecting to make much on it anyway.
It seems probably not.
I'm sure all this free press is going a long way though. And here,
here we are talking about it too, but I do think it's a,
I look at it more social commentary than a game. It's,
it's really like commentary on that system and how it really irks a lot
of developers.
Cause there are people that abuse it for sure. So.
Yeah.
Well, let's talk about some classics,
not the classic game of the week just yet, very soon though.
But let's talk about some classics making their way to the Nintendo
switch online library. Now,
you know why I was playing that sound earlier,
but they actually came out just this week. We got an update to the
classic Nintendo switch online app.
We've got fighters history just came out on the Nintendo switch online
library. This was the one,
wasn't this the one that ended up causing the lawsuit with Capcom and
all that, because it's like really similar to street fighter.
Like it's yeah.
Also Kirby's avalanche. So, you know, if,
I love this game wasn't enough,
then here it is. Kirby's avalanche is coming out instead.
So that is out as well. And then there's a NES title.
And this is kind of interesting because this is one that was actually
imported. This is,
DIVA is the short name of it.
The long name of the game is, and of course I closed my screen here.
So it's imperial of the, yes,
I could just read the screen. Couldn't I? Yes.
Is out on the NES.
And I believe this is something that was only out in Japan before,
but now it's going to be coming out here and they've done that with a
few titles and that's cool.
That's the stuff that I really like to see happen.
In the Nintendo switch online. So that's pretty cool.
I believe Japan has a similar lineup,
but it does get a little different.
They have a different game coming out.
And of course, now that I'm trying to find it,
I don't have my story up and chat room will probably beat me to it.
But where was it?
Oh, Japan gets Kirby star status.
Oh, Japan gets Kirby star stacker on the super Famicom instead.
So it's a different Kirby game instead of Kirby's avalanche,
because I don't,
I don't think Kirby's avalanche was actually released in Japan, right?
That was a way to get Puyo Puyo out here in the States was to slap
Kirby and Sonic on it for the Genesis. So anyway,
a dark to see and chat says dive.
What's that?
Have I not covered it?
I can't remember that far back. I'd have to search the Wiki.
Yep. It never, it never came out in Japan.
It came out in Europe as Kirby's ghost trap.
Ah, okay.
And it was developed by Hal Compile and Ben Presto.
Let's see.
Yeah.
SD100 Matt says like if I had a hundred chess chances,
I couldn't guess that these titles would be on this update,
such a random pick of games.
And Mike Deff says, yeah, avalanche wasn't released in Japan.
Um, yeah. And, um, why, why would they need to, uh,
because it was only in, um, they have Puyo Puyo in Japan.
Uh, Mike Deff says-
We also had Dr. Robotnik's Mean Bean Machine.
Right.
Uh, Mike Deff says we didn't get Star Stacker here.
We only got the Game Boy version. Well, again, it is,
and I've said this before, but I'll say it again.
It is very easy to just create a Japanese Nintendo online account.
Just create a separate account and localize it to Japan.
You don't have to buy or sub or anything. You just,
you download the clients and then play them on your US account and you
can play all this stuff in Japan. Now,
everything's written in Japanese in the emulator,
but if you play enough of the other one, you know, or, you know,
it's pretty easy to figure that stuff out now at this point. So, uh,
check that out. All right. Uh,
now I think we will talk about officially a little bit more of a classic
time. So let's go to the next segment.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time,
or I'll dive into the and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
I keep having audio leak through when I don't intend to.
I'll blame the COVID. All right. What's the classic classic game of the week
tonight, Darsagra?
Mushi Himesama.
Mushi Himesama, which means bug princess.
It is one of those cave shooters because it's by cave.
And it was originally distributed by AMI in 2004
and then redistributed to arcades in 2011.
So, um, that version though, was the, uh,
version, uh, 1.5.
That was a bit different and that one was ported to PlayStation 2,
but I'll get into the ports and all this stuff. So anyway, um,
the game has a, uh, um,
a bug theme. As you can tell, um, the enemies resemble beat, uh,
beetles and butterflies and you go through forest environments.
Um, and it is as wild
as, as one might expect it to be. It, it is very,
very cave. Anyway,
in the world of Mushi Himesama, there is an untainted,
uh,
one where there are these areas change into lush forests
and all by arthropods called koju and they're basically big bugs.
Um, but when they die,
vegetation grows up around them. So they do the life cycle,
but, um, their,
their life sense is poisonous to humans.
So they have to sacrifice like a 15 year old girl,
but this time the one who had to do it was the princess or something.
So she's just like, uh, no, um,
every like stuff goes wrong and she has to, to, you know,
kill the bugs. So at any rate, um,
the game was, I mean, really, really great. There was, uh,
the PS2 port by Taito, um,
that came out in 2005 in Japan does limited version that had, uh,
little, uh, figures of, uh, Reko and, uh, Kinero, um,
exclusive on that one, as well as an arranged mode, um,
a variation of the maniac mode where you start off with much more firepower,
but no continues.
And if you make a bullet with an enemy while holding a bomb, you don't die,
but you release the bomb instead. Um, and then you can, of course,
move through all of your weapons. Um, now,
another thing about this one,
and this is what people may be more familiar with in the U S is the iOS
version, which I played a bunch of, um,
but it was, uh, uh, Mushihime Sama, uh, Hutari.
Um, actually I take that back. We're going back.
Mushihime Sama bug panic was the one that came out on, um, on iOS.
And, uh, it was, I mean,
you could put it up to hell mode, which played like the arcade release.
I played on easy mode. Um, and then there,
and then there was the sequel, um, in 2006,
which was Mushihime Sama Hutari. Um,
Hutari is, means two. So it's bug princess duo.
So it was a two player bullet hell. Um, and then, uh,
other versions that came out is that Cave did an HD version for
Xbox 360 on May 24, 2012 in Japan that had novice arranged in
Xbox 360 mode, um, where the arrange is the modified PS2 arranged mode.
Um, no arcade mode.
The Xbox 360 mode is as like the arcade release,
but with better visuals. And, and then the, uh,
the first copies had version 1.5 is DLC. Um,
and there were limited editions and an arranged soundtrack and all of
that. And then, uh,
Digica released a port for windows through
steam on November 5th, 2015.
And it was developed, uh, pretty much by cave,
but it's based on the Xbox 360, uh,
HD port with all of the similar modes,
but without that, um,
the version 1.5 mode that could be, um, uh,
could be arranged in there were like limited release qualities.
And so steam had paid DLC available for all of that.
Um, of course the steam one was international while the Xbox 360 port
was, uh, NTSC J region locked.
So, I mean,
Famitsu gave this some pretty, uh,
favorable ratings for the PS2.
It got a 26 out of 40,
but the Xbox 360 version got a 31 out of 40. So they really, really,
you know, bumped it up quite a bit. Um,
it was, uh, for Metacritic,
it has an aggregate score of 86 of a hundred. Um,
Destructoid gave the PC version a nine out of 10 saying that it is a
must play title. And I think it's just one of those, you know,
really cute,
yet very difficult games. And I mean,
not everyone knew about Mushihime Sama.
I'm just going to throw that out there. It is a little bit one,
I think of the lesser known ones outside of bullet hell fans,
you know, here, uh, outside of Japan.
I'm definitely one of those people. Like I did not, I,
I feel like you've probably showed me this game like very quickly before,
but I just, I don't remember this one at all, but it looks very cool.
Like it's, it doesn't even work on iOS anymore. Ah,
yeah. It's been completely retired,
I think because it required different architecture to play.
But yeah, I mean,
I always thought that there should be like a Mushihime Sama RPG or
something. Cause it lights up a little universe that was in,
but that's it. There it is.
There it is your classic game of the week, bug princess,
Mushihime Sama. It's a classic game of the week. Uh, I,
are we going to have a theme of cave shooters?
Cause I think you did one very, you did one last week too, right?
Or two weeks ago, I guess.
No, I did Ikaruga.
Yeah. So not long ago.
So anyway, um,
Which was treasure.
Good. Oh yeah. Yeah.
Good pick for your classic game of the week. Uh, thank you. Thank you.
Um, all right.
Let's travel around and do quickly some rapid fire news and see what else
is going on in the gaming industry. Loki.
We have some more characters announced for multi-versus.
So we have LeBron James, uh,
as featured in space jam,
a new legacy is going to be a character in the game as well.
And then of course,
Rick and Morty are going to be appearing as well.
And those are actually as of the 26.
So in a couple more days, they'll be available to play.
Um, neat, I guess.
Still not a fan of the game of the week.
Yeah.
And then, uh,
no more heroes is going to be coming to our normal heroes.
Three is going to be coming to PC, PlayStation and Xbox in October.
Uh, it looks like on the 11th of October.
So that's pretty awesome.
I'll have to check that out.
Uh, dark Sakura.
It's so well.
A controversial thing actually,
believe it or not is that, uh,
we're going to be talking about, uh,
the, uh,
uh,
uh,
well,
a controversial thing actually,
believe it or not is that, um,
the dead by daylight attack on Titan collection is now available in
version 6.1 0.
Um, it looks,
everybody looks really good except for Dwight and Jake.
Just saying they're saggy,
but pants make them look like they have no waist.
Oh, I hate, I hate the Felix.
I cannot stand the Felix.
I like the Felix one.
The Felix one is very,
I mean, his hair isn't good because that hair just doesn't suit him,
but the outfit is, I mean, very, you know,
The killer, the killer skins are fantastic though.
I don't really care for the spirit that much,
but I do like how Oni looked and I now have a special space in my heart
for that Oni cosmetic because I stayed completely hidden from an Oni an
entire match who was wearing that cosmetic.
He saw me once and then I got out with hatch and no hooks and no hits.
Uh, Dr. Seuss says I saw that,
but didn't know what the reception was from the DVD community.
So can I get into a little something?
Yeah, sure.
I have a feeling you're going to go.
So yeah.
Yeah.
So there's a lot of controversy around the ending of attack on Titan and
even a lot of the various themes that come out in it that, um,
some people argue that it is flat out antisemitism.
Um, and certainly if you know your history very well and have paid attention
to some of the, uh, I can make words happen,
publications of the, uh, uh, mangaka.
Um, he's got some very interesting heroes in even going so far as to
pattern a character in the anime after a very controversial, uh,
commander, uh,
who is responsible for quite a few atrocities against, uh, uh,
the Korean people and Chinese people. And actually as a result,
attack on Titan has been banned in China.
Um,
but I don't want to go too much into it because I certainly do see the
parallels, even though I'm not convinced it's intentional,
maybe.
Um,
but at the same time,
there are quite a few people, um,
in the community who have, uh,
stated that they are leaving the game over it.
Oh, wow.
Um, and I understand why.
And, but we'll,
if anyone wants to know more about it, uh,
I've got links for you and I'm not going to go into the rest of my,
I've gone into my personal opinions on my, on my stream, um,
right when everything came out, I addressed my feelings on it. Um,
so, but it's all completely up to,
up to you guys. And by the way, uh, Ron Chan,
the presence of a Manji is a little bit different.
I mean, basically it's mostly Western cultures that have a problem with
the use of Manji,
which is actually going exactly the opposite way of a swastika.
This is different. This is going into full on,
like for some people saying that it is a,
a complete parallel, a, no, this is what I mean. This is, you know,
this conspiracy theory and I'm mirroring it in my show,
but I don't think that's entirely it.
I mean, your mileage may vary. Don't at me because honestly,
I've done my research. I know what I'm talking about.
I didn't really care for it after the second season anyway, but
take it as you will.
I don't know the show at all. I've never bothered, you know,
I'll admit the first two seasons were freaking great. I mean, I,
I loved it. It was, and then it just like, it took that turn then like,
okay. Okay.
I don't really care for the direction that this is going in and kind of lost
interest.
The first few seasons were action and had great character development.
I mean,
it got weird.
But to go back to the original question about how has it been received by
the community? I mean, these things are,
and these types of skins always seem to print money for behavior
entertainment. And again, I, this.
First major pairing with an anime studio. Yeah.
I have, I have no data to back this up besides,
I see one of these skins in every match I've been playing recently.
Yeah.
This week. I see one,
a lot of these skins in every match I've been playing recently.
Yeah.
Uh, this week I see one like a Zorina almost.
I love that skin is the best at all the survivors. I'm for sure. So, um,
yeah, or, or the killer ones. I see,
I've seen that spirit a couple of times now, so it's just, uh, yeah.
But, um, I mean, and I actually really like, uh,
Kate's Historia outfit. Cause.
First of all, she's closed.
I can't, I can't stand the ACE one,
but apparently it's very loyal to the characters.
I mean, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's,
I can't, I can't stand the ACE one,
but apparently it's very loyal to the character.
The ACE one I think is really good because it makes ACE actually look
decent. Um, but, um, I,
I have to actually, there's a point that I agree with that, uh,
Losing Color pointed out about the hair for some of these is that the
hairs look like they're a bad wig that don't fit,
but some of them actually look really good. Like of course,
Zarina and, um, Kate as Historia. So, um,
but everybody else,
they try to do the anime hair thing in Dead by Daylight and it doesn't
work. The style just doesn't match up that way.
So, at any rate, that's my aesthetic, uh, judgment.
Also, uh, Dwight and, uh, um, uh, Jake look dumpy. The end.
All right. Uh, one more story. This one's coming out of Comic-Con,
which is going on San Diego Comic-Con happened this weekend.
And so we've been getting some headlines out of that, including, uh,
that the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Kawabunga collection,
which is basically Konami's latest collection of stuff, uh,
is going to be happening. Uh, and, uh, we,
we knew the game was coming, but now we know the date.
August 30th is the release date of the game. PS5, PS4,
Xbox one, Xbox series, PC, Nintendo switch.
So pretty much anything with a power switch that plays modern games will
be able to run this as well. Uh, 13 games across the eight and 16 bit eras,
or the time when Konami actually had the license, uh,
including the arcade version of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, uh,
the original, uh, as well as Turtles in Time.
And then the first four console games, uh, Genesis game,
Game Boy games, tournament fighters, NES, SNES, Genesis.
There's so much Ninja Turtles in here.
Tiger claw is going to be very happy for at least two weeks. So enjoy that.
But no, I'm, I'm going to be happy too. I, I even, okay. Okay.
Who's ready for a hot take? I even actually really enjoy the original eight
bit game. Yes. It's hard as hell. Yes. It's, it,
it's kind of derpy compared to the arcade. I, I,
I just have memories from being a kid playing it that I actually kind of enjoy
it for five minutes before I switched to something else.
But that's what these collections are for, right?
Now you can get an achievement and prove to your friends that you beat that
stupid underwater level and you can officially have that achievement in your
inventory. Actually, I don't know if it has the achievement in the inventory,
but, uh, that's my assumption. So, uh,
and tiger claw does point out you could use safe states. So that's true.
That's true. All right.
Let's travel around the world and check out some games that are coming out a
little sooner than the cowabunga collection. Uh, Loki,
we'll start with the U S yeah. We have a surprising number of games actually
coming out this week. So, uh, starting things off, we have hell point,
which is coming out on the Xbox series X and
that's going to be, uh, let's see by tiny build. That's pretty cool.
Uh, Noel, the mortal fate that's on Xbox
one. Uh, we've got story of seasons,
uh, pioneers of all of town on PlayStation four
octopath traveler champions of the continent on
iOS and Android anonymous code on Nintendo switch and PlayStation
four Azure striker gun volt three on Nintendo switch
bear and breakfast on PC and Nintendo switch
captain velvet meteor, the jump plus dimensions on
Nintendo switch, uh, did you Mon survive on
Nintendo switch and PlayStation four grim grimoire once more
on a tend to switch and PlayStation four as you love
making lovers on Nintendo switch and PlayStation four.
Let's see. I'm a Mia son. Why
kamatai on PlayStation four. Stop it with all the Japanese
name games. That's what I'm going to say right now. Um, now, you know,
my Joe Romilia scarlet symphony on PC and Nintendo switch
a lost epic on Nintendo switch PlayStation four and PlayStation five
relief. Dear you for switch on Nintendo switch
send no hot toe soon. A suki so may
know. Is this in the U S yes, as
on the Nintendo switch. Oh, okay. I know. I'm like, he's reading all my releases. Really?
I'm not even joking. It's visual novel week. No. Well, and it's, it's also that the
switch is it. Things are becoming a little more global in the release stuff,
especially on the switch front. That's just a general trend that's been happening thanks to the shift to digital.
So anyway, a mysterious saga to the sacred sword of
Sylvan, Sylvan Esther on a PC.
And then we've got Yoni on Nintendo switch avenging
spirit on Nintendo switch PlayStation four PlayStation five Xbox one and Xbox series
Digimon survive also coming out a little bit later on in the week on
PC, Nintendo switch PlayStation four and Xbox one Madison on
Nintendo switch rim world console edition on PlayStation four and Xbox
one story of seasons pioneers of all of town also coming out in PlayStation four later in the
week. And last but not least, Xena Blade Chronicles three on Nintendo switch.
I saw a game that said hell pie. All right.
Going over to Japan. I wasn't kidding. Loki really did mention pretty much a lot of the same stuff that's coming out in Japan.
Let me hit on some of the highlights. Did you survive also on the switch this week? That's
probably going to be a pretty big one. Dungeon munchies is coming out as well in Japan this week on the
28th as your striker gun volt three in a regular and a limited edition is out that
Komaju Remilia Scarlet Symphony is out in a regular and limited edition, but it is
being released in English in Japan. Grim grimoire once more also out on the switch
this week and final vendetta also out this week. And there is
actually a new controller coming out that is a Pokemon Charizard Vortex themed
controller that's coming out this week. That might be third party actually. I'm not sure why that's snuck on my list, but there it is.
And then of course Xena Blade Chronicles three I'm pretty sure is a worldwide release. So that is
also out in a regular and collector's edition this week in
Japan. Quickly looking at the PS5 to see what we have different there. The Legend of Heroes
Kuro Nukisuke is out in Japan this week as well as
that's it. Final Vendetta is also out on the PS5 this week in
Japan. Let's go to Europe Dark Sakura. In Europe we have
on the 28th for PC or for actually any computer Sims 4
High School Years expansion pack. On Switch on the 29th
the rest of these are all the 29th. We have Xena Blade Chronicles 3 PlayStation. We have Story of Seasons
Pioneers of Olive Town, Lawn Mowing Simulator Landmark Edition,
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Shredder's Revenge and also Digimon
Survive. I guess I can actually say
Ninja instead of Hero. I think they did rebrand it officially in Europe
finally. At some point they finally turned it around.
All right. We have some more into stories and then we're going to get to your
calls, emails and other comments in our Listener Roundtable. But first
Loki. Yeah, so there is a brand, well there's
always new content coming to Grand Theft Auto Online but this is supposed to be one of the biggest
updates that they've done for Grand Theft Auto Online. It's coming out on July 26th called Criminal Enterprises
and they're supposed to be, I guess it's supposed to be topical
but that is part of the update. They're adding a series of
new missions that you team up with the IAA which is I guess like the CIA
and then you take down, apparently you're trying to take
down a notorious oil rich dynasty in Los
Santos. It's people who are profiteering off of heat and soaring prices.
Oh my gosh, it's like ripped out of the headlines. So
in it they're also going to have some more ways to make cash in the game
with in-game businesses including biker bars which is kind of cool, kind of a throwback
to Lost and Damned.
Except I'm not interested in it because it's not a single player expansion.
I'll just wait for six. But yeah, all this time they've
been working on it and it ends up being that. Well and then they've added some more
quality of life changes they said so players will now be able to buy max ammo for all weapons at
once via some interactions menu. What else
site? On PC you'll be able to turn off chat.
None of these look really, really interesting.
The race creator tool has been greatly expanded. So that's cool.
Allowing to increase the player count and add more checkpoints and props because I
know you had kind of a limited amount of like objects you can use because of memory
stuff. But I'm sure since we're now just continue the PlayStation 4 and Xbox 360
actually even PlayStation 3 and Xbox got this game has been out so long. So like
with the previous versions being discontinued obviously those caps can
go up because the newer consoles can handle more objects and stuff in game.
So I like to see that because there's you can do some crazy stuff with those races.
So that's pretty cool at least. Still not going to play it.
All right. Let's go to Dark Sakura with an interesting development in this saga.
Unions, unions, we like unions.
So another Activision Blizzard studio is trying to unionize
20 QA workers at Blizzard Albany.
They filed for union election. They were formerly known as Vicarious Visions.
That's a cool name. And so they went public on this past
Tuesday and filed for union election with the National Labor
Relations Board, the NLRB. And the group said it was seeking representation
with the Communications Workers of America. So 20 workers
were involved with that, as I mentioned earlier, and they want
more pay transparency, fair compensation, better benefits. And they want to work with
Activision Blizzard to have a process, a good process for
addressing workplace issues predominantly involving
employee misconduct. So
here's a quote from the group. QA is currently an undervalued
discipline in the games and software industries. We strive to foster work environments where we are
respected and compensated for our essential role in the development process.
So Activision did acknowledge the request,
but they haven't said anything other than this quote from one of their
spokespeople. Our top priority remains our employees. We deeply respect the rights
of all employees under the law to make their own decisions about whether or not to join a union. We believe the direct relationship
between the company and its employees is the most productive relationship. The company will be publicly
and formally providing a response to the petition to the NLRB.
The snowball is continuing to build.
People. Yeah. I'm very curious to see how this
can because of a curious visions. That was a pretty big day. They were the big part of the Diablo 2
remake that came out last year. So that's that. And that was a pretty big release. So I'm
very curious to see how this all plays out. Yeah. And the
Tony Hawk one and two remakes as as showing her to Matt. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So very curious to see
how this continues. I mean, I think I think they end up unionizing.
I think that part's not a surprise. I think it's the continued snowball effect from here.
So but we knew it was coming. All right. And it's needed.
We all know it's needed. All right. Just a few more stories. Loki. Yep.
So Roblox is doing some work to try to improve the graphics
in the game. So they've, I guess, done some slight changes
to how some of the materials are displayed in game. So the way kind
of Roblox works with like building stuff, they have different materials which would have different like
lighting on them. And then with that, you basically create an object and then
say, OK, this is concrete, this is rubber or whatever. And they have
different physics effects and stuff like that. So now the lighting is slightly different.
Honestly, I'm looking at the two screenshots here. It's like the new one looks darker.
It's like The Last of Us remaster. It's not not night
and day different, honestly. Cool. It'll look nicer.
I don't know. Yeah, that's cool for those people that like that, but I am not
one of those people. It's yeah, I mean, like it's they say it's like a materials
update, like I'm looking at the screenshots here and like. It
it's slightly better. I mean, like I don't know.
Zen Monkey 11 in chat says don't try to fix what ain't broken Roblox. You're going to fuck it up.
You know, I don't think it's I don't think you're going to fuck it up. I think what they're doing is they're just making it so
that because I mean, a lot of the people that make these games in Roblox are kids and they don't know
like how to light stuff correctly and stuff. They're just using kind of the templates and stuff that they have.
So all they're doing is just taking that and making it look a little bit better. Kind of think of like
I guess adding shaders to Minecraft a little bit. Not not to that
extent, but like, you know, it's still the same game, but
they're like lighting it a little bit better or they're adding, you know, some, you know,
sub scatter, you know, reflections and stuff like that just to help
make it pop a little bit. Kind of, you know, update it a bit.
It's a pretty old game at this point. All right.
Well, how about an old band in a new but an amazing band,
the best band of all time, in my opinion, in a rather new franchise, which honestly
was a franchise I did not even know about until I had seen this story.
But it's the Let's Sing franchise and they are going to be getting
an ABBA game is coming out for Let's Sing. Unfortunately, I do not have
footage of Let's Sing ABBA, but I do have footage I can show here on Twitch of Let's Sing
Queen, which, you know, is also pretty cool. But this game came out in 2020.
But you can get an idea. Yes, it's another karaoke game that is available and
it looks a lot like Sing Star.
It looks a lot like Sing Star. Yeah, it looks to me it's not
developed by the same people, but I want to know if it's even like maybe some of the
Sing Star hasn't been around for years now. They got rid of that. I wonder if it isn't some of the same people that
worked on that because there's a very similar vibe going on with Let's Sing.
So Let's Sing has been around since like the Wii. So yeah, it's the same
the same type of vibe like that they've been doing. Yeah, this was it's it's a
you know, a third party kind of karaoke game thing.
But I mean, Sing Star is gone. And so now it's like, hey, all these competition, all the competition's gone.
Cool. Now they can probably pull out these bigger titles. Well, it's interesting to me, though,
that they're even taking the same trajectory as Sing Star because Sing Star
had a queen version and then they had an ABBA version. And that's what Dark Saga is talking about is the videos of me
singing and doing Sing Star ABBA back in the day, which I had on PlayStation 3. Of course I bought that. Of course
I bought that game. You had witnesses in person or was that the dance game? That was the dance game. There was the dance game.
I never. Yeah, that was the dance game on the Wii. They also tried to do Let's Dance as well.
They tried to compete against Just Dance and that's just never going to happen. That's right.
OK. But anyway, so even though I'm showing Let's Sing Queen on the screen,
Let's Sing ABBA is coming out and it's expected on the switch later this year.
It will have 30 ABBA hits, including one from Voyage,
the latest album, because, as you know, ABBA put out a new album this year for the first time
since 1982, which is wild. But I'm thrilled,
obviously. They didn't say which song from Voyage is in it, but I'm assuming it's either Don't Shut Me Down
or the ballad that was the single, which in the moment I can't.
I still have faith in you. I'm like, where did the ABBA fan go? OK.
But also, you know, and they also say in this game, of course, they're going to have Mama Mia,
Dancing Queen, Waterloo, Money, Money, Money. Thank you for the music. The winner
takes it all. Take a chance on me and more. Of course, we don't know how much it costs yet,
but I'll still be buying it. But will it have my favorite ABBA song?
Does anyone remember my favorite ABBA song? It was a single, but it wasn't a well-known single.
It was in Sing Star ABBA, so I'm hoping it'll be in this one. But something
You can never pronounce? Something got bumped. Are you thinking Chiquitita? Not that one.
Not that one. That's a great song, though. But I'm going to say that about every ABBA song. I don't know if there's an ABBA song I don't like.
So, well, the Christmas one on the new album is a little meh, but I love ABBA.
Thank you for the music, is it? I love that song, but no. My favorite,
especially, I was going to say the winner takes it all when Meryl Streep sings it in the movie.
But no, my favorite ABBA song is When All is Said and Done from The Visitors.
And that's the one that they let Pierce Brosnan sing in the movie because they added it from the musical,
and I wish they hadn't, to be quite honest.
Didn't I give you a copy of Supertrooper on vinyl?
Oh, yes, you did. You did. That's right, I did. Yeah.
I found it at a thrift store, and I was like, Rob needs this, and then I didn't give it to you for two years.
I bought The Visitors when I was in Seattle on vinyl, because that's my favorite ABBA album is The Visitors,
which includes that song.
I just happened to find an ABBA album, and I'm like, Rob wants this, I'm sure. And if he doesn't, then he's gonna.
ZenMonkey11 says, I want that ABBA song Madonna stole the beat from. Shit is dope.
Well, it's all over, Gimme Gimme Gimme a Man After Midnight is the song you're looking for.
That is also, the erotic version is in my rotation during my stream.
That erotic cover of, and I'm not talking about erotic, the description, I'm talking about the 90s band that was,
well, they're back now as everything from the 90s is, but they're in DDR.
They're all over DDR, like, you know, their songs from back in the day are all over DDR.
But that band did a cover of ABBA albums, and it's actually really fucking good.
It's really good.
Their cover of Angel Eyes is amazing.
I love, actually, their cover of Take a Chance on Me.
Yeah, like, honestly, that erotic ABBA album is fucking a bop.
Like, I think it's on Spotify now.
It's on Apple Music.
Yeah, I was gonna say, if it's on Spotify, then it's also on Apple Music and all the other big ones.
So it's definitely worth checking out if you even somewhat enjoy ABBA and or erotic.
That's just absolutely delightful.
Yeah.
So, of course, now the chat is asking, as Joe 100 Matt says, so let's sing ABBA stream when?
That is if Twitch even lets you do it.
That's a good question.
I'm willing to do it.
I don't know if Bobby will let me.
I'm willing to do it.
We probably would just have to delete the archive.
Like, we probably couldn't even have an archive.
Rob, I will let you know a couple of fun things which I do with my channel.
You can exclude audio from a VOD.
You can also choose to have it not go to VOD, I think.
Yeah, that's true.
We could just turn VODs off for that night.
Yeah.
But I always have, because, you know, I play a playlist in my background that could be any number of copyrighted things.
But you just set your advanced settings to have your audio routing go a slightly different way.
So, you have a VOD track and you have a live track.
So, it's pretty easy.
I'll show you.
Maybe, maybe.
So, okay.
I mean, I'm open to it.
It would be a fun channel point reward type of thing, which, by the way, we still owe the listeners an Orange Launch Fudio.
We all know why it got delayed, and it got delayed for good reason, but we got to plan a date for that at some point so we can start doing channel point rewards again.
So, all right.
Anyway, let's see ABBA coming out at some point.
Will I buy it?
Of course I will.
Okay.
If they release it here, but I think it said it's coming out here as well as Europe and all that, so why wouldn't I get it?
All right.
Let's go to the listener roundtable.
Every week, we invite you to participate, whether it's in Discord over Twitch, or, excuse me, vognetwork.com slash Discord, or via our email bag.
Participate at orangelaunchradio.com is the place to send us an email.
I actually see a caller already in the green room.
So, Dark Soccer, if you don't mind, before we do the mailbag, I'm going to go to our caller here.
So, let's go to our caller.
Hi, you are on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Of course, any good discussion about ABBA also includes Erotic and Madonna and all of those sorts of things.
Hey, they've influenced so many people.
It's pretty wild.
You're not kidding.
VXJ6V.
Hey, Jason.
It's good to hear from you.
What's up, my friend?
So, I have a little bit of a mea culpa, and I also wanted to expand on what I said in the intro.
Okay.
Because 30 seconds, more like 22 with my standard rap and all that kind of stuff.
So, when I did the intro about two hours before showtime, and when I did it as usual, I went through a couple of rewrites, and I had to delete a leading one or two sentences.
And when I was listening to it in context of the show starting, I was thinking, wow, that scam call out is really, really shitty, really fear-mongery, really just like, where the hell did that come from after what is ostensibly a very good feature that Twitch is working on?
The charity donations, if that wasn't obvious already.
And I wanted to add a few more of my thoughts on why I wrote that the way it is.
The first draft had a leading paragraph that was talking about, I wonder how much scamming I don't know about in charity donation circles.
The couple of versions in particular I'm thinking about that is like, whenever there's a big natural disaster, you have people on the road, I'm collecting for a Red Cross, just on random roads anywhere.
And don't give to those people, give to the Red Cross directly. If there is a location near you, that's great. Obviously, online is everything.
But somebody that paints a Red Cross on a bucket on the side of the road, don't give your money to them. Always, always, always go to the source.
This is a huge thing with charity donations and stuff is that you have to be able to trust, because oftentimes you're donating to somebody's PayPal, and then they're going to take that money and you just have to trust that they donate it.
I've seen some Twitch streamers, what they do is they'll be like, okay, hooray, we raised $85 for this. And then they post a screenshot of their donation to, I mean, we know those can be faked.
But we trust that most people are pretty genuine. But there is that keyword, trust, that's very important.
A lot will have actually a link to the charity that works through Twitch. So you follow the link through the Twitch chat, it takes you to the official donation page.
Well, I was going to say a lot of-
Tiltify is one of the big ones I think out there.
Well, I was also going to point out like the big fundraiser I think we think of with Twitch is Games Done Quick, an awesome Games Done Quick. And when you donate for that, you do donate to a PayPal, but you're donating directly to the Doctors Without Borders PayPal, or the other charity Prevent Cancer Foundation.
You're donating directly to those, basically, but it's tracked on the Games Done Quick website and it sort of ties together. So it knows that you donated through them, but you are putting the money right there in their PayPal, if that makes sense.
Yep. A streamer friend of mine back in 2016 or 2017 wanted to raise money for the RSPCA. She's up in British Columbia. She wanted to donate to the RSPCA.
There was a lot of big news about multiple, just a hoarder houses, I don't remember if they were breeders or not, but like just houses that really fell off the way. And there were hundreds of cats, hundreds of animals across multiple raids and recovery and all that kind of stuff. And she really wanted to donate to the RSPCA.
And I knew her personally, I was a moderator of her channel. I give her all of the benefit of the doubt, all of us in the community did, we're a tight knit community, all that kind of stuff. And she did also make the donation in person, posed with a staff member with a big novelty check with everything, signed in all of their, all of the commemoration and proof was there, admittedly, after the fact, which is always the problem.
And so that's just kind of like where my mind went. We see all the big news with GDQ, 2 million, 3 million, the number only continues. I wonder about how many chargebacks and stuff that they have to deal with. It's probably a lot. Obviously, they're not really going to report on that. I haven't looked at their full disclosure fundamentals or anything like that.
But there's a lot of detail out there. And this tugs on a lot of things that I deal with professionally and feel personally and all those sorts of things that know who you're giving to, know why you're giving to them. Don't do it just because they say so. If they say it's going to XYZ Corporation charity, all that kind of stuff, do that.
Another couple of things that I'd like to say, just in general, if you use Amazon, go to smile.amazon.com. Pick a charity, put your money towards a charity.
Except for AbleGamers.
Yep, I do charity water. I've cared about that for quite some time.
I'm putting all of mine into Abortion Fund.
Yeah, there's a ton of great resources out there. The reason why this is U.S. only, because Twitch is a U.S. company, and the good thing about the U.S. is the 501c3 and c4 registrations, like the legal system is out there for you to be able to look at this information very quickly and very easily.
Even such that the couple of Twitch Cons that I've gone to when I saw, I don't remember if it was Tiltify, but they had these little, all of the charities in the wing of the main hall of Twitch Con had these little credit card bucket looking things that were donations.
It was like, hey, $1, $5, $10, just drop your card in here. That is an example of technology, awesome technology benefiting people where you come by and boop, we know how to drop a card in, bam.
You get a pleasant little sound, you get the reaction of everybody else there.
Don't give this up to Salvation Army, just saying that.
Agreed, but where your policies and feelings and motives align, do your research so that you're not getting ripped off and benefiting somebody else. The information is out there, please make sure you're making use of it.
I think this is going to be nice when it is more embedded within Twitch. I think Twitch can see that so much of their community is getting involved with this anyway, that it's just something they should be on top of.
And just to weed out that bad apple in the barrel, because all it takes is one to really ruin it for people that want to question everything after that point. And rightfully so, I get it.
So Twitch being able to kind of like legitimize that by people knowing that it's going to the charity because it's through Twitch and you point out how Twitch already, Amazon owns Twitch and already has the charity stuff built into it.
And yes, use Smile. I mean, I can't tell you which charity to donate to. There's 1000 great causes on Smile Amazon, you have to speak what speaks to you. And that's that no one can tell you what to do, you have to pick the one that's right for you.
But pick somebody if you are using Amazon.
Be very careful though, because some of them on there, especially like with the ones I've been dealing with for abortion funds, they are very deceptively named. Look them up, look up their paperwork before you select it.
Yeah, so many things like, I don't remember if it was just last February when the Supreme Court decision was leaked. But yeah, those same kind of things as like, when somebody, when some organization's name gets big in the news, you're going to have a bunch of similar looking name pop ups like this, this will always be around because this is always a social problem.
Like the name looks close enough to trick you into giving your money over to something that is scamming you out of your donation, your good intent.
And the more vetted that platforms make it the better it gets us 90% of the way there the last 10% is on the individual to verify and do it and do it the way that really like verifies and proves that you did what you wanted to do to the people you wanted to have your donation.
All right, very good tips, Jason. Appreciate it and appreciate the intro making and all that good stuff as always.
Always, always.
All right. Take care, my friend. We'll talk to you soon.
Have a great night, everyone.
You too.
All right. Let's go back to, not that shot, this one. Let's go back and visit our mailbag. Participate at orangelandtrader.com is the place that you can send us an email week after week after week. Participate at orangelandtrader.com. And I believe there's at least one in there today, right?
There is a list of three things but there's only two items listed but I'll read it. Hello one and all quick story for you. Last night I was at a friend's house for a birthday party at his house there's a DDR third mix machine in the living room.
The only difference is that there's a computer attached to it with step mania I was asked by someone to join them for a few rounds, played 1.5 Difficult. The machine has tons of custom original tracks, including other DDR mixes.
I don't remember all the songs I played, but it did get me to thinking, and a question to all of you, what three songs would you play in DDR? Here's my choices. So number one isn't on the list, I'm just saying.
Number two, Princes of the Universe by Queen and number three, nonfiction by Liella. Kind of eclectic, but I like it. That's it. Stay cool. Really hating this heatwave and stay awesome. That came from Ranchan.
Always good to hear from Ranchan.
Gosh, my three. They're probably all on my playlist. I would probably say Days of Thunder by The Midnight.
I'd also say maybe Stars by Kylie.
One of my favorite songs.
Maybe Star Worshipper, the Leno remix by Future Cop.
I'm also going to throw in one another and say Money by Mystery Skulls.
This is a really hard one for me because my brain kind of wants to go back to that era of DDR music in the 90s and 2000s and kind of pick songs in that area.
Well, we never did get an ABBA song officially in DDR, so you know I want Dancing Queen in DDR. So there's that.
Let's see. What else would I love to see in DDR? I would love to see something like, there's a lot of, see when I go back to that era, I'm like I wanted more like Vincent D'Amour stuff because like Ghost is probably like one of my all time favorite songs or more echo image songs because there's a lot of echo image stuff, you know, but it's kind of like more of the same that was already in DDR.
So I guess I go and I say like, I would love to have a bop from Robin, you know, has always had some danceable songs.
Something for Robin and Roiksop.
Yeah, I was just actually Roiksop was another band I was gonna say I would love to have a song by them. Yeah, so I don't know or like, yeah, I think there's so many good songs that would work out but it all depends on what they can license right?
Yeah, Roiksop and how you pronounce your name, Sundafar? Never Ever?
Yeah, yeah.
That would be a good one too.
They just had a new album come out too, Roiksop did so because they have a Goldfrapp song on there now.
So we know how we like Goldfrapp.
Absolutely, I love Goldfrapp.
So Loki, what about you? What three songs did you put in DDR?
I don't know. I have a DDR machine that can put any songs I want on there. Like, I don't really know what I would put on there. That's, that's, that's too open ended. Like, I'll just play some of the stuff that other people make.
I would do a DDR machine where the only song you can play is conga feeling. That's it. It's a conga feeling machine. That's the only song you're allowed to play.
What was that day back on a fourth mix at RVGL where I think someone played like the kick, either kick the can or the seven jump over and over?
I think it was the seven jump.
Usually kick the can.
Yeah.
That was special.
Good times.
Uh, SG100Matt is suggesting Loki fusion mixes. You, you had some really awesome mixes back in the day. I kind of miss that you.
Yeah, they don't make great sim files though, unfortunately.
Did you ever put them on YouTube? You should put those on YouTube.
Uh, no.
Just put them up there.
They would probably get claimed pretty fast.
So let them claim. Uh, I guess you wouldn't want to do it on your Minecraft channel because you're really trying to build that.
No.
Have a second. Have a throwaway account.
Sure.
All right. Um, okay. So thank you for the email. Appreciate that. That was the only one, right?
Yeah.
Okay. So we can go to our, uh, chat and get some questions from our chat as well. So no one special is back. Hello. Hello. And says question.
Have you three ever bought a game going in knowing full well it's bad, but enjoyed it nonetheless? That's an interesting one.
Have you ever bought a game knowing it would be bad, but still enjoying it nonetheless?
I feel like if I bought it and everybody said it was bad, it was something I was still wanting to defend.
Um, no, I definitely have bought games that I know are bad.
Sneak King comes to mind.
No, no, that's not bad. We talked about it. That's a great game.
Everybody said it was bad when it came out.
It's creepy.
Yeah. Sneak King.
It's not bad.
Bobby agrees with me. Just said it in chat.
Uh, no, like I've definitely purchased Steam games because I knew they were bad. Like, um, the long drive.
There's a perfect example. Uh, the gas station simulator.
Pixel Poops volume two.
Yeah, exactly. You know.
Let's see. Naughty Bear says pod culture. That's a good answer. I remember that one.
Um, I, I can't think of any that I played on purpose that they were bad because I mean, some games other people may not like and you think that they're super fun. So no perception.
No Man's Sky. Everybody shit on that game when it came out and I didn't, I didn't hate it. I didn't love it.
But now I love it, you know, all this time later. But I feel like that's a cheaty answer because you could say, I could say that with a lot of games where they got shit on when they first came out.
Diablo three, Final Fantasy 14, but they're, they're good games now. Right? So those would all fit into that as well. Pod culture says Yaris. I'm sorry. Nobody actually liked Yaris.
You didn't purchase that. That was free.
Um, S. Joe and Hunter Matt says Garfield go, even though it was free to play. I, you know what? A mobile phone game could absolutely count. I bet there's hella mobile phone games that get a shitty rap, but people enjoy them anyway. For sure. So.
A lot of the Earth Defense Force games could be really bad.
Yeah. Um, Oh, Tiger Claw and chat says they were a lot of NES games that were bad, but we bought them because you looked at the box and admire the graphics. So you thought it would be a good game.
Back to the future two and three. That was an awful game.
I remember everybody hated Festers Quest, but I kind of liked it.
And it was great.
It didn't click for me for years later that I was like, Festers Quest was just the overhead parts of Blaster Master as a game.
If Festers Quest was just the overhead parts of Blaster Master, they took out the side scroll part and they took all the overhead part and made it its own game.
So yeah, it's just basically Festers Quest is a sequel to Blaster Master.
It's in the same universe.
It's in the same universe as well. Yes, it is.
Bobby Blackwell says, I'm surprised Loki didn't say Saints Row 4. Well, Loki didn't like that game.
I didn't buy that knowing it was bad. I bought it and then found out it was bad.
All right. If you have any other questions for us, twitch.tv slash vog network, I'll give it another minute here to see if any other questions come in here.
But I remember the wrestling game so bad that when we rented it, we took it back.
That was that WCW thunder.
Oh, God. Yeah, I remember renting games that would end up being terrible, but you just I never I mean, I was bad enough.
We took it back. It was my mom never liked Blockbuster for some reason.
My mom, because all these people have fond memories of Blockbuster.
My mom refused to go there. She hated them for some reason.
So I never really got to experience that. We did go to Hollywood video, but I don't think I ever but it was always like mom and pop stores like the local chain Plaster TV.
We went to for a long time. They didn't rent games, though.
We had a Curtis Mathis store in Dothan, Alabama, that my granny would take us to for rentals.
That's fun. Yeah.
I think I rented the same copy of Return of the Jedi over and over and over and over because it is my favorite Star Wars flick.
Nice. Nice.
Let's see. Mike Deff says, What about the opposite games that everyone likes that you hate?
Oh, this is.
A game that everyone likes that you don't like.
Halo. I don't I don't like Ocarina of Time or Majora's Mask.
I don't like it. You went right for it.
You I don't like any Nintendo 64 or Zelda games.
Wow.
I'm sure there's something in there.
There's something in there.
There's something in there.
There's something in there.
There's something in there.
There's something in there.
I'm sure there's something.
I don't know why I'm drawing a blank in the minute.
See, I want to take the easy answers and do things like Madden and the sports games, but I feel like that's a cop out.
Oh, oh,
Saga Frontier.
I never liked that. I don't like the Saga series and people really like that.
And I did like it. Yeah, I was like, it's suicide.
It's like, oh, Square Enix game.
I played them like, oh, no, I'm kind of with the folks in chat saying the Souls games, the soul.
Yeah. Oh, oh, any of the tactics games?
I don't like tactics games, including I don't like Final Fantasy Tactics tactics games.
See, that's the one I'll let slide.
But otherwise, I'm not a big fan of this way.
I don't even like the Macross game that came out on PC Engine and I love almost anything of the old Macross games.
So.
All right. Well, I think we're going to go ahead and wrap things up tonight.
I know it was a little shorter tonight, but that's all right.
I'm still kind of feeling like I'm ready to to wrap up for the night.
So that'll work. But thank you all for being here.
Thank you for listening to the show, whether you were here live or you joined us on the podcast feed.
Thank you so much for downloading and checking out Orange Lounge Radio tonight.
If you like what you heard on the show, please tell a friend or two about the show.
Excuse me, help us spread the word, because we are the show where every gamer has a voice,
but the voices have to be here for us to put out on air.
So please tell a friend or two a tweet or social media post goes a long way.
I really appreciate that. Even hosting, even though hosting on Twitch is kind of not what it used to be.
We'll still take them here at Vogue Network and I really appreciate that stuff.
So thank you. Thank you.
We'll be back in seven days to do it again.
I guess we'll go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
Oh, actually, I should check with Loki. I'm sorry. Last minute stories.
I forgot to sidebar it, but do you have any last minute stories, Loki?
Uh, no.
OK, then we will get final thoughts.
All right, DarkSakura, your final thoughts, because I know you're going to stream.
Um, yeah, words.
OK.
Later taters.
Bye.
I couldn't think of anything. Sorry.
No, you're fine. It's only a segment we do every week. No, I'm just kidding.
Yeah, but my brain is like, I'm looking at a freeze frame of midnight and I'm like, I love my cat.
That's it. I love my cat.
There you go. There you go.
Yeah.
All right. Have a good stream. We'll see a little bit later.
All right. And Loki, I actually how about my final thought?
My final thought is I would like to know what fucking went and changed all the settings on my computer,
including these different shots I'd carefully curated within OBS.
And just tonight, it just decided to reset all my shots and make them square.
So now I'm having to like a dummy recraft them as we're live on air.
But whatever. Anyway, that's my final thought.
Why do why do things have to be complicated? Why can't things just work?
Why can't they work? All right.
It's I guess.
Loki, last but not least, your final thought.
I wish there was some files for the dance or the step maniac stuff.
I get it. It's Kyle Ward and all them.
And they want to support that because it's a great indie game.
It's doing well.
But.
But also, I want to play them on my cabinet.
And so, yeah.
All right.
I want them.
All right.
I'll pay for them.
I like you can't tell me that that I'm sure that Kevin is running like step mania and some.
You know, capacity is like, you know, just offer them.
It will pay for them.
All right. We'll be back in seven days to do this all over again.
Why did the date suddenly revert to our 20th anniversary show?
Everything is broken on this computer.
Everything is broken. I'm done. Shut it down. Shut it down.
See you in seven days. Bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for our live show, tune in to VOG Network dot com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network.
But you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
The.
