I'm browsing through the stories that will be discussed tonight and make mental notes
about what I might highlight here.
Towards the end, I read an article that is pretty normal, but while reading it, my smile
gets continually bigger.
The first C64 collection for the Evercade is going to include Summer Games, Winter Games,
Impossible Mission, Jumpman, and more, but those first four delighted me specifically.
I'm so vain, I think this story was written for me, but now it's time for your hosts,
Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to give you details about this release and the rest
of the week's gaming news.
Starting right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, and we are live once again with episode number 922 of our
show for tonight, July the 10th of 2022.
My name is Rob Roberts, and I'm joined as always every week for the past 20 plus years
with my co-hosts.
Say hello to Dark Sakura or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
Hi.
I can say that now, 20 plus years.
Yes.
How are you doing?
I'm all right.
My office is in a lot of disarray since I am going through my uncountable number of
art supplies and trying to organize them, so it's a mess.
That's all right.
You know what?
It's organized chaos.
No, it's not organized.
But what I-
It absolutely is chaos.
But what I do like is that now you have some lights wrapped around your microphone there,
so you have-
That aren't on.
You're so little flourish there.
There we go.
I was seeing that before the show tonight.
It's messy as hell.
But I know the podcast-
Not bad for an Etsy find.
I know the podcast listeners can't see it, sorry, but we do tape live every Sunday night
at 9 o'clock Eastern, 6 o'clock Pacific at the Voice of Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash
VOG Network, where you can see video and subscribers here at the VOG Network.
Twitch can check out the video on demand throughout the week.
So yeah, but we try to minimize our visual discussions best we can because it is ultimately
a podcast at the end of the day.
And pod culture in our chat while we are taping live says it's a Tron mic.
Sounds like-
That was the idea.
That's the idea.
All right.
I like that.
I like that.
Which by the way, how nice is this?
Great minds think alike as I show you my Flynn's Arcade shirt because Tron-
I'm wearing-
One of your merch.
Yes, the Hook of Shame, my newest shirt.
The Flynn's Arcade is not merch.
I don't even remember where I bought this, but it does, like Tron is like 40 years old
at this point.
So-
Yeah, it actually hit its 40th anniversary.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So that's the thing.
So it's funny that you and I are on the same wavelength of Tron tonight.
So let's check in with Techmaster Loki.
What Tron inspired thing did you bring to the discussion tonight, Loki?
I brought Jared Leto to ruin the franchise.
Send it back.
Send it back.
No, it looks actually based on the game that's playing behind you.
It looks like you brought Arnold Schwarzenegger to wreck the franchise with, now I know that
one, T2, the arcade game.
Heck yeah.
What made you think of T2 tonight?
Because there's a new Terminator game that's coming.
Is there a new one?
Yeah.
Oh.
There's a new one.
Like a shoot-em-up like the old, like that one?
It's a survival game.
I don't know if it's a shoot-em-up, but I mean, this one's my favorite in the arcade.
You have a few people in chat speaking up, as shown here, Matt says T2 arcade was a massive
token eater.
That stupid truck protection stage sucked.
Questmaster says T2 arcade was great and also knows little known about it, this new Terminator
survival game, but it's planned.
I also, you know, those T2, you know, these arcade one-ups, which, you know, I have not
to be a shill for them, but the reality is you can see one behind me here as we broadcast
live on Twitch, because I have a limited edition BurgerTime, although I don't know how limited
it is because I think they're still on sale on the website, but I digress.
They also have a Terminator 2 one.
It's expensive because it's not the same, though, because they made it a light gun game
and the Terminator 2 game was not a light gun game.
It had like an Uzi that I think is just operating like a joystick that you would move around
and aim with, but it wasn't a light gun game from my memory, at least could be wrong, but
I'm pretty sure it wasn't.
But yeah, I remember I had that game on PC, like back in the day, bought a boxed copy
of it to play on PC and that was fun.
They had a version of it on like Super Nintendo, didn't they?
I guess you had to use the controller to move the crosshair.
I think they did, yeah.
Yeah.
So, all right.
All right, well, we're going to get into some news tonight and we'll talk about our gaming
weeks as well, and this is a pretty interesting place to start.
I was a little surprised to hear this this week.
Let's get into it.
Loki, what is the big headline of the week tonight?
It's coming back, baby.
E3, you know, you've been waiting for it.
Well, now they're going to bring it to its physical form.
Of course, this isn't even my final form.
It's going to be New Planner, so they're going to have the folks behind the PAX conventions
and New York Comic Con.
Repop are going to be organizing it and it's supposed to be coming back in 2023, although
as you probably can guess, it's probably going to be less like E3 and I think more like the
E4ALL that they did.
So we'll see.
Yeah, I don't know.
I don't think it needs to come back.
It's interesting that you compare it to E4ALL and not PAX, who Repop also is probably best
known for running, at least in gamer circles, because they took that over from the actual
Penny Arcade team years ago.
Yeah.
Yeah.
E4ALL is kind of like what I remember what they did with E3, where it was we're opening
to the public and all that kind of stuff.
But yeah, it's just kind of, I don't know.
I don't think it needs to exist.
Well, it's it's I'm going to say this as much as I've been critical of E3 and I've been
very critical of E3.
And that's mostly how the ESA really mishandled it in the last several years, not just because
of the pandemic.
I'm not going to fault the ESA for the pandemic canceling E3 for, you know, 2020 and 2021.
I feel like they probably could have done a little something something this year, even
if in limited capacity.
But OK, so, yeah, I mean, COVID isn't exactly gone, so I can see why they've shied away
from it this year as well.
But I have to admit with this year and there not being an E3, it does feel off like this
whole summer game fest and whatever.
That's not the same thing.
You know, and I think it's because there isn't that tent pole that everybody is making their
announcements around.
You don't have that singular week where you can expect Sony makes announcements, Microsoft
makes announcements, Nintendo makes announcements.
Microsoft is the only one that made announcements.
They did a fine job, but it it was just kind of that was it was just announcements and
it does it does feel like something's missing.
I mean, yeah, but like, I don't know how keen they're going to be to want to spend the millions
on a booth and stuff when they're probably finding similar, if not better success with
these digital events.
It's like, what's really going to convince them to come back?
And like, I just don't see that happening.
Yeah, they may do it around the same time like they did this year, like with the Microsoft
Bethesda stuff.
I just don't really see it coming back to being the E3 we once remembered where it's
like all of like these big announcements and everything around that time.
But like, I think a lot of these companies are just going to be kind of hold them back
on their stuff.
You may have like demos and stuff.
I don't think it's going to be anything different than you see, like a PAX or Comic Con or anything
like that.
I don't think it's going to be this major event unless the ESA is willing to put the
money where their mouth is and in partnership with Read Pop, throw a lot of money at a company
like Nintendo.
And honestly, I'm going to be quite honest, Nintendo is the only one they need on board.
They can even get by without the other two.
I think Microsoft will just kind of do it because they tend to do these things.
But the only one they really need is Nintendo.
And if Nintendo, I mean, come on, look at any other E3 and look at like where the mad
rush in that line always goes.
Like I'm just I'm telling it like it is.
And you I love all the platforms.
I love PlayStation.
I love Microsoft.
There's something about Nintendo and the way that it speaks to the gamer population and
the kid in us or whatever, that people always rush their booth first.
So the only people they really, really need to get on board with this is Nintendo and
their show will be fine.
It you know, I and here's the thing, I don't want to speak too positively of this because
the reality is E3, if it's coming back, it's and I saw this name during Bobby show.
This is completely appropriate.
It's zombie three.
It is not going to be the same E3 that you knew 20 years ago.
Now granted, for better and for worse, because we know there were a lot of issues with E3
back in the day.
But at the end of the day, E3 was a trade show, right?
It was for people in the industry, whether you like it or not, to be able to network
to be able to, you know, get advances of what was going to be coming out through the rest
of the years that people that were, you know, writing articles without advance magazines
and so forth, got a sneak peek at that for retailers to get an idea what you know, campaigns
they're going to want to run to try to push, you know, these things towards the end of
the year.
This was a trade event.
Now unless we are corrected otherwise, and I doubt it, depending or based on who this
new partner is in this, E3 is not a trade show anymore.
E3 is a fan convention, which congratulations gamers, you won.
You're going to get you're finally going to get what you always wanted a public E3 congratulations.
You got it.
But guess what?
It's not going to be as good as the E3 that existed back in the day.
And it's not me being an elitist.
That's just me being factual.
And it gives me even less interesting going.
Yeah, it's well, and it's because the internet is a thing.
And it's because you're going to have companies that are less likely to put out their pre-builds
and early access demos in front of the public, because the public can be a bunch of bitches.
Load Twitter during any public gaming event, and you can see how the public can be very
unkind to games.
So if...
The public is just unkind to begin with.
I don't know what they're thinking.
That's true.
They're, they're going, they're going to only show you games that will be out that summer.
So like, let's, let's say read pop E3 was happening this year.
Bayonetta would go, and the game that they would be showing off that would have the long
line, Splatoon 3, which is out in what, two months, if that?
That's the big game they would show.
They would not show you Bayonetta 3.
They would not show, they certainly as fuck are not going to show you Breath of the Wild
2.
They might, but they might have a trailer on the big screen.
We'll give it, maybe, maybe, maybe a read pop E3 would have given us a new trailer on
the big screen.
You sure as fuck wouldn't play that on the show floor right now.
Absolutely not.
So that's, that's it.
And our chat, of course, is lighting up.
Sj100matt in chat says, I guess read pop does have the connections to try to sway these
companies to come in, but it really doesn't seem like these companies are willing to sway
from doing their own direct style model.
I'm going to stand by what I said.
They only need one company to agree to it.
If they get the one company on board, E3 will be all right.
E3 might be a decent fan show.
Now I have my own issues with read pop and why I don't participate with PAX East anymore.
I don't know how much of that old dirt I want to dig up because it is old dirt.
It dates all the way back to PAX East a long time ago.
But needless to say, there's a reason, PAX burned their bridge with me.
I didn't burn my bridge with PAX.
PAX burned their bridge with me.
So I, I'm, there's a reason why I've never gone back.
And I'm not exactly excited to go to this new E3.
But I'm certainly curious.
I realize the potential that's there.
I realize there is a certain type of weight behind the name.
I realize there is a nostalgia and something does feel missing this year.
I'm just not sure this is going to fix all the problems.
As Joan Hunter-Matt says, the new E3 with carnival rides, figuratively three hour long
signs, merch tables, and covered by G4.
You better believe they're going to be there.
Of course.
And they'll, they'll probably have celebs in the gaming industry available at tables
to sign things.
That's how, you know, it's, if anybody is selling an autograph at E3, I'm telling you
that is not the E3 that it used to be.
Bobby Black Wolf, of course, with an analogy that has been covered before, but it is, it
is great.
Ten years ago, I said that PAX was what people who never went to E3 thought E3 was like.
Now, E3 will be what people who never went to E3 thought E3 was like.
Sure.
I, okay, fine.
I don't mind.
I don't, I'll, I'll drudge up the dirt.
Why not?
Bobby Black Wolf in chat.
I'll spill the tea in chat.
Fine.
I'll read it.
Rob and I were invited to PAX East to be on a panel about gaming podcasts.
The panel was cut at the last minute for the schedule.
We had already bought flights and hotels.
We applied as media and were denied.
They wanted us to be on a panel to speak about gaming media, but ultimately decided we were
not gaming media.
Unprofessionalism, it's too much.
Anyway, Questbuster in chat says, in before another story of a stolen demo at E3 shows
up.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Better, better keep those under lock and key.
Oh yeah.
E3 100 Matt says, Oh, I forgot NFTs and the blockchain will be there.
Yeah.
Um, by the way, Bobby, the one part you left out that's important in that story is that
the public tickets had already been sold.
When we asked about trying to get a public ticket, we were told there was nothing they
could do.
If we did not have a listener who had happened to buy extra tickets, we would have flown
out there for literally nothing.
And then I would really be pissed.
At least I was able to record a podcast on the show floor with some friends.
So I feel like I got something done, but yeah, that was some, anyway, now, you know, if you
didn't know now, you know, so, um, and that's why I'm likely not going to be going to the
new E3 either.
It's going to take a lot to convince me.
I should waste my time with the new E3.
Now granted, and I've been saying this on Twitter and I do believe this, but even after
telling you that story via Bobby, even after all that, I think this is better than nothing.
And it's, it's going to be in a better place than where the ESA had it.
The bar was pretty low.
At least if you go, your information should not be stolen and published online, at least
by a company who claims to represent the electronic entertainment industry.
At least there's that.
They ever do anything with that?
No, they swept it, just hoped it would disappear.
And of course, because the gaming media does not have a great attention span and is not
great on follow-up, uh, it disappeared, but no, nothing ever came of that.
So that's that, uh, anyway, um, so I don't know, um, dark Sakura, I, I w I want to go
back to you cause you've been chiming in that you're not very, you're like, whatever with
this E3, can you elaborate on your thoughts?
Like what, what makes you go hard pass on this E3?
It's the fact that I haven't cared about E3 in years, really.
I just don't have anything in me to give it any attention, especially if it's going to
be just another con.
I could go to a smaller gaming convention and have a lot more fun than I would at a
big corporate stick up the ass thing like this.
That's why I stopped going to Anime Expo.
That's why I will still sometimes go to Fanime, but even Fanime has kind of turned into something
like that.
You know, I don't like going to big cons anymore.
I don't like the over-commercialization.
I go to see the, the, well, in the past I would go see the anime and see the cosplay.
And for a game con, I would go to see the games.
That's why I liked old E3, even though it was, you know, all swag and booth babes and
shit and sometimes you would get free balls out of the deal, the soda, not somebody's
balls.
It was also the only place I ever got diet balls, it was so weird.
But back, back to my point, though, I could go...
For those who are watching their ball intake.
Yes.
But at any, at any rate, it was one place I could go and see the games, see the prototypes,
see what was new, talk to people in the industry, get ideas.
You know, honestly, going to the parties for GDC were a lot more like old E3 to me.
And I mean, this is why I'm actually considering making GDC my thing because I'm working on...
I'm doing a little bit for my web comic, but it's based on a visual novel engine.
So...
I think, and I know you've also spoken about wanting to go to TwitchCon and...
I am going to TwitchCon.
I think Twitch...
I just need somewhere to stay.
I think TwitchCon is going to be great because it's about the community and not about the
games necessarily.
And a lot of people from the community plan to be there.
So that's, that's a big part of it.
I know we're having a big Debbie party.
But you, for me, you hit the nail on the head when you talked about how they're smaller
and less important cons that you get a lot more value out of in attending and a hundred
percent that part.
So there's that.
By the way, Bobby Black Wolf is plugging one of them, Southern Fried Gaming Expo is next
weekend, which is a mid-sized con and VOG is sponsoring it out in Atlanta.
So check that out if you're in the Atlanta area.
Well, there's another thing though, and that's honestly artist alleys, which E3 didn't have.
But when you have an artist alley at a big convention versus one at a smaller con, the
artists from, in my, in my experience, get more out of the smaller cons.
They have to pay less for their places and the big corporate ones are trying to milk
them less, you know?
So there's also that to me.
That gives me a chance to actually some more, especially for a gaming convention, I've been
able to support smaller developers like my friend who's working on Potato Tail.
Bonstablo 6 in chat says Blurred Con was this weekend.
Next big East Coast con is Otakon in the Walter Reed Convention Center in Washington, D.C.
You know.
Not interested in that.
It's too big.
Blurred Con, I bet is awesome.
And those cons that are about communities.
I really miss...
DJ Rama S says F that con.
Oh, there must be a story there.
All right.
I really miss Gamer X.
Now, I understand messy things happened, but I miss what it was with the community and
everything.
And that was a great sized con and everything, you know, that was, I had some really good
memories there.
So that was very cool.
By the way, because Bobby had brought up Southern Fried Gaming Expo, I was curious because,
you know, there's we have our own version of that out here, which I think was the inspiration
for that.
We have California Xtreme and I was looking into it.
Is this month that I'm going?
It is.
It's July 30th.
Do you know for the first time, and I can't remember since when, I don't have any plans
that weekend already.
I don't have a conflicting show.
I don't have a conflicting show because the Rocky show got canceled this month.
So I...
Yeah, I may actually want to go this year.
I'm still kind of feeling out the COVID stuff a little bit, but I think, you know, I think
it'll be all right.
So, yeah.
Well, I did Pinagogo and honestly, that was all right.
Yeah.
Not Pinagogo, but Golden State Pinball Festival.
Plus the mass compliance is just, odds are it's going to be a lot better here than it
is.
I mean, I am going to Dragon Con and I already know, all right, if I don't get COVID by then,
it's probably going to be a high risk situation, but I'm just hoping we have the COVID variant
shot available by then because I know they're working on finishing that up.
So we'll see.
Fingers crossed.
But yeah, California Extreme, I'd love to go to that if it could work out.
So that'd be cool.
Well, you need a ride.
Yeah.
I'll...
You can hang with the pinball crew.
I'll be in touch.
Anyway, so let's see, genuine excitement when we talk about these mid local, more direct
type of cons, these big bloated things, I'm over it.
Maybe it's just my age.
I'm over it.
I don't know.
Well, it's just, it's a big, like, if you look at E3, like let's just say from our perspective,
like to see anything at E3, you have to wait in lines and like with Nintendo and stuff,
that's why there is a big rush to the Nintendo booth.
It's not because the people are excited about Nintendo stuff.
Sure, they're excited about that and everything else.
But Nintendo particularly had like three to five hour wait lines to see a game.
Like no thanks.
I would rather not waste three to five hours of my time to do that when I can just see
it in a video in a direct.
And there's like my 30 minutes of time that I spent watching those.
The worst is when you stand in line and then you realize what you're seeing got pushed
on YouTube that same night.
That's that.
That was the last E3 I went to.
And I think I've told that on the story before.
That was the moment when I was like, I'm wasting my fucking time.
It was just, it's, it's hard to like, even like going there, like it was hard to pay
attention.
Like if you're just not using the internet at that time and just going to E3 and trying
to pick up the information, it's hard to like get everything you're going to miss stuff
on there.
You're a miss seeing things because you didn't know what was going on because it's just a
chaotic mess.
I just can't, I can't imagine this is going to be very good.
I mean, whatever it, it'll be like E4 all, but like, I don't think people wanted that
to come back and it certainly didn't come back.
So I don't know.
All right.
Well, we'll, uh, we'll keep our eye on this new E3.
I mean, even though we're all kind of looking at this going meh, I mean, it is relevant
if they can get the big names to support the show and get those big announcements again,
it's going to be important.
So we'll keep our eye on it and see how things develop over the next few months.
But in the meantime, we'll focus on this month or this week and talk about our gaming weeks
and the types of games that we've been playing.
So Dark Sakura, why don't you start us off?
How was your gaming week?
Playing Dead by Daylight and I'm still working on Survivor and indeed I will be playing again
with Finara later tonight.
Um, Finara has been my meat shield so that I can get, um, my adepts and, you know, get
better with the game.
And I'm already at gold four, gold four or gold three.
I don't remember, but, um, I also, I don't know what it is, but I think because I am
a killer main, I have a talent of making friends with the killers, the ones who are in the
mood to be friends.
Like I had a match where basically Finara and I were the only ones who really made it
out okay because we stopped to boop a pig and I've made friends with legions, which
you know, lesion players are notorious for being pretty toxic.
Um, I've, I've made, and I actually, I played a doctor match.
I actually did play a killer match because I wanted to just get the challenge done and
ended up just memeing around and met another streamer.
That was pretty fun.
Yeah.
I actually rated them after my stream.
So I've been, I've been getting a lot, I like Survivor better, a lot better than I thought
I would.
Um, cause the first like doing the demo, I hated it.
And then when I played with some other friends, I was like racked with nerves the whole time.
And the one thing that I do not like is that because I have to use the thumb track ball
mouse for having a bad wrist, um, I can't look behind me when I run, which also means
that I will not have any problem with them nerfing dead hard cause I don't use it.
I am however, not looking forward to adapting, uh, uh, David because no, yeah, however, um,
I, you know how if you do a certain generator in certain levels, you get an achievement
for it.
Yeah.
I have one left to go.
Oh, that's nice.
Which one?
I have, I have a Scrotus pen.
I mean, Crotus pen.
Okay.
I call it.
I call it Scrotus pen.
Okay.
Yeah.
The, the served ward.
I got the, the chapel.
Okay.
Honestly, if you got RPD, that's the biggest pain in the butt in my opinion.
So congrats.
Yeah.
Um, I got with, uh, Nick and anti vortex and I forgot who else, but they were like, no,
you're getting this.
I, someone brought the offering and said, you're getting this.
And so I got it.
Oh, that's fun.
Yeah.
And, and the, the, the killer ended up, you know, pretty much letting us go anyway.
Um, so it was, it was all right.
You know, um, and I got, I think I do have almost everyone adept now.
I know this is all like dead by daylight stuff that not everyone cares about, but I have
Laurie, Ace, Adam, Ash, yeah.
And David.
Those are the ones I have left.
Of course, Nancy and Steve don't count.
Um, I also, um, I still couldn't get my final fantasy, uh, six translated uncensored version
to play in a battle.
Like it'll do everything except do the damn battle.
Oh, weird.
So, uh, yeah, it's, and I think it's just the patch or, or my copy of it or something.
And I, and like I said, I feel absolutely justified playing it through emulation because
I own both copies of the game.
Yeah.
I mean, I have a Japanese cartridge and I have an American cartridge.
How many times do you have to own a game before we stop apologizing for emulating?
Because it's convenient.
I'm saying it because I'm streaming it.
No, no, no.
I mean, in general, I'm not attacking you.
I'm just saying in general, like the community, like, like emulation has to be acceptable
at some point.
Like, you know, you're just playing the stuff you own.
Like I, yeah.
Anyway.
Yeah.
Um, um, but I, um, I suplexed to train on Wednesday and I did the opera last night and
I will be playing it again on Wednesday.
Nice.
So, but tonight is, is Debbie Thursday and Friday is dead by daylight.
And I'm actually really gonna try to get through the rest of those depths and try to get back
to killer a little bit later.
I think the thing that I like best is just that I've been playing with friends.
That's cool.
I, the life of the killer is a lonely life.
I would love to join you tonight, but I have a major, major work thing starting tomorrow.
So I got to get to bed on time.
So
All right.
But maybe this just during the week's going to be hard just because yeah, I have a major
work thing going on.
So it's all right.
But if you can, you can.
Maybe next Sunday.
Yeah.
Maybe.
It depends how traffic is.
Cause I have to commute to another city this week.
So yeah.
Well, as Dan is fond of saying, real life must intrude.
Unfortunately, it is the way it goes, uh, Loki, how was your gaming week?
It's been a lot of video editing in Minecraft as usual, like three videos in a week.
Right?
Yeah.
So I had two videos out like last week and then I put one out in the beginning of this
week.
So, uh, the new bill I did was a guardian XP farm and the bottom of the farm is the
giant lantern fish from mega man too.
So I think, I think it came out really well.
Um, yeah, this next, I saw him come up with what I'm building for.
I mean, I have worked on stuff for, with the new frog lights.
So that's a thing that's in Minecraft now where do you bring frogs into the nether and
you break down magma cubes to the smallest little magma cube, they'll eat them and poop
out lights for reasons.
I don't know.
Um, so I have a farm that does that now and it's way too efficient.
So I, I keep cutting back the amount of space that's dedicated to the lights and just what
it's a normal magma cube farm.
And I have to now cut it down to a quarter because I literally have, Oh gosh, probably
20 double chests full of frog lights.
That's more than I'll ever need more than the server will ever need for the entire season
after like a night.
So it'll be, it'll be fun to figure out how I'm going to use those, but I need to come
up with some more magma and stuff.
I think this time that we have to make a shop to sell some things cause I have a bunch of
farms now and I need to probably start doing that.
We just went to the, uh, the deep dark and the ancient city today and that kind of didn't
go great, but we, we did some fun, like, uh, challenge things where we were basically stripped
down to like no armor or anything and we just decided, okay, we're just going to sprint
through this thing and see whoever dies the last.
And I died the last.
So I got, I got 50 diamonds out of that.
Congratulations.
It was fun.
All right.
Um, let's see.
My gaming week, uh, I also play a little dead by daylight, um, kind of focusing on killer
this week.
I played a lot of, I'm really trying to get better with Sadako.
Um, and, uh, I find my matches just, they swing the pendulum either I get four Ks or
I get bullied.
Uh, it just was feast or famine.
Yeah.
It's, it's really just depends.
So I'm just trying to get better with her.
Uh, just trying to get better with chasing on like L wall T walls is really where I need
like the help.
Um, I've also been playing plague.
I kind of consider plague my other sort of main of the moment.
So, um, that's kind of fun.
I just like plague because I feel like she breaks the normal survivor meta.
Like dead hard doesn't matter with her really.
Yeah.
So cause you can just puke on them.
Exactly.
Cause uh, that distance doesn't give you anything.
So yeah, you know, I used to be a plague main.
I, yeah, it's kind of where you started, wasn't it?
I started with Legion and then I was following Otz's, uh, like killer tier, you know, best
perk thing.
And then I finally realized, you know what, I don't really care about his opinion.
I mean, he's great streamer, great person.
I don't person's opinion.
Yeah.
But I did agree that starting off with plague really helped me because learning a hard killer
like that made learning pig a cinch.
I found that tall characters are harder for me to play than short characters.
Yeah.
Which is, and isn't that funny?
Like plague is very tall and Sudako is very short and that's where I kind of live right
now.
Sadako is the shortest one.
I think that comparatively she's like four, no, she's like right at five foot I want to
say or four, four, 10, five foot.
And pig is five, three, which is my height.
But the best thing ever with Sadako is that when you go to hook somebody and she kind
of, you know, she does all psychic powers, when she goes, the hook actually lowers so
that she can get them on the hook.
The hook actually bends down ever slightly during the whole animation.
The hook is like, I will bend to your will mistress.
Yes.
She's like, damn right, bend to my psychic powers.
It's her psychic powers.
So yeah.
Other games I've been playing, I've been continuing to play Diablo three and apparently there's
a group of like, I was reading a story on a website this week about how like there's
people that went and played Diablo immortal and then realized when Diablo immortals like
money making stuff was kind of BS.
They just went back and played Diablo three and were like, Oh, there's a lot of stuff
going on here.
I'm like, I am one of those people because they actually the latest season, they added
a new thing where there's like a whole little bonus room that was kind of fun to play.
And I guess the next season they're testing next week and they're, it's adding a new thing
too.
I kind of thought Diablo was done adding stuff, but they're still adding like little things,
which is great because Diablo three doesn't have microtransactions anymore.
We all know the real money auction house was a disaster, but that is like eight year old
news at this point.
That is a way in the past.
So this is a, the game's in a good place now and I'm having fun.
Alan got back into it too.
So I was helping him level his seasonal and then he got help from strangers online.
He's like double my paragon level right now.
He's like paragon four 70 or something and I'm like 200 maybe.
So yeah, it's kind of, kind of fun.
And then also continuing my GPS games, I hit level 61 in Pikmin and then I haven't really
been playing that.
There's a Pokemon event that happened this weekend, but I've only like half been half
paying attention.
I don't like the battling stuff.
I don't really care for the team rocket battles and that stuff.
I'll do them if I have to, but I've just kind of been ignoring this event.
So but I just want to make sure I catch all the Pokemon.
So I got Pansear who's like a regional who's kind of available right now.
Yeah.
So just try to, try to get the rest of the candy I need to evolve that one and then I'll
feel better about where that's at.
Otherwise one other games that I've been playing, which is random, but it came out on Xbox game
pass, which I also think is random and it's on game pass for PC and Xbox series, but I've
been playing on PC DJ Max respect.
So V, which is fun and it's funny because I own it on steam too, but remember I got
a new computer, so I never installed it on this computer.
So I was like, ah, what the hell?
I'll install the game pass version to get some achievements, but the only thing that
sucks is none of my DLC, cause I don't think the Xbox version has the DLC implemented yet.
Whereas the steam version has like classical and some of the stuff I really like.
So it's sorry to say, but the steam version is a little bit better.
I think still cause it has the DLC available.
I don't know if they're planning on adding that to Xbox, but probably won't be on game
pass anyway.
Uh, it's probably how they kind of hook you in.
So, um, Mike depth and chat says DJ max respect V on Xbox is pretty much the same as the PC
version for better and for worse.
Yeah.
So it's, it's pretty much the same thing just in the windows store and a series X, but yes,
I've been getting some achievements there and it's, it's kind of scratching the 2d X
itch because do you remember how round one was supposed to open here in, um, Roseville
in June?
Yeah, we were lied to.
So apparently according to Reddit and somebody who called now it's like late August, they've
been pushing that lied to, but they've been pushing that back every single time.
But I mean, I understand the first time cause of COVID, but they had, was it cause I'm in,
um, I was in the old Sean against group now it's like sack gamers or something like that.
And they had, someone had posted a picture from today, I think where like the game machines
are on, like some of them are on, I don't know what they're doing right now, but I mean,
it should be opening and I hope pretty soon.
Hmm.
Well, we'll see.
It wasn't, I went by the mall last week and it still wasn't open, but, and I'm sure when
it opens, we'll hear everything.
Does that, is that the same group that had all the games that strikes in Rockland?
Are they all still there?
I haven't been to strikes since the pandemic.
Yeah, they had stuff there and I think at the drive-in as well, and then of course that
burned down.
Um, but yeah, I think they had them at strikes.
I think that stuff's still there.
Interesting.
I just haven't been over there since the pandemic started.
So just curious.
All right.
Um, Oh, that's fine.
I didn't realize this.
Mike Defton chat says I'm playing the Xbox version of DJ Max respect and the freaking
game still tells you press F 12 for X.
And I'm like, I'm on an Xbox.
God damn it.
I, that's this type of stuff I thought they're supposed to find in certification.
That's what the cert process is supposed to find.
So that one must've got missed.
That's interesting.
So, Hmm.
All right.
Um, that's it for our gaming weeks.
Let's get into some more gaming news and what else is going on around the industry.
There's been, there's been some stories this week, so we'll start with Loki and a franchise
near and dear to his heart.
Yeah.
What used to be guaranteed.
It's still near and dear to my heart.
Um, it's so dear to your heart.
It just keeps breaking it.
Yeah.
Oh, so Rockstar basically confirmed a lot of things that we kind of already assumed
with their actions.
I mean, that's just kind of the way they've been treating things.
So they've confirmed that, um, major red dead online or red dead online support is done.
I mean, let's be honest, it's been done for months already.
They haven't really supported it at all because their cash cow grand theft auto online is
been making a ton of money and that's where they're putting their effort.
So they said, you know, over the past few years, we've steadily moving towards development
resources towards the entry of the next entry in the grand theft auto series.
Understanding that, um, more than ever, the need to exceed players expectations for this
next century can be the best as possibly can be.
Um, and as a result, we are in the process of making some changes in how we support red
dead online.
Let's be honest, like they haven't like provided updates to red dead online for like a long
time and it's certainly not supported the same way as grand theft auto online.
So sure, we'll just say that they're doing that.
Um, and then of course they're also shelving some other remakes.
So this one really is super disappointing for me because I was a huge fan of grand theft
auto four.
Uh, it's where I played all my modded games and stuff.
They were going to do a remaster grand theft auto four and of the original red dead redemption.
But they said that, um, allegedly do the insider sources that these are no longer on the table,
uh, because of the mess that grand theft auto, um, the trilogy went through.
I mean, but are they surprised?
I mean, like they didn't put a lot of effort into the trilogy and they're surprised that
it like blew up at them.
Like, I mean, they're really going to put the same amount of effort and let's have like,
I was going to ask if the four remake was in the same boat as the trilogy, it probably
would have pissed you off.
You wouldn't have been happy.
Oh, it would have absolutely pissed me off.
But like I still would have liked to see a re oh, I'd like to see a remake of that.
It would be nice, but I just, if they're not going to put any effort into it, which I don't
understand why they have the resources, they make so many billions of dollars off of grand
theft auto.
I mean, five has been out forever.
I don't understand why they couldn't do that, but all right.
I mean, if you really don't want to put the effort behind it, then I guess it's better
not to come out.
Fifth dream in chat says grand theft auto six will never meet gamers expectations.
Do you think the bar is too high for GTA six?
Um, yeah, it is.
I think it's, it's never going to, I think, I think the problem with GTA six and I don't
even play these games as much as you do.
And I fully admit that Loki, but I think the problem with GTA six is going to be the pressure
to make something that continues the online side of things.
Because like you said, that's where they're raking in the billions.
That is what's going to happen.
So here's what I see with GTA six is like, it'll never single player wise, it's never
going to live up to it because it's it going from like four to five, it was just such a
massive like the world was so much bigger and so much more in depth and stuff.
You just can't, you can't really go much further with it.
Like you can't make it even more in depth and larger.
I don't know how big of a world they can really make with that kind of detail.
It would have been nice.
The thought was originally with grand theft auto six that was going to be a different
location and that that would somehow tie into grand theft auto online or that grand theft
auto online would keep expanding to like, you know, we'd go to Liberty City and we would
go to Vice City and then maybe new locations that they'd never come up with and you have
it where you that would all kind of interconnect together.
But I don't know, I'll still play it.
But it's, it's gonna be like micro transaction to hell, you know, for grant, whatever grand
theft auto online to is it's going to be just an absolute slog as far as pushing those
micro transactions, because that's where they made so much money.
I mean, the people have voted with their wallets, so
Zen monkey 11 says GTA six will be epic.
Rockstar always comes through, you know, let's, let's, let's, it'd be nice to see something.
That's all it's been.
It's been a while.
It's been a while.
Yeah.
Like, let's put it this way.
Like the single player probably is going to be good.
Like because Red Dead Redemption two was a great single player experience.
I just like I'm still disappointed that five never had any single player DLC like as four
had two really great pieces of single player DLC that were, it really fit that game.
Like I would love to see something like that, but I don't know.
We'll see.
SGA 100 Matt in chat says GTA blockchain confirmed.
Please know.
I don't think so.
But like, you're not.
Please do not.
Let's move on and talk because I don't, I don't know if crypto is treating this company
very well, but there's, unfortunately, I think what a lot of us knew was probably gonna happen
eventually started to happen over at GameStop and, but, but I mean, I'm going to start off
with this.
An executive gets laid off.
So the chief financial officer of GameStop, Mike Recupero has been fired.
And along with that, some mass layoffs.
An email that went out from CEO Matt Furlong said that these reductions are to help the
company operate more nimbly while they pursue profitability through an intense owner's mentality.
I'm not sure totally what that means.
I'm assuming it's gaming culture and how you walk into GameStop now and it's like Funko
Pops shirt, things like that.
It's not just games like it used to be.
The first line of the email read, change will be a constant as we evolve our commerce business
and launch new products through our blockchain group.
Sorry.
Sorry.
It's so sad to see them like pivoting towards this considering what's going on in the crypto
space.
I was like, dude, do you not read the internet?
Do you not?
Do you not have phones?
Like what?
All right.
Yeah.
I'm sure.
I'm sure you'll be different, but while the layoffs seem to be mostly focused at the headquarters
in Texas, it's important to point out that some of the staff at Game Informer, which
of course is the magazine that's been around forever from GameStop, I'm surprised that's
still around.
Yeah.
But unfortunately, uh, the, some of that staff was laid off as well.
So who knows what that means for the future of the magazine?
Um, and that's always sad because, you know, I think a lot of us old timers sit there and
go, damn magazines used to be so cool.
And then we just, oh, you want to hire us.
Another one, another one.
I went, I went to a Barnes and Noble the other day.
Oh no.
And I walked over, I walked over.
Yeah.
Yeah.
They still exist.
Uh, they closed super early now.
Um, but I went over to, uh, the magazine section.
I was like, oh, I'm gonna like for gaming magazines.
Yep.
They weren't there.
They had, I think it may have like a retro magazine or something like that, the one import
from Europe, like a retro magazine from Europe, I think it's like, I thought that retro gamer
was over.
Oh, I used to get that.
Maybe it wasn't necessarily a retro gamer.
Like a lot of them aren't necessarily magazines like issue magazines.
A lot of them will do like, it's a retro gaming spectacular magazine where it like just covers
like retro games.
And it's like a one-off type thing.
So they'll have those.
Um, I did find it funny though that 2,600 still has a magazine coming out.
That's that's funny.
Um, but yeah, no, it was sad to see like no gaming magazines anymore.
So it is what it is.
Uh, interesting.
Bobby is talking about, uh, his trip to Minneapolis for summer games done quick and some of the
sightseeing around there.
Bobby in our chat says, when I visited the museum of consumerism in Minneapolis, better
known as the mall of America, uh, the GameStop was actually called GameStop pop culture.
So is that pop culture as in Funko pop culture, when's the, when's the dam going to burst
on those things?
Like, I feel like those things are everywhere and they're not going, you know, it's the
beanie babies that won't go away.
I guess so.
And look, I, before you all labeled me a hater, I'm not a hater.
Look, I have pop, I'm not going to reach up there, but I have pop figures that are
way up here.
I have my Mass Effect Andromeda ones up here, uh, uh, Sarah Ryder and Liam Costa are up
there.
Um, but like, so I, yeah, I do have some, but I, I still can't, my God, they're everywhere,
everywhere.
And actually, do you know what's in my office?
Do you know what's way cooler than any Funko pop I own?
The Spice Girls Legos I just got on my last trip to the Galleria last week.
Yeah, that's right.
I forgot those are coming out.
The Spice Girls Legos.
I I'm going to have to do this next week is, is too much for me at work to do it, but I
think maybe in two weeks I'll do a creative stream and I'll build those on stream.
I think that'll be fun.
So I'll tell you what I want, whatever they want.
It's more Spice Girls Legos.
That's for sure.
Actually, there's so many cool like Lego stuff now.
Like damn, like, like between the, cause when I was in the store, um, they had a Sonic
stuff.
They had all the Mario stuff.
I know there's a story coming up later on that Mario stuff.
I won't spoil it, but I think y'all know what I'm talking about.
There's that.
Like there's a lot of cool ass Lego stuff right now.
They keep, I keep seeing the question block and I'm like, yeah, it's so expensive.
I don't, I don't need it.
And I also see, I keep seeing the Queer Eye set.
I just don't like the television.
Oh yeah.
Queer Eye set.
It's um, they have that.
They have, they have a bunch of like TV shows.
They have Seinfeld, Friends, they had two Friends sets, uh, Queer Eye and well, way
back they had, uh, the big bang, big bang theory, but, um, yeah, there's a lot of sets
or I look every week, but like all the time I'm like, nope, nope.
I don't need that.
We never got our drag race Lego set even though it got the voting thing.
But anyway, yeah, it's licensing.
Well, they need to figure it out cause we need drag race.
Like, come on, we need the work room in a Lego set.
Come on.
They have a new one though.
That not Lego necessarily, but uh, Mega constructs has a new Pikachu that actually is, it has
a crank and it does the animation of running.
I was just saying, are they the Lego clone that have the Pokemon license?
Because we were all, they are.
Yeah.
I haven't, I hadn't been to the mall in a while and there's a lot of like, like Japanese
import type of stores now between like Daiso, Miniso and like other, like there were at
least two or three other like collectible stores like that, but they had a ton of like
Pokemon really.
I sent Shane a picture.
I was like, did you know these exist?
So I need to go to Miniso cause I've actually gotten really good storage saver stuff from
their site online.
Oh yeah.
Mega constructs also had Halo.
They also had destiny.
In fact, I still have a destiny.
It's like, I don't know what they call them.
I know in Lego terms, it's the, um, Oh gosh, it's the block heads.
It's like blocks on the, I don't know.
It's a little like kind of the Funko pop version of Lego characters.
I don't remember.
They call brickheads.
That's right.
And um, so whatever the mega constructs equivalent of that would be for destiny, I have one of
those.
Um, it was, these were all stuff.
I got it.
Um, but yeah, they have a lot of unique licenses.
Hot Wheels is one that they have right now.
They have like hot, big old Hot Wheels cars you can make, um, I don't know.
Very exciting stuff.
Yeah.
Anyway, my advice to GameStop, uh, more spice girls, less crypto, but as long as you keep
marching to this crypto thing, like rip, honestly, so, all right, moving on, uh, things to look
forward to Dark Sakura.
And those among those things is a game that's being remade.
And yes, everyone's like, yay, more remakes.
This one was a, I don't know, kind of a sleeper at first, a lollipop chainsaw.
There is going to be a rerelease for this in, uh, 2023.
It will have, uh, more, um, it actually is going to employ some of the previous staff
that worked on it and some newer staff and have quote more realistic and quote visuals.
It will have a new soundtrack because of licensing issues.
The big thing before that, um, is that, uh, there's a, uh, a quote on here from, uh, Yasuda
Yoshimi, who was the original games producer.
Um, unfortunately, various factors resulted in things making it so that fans can no longer
easily play lollipop chainsaw.
And it has been sometime since players have not been able to access the game on current
consoles.
In fact, this is absent, uh, from the Xbox backward compatibility list.
Um, the theory is it because of the music.
Um, so to continue the quote, um, we, the original development staff on lollipop chainsaw,
think of the game as very precious to us and did, and did not want to leave it in limbo
where players who want to play it cannot.
As such, we purchased the lollipop chainsaw intellectual properties from, uh, Kadokawa
games and decided to develop a remake.
Our goal is to make it easier for game, for games who want to play, I guess it means gamers
who want to play lollipop chainsaw to do so.
Please look forward to the games 2023 release.
So basically, uh, you play a underdressed cheerleader with her boyfriend's head attached
to her waist who kills somehow.
Yeah.
They're alive somehow and you chop them up.
It's weird.
As you should do to ex boyfriends.
Very mixed reviews on this game.
Yeah.
No, it wasn't her ex.
I think he was just like her love interest.
Oh, interesting.
Oh, okay.
Hmm.
Yeah.
I have to admit, I didn't really spend any time with it, but, um, I know it's kind of
a, uh, I guess cult classic could be the word thing you call it.
Yeah.
So, all right.
I'll, I'll have to see what this remakes all about when the trailer, uh, comes out.
Watch a play through of the game at some point.
You will just go, what did I watch?
What?
Uh, as soon as you went to Matt and chat says, yeah, James Gunn and Suda 51 said they only
found out about this a few weeks ago as these remake things tend to go sometimes.
Uh, and that's true of Hollywood as well as, you know, video games clearly.
So all right, well, uh, what is a new console that we won't be playing?
We won't be playing this remake on Loki.
So it's the newest scam console, the polium, a polium one.
It is bringing all of your favorite things in the gaming industry together.
Web 3.0 NFTs, the blockchain, and it's going to do amazing things like throw out specs
that it can't possibly hit.
It's going to be eight K, 120 FPS and ray tracing and it's going to, it's going to include
touch ID, which is somehow that's wholly owned by Apple.
So I don't know how that's possible, but it's, it's going to combine your wallets and it's
like somebody literally wrote every buzzword on a whiteboard and then said, okay, now put
that in a press release to raise funds.
Basically, yeah.
So they have like a roadmap and there's a bunch of other nonsense with it.
You have to buy, it's basically an elaborate rug pull is what it is because you have to
buy an NFT to like purchase the console.
But what's going to happen is you're going to buy all these NFTs and then they're going
to rug pull it and then you're stuck with NFTs that are worth nothing.
So keep it up.
But not only that, they came up with a very unoriginal logo, which sort of looks like
the GameCube logo.
It also ends up looking like logos for Pebble Host, which is a hosting company for the Minecraft
server I play on.
Exactly the same logo.
So yeah, just don't trust it.
It is, it is the 2022 Phantom or Amico, however you want to put that.
Well, I was going to say, which of these consoles are we more likely to see this web three console
or the Amico?
At this point?
You know, at this point, a console for me would be the one that's most likely to come
out is honestly like, I don't know.
I don't think any of this stuff's coming out.
There's only one way why YR could truly up his game.
Game console?
No.
Then we don't need a game console, especially like the stuff with the web three stuff that
they're talking about.
So what's it going to do?
It's going to run like HTML five games.
Like, why do I need a console for that?
Just do that through a PC.
Do that through your phone.
Like, why do I need a console for that?
What games are going to be on?
Oh, we're talking with people about getting games.
No, no, thank you.
Don't need.
Yeah, I have.
I will say this until I'm blue in the face.
Crypto games are going to be gar, budge, garbage until they ever are able to partner into an
existing franchise.
That is big.
Like I said, Pokemon.
You want to make NFTs popular?
Do you want people to talk about NFTs?
Do you want everybody to go fucking crazy about NFTs?
Get the Pokemon company on board until that happens.
It's it's like shovelware games are the types of games.
NFTs anyway.
Yeah.
So it's just, yeah.
Stop trying to make NFTs happen.
It's not happening.
And it just blows my mind again.
Again, it goes back to the ape NFT things where I'm like, what?
Why are that?
Why is that what you're trying to sell me NFTs with?
I mean, yikes.
Anyway, if you're going to make an NFT, make it pretty.
Questmaster in chat says, what titles are slated for this?
Repeats blockchain variants that can be built into games.
No, no, no.
Games can I look forward to?
It's not it's not there.
It's not there.
It's not there.
That's funny.
They say games.
I mean, because it's it's about it's about blockchain and the crypto and you know who
get in bed on with this.
It's a company that's just real ready to jump into the whole crypto space.
And they're looking for a new game console.
That'd be GameStop.
I was gonna say GameStop is going to back this.
There's saving grace.
It's going to happen.
Yeah.
Just like being extra failure.
No, you insert Funko Pops in order to power the console.
It just it shreds Funko Pops and feeds off their souls.
That's where you're wrong.
There's no souls in Funko Pops.
All right, moving on to a console that might get a little more love to help it play games
from an older console.
It's the PlayStation 5 and PlayStation 3 emulation.
And you might be saying, but Rob, the PlayStation 5 can already play PlayStation 3 games, but
only through the cloud.
That is how the the PlayStation Plus service and its new like, you know, old games library.
That's how it works.
It's all through the cloud for PS3, for PS1 and 2, you can download them, but for PS3,
it's all through the cloud.
However, apparently the eagle eyed folks over on the Reset Era forums found a new job
ad that is suggesting that Sony is getting an engineer to get PlayStation 3 emulation
existing on the PlayStation 5.
From the job posting said our software development engineer position works on the tools and technology
team at PlayStation Studios to support the newly relaunched classics for PS4 and PS5.
Classic games run via emulation of legacy PlayStation platforms.
As a classics engineer, you would work closely with a group of other engineers, producers
and QA teams to fix bugs, add new features and develop new emulators.
That's the part that's getting everybody up in arms because what's the only emulator they
still need a PlayStation 3 one.
So because it's not like this thing is going to emulate Super Nintendo.
I mean, that would be cool, but I mean, it takes a lot of that's literally the only other
system that Sony has.
I can't think of any other systems that they would need to emulate on the PlayStation.
The PSP data, the PSP must be the Vita.
What's that?
I don't think Sony knows what a Vita is now.
They clearly don't know they they they've tried to erase that from history and all of
our memories.
It's all about the back touch panel, because that's where we need the touch panel to be
on the backside of a console.
Um, let's see, um, in chat, Zen Monkey says, Please don't ruin the PS5 with PS3 nonsense.
Not seeing how that I mean, an extra feature is not going to take away from any existing
feature.
So I'd be curious about that.
I don't understand any logic in that, sorry.
And victoryman chat says, ahem, we need Vita.
Yeah, we do need Vita.
That's for sure.
Orange Wright says PS mobile clearly.
Oh, that's the one that's the one forgot about.
But that would be good because if we get PlayStation mobile, then that means we could have pixel
poops on the PlayStation five.
Because that that was the Vita's like arm of that was the PS mobile stuff on the Vita
shop, right?
Yeah, that was the kind of like, you know, you can make your own you can self published on
the PlayStation Store type thing.
Yeah, I'll be curious to see what happens to that.
All right, let's go to our next story.
Oh, by the way, Zen Monkey did follow up with a comment saying resources spent on old crap
slows down work on the new stuff.
I do understand that whole there's only so many pieces of the pie to go around.
But remember, this story is coming from a new job posting.
So it is possible Sony is adding the resources to deal with this to not take away from
anything else. I think that's worth considering.
So but anyhow, let's shift gears here.
This is kind of more of a special interest story, but I think this is neat.
Dark Sakura.
So, well, I think it's also kind of interesting that this is a government thing, but the
State Department has been pushing for a diplomacy program for game design.
So it did its first school last last month, that would be in June, 450 students from
across U.S., Israel, United Arab Emirates and Bahrain did a 10 week program called the
Game Exchange and completed a total of 170 new video games that were based off of the
United Nations Sustainable Development Goals.
So if you're unfamiliar with what those goals are, they're also called the Global Goals
adopted by the UN in 2015 as a call to action to end poverty, protect the planet and
ensure that by 2030, all people enjoy peace and prosperity.
So there's many different things that that involves.
But going back to this, basically the participants were in up to three video
conference calls with their international compatriots there, and they were at a sister
school that was in addition to seven or eight sessions.
So a total between 20 to 25 hours among themselves.
So the teachers also involved in that were paid to help navigate through the game
development process. So the goal is to foster long term relations while teaching
them how to make games.
So the Game Exchange received a grant from the Stevens Initiative, which is funded by
the U.S. State Department and the Bezos Family Foundation.
Yeah, Bezos.
That is Jackie Bezos, the president and co-founder of the Bezos Family Foundation, who
is Jeff Bezos' mother, who also owns The Washington Post.
At any rate, they want to double the number of students next year.
They're still working on a quantitative analysis of the program, but they think that
this is going to be a really good way to facilitate person to person diplomacy on
issues like climate change, gender equity and food security, especially among the
younger generation. The acting deputy assistant secretary for professional and
cultural exchanges for the U.S.
Department of State, that's Chris Minor, is quoted saying the virtual exchange is the
beginning of what we hope to be a lasting relationship that moves beyond gaming.
Students were really positive on it.
They wanted more opportunities to interact with other students and go abroad during the
program. And there's a couple of people like a 16-year-old who said that they'd never
met someone outside of the country except from Canada.
And she was interested in it because she had been a Fortnite player after the pandemic
started and wanted to make her own games.
But she said that she wasn't sure that the cross-cultural aspect was going to work.
And then it changed when one of the Israeli students said, shit.
And then they're like, oh, you talk like we do.
All right, we're all we're all kids.
We all kind of deal with the same stuff.
And I don't know, just took one little thing, but everyone's like, yeah, we're on this
same the same wavelength on here.
So is this about diplomacy through video games or just diplomacy through bad words?
I don't know, but it was the getting together and trying something new.
But they also learned a lot about the background of game development and about the
background of each other.
One of one of the Israeli students was basically like he wanted to connect with
American kids through gaming and sports and music.
He said he's a fan of basketball.
He was a fan of the Detroit Pistons and he knows the Kiss song, Detroit Rock City.
And other than that, he didn't have any expectations about the Detroit students, but
they worked together and had fun.
I think that's good.
Yeah, I think it's neat.
You know, it's, you know, the thing that isn't so explicitly pointed out by this article
is that video games are art and it's it's people bonding.
And it's it's, you know, the world coming together through art and being able to speak
that common language.
And I think that's really neat.
Well, actually, that is sort of mentioned in there is that they the big thing was they
wanted to create the games and share the culture and that the culture was the bonding
point and that that would help them build the friendships with other people in the world.
Well, I mean, best of best of luck to them in their development efforts and so forth, I
look forward to seeing, you know, what they what they all come up with when they put their
heads together. So it's already happened.
So we'll see what next year brings.
Cool. All right.
Let's move on, Loki.
With a follow up of sorts.
Yes. So you may remember that EA made some really stupid tweets the other week was the
other week. Geez, I don't even know it anymore.
It was June 30th.
OK, so, yeah, I was about two weeks ago, a week and a half talking about single player
games and how like there are there are 10, but only like playing single player games.
And everyone's like, you've killed so many single player games, you jerks.
And so apparently because of that, you know, devs are angry at them and it's also caused
roundtable meetings with staff kind of saying, what the hell are you doing?
Stupid. You know, basically they said the most agreed on idea was to take responsibility
for it and apologize.
However, instead, they decided to post, you know, roast.
Well deserved. We'll take the L because playing single player games actually makes them an
11. God, that's so cringe.
Like, stop.
Just don't pretend.
Just say, you know what?
Sorry. Yeah, we understand how you may have taken offense to that.
I have done.
Hello, fellow teenagers.
I have better advice.
Delete your account.
That's my advice. Delete your account.
They're saying that a lot of the folks that are running the EA like social network, they said
they're I'm not I'm not or I'm 99 percent sure that the person who posted the tweet and their
manager don't even know about single player games comment from a decade ago.
It says also that the source of further sources are saying that the staff were in a Twitter
account are all new and most of them aren't really game industry people and likely had no idea
about EA's long, bad history with single player games.
Congrats.
You played yourself.
I I don't even know what else to say like that.
Just what a bad fucking decision from the very top that was.
And I that's stop trying to place the blame on somebody who is trying to come in and do their
job. You know, you wanted to hire somebody new with not a lot of gaming background because they
were cheap. Who is would hop on these trends?
You know what? They did what they were asked to do.
You made the mistake of and did I hear that they were like naughty, like they were an outsource
company potentially, too. They weren't even EA employees.
I don't even know. But like, like, why even tweet that in the first place?
There are 10, but they only like playing it was a stupid Twitter trend that was going on.
I understand that.
But like, do we need corporations to get in on Twitter trends?
Really ask RadioShack or RadioShack isn't really RadioShack anymore.
Wendy's.
I'll give you Wendy's.
But yeah.
Okay.
DJ Rama says it was an outsize company.
That's again, like I said, it's completely then you played yourself and these executives got
exactly what they deserved.
Period.
Have some good advice to them.
Don't delete your account.
That's my advice.
Just just don't don't do anything.
Just let it don't even delete it.
Just let it sit fallow.
Let it decompose.
I don't know. Just don't don't anymore.
As Joe 100 Matt says, if it was a third party contractor sending this out, shouldn't you as the
company approved said copy?
A very, very excellent point.
Not if they don't care.
That's what we hired them for.
Let them do it.
Yeah.
All right.
This is our next story.
This is some people's worst nightmare when it comes to digital content.
And it's just coming true.
And this has to do with PlayStation.
But I will stress this is not in the US.
This is happening overseas.
It's the German and Austrian versions of PSN have lost movies from Studio Canal or I should say
they will be removed on August 31st.
But here's the thing.
It doesn't just apply to 100 films that were available for purchase on the PlayStation Store.
But if you previously purchased this, you can no longer access the film after August 31st.
And there's a lot of like big movies that are a part of this.
If I were to actually go to a list of all of them, all dogs go to heaven.
Well, your PlayStation is not going.
Oh, the Blair Witch.
Wow.
Let's see.
It was because I see the picture on this site is this is Spinal Tap.
So but, you know, all of the Hunger Games are in there and so on and so on.
There's a lot of movies that are affected by this.
Yeah, this is kind of crappy because this is why people don't want to buy their stuff digitally.
I'm not sure.
I mean, again, this is in Germany, Austria, so it doesn't affect the US.
But I'm sitting here going, how is this legal?
Like, aren't they just asking to get sued over this?
The consumer doesn't give a fuck about the licensing, but they're going to say, like, I paid for something and you took it away and you didn't give a refund because we haven't heard anything about refunds yet.
So it's yeah.
So anyway, we're only talking about a certain type of content in two countries, but it's still a precedent.
I mean, it's two countries.
It's no small, you know, thing.
But it's still like, hey, why is the publisher allowed to even remove access in the first place?
And I think this is going to get ugly.
And I know you shouldn't read that.
I wonder what's in the user agreement.
You know, it's funny, I shouldn't read the comments, but I'm going to.
And there's actually a meme here.
Hold on. I'm going to show this on stream because it's just too funny.
But on this site that I'm looking at here, it has this meme.
You can always pirate digital media.
It's always morally correct.
And that you know what, as as much as that's a meme and stuff, I think that is exactly where a lot of people are going to go.
With this, for sure.
Yeah, no.
DJ Rama S in chat says, remember, you only own a license to view the material, not own it.
I still think when you tick off the user base and there's lawsuits, but again, I can't profess to sit here and
go, I know what the recourse is in Germany and Austria.
But I also now go, you know what, when people are like, hell, no, I don't want a digital PlayStation 5 or no, I don't want my games digitally.
I still want games on disk.
Can you blame them when you see a story like this?
Can you blame people that want to go that route?
Because I sure don't.
So anyway.
Let's take a trip back to a time when there wasn't digital only versions of stuff.
Digital was only possible through a 9600 baud modem in our next segment.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
And what did you pick for the game this week, Dark Sakura?
Ikaruga.
Wow, this has never been done before.
I'm always shocked at the games that somehow have not made it to the classic game of the week yet.
And this is one of them.
So Ikaruga is a shoot-em-up that was developed by Treasure, and it is the spiritual successor to a radiant silver gun that came out in 1998.
This was originally released in Japanese arcades in December of 2001, where you play a pilot named Shinra as he battles an enemy nation using a specially designed fighter called the Ikaruga that can flip between polarities from black to white.
The polarity is really the foundation of the game.
So all of the enemies and bullets are either black or white.
The bullets of the same color as the player are absorbed while the others will hurt you.
So you can actually switch between the both.
And the game has both single and co-op mode.
A little bit about its development is that the director had been working on some things.
By the way, that's Iuchi Hiroshi, but he'd been working on the game during off hours when Treasure was making Sin and Punishment in 2000.
It began as a direct sequel to Radiant Silver Gun and had the polarity mechanism from Silhouette Mirage from 1997.
The prototype had limited ammo.
The bullet absorption was meant to refill ammo, but they found it weak since it caused breaks in the action.
And also Treasure has a very specific game design philosophy.
And Ikaruga was intentionally built to challenge the conventions of standard game design and develop a new type of shooting game.
So altogether, five of the staff at Treasure worked on Ikaruga and then three of the support staff from G-Rev.
So when it was released in Japanese arcades, it really had a mixed reaction.
It was new, it was different.
People were like, we don't like different stuff.
But, you know, it was a little bit more like a puzzle where you could dodge those bullets or absorb the bullets.
It did get a port to the Dreamcast in 2002, which I have.
And then it started developing a following from import gamers, especially the people who probably couldn't afford Radiant Silver Gun,
like somebody talking on this microphone sitting in this chair right now.
It did get a later release in the West in 2003 on GameCube and had very positive reviews.
It was praised for graphics and the art and the sound design.
People's biggest problem with it was its difficulty, but they all thought that the game design was really innovative
and that it just basically, you know, kicked other shooter games kind of on its side.
So, of course, it was ported to the Xbox 360, to Windows, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4.
And now in retrospect, this game was considered to be one of the best shoot-em-ups and one of Treasure's best games.
So a little bit more about the gameplay.
It is vertically scrolling.
You can either play single or two-player co-op.
And so when you see a burst of bullets of a certain color, you can switch to that color of bullet to absorb,
but you have to shoot with the opposite color one.
Now, Fifth Stream is talking about turning your TV on the side.
You can get monitors that swivel.
And I have to check my Dreamcast version, but I think that it did support vertical mode.
But the home ports also had additional gameplay modes.
You could have practice from single stages that you've already unlocked at normal or slow speed.
There's a challenge mode that logs your score in comparison to others worldwide.
And then if conditions are met, there's a prototype mode which limits your bullets and you have to replace your bullets by absorbing other bullets to refill your ammo.
And then there's an alternative way called Bullet Eater, where you do not fire any shots and navigate through the game by absorbing bullets.
So with the development of it, it was self-funded and self-published.
It was worked on at home and the prototype was made between Iichi Hiroshi and Nakagawa Atsutomo.
And they borrowed elements from their own other games, and as far as the defense system, that was inspired by Shinrei Jusatsuchi Tadomaru that came out on Sega Saturn.
Some sprites were reused from Radiant Silver Gun to do the prototype quickly, and then they brought it up for testing and finally implemented the final system.
So it is considered a spiritual sequel.
Radiant Silver Gun was supposed to be a trilogy, and so Ikaruga was supposed to be the direct sequel.
And it was codenamed Project RS2, as in Radiant Silver Gun 2, where the concept for Radiant Silver Gun was a world for Ikaruga, it was will.
And so they really wanted to just push the limits and change things.
But after a while, it sort of became its own creature.
It was targeted to Treasure's core fan base, so they were really looking for what Treasure fans wanted, not necessarily a broader market.
And the NAOMI version was actually bug checked on a Dreamcast, so doing the port was really easy.
So it was released in arcades on December 20th, 2001, and the Dreamcast port was exclusively sold in Japan starting September 5th, 2002.
And lots of people imported it. I imported it. That game was great.
It was published for GameCube in Japan under the Atari label.
Sorry, Infogrames did that release on January 16th, 2003.
And then later on it came out in the US and Europe on GameCube.
And it was because of that import fan base that it saw really big success on the GameCube.
So Microsoft released it for Xbox Live for Xbox 360 on April 9th, 2008, with new leaderboards, achievements, and recording and replaying your playthroughs.
Treasure released Ikaruga on the Nesic Axe Live, which is an arcade distribution platform, on August 8th, 2013.
And then Treasure put it on Steam Greenlight for Windows.
And then it came out on Steam on February 18th, 2014, published by Nichols for Nintendo Switch on May 29th, 2018.
It also supported horizontal and vertical screen orientation.
June 2018, it came on PlayStation 4, November 22nd, 2019.
There were physical copies in production for the Switch and the PlayStation 4.
It was, I mean, this game got some pretty hardcore great reviews.
It was considered innovative, clever, and unique.
The difficulty was a plus for some, a minus for others.
So the Dreamcast version for GameSpot and Dorimaga were about an 8.5 out of 10.
The GameCube versions, Famitsu gave it a 36 out of 40, which is pretty damn good.
Nintendo Life gave it a 9 out of 10.
Metacritic gave it an 85 out of 100.
So it was an amazing seller.
The Dreamcast and GameCube versions sold 33,860 physical units in Japan.
Xbox Live Arcade sold 137,088 digital units as of 2011.
And the PC version on Steam sold 128,543 digital units as of July 1st, 2018.
And there you go.
I agree with Questbuster in chat who says it's such a beautiful game too.
Treasures creativity really shines through.
It is, but I gotta be honest, like this game is very hard for me to play.
Like I have a hard time wrapping my head around the polarity mechanic.
Like it's just, it's a lot to manage, you know, but yeah, like watching this video
that we're seeing live on Twitch of somebody doing now,
I think this is some type of record run, but still I'm just like,
oh my gosh, there's just so much going on in the game.
Seeing this game beaten in person.
Yeah, yeah.
With an almost perfect playthrough.
Or when they do the bullet eater modes, that's always fun.
Yeah.
The bullet eater mode is ridiculous.
But I mean, this game is just so beautiful.
I mean, there's times where, you know, I'll come in and Dan was napping on the couch
with a playthrough of Ikaruga in the background to listen to the soundtrack.
But it's so beautiful.
And for a game that came out in 2001.
So we're talking about a game that's 21 years old as of December.
This game still stands up graphically and by artistry and by music.
It's really, really timeless.
I say it's timeless.
It's a true classic.
And again, why I kind of joked at the beginning there,
sometimes we have games in this segment where it's like, really?
We haven't done that before?
But no, we just we just talk about it a lot,
but never officially as a classic game of the week.
But now that has been remedied.
It is.
It's just a perfect game.
Yeah.
All right.
That's what I call a perfect game.
Ikaruga, the classic game of the week.
Need we say more?
All right.
We're going to travel around and check out some news quickly
in a segment called Rapid Fire News.
And Loki, we'll start with you.
I keep telling myself I don't need things like this
because I have no place to put them.
But good luck.
Nintendo and Lego have partnered again to create a new Lego thing.
And this time it is King Koopa.
So you can get a very large scale Koopa creation.
They call it the Mighty Bowser.
That's what it is.
It's going to be in stores October 1st
for two hundred and sixty nine ninety nine.
Too expensive.
I'm not paying three hundred dollars.
I'm not paying three hundred dollars for that.
Sorry.
I love Legos.
I love doing all that stuff, but no.
You know what?
I came damn close to buying before I bought the Spice Girls thing,
which was only like maybe 40 bucks, which Spice Girls are priceless.
I'll pay whatever for that.
But the which also.
OK, a second tangent.
Do you know how like there's that whole generation that a lot of us fit into,
which is like somewhere between the geriatric millennial
and the young Gen X that is often called like the Oregon Trail generation
or Zillennial, I think is the other one.
I heard that called the other day the Spice Girls generation.
And I was like, that's what I want.
That's me.
Yes.
Use that one referring to my people.
But anyway, not me.
Well, humbug.
Anyway, like I was in the radio head,
but in all seriousness, I did not realize you could still get the Lego
NES with the the rolling TV and that stuff.
I thought that was like a limited edition thing, but they still had it at the store.
So I really wanted to get that.
I still might.
I don't know.
We'll see.
But they passed.
So there's there's buttons on this thing where you can puppet him
to make him move around and shoot fireballs.
I may have to get this.
Just say it's for the kids.
Say it's for the kids.
Who's going to actually believe that, Rob?
No one's going to believe that.
All right.
What else you got?
And then, of course, this is kind of funny.
So there was an Xbox live stream that was shown on Twitch.
And apparently during the clip.
It's it was it was saying that, oh,
my acting coach actually is the voice of She-Hulk,
and I won't say her name because I don't know if that's public knowledge yet.
I think it is if it was announced.
And then unfortunately, the lead designer is like, nope, we never announced She-Hulk.
We don't announce things on these live streams.
So unfortunately, it's been rumored that She-Hulk is coming to the Marvel's Avengers game.
Looks like that's going to be.
She's awesome.
Probably if I were to guess, because they've been releasing characters in certain cadence.
There is a Marvel She-Hulk show that's starting in August, right?
I mean, it's probably going to be when that comes out.
That's a pretty good guess.
It's a pretty safe wager there.
But you know what?
Hosting live is hard.
And sometimes I can speak with some authority on that.
And you know what?
Sometimes, now granted, I don't host stuff where I have NDAs in the back of my head,
but I can see where somebody makes some mistakes.
I actually feel sorry for the host, you know, even though it makes a moment that goes viral.
That's not the thing you want to go viral for.
It's just a bummer.
So I hope she doesn't get reprimanded or anything.
It's just unfortunate.
So, all right.
Dark Soccer, you have something.
I do.
So, for fans of The Matrix, The Matrix Awakens will be delisted this week.
Because the Unreal Engine 5 experience will be leaving the digital consoles on July 9th.
If you have it, then you can still use it.
You can kind of like how the PT was.
But if you don't get it by yesterday, there's no getting it again.
Which I forgot to do. I'm really mad at myself.
It's fine.
I know.
But maybe someone will put out a clone or something.
Maybe, maybe.
Yeah, but at any rate, you know, there's always the internet.
You can always watch it online.
True.
All right, well, I also have one quick story for you.
And it's something that Jason mentioned in the intro to the show tonight.
And he said this made him smile.
And yeah, this made me smile really big, too.
And it makes me want to pay attention to this console that admittedly I'm not paying enough attention to.
It's a great console.
You've got my attention, that's for sure.
And that is Evercade.
And their C64 collection that's coming out.
Fourteen classic games from the Commodore 64.
Including summer games, winter games, Impossible Mission, Jumpman, so like all the epic necessities.
I love Jumpman.
I love Jumpman.
Gateway to ASFI, the Movie Monster game, which I don't see that one in collections a lot.
Storm Lord, Battle Valley, Alley Cat.
I know I played that one when I was younger.
Street Sports Baseball, because you have to have a sports game in there.
And so on and so on.
I got to say, this collection looks awesome.
Now, of course, the mini Commodore 64 has 30 games on it, and this only has 14.
But it's a pretty solid list of 14 games.
And they do label it the C64 Collection 1, which indicates there will be more in the future.
But I think this is pretty cool.
And I got to say, I'm kind of interested in picking up an Evercade.
And I don't know a lot about it, but it's because it's mostly...
They're made in Europe, right?
So they're not exactly on the shelves here, right?
Yeah, they're...
I don't know if I've ever seen them on the shelves, but they have like a ton of stuff in there.
Yeah, they have a ton of Atari stuff, and they have a lot of cartridges.
I wish I could get involved with some of this, but there's a lot of Nest Maker game collections that are on there.
There's a lot of stuff, and plus they have a handheld console, and then they have the actual physical console that's in a TV.
What's kind of cool about the TV consoles is you can actually have two of your cartridges loaded in there at the same time.
So you can play a bunch of games on there.
But yeah, it's a pretty solid console, I think, with all the different things coming out.
Speaking of which, I know there's a new Commodore 64 mini console coming out, but it's more of a computer that they're charging like $500 for.
Yeah, it's kind of like what the Atari VCS thing, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's like a nice shell, but this is pretty cool to see this kind of stuff.
Did they say California games? Oh, summer games?
No, summer games and winter games.
So it's missing summer games too, and it's missing California games.
Well, that's probably where number two is going to be.
Exactly. So just so we're clear, some of the stuff that's on the Evercade.
Evercade has right now 27 cartridges for consoles.
And what's kind of cool about it, I mean, you start with like the Atari collection, the Namco collection, right?
But then you start to really get the Atari Lynx collection is available, one and two.
The Codemasters collection, there's an Intellivision collection, the Gremlin collection, which I think is kind of cool.
And then they have some arcade stuff too.
So there's, yeah, it's pretty cool.
And now they're getting into this computer cartridge collection.
So with the C64 collection, I'm sure there'll be more.
There'll have to be more.
Yeah, I don't know where locally I can get an Evercade, but those are pretty cool looking.
Yeah, that's pretty neat.
It definitely has my attention. I might have to pick some of that up.
I love the fact that there's like a TV console and a handheld one and the cartridges kind of work on both.
It's pretty cool.
All right, let's travel around the world and check out some new games you can check out this week.
Well, maybe some repackaging and remasters too.
But let's check out the world release date, starting with the US with Loki.
Yes, so I can't imagine there's a whole lot coming out in July, which is typically the case.
We've got Fist, Forged in Shadow Torch.
That is coming out on Nintendo Switch.
Garden Story on Xbox One and Xbox Series.
Hella Point.
Oh, I'm sorry, that's Hell Point.
That's on PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series.
Kroot, the Mythic Wings.
That's on PC, Mac, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
Monument Valley Panoramic Edition on PC.
And same with that, Monument Valley 2, the Panoramic Edition, also on PC.
And then Time on Frog Island on PC, Nintendo Switch.
PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series.
I don't believe this is a sequel to Frog Fractions, unfortunately.
Loopmancer on PC.
Rune Factory 5, also on PC.
Tales of Biston on PC and Xbox One.
Okay, I guess there's everything coming out this week.
You know, normally July is pretty light.
Azure Strikers Gunvolt 2 on Xbox One, Xbox Series.
What is this title?
Let's see, Chickip Dancers.
Nori Nori Dance de Kokoro Mo Otoro.
And that's on Nintendo Switch.
Escape Academy on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series.
Eyes in the Dark, The Curious Case of One Victoria Bloom on PC.
G-Mode Archives Plus, Megami Tensei Gaiden, Shinyaku Last Bible on Nintendo Switch.
Mothman 1966 on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
The most exciting release of the week, Powerwash Simulator.
I'm guessing we're finally hitting 1.0 or something like that.
That's on PC, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
Game Pass for that one.
Yep, Game Pass.
Worth Life on Nintendo Switch.
Dread Out 2 on Xbox One, Xbox Series.
And last but not least, The Future You've Been Dreaming Of on PC.
It's a simulation game.
Fun.
All right, we're going to Japan.
It's not quite as crowded as Loki's US list,
but we do have some of the crossovers on the Nintendo Switch in Japan this week.
We had that same Chik-Kip Dancers, which that sounded like a Japanese release anyway.
But yeah, that same release is on the Switch in Japan on the 14th,
as is Bokuura no Kishigomu Otoshi Shingake.
Plus, All Seasons in Joy set is also on the Switch this week.
I think it's a collection of games.
It looks like curling and hockey and a bunch of mini sports games,
maybe played in a school yard type of thing.
Wreckfest is also out on the Switch this week in Japan.
Going to the PlayStation 5, Outward is the big release this week on the PlayStation 5,
and that is the Definitive Edition that is releasing in Japan this week.
Let's go to the UK, Dark Sakura.
All on the 15th for PlayStation, Xbox, and Switch,
DC League of Super Pets, Adventure of Crypto and Ace,
and then Ultra Age on PlayStation and Switch, and that is it.
All right. We have a few more stories for you,
and then we will get to the listener roundtable,
where we'll be taking your calls in our green room,
as well as your emails.
Participate at orangelauntrader.com is the place to email us.
Let's get to this next story, which...
Just get to it, Loki, while I sigh.
Yeah, so before we get to that,
I wanted to mention the United States Best Buy carries the advocate.
Oh, really?
So that might be worth checking out.
That's some good news.
Yes, that's some good news.
Not good news, unfortunately,
is apparently there's been some misunderstandings.
Apparently, the Prime Minister of Japan,
Shinzo Abe, has been assassinated,
and in Greece, apparently, some news station identified,
or showed a picture of Hideo Kojima as the assassin.
Now, I don't think that's correct.
It is not correct. Let's be clear.
Obviously.
And so they've been kind of, you know,
spreading this misinformation for a while.
So now that that's, you know, come out,
obviously, Hideo Kojima is like,
no, I'm not the assassin,
and then also, I'm going to sue you
if you keep, you know, posting my photo
and saying I'm the assassin.
Good for him.
So, you know, he's not going to tolerate such libel.
Good.
And unfortunately, and I'm going to fully admit,
I don't know how true this is,
but I have seen this happen in the past
where 4chan and those sites,
that whole part of the internet,
pushes this fake agenda on these sites
that don't know how to do their research.
Stop getting your news from 4chan, period.
For sure.
But that's why it's not funny.
Like this is, it's racist, quite frankly,
you know, that, you know,
that Kojima gets the pin because, you know,
they don't know how to do their research
and this whole stuff.
It's just, it's disgusting.
And it's not funny,
but it's a part of gaming culture, unfortunately,
because who else would think it's funny
to misidentify Hideo Kojima as the shooter?
That was a gamer that did that.
So, but I say gamer in parentheses
because not in my circle.
You're not allowed to be a gamer.
I don't want to be a gamer if you're a gamer, quite frankly.
Mike Defton Chat says Kojima should sue.
Honestly, he should,
because this happens to people
who don't have the resources to sue sometimes.
And I wish Kojima would sue
and make an example out of it, quite frankly.
Yeah.
Dark to see it pointed out Kojima Productions
had to go so far as to put out a tweet about it.
I guess it's gross.
So, and obviously that whole situation-
It just can't with people.
Yeah, it's just, yeah.
Anyway, Questbuster says the politician
behind the information retracted it and apologized,
but the damage was done.
Yeah, I mean, once on the internet,
always on the internet,
and it's like, do your fucking research.
Don't just blast it first.
I mean, what are you, TMZ?
I mean, maybe this was the Greek version of TMZ.
I don't know,
but I guess if they can jump to conclusions, so can I.
So, I'll just say it was the Greek version of TMZ.
All right.
TMZ is such garbage too.
Yeah, but it's the exact same thing.
They'll just publish something
and not caring about the resource
or not caring about the recourse
and just to get the clicks
if they just believe it to be true.
They don't care who they hurt in the interim
as long as they get their money.
And they'll pay people to violate HIPAA
to give them the inside scoop on what's going on
at Cedars-Sinai Hospital in Hollywood.
So, it's crazy.
All right, let's move on back to actual gaming news
for actual gamers, Dark Sakura.
Oh.
Xbox 360 games will no longer be a part
of the Games with Gold starting in October.
They will stop providing monthly free Xbox 360 games.
They've already sent out emails to Xbox Live subscribers,
and Microsoft said that it will continue
to give out free Xbox One games going forward.
So, yeah, bye.
Yeah, I mean, it's one of those things where it's like,
ah, bummer, but at the same time, it's like,
okay, this is the equivalent of PlayStation 3 games
still coming out for free every month.
And it's kind of like, I think the ship has now sailed
everything that is willing to be given away as part of that.
I shouldn't say given away because they do-
Well, they said they hit their limit.
Yeah, exactly, they hit their limit.
That's what it is, that the well is dry
and there is nothing else that they,
and I'm sure people still have plenty of games
they'd like to see, but the reality is they have
to pay money to get that on the service to give it away.
And there's no more agreements to be had
in the Xbox 360 space.
I'm kind of surprised they're still moving forward
with Xbox One for a little while,
but I guess that's the equivalent of PS4
and we still see new games coming out at that level.
So that'll probably still be for a while.
Yeah, that one is understandable.
Yeah.
Dr. Seuss says, I don't know if I'm misremembering,
but didn't they say you could just keep the 360 games
you did claim even if gold lapses?
Yes, because it was a limitation of the Xbox 360 system,
didn't check for that stuff.
They built it into the Xbox One and later.
So when you claim Xbox 360 games, essentially,
you don't claim them the same way either.
They kind of come through a different storefront,
but long story short, you're claiming those to your account
forever because the 360 games don't ping the server
to make sure they're still valid.
It wasn't something Microsoft had built in at the time,
but it's there now.
So, all right.
Bonstable06 says, my Game Pass expired last week
and I'm not in a rush to renew it.
Well, keep in mind, Games with Gold and Game Pass,
they are different.
For some reason, they're still different, but they are.
For now.
Unless you had Games Pass Ultimate
because Games Pass Ultimate includes
the Games with Gold and all that.
So do keep that in mind is that there is a difference
between this and Game Pass, which I know,
believe me, I think it's weird too.
They should just unify it already, but whatever.
All right, moving on.
I think about whatever is a common parlance these days.
Yeah.
All right, moving on, Lucky.
It's another bundle.
It's another itch.io bundle.
So of course, because we live in a world
where horrible things keep happening,
we're at least going to try to support people
the best way we can because we can't stop
the horrible things from happening.
In this case, in light of the Supreme Court's decision
to overturn Roe v. Wade,
there has been some fundraising done by
Caro Asserton,
who has put together a itch.io bundle
with lots of games.
I'm not sure on the exact number, but for $10.
700 creators.
So yeah, it's the indie bundle for abortion funds.
Yeah, 750 games, 600 creators,
$3,000 value for $10.
At least $10.
You're always welcome to get more money for the cause, yeah.
And I'm glad to hear that it's going to the abortion funds
because that's really where the money is needed right now.
I'll admit Planned Parenthood gets a lot of donations already,
but your local abortion funds need it more.
Yeah, so it's lots of games.
I have so many games on itch.io now,
I don't even know where to begin.
Time to start a new YouTube series.
There's so many.
Call it The Backlog.
Oh God, that could last forever.
Honestly, just The Backlog and Steam is enough to have a backlog.
Oh, trust me. Trust me.
I know. I'm sure anybody listening to the show feels there.
But at the end of the day, keep the focus not on building your backlog,
but the good cause and everything.
And it's always nice to see the gaming community and gaming creators
and indie creators really coming together for a necessary cause.
What shouldn't have to be, but is necessary in this day and age.
Yeah, I really need to pay attention to the forums on itch.io
to get my game more of these bundles.
I keep forgetting to do that.
And it's like, oh man, I would have done that.
But fine.
All right.
This last story tonight is very much a what type of story.
But I want to talk about it as somebody who is a fan of this game
and plays an awful lot of it.
Even if I don't say it in my gaming week every week,
chances are I probably played some Final Fantasy 14.
And you are probably seeing a bunch of stuff going on online
about a billboard that was recently spotted.
Yeah, this is the deal.
This was actually like an in-game group that decided to buy real life,
not in-game billboards, real life billboards
for an event that was going to be happening in Rain Nightclub.
Here's the thing.
The player housing in Final Fantasy 14,
people have gotten very creative with it.
And yeah, people run full on nightclubs in these things.
And they'll put up a Twitch stream
and they'll have like actual DJs DJing live
while characters are dancing in the housing.
And it's a thing.
And it's a thing that's gotten to this level
where we're advertising it in the real world.
So it was a, and hold on,
I got to see if I can get a picture of this billboard.
At least for those that are watching live on Twitch,
you can actually see what this looked like.
If you have, I'm sure many of you have come across this already,
but it's the Summer Bash.
And you can see it says the name of the nightclub in there.
It tells you what the Discord is.
It even says, and this would make sense
to nobody who doesn't play the game,
but it actually says we're on the Crystal Balmung server,
Ward 23, Plot 5 in Myst.
And the other interesting thing is it uses trademark stuff
like the official Final Fantasy 14 logo.
And as I understand it, this is like a Viera hairstyle
that isn't even in the game right now.
So it's like hacked out or something
to show up on this billboard.
But my, I mean, it's like the fandom has hit that level.
Two of them apparently went up in Texas
where there, I had heard rumors
they were supposed to be going up in California as well,
but I think things started,
as this got more and more coverage,
I think it kind of got pulled back a little bit there.
So-
Fandom's gonna fandom.
Yeah.
Also, by the way, Reign Nightclub apparently
also has advertised in the past,
erotic role play, ERP, if that's your thing.
And I'm not here to yuck somebody's yum,
but I mean, you don't have to put it on a billboard either,
but go off, I guess.
Show everybody that disposable income you've got right now.
So, wow.
Anyway, no word yet as to how Square Enix
may or may not be involved in this.
I don't know.
Anyway, apparently-
Oh, God.
Because you want to see how the internet does things here?
Let me see.
There's this tweet.
Reporting live-
Hold on.
Reporting live at the Free Company house
responsible for the Final Fantasy XIV billboard,
we have tanks shooting directly at the house
and Shiba's barking loudly,
and there's everybody with their tanks.
Why is there tanks in the game?
It's a mount of some sort that you can get at some point.
But the best part is,
was it the Habbo Hotel stuff?
That's a throwback to an inappropriate meme.
They have all been on Fat Chocobos.
That is, yeah, that's quite a throwback.
Fat Chocobos is the best mount.
I mean, we've been doing this for over 20 years,
and very few times on this show am I rendered speechless
where I'm like,
This is the internet.
What else?
What else is there to say?
I just think it's important to say,
please know if you've never played Final Fantasy XIV,
there is much more to the game than this.
This is just people doing what people do on the internet.
This is not the whole and the entirety of Final Fantasy XIV.
This is just people doing what people do on the internet.
This is not the whole and the entirety of Final Fantasy XIV.
Please, please don't believe all that.
Anyway.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says,
The Discord post from them was amazing,
wanting to sue people for doing emote reactions.
You bought a billboard in real life.
You took the game to a real life space.
What in the actual fuck did you think was going to happen?
But people would notice.
Some people.
Oh, we're going to advertise for this thing,
but not to you.
Don't do this.
In Texas.
In Texas.
Everything's bigger in Texas.
All right.
We're going to open up this.
Including the pains in the ass?
The Discord server to your calls in the green room
over at vognetwork.com slash Discord.
And hey, I would encourage you to join the Discord
just to talk with us throughout the week
about all sorts of stories and things that get posted in there.
We have a call on the line.
I'm pretty sure I know exactly what this guy wants to talk about.
And it's always a pleasure to welcome into the show.
So let's get to our first call tonight.
Hi, you are on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Oh, he was on Orange Launch Radio.
Let's try it again.
He dropped into the other channel.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Let's try again.
Who's this?
I hope that this works
because it is the one and only Ranma
and I've been having some PC issues lately.
But I would like to say to my brothers and sisters
from another mother.
Oh, we got to talk about this RePop shit real quick.
You sure do.
I don't know why I lost Loki's picture,
but while I try to get that back,
why don't you tell us what's on your mind?
It's all about the almighty dollar.
And I'll say this.
When RePop rolled in with New York Comic Con,
it was great.
It was fun.
I used to do coverage for that convention
because they wanted press outlets.
They wanted podcasters.
They want everybody to talk about this convention left and right.
And I did it for a few years.
I am already feeling the familiarity of this story.
And you heard what I had to say earlier.
And I'm already feeling, oh, I know exactly where this is going
because I've lived it.
But please continue.
And then I apply for one time and they go,
your application is rejected.
And I'm just like, the hell?
Evidently, Anime Jam Session just wasn't popular enough for them.
We don't get like one million hits a week on our site
and stuff like that.
So we were rejected.
And I said, you know what?
I'll buy a badge this year.
I will never do that again.
From that point on, I decided large conventions,
despite the genre, don't need me.
I will go to the smaller conventions
where I am appreciated for the hard work that my crew does
and it's less drama and less BS.
Now, the fact that ReadPop is rolling in here like,
we'll save E3.
Oh, we'll save E3.
Yeah, I know exactly where they're going with this, okay?
They're going to turn E3 into what they wanted to do with PAX
and it's a crying shame.
Because I tell you this, growing up reading EGM, GamePro,
I was hyped about E3, what was going on and so forth.
When y'all covered E3, I was hyped for that and so forth.
But I can see the way technology is,
all these companies doing their own thing and so forth.
In a way, there really isn't a need for E3 anymore.
I still say there needs to be one for people in the industry
because I agree with Mr. Blackwolf.
The industry needs something and GDC simply is not enough.
And as you all have mentioned previously,
when they opened this up to the public,
which they did a few years ago,
when they opened it to the public,
a lot of my cosplaying friends were like,
oh, we are going to E3.
We're going to get cr-
I'm sitting there watching.
No, you're not.
Have fun with that.
Because to these cosplayers and the typical con-goers,
they think E3 is a nonstop party from Thursday day zero
all the way to day three Sunday,
which in actuality, it is not the case.
I got to interrupt because you just made me think of a great fucking point.
You said Thursday, day zero.
That is huge right there because E3, if I recall correctly,
E3 was always a Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday show.
It was in the middle of the week.
It might've been Wednesday, Thursday, Friday.
No, it was.
Yeah.
It was Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday.
And they did that very much intentionally because this was a trade show.
It was during the work week for workers.
So here we are, sign number one, that this is not E3 as you knew it.
This is Weekend at Bernie's with Reed Pop moving E3's corpse around.
Sign number one, what you just said,
when day zero is Thursday and not, you know,
meaning that the con is actually Friday, Saturday, Sunday,
that's your first sign that this is not the same E3.
E3 experiences, dodging people and talking shop.
Sorry.
Sorry, Rama.
I don't mean to interrupt you, but you just made me inadvertently think of a,
Oh, this is, that is a huge thing right there.
Thursday's not day zero.
Monday's day zero.
No, you are right.
I think I was coming down to the end and for some of us in on the con side,
day zero means you'll pick up your badge and you go back to the rooms and you
start pre-gaming. Okay. I don't think.
That is Dragon Con Thursday. Well, no, actually now it's Wednesday.
Cause Wednesday's the new Thursday. But anyway.
I don't think E3 is ready for a bunch of semi buzz drunken people just rolling
through playing these games and bitching and moaning and complaining.
No, I, no, but in the long run,
they're not going to care because they got their money, you know?
And I'll tell you this now with this pandemic,
a lot of conventions are out here throwing GoFundMes and so forth,
trying to make ends meet so they could survive a following year because of
all the fees.
AX ain't doing that. They got their money.
They basically have people in the industry handling that and all of their
guests, their companies, they basically told them, well,
since you are the sponsors,
you take care of the guests and you take care of all of that.
You just give us the money. You have your tables.
Y'all do the rest. And I can see RePop pulling the same through,
same thing with E3 going to Intel,
going to AMD, going to Nintendo, all of them. Yes.
I do understand that Intel and AMD doesn't really need to be at E3 per se,
but they are the backbone of the gaming and the technology.
So they're going to court them anyway.
Intel's been there before.
That's how I got a motherboard for Final Fantasy back from the Final Fantasy
contest.
Yeah. They do like the PC gaming showcase thing.
Yeah. When Kensha Hall was a thing and E3 died with Kensha Hall.
Well, they were, it wasn't even in Kensha Hall.
It was in the main hall that they did their PC gaming showcase thing.
I thought they had a thing in Kensha Hall for a while, but yeah. Yeah.
I do remember AMD being there at one point too. So anyway, but anyway,
I digress.
And I'm telling you, if y'all go to E3 2023.
Well, we won't.
And you walk in and you see an arrow that says,
this way to Dealers Hall and Artist Alley, that's it.
Game over because that's how they're going to make their money.
But on the plus side, you can go to E3,
come out with some nice swag that you bought, you know, just saying.
You can, you can finally tell all your friends, you went to E3,
a show that died in 2017, the year they opened it up to the public.
Or what out? That's all I got to say is pour one out.
Back in the day when they used to like,
wouldn't even let all the media in because there was too many people coming.
I remember when I went to E3,
it was right before everything was opened up to the public and we had to
submit writing samples for DDR Freak.
To get us in qualified as media.
We had to be published on the website.
I remember when we were, I remember when we were doing this show,
but the guy that ran the network that we were on gave the E3 badge to a relative instead.
Rob, that's kind of shameless. I'm proud of you.
What? Nothing.
That was some hot tea right there, my friend.
Anyway.
Uh, where were we?
Oh, we're sitting here enjoying some nice Earl Grey hot, discussing Reed Pop.
That's what we were doing.
And Mr. Rob Roberts took himself the biggest pour of that tea.
God damn, that was delicious.
I have a lot to say when it comes to E3. I can't help it. I have a lot of feelings.
This is why we're here.
Anyway, how many people got COVID at Anime Expo? Let's change the subject.
We haven't heard anything yet.
I have not heard anything yet, which is completely and totally shocker.
And I will say those photos that everybody saw at AX of the crowds,
that was the first 15 minutes of day one from what I have been told.
That's what the Nintendo's Hall used to look like before they opened the doors.
Because that's pretty much the same thing as what that was, right?
It was before they actually opened the doors.
But still, I mean, justify it however you want,
but you still had all those people packed in there for 15 minutes. It's not a good look.
But what's interesting is if you had a VIP or Premiere badge, you went through a separate entrance.
Of course. Of course.
Man, listen, don't miss big events like that. I'll be honest.
Rob, we're at a point where people are basically scalping anime convention badges, anime convention concert tickets, and so forth.
They were doing that for E3 a lot. You'd give somebody your badge for the last day and nobody cared.
Nobody was checking IDs or anything like that until they realized they probably should.
I am from that generation where, you know, you bought a badge to a con.
You walked up the street to Kinko's, paying a couple of bucks for a color photocopy.
You cut it out and hand it to a friend and be like, there you go.
Because the staff didn't care as long as they saw the badge and looked like an actual badge.
That's true. That's true. You know what?
A lot of those conventions have like outsource security or like, you know, going through like temp agency security.
And I know this firsthand at a convention that I went to.
I'm not sure if I should. What the hell? It's that kind of night.
It was Final Fantasy 14 Fan Fest in Vegas at the Paris.
A friend of mine paid security to get into the show, even though he couldn't get a badge because badges had been sold out for, you know, they got sold out in five minutes.
He really wanted to go. He tried to get a badge online.
He was like, you know what? I'm going to go and I'm going to pay a security guard to let me in. Fucking worked.
Because they don't pay their security enough and they outsource it.
That's true. I know people who have bought bootleg Comic-Con badges that still work with the RFID tags.
Okay. All right. And I'm telling you this now.
When E3 2023 rolls around and RePop will say, you know, we're doing it for the public, within not even 15 minutes, you will see eBay listings for those badges.
You will hear the people complain. And you know what RePop is going to do?
They're just going to count their money and be like, well, I'm really sorry this has happened, but good luck next time, you know, as they count them dollars.
And I know it wasn't here bashing this company, but you know what? We're not really bashing this company. We're speaking the truth here.
We're talking from our own personal experiences where this company really don't care because they got their bottom line.
There's a reason why I know people who worked at RePop that started Comic-Con and the anime convention left and did their own thing.
And we're pretty good with it.
We didn't boil the tea. We just served it.
Yup.
It's piping hot.
Anyway, let's see. Anything else on your mind tonight, Rama?
Oh, no. Oh, no. That's it.
You want me to spill anything else tonight? Because apparently once you hit that 20 year mark as a podcast, I need that thing for my mug or something.
I need a coffee mug that says too old to give a fuck because that's clearly where I've hit at my 20 year mark.
I've said this countless times on my own show and to other people. I completely, as the song goes, I'm completely out of fucks to give.
As long as I can get up every day and live my life, do what I have to do and collect my paycheck, we go there.
It's like the picture, behold the field in which I grow my fucks. Lay thine eyes upon it and see that it is barren.
And I will say I love the preaching from the pulpit tonight. Loved it. Loved it.
I'm waiting for the collection plate to go around one more time so I can throw some more bits in there.
You know, Reverend Rob, Reverend Loki and Reverend Jamie. Preach on. Preach on.
Welcome to the PTL podcast network.
The Church of Orange Lounge Radio. A lot of day gamers, OK?
PTB. Pay them biddies. Get you one step closer to that E3.
That's going to suck anyway.
Too much metal for one hand.
All right.
Rama, my friend, I'm going to let you go so we can, I don't know, spill some more tea. We'll see what happens.
All right. Take care of my friend.
Take care too.
All right. Bye.
Bye.
You know what happens when you spill the tea that's too hot?
Someone's going to get burned.
I might for opening my big mouth tonight, but you know what?
I didn't say anything that wasn't true.
You didn't. You did not.
So if the truth bothers you. Sorry to hear that.
Well, on top of that, if you see something and you think someone's talking about you, well, if the shoe fits.
Just saying.
Or even if the shoe doesn't fit, perhaps you need a shoe horn.
Either you think everything is about you or you're guilty about something. That's it.
Anyway, let's see. Do we have anything in the mail bag?
No.
OK, well, here's the real tea.
I swear we're getting rid of that segment if we don't get some emails on a regular basis.
Or I guess let me ask this. Let me let me let me say instead of making threats because I'm in that kind of mood tonight.
I do love the listeners. I love all of you that show up every week.
I love those of you that listen to the podcast feed.
And I know there's many of you that listen and you never say a thing to us.
And that's that's OK. You know what? Lurkers are fine. We still love you.
How would you all like to interact with this program?
What could we do? And especially like the live folks.
I'm here in them because we got the chat. We got the calls. We got all that.
How would the people on the podcast feed like to be heard? Because I'm I'm feeling like emails ain't it.
How would the people. Yeah. Go ahead.
If you want to tweet something and have me read it.
Just tap. Just do a hashtag orange lounge radio.
Send it to at OLR.
I was like, I can give you the log in for OLR. I should have a long time ago and you can just.
Well, I mean, but if you if you do use the hashtag, I'll see it anyway.
No, that's true.
So use the hashtag, you know, or yeah, just Orange Lounge Radio or OLR.
You know, hopefully it won't be mixed in with like some other group called OLR.
But we get we get weird shit that's like for some school, some some private school.
Do it for Orange Lounge Radio. Just one word and I'll see it and I'll read it and judge you.
I mean, listen to your opinions very, very seriously.
All right. Folks in chat, dark to see us as bring back the Twitter segment. All right.
Done. We will. You got it. Twitter segment.
Your tweets at OLR.
I'll use it. Yeah.
All right. Yeah, we'd love to. I mean, I know I might be sound like I'm not trying to sound mean or there's just I know we really we really want to hear from people.
It's every where every gamer has a voice and, you know, trying to get more voices here on the air.
So, yeah, I know tweets are probably easy emails. I think the reality is how often do I send emails anymore?
I said the show roll out like if I look at my sandbox in my email, it's like the last 12 weeks of show rolls and maybe one other little thing mixed in here and there.
Like there's very little that I email.
Did I send I mean, I my email at work is a different story, but I have so many mail rules set up to put stuff in trash to archive other stuff, to move it into other folders, to save my receipts to another folder.
You know that I actually had a clean inbox.
Because of my mail rules.
If you don't know how to use mail rules, learn. It's great.
Bobby Blackall says Rob sent me stuff about Dragon Con.
Yeah, because, you know, for the fourth year in a row, they didn't want to process our credit card.
I just can't stop talking tonight.
But that originally came in on emails.
So, yeah, I just forwarded the email. It's easy.
But yeah, if I really want your attention, Bobby, I just go to Discord like I usually do.
So, easiest way to send IMs back and forth or if people, people, people, Twitter.
People sit on Discord more often these days.
Twitter is actually a great place to get a hold of me, quite honestly.
I do use Twitter too much.
And I'm very happy that Twitter is not going to end up turning to the dark side after all.
Thank God, Lex Luthor.
We all knew this would happen. Fucking.
And Bobby, I am sure that people understand sarcasm and if not, oops.
Yeah. Yeah, hopefully people get our sense of humor by now.
But just to be clear, we're really nice. We promise.
First of all, we don't get new people. Sometimes we do.
We do.
I really, I really want to, would like to have some new blood.
It will be nice to get back out to events again.
You know, California Extreme is a thing.
I really am biting my tongue on something because it's coming soon here locally.
And I'm going to just bite my tongue on that.
I'll talk to you off air about that.
But that's something.
And then, you know, getting to go to Dragon Con and see people there again.
It's just be nice to get out and talk about the stuff we like again.
TwitchCon will be huge too, I think.
All right, let me check in with Loki and see if there's any last minute stories.
Nope, nothing.
Fair enough.
Well, I think we're getting towards the end of the show then.
So this is the part of the show where we go around and check on final thoughts.
Thank you so much for participating with the show tonight.
You know, as we say, even if you're lurking, we still, we do love you.
And thank you for being here. You're still a part of the family.
We just, we just, we're just cordially inviting you to speak up to.
So, you know, you can send us an email.
Participate at orange.radio.com or a tweet at OLR.
Or you can, of course, tell a friend or two about the show.
Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice.
But we need more voices here.
Everybody is welcome at the tea table.
We have, it's very easy to make more tea.
We'll make tea for everybody.
So invite some friends to come and some enemies to come check out the show with you next time.
vog.network.com slash Discord if you want to chat with us throughout the week.
And of course, all of our personal channels as well.
DarkSakra on Twitch at DarkSakraOLR.
Underscore.
Underscore.
OLR.
Excuse me.
Wait, wait, wait. Yeah, on Twitch.
DarkSakra underscore OLR.
And myself on Twitch at Rob Roberts and Loki on YouTube at LokiOLR.
So, okay, I think that's it.
Let's go around and get everybody's final.
Oh, hey.
We have Dozilla.
Look at that.
Dozilla.
Been listening to the show since 2006.
Don't think I've ever chatted.
Welcome, Dozilla.
Welcome.
I am happy to see you chatting.
That legit made me smile.
Thank you for that.
I really appreciate that.
You know what?
You know what?
You know what?
Hold on.
Hold on.
Hold on.
I'm going to do a thing.
Okay.
There we go.
I'm doing a thing now.
Okay.
All right.
There you go.
There you go.
Dozilla.
The thing has been done.
Is it Dozilla or Dozilla?
Thanks, DarkSakura.
That's nice.
Now you can go back and catch up on all the videos from prior weeks.
There you go.
Love that.
All right.
Let's go.
Okay.
Dozilla.
Noted.
Okay.
I was right.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
So, DarkSakura can go Zilla and do her DBD stream.
So, DarkSakura.
Go, Godzilla, go.
DarkSakura, we'll start with you.
What's your final thought tonight?
I am trying so hard to hit 500 followers that it's like I have seven people to go.
I'm so close.
You got this.
So, wish me luck.
You got this.
It's just going to take that right raid to land at the right time.
So, I hope you get it tonight.
I've been getting stranger raids and that's been-
That's great.
Not hate raids, like actual real people raids.
Good, good.
All right.
Well, I'm ready.
All right.
Take care, DarkSakura.
We'll see you next week.
We'll see you later tonight and then next week.
All right.
Loki, your final thought for us tonight?
I'm only 13 away from 500 subscribers on my YouTube channel.
So, that'll happen eventually.
Okay.
I feel bad because I passed 500, but I've had my account since it was just in TV.
So, I've had a long time to build that up.
So, in all fairness, yeah.
So, I'm waiting for 1,000 now.
We'll see, but I have to stream more to do it.
My final thought is, unfortunately, like it's going to be a lot harder to stream this week.
I have a really big high profile thing at work and I have to commute to another office to do it.
So, but I mean, it's great.
I love my job.
I love what I do.
I love this opportunity, but it's going to cut into my evenings a little bit because I'm not going to be getting home until 7, 7.30 at night.
And then by the time I get home, it's like, okay, eat dinner, go to bed.
So, yeah, but it'll be a good week.
So, but I hope I get to play some games.
Probably a lot of location games because I'll get to play location games in a new town while I'm waiting for the traffic to die down.
So, all right, that's it, everybody.
We'll see you next time here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you for being here.
Have a wonderful week, everybody.
We'll see you next time.
Good night.
To join us for our live show, tune into vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
.
