Orange Lounge Radio
These are hosts, DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight, August 18th, 2013, several more changes are announced that will affect the launch of the Xbox One.
GameStop defends a high price for used copies of Xenoblade and Metroid Prime, and more details emerge on Grand Theft Auto V.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello, my friends out there on the internet. Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It's Orange Lounge Radio, episode 516 for this, August the 18th of 2013.
We're here to talk about video games, gaming culture, gamer lifestyle with me, Rob Roberts.
I'm one of your hosts, and joining me as she does every Sunday night, say hello to DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
Yo.
How are you doing, DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers?
Or...
And?
All of the above.
Whatever. You can be whoever you want to be.
Oh, um, I'll be me.
Okay. Well, you do...
I'm really out of it today.
Yeah?
Yeah, it's been a weird, weird week.
Are you on any prescription medications right now?
Well, I'm always on prescription medications that keep me from killing people. On the internet.
No, but I mean, like, are you, uh...
No, no Oxycontin.
Any sickness going around?
I have the rockin pneumonia and the boogie woogie flu.
Sorry to hear it.
No, I'm not. That means I'm happy, I guess.
An apparently obscure reference, uh...
Oh, and there's Techmaster Loki. How you doing, Loki?
I'm doing fine.
Yeah?
Yeah.
What's new with you?
Um... games.
Yeah? Lots of games? We'll get to gaming weeks here shortly, but I noticed you brought a big box full of Disney Infinity with you.
Yes.
So, um, I noticed that you were able to get the game early through your connections, and you put up a YouTube, right?
You did, like, a little unboxing YouTube, because information on Disney Infinity's been kinda not around, really.
Like, the review embargo apparently didn't lift until today, or they didn't have early reviews or something.
Maybe they were afraid the game wasn't gonna get good reviews, although it seems like it's doing alright from the minimal things I've seen today.
But, um, so you did this whole unboxing, you did some playing, and, uh, hilarious stuff going down on YouTube, right?
Uh, yeah, just typical YouTube commenters, you know?
Yeah.
Demanding, you need to tell me how you got that, or else I'm gonna report you to who?
Yeah, report it.
With the police.
He's playing this game before I have it!
Yeah, it's like, whatever, you know?
I would've actually done some more, um, uh, like, actual, like, Let's Plays and stuff, but I just...
I thought you did, I thought you were up on...
Well, I did a stream on, uh, Twitch.
Yeah.
You know, I did something that had audio problems at the beginning, because, you know.
Dope.
Well, it was a whole new setup, so, you know, I was trying to get it to work with my old TV and stuff, and this cable I have just didn't work correctly.
So I ended up setting it up all differently, and then I was trying to hear audio, I was trying to split the audio going to the TV.
So split it between the video capture card and my headset, but when I did that, it, because I needed an amp on it, when I did that, it just, there was no audio coming through at all.
So tech issues.
Yeah, tech issues. So I ended up just listening through my computer, but, you know, the audio was lagged by a couple, like, a second or so.
So it was just a little annoying.
Well, not to, um, tap into your gaming leak too much, although I'm sure you've played plenty else besides Disney Infinity, but what did you think overall of Disney Infinity?
It's alright, um, because I hadn't really played, like, I didn't play Skylanders.
Um, I checked out just, I, the beginning, I did a little, like, a couple of the tutorials, um, that walk you through some of the sandbox, or the toy box stuff.
It's okay, but you don't start off with a whole lot of pieces to build, you know, with the toy box stuff.
Um, some of that you get through, like, these little power-up disc things that you can buy.
Um, not a whole ton of that stuff. A lot of it's just kind of cosmetic, like, you know, it looks like Alice in Wonderland or Little Nemo.
It's just, it's really kind of eh.
Um, there's, there's some pre-built stuff that you can look at, um, but a lot of it you have to play through the actual, they call them the playsets.
Yeah.
So, like, the story campaigns, I guess, for, you know, each of the characters.
So I've been playing through Pirates of the Caribbean, which is alright.
Um, it, I don't know, it's definitely a kid's game, so, you know, it's geared towards that.
Well, I was gonna ask you, what did your young one think of it? Did you let him kind of watch, or?
He didn't really get the watch play, cause, you know, the only time I get the play is when he's gone to bed.
Yeah, and he might be a little, he might be a little too young, too.
Yeah, he-
Like, at three, you don't really-
He doesn't really understand how to use controllers and stuff yet, but he liked the figures.
He, like, took all the cars figures and put them on this little table with his cars and stuff and was playing with them.
Mm-hmm.
Um, so, there's that. Um, and that's kind of how I got it, too, is cause, you know, I'd mentioned to, uh, you know, my friend at, you know, Disney, that, you know, my son was really into, like, you know, he loved Mater.
I was trying to get a Mater figure is what I was trying to do, and they ended up just sending me everything to play with the Mater figures.
So, the game, the cars play set, and Mater.
So, what all, cause I'm having a hard time understanding, like, what all crap are they selling with this?
Because with Skylanders, it's just the figures. That's really-
Oh, no, in the Skylanders, it's not just the figures.
Originally it was.
Yeah, cause Skylanders, like, okay, so Skylanders, they have, you know, and they have a lot, and a lot of it is figures, but it's so crazy now, cause they have, like, for giants, they have the regular figures.
They have light core figures that light up when you put them on the thing. They have giant figures, and then with Swap Force, they're gonna have Swap Force figures with that.
And then they have, like, adventure sets, and then they have battle sets that, you know, have figures, and they're, like, crap with it.
Okay, so what all is there for Disney Infinity? Because now we've entered this world where they're not even really microtransactions, they are literally transactions.
You're going into the store and buying something tangible.
It's physical DLC is basically what it is.
But what all is there? There's character statues, right?
There's characters, there's individual characters, they have character three packs, so they have a villains pack that has, uh, Davy Jones, Randy, and, uh, Syndrome, you know, from all three of the, uh, sets that are in the game.
And then there's a sidekicks pack that has Mike, Mrs. Incredible, and, um, Captain Barboza.
Okay, I don't even know all the packs, but you've got, you've got these characters, and then what? You've got, you've got the, the hidden discs.
We have the blind discs, or the blind packs of the power-up discs.
And what do they do?
Those are basically just, they have add-ons, like, little power-up add-ons for the characters, although, with the, I got two with that, and then I bought personally four because, you know, I haven't invested any money in it yet, so, you know, why not?
Um, and I have yet to get any of the circular power-up discs. I've gotten all just the little, I don't know, hexagonal discs that they have.
What do they do?
Although I have the full, I have the full rare, so they, um.
Wait, what do they do?
They unlock things in the game, so you have, like, um, it could be vehicles, like, uh, you know, Mickey's jalopy, or, you know, there's Abu, and stuff like that, or, like, guns, or, uh, cosmetic stuff, like, you know, different skins for your playset world.
Because you said you had a Wreck-It Ralph one, right?
Yeah, it, it skins the background, like, you know, Wreck-It Ralph.
Okay, so what's the difference between the characters, and then there's a thing called a playset that has the two characters. Is the playset, like, another?
Yeah, the playset's basically, like, a single-player campaign, if you kind of think of it. Or, well, it's a story campaign, so they have a Cars playset, and it comes with two cars with that.
And then they've got the, um, what is it, the Lone Ranger playset that's got the two characters with that.
But obviously, you don't have to buy all that. You can, you know, just pick what you want, because, like, you know, I have no interest in the Lone Ranger.
Yeah, but surely the game incentivizes this stuff somehow.
I think you get, well, the incentive, I think, is you, like, you would with, um, LittleBigPlanet would be a perfect example.
Um, when you buy the add-ons for LittleBigPlanet, like DLC, you get more pieces that you can use in building your own levels. So that's the incentive, I guess.
It's kind of like LittleBigPlanet.
Sort of.
Except without the LittleBigPlanet itself.
Well, you have, like, the Metal Gear stuff you can download, and the Muppets stuff you can download, but, I mean, I don't know, it's just different.
It's very much like LittleBigPlanet. It's like LittleBigPlanet crossed with the Lego games. It's, you know, the way I see it. It's very much like that.
So, it's alright. I mean, they do, like I said, they do kind of prompt you to, like, you know, try to get you the purchase stuff.
But, I mean, Skylanders did the exact same thing, and it doesn't, I didn't run into it too much.
That's the trickiest part, though, because, especially when it's for kids, because, you know, if you have a six or seven year old that is about the right age to be doing this stuff,
you know, they're going to hit these roadblocks, and, Daddy, Daddy, Daddy, I have to have it. Daddy, Daddy, Daddy, Daddy.
Well, Daddy, Daddy, Daddy.
They don't have to give in to it. I mean, that's the thing.
Yeah, of course they're going to try it. That's like TV commercials, though. Daddy, Daddy, I want whatever's on the TV, you know.
I gotta have this, you know. So, I mean, there's that, but it's not, I don't think it's a huge...
You're ruining my life if you don't buy it.
Like, because I played...
I'm gonna just die.
I tried both Lightning McQueen and Mater in, like, the Cars game, and it didn't seem like that they played too different. They played pretty much exactly the same.
Okay.
So, I don't think it's just a huge difference. Although, it was kind of funny to watch Mater, you know.
So, maybe the place, you really need the play sets, and they come with characters, but maybe you don't need to buy all these extra characters.
Yeah, you probably don't need to buy all these extra characters, and the places come with two characters, so it's kind of nice, like, if you wanted to co-op, like, if you have kids and stuff, and, you know, it has two characters in there.
I just, you know, other than, you know, the characters that are, you know, in these play sets, there's not a whole ton else that you might want.
I mean, maybe if you wanted to co-op in, like, the regular game, you probably would want to pick up at least maybe the sidekicks pack or something, so that way you have an extra set of characters you can play through each one of the play sets.
Makes sense.
But, I mean, it's, you don't have to do all that stuff, and a lot of the stuff you do unlock things as you go through the game, and on top of just the toy box mode, there is a lot of customization within, like, the actual game.
Like, in the Pirates of the Caribbean, so if you can pick up the actual people and throw them into the shop, you can customize what each character looks like, you can customize your ship and what the loadouts are and that and stuff, but a lot of it you have to buy with in-game money.
So, like, I had, like, to upgrade my cans and stuff, I had to, you know, earn money, and it's a lot of grind to get that, but the ship combat's kinda cool.
Yeah, they don't have a store you can just go into and spend 99 cents.
No, they don't have anything like that, but as far as I saw, so, yeah.
Daddy, yeah, yeah, yeah, buy me! Buy me!
I don't think they're gonna do anything like that, because I think that could be a big problem if, you know, all of a sudden kids racked up, you know, hundreds of dollars in online transactions.
Alright, let's go to our chat room. I don't mean to neglect you folks, but you got a lot of good questions, I just wanted to let Loki get his thoughts out.
And then I wanted to have a coughing fit, sorry.
We do tape live every Sunday night at the Voice of Geeks Network, vognetwork.com, 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern on Sundays, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And we do have our chatters there at live.vognetwork.com, and let's see, some of the questions here.
Tigerclaw says, do you guys think Disney Infinity could be huge this coming holiday season, given how successful Skylanders was? It could be bigger because of the Disney's name.
Well, I think that's the idea, and I think a lot of, like, if this game flops, which I kinda don't think it will.
I don't think it's gonna.
But if this game flops, like, Disney Interactive will close. I think that's kinda what's riding on this, for real, because they've invested a lot into this.
I don't see how it could fail right now.
I really don't see how it could fail either.
The figures are nice. I like the figures. Like, even if I didn't have the game and it just had the figures, I mean, the figures are nice. They'd be something I'd put up on my shelf. I mean, they look cool.
I don't know. It has that going for it. And the game's not bad. And I like the whole, like, toy box mode in there. It's kinda cool where you can build your own things.
So there's that going for it. And really, like, the new Skylanders game is just kind of a very linear action game.
And so, I just don't know. I don't think there's a whole lot of incentive to buy stuff for that.
E3VL wants to know what your YouTube channel is, where you had the unboxing, where he can leave nasty comment. No, I made that part up. But where can you leave that?
It's just Loki O.L.R.
It's all one word?
Yeah, just all one word.
Let's see. Dartitsuya at live.vognetwork.com asks, you think the figures and discs and so forth will get to be like the pins at the Magic Kingdom? I think that's what Disney wants.
Definitely. And they have rares in each one of the sets. I've got a full set and then some of the rares so far.
And I'm sure some of the Disney souvenir shops are already selling this.
And they have exclusive rares. For example, they have Mike's car that's exclusive to Toys R Us right now. Toys R Us kind of does that thing. In fact, I'll actually give you some of these because I have duplicates.
Woohoo! Well, I guess I'm gonna have to get the stupid game at some point. We'll see. I don't know. I was kind of trying to hold off.
I'm gonna put my foot down and stomp and pout. I'm not gonna.
Let's do a little bit of roleplay, DarkSakura. Let's do a little roleplay, okay? Let's assume that I'm your kid. Heaven help you. And that you just bought me the Disney Infinity Starter set, okay?
No, that would assume that I would have gotten you the Disney Infinity Starter set.
We're playing make-believe. We're playing make-believe. All right.
Yeah, but if I was being a parent, I wouldn't do it. Because I'm poor.
Okay, then Uncle Loki was spoiling and bought it for me. Okay, so now I have it. All right, so here we go.
Thank you, Uncle Loki!
You're welcome.
Mommy! Mommy, you have to buy me! Mommy, you have to buy me the cars! Mommy! Mommy, Mommy, Mommy! You have to buy it!
Rob? Rob? Rob? Rob? I don't have to buy you shit. Go to your room.
You little ingrate! Time out! Ten minutes in your room on time out and you're not allowed to play with any toys. You have to stare at the wall.
And then come back and tell me what you did wrong.
I-O-I-O!
Or you could go to the backyard and pick a Switch. That's what happened to me when I was a kid.
All right, let's see.
I love you guys, chat.
It's live.vognotework.com. Let's see, other comments here. Back on a serious note.
Black Wolf wants to know, how much story is included in the base game without buying anything else?
You have the full thing for Parts of the Caribbean, The Incredibles, and Monsters U. So you have three playsets, basically.
So it's like three little mini-adventures you get to play through.
They're pretty long. I mean, I've already played through about a few hours of Parts of the Caribbean. I'm not very far into it, so.
There's a lot there. A lot of content, I think.
Tigerclaw wants to know, does the game actually end if you don't have all the figures? Can you just play the core game and finish it?
So you get the three little adventures.
No, the game doesn't end. You just play through everything.
There's additional missions, I think, in each game where if you have different characters you can do a little mini-game or mission or something.
It definitely doesn't end. You can keep going through and playing things and unlocking stuff.
Because some of the unlocks are random when you unlock things. One of them is a Tron costume for some little figure that's running around.
Exactly. I wanted that, too.
That's why you bought the four things.
No, no. Even on the livestream, it's just like, Tron costume. Come on, come on, come on. I don't want that!
Did she get a Cinderella carriage or something?
By the way, Rob, you should be really happy that I didn't break out my mom's accent.
I did my momma impersonation.
We'll roleplay again sometime.
Oh, girl.
But look at Jim Sally in our chatroom. Hi, Jim Sally. We haven't seen Jim Sally in a while. I hope he's doing well.
Jim Sally has responsibilities.
Yes. Jim Sally said, Rob's annoying kid impression is awesome. Thank you. Well, I was one of those annoying kids growing up, so there you go.
I'm just tapping into what I know.
Anyhow, I think that's all I want to talk about Disney Infinity. Quickly, before we get into officially our gaming weeks, I guess I'm ruining it a little bit by talking about the beta that has a lot of people's attention captured this weekend.
There's actually really, there's two big betas going on right now. There's, and I'll talk about this later in the show, there's a Blizzard-related beta for their free-to-play game.
But there's also, that one is invite-only, and so only certain people are playing it right now in certain fan sites and so forth.
But there's an open beta going on for another game, Final Fantasy XIV, which is one I've been talking about a little bit on the show before.
And we're going to talk about this by just straight up, the first version never happened. Bad figment of the imagination, not going to go talk about version one anymore.
Because this is now the real Final Fantasy XIV.
It almost seemed like the intro was like, we blew up that world, lol.
Yeah, well he said he was inspired by World of Warcraft Cataclysm, the producer, so.
But Dark Soccer, you've been playing it, and I've been playing it. I literally, I literally played for 15 hours yesterday.
At it.
And, you know, well here's the thing.
Ah, the good old days.
I know, here's my justification. When was the last time I had a day like that? I couldn't tell you.
Between rehearsals for local shows, between work-related stuff, between other, you know, I just have not had a day like that.
So it's really just what the doctor ordered, to sit and do nothing all day. It felt great.
The last time I did that, apart from when I had almost broken my ankle and was playing WoW for, what, 20 hours in a day, was Ragnarok Online back in the beta.
I mean, seriously, when I was in the beta of that game for seven years.
Oh, you haven't had like a console game come around lately that sucked you in like that?
Well, when I had hand surgery, I was high on Vicodin, and played Blue Dragon, like, and almost finished the game.
I think when Final Fantasy XIII first came out, I think I spent, oops, sorry, didn't mean to kick you.
PSO, good point, Brad.
I think I played Final Fantasy XIII a heck of a lot. But anyway, the XIV beta's going on.
You know, I'm hearing it's having its share of issues, that people are having problems when they zone, they get kicked out, and then they cannot log back in the game.
Which actually, that happened to me once, but it resolved itself within 10 minutes. So I didn't really have the serious issue.
And besides full servers, once in a while, which seems to also go away after 15, 20 minutes, I'm not hearing of a lot of issues that my friends are having.
When I go over to like Reddit, or like forums, I see like, you would think the entire world's having problems, but I don't know.
It sucks that people are getting locked out of this beta, but...
Well, there was the Worldful thing today, and I actually went and made a character on the European server, on Shiva, just so I could see what the server lists looked like.
And there were maybe four servers that weren't blacked out.
Well, the quote-unquote official server got changed at the last minute for Horde House 2.
Midgarsemer is the server that we're actually playing on.
We were originally going to play on a different server, but it was so popular that they closed out new character creation, like only a couple hours after it opened, because everybody was going there.
So Shane and I had a quick discussion. It's like, alright, it's more important that we pick an open server that our friends can get on than necessarily picking a populated server.
So Midgarsemer is what we picked. Well, finally, it took a good 24 hours, but Midgarsemer filled up, too, now, and they had to actually open new worlds.
And unfortunately, people can only roll on the new worlds. They can't go to the worlds.
So I kind of think that part is a bit of a mess, that Square is going to have to figure out a solution, because why would you fucking play an MMO if you can't play it with your friends?
It gets really boring that way. I mean, we'll go make new friends, moron!
Why did I stop playing WoW? Yeah, exactly. Why am I playing less and less WoW? Like, more and more people I know left.
You know, if we were, and I was actually saying something to that thing yesterday, I prefer playing Alliance to Horde, and unfortunately our Alliance guild just sort of dried up.
Except for Grandpa. But you can't blame people for not having fun anymore and not enjoying the game. I mean, they left because for whatever reason they weren't having fun.
I don't blame anybody, but that's why I left, because I had no one to play with that, and Pandas was kind of stupid.
Pandas, as in the expansion, was, I hate the grind. Hate the grind.
Well, you know, every expansion has its up and down. But anyway, so Final Fantasy XIV is going on, and despite those things, I hope they are able to institute, I think the world pass thing that they had in Final Fantasy XI actually worked out really well.
Where, like, if you're friends on the server, they buy you a pass that you can use to get on. And it costs them a lot of gil, depending on how many people are already on the server.
You bought me mine? Yeah, but people will do it. People will do it.
So, anyway. Otherwise, I mean, the good news is, I'm just, God, the game is gorgeous. I love running instances with friends. There was myself, Shane, Captain Spike from Game Buoy, and TimTrip were all running.
We have the perfect layout of classes that the four of us can make a light party, and we did the beginner instances just back to back last night, and they're so fucking gorgeous. And having fun with it.
Some people might criticize that the classes don't have enough abilities, and that healing is kind of like whack-a-mole because of it, but I kind of think if you're a really good healer, you can heal and DPS at the same time. It's really possible.
I mean, you actually pretty much learn how to do that when you're settling your duties.
And for folks that liked Warcraft back in the very beginning, when it was minimal abilities, too, I think they might find something kind of fun in Final Fantasy XIV.
But I love it. I'm definitely buying the game when it comes out, and I will sub for at least a few months while I figure out, you know, am I going to cancel WoW to play this? Am I going to stick with this?
I'm really curious to see what the end game is like, because I know a lot about Final Fantasy XIV from levels 0 to 20, because I've actually been in since the alpha, so I've done that grind like five times, 0 to 20.
And so I know a lot about it, but I don't know much about what the game is past that, and that kind of concerns me. But it could, I mean, it's only a concern. That doesn't mean it's going to be negative. I just don't know.
And if the end game isn't exciting enough, it's not going to really keep me there once I get to 50.
I will tell you one thing, though, is that, I mean, and you were online for a little bit of this when I went exploring in the level 30 area. It actually had a lot of really neat stuff.
There were some neat characters I've found, Costa del Sol, which you can't get to right now except by walking, because it's, the fairies are disabled, and Limsa Lominsa.
Yeah, Limsa Lominsa.
Limsa, that's hard to say.
Just say Limsa.
Which, by the way, is my favorite town so far.
I love the leader of that town, the female Rogenan. She's great, and her voice acting I like the best.
I'm super enjoying Arcanist. I mean, just because my carbo-glue is so cute.
It's a great class.
And I haven't had nearly the same problems I did with Thaumaturge, because Thaumaturge, well, I mean, they've also fixed the duties, but still.
But I had to say that just what I saw, there were some pretty encouraging things for stories. I think we're going to get more raid-like content and stuff like that.
It sounds like they're really going to be developing it and so forth, but if they fuck up some of these basics, like getting people who want to play together able to play together and in the same guild, if they fuck up these basics, it isn't going to matter how much they invest in the game in the end.
So I really hope, you know, but again, it's a beta. Y'all didn't pay for it this weekend, so this is the disclaimer to that.
And I know a lot of people are forming their opinions of the game based on this weekend, but it is what it is.
Well, my plan for next weekend, because I've been taking it really slowly. I've been trying to sparse it out since I can't go past 20 this weekend.
I'm at 14 right now and I figured that when I hit like 18, I was going to start trying weaving or something, you know, whenever.
But I've already decided that I'm probably going to be selling off some of my services so that I can afford to buy the game because it really is.
I was excited. I really enjoy it. It has some of the elements I liked about Cataclysm that made me finally think WoW was fun.
Because you remember how many times I started WoW and then just said, oh, boring, oh, boring, boring.
It had a lot of the fun. It had characters that made me, I laughed at my desk, I mean, especially with the moogles drinking all the wine.
Did you see that bit?
Yes, yes, I did.
It's so cute. Because I rolled a Lalafell this morning. A really cute little teeny Lalafell.
I just, I have different things that make me laugh. I mean, the only things in WoW that really made me laugh were like the very meta stuff and the weird pop culture jokes.
Like, you know, Harris Pilton and all that.
Yeah. They actually, they did a little bit of pop culture jokes in 14, too, in the localization, which was a pleasant surprise.
Like, one of the levels that you level up is Arcanist or Conjurer, one of them. The little achievement is called, just talk about Shaft.
Yeah.
Maybe it was mining. I don't know. But anyway, it's just funny.
But I've had a, well, you know, and the names of the quests have been funny. You know, I've really had a lot of fun.
And the other big thing for me is that I have really been enjoying having my friends on, you know, people to chat with.
Yeah.
And the fact that nobody had, you know what, I'd give you a hug for free, Jim Sally, but you have to come out here and get it.
No, I'm doing logos for people. I'm working on a logo for a couple of people right now and making fabric art.
Awesome.
Yes.
Well, good luck with all of that.
Thank you. So I can game and pay for my habit.
Pay for your obsession.
As I tap in my vein.
All right. I'm sure we'll get phone calls on Final Fantasy XIV later, but that's all we'll say on it for now.
If you do want to play with OLR people and generally VoG people, Horde House kind of snatched that and took that over.
We're all on the Midgarsemer server. So it will open up eventually, even if it's locked when you try to create a character.
Check back in like 30 minutes, check back in an hour. And I'm sure this will be the case in early access as well.
It does open up and Midgarsemer is not supposed to be one of the super populated servers.
So you will be able to get in eventually. It just might be frustrating that you can't get in right away.
But all of us that were super eager about this game, we all got in and it's going to be too tough to move everybody at this point.
So we're going to stick it out on Midgarsemer.
So you can get more information on the Horde House, Twitter, twitter.com slash Horde House.
We do have a link shell set up right now called Horde House, but all a link shell is, is a fancy chat channel.
Free companies are the guilds and we're going to set one of those up as soon as they open up.
And we're trying to think of a good name right now.
What we want to do is we want something where the acronym is VOG.
So it'll be something like, like Vanquishers of Garland or something.
You know, we want something that'll be VOG.
Gilgamesh.
Yeah.
That's very Final Fantasy like.
Yeah, we're going to. So if you have some good ideas, throw them out there, especially Shane, because he'll be the one that puts it all together.
I'm sure because he's going to.
Verp of gastritis.
But yeah, we're looking at something where the abbreviation will be VOG.
So just to kind of tie it together. Be fun.
So. All right.
Let's see. Codeman says in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com.
Like I asked before, if you roll on that server when live, will you still be on that server?
Yes, the characters are not supposed to delete between open beta and live at this point.
If there is a huge game breaking bug, they may still erase them.
Although, although I don't know, because of all these issues people are having, maybe that'll be justification for them to erase them.
I hope not.
But this is why everybody was very much about like they wanted to get on the server.
They want to get on because this is your real character now that you're going to have in the main game.
So we'll see. So.
Bobby said very old gamers.
That would mostly be accurate. We'll see.
All right. Technus in chat says, if you can't think of a name, find a Latin phrase.
You know, you don't know how many Warcraft guilds that worked for.
And Final Fantasy 11 to be fair.
All right. Geeklet in our chat room says they might have to wipe the server to fix that dumb error.
That is a distinct possibility.
So we all have to kind of be prepared for that.
That's why I kind of, I leveled my, and we'll wrap up this discussion guys.
I knew when we get to the other games.
I leveled one of my jobs to like 18 and another one to 13 and then did some crafting stuff.
And so if they wiped them all, I would be kind of mad.
But at the end of the day, that's the reason why I stopped playing too and I'm not going to play anymore.
I logged out and am getting my rest bar because if they do wipe it, then fine.
You know, I'll just, I'll deal with it.
That's kind of my logic too.
Well, and there's the other thing too, is that I'm probably going to stick with just caster classes for a while because,
and I love this so much over some of the stuff they did in 11 is that your gear will carry over to multiple classes.
It's nice.
Yeah. And I can keep using my leather gear in a, like as a gladiator or whatever, if I wanted to.
So I wouldn't have to, cause I sold all my old gear. Oops.
All right. Anyhow, let's talk about officially our gaming week.
So besides Disney infinity, besides Final Fantasy 14, what kind of games have you been playing this week?
Is there anything else, Rob?
No. And clearly I'm playing Animal Crossing right now.
My village is open.
What if people want to add you, be your friend on 3DS so they can visit during the show?
How do they do that?
Well, I'd have to add them back.
So, um, I might close and then reopen in part B so I can put out my friend code cause I don't memorize it.
So be here live, live.vognetwork.com Sunday nights.
Yeah, that's how you get it. You have to be here live.
Yeah, that's how you're going to get it.
Um, unless, unless one of you guys, like I know Actideft has it.
See, I would point you to the friend code thread at vognetwork.com, but I know Jamie doesn't check it.
I posted it.
Oh, did you?
I posted there.
So Rob, thank you for your assumptions. Geez.
I never, I'm never happier to be wrong.
I'm so insulted.
Oh, get over it.
You know what? Okay.
Um, I played some Mass Effect 3 because I am still working on trying to get a custom texture and not texture, a custom mesh to work,
but unfortunately it's not using any of the default textures in it.
And I hate using text mod with Mass Effect 3, so I'm just sort of like, bleh.
Um, I am also, I've, what did I play? Oh yeah, I played more Fractal.
I'm back to playing Fractal because that is my game that I play when my brain is too busy.
Like if I have all these thoughts that I just want to get out of my head, I completely blank out and play Fractal.
It's such a good game.
I've also, um, I got Dan DuckTales and I got myself a copy.
I haven't touched it yet, but basically I've been watching Dan play through the whole thing and humming along with the music because it's so good.
And he found an 8-bit music mode, so he was super happy and playing through it with that.
Um, I played some other stuff. What did I play?
Oh yeah, this, well I went to Scandia this morning because we went to breakfast and then played mini golf, which, it's 102 today,
and it was already like 90 something at 11 this morning, so I was like, I'm not having any more of that.
I've got a sunburn, but I went inside and, poor Scandia, I met a person who works there named Danny, who apparently owns two DX machines, several of them,
and a Pump It Up and a DDR and a Poppin' Music and has like the actual arcade cabinets. He showed me photos of them.
I was like, I'm going to be friends with you.
Actually it was really cool and he was fixing one of the machines that I lost some tokens to.
You know what's funny? I think I've heard of this guy. Somebody was telling me about-
I'm on his Facebook now.
Somebody was telling me about a friend, a friend of a friend or something here, who had a bunch of those cabinets in their house.
Yeah, it's, um, I forget. He has an arcade in his garage.
Yeah, that might have been him. So, but anyway, he was really nice.
Apparently he's a legend around here.
Well, he was a really nice guy. We chatted about games, we talked about pinball for a little while, and, um, yes, 2DX.
Seanigan. It's Seanigan. That's what it was.
Well, I just, he let me add him on Facebook, so it was really cool.
Um, so anyway, uh, we, uh, I don't know, Misty. I didn't ask. I just saw pictures.
Um, so anyway, uh, he fixed the machine that I was on and we, you know, chatted about-
The 2DX marquee, the big speaker setup, is on top of the ticket cage.
Not the ticket cage, the, where you buy your, um, your mini golf stuff inside the arcade.
Um, so sitting in a Raiden Fighters cabinet was actually a DonPachi, which I was like, it's a copy of DonPachi.
It's an arcade one, so I played it and the right side was broken, but the second side worked fine, and I played Guitar Hero.
And Dan played Crazy Taxi because some kid kept, uh, putting in, uh, tokens.
Crazy money?
Let's make some crazy money! Yeah.
So, um, hi Brad. Brad just arrived in Normandy.
So anyway, um, we, uh, you know, we're basically going around just playing all kinds of different games.
They had to pump it up. I didn't know that they'd gotten to pump it up.
But, uh, there were, I was a little dismayed. I mean, I shouldn't have been surprised.
They have no more pinball. Um, all the ticket games, of course, were in perfect condition, but the Tekken 5 had no monitor in it.
There was another game that had no monitor in it. The, um, X-Men vs. Street Fighter had, like, such bad, um, burn-in.
The monitor was, like, green. It was really in bad shape.
Um, I played some Silent Scope. A little Dark Silhouette because that one was really the best of them.
Um, then, uh, I really did play a lot of stuff this week, relatively.
Uh, you've loaned me Kid Icarus Uprising, which I started and then had to put down because the cat threw up.
That's a shitty, that's a crappy reason to stop playing a game.
No, it's a barfy reason.
Um, she threw up on Dan's chair. I was so mad.
Alright.
She's such a brat. Um, so, yeah, uh, and I was gonna start, um, Birth by Sleep, but I barred it from my friend.
I was like, I'm already playing too much. I just gave it back to her.
Alright, is there anything else you actually played or is this all thought about playing?
Well, no, it's, I started stuff.
Oh, and Final Fantasy VII, but I just cannot play it with keyboards, so fuck it. I'm gonna find the controller somewhere.
Get those trading cards somewhere. Oh, wait, Final Fantasy VII doesn't have trading cards, so.
I don't even give a shit about the trading cards thing.
I played Magic for five years. I'm kinda over card games.
Alright, Loki, uh, how was your gaming week?
Um, it didn't play a whole ton of stuff other than Disney Infinity and Saints Row IV.
So I played a lot of Saints Row IV in the last couple days here and it's, it's fun.
Um, you know, definitely a lot different than Saints Row III with the whole superpower thing.
Um, at the same time, some of the, you know, challenges that are in the game, the actual stuff you have to do to get some experience and stuff,
like driving a car for like a long distance and stuff, seems like it's gonna be kind of difficult to do that since you don't,
there's really no need to drive a car since you can run super fast and jump over buildings and fly.
So that's kind of the only annoying thing is that there's not really a point to the cars at all.
Um, there was one little, I don't know if it's a glitch, but a design flaw, if I were to call it,
where when you're buying stuff at a store, if people happen to be attacking you, it will kick you out of the menu that you're in.
So like I was in Friendly Fire buying, I was actually messing with the dubstep gun, looking at all the different designs.
Dubstep gun?
Yeah, the dubstep gun.
Does it wub wub?
Yes it does. All the different designs that they had in there for that because they had different dubstep tracks that it would play,
and so I was cycling through those, and unfortunately, you know, that got my wanted level up a little bit,
and so I went back into the store and I was trying to cycle through to the next, you know, one, and it kept kicking me out of the menu.
Now I'm like, what the hell is going on? Why am I getting kicked out of the menu?
So then I went back into it again and got kicked out of the menu again, and so then I saw that I was getting shot by a cop.
So it's kind of dumb that they had that.
I understand that, yeah, you can't hide in stores anymore to drop your notoriety,
but at the very least they should pause the game when you're in a menu
because it's kind of dumb that you can't browse the menu while you're, you know, in the middle of a fight.
I mean, I don't see why you would, why they should do that, but whatever, that's their choice.
So that was a little annoying.
I did find a couple hidden weapons in the game.
They have the penetrator, the giant dildo bat hidden in the game.
Oh no, it's back.
It's back, yes.
Well, they also have a tentacle bat, and they also have an anal probe that has a tongue on it.
That's awesome.
Wow.
And it makes licking motions when you're in it.
So that's kind of funny.
So they've got that, y'all need Jesus.
And then some of the, like, weapon skins they have in there are kind of dumb,
so I didn't really mess with a whole ton of that stuff.
But I have, like, a lot of the upgrades are kind of cool.
I just, it felt like I don't really like the whole having to pick health pickups,
having to gather health pickups instead of having just a regenerating health,
which has been in the game forever, but they decided to switch it up.
It's not a huge deal, but it's kind of annoying.
I'm trying to think of anyone else.
So far, the story's kind of fun.
I haven't really played a whole bunch of the story missions yet, but it was funny.
There was moments that I was laughing out loud.
I love the new, like, the third had, like, these wrestling moves you could do
if you hold down sprint and, you know, hit one of the attack buttons.
Well, now they have, like, super powered attacks, and they're just goddamn ridiculous,
like, throwing people up there and just, like, stomping on their skull
and just ridiculous stuff in the game.
So I kind of dig that.
And then what else?
So I've been playing an Xbox 360.
I just preloaded my Steam copy, so I'm looking forward to that.
So I'll be playing this for a while until Grand Theft Auto V comes out.
And then all bets are off.
It's just going to be Grand Theft Auto until I die.
We'll talk about Grand Theft Auto V and your excitement a little later in the show,
but anything else for your gaming week?
That was it.
Okay.
The only game I'll talk about besides Final Fantasy XIV earlier
is another game that I played this week was DuckTales Remastered,
which Dark Soccer already brought up.
I played it on Wii U, actually.
I just decided, you know what, I'm going to take a leap of faith
and see what the Wii U version might have to offer
that the 360 and the PS3 ones wouldn't have with the second screen.
It did take me a little while to figure out that you can actually get the map
on the second screen while you're playing.
It's not just a carbon copy of the game, which is what it defaults to,
but the game doesn't really tell you how to do it.
I kind of had to figure it out.
So the trick is, just in case anyone else gets it on Wii U,
when you pause the game like you would see the map normally,
hit the X button, and then the map will take up the whole bottom screen
and stay that way when you're playing, which is cool.
Although, let's be real, DuckTales never really had complicated maps.
The only reason I needed it was because of all the little mini missions they put in.
Sometimes you need to find all the coins or whatever.
It helps me be able to find everything.
And know where I've been and where I haven't.
That's kind of helpful.
Did you notice that they did change a few things around?
Oh, God, yes.
There's that new level in the beginning, and then they totally changed the end,
where in the NES game, you used to go back to Transylvania,
and that's where you would fight the last boss.
But in this one, they made a whole new level.
Spoiler, sorry, but come on.
They made a new level, Mount Vesuvius, that you play instead,
which is kind of like inside a volcano, so it's very different
and much harder in difficulty than the base levels.
More spoiler alert, after the final boss, there's a Metroid-esque escape element.
That was definitely controller-throwing frustration.
Luckily, I own a Wii U, so I wasn't about to throw that controller.
But thought about it.
I heard plenty of screaming.
Yeah, Alan could tell you all about it.
He was here when I was playing through it.
So that was fun.
So the game itself, when it was like the game modes, is great.
The soundtrack is amazing.
The graphics look great.
I love the redone sprites.
Cartoony has a great look.
Honestly, my biggest problem with DuckTales,
and I really feel horrible saying this, but it was the voice acting,
and not the talent, because it's the original talent doing it,
and they're great, even though it's showing its age a little bit.
I didn't mind that.
What I did mind is that it constantly interrupted the action
in what is supposed to be a fast game.
And although after you play through the whole thing once,
you can skip cut scenes later on,
it's still really annoying that you're going through the game
and then, oh, stop, cut scene.
Oh, stop, cut scene.
And I get that if you have kids or whatever,
they're going to eat it up.
They're going to love it.
If you love the old 90s show, it's great.
You're going to love it.
But I don't know.
I kind of got over it pretty quick,
and I just wanted to play the game,
and that experience kept getting interrupted every five seconds.
And that was one thing I loved about the original game.
It was this game you could really speed run
and beat the whole thing in not even an hour maybe if you're good.
So I don't know.
I did not like that whole stop-and-go element,
and here's what really pissed me off.
The quality of the audio is atrocious.
Was it?
Not the music.
The music's great.
The voice acting audio quality, horrible.
Scrooge sounds like he's coming through an iPhone.
It sounded really clear on the PC.
It might be a Wii U thing.
It could be, but I heard the same thing from somebody who played it on 360.
It's a console thing, man.
Maybe it is a console thing.
I don't know, but the quality of the sound itself was really bad,
especially the worst is when you're going through,
and he gets hit or whatever, and he'll go,
oh, ouch, things like that.
It gets drowned out by the music.
It sounds really out of place.
It gets really repetitive.
It's horrible.
So, yeah, not a fan of that.
So when I was actually playing the game DuckTales Remastered,
I was having a great time.
I could have done without all the other crap, sorry to say.
There was one other thing I wanted to say about DuckTales.
Oh, I will say this, and I know this has got to be unique to the Wii U.
I kind of think it was a lazy port, which shouldn't be a surprise whatsoever,
but speaking of sound design, there was no...
They did not sync up the sound coming out of the Wii U game pad
and the sound coming out of the TV.
So if you're sitting in front of the TV and you're playing it on the game pad
and the volume's up in the TV, you definitely hear a delay in the audio,
and it's really annoying.
There's a delay in the audio coming out of the game pad versus the TV
and in the music, so it's like everything's just the slightest bit off.
I had to mute the game pad.
I cannot play the game with sound on the game pad.
So that's a little bit annoying, because the Nintendo games don't have that problem.
They're all synced up just fine.
So I think that's just a lazy port problem, but it is what it is.
You know, I mean, I'm just saying overall in terms of the voices,
I didn't notice a problem at all on the PC.
So I might have to stream it when I'm playing through it
just to see if anything comes across.
It could also just be taste and maybe, you know,
not to say you don't have an ear for this dark soccer,
but having done audio editing for all these years doing the show,
I just can hear it, and I go, my God, where did they take this guy?
Because he sounds awful.
After the show, I'd like to hear yours, because I can tell you if there's a difference.
Okay. Sounds good. We'll arrange that.
Okey-dokey. That's it. That's all I wanted to say about my gaming week.
Everything else I played was too brief and nothing really new.
So let's get into housekeeping so we can get into news.
I want to talk about Dragon Con a little bit.
There's not going to be a show over Labor Day weekend.
I don't know if I should say this.
There may not be a show the week after either.
I didn't get a chance to tell you yet why. I'll tell you off air.
I will know next week, and it's something I can't control.
So I'll tell you off air why, but we'll talk about that later.
Dark Sakura and Loki may put something else together.
We have to figure all that out because I got something dropped on me.
I will know next week for sure.
You definitely will not be here Labor Day.
And the reason why I won't be here Labor Day weekend is because
I'm going to be at Dragon Con, which I'm really excited about.
I'm going to have a fun time. I'm sad Dark Sakura and Loki can't come with me,
but I'll have fun for the three of us at Dragon Con.
And if you want to come see me at Dragon Con,
probably the best time to do that would be to come to the VOG Super Show panel,
which is going to be Saturday night at 5.30 as part of the podcasting track.
So definitely come see that. Saturday night at 5.30 is the VOG Super Show.
Not just me, Bobby Black Wolf, Pod Culture.
Travis Donovan's going to be there. One of the Critical Myth guys is there.
I hope I'm not forgetting anybody.
So it'll be a whole bunch of us that do shows at VOG,
and possibly some surprises in store during that panel.
That's all I can say.
Like magical plane tickets for me.
Well, and you get a car, and you get a car. No, nothing like that.
If you miss me Saturday night, because, I don't know, there's something else going on,
a good time to find me would be Monday at 11.30.
There's a streaming podcast panel.
Bobby's going to be a part of that, so I will be there just to support.
And, you know, me too. I do a streaming podcast.
So I'll be there. That would be your second chance to see me.
But then I fly out of town Monday night, so if you don't see me Monday at 11.30,
you probably missed me. Just saying.
So I will remind you of that next week during the last show before Dragon Con.
Just saying.
Otherwise, friend us on Twitter. Twitter.com slash O-L-R.
We're also on Facebook. Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
Let's go to our news tonight.
Loki, why don't you start us off?
Alright.
So, there's been a lot of changes for the Xbox One for sure since the original announcement.
They're trying to fix what people didn't like.
And so here's another notch to add to that.
The Xbox One will no longer require the Kinect to be plugged in in order for the system to work.
That's right. You can play with the system unconnected from the Kinect.
However, if you're going to play a game that requires the Kinect, then obviously you have to plug it in.
But they are still including it in the box.
And right now, it's not something that they're going to be putting in a separate SKU or something without the Kinect.
So it's still going to be $4.99.
It still has the Kinect in the box.
Alright. And then the other thing.
Xbox One controllers.
I know I'm interested in getting one just for PC at the very least.
You can get one for PC, but the drivers aren't coming out until 2014.
And basically, as we've stated, the Xbox One controller, although it looks similar in many ways, shares no underlying technology with the current Xbox 360.
New wireless protocol combined with the ability to work in wired mode and additional features like impulse triggers, means software has to be written and optimized for the PC.
However, this week there was a big announcement for Call of Duty showing off the multiplayer.
And the game was being played on PC with Xbox One controllers.
So those dumb fucks have the drivers, but they're making excuses so that if you really want to play with that controller, you better buy an Xbox One.
Just playing devil's advocate, could they have been developed third party? Could it be a Joy to Key situation?
No, it's not because it was on a PC version of the game because they were able to go in the options and there was an enable gamepad option on there.
Why would you purposely delay the release of the drivers?
Because people then, oh I want to get the Xbox One experience with Call of Duty and Battlefield, I'm just going to buy the PC versions and I don't need to buy a next gen console for that.
So what they're trying to do is trying to get the sync in so all these people that really need to have that controller are going to buy, you know.
I would think you just pull, yank the 360 controllers off the market, well I guess you really can't do that when you're still selling the console.
Because I was going to say, for the PC people, make that not an option, they have to get the Xbox One.
It's not a huge deal because I mean, all you're really getting is those impulse control, the impulse triggers or whatever, so I guess they have to build that in.
But it's still kind of stupid, I don't know why they would do that, but whatever, you know, that's their decision then I guess I just won't buy another controller.
Not that I really need one anyways.
Are you getting the one at launch at this point? I didn't think you were.
I'm not planning on getting one at all at the moment.
And I'm still kind of on the fence with the PlayStation 4 just because of Grand Theft Auto 5.
Just because the launch lineup is not that strong, I mean there's a kill zone which looks cool, but it's not really a game I'm interested in.
Like I've played some of the other kill zone games and it's just not my thing.
If it was a Resistance game or something, that might be a whole different story because I'm a real big fan of Resistance.
But kill zone I'm not a huge fan of, Drive Club I'm kind of eh.
And NAC, I just really don't care about that.
Infamous looks great, so I'd definitely pick up Infamous next year, but I still might.
I still may pick one up just because I already have my pre-order in with Amazon.
We'll see, we'll see what they announce this week and stuff.
Maybe they'll announce that there's a packing game or something like that.
That might sweeten the deal a little bit.
GameGuru also has a good point in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com when it comes to this Call of Duty ghosts and all this.
GameGuru says people could just stick with a 360 controller.
That's true, you could.
So that would seem really ridiculous that they would hold back the drivers for that reason you're saying.
Because if somebody really wants to have a console experience on a PC or whatever,
If you really want to play controller on the PC, then just yeah, use the 360 controller.
Exactly, but my point is, so they have the drivers available, so their reasoning behind it is,
Oh, we have to develop new drivers is a bunch of bullshit because those drivers are available.
And yes, I can understand if it was running on an Xbox One dev kit that happened to be a PC.
Okay, I understand that that's a little different, but this was a PC version of the game because they saw the PC options in there.
And, you know, maybe it's a PC version of the game that they're gonna port to the Xbox One.
I have no fucking clue, but the drivers do exist in some form, whether it be developer only or whatever.
But it's not that hard to develop drivers for a controller. I mean, come on.
Yeah, it wouldn't seem like it's that.
I would think if anything, I'm thinking probably you'd see a third party solution from some hackers.
Is there gonna be a USB plugged in version?
Well, that's the thing. The controller has a battery pack that you can put in there.
And when you plug it in, it shuts off the radio for the wireless. So it acts like a wired controller.
This is like a PlayStation 3 controller.
Yeah. Okay. Sort of. Yeah.
Sort of. Okay.
All right. Well, speaking of Xbox One, some changes with the launch of the Xbox One.
And that is certain countries kind of got screwed with the launch because Xbox One was originally going to launch in 21 different countries.
However, Microsoft in a blog post said that goal was too aggressive and that Xbox One will only be available in 13 territories this November.
So Belgium, Denmark, Finland, Netherlands, Norway, Russia, Sweden, Switzerland, you got screwed.
So you will get the console in 2014 instead.
You know what? Russia earned it.
That's a whole nother Oprah.
Being dickish.
Bad chip yields is what has that they can't make enough to cover all those countries.
Maybe they're just trying to fortify their position in the countries that they know that they can do well in.
But it's still kind of lame.
I mean, I understand why they're doing it.
But at the same time, you know, especially like I would it's I'm surprised that they're not trying to make more headway in Japan.
They just like.
Oh, they we've written it up. They have written off Japan.
Literally, you know, for the Xbox 360.
We're definitely not going to try any harder.
Maybe maybe I shouldn't say that because they are supposed to be doing Tokyo Game Show.
They're trying to build buzz somehow over there.
And who knows what they're keeping in their hat to show at Tokyo Game Show.
You know, that maybe would be something, you know, you never know what type of studio they pulled together to create a very, you know, Japanese RPG or something.
Although I guess they tried that on 360 and it didn't totally pan out, although I loved Lost Odyssey.
That was a hugely neglected 360 game.
That is amazing if you love JRPGs.
But then Blue Dragon was kind of well, it had its fans.
Jamie loved it. I thought it was.
I was high on Vicodin, Rob.
I mean, it was cool, you know, and I always like Toriyama's art style.
I mean, dude designed Chrono Trigger.
But anyway, my point is, you don't know what they're what rabbit they're going to pull out of their hat at Tokyo Game Show.
So maybe I shouldn't say they've written off Japan, but it sure feels like it sometimes.
IkumaJP says we don't care.
And well, and you guys clearly have shown that through the Xbox 360, which, you know, fair is fair.
Anyhow, just quickly, these are the territories that will get Xbox One.
Australia, Austria, Brazil, Canada, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Mexico, Spain, United Kingdom, United States, New Zealand.
I'm glad Germany's on there because that'd be really awkward to make an announcement.
Hey, this console will be launching this year.
Oh, wait. No, not for you guys.
All right. Anyhow, going on to Xbox One.
Now, here's the thing that well, let's assume it wasn't coming out in Germany for whatever reason and might actually be OK.
And these countries that want one bad enough.
Guess what? The Xbox One games are no longer going to be region locked.
Sorry.
The Xbox One games will not be region locked.
So in an interview with Eurogamer, Xbox One, they said when the console launches this November, we will support the Xbox One in 13 markets.
Xbox One may be used in all countries, including the non-launched markets.
In addition, Xbox One games are not region locked.
Any Xbox One game purchases retail can be used in any country on any Xbox.
That was that was part of their original 180 flip thing that that was going to happen.
Well, clarify that, you know, even with this change in the 13 lineups, if you live in one of the eight affected countries, you could get around it and still have a good experience with Xbox One.
So this is good, though.
Yeah, I'm glad that I'm glad everybody's going region free.
I mean, this is the obvious answer. Who's still region locked? Only Nintendo at this point.
Tis tusk.
And the sad thing was, they were sort of on region locked.
Yeah, they were going that way.
Yes, they're like, I think maybe the 3DS is because they couldn't really figure out their marketplace too well.
And so, you know, they didn't know how to, I guess, make the purchase in the region free or something.
And so because of that, that might be why it's locked down.
I don't know. Maybe because of piracy.
But it's whatever.
All right, well, lots and lots of Xbox One news this week.
And a lot of folks going, it's Xbox 180, Xbox reverse and course, which, you know, I am impressed that they are doing this.
And there's even more to come, I think. Well, no, I guess you...
Was there more later? I thought we had one more Xbox story.
Well, anyway, just by everything you're saying about, you know, the Kinect and the controllers and, you know, the region locking and all that stuff.
You know, Xbox is giving people what they wanted and it's kind of impressive.
I thought originally after E3 it wasn't going to happen this fast.
Let's not forget, Don Mattrick's not running things anymore either.
So there's definitely been a change in how things are being run.
And whether that's coming, you know, at his former level or a higher level, who knows.
So, yeah, and I'm not sure how much more they're going to really be able to do, like, especially with like the price and, you know, doing a SKU without Kinect to drop the price.
I don't think that's going to happen because the whole point of having Kinect in there is they want to make sure that all the developers are going to be utilizing it.
And if you take that out, then it's going to basically it's just going to make it pointless because you're going to have stuff not utilizing it.
But at the same time, though, I don't think they utilize it that well.
I mean, hell, all the games they showed at E3 didn't use Kinect.
I mean, they may have supported it, but they sure as hell didn't demonstrate Kinect.
The one thing I liked most about Kinect was the whole people calling each other to talk during TV shows, which I know is a really weird feature to like.
But I thought that was kind of cool and something I could actually see myself utilizing, depending on the show and depending on the person.
So I like that. And knowing that all the Xbox One users will have one will make it so that more there's more people available to call or whatever.
Do you have an iPhone?
Yes.
Do you know people have an Android phone?
Yes.
You know, those have Skype on them.
They do.
And they're free.
There's something about having it right there on the TV, though. I don't know.
You know, you have a point, but the tablet stuff can be weird sometimes because the camera's, you know, pointing and I'm trying to watch a show, you know.
How many people do you actually FaceTime with?
No one.
Yeah, there's like two people I ever call on FaceTime.
My mom.
Yeah. Do you really?
When my mom got her iPhone, because it was given to her, she's like, I need to learn everything on this, so you better.
I was like, Mom, do you know what FaceTime is?
What's that?
So we FaceTime from time to time.
I just, I mean, it sounds like a cool feature, but at the same time, it was like, hey, Twitter and Facebook sound like cool features on the Xbox 360.
I can check my Twitter feed and my Facebook, and then, no. It's just, it's not.
All right, Game Guru in Chat says, it is rather admirable that Microsoft is actually reversing their horrible, horrible idea, though they never should have had it in the first place.
I'll tell you what, though, having, you know, tried streaming this week and stuff, I am definitely looking forward to the console, you know, recording and streaming functionality of both consoles, so I think that's pretty awesome.
It's just, you know, I don't know, just anything to make it easier would be fantastic.
All right, let's move on to another article.
All right, well, I don't know how people are going to feel.
So for anyone who has been looking into Xenoblade Chronicles, of course, it's an exclusive at GameStop.
Well, they are pretty much defending how much they're charging for it.
Basically, it's 90 bucks, and when they were contacted, they said that they use feedback from their PowerUp members to see what titles they want to bring back.
And, you know, talking about Xenoblade Chronicles, and that they basically were saying that the price is competitive, it's based on market value, and people will pay it.
And then they say, and then they say, but our PowerUp Pro members always receive a 10% discount, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
So they're basically like, we can charge it, screw you, pretty much.
I mean, I don't work for GameStop, but I'm saying, that's what it sounds like.
You know what's funny is last week, we were talking about something else related to this whole thing, and I said, I even said in joking,
oh, the good news is all these copies of Xenoblade are going back to GameStop.
I did not realize that it was under this fucking, this outrageous pricing scheme that they're giving to us.
It's ridiculous.
I can understand that there's an actual shortage on the game and stuff, and that it's rare, and that maybe the, you know, I know eBay people might be charging more money for, you know, used copies of it because it's harder to find now.
But they fucking reprinted this shit, opened them up, and they're selling them as used, and like, look at all these rare copies.
For 90 bucks.
Yes, for $90.
And all of a sudden, you know, all of a sudden, all of the stores happen to have copies of it.
Yeah, that's very coincidental that all of a sudden, all the stores have copies, and they're used copies that happen to also still have unredeemed, was it Nintendo Club codes in there.
Oh, that's so, so convenient.
I'm gonna say something that I'm probably gonna regret saying, but this is my honest-to-God reaction when I hear this stuff, and maybe this is just the, you know, I don't know, the Les Miserables revolution person in me or whatever.
But honest-to-God, Xenoblade is a, exactly, right?
Xenoblade is a great game, and you should pirate it so you can play it.
That is what I'm gonna say.
You should pirate Xenoblade so you can play this game because it's great.
And it's, there's instructions on how to mod your Wii out there.
It was on a bunch of sites when the game was only out in the UK, but you know what?
Nintendo restricting its release to only, you know, GameStop, and they no longer sell it on their shop.
If Nintendo was selling it on their shop, I'd say, oh great, you should definitely support it by going to buy this game on Nintendo.
But if this is what they're gonna let happen, Nintendo is letting this happen, you should go pirate the game.
And hey, here's a thought too, by the way.
Look at what happens when you have one place that sells a game that everybody likes.
Only one place.
Hello? Microsoft, you know, was trying to do the same shit, what, not too long ago with the Xbox One,
that there was only gonna be one place that you'd be able to basically take back your games and stuff?
They're gonna limit who can actually sell those games?
You really think they're gonna come down in price, like Steam?
Ha ha ha! That's very funny.
Bobby in our chatroom says, I rented it via Gamefly.
That's a great solution. Probably a better one than I suggested, quite honestly.
But as much as you may think I'm terrible for what I said or whatever, I mean,
I don't think you're terrible.
The reality is, when you see stuff like this happen, that's why piracy is happening.
Ninety dollars for this game that should not be this cra-
That one company is essentially controlling price fixing, they are price fixing this game.
Yeah.
It's ridiculous.
You know what? There's limited copies out there, and if they want more copies,
they go print more copies of the game and they sell them.
But now, what they've done is they're going back and reprinting it, because you guys demanded it.
We're gonna reprint it.
Yes, I don't think the fans demanded that you charge ninety dollars for it either.
Do you know what they ought to do, is they ought to just release it on the Wii U download shop.
Yeah.
And then I would say, go ye forth and download this game, it's great and you should play it.
That would be a great, that would be a great thing for them to do.
You know what though, it's the same thing that people were fessing at people for, for going out.
I mean, it's why Target and places like that were restricting the number of Wii's people could buy,
because they knew that they were a limited number, and they were gonna go on eBay and charge a bajillion for it,
which would, you know, hurt their chances later on of actually selling the system for retail price.
Fifth Dream in chat says, oh it's a Wii game, who gives a fuck?
Because honestly, it's great. It really is.
I give a fuck.
Yeah, it's, you are missing out not playing it.
I think when I originally reviewed the game, I said it was, it's the greatest PlayStation 2 Japanese RPG you'll play on a Nintendo Wii.
Cause that's kinda what it is, but it's, you know, just because it's on the Wii doesn't make it a bad game.
Well, I still, I wouldn't pay 90 bucks for, I've paid 90 bucks for games, but usually they were new imports.
Just think what'll happen if they ever print, you know, Mother 3 and bring it over here and it's a GameStop exclusive,
and then, oh hey, we sold out of our initial copies, oh you want that again? That'll be $150.
Alright, before I say something else that's gonna get me in trouble, let's go on to another news story. Lowkey.
Alright, so Sony's got some news that they're gonna be unveiling this week at Gamescom,
and that news is rumored to be their plans for, or the release plans for the PlayStation 4.
And those are gonna be shared on August 20th during their conference.
They're emphasizing that they're gonna have a, or I guess they're gonna have a brief announcement regarding the release plans for the PlayStation 4.
And also, I guess Microsoft's supposed to have some sort of announcement as well,
though they're saying that their conference is really short in emphasizing on developers and their games.
Yeah, I think it's basically really short because that news that they were supposed to be unveiling about the, you know,
Xbox One systems being dev kits and stuff like that, that already got leaked out.
So, they don't have anything to talk about anymore, so that's kind of unfortunate.
But, I'm interested to see what both parties have to say.
Well, I'm also interested to see what release date they're gonna give the PlayStation 4. That's gonna come out this week, right?
Probably November. Everything's November. I'd be surprised if it's October.
A lot of rumors pointing to October for some reason.
They're trying to get a jump.
Originally, I thought October because there were some placeholder dates that I had from a third party that were the same day as other games,
but it ended up they were just copy pasta, their own information.
It's like, hey, your UPCs are the same too. You might want to change all that stuff.
Are we expecting any other big, big news out of Gamescom this week from anybody else?
There might be some more game announcements from Microsoft.
I know everyone's expecting maybe like a Crackdown 3 or something like that.
Although, Saints Row 4 is coming out the same day, so there's your Crackdown 3.
Crackdown 3 would be slightly interesting. If it was a launch-style, that would be even more interesting.
What's the free game on 360 now? Because Crackdown was the first half of the month, right?
Dead Rising 2 and Dead Rising Case 0.
Oh, I'm gonna have to pick that up.
Yeah, I put it in my queue. I've been putting everything in my queue, except for that last Xbox Live Arcade game, because I don't give a shit about that.
But I've been just putting it all in my queue, but I don't know, they're okay.
It's just at the same time, it's not exactly like PlayStation Plus.
I did put Hitman Absolution. The problem, and this just goes back to the whole digital download thing,
it's a 17-gig download for Hitman, because it's PlayStation 3.
Sure, yeah, it's a Blu-ray disc.
And my network timed out in the middle of the download, because it was a few hours, even though I have pretty fast internet.
Do you have PlayStation Plus, because you're downloading the game, can't you just trigger it to start downloading,
and then turn off your PlayStation and let it download overnight when it does the...
Because any outstanding downloads will download overnight.
Yeah, I could. I just downloaded most of it. I'm sure it would resume it, but it's just, you know...
It's annoying. I just wanted it on my queue. I'm probably not gonna actually play that right away.
All right, well, something we may hear about at Gamescom, although probably not, it'll probably come out later,
but there's some of these rumors about the Sony PlayStation 4 and a TV service that they're apparently building.
Now, we kind of knew, like, they were getting, you know, into some TV things from the earlier press conference,
but, you know, now it's really starting to gel together what this might actually be,
and it looks like it's gonna be some type of paid TV service.
I would have thought it would have been an enhancement to PlayStation Plus.
Maybe it still is.
God, I hope. If it's free TV and PlayStation Plus, fuck yeah.
You would think that they would sweeten the pot with that, but I don't know, maybe not.
But anyway, it's according to our report in the Wall Street Journal, because Sony made a big deal with Viacom.
Viacom is a huge media company, what, they own CBS, don't they?
And Paramount and all these companies, to carry Viacom cable channels on an internet-based service for Sony products.
So you will be able to get Viacom cable channels, which is MTV and that stuff, right?
MTV Comedy Central, VH1, I don't remember what else they have.
So, assumably, you will be able to get these channels through your PlayStation 3 and essentially bypass your cable box.
You know what?
I don't see how the cable companies are gonna let that fly.
It's Viacom, though. Viacom, you know, they're higher up than the cable companies, so I can see how they can let that fly.
It's just interesting to me. Well, I mean, we've seen throughout this whole mess of, what is it, Time Warner and CBS,
that cable companies will block, you know, whatever they want.
So I'm kind of surprised that they're gonna be able to get away with this.
Yeah, but they can block it on their own, like, as far as, you know, negotiating with, you know, other companies.
They can block it on their own service, but they can't really block it off the internet.
There's so many people that are ditching cable TV in favor of Netflix and Hulu.
Yeah, we'll just start raising internet prices.
Yeah, you're right. Probably. Probably.
It's costing us a lot more to expand our network.
Brandon, we gotta put these bandwidth caps on, because bandwidth is super expensive.
But also keep in mind how many people do you know who have ditched their landline for their cell phone.
True.
So it's more the same thing.
True, and AT&T's still kicking, right?
Yeah.
They're still putting out that blazing fast DSL.
I'm sorry. No, that's not.
Sony also to do on-demand programming and cable channels online.
There'll be a recommended programming feature that will be influenced by content providers and an algorithm of what you've been watching.
So, interesting.
June 26th, it should be noted. My birthday.
Sony renewed a trademark for PlayStation TV, likely to be the final name of this.
So who knows who might see more on this at Gamescom.
Even though they just inked this deal the other day, Apple is notorious for inking deals the night before they make an announcement.
So you could see something, but it may be a rabbit in their hat they keep till later when we have more of what that's really gonna be.
I am really curious to see how Comcast, Time Warner, reacts to this.
Be interesting.
Gameguru in chat says Viacom doesn't care. They're the guys who own CBS.
Oh yeah, Viacom is probably really excited about this because fuck Time Warner at this point.
If they can get CBS on PlayStation boxes, I mean, this is a dream for them if Sony's giving them what they want.
I mean, this is a huge piece in their favor as far as Viacom's concerned.
Yeah, you're just bypassing the whole, you know, because now you can get your, you know, you bypass everything.
Now, an interesting point, I've seen this on Twitters and so forth, so this is worth discussing.
BlackWolf says TV, TV, TV, TV. Microsoft talks TV equals, Microsoft doesn't know what they're doing, how lame.
Sony talks TV equals, this is awesome.
Okay, well there's a little difference between having an IPTV service that you have going through your game console
and plugging in a video in through your goddamn console just to, you know, you can watch TV on the Xbox One.
You can watch TV on your TV. Basically, they're saying, hey look, we have this wonderful feature that has been featured on
almost all devices since a VCR where you have a video in and then you can watch TV on your device.
All they're doing, what functionality are they really adding to my, so I basically still need a cable box.
It's just my cable box is now running through my Xbox One. That's my problem.
It was like, hey, here's this brand new TV service that Microsoft's putting out.
You can access it through, you know, the Xbox 360 or the Xbox One. You don't need a cable box.
That's a little different. That's my problem.
That and their unveil of the console, they focus strictly on a lot of the entertainment things,
which people are like, come on, I want to know about games because this is a gaming console type thing.
I think too, it's not that I necessarily dislike what Microsoft is doing, and also to be fair,
it's not like this news made me drop down the money to get a PlayStation 4.
I had made that decision long before it, but when I hear about this enhanced value, of course I get excited.
But it is all rumor. It may pan out to be nothing. And if it costs too much, I won't do it.
And if Sony talks all about TV during their Gamescom, you know, announcements and stuff, that might be a little boring.
And yeah, people would, I'd still rag on about that.
Like, okay, that's cool that you have this TV service coming, but I kind of want to know about your games.
Oh, unless they announce the tester season four. I can't wait. I can't wait.
Oh, Rob.
Dark Soccer, will you go on tester season four?
No.
Because I remember we tried to get her to go on season three.
No, they wouldn't want me anyway. I'm too bitchy.
No, they would absolutely want you for being bitchy.
I would lay the smack down on everybody and go, you know what?
I remember when the only access we had to Sony and video games was when they made the Super Nintendo sound processor.
And some limited games.
And, well, you know how PlayStation started, right?
It was supposed to be the whole CD expansion for Super Nintendo, right?
Indeed.
All right. Anyhow, let's move on.
Dark Soccer, one more story before release dates.
I was putting out my friend code. I'm putting myself out.
Well, some people may or may not be happy about this, but the games for Windows Live Marketplace is closing on August 22nd.
Which is pretty much next week.
So, anyway, they put out an FAQ on Xbox.com so that for people who have purchased games on Windows Live and their DLC, they'll still be able to play them, but they won't be able to purchase additional content.
And, basically, they're afraid that...
There's people who are afraid that they're going to be pulling the games out of Steam as well.
But, as far as that, I don't really see anything about that.
They said that the games that are on Steam are still going to be on Steam.
It's just that the Microsoft points are going bye-bye, you know, which we already knew.
I think it's just because they're putting everything on their Windows Marketplace now and no point in having two different Marketplaces.
They're putting everything out on their Inconvenience Marketplace.
Oh my God, you know, the games for Windows Marketplace, my only Marketplace I buy games, said no one ever.
Exactly. It's just, for the people who have bought things through there, they're really inconveniencing their consumers.
There was a free game you got when you signed up for games for Windows Live that had achievements in it.
I remember that's why I got it.
Tinker or something like that was the game.
Oh, Rob.
I don't remember.
Some have achievements in like Solitaire now.
And, I mean, it's kind of a big thing. I mean, yeah, they're definitely working on getting all their stuff ready for the X-Bone.
But, in the end, nobody could see me shrug, but that's all I can say is shrug.
And I shed another tear for my Microsoft Game Room, which was a part of games for Windows Live.
So, if you have that, my assumption is that you won't be able to buy the packs anymore because that was all integrated through games for Windows Live.
Although, shit, that game's pretty much long gone if you don't have what you wanted out of that.
I haven't gotten a single thing on that.
I actually had a lot. I had like 15 games.
Why do you think I was so mad when they pulled the plug on it too soon?
Anyway.
Alright, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates and out with the old, in with the new, I suppose.
Yes. This week's actually quite a bit of stuff coming out.
It's kind of a little bit of a kickoff for the fourth quarter, which is creeping up earlier every year.
So, this week, Saints Row IV on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and PC.
Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell Blacklist on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii U, and PC.
We also have The Walking Dead Complete First Season on the Vita, and it has the additional DLC in there as well.
New Super Luigi U for the Wii U, and that's the physical disc version of that.
Also, the Bureau XCOM Declassified on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and PC.
And this isn't a game, but I still think it's interesting.
The Game Stick, the second Android console, is finally making its way out.
So, they're going to have that and the dock as well available for that.
And then $79.99.
Ooh, undercutting the Ouya.
Yeah.
Alright, we'll see how that goes.
On the PlayStation 3 this week in Japan, Disorder 6 in regular and limited edition.
Dungeons & Dragons Mysteria is out this week as well, which we've talked about before on the show.
The disc release, even though there's the download release too.
Medal of Honor Warfighter gets a price reduction as it moves into the best hits.
And also out this week, Super Robot Taisen OG Saga, Maso Kishin 3, Pride of Justice comes out on the PlayStation 3.
On the Xbox 360, because yes, there are still a few things here and there on the 360 in Japan.
Disorder 6 in its regular and limited edition.
And Medal of Honor Warfighter gets that same price reduction on the 360 as well.
Moving to the handhelds on the PlayStation Vita this week, Super Robot Taisen OG Saga.
That same game I mentioned before is out on the Vita as well.
Conception 2, Sichise no Michibiki to Mazuru no Akumu comes out this week as well.
I want to know what this is about. Let's see.
Conception 2...
Sichise 7 World something.
Trying to see what kind of game it is.
Looks like it might be like a tactical RPG-ish type of thing.
I've seen that design somewhere.
Yeah.
Let me look at the name again.
Sure.
Well, here's the box art if you want to see it.
Well, yeah, but I can't. That's 7 something.
God damn it.
This is great radio. There it is. Here it is.
7th World something and I don't know.
Well, there you go.
Akumu, translate for us, please. We love you.
Help. Alright. Quickly, quickly.
Akumu-san is our hero.
On the Wii U this week. Yes, the Wii U sees a release in the Wonderful 101, which is out in Japan on August the 24th, which I believe is the same day it's out here, right?
That's very soon.
And lastly on the 3DS, that same Conception 2 game, as well as Nanami to Ishio ni Gabuko English Jotsatsu no Kutsu comes out.
Oh, I think that's an English teacher.
Which I'm assuming is up. Yeah.
Let's learn English with cute anime girls.
No, learn with Nanami.
Oh.
Hold on. Go back to the title.
Well, Nanami is missing her belly button on her...
No, she has her belly button. We can see it.
On her shirt.
Yeah, it's like a study with Nanami.
And Nanami also is showing a little cleavage.
He said you need to link that other game to chat so that Akumu-san can translate for us.
Alright, I will work on that while you travel to the UK.
I wish. On the 20th, Disney Infinity for Damn Near Everything. On the 22nd, we have Skullgirls for PC. I want that game.
Splinter Cell Blacklist for Wii U. On the 23rd, Saints Row 4, X-Com, X-Com, X-Com, no.
The Wonderful 101, which would be my reason for getting a Wii U, and Splinter Cell Blacklist.
Rob, if you get Wonderful 101, I'm just gonna move into your living room.
They have a demo available on Wii U. I've downloaded it, but I've not played it yet.
I need to see it.
Well, maybe after, well, I gotta go get Alan, so maybe during the week.
Wonderful.
You better do it for him out of town.
Alan can walk.
Hard, hard, hard, hard.
If he's listening, he's gonna cut you.
Alan, I was joking. Don't cut me.
Alright, just a couple more stories for you guys, and then the classic game of the week.
But first, Loki.
Loki? Hello?
Sorry, I was listening to a Nero song.
Anyways.
Wait, no. What is more important than this show?
Nero song?
Let's talk Call of Duty. Actually, I did watch the Call of Duty multiplayer preview thing that they did.
It looks kinda cool.
It was interesting. They did some new stuff with it.
Like, for example, they have now more character creation in there.
You can actually customize the way your character looks, and the big thing is that they added female soldiers in the game now.
Big deal.
One of the other things, though, that they mentioned that they're gonna basically allow you to take your profiles and your DLC from current gen to next gen.
Now, the profile thing is not a huge deal because that's kinda linked with your Call of Duty elite stuff, so that's kinda cross-platform as it is.
But the DLC thing's kinda neat.
So basically, if you buy a season pass or whatever on Xbox 360, you'll be able to take it to Xbox One.
Same with the PlayStation 3 and PlayStation 4.
And that's not just limited to Call of Duty as well.
It's also something that Battlefield 4 will have as well.
So you can do a one-time transfer between the Xbox 360 and Xbox One and PlayStation 3 and PlayStation 4 for your stats, unlocks, ranks, award assignments, and that kind of thing.
It's kinda lame, though, that it's a one-time deal for Battlefield 4, because what if I have an Xbox 360 at my work and an Xbox One at home and stuff, and I wanna play on both?
Why limit that? I don't know why, but that's something that they're supporting.
And if I guess the Xbox One's saying they're supporting the season pass guarantee, that this is gonna apply for a lot of different things, including, well, they had mentioned Call of Duty Ghosts and Battlefield 4.
I'm wondering if it's other games as well. They're gonna have some sort of tie in there.
Do you think a lot of people will be using this, or do you think people will just kinda already be upgrading or not?
As much as I go, oh, yay, this is a neat idea, I kinda think to myself, well, God, you have to buy the games twice? How many people are really gonna do that?
There might be some people that'll do that. I think what's gonna basically be is if, you know, say I wanna buy Call of Duty this year, and I'm not buying a next-gen system,
and then next year, I wanna, okay, we'll say mid next year, I wanna buy a PlayStation 4 or something like that.
If I buy it on PlayStation 3, I can buy the season pass, like I'll do that, buy the season pass, and then, you know, I buy my new system, and I now have to buy the season pass again.
I don't understand why it's such a big deal in the first place, because they do a lot of cross-buy stuff already on the PlayStation Network.
I mean, I think this would be more news for Microsoft, because they don't really do any of that cross-buy stuff.
So, I don't know. I guess it's a cool feature, but it's something that I think should be kind of expected, instead of having to buy the content more than once.
But, whatever, I mean, I guess that's cool if they're doing that.
I guess we live in a day and age where they didn't have to.
Yeah, it's one of those things now, and I was just gonna check here real quick to see if we have a story later on about, uh, yeah, I guess we do later on.
But, you know, a lot of this nowadays, they're talking about features that, I mean, necessarily, they're already there, but you may not be completely familiar with them, or you may have forgotten that they have them there, and now they're new.
Yeah, it's like, you know, this whole, uh, what was it with the Xbox? There was just something recently.
There was something coming up in Part B.
Yeah, I guess. No, no, it wasn't that. It wasn't that one. It was, um, the game sharing thing. Remember we talked about it last week?
Oh, yeah. Yes, you ranted about that last week.
Yes, that's not a new thing, but it's something that a lot of people don't really think about, or maybe, you know, they can spin it in a way that makes it a feature.
It might be better on Xbox One, to be fair.
It is, with the whole, you know, live sharing. It's kind of cool, so, but, I don't know.
Alright.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase, bar.
This would be awesome if it's actually happening, no idea, but, uh, there's a thing going on in Japan this week called the Pokemon Game Show, and during this event, Nintendo actually teased, potentially, don't get your hopes up, but a Pokemon title for the Wii U in 3D.
Which would be weird, because there's never been a straight-up Pokemon, like, main franchise game on the consoles. They've always been the handhelds. Now, there's been tons of spin-off stuff.
Yeah, like the Rumble stuff.
Yeah, exactly, but, uh, you know, Pinball, and, well, no, I guess Pinball was on the handhelds, too, but wasn't there, um-
Pokemon Snap.
Yeah, Pokemon Snap, and then there was the GameCube Coliseum.
They also have those weird-
That was fun.
They also have the weird spin-off games, the Poke Park games that have been on the Wii.
Well, what happened in this video is that, uh, you're playing on the main- it was playing on the main screen, it had a CG Pikachu, leading Bulbasaur, Squirtle, and Charmander in a Game Boy world, but at the end of the trailer, uh, there was a 3D Wii U Pokemon title that showed Lucario going face-to-face with Blaziken in a futuristic city.
And I- I did think to myself, I was like, you know, if Nintendo wanted to turn the Wii U around real quick, real quick, here's a way to do it.
Pokemon's prints money.
I think that they- I think it's- I think it's gonna be another, like, Coliseum title or something. I don't think it's gonna be anything like a mainstream Pokemon game.
And, you know, and I said before, with the whole Skylanders and Disney Infinity stuff, I'm like, it's really only- and I know that Nintendo is doing it in some capacity, but if that's successful, or whatever, it could just get even bigger.
Like, I know with the- the rumble- the download thing where you can only get the figures at GameStop or whatever, it does feel in some way like getting the foot in the water.
Figures are gonna be $90 now, by the way.
They're scarce.
And you can't- you can't download the figure on the internet, so I don't know what to tell you if you get screwed on those.
Technically, that's not entirely true.
Because there are apps, and they have this with Skylanders already, there are apps where people have recorded the RFID, you know, the near-field communication stuff, and you can actually simulate that with your phone.
You just put your phone on, you know, the communication thing, and you can play as that stuff.
In fact, I- I don't think my phone supports that, but that'd be kind of interesting to check out with Disney Infinity.
That might be a way to get around buying figures.
It's a strange form of piracy.
Uh, it's like... I don't know what you can call that.
You know what? We need- we need to travel back to a time when there wasn't these fucking figures they had to buy to give the whole experience to the game.
It's all about patches.
No, there was no patches back then either. If the game was fucked, it was fucked.
Games back then went through a process called testing, which I think is sometimes skipped now.
As is the case of Disney-
There was a seal of approval, goddammit.
As is the case of Disney Infinity on PlayStation 3, if Twitter is any indication.
Yeah.
Anyhow, DarkSakura, why don't you step into the gaming vault and take us back to a time when games didn't have all this shit?
Uh, by the way, I did just beat Find Me.
Oh, congrats. Did I slay the final boss?
Actually, a wandering hero did.
But you almost did it. It was one hit point off, so Rob-
Story of my life. Somebody comes in and snatches all my glory.
This is-
Story of my life.
The game is Guilty Gear X.
And the reason why I picked Guilty Gear X over Guilty Gear was, I mean, the original is because I think more people played X.
You don't have to give a reason.
I can give a reason if I- Rob! Rob!
Uh oh, this is battle music. This is the music DarkSakura kicked my butt to.
I have a story about this, by the way. Guilty Gear X, which was, um, I had it on Dreamcast.
And it's supposed to take place a few weeks after the first game.
There's a new Commander Gear. Basically, it takes everything that was good about the, uh, about the, uh, original one on PlayStation and just pumps it up a few more notches.
It's got better graphics, of course, because it was on the Dreamcast.
It's got great music. It's really, really fun.
And also, it was, like, one of the last cosplays I did. I cosplayed Biken, and my husband did not like it because of the cleavage.
So, moving forward, so yeah, the Dreamcast one had a limited, uh, release.
It came with a special mini CD, um, that had different artworks that you could view on the PC.
Um, there was a Type A, Type B, and Type C.
And, um, it had different images printed on the GD-ROM disk instead.
As far as the characters in it, it has, uh, a bunch of people from the first game.
It had Soul Bad Guy, which is funny because Soul Bad Guy was actually voiced by the, uh, creator of the series.
And, uh, it had, uh, you know, Mei, Biken, the Kaikisuke, Potemkin, Chip Zanuff, Milia Rage, Zatoone, Axolot, and Testament.
Um, it had new characters like Jim, Kurado, uh, Kurado Berry, Johnny, Anji, Mito, Venom, Dizzy, and Robo Key.
So, it was, um, a really fun fighting game. I mean, I have, I actually have the Guilty Gear petite on WonderSwan, by the way, which was also super fun.
But I've enjoyed every game in the series, but I'd have to say that I didn't really enjoy the series until this one came out.
As far as other versions came out, there was X+, that was an enhanced version that had two extra characters that came out on the PS2, um, in Japan only.
And, uh, then, um, that was on November 29th, and then there was basically just a bare bones port of the Dreamcast one that didn't have any of the extra stuff from the Japanese version that came out in the US and Europe.
Um, the two new characters were, uh, Cliff Anderson and Justice, uh, had different game modes, it had, uh, just all kinds of different moves, it was really neat, and more in the story mode and password mode.
Uh, the advanced version came out on GBA, and it was basically the arcade version, and it had all of the characters except for Robo Key.
But it had, but, uh, it was just different stuff.
There was version 1.5 as well that had some of the stuff from Guilty Gear XX, um, there was Petit, which is the one I mentioned earlier, the WonderSwan color version, which was pretty fun.
I mean, it was actually super cutesy Guilty Gear, it's all I can say, and I've beaten that several times.
Petit 2 came out, and it also, um, had all of the arcade characters except for Bike and Dizzy and Robo Key.
Um, it had Fanny coming back, I have to laugh every time I say that because that's also slang for girl bits.
Um, it was really, it was really cute. The one I owned though was Petit, and then there was Club and Raid of Arms, but honestly, the Dreamcast one, awesome.
And now the story about this, back in the day when we used to rip our Dreamcast games, um, we actually found out the hard way, this is the game that we, that my friend Julie learned to, and you remember Julie, learned how to rip
No, I forgot her.
Everyone's forgotten her because
She's a figment of my imagination.
You know what, she means well to me, I haven't heard from her in ages. So, anyway, um, Julie was trying to figure out how to rip, um, Dreamcast games, and this was the game she tried on, so we had many, many copies of the soundtrack.
Many copies of the soundtrack.
And learned quite a bit about the data that went to, uh, GB-ROM.
Or, I should say, uh, uh, GD-ROM, the Giga Disc.
So, great soundtrack, great game, great characters, lots of cosplay fun.
Alright.
I, you know, still have my Biken costume, except for the claw which belonged to Evan.
Cosplay memories.
Cosplay memories.
You know what, I got the craziest arm cramp doing the Biken costume, because Biken's missing an arm.
So I had to, I had this huge sleeve that was all torn and ratted up, you know, because she's missing an arm and the sleeve's all ratted, and she has a claw that hangs out of it.
So I had to walk around with my hand on my shoulder, and this hook thing around my, uh, strapped to my arm hanging down with the chain and everything.
And, oh my god, I had the worst cramp, and I ended up just having to think of another way to tuck it into the sleeve because it was a pain to cosplay.
But it was a fun costume.
Alright, there it is, your classic game of the week, Guilty Gear X.
Alright.
It doesn't, it doesn't feel like the game is that old, but I guess it is, it's over ten years old.
Well, the first Guilty Gear, you know, was PlayStation.
Alright.
Well, uh, that's gonna do it for this half of Orange Launch Radio, but don't go anywhere, we got plenty more show coming up, uh, including some rapid fire news.
The Fugal Question of the Week, emails, and, uh, your phone calls at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
When we come back with all more Orange Launch Radio.
Hi, welcome back everybody to Orange Launch Radio.
We are live on this Sunday evening, August the 18th, 2013, with the 516th episode of our program.
And, of course, as always, you can join us, if you are listening live, uh, you can join us in our chat room, live.vognetwork.com.
And, uh, if you're listening on the podcast feed, be it through an iTunes download or through Stitcher or whatever, well, we appreciate you guys, uh, listening along as well.
Especially, you know, it's a long show, so I know some of you dedicate a lot of time to, uh, listen throughout the week, so we appreciate it.
Hope we're helping you get through your workday or your commute, or wherever you choose to listen to this program.
Rob, I have a request.
Okay.
When we're officially into Final Fantasy Land.
Okay.
You need to make a version of Sassy Pants.
I thought about naming my character that, but, uh...
Lil Poundcake is cute, though.
Yeah, well, I named my character in Final Fantasy XIV, Lil Poundcake, and she's a little...
I always, I still want to say Tarutarus, because that's the word in Final Fantasy XI, but I guess they're...
Lelafell, or Falafel.
I call her Falafels. She's a little falafel.
And, uh, yeah, Lil Poundcake.
And, somebody actually asked me in the show...
Oh, no, it was you.
It was me, because I was asking everybody.
Yeah, you're like, where'd the inspiration for your name come from? Because there are, like, a diverse amount of...
My favorite was Sprinkles Galore.
Yeah.
And, uh, Seymour Gylove.
Uh, there was a character I saw called Fap Fap.
I saw Fap Fap. And, uh, Captain Obvious.
I bet you did, you dirty hoe.
You know what, I saw Captain Obvious.
Yeah.
And, I also saw, um, what was the other one there? I saw Ianto Jones, and I said, okay, Torchwood, and they're like, yeah, big Torchwood fans. Cool.
But, you were like, where's, what's the inspiration for your name? And, like, you know, some are named after, like, philosophers, or an anime, or whatever.
And, I'm like, uh, my name comes from RuPaul's Drag Race.
I was actually super surprised that I got the names I got, though.
Yeah. Well, it's, when there's first name and last name, it's much easier to get the names.
Yeah, but I was going for specific Homestuck characters.
Yeah.
So, I was like, why not? Because I was making a cat girl, and I wanted to name her after one of the cat trolls.
I was, uh, being asked in chat during the break at Live.VogueNetwork.com by, uh, SailorVenus, who's in our chat tonight. Hello.
Uh, what, uh, Warcraft characters I was playing these days. And, to be honest, I, I haven't really been tapped into WoW as much lately, because I kind of got distracted with single player games.
I went through my whole MOBA phase, which I'm still in a little bit.
Sassy is the best.
Well, yes, I do have my paladin. But, like, SailorVenus asked me, what's your main main, what's your main main character?
And I'm like, I kind of have, I have ADD character at this point. I used to raid with my monk, so I guess that's my main.
Was it Gordita?
She would be the best geared. No, uh, Calmain.
Calmain.
But I had my priest before that. I had Chakwas, my priest, who I raided with. I have, uh, Sassy on alliance, who I did get to 90, and I did some five mans with.
And I've geared her that way, but I haven't really done any raids.
I've, I've got your, your Rissa close to being raid ready.
But now, I also have, see, the character I was playing the most, like, two months ago was Chocolena, my hunter, who's PVP.
So, cause I, I had my PVP phase.
I think it's hard to PVP on a hunter, though.
Well, that was the fun of it.
You know what, PVP is the whole reason why I never finish Children's Week.
Oh, yeah, it can be- Stupid PVP.
You really, like, honestly, if you're gonna do PVP, just turn off chat. It'll make your life easier.
Alright, anyhow, we could talk MMOs all night, and I do on Wednesday nights on a show called Hoard House, 7 o'clock Pacific.
Pluggity pluggity. And for the record, I didn't get Nepeta, I got Mulan.
What unique context. Remember how I talked about the, uh, podcast and, and Stitcher listeners earlier?
Queen Simia, in chat, asked if I got Nepeta Lajon, which I didn't. I got Mulan, which is the one I wanted.
There you go. Alright.
But Nepeta's cute, but I wanted Mulan.
Let's go into, uh, rapid fire news tonight, and some other gaming news we're gonna go over quickly.
Alright. So, let's, uh, let's talk a little bit about discounts.
Um, the Vita is actually dropping in price, apparently. Actually, it's not apparently, it's gonna happen.
Um, but this is something else. Uh, during Gamescom, I guess, they're probably gonna make this announcement as well.
But, uh, I guess the launch versions of the system, the 3G Vita launch bundle, and also the Wi-Fi version are dropping down to $200.
And, um, also at the same time, they're going to be dropping the price of, uh, the Greatest Hits games, I guess, for $15 a piece, and that's for PlayStation 3.
Um, the other thing, too, which I don't think is on here and hasn't been announced yet.
That also includes new bundles that happen to be coming out, the new starter bundles, which, um, you know, there is one that happens to be coming out on Tuesday for The Walking Dead.
Just saying. So, um, you can get those for $200 now.
Also for $200, and this is allegedly a rumor, but it's not, uh, there is a 12 gigabyte PlayStation 3 coming to North America.
Now, I know what you're thinking. 12 gigabytes? That's awfully small. That's flash storage that they have on there, but you will be able to add a hard drive to it as well.
So, it's a good place if you wanna, if you're planning on adding your own hard drive anyways, might as well not spend any more money than you have to.
And 12 gigabytes would be enough to install Grand Theft Auto 5, I'm just saying.
Which is apparently all a person needs, right?
That's really all a person needs, yeah.
You know what? You just need to talk to Dan, because he's all kinds of happy about that game.
It is gonna encompass a lot of my time. That's all I'm saying. Anyways, uh, Fantasia!
Coming soon to VOG, the Grand Theft Auto 5 show, because it's all Loki's ever gonna be able to talk about.
They already have a Grand Theft Auto 5 show.
Grand Theft Auto 5, GTA 5 o'clock, and it's a UK show, and it's great.
Good for them, that's great.
They are fantastic.
That's awesome.
But hey, you know, since I will be spending most of my time online, I could probably guess Sun Horde House.
You sure could!
Since, you know, Horde House was a Warcraft only show, but now it isn't, it's all online games.
So yes, you could guess on Horde House to talk Grand Theft Auto 5 online.
Yes.
Because lord knows none of us will be playing it.
And you're really doing yourself a disservice.
I'm kidding, I'm super curious. But anyway.
It's not all about murdering people, you can play golf, and do yoga.
Oh, yay! Yoga! Oh man, yoga's my favorite thing in Final Fantasy XIV, I don't know about you.
And that golfing in Warcraft, that's the reason to plunk down the money right there.
You know what.
Alright. Fantasia, Music Evolved, new game coming from Harmonix, and they also have some more original pieces coming to the game,
including some works from, I guess, Inan Zur, and he did some music in Fallout, Fallout 3.
And he's going to be doing, I guess, some original versions of, or different takes on, I guess, Vivaldi, Four Seasons, Night on the Bald Mountain, stuff like that.
Also, I guess he's arranged the orchestral mix of Queens Bohemian Rhapsody in the game.
That sounds interesting.
And of course, that's coming out sometime in 2014 on both Xbox platforms.
And this is a little strange, but...
So, they have, I guess this is going to be one of those announcements at Gamescom, but PlayStation Vita Pets coming to the Vita.
It's like Nintendogs. If the dogs talked, they talk. It's weird.
Here's that killer app that's going to sell a million Vitas.
It's weird that they're talking. I just, the whole point...
I don't want you to talk.
Exactly. And they talk like that generic after school TV, kids Disney show or something like that that's really annoying and grinding on your brain.
It would really only be awesome if you could take your PlayStation Pets and import them into Tokyo Jungle. That would be awesome.
That could be pretty cool.
See? You and I need to start a game studio.
Tokyo Jungle.
Dark Soccer could come visit once in a while.
Starts off like Nintendogs and then it gets really dark.
Now that I like.
It's like Battle Royale for dogs and cats.
No, but then you talk pet cruelty and I'm like, no, we can't have that.
No, it's not pet cruelty.
Oh, come on. You're the one who named your horse Politary and beat her.
That was different.
In Derby Owners Club.
That was different.
I should do like games.
You named your horse Glue.
I have in my cube.
I did name my horse Glue.
I have my, I have in my cubicle at work. There's a poster that I, it was, it's a little, I don't even know where it's from, but it basically shows how to create battle hamsters.
And it's basically a hamster that you tape, you duct tape a knife to and then they fight it out.
But that would be fun.
As long as it's over the top, then that's fine.
Like, you know, like, remember Bungie Ferret Tossing?
That, that game is hilarious.
That one's over the top.
There's another game.
And once again, the name is escaping me that has like dogs with tank cannons on them.
And I don't remember what it was called, but it's something that it's got a few games in the series and it was on PlayStation 2 and stuff.
They had, it's like, literally they have like dogs with tank cannons on, like giant tank cannons.
Not just a clever name.
Artillery. It's, it's ridiculous.
Dogs with guns.
That's like worms.
You know what?
That's worms.
Actually, you remember, okay, going back to WoW for just a second.
Yeah.
That one little, where was it?
It was in wherever the Taran area is up on top of a plateau.
Thunder Bluff, right?
Was it, was it there or was it somewhere closer to human lands where there were the-
There's Metal Saga, by the way.
Where there were the hamsters and the rabbits that would suddenly, you know, have knives.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
And shit.
Yeah.
I just hung out there for hours just watching them.
Because, oh, I was bored.
But anyway, but like you follow one of them around and you can actually watch them transform.
But like there was the rabbit with combat knife and the hamster with the Uzi.
All right.
Y'all and your animal fighting issues.
No, no, no.
See, this is what I'm telling you.
That was awesome.
See, that's from Metal Saga right there.
Okay, I have to play this.
I gotta move on.
I want Ashiba Inu with bazooka.
Moving on, moving on.
That's what Call of Duty ghost scenes right there.
Dogs with giant bazookas.
All right.
I'd play it.
I don't know how many of you guys have checked this out, but there's the Humble Origin bundle,
which is available from the-
What?
Yeah, the Humble bundle has the Humble Origin bundle.
And I know a lot of people are like, ew, origin.
But the cool thing is, well, A, it's for charity.
And all of the money is going to charity.
So no money goes to EA.
So what games are in there that I already own?
Okay, here it is.
If you pay a dollar or more, you get Dead Space, Burnout Paradise, The Ultimate Box,
Crysis 2 Maximum Edition, Mirror's Edge, Dead Space 3, and Medal of Honor.
If you pay more than the average, which will be about five bucks,
Battlefield 3 and The Sims 3 plus the starter pack are included.
Any of those games that are available on Steam will let you get Steam keys.
So I believe the only games you have to have Origin installed for are Dead Space 3
and then the two bonus games, Battlefield 3 and The Sims.
I do want to play Dead Space 3.
So, well, you can go get it for like a dollar.
I've already got, though, a bunch of those other games.
And it goes to charity.
It's charity.
Yeah, and since you've already installed Origin, so you're already kind of, you know, tainted anyways,
then you can go ahead and, you know-
Might as well, right?
I took my pills.
See, I, on the other hand, I only, uh, I paid the full amount,
because I like Battlefield 3, but I just haven't played it yet.
So I like the idea of it.
I just, uh, not installing Origin, though.
But I, mainly I paid more than the average, because, you know, they always add in extra games towards the end of the week.
So I'm curious to see what those are.
And I wanted Mirror's Edge and Burnout.
Burnout Paradise, dude, that is the, come on.
It's at least a dollar you can pay for one of the best racing games this generation.
I was going to say, the charities are great.
Like, you have Human Rights Campaign.
You can just have all of your money go to that.
American Cancer Society, Sacramento, or San Francisco AIDS Foundation, American Red Cross, WotC.
I mean, this is great.
Very cool.
So, um, yeah, I mean, it's for charity.
So hate on Origin all you want, but it's pretty hard to get mad at this.
Although, I've already got the three of those games.
Maybe I'm just being the Grinch, but you have to wonder, you have to wonder,
are they just trying to get Origin put on more computers?
Yeah.
Yep, because then they're going to say, look how many people have Origin.
Origin's a successful service. Look how many people have Origin.
I hate going there, because at the end of the day this is a great thing,
but it's just that you can't help but wonder.
And you know people are talking about it.
I'm super close to patching my Mass Effect 3 so I don't have to go through Origin.
I almost bought the Deep Silver bundle, but the problem is I bought the THQ bundle,
and that had a lot of the games that were in the Deep Silver bundle.
That's very true.
So I was like, eh, I just can't see myself buying yet another copy of Saints Row the Third.
Brad from Paw Culture says, with these bundles I always put all my fundage towards the charities.
That's at live.vognore.com.
Yes, you can decide how your money is split.
The cool thing about this one is that since EA is not getting any of the money,
usually the indie developers, you can give them a chunk of the pot and by default they get some.
But this time it's all charities and what they call the Humble Bundle tip.
Yeah.
Alright, and apparently I leveled up during that segment.
Well, that was also Dan texting me, and I usually have my phone turned off.
So now everyone knows what my text sound is.
There you go.
Alright, a StarCraft MMO, and I think this is something they were actually creating in the StarCraft II engine, fan created,
but like World of StarCraft or whatever, but it got kind of smacked down.
But now it's on Kickstarter.
StarCraft Universe, which was originally World of StarCraft,
it will allow players to create a character and log into an alternate history StarCraft.
The Zerg and Protoss hybrids are around.
I guess Blizzard does bless this project now.
So StarCraft Universe, they can make this in the StarCraft II engine.
It just can't be called World of StarCraft.
That was the deal.
I remember they changed something.
So they won $80,000 that they're getting on Kickstarter, and here's why.
This is for the creator Ryan Winsen and the people he's working with to get additional pylons
and focus solely on creating the game and getting it out there in 2014 for an open beta,
which I'm assuming means I want to be able to quit my job and do this full time
and actually get it out in a timely manner.
That's what I'm reading.
That sounds about right, yeah.
There are stretch goals and other rewards, a Zerg character class if they make $100,000, and so on and so on.
Let me see where they're at right now.
Just kind of curious for an update here on this Sunday evening.
They've got 22 days to go, and they've almost made half their money.
They're at $36,000, so not bad.
They're ahead of the curve a little bit if they can keep that going,
although I think most Kickstarters, the earlier the better.
So, good luck.
I'm surprised Blizzard's kind of letting them do that,
because aren't they raising money based off of StarCraft IP in a way?
I'm sure they've got some kind of deal worked out.
I guess, and I guess at the end of the day it's all promo for StarCraft II, so.
Yeah.
Anyhow, speaking of Blizzard, another beta that launched this weekend that has a lot of people's attention is Hearthstone.
The Hearthstone closed beta.
This is Blizzard's free-to-play little card game that they've got.
It went into a closed beta this weekend.
Some folks from the opt-in pool, some press and some fansites all in the beta,
checking out Hearthstone this weekend, and there's no NDA for it,
so people everywhere are streaming their plays and so forth, which is cool.
I want to check this game out at some point.
I'm especially excited that it's supposed to be on tablets or whatever,
and a lot of people that are playing it saying it's very easy to play.
I do think it's very interesting timing on Blizzard's part,
and I don't think it's any coincidence at all that the Hearthstone beta started out of nowhere this weekend,
when a lot of World of Warcraft and hardcore Blizzard fans I think were a little bored waiting for patch 5.4.
Let me go try this other open beta that's going on right now.
I'm going to go try this Final Fantasy XIV.
So Blizzard releases this to their most vocal people,
people that are some heavy influencers in the community and so forth,
and suddenly none of them care about Final Fantasy XIV anymore.
They're all playing this.
That's a smart move on Blizzard's part, but I will say this,
and I'll expand a little bit on this on Horde House, but I can't help myself.
I have to say something now.
Because of this, I've seen some people shading Final Fantasy XIV a little bit,
and I'm just going to say, don't shade a game you haven't played.
That's ignorant.
One of these is a free-to-play trading card game that's going to be on tablets.
The other one of these is a very intricate MMO that's going to be on PlayStation 3.
They're not alike in any way, shape, or form.
NPC.
Huh?
NPC.
Yes, NPC.
What are you so threatened by, y'all?
What's so threatening?
Because people like to be right, and people like their thing to be better.
Yes, and that's kind of like blind fandom, and it's a little bit ridiculous, people.
Come on.
So, anyway.
I'm going to give you all a piece of advice.
You can like item A and also like item B.
Oh, I can like Lady Gaga and Katy Perry?
No.
I can like Supernatural and Doctor Who.
What?
I can like the current Doctor Who and the classic Doctor Who.
What?
I know, right?
Since you're a foreign Grand Theft Auto 5?
No.
Rob.
What?
I can play Dragon Age 2 and the Mass Effect series.
PlayStation and Xbox?
Xbox?
What?
No.
You have to.
Loki, that's just cross.
You have to buy one or the other.
Hey, guess what?
I have both and a Wii.
My God, people.
I know.
Cats and dogs living together.
Mass hysteria.
I love that line.
Anyway, I look forward to playing this beta at some point whenever I, you know, get my
little access.
By the way, I do have to make a little tangent.
And I forgot to mention I was playing Dragon Age 2 because I actually stopped Final Fantasy
XIV to play Dragon Age 2.
I totally missed one part where I could, to start the romance with Fenris.
So I totally cheated and did the debug mode so I could just change all the romance options.
And Becky's husband said, so you gave him roofies?
I was like, okay, that's pretty funny.
All right.
Dark Sakura, you have some rapid fire news for us.
I do.
And one of them is about Shin Megami Tensei, if I can actually get to Safari.
There is a UK release date.
It is going to be, that's actually Shin Megami Tensei, Devil Summoner, Soul Hackers.
The European release date is going to be on September, moved from September 13th to September
20th.
And it's going to be available digitally on the 3DS eShop on the following week on the
25th of September.
So that is the official release date for that.
Sorry guys in the UK.
We also have a date for Castle of Illusion remaster in the UK.
It's going to be September 4th and it will be 10 pounds.
So I would love to hear what people say.
Now, of course, it's going to be available for pre-order on August 21st on PlayStation
Network for the Mega Drive emulator.
And last but not least, we have Castlevania Mirror of Fate HD.
It has a list date that's on Play Asia.
And it says it's going to be for PS3 and Xbox 360.
And saying that the collection will have the first Lords of Shadow, all the DLC, and an
exclusive demo of Lords of Shadow 2 and will be out in October.
Yeah, it's going to be part of the Lords of Shadow collection thing since Lords of Shadow
2 got delayed to next year.
Also, Brazil's games rating board had for December 2012, I'm sorry, in December 2012
Mirror of Fate was on the Brazil rating board.
And they're also saying that there's going to be a PC and Wii U one, but there's nothing
listed on Play Asia.
So that's it.
All right.
It's sad that actually that's like almost the only game.
I mean, Konami has hardly any games coming out.
Pro Evo and this.
I mean, that's it.
And the next year.
Metal Gear Solid 5.
Yeah, Metal Gear Solid 5.
But I mean, shit, they're releasing stuff less often than Capcom is nowadays.
Don't they have a lot of like kiddie stuff though?
They're all mobile now.
But they don't have a lot of kiddie licenses anymore.
No DDR anymore.
No, not even Karaoke Revolution anymore.
All right.
Let's get to the foogle question of the week.
Every week we ask our Facebook and our Google Plus communities a question.
You take those two words, you slam them together, you get foogle.
Here's the question.
There's rumors out there that Sony is making some moves to launch an online TV service
on the PlayStation 4.
Certainly similar TV integrative features are a part of the Xbox One as well.
How important is the integration of television into your video game console?
Is this sort of service something you are interested in?
Or do you think Sony and Microsoft should focus less on these online TV networks
and more on the games?
Redertainment on Google Plus says,
I gave up having a centralized box for my entertainment when I hooked up my Nest to my VCR.
My current entertainment system is essentially a series of individual components working together
that I upgrade as my will and resources allow me to do so.
Having one centralized box for everything would wreck the general aesthetic
of the altar that I worship in front of for several hours each day.
Act Def says,
For me it's truly something I don't care that much about
since most of the services they offer only work in some countries.
It's as good as Plus though.
E3VL says,
I'm not much of a TV guy so if it's part of PlayStation Plus I may check it out if I have spare time.
Definitely not going to pay extra for the service unless it has enough quality content
to replace my Netflix subscription at the same or lower cost.
Joe C says,
I live in the UK so it's probably of no consequence to me as these services are non-existent,
severely limited over here.
I don't like too many services competing with each other though.
I don't want to subscribe to them all so I always feel as though I'm missing out.
That's a good point.
Like sometimes you have to feel like you have to do Hulu and Netflix
and everybody wants a little piece of that.
And Techie Q says,
Bring it on.
It's a small but big step into breaking the traditional TV cable model.
Those are the answers on Google Plus.
Some of them I had to shorten them all
because I want to try to get in a lot of people tonight
and we still have a lot more answers here over on Facebook
so I'm going to try to shorten some of these.
So I'm sorry if I don't read your full answer
but I'm going to encourage everybody to go over to facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio
and our Google Plus page Orange Lounge Radio
and read the full answers themselves.
Critical Myth says,
It's not that important to me given that I have several other options currently
that I'm very comfortable with.
Renee, our friend from Koopa Club says,
You know it's not really that important to me to have my television services
integrated into my video game console.
I understand the concept of wanting to encapsulate everything into one unit
or box if you will to just have one place to go for all your entertainment needs.
Lauren Z says,
What if we had a gaming console that actually focused on gaming?
I know, I know, it's an odd concept but just think about it.
It could work, right?
No? Okay.
Raginator says,
If this was a year or two ago I would have said that it's very important
but nowadays I'd probably say that it's not at all important.
Shane says,
They already do that stuff for me as they all play Hulu and Netflix.
Cable TV is for chumps.
Patty E says,
I get a gaming system for games.
I enjoy the fact that I can stream video from something like Netflix or Hulu
or directly from my computer,
but that does not at all contribute to why I want the system.
Marcello L says,
All these TV features are nice,
but really I buy a PlayStation 4 or Xbox One for games.
Now if the games had a feature that tied to the channel you are watching or show,
that would be interesting.
Still not buying an Xbox One.
Daniel S says,
I don't watch TV so this won't really affect me.
I mean the wife will use it so whatever.
I just find it funny because if this is true,
Sony will get compliments for adding on to their system,
but when Microsoft makes changes to be more like Sony,
they get slammed.
The console war is a fun show.
So kind of bringing up a point that was brought up by a chatter earlier.
Mason D says,
I think they need to spend more time making use of the peripherals that they put out.
Think of if Yu-Gi-Oh! with the PlayStation Eye.
Mason says,
You know, Sony, stop putting out all this shit and then not supporting it.
Interesting.
For the Fallen Dreams answers and says,
While most gamers would agree that the focus should be towards games, excuse me,
you can't deny the popularity of consoles for multimedia for more casual users.
My father, for instance, saw the PlayStation 3 as the cheapest Blu-ray Netflix player at the time
and uses it solely for that.
If there's a market for it, companies will follow suit.
It's easier to hook up a console in your living room than it is a desktop or laptop.
That's definitely an audience I'm sure these TV things are going for,
is people that are using their PlayStation 3 as their Blu-ray device.
So, yeah, I'm sure there's a lot of people like that.
SHA100Matt says,
The thought of having additional entertainment options on top of my gaming platform is definitely a good plus,
although the gamer side of me thinks that they should spend their time investing in additional gaming enhancements.
Galley89 says,
It makes no difference to me as I don't have cable.
I would be interested in an a la carte service, though.
Geeklet says,
It's always handy, but I don't think it's really a decision maker.
I'm fine with a console just playing games.
And lastly, Mike B says,
The future is no TV as we know it, only on demand, and pay for what you want to watch without commercials.
You know what?
Quickly, those are some abbreviated comments from Facebook and Google Plus.
Check out the full answers on those respective pages.
Yes, Jamie?
I'm just saying, a lot of people are repeating pretty much what's already going on in a lot of homes.
It definitely goes on in mine.
We have a computer hooked up to our TV.
So anything that we want to watch, it's either stuff we've downloaded.
We use Hulu Plus and we have Netflix.
Anything that we want to watch, it's all there.
Becky got rid of her cable so that she could use Amazon Prime.
She's really been happy with Amazon Prime.
She gets shows for Julia in that way.
So I'm just saying, it's kind of like what I was saying before with the whole people going to cell phone.
People are abandoning their traditional cable and TV services for getting what they want, when they want.
I think as much as Mike B kind of took us out there with the whole there's only going to be on demand,
my mind kind of goes there, but I actually don't think that's true.
Because yes, I think a lot of TV as we know it today will go that way,
and a lot of the expanded cable channels and so forth.
But keep in mind, there's one thing that on demand can't do, and that's live.
The live experience can't be duplicated in an on demand service.
The live experience can be, you know, we can go a different direction with it,
such as things like One Vs. 100 and so forth,
but I think there's always going to be a place out there for things like cable news.
Things like American Idol, which whether you watch it or not, it's still a very highly rated show.
And all those talent shows, you know, The Voice and things, those are still live shows.
I think in a way, broadcast TV may experience a bit of a renaissance,
where it goes back to, in the beginning of television, it was all live stuff.
But what I think is going to happen more with that is news might go on a subscription service.
Or take the path that BBC News has done, where you can go on the website for any of their news.
They also have live stream radio.
Where, like, I caught all kinds of new music just by listening to, what is it, Radio 4?
VOG Network's the only radio you need.
But I'm saying, you know, we're even with, how about all the crap that went down in Texas?
We had live streaming going on from the assembly room.
We had the freaking internet catch the Texas Assembly, breaking the law.
Live? I watched the whole thing. I was like, where's my popcorn? I'm just watching this.
But I mean, news in and of itself, you've got your people who are still going to listen to your biased sources.
You know, like your Fox News or your CNN or all of that, you know.
But you also have a great deal more people who are looking outside of those sources,
who are probably getting pretty fed up with having, you know, their world events spoon fed to them,
and want to actually see what's going on. They're looking to those other sources.
Another good catch from our chat room, something that you couldn't get on demand,
Jim Sally in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com says,
Sports need to be live. Football and baseball will keep traditional TV around forever.
ESPN's going to go to a subscription service.
Well, they kind of have subscription services like the NFL Direct and all that, and the NHL.
Well, that's probably what they're going to go towards.
We'll see.
You know, you want your ESPN. Well, you have the ESPN streaming service,
where you pay X amount and you get all the sports you want.
You get so many sports as you start, you know, sprouting the colors of your favorite team out of your skin or something.
All right.
You turn into a buccaneer.
All right. We're going to move on from our frugal question of the week, but good answers, you guys. Good answers.
All right. Let's get back into the news, and I know Loki's been dying to talk about this next story all night long.
Of course, I was.
Yes, Grand Theft Auto V finally had their big unveil of their online portion of the game.
It's actually going to be called Grand Theft Auto Online, and it's all sorts of awesome.
What's interesting, though, is it's actually kind of its own separate thing.
It launches October 1st, if you buy a copy of Grand Theft Auto V.
And thankfully, they're doing that because it gives me two weeks to play the game before I have to worry about trying to hog online.
But you get to create your own character.
You earn money in the game, and you can customize your character.
You can buy property in the game.
You can insure your cars.
You can buy cars.
It's so deep as far as the detail in the game.
They have it where you can play the stock market.
For example, you can invest money in a car company, and you go and destroy those cars out in the street,
and then they have to make more cars, and therefore your stock goes up.
You know, kind of stuff like that.
You can pull off heists with your friends, do all sorts of other unstructured activities,
plus they also have the regular deathmatch and all that fun stuff in there as well.
Lots of interesting details coming out.
Some of them actually were from the GTA 5 O'Clock story.
Basically saying, well, first off, it's GTA Online.
It's not actually part of Grand Theft Auto 5, although it's going to start off with San Andreas,
but it will expand beyond that.
So they're planning on adding more area other than Los Santos and San Andreas to play in.
Also saying that, you know, there's voice chat.
You can actually talk in the game.
Your character will move its mouth, matching your dialogue.
It will lip sync, and the AI characters in the game will react to the urgency in your voice.
So like if you said, get on the fucking floor!
They will get on the fucking floor.
You know, that type of shit.
But if you go, get on the floor.
Get on the floor.
Then they'll start dancing.
Yeah, exactly.
Or they'll strip.
Get on the floor now.
Basically, lots of interesting stuff in there.
It's a little different.
It's not necessarily an MMO, because you can play up to 16 players in there at a time,
but you can play with other people.
So you can play with your friends and stuff like that.
You can invite random people in there.
Is this mediocre?
Pretty massive?
It's going to be pretty massive, I think.
And plus, you know, they're saying that there's also a...
This is cool.
There's sort of like a spectator mode in it.
For example, if your friends have a high wanted level or whatever,
and they're getting chased down by the police,
you can sit back in your apartment and watch on the TV,
and it'll show it like a newscast,
watching your friends getting chased by the police.
That's pretty sweet.
I'm sorry.
So if you get in a white Bronco and drive away, I can watch it on the TV?
Yeah, you can do that.
That's awesome.
And what's also cool, though, is you can jump straight into your multiplayer by...
They've got the character select in the bottom of the screen
that you use your directional pad for,
and one of those characters that will unlock in there,
there'll be a countdown until it gets to October 1st,
is your multiplayer character.
So you can actually jump into multiplayer that quickly.
I don't know.
I think I'm just going to be spending a whole lot of time in this game
because I've been looking forward to this since Grand Theft Auto IV came out.
And you've literally said,
you know, I don't think I'm getting the new consoles.
I'm not getting Final Fantasy XIV because my life will get eaten up by this.
Yes, and that's the thing.
I see myself playing a lot more of this than, say, Killzone or something.
Yeah, if I get a console, of course I'm going to check out a game with it and stuff,
but it was kind of the same thing when I got all three consoles last time.
It was like, oh, cool, I got a PlayStation 3 and a Wii,
and I played those for a little bit, but I always went back to my Xbox 360
and were playing games on that.
You can't play a ton of different consoles at the same time.
I only have a finite amount of time to play games.
And so I'm probably going to dedicate most of my time to this.
And even Call of Duty and stuff, I'm like, you know, Call of Duty is kind of pretty awesome.
I may get that just because we don't have anything to play at work
because you can't really play online at work because our firewall is shit
and we don't have a lot of bandwidth.
But, you know, if it wasn't for that, if we had access to Live and stuff,
I probably wouldn't get Call of Duty either.
And I'm still not sure if I will get Call of Duty.
I probably will get Call of Duty, but yeah, it's just I'm going to be mostly at home.
I'm going to be playing mainly Grand Theft Auto 5.
You know what I was just thinking?
With that lip syncing thing, we are going to have a ton of machinima.
Well, they already have that in EverQuest too, remember?
They have that option, so it's definitely possible.
It'll be interesting to see.
And shit, if you can pull this stuff off with, and I'm assuming it's not Kinect,
why the fuck do you need Kinect for most of those voice command games anyway?
That's what I'm always wondering.
Bang, bang, bang, bang.
Grenade, grenade.
Why do you need Kinect for that?
Oh, I know, because you have to still Kinect.
You have to make a reason for it.
All right, well, more Xbox One confirmations and so forth coming out this week.
One thing that was coming out from General Manager of Console Development Leo Del Castillo
in an interview with Gizmodo said that the Xbox One will automatically detect if it's overheating
and will make adjustments to cool itself down.
This is, I guess, something that also happens with PCs.
They can dial back the power of the box considerably, forcing the system into a low power state
to correct any issues.
So the way they designed the box, they don't want to actually intend it to ever have to go to maximum speed
under normal environmental conditions, but there is overhead.
So we'll allow the fan to go all the way up to its maximum speed,
and if that solves the condition without the user having to do anything.
My assumption is that is to curb the three light special that affected most 360s
because the system was overheating, which, granted, they corrected later on,
which I thought was through a method similar to this.
Maybe Loki knows more about that. I don't know.
They had a thing on the, well, it was when it got really hot that that fan would kick up to 100%.
So they did have something like that, but usually at that point it's like,
eh, your system's kind of toasty right now.
So I don't know. It's not new, but the whole throttling the voltage down
and actually clocking the system down is kind of new.
And once again, it just reads as though they're talking.
It's like, okay, we've got to tell some, but let people know that it's not going to red ring.
I mean, even though their systems haven't been red ringing since the old...
It still haunts them a bit.
Well, yeah, of course it would.
As it should.
I was so traumatized when my Xbox stopped working and these three lights showed up.
Well, I think some things you have to consider when you're going to get an Xbox One is,
will Microsoft fuck up the hardware again?
First world problems.
Just saying.
All right. Moving on. DarkSakura.
Me? Why do I have to?
Okay, how about something for Minecraft fans?
Well, not really Minecraft fans, but people who like first person shooters
where you kill zombies.
Or actually you shoot undead cop zombies.
Notch put out a browser based zombie first person shooter game that's called Shambles.
And it was originally made for the 70 FPS, which was basically creators making a first person shooter in seven days.
And this one, basically, you have to collect yellow orbs that are dropped by dead zombies.
And the only way you get guns and ambos is to kill dead cops.
Well, I mean, is to get them from dead cops.
And the only way that you get health is to get first aid drops that are left by dead civilians.
So they're already dead, so I guess shooting them is okay.
However, you get shot at if you open fire on them, so it's really kind of a weird thing.
I don't know. Have you heard of this?
I just saw that he did a game jam game.
It was a FPS game jam game.
It was a seven day week long thing.
Yeah, it sounded interesting. I haven't played it.
It's browser based.
Well, I'm kind of interested because he did it in Unity.
And so, you know, that's what I'm working with right now.
So it'd be kind of interesting to check it out.
I like the style of his graphics.
It is kind of 90s FPS with the pre-rendered hand.
Oh, yeah, they're all very pixelated.
That's pretty sweet.
With, you know, shadowed out backgrounds and everything.
It's pretty interesting. I just like that the zombies are just green.
I'm surprised he didn't go with Minecraft zombies because that would have been even funnier.
Yeah, but that would be expected.
I like expected from him.
So, something else regarding Notch.
That one game, what was it? I don't remember what the hell it was called.
Oh, I love that one game.
The OX-10C.
I played it that time with these people.
His space game that was supposed to be kind of a, not a sequel to Minecraft,
but still sandbox-ish and procedurally generated.
But anyways, he has decided to go ahead and stop development on it.
Basically shelving it.
This is due to kind of a creative block they had with the game.
However, he was saying though that there are some fans that are actually interested in carrying on into the project.
Basically saying that they're not using any of his old code or his name or anything.
That they're going to just kind of, I guess based on what he had, sort of create a new game.
Not really with the story and stuff, but just kind of a new concept with the original idea.
I don't know.
Which the original idea did sound kind of neat, so I was a little sad to see it go, but if he doesn't want to do it, it is what it is.
Yeah, I mean that's fine I guess to be inspired by them.
They're saying they're calling it Project Trillic for now.
And no idea what exactly they're going to be doing with it other than they're saying that they're not planning on selling it once it's released.
But, I don't know, it would be interesting to see.
I still didn't really understand what the whole game was about other than I know that you could create your own ship and then you could visit planets and stuff.
I don't know, it wasn't Minecraft, but it was some sort of crafting into it and you can program stuff.
I don't know, it was just very high concept, but I didn't really understand how it would play I guess.
And now I never will because it's not going to work.
It will come from somebody else now.
Alright, well let's talk about another Kickstarter project because this is where a lot of studios are getting funding now.
But this is an interesting project of note because this involves Japanese developers turning to Kickstarter.
One of them involved is the legendary Final Fantasy composer Nobuo Imatsu.
What they're launching on Kickstarter is called Project Phoenix and it is an indie JRPG that is trying to be developed.
The group behind it is Creative Intelligence Arts, it's a Tokyo-based company.
And they do also Eminent Symphony Orchestra that does video game and anime arrangement stuff.
Hiroaki Yura will be the director and producer on Project Phoenix whereas Imatsu will score the title.
It's not strictly Japanese developers because LA Noire game designer Vaughn Smith is supposed to be a part of it.
But also fantasy novelist Yoko Inoki, concept artist in Final Fantasy Kiyoshi Arai, sound engineer John Kurlander who worked on Lord of the Rings and Elder Scrolls V Skyrim.
So they kind of have this team together, but now they just need the money to pay them.
So they say this will be a JRPG with squad-based real-time strategy game design.
It's going to be for Windows PC, Mac, and Linux via Steam.
And they're hoping to also launch maybe some type of different limited version for iOS and Android.
Possibly a PlayStation 4 port if the group gets enough funding.
Well they got their funding pretty quick. They wanted $100,000 to do this with 23 days to go, five times that amount.
They have over half a million in their Kickstarter for this right now.
I got lost when they said it was a real-time strategy.
A squad-based RTS game, but yeah.
That just is not fun.
No Uematsu will do the music.
I'll take the soundtrack, but I won't play the game.
So let's see some of the stretch goals. Double the amount of character in Monster Models, and Uematsu will do more music.
So they've hit that goal. They're going to fight inside the Kraken if they make a million.
I don't know what that even means.
But alright. Congrats to those guys for getting their funding. I hope the game's great.
Huzzah!
You got to make a game that Jamie wants to play.
Yeah, make it a standard RPG with lots of shooting.
Go to our chat room at live.vognetwork.com.
Dark Tetsuya says, hey, we're at least guaranteed an epic soundtrack on this.
That is true.
Heck yeah.
A game I mentioned in the first half that I'm going to mention again because it was so horrifically underlooked.
Lost Odyssey had an amazing soundtrack as well, and I believe Uematsu did a lot of the music for that game.
Didn't he?
To the Google Cave!
I believe he did.
I think he did because Mistwalker, he was a part of that, wasn't he? Or I should say is.
But the music sounds right.
I'm looking it up real quick. Yes, he did do the music.
I just had that moment of shit.
He did do the music, right?
Anyhow, let's get into this music that means it is time for the mailbag.
Mailbag at orangelaundrydo.com is the place where you can send us emails.
Dark Soccer will dive into the mailbag and hopefully pull out some letters worth reading.
Deleting a spam.
It's been really bad.
I'm going to tell you guys, we will be changing that address soon.
Actually, we need to start using Gmail service for our mail project.
But you have to pay for that now, so...
Nah.
We'll talk off air.
Anyway, I'll start with a short one.
This is from Nark.
Since you had such a fun time playing Team Fortress 2, I thought I'd put in a plug for a Team Fortress 2 light game that's still in beta but definitely ready for prime time loadout.
Keep up the fun, casting Nark.
I've heard of loadout.
And we need to do another Epic Team Fortress 2 night.
People ask me, like, well, when do people actually play on the server?
It's there for you guys to get together.
Talk on Twitter and the forums and so forth and make something happen.
I myself, um, maybe will be there tonight, but I don't want to promise that.
So, um, probably during the week next week.
There'll be a night.
We just need to have a set-aside night.
Maybe after Hoard House on Wednesday or something.
Next email?
Yep.
I downloaded DuckTales on the PSN.
It plays fine, but I can't help but think the game probably looks better in the original 8-bit.
Since you guys played the original, how does it compare?
By the way, I love the animation in the vaults. It made me smile.
And that's from Rababa.
I haven't played the original in a very long time.
But from what I remember...
Well, I think, you know...
It's 8-bit.
I think I touched on a lot of this at the top of the show.
They did change some of the mechanics, and there's the new levels and stuff.
And when you're actually playing the game, the gameplay feels pretty good.
But there's all these cutscenes that were not...
I mean, the original did have cutscenes, but they weren't the same.
The poses are the same.
I mean, I thought that the new animation frames really harkened back to the original.
I did love the way it looked.
Yeah, it's really pretty.
You know what warmed my heart in such a lovely way?
Is hearing June 4A.
And I didn't mean to rhyme, but it did.
No, that was...
I love her so much!
I hate bagging on the sound, because I don't want to make it sound like it's the actor's fault.
It is not, and I'm so happy they got back together, but it's just...
I really need to hear the console one, because it sounded fine on Dan's computer.
Well, anyway...
It could have been his speakers. I don't know.
So I think I got...
Rababa, if I missed something, shoot us another email. I'll clarify.
Now the jungle music is stuck in my head.
Why not the moon music? That's the best music.
Because the fortune cookie will explain it.
The fortune cookie will explain it.
Next email.
Hi, O.L.R.
With all the various policy reversals being done for the Xbone,
you've got people around the net saying,
Alright haters, Microsoft heard you, now will you get the Xbox?
Dumb fanboys will, of course, and come up with stupid shit like,
The power brick is huge, and I believe there are lesser known points that should be brought to light.
Please feel free to correct me and offer counterpoints.
By the way, this is coming from the Nasty Canasta.
One of my favorite names.
I know.
First, I cannot help but think about the security breach that unfortunately affected Rab.
Yes, Sony had their breach too, and when you consider everything that happened between Sony and Microsoft,
it's like trying to figure out the lesser of two evils.
But Microsoft tried to keep things under the rug and didn't seem like they were taking things seriously,
which is utter bullshit.
Rob, would you please briefly recap what you went through so I can point people to this episode about the incident?
No, go through the archive. No, I'm kidding.
So, yeah, even though the Sony service was hacked some time ago, we all know how that went down,
I don't know anybody who lost money on the Playstation.
Not that that excuses what happened, because that was horrible, but I didn't actually lose money.
But what did happen is that somebody else signed into my account and bought a bunch of stuff,
bought those FIFA, like FIFA gold packs, something like that.
They ran up, I don't even remember how much it was at this point, I want to say it was about $100, ran up.
No, it wasn't like...
It wasn't astronomical, but it was certainly enough where I missed it.
It was something recoverable.
Yeah, but they had taken this money, and I was always convinced, and I've never not been convinced of this,
that the link was between EA and EA's online services, because it seems like everybody who was losing money
was losing it to some sort of EA game, be it FIFA or something else, that they were going in and getting the money
and linking my account to their pre-origin EA online service.
Somebody linked my account to one of those, and so I had to call Microsoft.
They took care of it and did what they had to do, but there was a couple days I was out that money,
and it was really infuriating, kind of violating.
And when that happened to you, the first thing I did was sign up for that EA account thing so that I could...
Yes, because I told all the listeners, I said, if you sign up for that, then they can't do it for you.
Exactly.
So I remember doing that.
But lots of people I know, like people who hadn't even touched their Xbox in forever were getting hacked like that.
And everybody would say, oh, well, Rob, you're stupid, you fell for one of those fishing sites or somewhere,
and I'm just kind of sitting here going, I'm not going to sit here and say, that would never happen to me,
because I'm not going to be that full of myself that I can't think I might make a mistake once in a while.
But I think it says something when people who haven't even used their Xboxes in so long
and would have no interest in going to any website online were also having their money taken.
And I kind of always, when Microsoft came out and said, oh, everybody's just getting phished.
That's the problem. We have a real phishing problem.
I'm kind of sitting here going, bullshit, bullshit.
And that kind of pissed me off.
And have I forgiven them for it?
I guess. It's been a long time.
Have I forgotten? Hell no.
And I try very hard not to save my credit card information or any of that anymore.
Well, there's always lessons to be learned from any experience.
Moving on.
Second, putting free apps behind the gold paywall.
I outright refuse to support a service that requires you to pay to use a program freely available elsewhere.
No matter what features and perks are available, you should not have to pay and continue paying Microsoft
just so you can watch Netflix or Hulu.
That's why I have my computer.
Lastly, Microsoft has a muddy reputation when it comes to indie developers.
In the past, we've had indies like Team Meat and Phil Fish comments on how Microsoft poorly treated them
when it came to handling advertising and patches on the Xbox marketplace.
And while the recent change to self-publishing is good, we have Retro City Rampage creator,
Brian, I can never pronounce his name, Provinciano, stating to develop that Microsoft's indie development program
is not on par with what other companies offer and there are strings attached with the change to self-publishing.
Hearing all this makes me assume that the once digital-only offerings won't be as numerous as the PS4s.
That's a nasty canasta.
And just checking, no more email. That's it.
So...
Sorry, I got distracted with a private message, but there was something else in that email I wanted to reply to
and I read it before the show. Can you recap the last two points?
I closed it.
One of them was about how poorly they treat the indie developers and how they're strings attached
and they're not very user-friendly and not receptive.
And then... Oh, thank you.
The stuff being behind the gold paywall. Yeah, that's stupid.
I don't know what else to say.
That is going to make the decision.
I would point at the Facebook commenter earlier who said the dad bought the PlayStation 3 just for the Blu-ray and the Netflix Hulu.
If they have to buy an extra subscription, you're not going to sell an Xbox One to that individual.
So, especially when you can do Netflix online for free.
Granted, yes, you pay the subscription, but I'm talking about the viewer itself is on any Internet Explorer window for free.
Microsoft probably shouldn't gate that shit.
As far as the indie developers go, you know, Microsoft could make it right and they are moving in that direction.
Even though Team Meat and Phil Fish are some of the louder indie developers out there, they're not the only ones.
And, you know, Microsoft could, let's be real,
Microsoft could throw a ton of money at other indies to get exclusives and make it right, so to speak.
So, I really don't know what that's going to look like until we see what the release calendar looks like.
But I want to say, didn't we talk about last week that they have talked about that the store is going to kind of intermix everything?
The indies and big games and all that are all going to be mixed together.
So, I mean, it does sound like they are trying to take steps to be better than they are now.
So, I think Microsoft does realize they done fucked up and they're going in the other direction.
And I think Microsoft should be giving some credit for that.
I mean, they are giving all these bitches what they wanted, you know, at the sacrifice of potentially moving gaming in this new vision or this new direction, whether it be right or wrong.
You know, they're going back to what works for people now.
So, I kind of don't want to keep dogging them for doing that.
Now, it is really going to be about the games and that $100 price difference between the two systems, which you never know.
We could still hear that whole, now they may remove it, who knows, or take a loss to drop the price if they're that desperate enough.
I don't know. I kind of don't think that will happen.
But here's what I could see them doing, you know, as kind of a helping thing is bundling software with it.
Bundling software or including a year of gold would be a huge thing too.
That would be a super easy thing.
It still wouldn't be enough for some people.
It wouldn't, but it would definitely sweeten the pot and make it a lot more attractive.
It's just like the Wii U needs to drop their fucking price already and all they have to do is remove the basic set and make the deluxe set the only set and make it the basic price.
I think what they're planning on doing with the Wii U, I think they're playing it cool right now because they're wanting to see how the new software, these big titles that they have coming out, are what the uptick is going to be with that.
Because if that does it alone, then they don't need to drop the price.
If that doesn't do it, then they may drop the price.
I think that's what they're waiting on is to see how it does it.
But the longer you wait, the more it's going to suffer.
Anyhow, that's it. I think I've said enough in response to that email.
So mailbag at Orangelaunchradio.com if you want to email us in the future.
Let's move on, although we are going to look into changing that this week.
So this might be the last week of that, but you can send it there for now and be safe.
Mailbag at Orangelaunchradio.com.
I don't think we'll be getting rid of it immediately.
No, but having a break coming up with Labor Day would be a great time to change it too.
Alright, let's get to the FUs of the week. It's that time.
No, we should change it to your ass.
So you can email your ass at Orangelaunchradio.com.
Don't get crazy.
I have an FU. It's to every fucking thing.
Well, not everything, but a lot of stuff. I'm just, I'm still kind of fucked off over that whole job thing.
But then again, I don't want to work for bigots, so I'm of two minds.
And FU to Bubba Gump Shrimp Company, because I had your delicious fish and chips and it murdered me.
I was sick for days after that and eat nothing but almond butter and honey.
Which is true. I ate nothing but almond butter and honey for two days.
And grapes. Grapes are good.
But just, a big pile of fuckery is abounding and I'm getting sick of it.
It needs to be, someone needs to take out the leaf blower thing and blow it out of my life.
I'm done. So sick of this shit.
Loki?
FU to, well, to my work because once again, one of our reps left and they're not hiring another person to take that person's spot.
And so then I have a ton more work I have to do and a lot more accounts I have to handle and no additional compensation.
Convince them to hire me.
Nope, they're not going to hire anybody, so not going to happen.
I'll drug them.
It's not going to happen.
And then also FU to, whoever it is in my neighborhood that's firing off mortars in the middle of the night.
It's like, wow, it's like, what the hell are you doing?
It's not fucking fourth of July. Why are you firing off mortars at like one in the morning?
People. What are you going to do?
Because people are invading.
My FU of the week goes to drama. I don't want none.
And if you try to bring drama into my life, you will not be as big of a part of my life.
So keep your trauma away from me.
Thank you and good night.
All right.
All right.
That's it.
Let's talk a little bit more Nintendo.
They had a lawsuit that was brought against them for their infringement of a 3D display patent.
And this is, of course, with the 3DS.
And they have, though, managed to reduce the, I guess, a reduction of what they were going to have to pay.
So now it's down to thirty point two million dollars.
And they're saying that also possibly there says maybe even being able to reduce it to even less than that.
So I don't know.
It sounds like maybe the evidence.
They were saying that is, I guess, unsupported by the evidence presented at the trial.
So maybe they were having a hard case and, you know, saying that they violated rights or not.
But either way, though, less money having to be awarded means that they can print more of those 90 dollar copies of Xenoblade Chronicles.
All right.
One more story for you guys, and then we're going to open up the Skype line.
One eight seven seven game O.L.R., our username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio, all one word.
Again, that's one eight seven seven game O.L.R., Orange Lounge Radio, all one word.
But we have to talk about this, our last story for tonight.
More erotic Oculus Rift games.
This is what we really want the Oculus Rift for.
This is the future right here is porn, porn, porn.
So anyway, let's see, 3D Heaven is one that's being worked on, apparently, which is a detailed full body 3D scans, which would be like, I guess, a nude model that you can just kind of look at.
Look at our boobies, look all around and look at our boobies everywhere.
Try to reach out and touch the boobies.
They give you like, depending on how you bend your head and stuff.
Damn!
Let's see what else there is here.
ThryX Games Chat House 3D.
It's real time chat client software called Chat House 3D.
And I guess it's like a voyeur mode or whatever and you can, I guess, chat with babes and maybe they'll take their top off.
I don't know.
But whatever, it's all in the real, real vision, the Oculus Rift.
3DX Chat is a multiplayer erotic game that is supposed to have Oculus Rift support.
It's called the first 3D sex game with Oculus Rift support.
There's also added support for the V-Stroker adult accessory.
Do you have a V-Stroker, Loki?
No, I do not have a V-Stroker.
Why don't you Google that?
And sadly enough, I know what that is.
Is it like a flashlight? Really, what is it?
It is like a flashlight thing, but it actually, it's USB powered.
Vrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr.
Eh.
It's your handle, never get tired.
It's masturbation for the lazy.
Move my hand back for it, that's just too much work.
I got a hand cramp, somebody get me my V-Stroker.
Mom! V-Stroker!
Okie dokie.
Mommy I have to have the V-Stroker.
Shut up Rob, you're 35.
Jim Sully wants one, whatever it is.
They don't make them in Canada.
Ok, I have to digress in a second.
Because they have something in Canada on the app store that I wish we had here.
Alright.
It's where you can be a parking attendant.
And take pictures of people who park badly, record their license plate number.
And then you get whatever their parking violation fee is, you get like up to 40% of it.
That's fucking awesome.
Oh my god!
We need this here!
We need this here immediately!
I know right?
I posted it on Facebook a while back.
Yeah but there would be so many complaints.
Who cares?
It's America and I can park bad if I want.
I'll sue you because you misreported me.
Yeah but that's the thing though.
You moved my car when I wasn't looking.
And the other thing that Canada has is Canada's worst driver, just saying.
That shows awesome.
There was an America's worst driver you know.
It lasted one season because it fucked it up.
Well do you know who won America's worst driver?
The guy who started GamerX.
Really?
That's funny.
As long as he's not driving.
In one of those weird it's a small world kind of things.
But for the record Canada's worst driver is awesome because it's actually educational.
I haven't seen either one.
Oh my god it's so good.
Alright.
It's like the only reality show I like.
Alright.
Let's see.
Was that it?
Yeah that's it for the Oculus Rift games.
That's enough.
We learned what a Vstroker is thanks to this so.
Alright we are going to go to the Skype line.
1877 Game OLR.
Our username on Skype is OrangeLaunchRadio.
The phones are open for business.
So give us a call.
Meanwhile I'll get to Twitter topics in a minute here.
But I wanted to check with Loki if there's any last minute stories.
Not really.
I thought honestly it was kind of a slow week.
But let's see.
Yeah there's not a whole lot going on this week.
I don't know.
We can talk more about Grand Theft Auto 5.
Hey you want to talk about Grand Theft Auto 5?
Acute Games.
They've got a new visualizer that's coming to the PS3.
So you can get something other than the rotating globe.
Alright you're saved by phone calls on the Skype line.
So let's go to the Skype line.
1877 Game OLR.
Our username on Skype is OrangeLaunchRadio.
But we do have a call.
Hi you're on OrangeLaunchRadio.
Who's this?
It's Ranma.
Hey Ranma.
How you doing?
I'm doing good.
How about you?
I'm enlightened now that I know what a Vstroker is.
What's up?
Not too much.
I just wanted to say a couple things about last week's podcast.
I believe it was.
Because I was kind of on the road at the time so.
Oh right you're coming back from one of your many conventions.
Yes I am such the convention whore.
You really are but that's why we love you.
Well do you have a, are you now immune to all the confunks?
No.
We'll never be immune to the confunk, the con plague, or con anything.
There was a special breed of it though that was out around final May 2001 called the Dorbola.
People in TBR Freak remember that.
What's on your mind regarding last week's show?
Well I just want to say Rob, I really appreciate what you said about GamerX.
Because a lot of what you said reminds me of some of the conversations I've had with cosplayers, con goers at anime conventions.
Because a lot of what you were talking about you kind of find there because of like similar fans of anime, different genres and so forth.
You know to kind of get together and like understand and like relate to what it is.
No they all get together and bash the homestucks.
Let's not because if we're going to go that direction nobody's getting on this skype line so let's not.
Yeah.
But anyway you're right so kind of how like having a safe place for you know like minded individuals absolutely.
Yep yep definitely.
So that's kind of is that the thrill that you get at anime conventions?
Part of it yeah because I mean I ain't going to lie ever since I had this VOG shirt my desire to cosplay has kind of cut down a lot.
I still cosplay mostly for like meetups and stuff but I just like wearing a shirt that has who I'm representing and who I am.
And I'm taking pictures and handing out cards you know it's like well this is where I want to be and I'm happy where I am.
You know that's funny because I was thinking like oh I got to cosplay for I got to cosplay for Dragon Con.
I got to think of a cosplay like I can't let Travis out I can't let Travis outshine me even though he totally will with that awesome costume.
I got to figure out what I'm going to do but then I'm like well I should just wear my VOG shirt honestly.
Rob.
What?
No no no you and I are fighting someone with a sewing machine and we're making your damn Joker costume.
Yeah in two weeks good luck.
Hey Evan and I made my Baiken costume in three days.
Fair enough.
Well come on Rob you could be we can send you a Black Mage costume.
I did like that costume that was a lot of fun.
But I do have an idea for a perfect costume for you.
You should go to Dragon Con dressed as Jesus with a rainbow sash and just walk around with a glass of water.
Wouldn't that be a glass of wine?
Exactly.
I don't want to offend people though and you know going to the deep south you know although Dragon Con is a certain crowd.
You're not going to offend them.
I have gone to conventions where people in the center where people have dressed up as Jesus walking around with the little Arby's logo above their head.
Rob should be Buddy Christ.
Better.
The most hilarious thing I thought about doing because I don't here's the thing I don't want to have to keep shaving my fucking beard off for costumes.
So whatever I dress up as I really want to have a mustache and beard so I thought about maybe doing Tingle.
But I don't want to have to.
I don't know I don't know I don't want I don't necessarily want pictures of me like that on the internet.
Joker's cool.
Joker I'll have pictures of me as Joker on the internet.
You know what I think you should do if you did the Joker costume?
You should do the first Mass Effect uniform.
Sure.
Because that one I think is a cool one.
Yeah.
Brad from Pod Culture says that wouldn't bother anyone and Blackwell says my friend cosplayed as Buddy Christ.
I underestimate the crowd at Dragon Con clearly.
Maybe just wear a bathrobe and be the dude.
I want to be offended at Dragon Con.
I really hope cosplay pushes the envelope.
I know I know I know.
We get you leather undies and you can go like Final Fantasy 11 outfit.
No.
No.
No.
And let me check my iPad.
No.
Well if we're going the route of leather we can just smoke this hard gay razor Ramon.
But Rob would have to shave for that.
I don't think I like where this conversation's going so you need to change the topic or get the hell off the phone.
We'll find you something good.
Alright.
Okay alright well changing topics I'm getting out of here.
Alright.
Well in case you haven't heard I am officially a college graduate.
Congratulations.
Mazel tov.
Thank you.
And in regards to that in one of my classes we had to do a term paper about an invention.
So and it was like minimum of five pages so I sat there after drinking thinking about it and pushing myself.
I pretty much shat out an eight page term paper on the history of the Nintendo Entertainment System.
Nice.
That's awesome.
Awesome.
So I have to say by the way because I'm coming up on another degree this semester just because I've changed my major so many times.
I am super proud of you.
Thank you.
I'm going to be a sociologist after this semester.
Alright well many many.
You just have your PhD in jack of all trades okay.
I have my PhD in bitch.
Bitch please.
You both have your degrees in that shit.
My PhD is in bitch and girl.
Bitch.
The both of you.
God.
My PhD is in reading and the library is open.
Girl.
Alright.
And I got my BA in judging you.
Alright Rama I got to let you go so we can get more calls.
Take care buddy.
Alright take care you too man.
Alright bye.
Why isn't Rama going to Dragon Con this makes me sad.
Rama you make me sad.
I miss Ron-Chan he needs to come back out here.
Right.
One eight seven seven game O-L-R.
Ron-Chan.
Or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio give us a call we'll talk.
Oh I love you fifth dream I'm a bitch of all trades.
Master of none.
Alright let's go to the phones.
I'll show you master.
We got another call coming in.
Hi you're on OrangeLoungeRadio who's this?
It's Jim Sally.
Holy shit.
Oh my god it's Jim Sally.
It's Jim Sally oh my god it's been forever.
Where the hell have you been young man?
I bought a horse farm I've been cleaning it up.
Wait you bought a horse farm?
I bought a horse farm man you remember a while ago last winter or fall I moved up north
and we were I'm going to get a better lake for you and we had to find a house and I didn't
find a really good house farm or horse farm so I bought it it didn't come with any horses
though I got to get some next year but I got stables I got a barn I got everything man
I'm ready to go I got a little pasture for them to eat their little grass and shit in
it's awesome.
Oh my god so when your daughter like gets to that age where she's like I want a pony
I want a pony you're going to be like all right let's do it I got I got a horse farm.
I got one ready on call for her third birthday next year.
Aww.
There's a racetrack like three hours away and they have the retired horses so instead
of like just killing off the you know what they do to race horses.
Yeah that's where the glue comes from yeah I know.
I'm just going to bring a couple home.
There you go I think wow that's great.
I think it's probably cheaper to get to work than gas anyway too right.
Yep dungeon buster in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com says real life animal crossing for just
animal crossing for Jim Sally yes.
Yeah except your horse won't ask you to deliver a package to the person standing right next
to you.
Congratulations on the house though that's awesome.
Yeah that's pretty good it's pretty big I love it.
It's a change of life I didn't think was coming.
Who would have thought the you know automotive bookkeeper would own a house for him someday
but here he is.
There you go.
No he's on your show buddy.
That's right we see you.
We need to get a webcam.
Listen Rob Roberts.
What's up?
Listen Rob Robert.
I've been catching up I'm sorry I've been behind on my OLR episodes but I've been catching
up this week I listen to a lot of them.
Last week Dark Sakura gave us a beautiful rendition of Final Fantasy for the Sega Master
System remember that old game?
Wait you mean Phantasy Star?
Phantasy Star.
Phantasy Star.
I'm talking about Phantasy Star.
Look at my eye you can tell I'm talking about Phantasy Star.
Alright I know I know.
You can tell I'm talking about Phantasy Star.
It's Canada it's what you do on a horse farm.
So Phantasy Star yes on Sega.
Good memories?
Yeah when I was there was a rough time in my life when I was about 12 years old 11 12
my parents split up and I'd have to go see my dad every two weeks and it kind of sucked
but every two weeks I went to go see him I would get to go to the one store in town that
rented Sega games because there's only one store in town that rented them and sure enough
one day I got there and I found Phantasy Star it was a four mega cartridge or something
it was called it was the only one they had right it was a big deal if you get the four
mega cartridge and I picked up this weirdo Japanese RPG game and I wasn't really into
them because I was only 12 or it wasn't really a cool thing to do.
Right.
But I brought it home and I played it all weekend and I was like astonished at how awesome
it was man I got my spoiler alert I got my little mirror shield and I shined it and
fucking reduced his face and suck that bitch and she all turned to stone and shit I was
like this is the fucking greatest game ever and it was one of the first do you remember
that shit man Odin gets the mirror shield and only Odin can hold it.
I remember this shit man trust me this is a big deal in my life so listen I'm telling
you right now Rob from me to you okay listen it was the first game that you could first
game I had anyway that you could save a game on those old fucking cartridges right those
old shitty blowing them cartridges and you could save it so I saved my game to the first
spot and I put a note remember when they used to have game manuals I put a sticky note on
the front of the game manual dear whoever gets this game next I get this game every
two weeks when my dad tells can you please not over save on game save number one that's
my save thanks Johnny and I thought for sure you know no one's gonna over save my game
right right two weeks later two weeks later I go to the fucking store and I pick up the
game and I grab it and I open it up and there's a note in there from the next person that
rented it I guess it said fuck you Johnny you're fucked oh my god I opened put it in
I loaded up game one and he fucking sold all my armor and shit that I had he fucking took
everything and hit it somewhere in a chest or something I had three of my characters
are dead and just a little fucking cat was alive and shit what a dick I'm being serious
I was part of the game I thought Canadians were supposed to be nice I thought Canadians
were supposed to be nice that guy was a dick I'm video game playing Canadians and not 1990
fucking 2 man Jesus Christ a lot of assholes up here man fuck totally fuck you over so
I spend all weekend but check this out this is where the story gets a little bit dirty
okay spoiler alert spoiler alert teenage or young child preteen dirty nails coming
up here okay so I fucking took the game and I was all upset I fucking played real hard
and I brought my characters back and shit and I fucking left a note in there again did
whoever gets this game next I saved my game to level one I only get it every two weeks
we visit my dad please don't over save my game two weeks later I go back and I get the
fucking game and there's a fucking note in there again I'm like oh here comes the asshole
and this time the note said hi my name is Christy my game save is number two if you
ever want to hang out and play together here's my phone number and my address and she actually
left me her phone number and her address in the fucking game manual wow can you imagine
telling your 12 year old girl your fucking phone number and address inside of a game
nowadays can you fucking imagine that shit again this is 1990 fucking 2 right 1992 did
you call the number because I'm thinking 65 year old man no dude I called the number
and it was a fucking 12 year old girl that lived like maybe five six blocks it was far
from my house but we would hang out for every two weeks for like maybe six months afterwards
and we would play the game for like I don't know an hour or two and then we would play
another game and you were 12 wait a minute well we wouldn't do anything more than you
would expect wait a minute so you had the fantasy star hookup those games hold on are
you telling me are you and we are supposed to believe we're supposed to believe and all
these chatters are gonna believe that fantasy star got you to first base yeah exactly it
got me to first base we were only 12 but I kissed her I would kiss her a little bit and
then we would play the game she'd be like no you should buy you should buy the fangs
for the cat and we don't have to buy the staff for the old man because he's stuck so
I'd be like Noah's the fucking man he saved us and of course fuck Noah buy the get the
jewels for the get the collared jewels for the we fucking have these little arguments
for like oh at least six months until summertime came and then she took off for like what oh
so we beat the game like three times together guy it was awesome we just kept playing that
same game so that's how it ends she just what that that's how it ends she just disappeared
one summer and no no no fulfilling the fantasy star summertime I didn't see my dad every two
weeks or even summertime and then we just kind of fell off man we never really got together
because I mean that was great what was that grade eight I think I went into grade seven
grade eight it was Jim Sally was my daddy and great right now you look at Jim Sally
I'm an old man that's had a kid and it's fucking wearing me down with grade seven
dude dude you make me feel old Jim Sally I was a sophomore in high school Jim Sally
Jim Sally hold on Jim Sally you still got it you still got it and you know it you still
got it you find you if you now I know you're married and you're spoken for and all that
but if you were to find yeah but if you were to my wife oh it's my wife it's Jim Sally
if you were to find that girl again today she would throw her panties at you that's
all I'm saying oh you guys are pretty look look at that look at this old car I restored
this old car so we could drive around in a just another wedding day absolutely terrible
radio and I don't care because I'm going to see pictures of Jim Sally's wife on Jim Sally's
Facebook at Jim Sally's Facebook.com there you go it's not really a real it's not a real
website you fucking idiot Jim Sally hey I can make that happen Jim Sally I fucking love
it when you call I unfortunately have to let you go so we can wrap up the show but
god damn don't be a stranger don't be a stranger and I'll be online I got the I got the farm
settled now I'll be online a lot more I promise all right promise pinky swear swear on your
fantasy star say I could fucking pick the square on this I don't know I can't really
think it's right and I I'm a state I have my pinky up I have my pinky up all right I'm
trying to think Jim Sally okay I love everybody all right we love you too Jim Sally before
before I go though yes Sakura seriously seriously tell Dan to let the world see your cleavage
you should never hide your cleavage the Lord gave you the Lord gave you that cleavage for
the rest of us to enjoy I actually am wearing a rather busty shirt today this was the bike
in cleavage if you think you'll take your ex right I'll give you that steak videoing
me then with the cleavage because we have to give you a reason to call in next week
all right Jim Sally I gotta let you go all right I'm letting you go bye to GTFO bye
he lifted his shirt up and showed us his boobies all right
if you think you can top that call one eight seven seven game OLR or a user name on Skype
is orange lounge radio oh god I love when he calls in you know it's a show I need to
find the pictures of me in the bike and outfit that I had to duct tape my boobs up you know
what I mean by the duct tape lift so yes so yeah I knew many girls in Rocky Horror that
you know you know what it takes boobs of iron to be able to duct tape directly to the skin
just saying all right that shit hurts I need to do some Twitter topics twitter.com
slash OLR SSJ 100 Matt tweets us that Tommy Tallarico and the video games live crew have
taken a Kickstarter to fund the next video games live album and yeah that's on Kickstarter
video games live level three that they're currently trying to fund on Kickstarter and I'm
sure they'll make it lots of people love their video games live Tiger Claw sends us a couple
of tweets to Warhammer 40k space wolf is card based and free to play so if you're interested
in that game the good news is that's going to be free to play also he says tweet that a
halo novelist has joined Amazon's game studio I didn't realize Amazon had their own game studio
I guess they do and I know that they're still kicking around the idea of maybe a console oh
yeah that's true because we did have that on the last show where they might have their own like
we version or whatever but yeah the writer Eric Nyland who wrote Gears of War 3 and Halo reach
he's the new director of narrative design for Amazon games so they must be planning something
they had to be planning some juicy exclusive for that Android console we'll see we'll see all
right last chance to call 1877 game OLR or username on Skype orange lounge radio I'm really
pressed that I missed video games live when they were here recently but I just had so much going
on anyway I'll give it another minute here we have no other last minute stories we covered
everything I'm not really not anything interesting all right well we're getting to about 9 30
and I think Jim Sally's Jim Sally's call was so good I saw a Sanrio did you poking her nose
she's ready for KT's that's why she's out there give me something all right I guess we'll close
up the Skype line then and we'll go around and get everybody's final thoughts and all that good
stuff thank you guys for listening to another week of orange launch radio thank you for
supporting independent radio and you know there's a lot of fantastic podcast out there from
very hard-working independent individuals and new ones showing up every week I just I just
heard of a new one on Twitter today that that makes me very excited so yeah just support
independent broadcasting and if you thought this show is awful I don't know how you made it to
the end but thank you at least for giving it a fair shot but if you thought this show was awful
at least try another independent podcast and see if you can find the one that works for you if
you did like orange launch radio all we ask tell a friend or five about the show help us spread
the word that's all we got because we don't have a big budget to advertise this or anything like
that we're gonna try at Dragon Con but um you know otherwise we don't have the you know TV
ads we can do or magazine ads or whatever so word of mouth helps a lot so you can always leave
us a nice review we haven't had a nice five-star review on iTunes in like a year so I would love
to see some new love us thumbs up on stitcher and all that helps too I know a lot of people are
switching to the streaming apps like tune in and so forth so spreading the word and sharing the
show there really helps to really appreciate it guys um that's gonna do it though let's go around
and get everybody's final thought um dark soccer I want to start us off tonight if I have to clean
up cat puke when I get home I will be grumpy my final thought is um keys I don't have I got
nothing and keys were sitting in front of me since what would you send me since Oh since Oh
Rob has pennies on his desk okay we are going insane here at the end of the show Loki last but
not least your final thought I'm gonna place more Saints Row this week and on multiple platforms
have fun good luck what the hell Bernice II oh I was like your computers but your laptop is about
to take off into space and the listeners hear that it see players I was gonna I was gonna say
that the demon jumped from Rob's toilet I'm just tired of the same CD over and over in my car so
I'm burning a new one fair enough I meant to do it earlier but fair enough all right guys that's
gonna do it for tonight be sure to be here live next week Sunday August 25th when we do it all
over again keep in mind it will be the last show for possibly three weeks possibly we're gonna try
to avert that best we can but yeah be here next week for that show episode 517 until then thank
you guys once again for tuning in and supporting our show you guys are awesome have a wonderful
week so that would mean that we're coming back on what day now would so it wouldn't be the third
because that's Labor Day we're right right when I'm ending the show we will have no show September
1st that's Labor Day okay okay first that's Labor Day I may be out September 8th which I'll talk
to you about off-air maybe that would mean we would come back September 15th okay yes we would
miss your birthday is that 15th huh okay is that when grand theft auto 5 is out okay by the way
Rob huh so next week is our last one before breaks you know happens the week after that what it's my
eighth year wedding anniversary oh my gosh happy anniversary thank you my god when this show
started you weren't married right this shows old all right we were cohabit we were living in sin
haha living in sins the best and on that note I really am ending it now everybody be quiet so I
can play the closing song good night you've been listening to orange lounge radio orange lounge
radio is a production of OLR studios to join us for a live show tune into vog network.com Sunday
nights at 6 p.m. Pacific 9 p.m. Eastern the views and opinions expressed in this program do not
necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge radio or vog network but you know they were
all still true see you next week
you
