The PlayStation 4's launch is detailed, League of Legends experiences a security breach,
and you can soon return digital copies of games in one online store.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice, it is Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 517 for this
August the 25th of 2013.
Pull up a chair in our live chat room, live.vognetwork.com where you can participate with the pro
program as we talk about video games, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
My name's Rob Roberts, here with you as always every week, my co-hosts say hello to DarkSakura
or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
Hi, how are you?
Sniffy.
Yeah, you sound, you are having hecka allergies today.
Or something, I was just, this morning I woke up and was really congested and it's all
cytus too because it's all just in my nose.
I know the city where we're based, Sacramento, California is not a very pleasant one for
allergy sufferers, but I always thought that was more of a spring thing, so you can get
it pretty bad this time of year too.
I don't even know what set it off really, I mean, it may have been left over from the
fires, it could have been, I don't know, but.
Oh yeah, those fires, there's these horrible fires burning outside of Yosemite, this big
national park that's, now it's really far, well, you know, it's probably what, like a
five, six hour drive from here.
Also, it caused a minor heat wave for us.
But, oh yeah, I mean, it's really burning out of control, so I don't think I know anybody
in the OLR listening base that lives in that area, but if you do, I really hope you're
safe and taking care of yourself, you know, and my thoughts go out to you guys, because
pretty terrible, that fire out there.
I've had Benadryl and Sudafed and I even laid down, well, it just doesn't seem to be doing
much good, so.
Well, I hope you feel better.
I'm not sick.
Despite all the fires and all that.
I feel awful though.
Well, feel better if you need more coffee, because coffee helps.
I'm full of Ricolas now.
Well, speaking of our hometown of Sacramento, I wanted to mention this real quick with you,
and we referenced this on Bobby Black Wolf's show, just before we went live tonight, but
here in Sacramento, California, you know, once in a while we get celebrities, because
they come up here from Hollywood to lobby for different bills and so forth.
Or in this case, come from England.
Yes, or we used to have a governor, but I won't go there, you all know about that.
But in this case, in town.
That's actually happened twice.
That's true.
That's true, because there was Reagan.
Yeah, he was a famous movie actor too.
But anyway, past all the politics stuff, Democrat, Republican and everything in between, doesn't
matter who you are, you love John Barrowman.
Oh, yes.
If you know who he is, we'll get to that in a minute, because Tech Master Loki had no
idea who he was, but he's from Doctor Who and Torchwood and what he was one of the people
and the new producers.
He also was on a couple of series in England where it was like, one of them was How Do
You Solve a Problem, like Maria, where they cast for West End plays.
He did stage stuff and all that.
It's basically like American Idol for stage theater.
And he's just, no matter your sexuality or who you are, you have to admit, he is a very
gorgeous, handsome man.
So a lot of people like him for that reason alone.
But he's here in Sacramento and we can't figure out why.
There's a big nerd convention coming up next weekend.
Can't he just be in town?
I guess, but I'm kind of like, well, why would he?
And I'm even thinking about the little bit I know about him.
His family's in Florida and the rest of his, and he lives in England.
Who knows?
Maybe, maybe he came to San Francisco and thought he'd swing by.
But here's my hope, since he's supposed to be at Dragon Con in a few days, as am I.
I got my fingers on my toes crossed that we might be on the same flight.
I don't pray very often, but if anybody up there is listening, I want to be on the same
flight as John Barrowman to Atlanta.
Five and a half hours on a plane with John Barrowman.
Yes, please.
What are you flying?
Delta.
It's the only one that had a direct flight to Atlanta.
It might have a first class.
You know?
Yeah, I think they do.
I wonder if, I wonder if his husband came along.
I think so.
I think he was in the pictures.
All right.
Anyway, listeners are here.
They're entirely too cute together.
They're here to hear about video games, not to hear about John Barrowman, although quite
frankly, who's going to complain?
Maybe Techmaster Loki will complain.
Hey, Techmaster Loki, how you doing?
Doing good.
Yeah?
Well, we need to edumacate you on who John Barrowman is.
You should Google him or something.
Yeah, I did.
I still don't know who he is.
Did you?
It didn't look familiar, huh?
Nope.
All right, go into our chat room, live.vognetwork.com, because we do tape live at the Voice of Geeks
Network every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern, right after
the Bobby Black Wolf show, and Brad from Pod Culture in there saying, John Barrowman grabbed
my cohost Adam's ass in a photo op, and I bet Adam didn't wash that ass for an entire
week.
Or at least the jeans attached to the ass.
At least the jeans attached to them.
Tekanist in chat suggesting I make friends with a stewardess.
I may have to.
They're called flight attendants now.
Alan Alchemy says, Rob, you aren't in first class, though.
That doesn't mean I won't still find a way to run into him.
Don't question my powers.
All right, anyhow, Loki, how have you been?
What's new with you?
Not a whole ton.
So, I thought of you earlier today, because apparently all this Grand Theft Auto 5 information
is leaking to the internet, and at first I thought, oh my gosh, there's a pirated version
of the game out there already, and those poor guys are gonna, you know, lose those
sales because it's already out there on the internet when we're weeks away from launch.
But that's not totally the case, right, Loki?
What's going on in the Grand Theft Auto world?
The European region had the digital version of it that people had preordered, became live
for a little bit, so, not necessarily live, but you can preload it, so people were downloading
the 18 gig file to their PS3, and of course, you know, they would dump it and, you know,
try to hack it to get it to run and stuff, but they haven't really been able to hack
it.
I don't think that they're gonna get it to run either, because, and there's, you know,
this guy, Good NTS, or, I think it's Good NTS, he does, like, he is one of the ones
that developed all the tools for hacking Grand Theft Auto, basically, he says there's no
way to, like, open up the archives yet, because they don't have the keys to do that, and I
don't think that the executable is included with that, I think that's what comes in the
patch, so even if you could, you know, hack it, there's that day one patch when it finally
goes live that brings the executable in, and, you know, until you have the executable, you're
not gonna build it too much with it.
But they have been dumping stuff out of it, including all the cutscene audio and audio
from the game.
You know, WhatUpG in our chatroom says the soundtrack leaked.
Yeah, so the soundtrack's leaked, and a lot of the spoilers from the game have leaked
as well, because they have all the cutscene audio, so there, people are documenting it.
I've been pretty good in trying to stay away from all that stuff, I did read one thing,
but it, you know, I kind of figured some of the people from the other games would be coming
back in the game, like in one, like a cameo or something like that, so it's not a huge
deal, but, you know, I'm trying not to read any spoilers in the game.
Wow, you're usually the first to spoil everything.
No, no, no, I never do, I never try to spoil myself when it comes to, you know, a lot of
these things.
When it comes to holy things.
Well, it kind of, just like, I try not to spoil anything, now, if there was a working
version out there that leaked through the internet, that's a whole nother story, so.
That's not necessarily spoiling, you're playing through the game.
No, that's, you know, I intend on-
Illegally.
Illegally.
I intend, eh, whatever, you know what, I intend on purchasing on both platforms, so-
I know-
I don't care.
I know you, Loki.
If it did leak, you would be downloading it and playing it, and yes, you'd be one of those
bad people, but you would still be buying two copies of it.
Oh, yeah, absolutely, so.
That's why I'm not giving you a worse time about it.
Yeah, I'm still, you know, I'm buying it on both platforms, just so I can play with my
friends, because I don't know what platform they're going to play on.
You know, I still want to play on 360, because I like the controller better, but, you know,
my boss plays on PS3, and he's trying to get other people to buy the PS3 version as well.
I guess there is one of my coworkers in Dallas, he's buying both versions as well, so.
I still want to play on 360, but I think a lot of people are going to be playing on PS3
as well, so I'll just have to play both.
And whatupg in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com also says, I am not here to spoil things.
If people want spoilers, they can look for them.
And I think that's the nice thing to do, so please, chatters, you all are very well-behaved.
Please do not spoil-
If you want to look up spoilers, it's on GTAForums.com.
They have a whole section of their forum dedicated to granting out five spoilers, if you really
want to look at it, but I urge you not to, because why would you want to spoil yourself,
you know, to some of the twists and stuff in the game?
It's just not worth it.
Soundtracks, sure, why not?
You know, you can look up what songs are going to be on there, and, you know, it has a great
soundtrack like, you know, all the other Grand Theft Auto games, so.
I'm fine with that.
I'll look at the track list, that's not spoiling anything for me.
That's not a big deal.
Yeah, I'm not going to look up any of the, you know, cutscene audio stuff, I'm not going
to listen to any of that.
Good for you.
You know, just, we're just too close to coming out to spoil myself on some of the stuff in
the game.
Good for you.
You know, like Easter eggs and stuff, that's a whole different thing, you know, I'll look
that stuff up, because it's fun, but.
Alright, well I know you are very much looking forward to Grand Theft Auto 5, what's the
big day again?
We're about three weeks out.
17th.
Four weeks out.
17th, but I'm hoping to get that Friday before.
Using your connections.
Alright.
I need it.
We'll get into what we've been playing this week, but I do have a few other topics I want
to address here at the top of the show.
First off, I do want to say a big hello and hi to the regular listeners that we have every
week for one.
We have a great crowd of folks that turn up here live every week, and you know, I mentioned
some of the chatters earlier, and those of you guys that turn out here Sunday night,
and I know a lot of you guys listen to us throughout the week, be it on the iTunes podcast
app, Stitcher Radio, TuneIn app, or whatever app you happen to be using, a big thank you
for listening to us there.
But I also want to say hello to anyone we might have met at Dragon Con, because I just
realized this is the show that will be on the feed, because we're not going to be here
live next week, because I'm going to be in Atlanta at Dragon Con, and several people
will be at PAX, Dragon Con, there's other, like here in Sacramento, they're having a
big anime convention.
SchoolCon.
Yeah, a lot of people get ready for school, so there's just so much going on this weekend.
We will not be here Sunday night, so this will be the show that anybody I meet at Dragon
Con hears, to kind of listen to the show.
So a big hello to anybody I might have networked with at Dragon Con.
If you are listening before Labor Day weekend, and you are going to Dragon Con, please come
say hello.
We're all super approachable.
We would love to meet listeners.
I've met a variety of listeners at PAX East, and E3, and PAX Prime, and whatever other
conventions I've been at, ASEN, so forth, so I would love to meet more at Dragon Con.
You get three opportunities now.
The folks at Dragon Con have been wonderful in just kind of helping us get involved.
So Saturday night, 5.30, at the Hilton, 2.03, the VOG Super Show, where several of us from
VOG are going to get together to talk about the story about VOG Network, and talk about
what it's like to have been podcasting for so long, and where we see our future is going,
and maybe we have a surprise announcement in store.
We'll be recording that, because that would be kind of cool to record that.
We will be recording that, and Bobby will be putting it on his feed later on, so that
will be awesome.
Yes, Bobby Black Wolf says hello to people in the future.
That is literally what I'm doing right now, saying hello to the future people, the tomorrow
people.
Of course, you know, I'd have to give you my little contribution on the whole thing,
and that would be sitting in the middle of my classroom, in my portfolio class, using
that time to work on logo, and my teacher being perfectly fine with it, because it was
all stuff that was going to go in my portfolio.
You know what I'll do for you, Dark Sakura, is at the panel to kind of make it like you
were there.
Just every 30 seconds or so, I'll just go, ah-ha, ah-ha, ah-ha, ah-ha, ah-ha, ah-ha,
ah-ha.
No.
I'm just kidding.
Don't sound like that.
I'm just being a jerk.
All right.
No.
You're being a bitch.
In all seriousness, giving Jamie a hard time.
In all seriousness, though, on Sunday, we're going to be a part of the Parsec Awards.
We have been honored to be asked to be a part of that.
So it's going to be like, I don't know, it's going to be like I'm on stage at the Oscars
giving an award, although it's on a much different scale.
Wear a swan dress.
That's what you should do.
If I had more time.
You need to wear a swan dress with an egg.
I would.
You know what?
I would sit on Travis's lap and lay an egg.
No.
You know what we need to do?
What?
We need to do like an airbrush place that does t-shirts and have them make you a swan.
Okay.
You've got 48 hours.
You know what?
I've had one done in an hour, so you can get a swan.
I'll draw you a swan.
That would be awesome.
A swan dress t-shirt.
That could be pretty sweet.
Pretty sweet.
All right.
But anyway.
You can meet Bjork.
So that will be that.
We are presenting one of the awards towards the end of the ceremony.
And then on Monday, there's a panel about live streaming and about doing live streams
and so forth.
Bobby's on the panel.
He's just going to support and as somebody who does a lot of live streaming himself through
this show, through game streaming and so forth.
And that'll be a good time.
That's Monday at 11, 1130 in the morning.
Just look for the streaming.
At something in the morning.
At something in the morning.
And let's just put it this way.
It'll be a miracle that I'm awake because I'll probably still be on the West Coast clock
and on convention sleep, it'll be a miracle that I'm awake.
Oh, boo hoo.
I know, right?
Eight o'clock in the morning.
On convention.
That's so early.
On convention time though.
Oh my gosh, I, I've already been told about all the drinks I'm going to be made to consume.
Let's hope I don't end up in the hospital for heaven's sake.
If I could make it to a morning where I actually woke up as late as eight o'clock, that would
be a miracle.
Okay.
Like I'm kind of dry.
I know I might sound peppy today because you know, there's a lot of things to be excited
about.
But last night, thanks to traffic, we went to San Francisco last night and didn't get
back home because of traffic until three in the morning.
No, there was construction on highway 80 where they were reducing it down to one lane.
Every asshole has to speed up as far as they can to the last minute to merge in.
Well, they were also putting up warnings that the Bay Bridge was going to be closed during
the next week.
That's not even, that's not even it though.
So what is it?
Is this like, like national or I don't know, like California state, you know, repave your
street month or something because everybody is repaving the goddamn street.
Everybody.
Everybody is doing it all like the last couple of weeks.
Hmm.
Yeah.
There's, there's a lot of construction.
So anyway, listeners don't care about that.
Uh, but dragon con.
Yes.
So things going on Saturday, Sunday, Monday, if you want to follow me on Twitter, I'll
post updates about where I'm at provided my phone has a charge twitter.com slash sky S
K I E.
That's my personal Twitter.
Uh, so you can follow me there and get your dragon con updates, uh, dark soccer, Loki,
sadly not coming with me to dragon con, but I know we'll be following the news from packs
at home.
And I'm going to school con.
Are you?
Well, that's good.
I'm actually dropping the class and taking another class.
I'm surprised you're not going to go to sack anime at least for a day.
Just check it out.
Rob.
Sack anime costs money.
Guess who doesn't have a job.
That's true.
You can't, can't pull media strings.
It was actually, I tried, it's too, too late.
Don't I'm trying to get us in for a panel next con.
Yes.
Yes, please.
I would totally Skype in.
I begged.
I know how con con wifi con wifi is a pain in the ass.
We'd love to have you, but that's why we're not live streaming.
If you want to know why we aren't live streaming the panel, especially when we have big news
to talk about, uh, that's why, because you cannot depend on hotel wifi, even though I'm
sure they bring in the Uber stuff for dragon con, which is a huge deal.
So anyway, yes.
Dragon con.
The other thing I want to talk about at the top of the show before we get into our gaming
weeks, I guess this is a little bit about our gaming weeks, but, um, I, I don't know
if dark soccer has been playing this this weekend, but, uh, the early launch for final
fantasy 14 started on Friday.
And, uh, I know we talked about this game at length last week, so I don't want to draw
this out too much, but lot of problems going on with final fantasy 14 launch, which is
really unfortunate, but, uh, they're having some severe network issues.
Once you get in the game, it's a fairly pleasant experience, except for the fact that the first
day instances weren't working, which usually most MMOs isn't a big deal, except in final
fantasy 14, you have story instances you have to do about every five levels and you go into
solo instances and beat them, which is fun and it, you know, it, it helps you learn about
your character and so forth.
But when the instance finders down, that really sucks because you can't progress your character
past like level 10 unless you had a character who was already higher levels.
So, and don't forget about the fates lasting like four times as long as normal.
Yeah.
So it's just, it's just a lot of experience.
So that was day one.
Well today they fixed it, but they did it by severely limiting how many people could
log into the game.
So so many people like you'll get, you'll get to the log on screen, you hit the button
and this, uh, server full, can't get in, server full, can't get in, server full, like over
and over and over again.
I've seen people complaining about this on Twitter.
I sat there for 15 minutes, hammering the button and I finally got in and I played for
like four hours cause I'm like, once I'm in, I'm not leaving.
But the reason why I bring this up, it's not like every MMO doesn't have their share of
problems.
I'm not defending final fantasy 14 in this regard.
I will say it's a great game.
Once you get in there and get past all this bullshit, I'm having a great time.
However, it really sucks that these network issues are taking away that attention from
what is otherwise a great game and it really sucks that Square Enix wasn't a little better
prepared for it, which every MMO has the same damn story.
Every MMO has the same exact story when it comes to launching and servers being offline
stuff.
Why did Microsoft think that they're going to be different with their whole online tie
to, you know, consoles and stuff?
Oh no, no, everybody's going to screw that up, but we won't.
We won't screw it up.
Microsoft?
Well, yeah, cause he's saying with the Xbox one, you know, and we were saying at the time
we said, look at what happened to Diablo three, look at what happened to SimCity.
Well just add Final Fantasy 14 to that list.
SimCity, perfect example of like, well, we saw what happened with Diablo three and we're
taking precautions to make sure that it doesn't happen.
And it's like, you just cursed yourself, you stupid idiot.
No matter who you are, these situations are going to keep happening.
I mean the first Final Fantasy 14 version 1.0 was such a stinker that they probably
were legitimately not expecting this many people from North America to give it a second
chance.
I think it's amazing and speaks to the quality of the game that people are giving it a second
chance.
But uh, some people like, um, do you guys know who Chris Cluey is?
He's that guy.
He used to be a punter for the Vikings and now I think he's with the Raiders.
That's sports ball.
Well, but he's a very big advocate for gay rights in the NFL.
He's not gay himself, but he's a huge advocate for gay rights is when I've gone on Ellen
and all this and he's a Warcraft player.
So he's, you know, he's a great guy and you know, is, is also a nerd as well as doing
sports ball for a living and sticks up for all this stuff.
Well, he was writing these tweets this weekend, very angry and he was so mad.
He couldn't even redeem his code for Final Fantasy 14 that he did a charge back on buying
the game.
You know, it's, yeah, I know it's kind of a dick thing to do, but I get it.
But there's probably a lot of people out there that are feeling kind of ripped off and it
kind of, it really sucks.
So what do you think gaming companies can do about these network issues?
Because I understand the concern that, well, if they, let's say they put up a hundred servers.
OK, great. So for 30 days, you have a hundred servers running rocking full of people and
then it dies off totally completely.
Well, how do we get around that?
That's the thing is that's why Microsoft's pushing the whole Azure server thing.
It's basically virtual servers.
So they they can scale them back pretty fast or scale or virtual.
Yeah, virtual servers. So basically you can scale them back pretty fast when it does die
off instead of having all this hardware that they're running.
You know, they're running a bunch of virtual machines.
And so there's that.
So maybe something like that would help, you know, and then that way.
Because I mean, it's it's a hard balancing game because you can you don't want to buy too
many servers or have too many of them running because you're not going to need them past
launch once that kind of evens out.
So you deal with, you know, spending less money up front and having people kind of be a
little bit pissed about it for two weeks and then, you know, leveling off and everybody
kind of forgetting about it.
Or you spend a lot of money and have everybody be happy.
But you're out all that extra money up to wait a lot longer before you recoup that.
Yeah, yeah. The Old Republic, huge example of some of that where, you know, even even
though they had a million servers, still they had the lines queuing up and still they had
a big mess as well.
But it calmed down after a couple of days and then interest in the game just tanked as
people's 30 day period ran out.
I mean, it still has had its fans and still has its fans, but not enough to necessitate all
the servers that game had.
And it was like a lot of servers went very ghost town, which was very sad.
Yeah, I think what has to happen is that a lot of MMOs at this point really need to kind of
challenge themselves on the multiple server way of thinking that a lot of MMOs do.
And I see some MMOs and I think Guild Wars and I'm even thinking back to the original
Guild Wars is a great example of this kind of has the and you see Warcraft moving towards
this, too, with their whole servers that they're talking about, the virtual servers where we
need to really like you might be on a different box.
You might be playing on a different machine, but it's one world.
It's one world.
And you are phased to the people that you want to play with and so forth like Guild Wars
did this. You go into the city and you could pick which one of the 50 different copies of
the city do you want to be in.
And then when you go out in the world, you're in your own little instance.
And I think that was a good way to kind of challenge the traditional you're on your server and
you don't leave those servers.
And if you want to change servers, twenty five bucks kind of way of thinking.
Well, that's just dumb anyways, because, I mean, what is copying a file across the server?
Well, that's World of Warcraft.
That's World of Warcraft right now.
It's just like it's like charging a seventy five dollars to put a cabin air filter in.
It takes like one second.
I hated the cross server instance as well, which is one of the big reasons I quit.
Hated it. I would rather be on one server.
With the people who I know are on one server.
But what if you have that one friend who's on another server?
I mean, the way WoW does it, I like that.
I hated when you're out in the world and it cross server.
Yeah, I loathed it.
Yeah, that screwed up the crafting.
But anyway, I don't want to screw up everything.
I don't want to get too much into the WoW talk because, you know, I already have another show
for a lot of that. But I think this MMO stuff is good.
If I wanted to play cross server, it was with someone I knew I could choose to play with
somebody I wanted to play with.
Right. They really need they just need to put out the server server program or whatever for
Final Fantasy 11. Just let it go.
You are dying to hack the crap out of that game.
I just want to play that game because it's free to play with would have been awesome for
that because it's got to go free to play or close pretty soon.
I mean, we'll see.
They just released an expansion.
The very last PlayStation two game ever made was a Final Fantasy 11 expansion.
Just they have to technically.
They don't have to do shit.
They have to do that.
They don't have to do a damn thing.
They have to die and pay taxes.
That's it. Anyhow.
Even then, you know, corporations get out of the tax.
All right. Let's get into how is your gaming week and specifically what types of games have
you been playing this week besides 14 and all that?
What other games have you been playing?
Dark Sakura, Fractal, Dragon Age 2, Mass Effect 3 and
Yeah, and Animal Crossing.
Is there something going on with a Dragon Age Renaissance?
Because Alan's been really into Dragon Age this week, too.
I just decided to finally finish Dragon Age 2 and I hate Anders.
And Fenris was a dick, too, but he was at least pretty.
And and he does get kind of better and he actually has a reason for being a dick.
And yeah, I wasn't super impressed with it.
It was OK. I might go back and play Origins and Awakenings.
But I just wanted to finish it that and, you know, while there was server maintenance going
on, I was like, OK, I'll just play something else.
I really didn't care. I haven't had the energy to care.
So it's like one thing goes down.
Well, it's not like I don't have 50,000 other things to play.
And that's that's the way a lot of people should look at it.
And not to dig up the old topic we just left.
But I will say, like most things in gaming, a month from now, who's going to remember all
this fuckery? Very few people.
Well, we'll still remember it, but we won't be angry.
We'll be past it because you'll be busy playing the game.
Like, remember when PlayStation three was hacked?
Remember when Xbox 360 took all those people's money through the EA games?
Remember all these things that happened that we just kind of remember when they knew it
just red ring? Yeah.
Remember when Diablo three launched and it was shit like, hey, speaking of which, Diablo
three launches in the console a couple of weeks.
How do you think that's going to do? I don't think it's going to do very well.
I don't see you pretty popular so far.
There's not a whole ton coming out in September.
Remember, there's Grand Theft Auto and then FIFA and Diablo.
I mean, that's pretty much it.
Rayman, I guess. But I think it's probably going to be the second biggest game of the
month. Jamie, was there anything else you want to say about your gaming week?
Not really. Sorry, I didn't mean to deviate from it too much.
But you were having a sneezy.
No, I'm actually I think something might have set off my allergies worse.
I hope it wasn't the kitty. I don't think it's kitty.
Can't be anything in here.
Was it the stuff I used to vacuum earlier?
Maybe I don't know, but it's like it's now getting into my eyes.
Feel better if you need to go outside for a minute or something to do it.
I think going outside will make it worse, make it worse.
Yeah, I didn't start to feel better at home until I turned on the AC and filtered
everything. I'm going to our chat room at live.vognetwork.com.
Fifth Dream says, I want the Diablo three expansion a lot.
You know, we'll be talking about that in a little bit.
Dungeon Buster says, the trailer for that looks nice.
Code Man says, never forget Final Fantasy 14, A Realm Reborn.
Well, honestly, Code Man, you could probably insert any other MMO in there.
Every MMO, every single one of them.
Never forget Ragnarok Online.
And Square Enix will probably want you to forget about Final Fantasy 14, take one.
Exactly. The smoothest MMO launch I probably played was probably
actually Guild Wars 2. I will give them credit.
That was a pretty smooth launch, but it still had its share of problems.
Defiance wasn't so bad, but that's also because no one was playing it.
All right, Loki, how was your gaming week?
I only played Saints Row 4 this week.
I actually started off playing the Xbox 360 version, but then once my Steam
version unlocked, I just went ahead and finished up and played on that.
And I'm pretty much I'm almost 100 percent complete.
I have just one mission left, so I've been finishing up all the activities
and I'm almost golden everything.
I have all the collectibles collected and I have
almost all the activities done.
I have a few more that have the gold that had silver on,
but I'll probably be done with it today.
Which brings me to
more about the game and kind of a little pseudo reveal review, if you will.
Well, I keep hearing people refer to Saints Row 4 as
the love letter written to Saints Row fans.
But the problem is, though, this game,
the only thing that seems to be coming out of it is like all these cool
like in the very beginning, the missions kind of were lame and it kind of sucked.
And then as you get to the point where you're finding more of your crew members
on, you know, you're taking them out of the simulation
and you're starting to do the loyalty missions and stuff,
it's where they start actually getting pretty creative
with the actual missions and stuff.
And there's some pretty funny stuff in there.
There is one with Asha where it's a whole rip on Metal Gear Solid.
And so there's, you know, the
the whole point in there is like, OK, in this section,
we're going to need to shoot at the lights
and then we're going to have to take out the guard. OK.
All right. Now this is going to be completely different.
What I'm going to need you to do is I need you to shoot at the lights
and take it. It's kind of funny. I like that.
And then some of the there is a mission with
Pierce, where they do like a duet with
the song. Opposites attract or whatever.
Oh, the Paul Abdul song. Yes, Paul Abdul.
So they did that. And they also sing some other songs on the radio.
But it's like that part right there kind of makes me smile
because that's the part where they're kind of getting down to like
what made the games good is like the personality in the game.
But a lot of the throughout the whole missions and stuff that this love letter
to the fans is basically like, hey, remember how cool Saints Row 2 was?
And that's it. It's like, hey, remember how cool Saints Row 2 was?
Hey, remember this guy?
Remember how you really did like this really fucked up thing to like get him back?
Remember how crazy shit was back in that?
That's it. It's if you wanted to write a love letter to the fans,
you would make a game that outperformed Saints Row 2 in every single way,
because Saints Row 2 hit that wonderful balance of crazy and grounded,
where, yes, you didn't have superpowers and stuff,
but there was a very compelling storyline to it.
And it was crazy and quirky enough that where it was enjoyable.
Then three went full retard and just, you know, how do you go from there?
Their idea was, hey, let's make it even crazier.
We'll put in a virtual simulation and we'll give you superpowers.
Well, that's kind of cool at first.
But then you realize that all these cool weapons that they developed,
you know, that you can use in the game are kind of useless
and they end up using the same weapons over and over.
Or they're just reskins of weapons that were in other games.
And also, what's up with, you know, them saying, hey,
we're not going to have these missions where we're basically going to have you
do the activities and kind of force you to do that.
No, actually, all that's in there.
In fact, the last bits of the loyalty missions that you have to do
for your crew members are all the fucking activities in the game.
That's all it is.
They didn't even bother to think of new missions.
They just like, hey, do this fucking activity because we developed it.
And the fact that they're basing a lot of these activities off of,
was it cyber blazing, which was in Saints Row the third,
which I think was the worst activity in the whole fucking game.
And now they have a whole bunch based off of that.
It's just kind of annoying.
But the game is still good.
It's just it's sad because
they remind you about how great the series was.
And there are some moments that are still great, but it's kind of
it's kind of like just going through the paces again.
They're not really.
They're not trying too hard, it seems like, because it's the same world.
It's based off the same engine.
Yeah, they tweaked some stuff, but the superpowers are fucking from the
they were from the expansion for Saints Row the third, Saints Row the third.
The superpowers were from troubled clones.
They're exactly the same.
They just kind of built upon that.
That's my problem with it.
It's just I don't see I mean, there's going to be replayability
because I know the PC version and the modding community
is going to be great on it and stuff.
And it's it's just been out for a little bit.
And they already have some pretty cool stuff available already. But
story wise, I hope the last mission is really good.
That's what I'm hoping.
But I just think it's going to be kind of a letdown.
Thank God they brought Gat back, because that
it's very clear when you once you rescue him
and you actually playing with him and some of the other missions.
It's like, why the hell did they kill that guy off?
And the way they explained how he came back is brilliant.
I like that. But it was just
once again, it's like, OK, he was a great part of Saints Row two.
And. You know, that's kind of why you need him back in the game, because
it's going to be hard to figure out where they go for the fifth game from here.
They're going to have to scale it back,
and I hope that they find a happy medium with number two.
When I'm listening to you kind of talk about your disappointment with it,
I almost feel like you're saying that you kind of feel like it's still,
you know, a lot of people were razzing the whole fact that it's
it was an expansion turned into a full game and that, oh, my gosh,
it's not really going to be a full game.
Most people I've heard talk about it say that was really unfounded
because they really did all this different stuff with the game.
And you do get that full game experience.
But the way you talk about it, you make it sound like it is more of an expansion.
It does seem like I mean, there's a lot of there's content in there.
There's missions that are pretty unique.
And, you know, I'll give them that because and they do stand out quite
well from everything else.
But a lot of it is just kind of in there, just just because, like, you know.
A lot of the stuff that they explain in the game is because of the you have
that you were hacking the simulation, but like the the mini games in there
and the activities that they have you do kind of don't make any sense.
I mean, and yeah, I understand it's not supposed to make a ton of sense,
but it really doesn't make any sense why it's in there other than it's a thing to do.
You know, like, why do I have to go in the simulation and throw balls at targets?
You know, or why do why do I have to why do I have to run along this path
and collect glowing orbs and stuff?
You know, why do I have to?
Why not? It worked in Crackdown.
Exactly. And that's the problem, too, is they took so much inspiration,
if you will, from Crackdown.
It's fucking Crackdown.
It's got the super powers.
What's the problem with that?
Everybody wants another Crackdown.
It got pretty boring after all.
Crackdown didn't really have a single player narrative to it.
There wasn't. It was basically like a go here, kill guy, go here, kill guy.
And that's fine, you know, and they have some of that.
But like some of the stuff that they took from three to try to bring it over,
like they just shoehorned it in there.
Like you have to steal.
You have the auto theft stuff where you have to go jack a car and bring it back.
You know, there's the chop shop stuff, but it's because it has a virus on it
or you have to kill this guy because he's a virus or it's like, come on.
It's ridiculous.
So to bring this back a little bit and try to try to wrap up this conversation,
the only thing that strikes me as funny is that even though you're kind of giving
I know you're a huge fan of Saints Row,
and even though you're kind of giving me the impression
you're giving this a negative review here, you've played to 93 percent completion.
So there must be something you really like about this.
I like the game and I want to get it done with so I can play Grand Theft Auto five.
And so I got to finish it before Grand Theft Auto five comes out.
Get this out of here.
It's sad. I like the game, but it's just
it feels very rushed.
And I know that, you know, the team that evolutions great and they worked on stuff.
But I feel that they've done so much better work in the past that come on.
There should be no excuse for this kind of stuff. And, you know,
I just don't know.
It's just it's very like I understand what they were trying to do with it,
but it's just doesn't like maybe it's at the point now where they're like, well,
crap, we've got to go crazier for the fourth game.
How do we do that? Oh, we're going to do superpowers.
OK, now. And then it's like, OK, well, we got to think of a new weapon.
It's got to be really crazy because people are expecting crazy.
And that's the problem is I think they've gotten stuck in that now where
everything has to be so over the top and like, oh, it's a cliche of this.
Oh, it's a play on that.
Just I think what they need to do is it's going to be interesting
when they have that expansion, the first expansion come out,
because they did something similar with Skyrim.
The Skyrim team did where it's like, OK, here's a week develop something
that you want to do and we'll put it in the game later on,
or we'll try to figure out a way for it.
And that's where a lot of the great content from Skyrim came from
was that that kind of like almost like internal game jam type thing. Yeah.
And I really wish that that's what they would do for the fifth game
where just put some good ideas together would have been really cool
for number four, because it is a simulation.
Take chunks from Saints like Stillwater and Steelport
and just mash it all together.
Just like take shit from, you know, that old map and the, you know,
Steelport map that would have at least made it different and interesting
as opposed to just, OK, we're just going to dump the same app in there
and throw some alien shit in the air and call it a day.
All right. Going to our chat room with some comments live.vognetwork.com
Shadownextgen says the homages in Saints Row four are amazing.
Fifth Dream says Saints Row four needs tiny Tina's assault on Dragon Keep
merged with Blood Dragon.
That'll be some epic DLC.
And Act Def says Loki should write a response review on VOG
if he hasn't already.
Bobby Bobby said his piece on vognetwork.com.
So I still have to finish the game, so I can't write a review yet.
I haven't finished. I haven't done the last mission yet. Fair enough.
I'm hoping that it just, you know, brings it all back, you know, but we'll see.
All right. One other question I have to ask, and I'll give this
little shout out here.
I was listening to my friends over on the video game realness podcast,
which is a fun show, and I think they tweeted you guys this week.
But they were talking about Saints Row four.
And one of the hosts was was just downright giddy
that you could dress your character up as She-Ra. Is that true?
I don't know if you can do She-Ra, but I know that they have the Rainbow
Bright costume.
That's pretty amazing as well.
But they do have like the the Thundercats, you know, thing where it's like, oh,
that's what I love. Oh, oh, I'm sorry.
Go ahead. One other real quick gripe.
And this goes back to just game design and everything.
They have like three different things that are assigned to the left
and right directional pad.
Left and right directional pad are for selecting your,
you know, abilities, your super abilities that you're using.
Also for changing your radio station
and also for doing a taunt or, you know, compliment.
All of those have to do is like touch the button,
hold the button for a little bit or hold the button for a long time.
It's fucking stupid.
It's because like half the time, oh, I'm trying to do a taunt.
Oh, I'm sorry. I changed the radio station.
Oh, no, I changed my superpower.
It's like dumb. That is completely stupid.
All right. But they have a lot of this.
That's what I really love about Saints Row is all this over the top shit.
And so I need to check it out.
So they do have a lot of cool costumes in there.
So it'll be interesting to see what other stuff that they add on with DLC.
So far, they haven't gone crazy yet. All right.
I'll quickly talk about my gaming week.
I've already talked ad nauseam about Final Fantasy 14,
which honestly has been the majority of my time as the game is new.
But there is at least one other game I checked out this week on PlayStation
three, and this was partially a listener recommendation.
I want to say I don't remember who it was.
I don't remember who was in chat or an email. I apologize.
I just remember seeing it on the store and I was like, oh, yeah,
somebody told me I should get that and play that.
So I did download Tekken Revolution,
which is the free to play Tekken game that was that's on the PlayStation three.
Now, I don't know why I had it in my mind.
That it was the Tekken card game.
I don't know why I thought that, but I did.
I downloaded it and it's totally not.
Wasn't that the PSP game?
Maybe maybe that's where I'm like crossing wires or something.
But anyway, it's not it has nothing to do with cards.
It's a straight up fighting game,
just like it was Tekken seven or something on the consoles.
But it's but it's a free to play game, which is weird.
But I, I kind of I actually really enjoyed it.
Come to think of it, you know, it was free.
And the way that they make their money is that you can play either.
I think it's like you could do five player versus player matches
or two versus computer matches before you run out of energy.
But the computer matches are like arcade style.
So if you win, you get to play again and again and again
until you get up to like a boss that you kill like seven people in.
And each time you win a match, you get a little bit of cash.
You get a little bit of experience, a little bit of these gift points.
The gift points you end up unlocking characters later on or so I hear.
I guess it takes a lot to do it because I haven't done it yet.
The money you can use to up the stats
on your character for when you go fight later matches.
So the either now I know I'm not that good at fighting games
because I was about to say either I'm really good at fighting games,
but I know that's not the case.
But I went in there and in my first time through, I picked Marshall Law
because he's one of my favorite Tekken characters.
Jamie's rolling your eyes at me.
No, I was actually just about to ask who you were using.
I use Marshall Law. OK, he's not very mashable.
But I, I beat arcade mode
my first time on normal and got like a ton of points from doing it.
When I went on hard difficulty, I actually had a little bit of issue.
I wasn't able to get as far.
But then when I did, I actually got brave and I went and did a PvP match.
Like I didn't think I was going to do it.
Oh, God, I'm going to get my ass kicked.
But actually, I will say this about the PvP match.
I got matched up against somebody who was now they ended up beating me.
But it was like a five round match because it's like two out of three.
And it went the full five rounds like they were equally matched with me.
And I was very impressed at that, especially for a free game.
So if you like fighting games
and you like Tekken, why the fuck not? It's free.
Now, here's how they get your money.
If you want to play more, you got to buy tokens
that you can use to play more matches later on.
And so, you know, so there's little ways that they nickel and dime you in that regard.
But as far as like a Facebook game on the PlayStation three,
but said Facebook game is like a Tekken six or something like that,
even though I didn't really care for Tekken six.
But, you know, I'm if Tekken six had been free,
I would have downloaded it and played it still and enjoyed it.
So, I mean, yeah, I got to say, I was
pretty impressed by this little free to play fighter.
Overall, I've been pretty impressed with the free to play offerings
on PlayStation three.
Jetpack Joyride is pretty good, too.
There's another one I checked out.
So, I mean, honestly, if you're if you're like bored
and don't really have anything to play right now or, you know, you can't
maybe can't afford to get a new game right now or just nothing looks appealing to you.
Go look at what's free on PlayStation three, because there's some pretty decent stuff.
I mean, it's not going to be like as amazing as The Last of Us
or, you know, these other big triple-A titles that are out right now.
But it'll entertain you for a little while.
Well, even if you have PlayStation Plus, it's even better.
I mean, because, yeah, well, they they announced
whether during Gamescom, Assassin's Creed three is coming out later.
This year is free. That's crazy.
This came out last year. Yeah. Crazy.
So and then, well, the Hitman game was just out last year, too. Crazy.
Thanks for the third if you haven't played it yet. Yeah.
So Shadow Next Gen in chat says, speaking of free to play,
Plants versus Zombies two is awesome.
I got to put that on my queue because I've been wanting to try that.
I haven't been able to try that yet.
So that's really the only new game I can think of to talk about
this week is Plants versus Zombies.
Excuse me. That's what the chatter can think about.
That's the only new game I can think to talk about.
Otherwise, this Tekken Revolution.
So good times. All right.
Let's move on.
Housekeeping, I pretty much already talked about
what I wanted to talk about as far as Dragon Con and so forth.
The only other thing I'll say for housekeeping is that remember
there is no live show next week.
So enjoy your week off for Labor Day, whatever you're doing.
It's a dead show next week.
And before I forget, given that we will not have a show next week,
I would like to wish my fellow individuals of the Jewish Persuasion
Happy New Year.
So there you go.
Any Labor Day greetings to give the list?
Are you going to be doing Labor Day?
Well, that time of year, you know what I mean?
My dad's birthday, I wish my dad a happy birthday.
It's the birthday, September 2nd.
You do you doing anything over the holiday?
Loki, you going to barbecue or anything?
So I got my dad's for dinner on Saturday, I think.
There you go.
That's about it.
All right. How about you, Dar Sacher?
I'm going to I'm going to be busy being Jewish.
Nothing wrong with that.
Say say hi to your synagogue friends.
To the Jew crew.
That's Dan. Dan calls them the Jew crew.
Ideally, Grantha thought a five would have leaked out by then.
But, you know, I can't make any guarantees there.
So there's some fun people in the Jew crew.
What are we getting some of them back on the show?
I don't know, but we had a really rousing game of Cards Against Humanity.
It was the first time that, except for me, that any of us had played the game.
It was very fun.
All right. And you're getting some New Year wishes back there in the chat room from
SSJ100 Matt.
Yeah, thank you.
And Yom Kippur is on the 16th and I will be busy fasting all day.
Is that on a Sunday?
No, if it was on a Sunday, I wouldn't be here.
I'll tell you in advance.
No, it's like, I don't want to put up with a Jamie who hasn't eaten.
It's actually all day on Saturday.
I think it's on a Saturday.
Okay. All right.
Anyhow. So, yeah, no show next week.
I'm at Dragon Con.
If you're going to PAX, extra fur from Horde House will be there.
So keep an eye out for him.
He will be our lone VOG representative at PAX because his partner has family in
Seattle. So that was the better option for him to go kind of make a trip out of that.
So they're off to PAX.
Whereas the rest of us are Dragon Con.
All right, let's move on.
Time for gaming news.
And there was quite a bit of it this week with Gamescom and all that, right, Loki?
Yes, lots of big announcements.
Sony came through with what they said they were planning on doing, which was announcing
their release plans.
And so with that came the release date of November 15th for the PlayStation 4.
That is, of course, in North America, November 29th in Europe.
And yeah, so it's kind of nice to actually have an actual lockdown date.
They did announce that they're going to be launching, I should say, they poked fun at
other console manufacturers and saying that they're going to be launching in 32
territories this year.
So launch in Australia, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany,
Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Russia,
Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, the UK, and I guess Latin America, also Argentina, Brazil,
Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Mexico, Panama and Peru.
And the US or North America as well, obviously.
And Japan, I just can't forget.
Although no date for Japan yet, right?
WhatupG in chat says, Sony has a press event in September, probably to announce the
Japanese PlayStation 4.
Yeah, that's Tokyo Game Show.
Would that mean maybe later that they get it later?
I'm thinking that they're probably going to be, it's going to be around the same time.
It could be later.
But I think that's not usual.
PlayStation 3, they got it earlier.
And I want to say PlayStation 2, they did too.
They could launch, you know, between that time or like, you know, it's going to be
around the same time, I think, probably in November still.
All righty. But I did not get to watch the Sony press conference.
I don't know if you watched it, but what did you think of it?
I thought it was good.
It was very reminiscent of E3.
It was weird in the beginning because they basically had someone on stage playing the
PlayStation 4 and showing kind of the interface and stuff.
Also kind of showing that, hey, we're pretty much done with this thing.
Like, you know, it's ready to go.
That's good, though. Yes, that's good.
So, you know, definitely we're going to get into a lot more of it, but, you know, still
focused on like indie stuff.
They announced some new IPs, you know, talked more about release dates for different
things like, you know, Gran Turismo and stuff and then showed off a lot of the things
that like just kind of pulled a few punches still against Microsoft.
And oh, yeah, there was a big sick burn at the end, wasn't there?
There's a couple. Yeah, something about the whole like and while others have changed
their message. I'm going from memory here.
This is the exact quote.
But while where others have changed their messages, we have stayed consistent with our
like there was definitely a little shade thrown.
Somebody brought the umbrella to the Sony press conference to make some shade.
Yes, it was.
It was interesting. Yeah.
So, well, this is a fun time of year because you know who's the winner in this scenario
when these two companies are fighting us, the gamers.
Hopefully, Loki, you look a little skeptical at that comment.
Yeah, we're the winners, I think.
All right. All right.
Well, let's get into some of the specifics that Loki mentioned a minute ago.
Here's one about and I believe they've announced something similar to this on the
Microsoft platform.
So this is, you know, just kind of meeting the challenge.
This is through PlayStation Network.
And I think a lot of it, though, they're talking more like retailer stuff like Amazon
GameStop doing something similar.
Gotcha. Well, here's what we're talking about.
The discount upgrade program.
That's that's what we're talking about here.
Apparently, there will be a program where if you buy these games on the PlayStation 3
and these are select games, not necessarily everything, but select games, you will have
the ability to upgrade to the PlayStation 4 version for a here's my quotey fingers,
significantly discounted price.
Does that mean 10 bucks off, 20 bucks off, 40 bucks off?
I don't know, but I would think it's a little more in the 15, 20 range than than what
some people might be thinking.
But who knows? Anyhow, limited time offer and some of the games involved will be Call
of Duty Ghosts, Assassin's Creed 4, Black Flag, Watch Dogs, Battlefield 4.
So you'll notice there's Ubisoft and EA in there, Activision and Warner Brothers, also
publishers that are partnering with Sony on this initiative, the upgrade initiative.
Do not know yet if it's a worldwide initiative, but certainly for North America at
least. And if Japan's getting something similar, I'm sure that will be detailed at
Tokyo Game Show.
Now, some other details here, even though I just said expect 20 dollar discounts, Call
of Duty Ghosts has said 10 bucks, not 10 bucks off, 10 bucks.
That's not bad. That's not bad at all.
So you buy the PlayStation 3 version of Call of Duty Ghosts, you can get the PlayStation
4 version for 10 dollars.
That's a damn good deal.
If they're all this good, may the skeptic in me be wrong.
If they're all this good, that's that's great.
But here's they say it's for a limited time.
And I would think who this is going to most apply to are the people that are just like not
this year for the PlayStation 4.
They're going to get their PlayStation 4s in 2014, you know, when some more software
comes out, when next year's holiday lineup starts coming out.
That's when people want to upgrade their games.
But this program is not going to be available by then, right?
I don't know. I didn't really see a time frame.
And I think it's more of like, let's play it and play it by ear and see what happens.
And, you know, it's all going to be because why would you purchase, you know, Call of Duty
Ghosts and then two weeks later, you're going to get your PlayStation 4 or whatever.
And oh, and I got to buy the PlayStation 4 version as well.
It's like you would think that you would just kind of wait it out a little bit.
Yeah. But I mean, I understand, you know.
Well, I could also see like folks that are going to have PlayStation 4s under their
Christmas trees or their menorahs or whatever you celebrate in the winter season.
Right. That you might end up with a PlayStation 4 there when you've bought all these
PlayStation 3 games.
But I'm kind of like, if you're going to buy a bunch of PlayStation 3 games.
Why aren't you just getting a PlayStation 4 if you're getting all these games?
I don't know. I mean, then again, you know, it's not like you just throw away $400
on the system, but the well, the advantage would be is that you can get a head start
on getting your stats up there for, you know, Call of Duty and, you know, Battlefield
and that kind of stuff. And so you start off and then you can do your transfer of your
stats over to PlayStation 4 and you kind of go from there.
All right. Now, Sony wanted to be clear that these upgrade prices, such as the one that
we just mentioned for Call of Duty Ghosts, they are going to be set by the publisher.
It's not something Sony is going to regulate.
A little bit of a clarification here from UK Managing Director Fergal Gara in an interview
with Digital Spy, quote, What will happen is the PlayStation 4 digital file will be made
available on the PlayStation Store, as it would be anyway, at launch, and the PS3 discs
will be sold through retail.
What the consumer can then do for a premium to be defined by the publisher is access the
PlayStation 4 digital game and then provided they still have the PlayStation 3 disc, they
will be able to play the PlayStation 4 version when they decide to buy the next gen.
That's a pretty clever solution because that doesn't allow you to, like, gamefly your PS3
game and then upgrade. If your PS3 disc is in the drive, you can use the PlayStation 4
digital version. That's a clever little way to do it.
Yeah.
That's all. I don't got anything to say. It's a clever little workaround. So, I mean, it's
not that much different than, let's say, the Xbox 360. You install a game to your hard
drive on the 360, you still require the disc in the drive, right?
Yeah.
Now it's just, we're seeing that bridging between two systems, which is kind of neat,
especially in light of the fact that the PlayStation 4 is not backwards compatible,
which is frustrating to some people.
I'm wondering if that would work different than, well, obviously, it would work different
if you bought a digital version of the game, I guess. You would just, you know, you wouldn't
have to do that.
All right. Well, let's move on with some more news.
DarkSakura, who's playing in Animal Crossing, but I don't blame her. You got OLR listeners
in Normandy right now?
Yeah.
Yeah.
We have Act Deft and Fifth Dream.
Okay. No Misty hitting you with a bug net?
I know.
That's good. Have a look out for her.
There is a little bit more information for items going to be available for the PlayStation
4, and one of them is going to be Twitch. It was at GamersCon. They basically said that
players will be able to broadcast over Twitch channels. So there goes the need for a capture
card. You'll just be doing it online, which is pretty cool.
What's also interesting to me about this is that, um, you know, they, they talked about
the game streaming thing before, but it was going to be Ustream originally, which is not
my favorite broadcast service, especially for video games, because they kind of insert
their ads a lot and it can, you know, as the broadcaster, that can be frustrating because
people lose key moments of your broadcast. Um, but Twitch is a very popular streaming
solution for people. And, uh, in fact, there isn't a lot of competition out there to Twitch,
which really surprises me, meaning like focused on video game. I know there's others. I've
heard of one called Owned, but nothing on that same stale scale of Twitch. So I'm seeing
this type of stuff kind of break through on the mainstream media too. Like I was seeing
something on either CNN or Yahoo or one of those sites where they were talking about,
you know, more people watch Twitch TV than some basic cable channels.
True. So it's, it's very much a new, new medium or new media. And now everybody's going to get
to do their own broadcast right from their PlayStation four or their Xbox one, to be fair,
which is detailed a similar plan. It's cool. Yeah. I think it's cool too. The only problem
is that although, although I think it's, you know, I'm a big support for everybody getting
to have a voice and independent broadcast and all that, and I've supported, I almost worry that
the, with so much out there, it's going to be really difficult to stand out.
Yeah. I kind of wish that there was a way, I mean, I'm not, I'm not too familiar with all the
export options that they have available. Like if you can export those files, like you can,
cause I know they have the sharing stuff that you can do, or you can share clips online,
but I wonder if you can like export a huge file or something to like YouTube or export it to
your computer and edit it. If it's saving to the Twitch website, you can export Twitch videos to
YouTube. I have a let's play the slender man, where I screamed very high pitch when I saw
slender man that's on my YouTube, which is a Rob Roberts plays, I think in my YouTube channel.
And that was an export from Twitch. I think this whole thing bodes well for Twitch itself,
just given that they're also going to have the Xbox deal too. Oh yeah. This is huge for them.
And remember Twitch started as well, and they still run it just in TV, that whole,
which was streaming your life. And I think in some ways, just I'm, I'm going to be,
I'm just going to give you guys real talk from my perspective. I think Justin TV kind of became
a joke in some ways, because it kind of became a lot of cam whores and people that were like,
you know, pay me $5 and I'll show you my titty or show you my junk or whatever. It's kind of what,
even though you're not supposed to have adult content, that's a lot of that life casting
turned into, but it's really great that those guys kind of thought ahead and, you know, kind of
grabbed on this gaming thing that was going on. That was a little more,
you know, a little more serious, I guess. So, all right. Anyhow, I plan to use this. It'll be,
it'll be fun. Yeah, I'll definitely check it out, especially, um, since I finally got around to
playing around with my video capture equipment, the new stuff, um, some of the stuff I might be
capturing with the brand new Twitch feature on PlayStation 4. Minecraft is a big surprise. This
was something that was kind of, it was very quick, uh, reveal. They didn't really show anything other
than a logo and some people walking by in costume and not even really costume, but with a mask on,
but yes, Minecraft will be coming to the PlayStation 4 at launch. And it's also coming
to PlayStation 3 and the Vita. And, um, there, I gotta say, internet, seriously,
people on Twitter don't harass the Xbox support people regarding, like, announcements and shit.
Xbox support is for helping people with shit that's wrong on your Xbox, not saying,
hey, I see Minecraft, you know, which was, you know, originally a console exclusive for
Xbox 360, it's coming to PlayStation 4, how do you like them apples, you know, type of shit.
Technically, if you want to get, you know, into it there, yes, Microsoft has an exclusive on
Minecraft, the Xbox 360 edition and Minecraft, the Xbox One edition. Minecraft and PlayStation 4
will be created by yet a different company other than 4J Studios. And so, yes, it will be
technically exclusive to PlayStation 4, whereas a different version of Minecraft is exclusive to
the Xbox platforms. There, you're done. Stop emailing those people or stop, you know,
tweeting to them. And yes, they're saying that, you know, it's created by Microsoft Studios,
so therefore it is exclusive to Xbox. Yes, their version of the game is exclusive to the Xbox.
Yeah, Bobby Blackwolf in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com, kind of echoing the same
sentiment there. Xbox or excuse me, Microsoft Xbox 360 edition is still an Xbox 360 exclusive.
Yes, exactly. So I would be interested to see what differences there are in it. So,
yeah, be very interesting to see that. So, yeah, so there's that. And then, of course, other
wonderful console exclusives. And this is basically talking a little bit about the indie
games, because they were a big focus on the presentation. And some of their exclusives
they're saying are going to be Hotline Miami 2, N++, Starbound, let's see, Volume,
which is done by the guy who did Thomas Was Alone, Rogue Legacy, Wasteland Kings. And everybody's
gone through the rapture, which I love the the parody account. Was it? Was it the Kazari
parody account who said, yeah, it's a sequel to everybody's golf, you know,
well, dark. Yeah. So there's that. And then, of course, other things, the binding of Isaac Rebirth
of Velocity two X and Guns of Icarus online. And I guess Velocity, I think it was Velocity,
you know, it wasn't velocity. There's there's another game they announced free that was going
to be available for PlayStation 4 with PlayStation Plus. So you're going to get quite a lineup of
free games, especially indie titles at launch. It'll be interesting. All right. Well, this is
a little awkward, but these things happen, especially in live radio. I think we're going
to say goodbye to Jamie for now, right? Yeah. Basically, the allergy thing is getting to the
point where I'm now lightheaded. OK, but you are safe to drive because I don't want you leaving
here if you can't drive. Yeah, if I if you can go lie down in the other room if you need to
during the show, if if I do it now, I'll be OK. But I know how you ever have allergies to put
where your face hurts. I'm going to be honest. I don't really get allergies. I mean, certain
things. OK, funny story, if you really want to hear it. OK, I'm really allergic to marijuana.
Like so. And you know what? I'm I'm I'm liberal enough where I'm like, if you want to smoke it
in the privacy of your own home and I know people do it, you know, I don't want to get too political
or whatever, but I really don't care. But I don't want people doing it around me because I get
really sick and I get these really bad reactions to it. So it's it's kind of I get around the
smoke. Yes, me too. You remember that time at Tia's house? Oh, yes. That was horrible. I was
when they lit up in the front. You seem to be. I love that we just gave away a secret.
It's all right. No, it's fine. We've been out drinking all night. Yeah. I crashed out on her
bed and then I came out, of course, fully sober. Excuse me. And then I smell where it had been.
Yeah. And then I went and threw up everything. Oh, yeah. Anyway, we can reminisce another time.
Take care of yourself for heaven's sake. Thank you. All right. Sorry, kids.
Thank you for the well wishes. Any last minute thoughts for I think I think I
realized what made myself worse was that I brought the one thing I thought would be quick and easy to
cook. And that was Pollock Paneer. The Trader Joe's ones uses chilies and I have a super bad
chili allergy. So that's probably my own fault. Allergy plus allergy equals super allergy.
Yeah. All right. And so I've got tea at home and I've got lots of Benadryl and Sudafed and Nyquil.
So I might pass out or either that or you'll see me in chat. All right. Well, we hope to hear from
you later. Feel better for heaven's sake. And such is the risk of doing live radio. Loki and I will
hold down the fort here for the rest of the night. Thank you guys. All right. Drive safe. If you need
me, call my phone and I will make sure my ringer is on. And if you need me, call me or something.
You can have your 3DS charger back now. That's fine. Thank you. Okay.
Back to it. Alan Alchemy in chat says, mark down that timestamp. That's an edit. No, it's live and
it's funny. SSG100 Matt says, everyone's allergies change after several years. So. All right. Tiger
Claw in chat says, Skye, isn't everyone allergic to marijuana? It smells so bad. Trust me. I know
some people that if they're allergic to marijuana, then they are gluttons for punishment because
plenty of it. Well, did I tell you about how I found out I had an allergy to it? Huh?
It was a girl's bathroom at school. And I, all the other bathrooms were like being cleaned. So I went
to the front bathroom that was by the office, which ironically is the one that everyone
spoke to. And I got in there and I was so sick in the stall that I had to turn around and throw up.
And then I had a rash on my face. It was awful. No fun at all. All right. Uh, you're gonna be
okay. You sure? All right. Drive safe. Love you guys. Bye. All right. Where were we?
Little big planet. That was another big announcement. How do you, how do you follow
up marijuana stories by talking about little big planet? It's sack boy. He's jumping in its colors.
Oh, there are all the music, man. No, no, no. Hold on. I bet you that there's quite a few
marijuana inspired levels in living planet. I guarantee that there's like, Hey, I'm going to
totally put pot leaves in this level. You got to get stowed. If there's a level dedicated to, um,
what was her name? That actress Parker Posey. That was my favorite little big planet. I ever
level I ever played was the Parker Posey level, which was like creepy stalker almost,
but I loved it anyway. Ah, so little big planet hub is a free to play service coming to the
PlayStation three. That's going to have many elements of the little big planet universe.
A little big planet hub will allow players to collaborate with online teammates for challenges,
level creation, wardrobe coordination via a redesigned shop interface.
A little big planet hub is said to offer unrestricted access in quotes to the little
big planets create mode 16 levels taken from previous little big planet games on the PlayStation
three. And then the hub exclusive team picks will highlight a new batch of community created levels
every week. And the new weekly challenges mode boasts a whole new way to play little big planet.
Curious if that's going to have access to like all the levels that are created out there. Cause
if that's the case and you probably don't need a single player version of the game. Well, and also
it does sound like though they might nickel and dime some of the content like, cause you know,
in the create mode in the games, you have to unlock that by playing the single player mode.
So it's like, if you want to, you know, you can create these levels, but if you want to use the
grappling hook gun, you're going to have to buy that if you want to use, you know, I think that's
how they're going to do it. You'll be able to make very basic levels, but you won't be able to make
the really good stuff without buying something. But I understand now it's free. Yep. Free to play
allows you to get your foot in the door, but if I'm not mistaken, little big planet two is still
a PlayStation plus title, right? No, no. I thought it was cardiness. Ah, gotcha. So yeah,
but a little bit plant two right now, it's gotta be dirt cheap. I mean, if it's been a long time
since it's been out, I mean, so right. Should be all right. All right. All right. So league of
legends. Yes. Um, they got hacked and apparently there was info that was access and, um, you know,
that includes, you know, usernames, email addresses, salted passwords and credit card
numbers as well. But once again, those were salted, uh, which means, you know, they're
encrypted and you know, they have some random stuff thrown in there as well to make it
difficult, difficult to unencrypted. So while that stuff was leaked out, you probably just want to
change your login password information because that's pretty much the only thing that they do
have access to. Um, and you obviously, uh, you know, if you use the same login and password
combination on other sites, it's going to be the first thing we try. So make sure you change that
stuff. I wouldn't worry too much about the, um, credit card information and the billing information
stuff because, you know, that stuff was encrypted and it looks like that it would be difficult for
them to crack all that. But still never good to hear that again. League of legends is a huge game
too. It's not good to hear that they got hacked. Now, luckily I used a unique password for league
of legends cause I just kind of thought something like this might happen, but now I'm going to need
a second unique password cause they're going to make everybody change it. I haven't logged in in
a week though. Yeah. They say that, you know, they're taking the appropriate action into
notify and safeguard effective players is that we'll be contacting these players via email
addresses currently associated with their accounts to alert them. Our investigation is ongoing and
we take all the necessary steps to protect players. So, all right. Well, you didn't have a
league of legends account so you don't have to worry about it, right? Don't play it. So not a
problem. Lucky you. Yep. Yep. Yep. Lucky you. All right. Let's travel around the world and check
out some release dates and what's coming out to a gaming store near you. Few things this week,
lost planet three on PlayStation three and Xbox 360. Little known fact about lost planet three.
I don't think Capcom thinks it's going to do very well. So they're not making any reprints of it.
Once the launch quantities are gone, it's gone. Apparently. Really? I don't believe that though.
If it were to do very well, which I kind of agree with Capcom in this regard, I don't think it will
do very well. Sorry. Uh, but if it does, I mean, they can always just reprint it. Not what they
did with like Katamari Damacy and some of these other minimally. And I think, I think that a lot
of that is just to get the buzz out there. So that's information gets out. So they're like,
Oh, I need to get it because I won't be able to get it otherwise. No, no, don't, don't bother.
Uh, Final Fantasy 14 out this weekend, PC and PlayStation three, uh, killer is dead on
PlayStation three and Xbox three 60. If you're a fan of Suda 51 and to be at Jamie left,
but a hot sunay Miku project diva F on PlayStation three this week. And, uh, was it last but not
least Madden NFL 25 coming out? Oh, and painkiller Helen damnation on PS3. All right. Let's travel
to Japan and then maybe you can pick up the UK dates here that we would usually do. Cause I'm
trying to replace the classic game of the week here. So I don't want to take Jamie's game.
I'm working frantically on that. Um, all while we're doing live radio. So trying to go to the
Japanese release dates and here they are on the PlayStation three this week on August the 27th,
Final Fantasy 14 makes its way to Japan as well. The name there, Final Fantasy 14 online,
Shinsei yours. And yours is the name of the realm that we all play in. Um, like Azeroth is in, in
world of Warcraft. So, uh, I'm assuming that is their own interpretation of what we have as the
subtitle realm reborn as out in Japan on the 27th as well on the 29th, which I believe is Thursday,
or which is a more typical release day there you get end of eternity, getting a price reduction
on PlayStation three, Joe Joe's bizarre adventure, all star battle and lost planet three gets
Japanese release as well. So if all the U S copies disappear, you could always import one.
Uh, assuming you have a region free PlayStation three, uh, Xbox three 60 has must Monster Hunter
frontier G anniversary, 2013 premium package coming out on the 28th of August and lost planet
three on the Xbox three 60 as well. I have no idea what's in that repackaging a Monster Hunter, but
it's pretty popular over there on the PlayStation Vita. Hotchkiss comes out on August 29th as does
Ragnarok Odyssey ACE. I don't know if that's the same Ragnarok adventures game we got.
Yeah. There's been another Ragnarok, um, Odyssey games ACE I think was one that was on
DS or three DS. It was, it's, I think that's a new, a re-release or something or not re-release,
but a port. Um, sadly, no, uh, Wii U games this week. Uh, I saw some Disney infinity on my list,
but I think that's just a, I think some people over there are importing ours.
I don't think it's out in Japan yet, and I'm not sure there's plans to do that there with
all the toys and everything. I just, it's probably not as practical, but I bet there's some people
over there importing our version of it. Probably. You never really hear about the imports the other
way around, but I would think that's one of those games that there's people in Japan that
are importing it for the figures. Disney's very popular in Japan. I can imagine. Yeah.
Nintendo three DS gets Sherlock Holmes puzzle city and starry sky in autumn three D in regular
and limited edition. And I was going to see real quick if there's anything on the PSP,
because believe it or not, they still get releases there once in a while. And, uh,
Solomon's ring elemental pack comes out on the Sony PS. I completely forgot actually on the PSP
this week, sweet fuse at your side, I think is the name. And that's a PSP title coming out over here.
Visual novel access go figure, but not those visual novel tiles, man. All right. Just a couple
more stories for you guys. And then the classic game of the week. Um, let's see in the UK, we're
getting, um, counseling Lords of shadows, and this is on PC. I'm assuming that's coming to steam
final fantasy 14 realm reborn on PlayStation three and PC, uh, also on Mac Bioshock infinite. I
believe it's also coming out here as well on steam, uh, guardians of middle earth, also a PC
release. Um, they're getting, uh, etrian odyssey for legends of the Titan on three DS, uh, killer
is dead on PlayStation three and Xbox three 60 also lost planet three on Xbox three 60
PlayStation three and PC. Of course, PC being the steam, uh, Rayman legends actually coming
out a little bit early over there on Wii U and PC, Xbox three 60 and PlayStation three.
And then, uh, some stuff that doesn't have a date on it, but it's just marked August,
the walking dead 400 days and payday too. I'm not sure that stuff's already been out yet, but
it is over here. So that's it. All right. Um, so let's talk a little bit about some other stuff
that they discussed during the PlayStation conference. And actually a lot of this was
leaked out beforehand, but the Vita got a price drop one 99 in the U S and 199 Euro in Europe.
Also, it should be mentioned that the PlayStation three 12 gigabyte system came out here over, uh,
as well because it is in Europe and that's also one 99. So PlayStation three and
Vita for one idea and I'm, and they actually do have a bundle too. Uh, and the one 99 price
points for like the three G one. And they also have like the walking dead. They have a bundle
that's also one 99 as well. So do you think this is enough to kind of get a fire lit under the
Vita's butt or is this too little too late? It will help, but they have some pretty good games
coming out. And especially a lot of these indie games that are going to be cross platform with,
you know, PlayStation Vita as well. They have a lot of content coming in. It's going to be
advertising that content to, uh, the consumer, I think is going to be the toughest part,
especially since they don't really have any huge games coming out outside from like tear away
and, um, kill zone, kill zone will be good. That's supposed to be actually a really good
first person shooter. Um, I heard rumors that they may do a Vita version of ghosts,
but it would have to be somebody other than, uh, I can't remember the developer, but the guy,
the guys that did fucking resistance and call of duty last year that just sucked. They were
terrible. Um, so as long as they get somebody else to develop that it would be pretty good.
Borderlands two is going to help too. So I re will it because I'm going to be honest,
when I heard the news about Borderlands two on the Vita, I was kind of like, no, don't get me
wrong. Borderlands two awesome game. I know people are really into it and rightfully so,
but I'm kind of like, hasn't everybody who's going to get Borderlands two already got it.
All right. All right. All right. Minecraft. True. True. That could be said for a lot of games,
I guess, but Minecraft on the go, man. And I understand. Yeah, they have the pocket edition,
but if this version is a little bit more like the PC version, oh, that it's all sorts of greatness.
Um, okay. Maybe it could talk to the PC version or the PS3 version would be very awesome.
It would be awesome if it was, you know, I don't think you could do the PS4, but if all
three versions talk to each other, they'd be fantastic. Um, Sony's not as much of a hard
ass on the play, uh, the PC communicating with Sony servers. I mean, we see DC universe online
is on both, even though I don't think their servers are cross-play, but final fantasy 14
just came out and it's cross-played between the two. Um, what there's something else I'm
thinking of this PC and, and, uh, PlayStation cross. Oh, well like this, the whole steam
integration and a portal. I think the problem though with doing that is a lot of it, they have
to develop the engine to be similar because they want the same draw distance and same features in
there. And if, if one is significantly less power than the other one, they can't really do that.
Um, but I don't know. Anyway, so yeah, Borderlands two, that's supposed to come in 2014 sometime.
I'm thinking maybe holiday cause it, you know, no date yet. Really good comment from Monty Boggs
in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com. If I can transfer PlayStation three data,
Borderlands two Vito would be tempting. Transfarring, wasn't that the whole term
that Konami came up with a while ago? Transfarring your data. That is, I I'll give you that. That is
a pretty, pretty good reason to not do it. Um, the whole thing would depend on if the game is
going to have all the same guns in it. If they, they develop all the same assets that are in the,
uh, PlayStation three version, then yes, they could do that because you can swap between,
you can basically dump your save from PlayStation three, convert it to an Xbox three 60 or,
you know, PC format and stuff. You can do that already. Um, with some mod tools, but
if you can, if they have all, shouldn't it all be in the cloud? Well, it all depends though.
Cause like if, if they have all that information, maybe they could do it without the guns. I don't
know. It would be, it's possible. Depends on the content that's in the game. I think that they
could bring in all the guns, but we'll see. Um, also the Vita memory cards, one of the things
that people were complaining about a lot because they are pretty expensive, um, are being reduced
in price as well. Um, so apparently they are, I don't remember the final amounts to those.
Let's see. So the Vita memory cards previously, for example, four gigabyte memory card is now
$14.99 whereas originally $20. Uh, the eight gigabyte memory card is now $19.99 where it was
30, 16 is a $39.99 where it was 60 and the 32 gigabyte, um, card is $80 where it was a hundred.
So they are knocking the price off of those. Um, it still sucks that it's proprietary, but
what are you going to do? I mean, might as well invest in a pretty big memory card because,
you know, especially if you do PlayStation Plus, get a bunch of freebies. I think that's also
another strong point. If they market that well enough, it's like, hey, you buy, you know,
PlayStation Vita, you get PlayStation Plus, you can download a ton of fucking games. So why not?
It would be very, if they can really bring, if the Vita has a Renaissance or whatever you want
to call it, where it really does kind of seem to take off this holiday season and essentially
resurrect from the dead. Uh, you can't tell me that the Wii U can't do the same thing.
They need a price drop because the Wii U is still $349. That's not going to cut it.
We have something later on that might sweeten the pot a little bit, but I kind of agree that
there's going to be, need to be a hard drop, uh, or Nintendo is going to be in trouble, but
not that there's not a lot of great games coming, but.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com,
use the passphrase, judge. All right. Anyhow, um, let's move on to one more story here about
Killer Instinct and some new information that came out about the game this week.
One of those details, uh, in the free to play version of Killer Instinct, you will be able to
buy the additional characters for $5 each. Killer Instinct will be free to play with one character
when the console comes out. There will be a 1999 combo breaker pack that unlocks the game's full
roster of eight characters, including two of them that are exclusive fighters that are not initially
available for individual purchase. Meaning if you do piecemeal your game, you will have six
fighters to choose from. There will also be a $40 ultra edition that will bundle all playable
characters, also an accessory and costume pack thingy and the original 1994 arcade version
of Killer Instinct, which has a lot of people more happy about the arcade version on their
Xbox One than I think some people are about the new Killer Instinct. If you think there's only eight
characters in this game, you're full of crap because they're gonna fucking put DLC out there.
They're gonna make you buy those fucking characters. Well, I think yes and no. I think it will be eight
this year. And then depending on how the game does, because this is how they're talking, they're saying
well you will have the 2013 season that has these eight characters and then next year we can put
along eight more characters and put that into the game. I'm literally hearing, and I'm trying to be
open and understanding, but what I'm literally hearing is we're making it up as we go along.
Eight characters in a fighting game seems kind of lame and the whole charging $5 for the characters
is basically to get you to buy the $20 pack. They never were intending for you to buy piecemeal
characters. They're just like, yeah, we'll put it there. They want to be able to say it's free
to play. Well, we'll put it there so that it, you know, people want to buy the $20 pack. That's all
it really comes down to. And $20 for a fighting game is not a bad thing. Eight characters does
seem quite low, but that's the original Street Fighter II had eight characters and even then
there were still four bosses on top of that. So that's just the only, you know, and it's not the
Street Fighter II was a bad game. It's just not 1991 anymore. You know, and I did get a tweet
earlier this week and I apologize. I forgot the username of who sent it, but the tweet said,
because I said I was shading the fact that there was only the, you know, eight characters and I
got a tweet that said, what about quality over quantity? And I was, I never responded to it
because I was mobile or something like that. But honestly, my answer to that is, wait a minute
though. Part of the reason that make fighting games so much fun is kind of the diversity of the
roster. And you look at the fighting games that come out today, eight characters doesn't cut it
anymore. You know, you gotta have at least 15, 20, how many did the new Mortal Kombat have? Like,
you know, you have a good, a good diverse roster makes the game more fun. Eight characters sounds
like we rushed this game to get it out for the launch. Like a lot of the other games that have
been coming out launched for the platform seems like a lot of it's rushed and maybe, you know,
bring out more characters later on so they can sell it as DLC. I think originally this game is
probably going to be a retail release, but they just can't get it done in time. That's what really
concerns me is that all these signs are pointing, you know, it's like these warning signs are popping
up about this game. And I, it has me really concerned. Well, I don't think it's just this
game. It's like Forza 5, for example, where it's shipping unfinished, you know, come on.
That's just, I, so why? It's a day one patch. Okay. I understand that. But
dude, it's, you better hope that your servers are fucking working day one because there's going to
be some piss people. Well, I guess not because there's still content in the game, but you're
just not gonna be able to play the full thing yet. And here's the other thing. I kind of don't trust
Microsoft to keep it going and I'm going to use my big old standby that I always bring up on the
show and you're sick of hearing me talk about it. Well, there's two of them member. Oh, well,
the one I've got in my mind is remember when they said we're going to bring a thousand games to
game room. And then what happened about 200 came out across 13 packs and they pulled the plug.
So those thousand games never happened. So isn't it feasible that if Killer Instinct comes out and
heaven forbid, it's not very good and people just aren't into it because there's not enough
characters. Do you think that 2014 pack will ever happen? Nope. No, because Microsoft will pull the
plug on it because they have a history of pulling the plug on things. Uh, that, that could have been
even better if it just had a little more time. Oh, Oh, I thought of the other one, one versus a
hundred. Is that the other one? That would have been the other one or just those interactive game
shows in general. Grr. Anyhow, or an actual legitimate use for the Xbox. Weiland in our chat
room says I'm waiting for a PC Killer Instinct. Is that something they said is going to happen?
Cause I don't know if I would see that happen. Um, probably not just because they want every
way to purchase the Xbox one stuff. I think maybe later on down the line, one windows eight takes
off and a lot more people have windows eight and that windows marketplace is more of a, you know,
robust thing. Then maybe you'll see stuff like that popping up there, but I just don't see it
happening. I don't know. All right. There's some other killer instinct news. I do want to make
sure I cover cause it's not just that, but there's also, um, another fighter that's been revealed
that they're calling a spider woman. Uh, it was teased at the end of a video that was posted. It
sounds like prematurely by game trailers. Uh, this character has the ability to throw spider
webs to attack and ensnare opponents. And she has a pair of blades on the back of each hand
and a blades on her forearms and so forth. Does not look like a previous killer instinct fighter,
which is fine game should, you know, new fighting games and a franchise should have some new people.
But, um, I bet there, I bet there's going to be some people that are a little irritated,
like, all right, so there's going to be eight fighters and we're going to fill them all up
with slots of, of people that are, that are new and not like where, where's orchid,
where's spinal. Those are coming in the DLC pack. The most, the most popular character will be one
of the two. I bet you orchid will be in there, but she'll be one of those characters that you
can only get when you buy, you can't piecemeal her. She'll be in that $20 combo pack. You have
to get her that way. I bet you that's how it works. Um, this is pretty cool news though,
despite all this, you know, negative things we might be saying about Killer Instinct.
Uh, this is pretty neat. Uh, creative director Adam Isgreen and producer Torrin Redding talking
about Killer Instinct mentioned the original announcer, Chris Sutherland, will be selectable
in lieu of the new announcer for Killer Instinct. So if you want to have the, uh,
old Killer Instinct experience when it comes to the announcer, you can do that. Uh, I guess he
did rerecord some lines and, uh, even though it's been 18 years later, sounds exactly the same. So
it sounds like he's aged a little better than DuckTales did. Oh, I went there. Why didn't they
just have him do it in the beginning? I mean, just have him be the guy. It is a little weird,
isn't it? Because maybe, maybe what they didn't say, they said Chris Sutherland will be selectable
in a 4.99 DLC pack. 4.99? Try $40 deals. $40 pack. For an announcer? Yeah, no, I bet you
$40 because you get the original game. So you get the original announcer too. Uh, maybe, maybe. Uh,
but I wasn't, well, Dota 2 sells these announcer packs. It's part of the way they make money.
They're free to play. Who knows? Tigerclaw in our chat pointing out, uh, is that character I
mentioned earlier? They can't call her Spiderwoman anyway, obviously. I wasn't calling her that,
but that's, she looks like that type of character. Dota 2 announcer packs. I saw the one from GLaDOS
and like one of the lines in there is it's, it's Oda. The D is silent.
Wow. All right. Uh, are we ready to get to the classic game of the week? Back in the day,
you didn't have to pay $5 per character. You got all of it or you got nothing.
And that takes us to a segment we call the classic game of the week.
Where DarkSakura will dive into the gaming vault, but not this week because she dived into her bed
to rest tonight. So I will dive into the gaming vault in her place and pick a game that you all
should be playing this week. Sorry, I'm laughing because Rama in the chat room says, screw you,
Rob Roberts, DuckTales hater. Now wait a minute, wait a minute, put the brakes on for a minute.
I didn't hate DuckTales. Go back and listen to my review last week. I just said there was,
I had two major issues with it. One, the sound production values on the console release were not
very good. Uh, that's not saying the voice talent wasn't very good, although they're clearly showing
their age, but Jun Fure is what like 95? Bless her heart that she can still do the game and sound as
good as she does. Uh, which is why I wish the sound production would have lended their talents
better to that. And two, I did not like that the cut scenes constantly interrupted the action
all the time in what should be a very action-based game. That being said, let's go back in the classic
game of the week and find a game that you should all be playing this week. Now I will say this,
I switched out the game at the last minute because the game that Janie picked, I want her to be able
to talk about the game and it's not a game I ever played. So I switched it out and one of the games
I have on the back burner to talk about, I wanted to share with you guys one of these days, uh, was
a game available on the Commodore 64 because you know I'm going to use this opportunity to do a
Commodore 64 game. Uh, the game is called the Great Gianna Sisters is the game I picked tonight.
Now the Great Gianna Sisters, some of you have probably heard of this game because there's the
Gianna Sisters Twisted Dreams, which is an indie game, uh, that just came out on what, Steam
Greenline? I think it's available on Xbox Arcade, right? And PlayStation? Yeah. So yes, its roots are
in this very old Commodore game. It was released in 19- 1987. It was done by Time Warp Productions
and then published by Rainbow Arts. It was actually on the Amiga. A lot of people know it
from the Amiga as well. The versions were on the MSX2, Atari ST, and the Amstrad CPC.
The Commodore 64 version was programmed by Armin Gessert and the graphics were done by
Manfred Trenz and the soundtrack was composed by Chris Huelsbeck. Uh, funny note, he came back later
to do the soundtracks for these later games that came out. There was also a DS game, uh, much later.
Yeah, I played the DS game and it was alright. Now the license is currently held by Black Forest Games
who did the modern day sequel, Gianna Sisters Twisted Dreams. In the game you take the role of
Gianna, a girl who fell asleep and finds herself in a dream world populated by monsters. You go
through the world and you are looking for a diamond which will wake her from the sleep and
return her to waking life. Now, most people know this game. If you've heard of this game, you know
it because it was a very controversial game when it came out on the Commodore 64 because
it looked a lot like Super Mario Brothers down to the fact that they did the whole World 1-1 thing.
What do I mean by that? Well, whenever a level creator comes out for a game, what's the first
thing people usually make? A penis and then after that World 1-1 from Super Mario Brothers, right?
Yeah. So, unfortunately in the case of the great Gianna Sisters, World 1 is pretty much World 1-1
from Super Mario Brothers. So the first level is almost identical in layout to Super Mario
Brothers and the game itself shares some similarities too. You pick up a magical pinwheel,
it makes you bigger and you don't throw a fireball per se, but it's a bouncing ball
just like the Game Boy version of Super Mario Brothers. But anyway,
Nintendo pressured the makers of the great Gianna Sisters threatening legal action if they do not
take appropriate action. The game was voluntarily withdrawn from sale. No lawsuits or anything like
that, but it was voluntarily withdrawn. Therefore, it makes this game very rare. Now, what they
don't say about the controversy and you don't know this unless you've played the game, the later
levels don't really look like Mario Brothers levels. I would say maybe the second level has
a little bit in common too, but I think there's 20 some-odd levels in the game and especially when
you get into later levels and some of the boss fights, it isn't like Mario Brothers in that regard.
But unfortunately, a lot of the basic game mechanics, you know, with the whole power-ups
and getting coins and jumping on the coin blocks and so forth, that is all still pretty similar. So
it probably was in this company's best interest to take the game off the market. But this is what
makes this game such a cult classic and why people desire it is that, you know, it was in a sense a
Super Mario-like game on a 1983 Commodore 64 and the soundtrack, the soundtrack, the soundtrack.
People love the soundtrack and rightfully so. Great, great music available in the game.
So it's no wonder that they brought Chris Hulsbeck back to do the later games.
So very well received, very highly rated in a lot of old Commodore 64 productions. Zzap 64 giving
it 96%. There are various ports out there, but the ZX Spectrum port that was planned was pulled
back because of the legal pressures. In 1993, the MSX version came out. The game had been ported to
Windows, DOS, Linux, but all unofficially. Also a Nintendo DS version unofficially of the Commodore
64 port, not to be confused with the official sequel of Gianna Sisters. There was also a mobile
version of the game made for Android phones in 2005. There was a sequel planned for the game
called Gianna 2, Arthur and Martha in Future World and it was supposed to have a futuristic setting,
but because of all the legal troubles, Time Warp renamed the game Hard and Heavy and changed the
protagonist to Robots. So if you've ever played the game Hard and Heavy, which came out on the
Commodore 64 in 1989, that was inspired by Gianna Sisters. It was supposed to be the sequel.
So Gianna Sisters DS was an actual sequel that did come out in 2009 and then of course I think
a lot of you know through Steam and so forth in July 2012 and the Kickstarter,
Gianna Sisters Twisted Dreams became a reality. So there you go, the classic game of the week,
the Gianna Sisters, the great Gianna Sisters. Yeah, have you ever heard of this game in your
life, Loki? Yes, I have played it actually. Do you like it? I mean, it's all right. You have
to remember it was Commodore 64 games were a little more basic. They have it on the Ouya,
you can actually get like the DS version of the game ported over. So they have that available
and I have played that DS version of the game as well. It's all right. Tigerclaw in Chat says,
does that new Gianna Sisters game poke fun at Nintendo despite them? No, it's pretty badass
actually. Yeah, and actually, yeah, the game doesn't play. I mean, the good thing is they
turn this, it's still a platforming game, but it's way different now and it is badass. Like you flip
between the sisters and it causes changes in the environment and yeah, I've played through a bit
of it on Steam and it's a fun little game to play. I think I talked about it on a previous episode
of the show, but as far as like a straight up platformer goes, it's a lot of fun. Shadow Next
Gen says, has Rob played the modern port of Gianna Sisters? No, I haven't. I played the DS
one and I played this new one, Twisted Sisters. I did not even know until doing last minute research
for the article tonight that there was later ports that came on. So by the way, look at what
she's fighting here in this video. It's like a giant enemy crab. This game was just ahead of its
time. The Great Gianna Sisters, classic game of the week. How about that? Did I do good with,
with 15 minutes to pick a game? Anyhow, we're going to take a quick break. And when we come
back with more of Orange Lounge Radio, we got more news for you guys. The Fugu question of the week,
I know our beginnings of the show was a little Sony heavy. So we are going to talk about some
of the goings on in Microsoft's world. Uh, don't have a lot in Nintendo news this week. Uh, that
was more a couple of weeks ago, but with their Nintendo Directs and so forth, we do have at
least one big piece of Nintendo news coming up after the break. And then of course, most
importantly, your calls, your emails, your voices. When we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio in progress with episode number 517 of our program,
August 25th, 2013. Um, and of course there is no show over Labor Day weekend. So this is the show
that's going to have to hold you over for two weeks. But the good news is I just said it's
episode 517. So if you're newer to the show, you have a whole archive of shows you can go listen
to if you don't mind hearing some old news, but there's always like a different classic game of
the week and you know, whatever controversies are going on. So, uh, uh, I believe we have episodes
dating back four years still on the same server. I mean, you can't, you can't easily get episode
one or things like that. I mean, it was a very different show back in the day then too. I think,
well, there is the OL archive, which is available on there, but, uh, I would say about the last four
or five years worth of show is still on the Orange Lounge Radio.com server. So all you need are links,
which are floating around out there. Uh, you can check that out. Uh, I do want to say hello to
Dark Sakura, uh, because, uh, she had to leave the show, as you know, in part A, uh, she unfortunately
got a little bit sick here on air, but she made it home during the break and she is in our chat room.
So for the live listeners, you will at least get to say hi to Dark Sakura. She's there in the chat
room and, uh, she does have her village open in Animal Crossing. If you want to go say hello to
her and, uh, hit her with a bug net. That's, you just have to beat the allergies out of her with
a bug net. So Misty, if you're available, the only way you need to, it's really the only way. All
right. Um, so we are here to talk more news and get to the mailbag and all that fun stuff.
Uh, let's do that right now with some rapid fire news. Loki. All right. So this was kind of a
surprise announcement out of the whole PlayStation for, uh, uh, their press conference that they had.
It was a reimagining of a game called Shadow of the Beast, which was an old, uh, side scroller,
I guess, for the Amiga. You know, I know that game. And so now it's this like at first glance,
you kind of go, oh, it's like Altered Beast, although no, but close enough, I guess. Yes.
And now it's coming to the PlayStation four. So that's interesting, I guess. Definitely not
something you would, you would guess would be coming. Um, game dev Tycoon is coming to steam
this, um, this week, actually, August 29th, and it will be getting an HD, well, sort of an HD,
a high res treatment. And if you haven't played game dev story, it was a game on the iOS
platform. Fantastic. You run a game development company and you make games and you make consoles
and it's just, it's one of those like kind of management Sims. It's a lot of fun. So, um,
check it out. Um, I'm sorry, I'm getting, um, that confused the game dev story. I'm sorry,
game dev Tycoon was the one that they offered up out there. Unfortunately, there was a couple of
them. There's a couple. I'm sorry. That was the one that I took a look at that first thing. They
were like, wait a second. That's the one they put up on Pirate Bay or whatever. Yeah, that's right.
Ironically, your company would go on, you couldn't win because your company would always go bankrupt
due to piracy and it was. Yeah, that's right. Nevermind. I'm sorry. But yeah, this game is
coming out, but you should go play game dev story if you haven't yet. And that's fantastic. It's
actually on, um, iOS and stuff. So you can check that out. Um, and if you want game dev story,
I guess. I don't know. I have to do that kind of move that they, you know, they're trying to
teach people a lesson. I think I'll teach them a lesson by not buying the game. Come on. It was
funny. I'm just not interested in it. And then I mean, come on. Uh, so Eurogamer, um,
kind of asked the question because it does beg to be asked, um, since, you know, last year and
wasn't very good because FIFA 13 on Vita and on the Wii was a reskin of FIFA 12.
So it begs the question, Hey guys, yay. Are you going to be putting out an actual
sequel to the game? Are you going to just reskin, you know, the game from last year? And so
EA sports came out with the best press or, you know, doctored press announcement ever. It was
FIFA 14, uh, for VITA has the same great gameplay compared to last year's entry. It's,
it's the same great gameplay and obviously with, um, any new kits. So basically it's the game that
it was last year, but they've reskinned it and added whatever team roster updates that they're
going to do. So literally roster update 2014 FIFA 14 is FIFA 13, which was FIFA 12. So fantastic that
the game has not changed as people would hope. You don't have to worry about that happening on
the Wii version or Wii U version because guess what? It's not coming out. They didn't make a
version for the Wii or Wii U. And same with Pro Evolution. Now, now to be fair, Pro Evolution
Soccer, same damn thing. They did that on the Wii. We do know that this year though, that is not the
case, at least with PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 versions, since those are using the Fox engine
now and everything. So, and I think it actually, uh, the FIFA is using their new engine, the
Ignite engine. So yeah. Uh, go to our chat room at live.vognetwork.com. Bobby Blackwolf,
having played both game dev games, wants you to know game dev tycoon is a lot deeper than game dev
story. Uh, a lot more difficult. Uh, Blackwolf also is telling other chatters that he's going
to make podcast network tycoon where you create a podcast network and have to deal with certain
listeners. I think you should make that game. It'll be a lot of fun. That's the next thing
VOG needs to get into game development because you don't do enough programming, Bobby. Let's
take on another project. Come on. Love it. All right. Um, let's move on to some more
rapid fire news. Uh, I'll do a couple stories here. One of them about Retro City Rampage on
the 3DS. I think we've talked before it is coming. Uh, they're actually going to have it playable at
PAX Prime, but this is interesting. You're not actually going to be able to play it in 3D at
PAX Prime. So, okay. Uh, however, uh, this will be the latest version of Retro City Rampage that
has the retro plus graphics mode that will double onscreen colors and add soft shadows to the game.
Uh, it is coming out on the 3DS eShop. So yeah. Is it going to be in 3D or is it just not the 3D?
I think the 3D version is not actually playable at PAX. That's what I'm gathering. But yeah,
it sounds like it will be in 3D, but I would imagine it's going to be pretty limited. I mean,
when you see the retro games in 3D, it's usually like one layer is this way and one layer. I
wouldn't expect, but who knows? You might, it might exceed those expectations. Remember,
this is all one guy making this too. That's very impressive. Yeah. Uh, more information for Super
Smash Brothers, whatever the new one might be called on the 3DS and the Wii U. Uh, a new
screenshot has revealed that there will be a stage based off of Metroid Other M. It's the pyrosphere
from Metroid Other M, which is a pleasant surprise because, you know, I know a lot of us
love Metroid. Metroid Other M on the other hand was a little more divisive, but, uh, I'm glad to
see that they are having a nod to this game, even though it wasn't as well received as other classic
games in the Metroid franchise. So that will be a stage available in the game based on a screenshot
that's out there showing Samus and Bowser doing battle while lava is shooting out of the
background. As expected in a Smash Brothers game, the backgrounds will fuck with you.
Also of note for Smash Brothers, Masahiro Sakurai has noted that in the 3DS version
of Smash Brothers, you can actually have outlines around the characters. And I believe this is to
help them stand out on the smaller screen. However, you don't have to do it. The mention
was that you can have thick outlines, thin outlines, or just turn them off.
Fans very interested in these when the pictures first came out. The lines are there to help you
see playable characters from the backgrounds and I would assume the various Pokemon that will show
up and the other assists that happen in the fight. It can get a little crazy on that tiny screen.
So, uh, I think that's great news. And I love, I love it when a developer, the more power they
put in the hands of the player, I mean not to, you know, use an old game cliche, but the more
customization that the player has to really make the game they want, I say the better. Instead of
saying, we're going to do this, we're going to put outlines and that's the way it's going to be.
Deal with it. So yeah, love that. Uh, a brand new expansion revealed for Diablo 3. We talked
about earlier in the show, Diablo 3. Well, an expansion has been announced. It's called Reaper
of Souls. Uh, it will have a new act in the game, five new levels and the Crusader class. It's a
Holy Knight, very similar to the Paladin in Diablo 2. Uh, also the loot system being overhauled.
They're going to call that loot 2.0. It has something called smart drop, meaning the items
that you get will actually be something your class can use. Although there will still be the
other classes because the idea is you trade and you have separate characters and so forth. Um,
also there's something called, uh, loot runs where you get a fully randomized dungeon with randomized
monsters and, uh, you kill lots of monsters and get lots of loot. Uh, Paragon system getting some
changes. No Paragon level cap in the Diablo 3 expansion. So there you go. No release date as
of yet, but Blizzcon is not that far away and I bet they'll have more to say at that time.
In the meantime, they're focusing a little more on the console versions of Diablo 3.
All right. Um, so few announcements. Uh, once again, this is going back to some of the Sony
stuff. Uh, Gran Turismo 6 is now coming out on December 6th, you know, so it's easy for you to
remember. And that would be on PlayStation 3 and they're going to have the most cars on disc of any
Gran Turismo game yet. And, uh, I guess if you pre-order it some places like the Evil G,
you may get some additional cars. And, uh, what I thought was interesting though,
they actually showed like a little bit of a trailer and stuff is that car companies are
developing, uh, prototype cars in Gran Turismo 6. Like they're making some of their prototypes
available to play as I thought that was kind of cool. I'm not really a heck of a sign of the
times. I'm not interested at all in Gran Turismo 6 because, you know, driving simulator, I'm just
terrible at arcade fine, but arcade fine, but yeah, I'm the exact same way. Like Mario, Mario
cart loved it. Blur was a great game. Here's something I would love Sony to do. Give me a
Forza Horizon version of Gran Turismo would be fantastic. Forza Horizon was really good.
You know, you give me something like that. Maybe that's what drive, no actually drive clubs,
I think a bit worse. I don't know what drive club is. I don't know what drive club is either.
I mean, uh, so I don't know if it's more simulation or more arcadey, but like give me an
arcade version kind of Gran Turismo 6 and that'd be pretty sweet. But anyways, yeah. Um, so that's
coming December 6. So far I might add the only game announced for December so far. Hmm. I still
think, I think Ubisoft is going to move South Park there and put in the Far Cry 3. Well, it's just
my own thought because last year the Far Cry 3 and it worked out really well for them. I thought
they pushed the South Park game back to next year. They did. They kind of hinted that that could be
a possibility because Matt Stone and Trey Parker kind of work on it on their own pace. Um, and
you're not going to get them to hurry up. So it's when it's done, I guess. Fair enough. Um, all
right. And then, uh, Pokemon X and Y, uh, the soundtrack will be coming out and it's coming on
four discs. That's a lot of tracks, 212 tracks to be exact, three and a half hours of music.
And it's available, I guess, um, on CD Japan for 2,500 yen. And, um, so yeah, that's, uh, not bad.
And then of course, ah, there, um, hasn't really been any good Capcom fighting games,
or I should say Street Fighter games on the Wii U. And, um, you know, Capcom's, oh no,
they're basically saying, nope, no Street Fighter on the Wii U. Um, they just, no plans to bring any
of the games, no plans for Ultra to come there. Um, so, uh, maybe Street Fighter 5, no idea.
However, there will be, um, some eShop versions of Street Fighter coming to the Wii U. Street
Fighter 2, they're coming out with, well, Street Fighter 2, Street Fighter 2 Turbo,
Super Street Fighter 2 will be out on, um, Virtual Console. So those are going to be $7.99 each.
If you miss your fighting game that only has eight playable characters,
at least you know this one's solid. Classic Street Fighter.
Yeah. Did they ever put out Killer Instinct on, uh...
I don't believe they did. But you know what I have sitting right over there?
A Super Nintendo. And you see that black cartridge lying on top of that?
That can only be one thing. So I'm not too worried.
All right, I gotta thank Alan for that, though. That's his Killer Instinct cartridge, not mine.
All right. All right, uh, let's get to, uh, the FUGL question of the week. You take Facebook,
you take Google, slam them together, you get FUGL.
Every week we ask a question of our Facebook community at facebook.com
slash Orange Lounge Radio and our Google Plus page over at plus.google.com slash
one one zero. No, I'm kidding. Just search for Orange Lounge Radio.
All right, uh, very simple question this week because most of the news this week,
most of the heavy-hitting news was centered around Sony's big press conference. We know the date.
We know the details. We pretty much know all there is to know about PlayStation 4's
launch at this point. Maybe a few surprises at a Tokyo game show.
Um, so what's the verdict? I figure most people have made up their mind.
What's the verdict on the PlayStation 4? Are you getting one? Why or why not?
Let's start with an answer on Google Plus from Jamie Mon, who says,
I was already sold on the PlayStation 4, but the fact that they came out of the box
with no shady online requirements and it's cheaper was a plus.
What they revealed this week wasn't anything to write home about, but didn't sway my opinion
either way. That being said, I plan on buying both systems at launch. Lucky guy. Lucky guy.
Uh, Black Dynamite says, getting one absolutely day one, no way. Using the show's golden rule,
a console is only as good as the games that are on it applies here. Any worthwhile game,
Grand Theft Auto 5, Call of Duty, Final Fantasy, et cetera, are coming out for current gen.
There's no real reason to get one unless you just want the latest and greatest,
which I believe is an answer that echoes where Loki's head is at right now, right?
I still probably will get one, but I, uh, Grand Theft Auto, man, that's, we'll see.
That's kind of where I'm at because I'm like, I still want one. And the gamer that has to
have all the new toys wants one, even just, and yes, I know the game. I love that you
invoked the golden rule of gaming and there's no games I'm dying for at launch, but I kind of want
that console still. To buy Grand Theft Auto 5. Seriously, you just need to do that. I will,
let me know what system Bobby's getting it on because at least I know I'm going to play against
you and get killed, but I can play against Bobby and we're about, you don't play against me. We're
in a crew. We go, we go do heists. Oh, okay. So it's like mass effect. We get a fog crew together
and we do heists. So it's just like mass effect. No, but mass effect is lame. I'm sorry. You're
supposed to say yes, because that gets me to buy it. All right, fine. Yes. It's like mass effect.
All right. Act F says I'm going to wait to see where the consoles go and what games really do
interest me on consoles. For now, I'll stick to my PC and my 3DS. Redertainment says no,
not because I don't want one, but because project buy a house takes priority. Well, real life
sometimes does. Tech EQ says yes, I will get a PlayStation 4 at launch. I need to trade in my 360
because it's gathering dust because I'm using my PS3 as my main console for gaming and video
streaming. The Evil G was offering 50% more in-store credit towards the PlayStation 4 in June.
Oh boy, all these incentives that Evil G is going to throw out there.
Just, I'm just going to throw this out there as a word of advice. Make sure you can't get a better
deal selling the thing directly if you're up for doing that. That's all I'm saying. That's all I'm
saying. Or if you're going to try to trade up, maybe, I mean, if you're going to be that hardcore
and buy the game on both platforms, maybe just show yourself a little restraint and not play the
game for a couple of weeks and just get it when it comes out on that platform. Because let's be
honest, there's a lot of stuff coming out in the fourth quarter and you don't need to buy
everything right away. SSJ100Matt in chat says Grand Theft Auto 5 VOD game nights will be great.
Yep. Yep. That is definitely going to happen. And you're going to be able to stream them, I hope.
Uh, I will. And then DarkSakura is in chat letting us still know her opinion. She says,
I've revised my rule. I have a new golden rule. Never buy a game system or an Apple product at
launch. You're no fun. No fun at all. All right, let's go to Facebook. Those are all our answers
from Google Plus. Let's do Facebook. Holy moly, 18 comments on Facebook. I'm going to try to do
this relatively quick. I apologize in advance. I may not read all of these. I'm going to try to
pick out people I don't usually see. Kertie K says, I won't be getting one this year. I'm not
looking forward to any of the launch titles so I can wait until at least next year to pick up one.
Burr says, I'm getting one but that's because I'm a consumer whore who has pre-ordered both systems.
However, I feel confident that the PlayStation 4 will be worth it just for whatever Naughty Dog
develops for it. Uh, Doug T says, I will be buying the PlayStation 4 day one. I love my PlayStation 3
and PlayStation Vita. I like Sony consoles better as they bring out more games that I like such as
RPGs. Brian G says, I will wait until there's a compelling reason for me to buy one. I have a
gaming PC and like Loki, Grand Theft Auto will keep me busy for a long time. Locopoco says,
I'll be getting one day one. Excited for Knack and Killzone also because I'm a consumer whore.
Renee, one of our buddies from Koopa Club says, I will not be getting a PS4 this year. Not because
I don't want it but because I'm not ready to make that monetary investment just yet.
Jeremy Jay also from Koopa Club says, I've pre-ordered my bundle with Watch Dogs.
I'm buying it because of Final Fantasy 15 much like I bought the PlayStation 3 originally for
Final Fantasy 13. Eddie K sounds like he's signing up for the Dark Sakura's new rule
saying, I generally never get a system at launch. I usually wait about 18 months because by that
time they've worked out most of the bugs in the system. There's a decent selection of titles you
actually want and by that time is usually when they do their first price drop. And uh, let's see,
a couple last answers here. Hitstun says, slow down. I don't even have a PlayStation 3 yet.
I still want to play Journey, Valkyria Chronicles and Tokyo Jungle. PlayStation 4 just doesn't have
any games I could get hyped about. And lastly, Codeman says, I cancelled my pre-order. I have
a PC but I just don't have the funds nor do I really need one right now. The only reason
are games that have sold this to me as Kingdom Hearts 3 and Final Fantasy 15. Although they are
developing Kingdom Hearts 3 on PC so there might be a PC build. I will wait just to let the dust
settle. And tacos. Some of the answers there from Facebook. I apologize I didn't read them all
just because there were so many answers. But I do encourage our listeners to check out the variety
of answers available on Facebook. Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio. And I did read them
all on Google tonight because there's just less people over there. But you can check out the full
answers. I did truncate some of the answers a little bit. You can check that out on our
Google Plus page. Thank you to everybody for responding. Let's get back into some more news.
Loki. Alright. So let's talk a little bit about the Xbox One. Europe. They made an announcement
that, hey, we're gonna get you to buy the Xbox One because we know what you Europeans like.
You like FIFA. So you get FIFA. You get FIFA. You get FIFA. You get FIFA. You get FIFA. Everybody
gets FIFA 14 with the Xbox One and and the soundtracks by Adele. Go figure to try and
get more sales. It's a joke. Yeah, I got that. So, yes, it will be also available on Xbox 360.
You can get a bundle as well for 199 Euro. So, yeah. So FIFA. FIFA 14. That's how they're
gonna sell it to you. Cool. It's interesting that it's a third party game. That's the part
that gets me like I'm like, wow, it's a third party. I mean, it really does sweeten the deal,
though. I mean, with the fact that the console's, you know, $100 more expensive,
it goes a long way to put a game in there to give that extra value. I realize the game is only 60
bucks. But remember, connect and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Whether you like it or not,
that is all stuff that's coming with it, which FIFA 14 does not. I don't believe uses connect.
Well, well, I don't know if it uses connect because they don't say anymore. A lot of the
Xbox One games aren't right away. Let's be there. There's some. But, you know, there's a lot that
aren't. At least if what we saw at E3 is to be any. I mean, they use it on the 360. Let's assume
that the features for the connect are going to be pretty similar on the Xbox One as they are on the
Xbox 360. So the advantage that you get with the Xbox One is you paid $100 more for that stupid
camera and they're going to penalize you for swearing at the game. So count me in.
Yeah, that's not going to work in my house. Like just just the other night,
actually one game I've been playing a lot of this week, Bit.Trip Runner 2.
I didn't talk about this in my gaming week. Oh, yeah, that's free, isn't it?
It's free on PlayStation Plus. I bought it months ago on Wii U, but I was like,
well, shit, it's free and I want trophies. So I'm going to play it again. And every time I'm
playing that game, doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo. Fuck! God damn it! All the way back to the
beginning of the level. Doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo. God! That's me playing Bit.Trip.
So I don't need the connect penalizing me further for swearing. Although I think a lot of that is
obviously overdone. Come on. What connect games are really going to penalize you for swearing
unless it's like Sesame Street adventures? They're going to throw. Yeah, they're going to
card you in the game or flag you, I guess. Yeah, I don't know. It seems kind of lame
that they have that as an option. And that's that's the best you could come up with for
connect is that a lot of stuff. Yeah, that doesn't make any sense to me. Well, in Europe,
that's a huge deal. That's like Mario Brothers. No, I'm not knocking that. You know, they're
bringing in. That's a big thing for I'm talking about connect. Like what they're using it for is
just like a lot of this voice recognition stuff that I think you could probably do just fine with
a headset. So I don't understand why they need a whole thing to watch you
to do this, you know, voice stuff. All right. Well, some other big Microsoft news this week.
I'm sure many of you have heard that the current CEO of Microsoft, Steve Ballmer,
no, Bill Gates is not CEO. It's actually Steve Ballmer is the Microsoft CEO. He will be retiring
from that position over the next 12 months. Don't know exactly when I would imagine a lot of that
depends on when they figure out who is going to be replacing him and how well the Xbox one does.
I don't know about retirement. The problem is people were already criticizing Steve Ballmer
and it's not necessarily related to the Xbox one because like you said, I'm not out yet. Windows 8.
It's that in the tablets. Windows surface. Yeah, the tablets, the phones, they haven't really been
doing as well as they should have been. So yeah, unfortunately you get a lot of that stuff and
the stockholders are saying maybe it's time for somebody else. There is a panel put together to
try and find a replacement. Now the panel includes Bill Gates, Chuck Noski, Steven Luxo also on that
panel. So yeah, if you're interested, just give Bill Gates a call and let them know you're
interested in the position. Although I kind of think they'll probably be looking, you know, at
other big companies, tech companies. Here's where I insert my fan wank that they should hire Reggie
Fils-Aime. Come on guys. How do you like that fan wank? No, we're talking about, for one, Reggie's
obviously a very game focused company. When we talk about the Microsoft CEO, that is much more
than just Xbox. Maybe they'll promote from within. Kind of like how, you know, what they did when
Don Mattrick left. You know what they need to do. And I know that this would probably violate some
contracts and stuff, but they need to hire fictional character Kevin Butler
as president of Microsoft because it would be awesome.
Is there anybody that jumps out at you who could be the person to jump in as CEO?
No.
Well, you know what they, you know what else they could-
Clippy.
Clippy B.
Oh, Clippy, the Microsoft office assistant. Yes. Well, you know what they could do in
good old American tradition to find the new CEO of Microsoft? Reality TV show.
This is Microsoft's Idol. America voted.
Anyhow, another show for Seacrest to host. Come on.
He doesn't need work.
No, he's going to be hosting an NBC game show coming up. The million second quiz,
which is, and I know, God, I can't believe I'm going to admit this. There's an app that's
available- That's a pretty long time.
There's an app that's available. It's 11 days, a million seconds.
Yeah, I know. That's a pretty long time.
Well, they're trying to make it an event game show. Remember when Who Wants to Be a Millionaire
I love game shows. So remember when Who Wants to Be a Millionaire first came out on ABC,
it was a big fucking deal, right? The original Regis hosted one when the guy won the million
dollars and used his lifeline to call his dad. Like that was like epic television, right?
Yeah.
There was event television. That's what NBC is trying to try to make that happen again.
Cause it's been a while since we've really had, you know, Who Wants to Be a Millionaire
has kind of faded away into a, I shouldn't say faded away because now it's like a syndicated
game show, like your Jeopardy, like your Wheel of Fortune, you know, it's there.
But NBC is trying to make this event game show happen again.
And we've seen other networks try this. Like ABC had one a couple of years ago called Dual.
It was a pretty decent game, but it just didn't really take off.
Yeah. It really needs to be based off the Stephen King novel in order to like be interesting.
Well, NBC has got this million second quiz and it's going to be hosted by Seacrest. Well,
okay. Remember back in the day with Who Wants to Be a Millionaire, part of the reason everybody
was so like crazy about it is because the way you entered was you could call a telephone line and
play a game. And if you were good at the game, you might get flown to New York and go on the
show. Right. And I think they had a thing at McDonald's too. I want to say it was many years
ago. Yeah. Remember the telephone. Okay. Well now what was that? 1999. So here we are 14 years
later. Now it's an iPad app. So you can actually download the million second quiz iPad app. And I'm
maybe guilty of having played this, but you get matched up against other people and you take a
10 question quiz. It's all multiple choice. And it's like a mixture of like the same thing you
would expect to see on Trivial Pursuit cards. Right. And you have to pick the answer. Well,
supposedly, and I don't know how this is going to work, but if you hit a certain benchmark score
in the iPad app, you qualify as a line jumper to go beyond the real show when it debuts,
I think in a week or two. I think it's coming up here pretty soon. All right. Good. Now when they
say, Oh, you might, you might win money, like a million billion dollars or however much they're
giving away a few thousand. I'm not, but I, but that's, that's how they get, that's how they make
it event television by saying you Johnny America sitting at home with your iPad, get the app now,
and you can be here sitting and winning all this money in a couple weeks or whatever. Pretty good
idea. How did talking about Steve Ballmer leave us to talking about NBC game shows? I don't know,
but I agree with code man in the chat room who says, at least it's not candy crush,
true facts deleted that from my phone. Thank you very much. That was embarrassing. Sorry about
that. I, I bet you anything. Yeah. There will be a candy crush theme game show at some point.
Cause wasn't there like a Hasbro themed game show? Yes, there still is. There's still the family
game night. Yes. Family game night. So act deft and chat says, imagine if Rob gets on that game
show. Yes, please. But, uh, it would also be nice if I won some money because then like, you know,
if I win enough money, I could possibly leave my day job and do vog full time. Wouldn't that be
fun? If I could win a million dollars. Huh? All right. Forget it. Moving on more news.
All right. So, uh, Humble Bundle, um, the Origin Bundle has earned a record breaking $8.7 million.
And that was based on 1.791 million bundles, uh, being sold and, um, average price 486.
And, uh, I guess the record previous to that was 5.1 million, um, with the Humble Indie Bundle 5.
And, uh, they did add a few more games. They added command and conquer red alert,
three uprising, not red alert three, which would have been an awesome game,
but red alert three uprising, a four level ex standalone expansion. Boo.
Act deft and check correcting you, by the way, it's over 9 million now. I don't want to, uh,
populace and yes. And, um, I think that was it. Yeah. I love the fact, by the way,
even though populace, you have to get it through origin, whatever it's, um, that's like the classic
game back from like, when did that game come out? Like 1989. It was on super Nintendo.
And, um, that game was awesome. Um, and I was very happy that they threw that in the bundle as well.
And what's so funny about it is because the game is so old origin actually has these prompts that
says, okay, you are about to play an old game. And back in the day, there was no way to quit
an old game. So if you need to quit the game, you all tab when you all tab out of the game,
you quit the game. Cause remember the old PC get, you just power off your PC to quit them.
There was no like way to exit populace. There's no exit, not in populace. Well,
they didn't program it very well then you can quit the DOS. I mean, DOS. And then also,
this is the funny thing. Remember how games back in the day, the copy protection was the manual.
What is the third word on page 45 of the manual or use this chart in the back of the man? So that
was in populace. You had to identify these crests in the game. So that's still in there,
but they fixed it so that it says you can input any word and the game will accept it as the
correct answer. So like, what does this shield mean? Boobs. And it'll take it. That's correct.
There you go. Yeah. All right. All right. And then, um, something else about origin.
They're now allowing returns now returns with an asterisk. Basically what's going to happen is if
you buy a game on origin and they have this now great game guarantee, if you're unsatisfied with
your full game, a digital download from origin, and this includes full games on pre-order and,
you know, other discounts and stuff, I believe you'll be able to return it within seven days.
So seven days after purchase without activation or 24 hours after launching it for the first time.
So 24 hours if you've activated seven days, if you haven't activated the game.
Interesting to see origin and EA really making these big customer service grabs between the
humble bundle and the great thing they're doing for charity. And I hate to make that
sound opportunistic, but the reality is it's, it was opportunistic. Well, it's putting a lot of
people in origins, good graces right now. And now this, which is hard to say this isn't good news.
I think it's great. It isn't, it isn't terrible. It's not bad news. It's good news. Um, you know,
it's, it's good that they have the option in there. Um, and it's good to like, you know,
for a few reasons. One, if you run into a situation like SIM city where the whole launch
was fucked up, you know, you can get your money back, which is kind of cool. Or for example,
like if you buy a game that just doesn't run well on your PC, then you can get your money back.
So that's pretty good. Or you just don't like it. Yeah. Or you just don't like it. So I think
that's kind of cool that they have that in there. I wish steam would do something similar, but it's,
let's, let's be honest here. This is far and away from like, you know, I'm selling a used
copy of my game that I finished or something like that. This is, this is not anything like that.
This is just kind of like that. Oh, almost like the, the evil G use game thing where it's like,
okay, within seven days you can return this, you know, except, you know, seven days without
playing it. Um, so I'll give them props for at least having some sort of return.
Well, you said in there in passing, you said, I wish steam would do something like this because
yeah, they don't really do refunds on steam unless there's a huge, I mean,
they've done it before, but it was like a huge thing. But, uh, this whole competition now,
you know, if origin does get more and more market share, it's going to force steam to look into
doing these types of things. Yeah. For, uh, you know, to, to make themselves competitive.
It's interesting. I don't know if they'll have to do that because I think what's going to end
up happening is they're probably going to come out with some sort of way to sell or trade your
game online using their services. I think that's what's going to end up happening there. So they
may not have like, you know, the whole returns thing. So I think this is a good direction. I
mean, I can't say I'm going to go buy a bunch of games and then return them, but it does take that
awkwardness out of returning things too. Like, I don't know. I just don't like to go back to the
store and return something as I feel like that guy, unless it's like very clearly broken or
whatever. Like I just, who likes to be that guy? Well, some people do, but anyway. Uh, well, you
can be any guy or gal you want to be in a series known as Fable and Fable Legends is a new game.
It's a multiplayer game that's set in the universe of the other Fable games, Albion.
It was announced at Gamescom. There will be a beta test actually happening next year. So not
to be outdone by say Elder Scrolls Online on the PlayStation. Xbox will have Fable Legends. No
release window for the game currently, but I would imagine if they're going to beta test it next year,
no later than holiday next year. Holiday next year would be my guess. You can sign up on the
game's website if you're interested in more information, fablelegends.com. And there's
like a little trailer and you can see all the other stuff they put out at Gamescom. It looked
neat, but I'm sorry. After playing the last few Fable games, it's just, it's always so much hype
and then they play, especially if they have Peter Molyneux talking about Fable. Oh my God.
You know, they just hype it up so much and it's just kind of like, yeah, this is kind of very
similar to the last Fable game. Um, so I don't know. It looks all right, but I mean, it'd be
something my wife would be into. I'm not buying it. She loved the Fable games, didn't she? I'm
not buying an Xbox one for that game, but you know, my wife would probably be interested.
I forgot. She, she really liked the Fable games, huh? Yeah, she plays through. Cause she like,
she liked to do really weird things in them, didn't she? Not really. I thought that's what,
I thought that's what it was. No. Does she play them good or evil? Good. Usually she tries to.
That's, that's good. All right. Well, let's see if our emailers this week are good or evil in
a segment we do every week here on the show called the Mailbag. Mailbag at orangelaungerator.com is
the place to send us emails each and every week. And, uh, in the absence of dark Sakura tonight,
I will dive into the mailbag head first. Ooh. And, uh, oh my gosh, it's pretty empty in here,
but at the very, very, very bottom of this mailbag, whoop, way down there at the bottom,
one email here for me to read tonight. Yeah. One email. Well, you know what? It's kind of a long
email, so it'll work. Uh, if you want to email us for a future week, you know what? When dark
soccer gets back and she's over allergies and all that, let's make her work. Give us like 10 emails
for next week. If you can send 10 emails from 10 different people, I will get dark Sakura a taco.
Remember that bet. All right. Uh, Ragenator is our emailer tonight and here we go.
Uh, I think that we all in the VoG community have at least one thing in common. We're all gamers.
I'm gonna, I'm gonna actually stop you right there. VoG is actually the voice of Geeks Network.
Now I think most of the people do play some games, but like not, well, certainly not every
show on VoG is about games. Um, and we, I think we do have a couple hosts who maybe don't play
nearly as many video games as the rest of us do. So please, please do make that a note, even though
OLR, Bobby Black Wolf, Girls Gone Wow, you know, we're, we're all strictly about video games.
Understation Live dabbles in it, Pod Culture dabbles in it. Uh, they are not strictly video
games, but anyhow, I think you would be right in saying gaming is one big part of geek culture.
Anyhow, he goes on to say, granted the reasons why we're gamers may be vastly different,
but nonetheless, we're gamers. That being said, I'd like to pose this question to the three of
you as well as the VoG community as a whole. Why gaming? What draws you to the hobby as opposed
to some other hobby as opposed to something like, I don't know, underwater basket weaving?
I'm positive that there has to be some sort of motivation behind it. Is it major or minor or
people wouldn't do it? For me, my original reason from 1981 was the novelty of video games. Before I
discovered video games, I could only turn a TV on or off, change the volume or change the channel.
I could not have direct control of anything that actually happened on the screen. Video games
changed that. Over the past 32 years, my motivations evolved into two things. One,
regardless of the game I'm playing, be it Call of Duty, Madden, Mortal Kombat or whatever,
I'm essentially getting mental exercise. I have to learn patterns in AI or stage layouts, anticipate
what an opponent may do, etc. and base my strategy around that as well as tweak my strategy via the
trial and error method. Video games, in a sense, are just the next evolution of a chess game.
My second reason is that my real life is extremely boring 99.9% of the time. However,
no matter how boring real life gets, things change a tad when I play a game. For that little while
I'm playing a game, I'm not some schmuck that really can't afford to go out much and doesn't
get invited to do anything. Rather, for that little while that I'm playing a game, I'm the world's
greatest athlete. I'm the guy that saves the world and gets the girl. I'm the guy that single-handedly
stops a terrorist plot. I get to visit worlds, real fictional or a blending of real and fictional,
that there's zero chance in real life of visiting. I get to have really amazing adventures as a
result of video games. This email has been brought to you by Bobby's googly-eyed Oculus Rift. Now,
if only Dark Soccer, I can get him to use the damn thing to play Mass Effect. Garris all the things.
That email again from Raginator. So, the question from Raginator, why gaming? I'll ask Loki here in
a minute here. Let me read some of the answers from Ch- no, no, let me go to Loki, actually.
Loki, why gaming? I don't know. Why do you play video games? Because they're fun. It's just,
it's just a medium, I guess, to play. I mean, it's just like, if you were to play with Legos,
or if you were to draw, or you're gonna do something else. I mean, just, I don't know,
it's just what I ended up doing. You know, it's what I started off early with, like, you know,
PC games and stuff. And, you know, I did other things other than just, you know,
like, I had, you know, blocks. I was into a lot of weird hobbies. Well, not weird hobbies,
as in, I used to collect hobbies almost. It was like, you know, rock collecting, or, you know,
baseball cards, comic books, you know, all sorts of stuff. And it's just like, for some reason,
you know, it's just something that we do nowadays. It's like, why watch TV? Why listen to the radio?
I mean, it's to the point now where video games are kind of like watching TV. It's that common.
It's not really, it's like, why eat food? I mean. That was a little bit me too. Like,
if you go back to like my senior year of high school, and you look at me in the yearbook,
I'm like in like six different clubs, and that doesn't even count. Like, I used to do a public
access TV show. A lot of people don't know about this, because I don't want Travis Donovan ever
finding the tapes of it, because God knows what'll happen. But, you know, I was doing all this
stuff, like when I was a kid. And I think a lot of that was just because, I don't know if it was
out of boredom, or just out of the fact like, you know, when I was sitting at home doing nothing,
I just felt really depressed. So I had to kind of get out and do these different things. And I just
almost overdid it. And video games, to some extension, were a real social thing at that age.
I think the reason why I got into it, to answer the question, actually very similar to what
Rage Nator said at the beginning there. Being able to kind of control the pictures on the TV,
I think was a real kind of novel thing, when you're like six years old, five years old,
and very impressionable. So I'm going to the chat room, and some of the answers there. Let's see.
Brad from Pod Culture says, why not gaming? Black Wolf says, I don't do underwater basket weaving,
because I don't have a pool. There is no place to practice. But a game console is cheaper than
a backyard pool. Degenerate Johnny says, why gaming? Because it makes me harder than Peter
North in a bukkake festival. What? What? Where every gamer has a voice, I guess. SSJ100Matt
with a far more serious answer saying, escapism is the theme, is the thing for some people.
Certainly. Well, Dark Sakura is still listening to the show. And she sent an answer over private
message here, because if she were here, I'd ask her what she says. So she told me over chat,
she says, I had a rotten childhood, and I would hide in books. Having a visual outlet,
a world to get involved with would occupy my mind in a way that a book could not, because my eyes
and ears were also engaged. Later on, I found out that as I am autistic, it gives me a very strong
focus, especially if my senses have been otherwise overwhelmed. I've often broken myself out of a
meltdown that way. Also, it's how I met my husband. As far as why I like it over another medium,
it's that again, that process of immersion, having an active hand in what happens in the game
makes it a lot better than being a passive participant. So there you go. Yeah, I think,
you know, I use this, this kind of example today is like, some of my friends asked me like,
wow, you play a lot of World of Warcraft. Aren't you addicted? Are you addicted to World of
Warcraft? And then I go, well, have you spent your free time? You've watched every single episode of
Lost twice. Are you addicted? Are you addicted to Lost? Game of Thrones? Are you addicted to that?
TV tells me that you're addicted to, wow, because you can't just like it. You must be addicted.
TV, TV. So yeah, it's like, yeah, I may play a lot of video games, but if you ask me like,
what movies I've seen lately, I see maybe 10% of what I really want to see. I just saw the first
half of Planes yesterday. And you asked me about TV shows. I'm especially clueless. The fact that
I watched Orange is the New Black from start to finish says a lot about that show because there's
very few shows I've watched from start to finish. Very few. So there you go. All right. That's it.
That was the only email tonight. So mailbag at orangelaungeradio.com if you would like to send
us an email for a future week. In the meantime, let's get to the FUs of the week. And this is
the part of the show where we give our angst. Well, Loki, would you like to start us off
tonight? Yes. Big fuck you to cyclists because you're always in my goddamn way on the street.
There's this guy that was in front of me today, you know, not in a bike lane or anything, just
kind of in the middle of the goddamn street, riding his bike super goddamn slow. I didn't
go around him because if I go try to, you know, share the lane with him and go around him, then
I might hit him and that would be bad. So yeah, fuck that. And also what is up with all these
people? I know that you're not on a fucking team practicing for the race, but wearing your stupid
skin tight, you know, uniforms with all your sponsors on there. I'm sorry, but no fat dude
wearing that. You do not have sponsors. You're not in a race. You're not practicing for a race.
I don't understand it. My boss has like a group of people that he rides with and they all have like
gene uniforms and stuff. It's ridiculous. You're not in races. Okay. You don't have sponsors.
What the hell? All right. Uh, dark Sakura sending her FUs, uh, by private messages.
She wants you all to know FU to my fucking sinuses, which makes sense.
Uh, and $115 school books for one fucking class. Oh my God. A lot of money. Um, my FU of the week
goes to construction on highway 80 between Vacaville and Dixon. You suck. And I realized,
look, construction workers don't hard construction workers work hard. I don't blame you personally.
I know you have to do that stuff, but here's the thing that pissed me off about it is that there
was no warning. If you know traffic is going to be backed up at one 30 in the morning for one hour,
have a goddamn sign 20 miles up the road that says severe congestion on highway 80 due to
construction. You built all these freaking Amber alert signs that only thankfully have
to be used once in a blue moon. How about showing us traffic updates on those fucking things
instead of, you know, nothing, which is what they show when there isn't, unfortunately some child
who's been kidnapped. I would have sympathy if, if they chose to show a abducted child message
over a construction message, I'd be okay with that, but to show nothing at all that warns me,
Hey, try taking a back road is a little bit here. You didn't know that that this month is,
you know, California repaved the road month. It's spare the air day tomorrow. God,
anyhow movie. Yeah. Or click it or ticket or what else did they put on those Amber alert signs that
have nothing to do with their purpose? Uh, report drunk drivers report drunk drive, which will,
you know, it's some of the, I know a lot of this stuff is important and I'm not trying to belittle
it, but I sometimes feel like when they do this, they it's it's like when the text message remember
when they sent the Amber alert text message to everybody at two in the morning, the, about the
kid that got kidnapped, tons of people disabled it right after that. Why did they do that? Are they,
are they just, are they assholes that don't care about kids? No, it's because that hideous thing
showed up on people's phones at two in the morning going like, it's like a freaking fire
alarm going off in your house. It scared the living hell out of people. Like how about a
little heads up a little warning. So unfortunately it's like when you, when you shoehorn things
that were intended for this other purpose, it's people get desensitized to it and the same thing
is happening with those signs. Anyhow. Sorry. I didn't mean to get on my soap box, but I guess
that's what the F is the weaker for. Right. Yep. All right. All right. So there's a rumor. Well,
it's actually probably not, it's actually not a rumor anymore. There was a rumor that, um,
there was going to be a special 32 gigabyte Wii U bundle that was going to have the legends of
the Wind Waker HD. Why I say it's not a rumor anymore because Nintendo. Thank you, Nintendo.
Apparently Nintendo had a brand new trailer that they released and then quickly pulled off
the internet, um, that showed off the new hero mode. And then at the end of the trailer also
announced the bundle that was going to be coming out. And, uh, thankfully there are some people
that took screen caps and what is this new bundle going to have in it? Well, it's basically a, uh,
Wii U, um, black Wii U system with the game pad, having what looks like a decal on it with some,
um, you know, the Zelda, like flourishes and stuff. There was like some little bit of gold.
Um, I don't even know what the hell you would call it, like a gold emblem on it and stuff.
And, um, it comes with special unique things. So yeah, it's sticker. Okay. And then it comes
with Wind Waker HD for $349.99. Cool, but it's still $349.99 is my thing. And when you consider
that the PlayStation 4 is only $50 more, it, that's a kind of a hard sell. Also when like
other systems like the Xbox 360 and the PlayStation 3 are $199, that's a lot of games you can buy
in between that. Granted, it's not Zelda, but this is not technically a new Zelda either.
It is an HD remake that you're trying to pass off. Trying, trying to convince people to buy
system for like it's a brand new Zelda, which it's not. I'm sure they'll announce said brand
new Zelda next year, but there's still got a ways to go. If you put a demo for brand new Zelda on
that disc, then you're talking. Yeah, that's true. Then those things will go flying. So.
All right. Well, unfortunately, some sad news to end on tonight. And that has to do with a
studio closure. Seattle based studio Big Fish has gone through a round of layoffs. It is closing
its Vancouver studio and has gone into a 30 day consultation period about its Cork, Ireland
operations. CEO Paul Thelen sent a letter to staff that talked about the changes, that talked about
49 layoffs in its Seattle headquarters and another 70 employees re-aligned. 524 full-time employees
in Seattle previously, 9% of the studio cut. Quote, I want to stress that our decisions are
not based on company-wide performance or that of the people working on these initiatives,
both of which are strong, but because of where the market is growing and quite frankly, where it is
not. The most significant decision we are making today is that we are discontinuing our premium
cloud delivery business. This service is not growing as fast as we had hoped it would and is
not on a path to profitability. And this is why I'm guessing probably most of you have not heard
of Big Fish because one of their big things was streaming casual games, was one of their big
markets. They had Big Fish Unlimited that would do all these casual style adventure games. Yeah,
I recognize them just because I used to set up a lot of their games and remember the mystery case
file games that they had and yeah, I mean, mainly mystery case files because they did have a few of
them on the Wii and the DS. Right. So, even though we might not play as many casual games here at
OLR, it's always sad to hear about studio closures, so good luck to all those affected employees.
That's never fun to report on. Hopefully, we'll have a new studio like we've heard about in other
cases. So, that does it for news tonight. We're gonna open up the Skype line. It is time for us to
open up the Skype line and get some calls. Our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio, or you can
still call us on the good old telephone, 1-877-GAME-OLR is where you can call us.
OrangeLoungeRadio, all one word on Skype. Speaking of calls, there's this weird new thing happening
on Skype. I don't know if I should talk about it, but I think we're getting like spam voicemails.
Like, I seriously had like seven voicemails throughout the week from random numbers,
but I would try to click play because I thought, oh, maybe somebody's actually leaving us a bumper.
Maybe it's actually a new listener, but I click play and nothing happens. And then I go, it's
probably there. All the voicemails are the same length. They're all four minutes and 22 seconds.
And I'm like, that's probably spam. Probably tell me to go to some website and put in my
social security number for a chance at some credit card or something. Oh, lame. All right. Well,
somebody's calling in on the phone right now. So let's see what happens when we pick up the phone
and go to it. Hi, OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this? Hey, it's Jim Sally, guys. Hey, Jim Sally,
what's up, buddy? I totally forgot. You guys have an old school telephone, man, sitting on your show.
We do have the old school telephone sitting on the show. That's why I was surprised to
hear from you on it, because usually you call us on Skype. Were you just wanting to test that
it still worked? No, I was outside of my garage and the Skype lady was saying she didn't like
my Skype. Oh, I'm sorry, man. I don't want to call you and be all choppy on the Skype line.
So, Jim Sally, to what do we owe this phone call tonight? I was going to give my own little
fuck you of the day today. Go for it. Some fuck you of Jim Sally's land, Jesus Christ. Fuck.
Three months ago, I let my Xbox Live subscription lapse because I wasn't playing video games and I
was busy and I was moving. I just let it lapse. And I have a silver, but I don't care. I wasn't
playing anything. And today I went on there and I wanted to see if Breaking Bad was on tonight.
And I went to the stupid fucking Internet Explorer and it didn't fucking work, guys.
It said I have a fucking paid subscription if I wanted to use goddamn Internet Explorer on my
Microsoft machine. Yep, you want to use any of that premium shit. It's behind the freaking paywall.
What in the fuck is Internet Explorer Premium? It's the shittiest browser out there.
They should apologize to me when I turn it on.
If I make me pay for it. If anyone wants to go to YouTube or watch some fucking
street videos, then motherfucking YouTube doesn't work. It's okay. They make up for it by letting
you use Bing. Oh my fucking God. Bing doesn't work either. You go to Bing and you search
something and it goes, you got to pay for shit. You go and look for what's on your Xbox.
You know, that would be nice. They should allow you to set your... Maybe we should do this. Set up
some type of website on orangehondrede.com that you could set your home browser to in Internet
Explorer on Xbox. That way every time you open the browser, it would take you to a page that says,
welcome to Internet Explorer 10 on the Xbox. We're very sorry.
Where it would apologize to you every time that you do it. Welcome to Internet Explorer. We are
so sorry. We're sorry. Sorry.
Almost none of those channels, Jim Salley, will work without a gold subscription. Now,
not all, some of them will, but like this Netflix, Hulu, the stuff that people really want to work.
Nope. And this is what doesn't work. Nope. You have to have Xbox.
But it will work on the Wii, the Wii U, the PlayStation three and the PlayStation four
and your PC making my decision to buy a PlayStation three so much fucking easier.
So it is a huge wall that Microsoft might want to reconsider. The new Microsoft CEO
might want to reconsider. You know, I was considering buying an Xbox one for the
pass through because I do use the Xbox to communicate with people. But fuck,
I bet you my messenger doesn't work anymore anymore now.
Be careful. I bet you my Amazon messenger doesn't work anymore. I'm a fucking Xbox.
It's all broken. Fuck Xbox, man. Fuck Xbox, everybody. Don't buy one.
Just always put the car wash on this shit. Buy an iPad. It's fucking better.
You know, the one thing I'm kind of sad about with these new systems is that they don't have,
they only have HDMI out and they don't have options for, I understand like component and stuff,
you know, would have been nice, but like I play a lot on a PC monitor that has just a VGA in and
I'm sure there's a cable I could get, but it's going to be an elaborate setup just to play
on a VGA monitor. I really wish they'd have that so I could use a VGA cable like they had with,
you know, the Xbox 360 because I get a lot of use out of that.
So I agree. The Xbox one, whatever, everyone forget about it. Just buy a PlayStation 4.
It's not just the Xbox one. It's both PlayStation 4 too does the same thing. So it's,
I don't know, it kind of sucks because there's only really one TV I can play that on
or I'd do PC monitor, which I really don't want to.
Jim Salley, before we let you go so we can get other calls, I wanted to kind of call attention
to this real quick. You made a forum post on the VOG forums this week, kind of asking for advice
on how to kind of go about starting a podcast. And the reason why I wanted to point people to it is
because I was like, I would love it if Jim Salley did a podcast, so I want to make sure he gets the
help he needs. But then it kind of occurred to me, I was like, you know, other people might want to
read this too. So I'd really encourage, you know, if those looking for podcasting tips or whatever,
take a look on the forums. But is this something that might happen,
Jim Salley? We looking at a Jim Salley show coming soon?
A lot of us are too geeky. We don't know how to do things like drive a fucking stick.
Even my friends I know can drive, they can drive a stick in great tourism all day long.
And then they get into my little photo and they can't back it out of my driveway.
I kind of love this idea, as long as it stays on that line of being tongue in cheek and not
insulting. But I know you can do it. I know you can do it, Jim Salley. I think it would be funny.
All right, Jim Salley, I'm going to let you go so we can get more calls,
but thank you. It's always a delight to hear from you and look forward to your new show soon.
All right, everybody. Stay tuned for more. Good night, everybody.
All right. Night, Jim Salley.
Good well.
Night.
Good well, Jamie.
Do you want to send Jamie a special message?
Jamie, I want to send you a special message right now. Right now, I'm snuggling my carload.
I'm deciding it's you. I'm just squeezing the sinuses right out of your nose. Oh yeah,
Jamie. That's for you, baby.
All right.
Jim Salley, I'm going to leave you to your pillow, Jim Salley. Good night, Jim Salley. Bye.
That wasn't creepy or anything.
Jamie's in chat right now going, ew, the snot is everywhere now.
1-877-CAM-OL-R or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio if you want to give us a call.
Loki, do you have any last minute stories?
Yeah, I was going to talk about the release of a homebrew game for the Nintendo DS.
It's called Aperture Science DS, and as you might imagine, it is a DS version of Portal,
and you can download it for free on smelum.net. It's S-M-E-A-L-U-M dot net slash A-S-D-S.
Aperture Science DS. So check that out. It looks pretty impressive, actually, for a DS game.
For a homebrew.
Yeah, it's pretty impressive.
Also, the GamePop, remember them? They're one of those Android consoles that we kind of forgot
about. GamePop was the one that had the monthly service that you would subscribe to, I guess,
and they've actually announced some partnerships with different mobile game developers,
including TinyCo, who does TinyVillage, Animaka, I guess, pretty pet salon, and Creative Mobile,
which does the drag racing franchise. Also, Halfbrick, the Jetpack Joyride guys,
Vector Unit, who do Riptide GP, and Glue, Heroes of Destiny, and they're saying that they're
going to have about 500 games available when the GamePop launches in winter, and yeah.
So it's going to be, I think if I remember correctly, it's like a streaming model.
So you would be able to get a free mini model that requires a $6.99 monthly subscription,
or the more powerful model of the console, which is $129, but the subscription service is still
required. And then also GamePop games, I guess, can be played with a smartphone as well,
instead of just the controller, if you really want to. Although, why the hell would you buy
a gaming console to play on your phone when you can just play these games on your phone
to begin with? Well, sometimes with the Wii U, you're going to play on the tablet.
Remember, it's not all a card. It's $699, you get access to 500 games, so there's that too.
All right. Let me give another call for the Skype line, if you want to give us a call.
Boy, Bobby didn't get any calls tonight either. Everybody's shy tonight. 1877 GameOLR,
our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio. At least we got Jim Salley. If nothing else,
God bless Jim Salley. 1877 GameOLR, our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio. In the meantime,
I want to get to Twitter topics here. Trying to bring it up on my iPad right now,
except I had the Rocky Horror Picture show up on my iPad.
All right. Just a couple of tweets tonight from Tigerclaw. Tigerclaw sending us a couple of
tweets. One of them, a Metroid fan film Kickstarter taken down over IP dispute with
Nintendo. Does this surprise anybody? Nope. I'm surprised somebody thought they could get away
with it. Honestly. But, you know, remember we had the guy on a couple months ago who was doing the
Zelda documentary? But that was different because he was doing a documentary. There's a difference
between doing a documentary and doing a fan film. Remember, they tried to do the same thing with
Final Fantasy and that bombed. Okay. We do have another call on the line. Let's go to it. Hi,
you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this? Hey, guys. It's Degenera Johnny.
Hey, Degenera Johnny. How you doing, buddy? You know, I'm bad. Can't complain.
Good to hear from you. I want to apologize. I kind of missed most of last week's show. I was
over at Gen Con last week. That's okay. I understood you sent in an email to the
show and we somehow missed it. We didn't purposely omit it.
But I worry that we get a lot of spam at our email address and it might have been
accidentally thrown in. Oh, yeah. I understand that.
I just wanted to call people's attention to the VOG Network forums. You posted
your poem that you'd written there and it was brilliant. So, I just want to make sure people
see it. Okay. All right. I appreciate it.
No worries. So, what's up?
Okay. All right. So, I was going to let you guys know. I just came across,
during my time at Gen Con, I came across a certain game. I don't think you guys have covered it,
but I might as well just let you guys know. I played around with it
and I know we're talking about Hearthstone and all that, but this game, wow. It's a card game,
but it's an MMO card game. Really?
I don't know if you guys have heard of it. It's called Hex Shards of Fate.
The title sounds familiar, but I don't know much about it. I feel like it's one of those games.
We probably had a rapid fire news story on at one point and I didn't really look into it. So,
but you have my attention. Tell us more about it.
All right. Yeah. I know. It's like MMO card game. What the hell?
Sounds wrong.
It's being developed by Cryptozoic Games. They are the ones that, for those who listen to
Hoard House, Cryptozoic has a license for the World of Warcraft card game.
What actually, I don't know if you heard about this degenerate, Johnny,
Blizzard announced this week, I'll throw this in here as a last minute story, that the latest
expansion of the WoW trading card game is the last and that they are no longer going to be making it.
They are ending that relationship and there's no plans in the future to continue the WoW trading
card game. I don't know if that's because of Hearthstone or what, but thought I would throw
that little nugget out there just because I read that the other day. Anyway, sorry.
I heard about that actually at Gen Con. I was talking with one of the Cryptozoic guys and
they did mention that it was going to be the last expansion. The relationship has matured
with Blizzard to a degree that now they're going to develop their own type of games.
I think this Hex Shards of Fate game is actually evidence of that. I'm just wild about it.
Basically, Hex Shards of Fate, it actually had a Kickstarter earlier this summer, actually.
They just wanted a Kickstarter just to finish off the game, but they managed to get like
seven times the amount that they were asking for it, so now it's going to be able to be available
for Apple tablets and Android tablets, so lots of stuff is going on with this game.
It's actually pretty exciting. It's due to be released in some time this holiday season.
Yet another game to add to my list for the holiday season. Here's my question. What's the business
model for this game? Is it something that's free to play? Do you buy the cards? Is it
buy to play? It's free to play. Oh, nice. That's always good. It's free to play. It's actually
following probably the same type of business model as Blizzard is doing with Hearthstone, basically
two bucks a pack. However, they're also adding a freemium service, so if you want to have a
discount on your packs and gain access to tournaments free of charge, they're offering a
VIP access, which is basically four dollars a month type of thing, kind of like a subscription,
but you get a pack every week. Oh, okay. A free pack every week. It's a card of the month club.
The card of the week club. Just say cancel at any time and stuff's in either cards.
That's kind of funny. Right, exactly. All right. Yeah, so it's going to have an auction house for
you to trade your cards. Yeah, there's so much information, and I just want to let you know that
they are going to be at DragonCon, so anybody who's going to go there or you or Bobby,
you know, if anybody wants to see around, they will be at DragonCon so you can see it for yourself.
Degenera, Johnny, I thought of you recently because I know you're a big card game fan,
and a friend of mine introduced me to a card game, and I did the whole thing where I actually
went to the comic book shop and played this game with my friends. He was actually doing a lot of
demos with this game at GamerX, so I want to give a shout out to this game because it was a lot of
fun. Totally not the game you called in to talk about tonight, but I hijacked your call, I'm sorry,
but the game is called Sentinels of the Multiverse. Have you played this?
I've seen it being played not in my local card store, but I was seen it being played
at GenCon though. Yeah, that's a fun game. It's a co-op card game. You don't play against each
other. It's either you all win or nobody wins. I thought that was a really neat kind of catch
to the game, so. Sounds very familiar. It sounds kind of similar to Lord of the Rings because Lord
of the Rings is a game where you basically go up against a deck that is not you, but it is not
another player. It's just you taking on scenarios, and you can do it in co-op, so it can be
your own fellowship. So that's very interesting, and I've seen that. It's pretty interesting that
card games are now making the rise of basically you don't have to find someone to play with. You
can play it with yourself, or instead of going up against each other, you can just co-op into it. So
it's just a new inventive way of card gaming, which I'm actually very excited for. So what's
the name of the game again? Sentinels of the Multiverse, and we actually might get the guy
on one of the shows later on, or one of the developers of the game, because I don't think
it would be a good fit for OLR, but I'm going to see if some of the other VoG shows are interested
in it. So if not, we'll do something. We'll do a Google Hangout or something, so. But yeah.
Anyway, Degenerate Johnny, I should probably let you go so we can wrap up the show, but thanks for
your call. Always a pleasure to hear from you. Yeah, my pleasure. Take care. You guys take care.
All right. Bye-bye. There goes Degenerate Johnny adding yet another game to my queue to play this
holiday season. I actually should be cussing him out and not thanking him. All right. Anyhow,
a couple other tweets here from some listeners. If you do want to give us a call, we can try to
squeeze in one more call. 1877 Game OLR or username on Skype, Orange Launch Radio.
Tigerclaw sends us a tweet. Blizzard on World of Warcraft. We'd be lost without casuals. Oh,
before I get to that, I should, Tigerclaw sent in that tweet on Metroid fan film.
He wanted to clarify and make sure we report on the fact that the fan film was only going to be
10 minutes and non-for-profit, but they were asking for $90,000 to fund it. 10 minutes? Come on.
Maybe they were going to actually film in space. I don't know. No, I didn't read up on it. I'm not
going to. It's a little. All right. Look, we got another call coming in, so let's go to it. Hi,
you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this? Hi, this is Ragenator. Hey, Ragenator. How you doing?
Okay, I guess. It's a webcam call. Good to see you. Nice to see you too. Just a quick story,
last story. I don't think it's been mentioned either last week or the week before. Although
you did mention some news that was kind of sort of related. I think it was last week and the
week before you mentioned that Microsoft is getting rid of the Microsoft coins and they also,
in turn, they're getting rid of the gains for Windows Marketplace. One thing that was not
mentioned is that they're getting rid of the Zoom Marketplace. In fact, I found this out through
email that Microsoft sent out to me not too long ago. The way it's been explained to me,
the reason why they're getting rid of the Zoom Marketplace is because apparently the Zoom
Marketplace is set up in such a way that it will only recognize Microsoft coins as a method of
payment. It won't recognize dollars and cents or pesos or euros or whatever your local currency
happens to be. Right. Now, the catch point too is if you have an Xbox 360, you'll still be able to
use the equivalent to... But with the old tech, you're screwed, basically.
Yeah. I think this is why Raginator, knowing a company's exit strategy for the inevitable
day that they close their doors and the day and age of digital distribution is so important.
And I think that's one reason everybody kind of goes to Steam a little bit because Steam has
made it very clear, should we ever close our doors, we have the magic button that we can
press that will make all the games DRM-free and you won't have to connect to the servers anymore.
But when we talk about movies and music and so forth, that really sucks if you were one of those
people who actually invested in a Zoom and it's like, okay, you'll have those movies, but you
can't really use the Zoom now for anything else. Or like my HD DVD player.
Yeah. The weird thing is, at least with me, ever since Sony burned me a handful of times,
when I still have my PlayStation 3, I had to send my system in to get repaired. They have
my videos reactivated. I slowly but surely made my way over to the Zoom service and been getting
TV shows and movies and this and that. The vast majority of stuff were the previews,
but I do have my fair share of the paid content. In fact, case in point, I've just been going to
a neck case and video game music soundtrack kick. Whenever I begin to spare money here and there,
I've been finding stuff up left and right. I've been using the service for my PC because I don't
have iTunes. I already happen to have an Xbox account set up for when I still have the 360,
so no need for extra passwords to remember, so on and so forth.
Well, Ragenator, this is kind of a crap situation, but unfortunately, this is the downside to tech,
and especially when our tech advances so fast. I think tough lesson learned,
always take a look at that user license agreement even though you're not going to sit there and read
all 27 pages or 99 pages or however long it is. Look for that part that talks about who really
owns the stuff that you're buying and what's going to happen. Anyway, Ragenator, we're going
to wrap up so we can wrap up the show, but any quick other thoughts you want to get out before
we let you go? No, there'll be. I just want to really mention the closing of that particular
service since it really wasn't mentioned before. All right. All right. Well, take care, buddy.
Thanks for the call. All right. Have a good one. All right. You too. Bye-bye. All right. I think
that's going to do it for the Skype line tonight. I'm going to close it on up. Sorry to those that
didn't get through, although it wasn't exactly ringing off the hook tonight, but if you have
any other thoughts you want to get through, mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com. Sorry, did I
already check? Do we have anything else? No, that's it. No more last minute stories. All right. Let
me see. I think I had one other tweet here that I wanted to do. Oh, thegarthwolf sent us a tweet
that says, I totally got into the 14 coral server tonight. Got to play the intro quest and now
maintenance just started. Just my luck. Well, we were talking a little bit about the Final Fantasy
14, kind of the bumpy launch there they've been having. Let's just hope in a week it's all a
distant memory. Oh, I want to make sure I got this one in. Grandpa from Hoard House sent this
tweet. I almost forgot it because he sent it earlier in the day. Oh, it's a video. Okay,
long story short, it's another one of those fricking sensationalistic CNN things where an
eight-year-old shot his 90-year-old caretaker and it was because of a violent video game. And I
think, don't quote me on this, but I think this is the one that Piers Morgan on his Twitter
wrote out there and said, don't tell me after hearing things like this, that violent video
games don't cause violent behavior and dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, blah, blah, blah.
So here we go again with the media, you know, well, and this is a nightmare that an eight-year-old
boy would shoot his 90-year-old caretaker, but who was letting an eight-year-old game play violent
video games unsupervised. I'm not blaming the 90-year-old, I'm blaming the parents. Where did
he get the violent video game? Why was he playing the violent video game? Why aren't you asking
these questions, Piers Morgan? Where's the fucking responsibility? Blah, blah, blah. Okay,
Black Wolf is actually clarifying that Piers tweet was about a different interview with a guy who
shot both his parents at 19. Fine. I stand corrected, but my point doesn't change.
All right. That's it. I think we're done. It's been a crazy show tonight, but we're on out of
here for the next two weeks. Thank you guys as always for listening to our show. Thanks for your
download. Thanks for your support. We always appreciate you supporting independent radio.
Hopefully you liked what you heard here at Orange Lounge Radio, but if you didn't,
just be sure to support other independent broadcasters. There's many people out there
working very hard to put these types of shows together, and we all appreciate your support
so much. I'm not going to ask you for your money or a financial donation, but I will ask if you
like what you heard, spread the word. Tell a friend or two about the show. Post a nice
five-star review on iTunes or give us a thumbs up in Stitcher or whatever. Help us spread the
word about the show because that is all the marketing that we can afford is word of mouth.
Loki, any last minute thoughts tonight? I'm going to just try to finish up Saints Row 4
this week, maybe even tonight because I'm almost 100%. So I can probably do it.
You can do it. My final thought is I hope I get to play at least another hour of Final Fantasy
XIV tonight, but we'll see if that stupid maintenance finishes right at the time I
get home from picking up Alan. That would be fantastic. Fantastic timing. All right.
Well, that does it for another week here at Orange Launch Radio. We will be back in two weeks. Have
a great Labor Day. Those of you guys here in the States, for those of you in other countries,
have a great week. Enjoy your time and have fun playing the various online games that are
launching over the next two weeks. We will be back for another show live Monday, excuse me,
Sunday, September 8th. So we'll see you then with another episode of Orange Launch Radio.
Have a great night. You've been listening to Orange
Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios. To join us for a live show,
tune into vaughnetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific, 9 PM Eastern. The views and opinions
expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio
or Vaugh Network, but you know they were all still true. See you next week.
