Tonight, August 11th, 2013, could Valve finally be making a sequel with a 3 in it?
One department store ad teases a Vita price drop, and is Amazon working on a new gaming console?
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 515 for this August 11th, 2013.
My name is Rob Roberts and I'm here to talk about video games, gaming culture, the gamer lifestyle, gaming lulz, gaming insert whatever here with my co-host.
Say hello first off to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Rar.
Hey, how you doing?
I'm unemployed again.
I'm sorry to hear it.
That's no fun.
I feel better about it once the situation became clearer to me.
I see.
So it was one of those, maybe we are better off seeing other people.
Let's just put it this way.
I don't want to work for a hypocritical conservative Christian company that ruins other people's businesses.
Well, it is important to work for an employer that you can kind of get behind their values and all that stuff.
They had a really good environment there, but once I found out a bit more about them, I really started to feel very uncomfortable.
I was like, what's that sticker on your car?
What's that equal mean?
Oh, it's for the human rights campaign.
I support gay rights.
Oh!
Next day, fired.
That's pretty much how it went.
I'm not laughing at you.
I'm just laughing at the awkwardness of that.
It's quite awkward.
That and also actually requesting the major Jewish holidays off that morning.
And they said, oh, we made the decision this morning.
You're just not a good fit.
Oh, dear.
So I'm not actually openly accusing them of anything.
I'm just saying that those are the circumstances.
Well, you can just work for vognetwork.com full time.
You know what?
If it paid me, I would be more than happy to.
Except, oh yeah, there's that.
Sorry about that.
We don't have a budget.
Oopsies.
All right, say hello as well to Tech Master Loki.
You there, Loki?
Yeah.
And what are you doing over there, Loki?
I was pulling up my stories.
Oh, okay.
Oh, I see.
Trying to get prepared.
Now that it's a little late.
That's all right.
How you doing?
What's new?
Not much.
Just, I was watching some, uh, what was it, uh, um.
Mugen Fighting Thing Yeah, I think it's coming up later in the show, right?
Yeah Alright It was pretty funny A little obsession of yours for the past week or so?
Just the last couple days Way to kill some time So any big personal news you might want to share with our listeners tonight?
uh yeah i guess um so we're having another child uh congrats in january that's amazing how many weeks along does that make nelly 16 wow 17
I guessed it on a show this morning and one of the hosts announced that his wife's expecting.
So that's babies everywhere.
Yeah.
For the record, I'm not pregnant.
Not yet.
Careful what you wish for.
I'm going to time against my biological clock.
I'm going to sabotage that motherfucker.
I'm selling my ovaries.
How much could you get for those?
Actually about 10 grand each.
VoG Network.com
Again, that's vognetwork.com.
6 o'clock Pacific, 9 Eastern on Sundays.
Lots of great podcasts for you to participate with and geeky content, including articles, audiobook reviews, and movie reviews, and movie rankings, and lots of other fun stuff coming soon.
And in a few weeks, VOG is going to have a big presence at DragonCon, and I'm very excited about that.
My first time in Atlanta, so I hope to see some of you guys there.
Also joining us on the show tonight, we have a guest here, a frequent guest of the show.
It probably helps that, you know, the show's at his house too.
Everybody say hello to Alan Alkemy.
Hello.
How you doing, Alan?
I'm great.
You're great.
I just want to make sure we can hear you tonight.
So how have you been lately?
I've been all right.
Yeah?
Decided to finally guest on the show again after like a year.
Yeah, gracing us with your presence.
It's appreciated.
All right.
What's new with you personally?
Not much.
Usually when I'm either working, I work swing shift, so I'll listen to OLR from work, or when I'm not working and you guys are all here doing the show, I'll kind of just play video games in the office or fold laundry or just be domestic.
So I decided I'd sit in on the show tonight.
I know we're going to talk about your gaming week a little bit later, but in general, what kind of games have you been catching up on lately?
most of the stuff if it has a Steam trading card thing in it then I've checked it out either a little bit or you know that trick if you don't want to play the game you can just let it run and then go take a shower go watch TV and come back when have your cards drop so you got sucked into this whole Steam trading card thing too like I did what what what's the allure of it it's just it appeals to my sort of OCD completionist
Yeah.
And the thing is, is you can earn each badge like five times.
So once you earn, once you go like, yeah, I got all the cards, carry badges, okay, now do it again.
Steam's like, do it again.
Put some money in your wallet, buy the cards.
I am eligible for the booster packs for like, I think, 13 or 14 games, and I still have about maybe 15, 16 more that I still need to play to get the things to drop.
Not a single booster pack yet.
I'm so glad.
Yeah, I have not gotten anything either, but then again, I haven't really been playing much.
I got my second one yesterday.
Yeah, I'm pressed like a panini.
I hate you.
I have a foil card for Saints Row the Third.
Oh, nice.
You can sell those for a little more money.
I forgot who I was talking to, but someone needed all three of the only cards that I had, so I'm just like, here, take them.
Wait, how did you get a foil card if you haven't got any booster packs?
It was one of my randoms that I got.
Really?
Oh, I didn't know that could happen.
Those will drop, yeah.
Oh.
Okay, well, that's never happened to me, so that's something you have up on me.
There you go.
See, the problem is I don't know where to buy and sell those cards.
It's the community marketplace.
Yeah, I have no idea how to get to that.
Oh, it's easy.
Believe me, they make it easy.
Yeah, we can show you.
It's really a brilliant thing if you make about it, and it totally plays to people like Alan, and myself, admittedly, who have that OCD need to collect something.
Why?
Because you can.
Because...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Yes, he wanted to review it for Horde House.
And to be fair, that was Actdeft kind of poking at him, which he's been kind of poking all of us for a while going, hey, play Team Fortress 2.
Hey, play Team Fortress 2.
And then Phil from Koopa Club, I think, got in on that a little bit.
Hey, play Team Fortress 2.
Play it.
Do it.
Do it.
And finally, X4 was like, fine.
Is it free?
Yes, I'll try it.
and so we all played one night on I guess Actdeft has this server abandoned server he knew of so a bunch of us played on there and loved it we had so much fun like it was just so much fun just sitting there blowing people up and it was great because you don't have to worry that you're not good enough or that people are gonna yell it was just a lot of like-minded people having a good time just shooting the shit out of each other and I was like oh I gotta get us a server we need our own server we need a VOG server for this we have a Minecraft server sometimes why can't we have a Team Fortress 2 server
as a trial run.
Yeah.
Test it out.
So I remembered I had like $100 sitting in a PayPal account somewhere I hadn't used.
So I was like, all right.
Oh, just a random hundred sitting aside.
All my money.
When he pointed it out, I was like, that must be nice.
Well, you know what, though?
It's the modern day equivalent of burying it in your backyard.
And I was like, you know, you haven't been earning interest on that in a year and a half.
It's been stuck in there.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
on our website, vognetwork.com.
Look at the forums and you can check out the information.
It's in the video games forum.
All the info you need about the server is there.
You might need a little help with the password, but let me just remind you guys, we used to have a little mascot, a little ferret on the show.
It's on my bedside table sitting on Duffy's head.
Yes, Dark Sakura abducted it.
It doesn't work anymore.
And no, Actdeft, I do not have the hero's cap.
I need it.
Just in case you need that information when you look at the post.
And it is password protected, but if you ever check it out, like in your Steam client, you see a bunch of jerks on there with screen names that you don't recognize, make sure to let Rob know and he can spin the password to something else.
Absolutely, because we want it to be the welcoming environment for people that are like, I want to play Team Fortress 2, but I don't know anybody, and I'm not very good at shooters, and da-da-da.
No one's really good at Team Fortress 2.
Yeah.
It's too fast.
It makes me feel old because I was the soldier class with the shotgun and I was in the same room with someone strafing.
I couldn't hit someone with a shotgun and they killed me.
I was like, I have a shotgun in your face.
I can't hit you.
I feel a little silly that I'm just now getting into this game that's like, what, five years old, right?
It came out with Orange Box, right?
I think I played it like a little bit on Orange Box on 360, but it's not even the same like now on PC, you know?
It just feels so different.
So...
I should probably play that, but I've had other things on my plate
uh definitely some more games throughout the week Alan and I would love to play tonight but we have errands to run after the show but that doesn't that might not stop other people from playing after the show so um Actdeft in our chat room says Team Fortress 2 is around seven years old oh my gosh really holy moly all right
Speaking of other games and things, DarkSakura, I guess it's bugging out right now, but you were trying to open your Animal Crossing town.
I had three people in there and the connection crashed.
I'm going to open it one more time, but if it does it again, I'm going to have to leave it closed for the rest of the show.
Because our primary concern is keeping our bandwidth open.
That is, so we don't want to.
But it would be fun if you want to go visit Jamie.
You got the VOG pattern, right?
I did, but it won't let me put it on, so I think I just have to recreate it.
Well, Bobby's pattern is probably better anyway.
But no, I actually can't use something that I got from somebody else.
I'll have to make it myself.
Don't.
It's fine.
All right, so there's that Animal Crossing going on.
And then Minecraft coming back at some point, right, Loki?
Yeah, I want to get around to it.
All right.
So we want to know, what other games should VOG have a server for?
We'll look into it.
If you have a serious request, something that we ought to check out, let us know.
Free-to-play is really good, too.
That's what makes Team Fortress 2 so great, because it's free-to-play.
And people even make a little money off it, right?
Getting the item drops and crafting and all that.
I mean, not anything to write home about, but, you know, something to buy trading cards with, right?
GamerX was a Kickstarter-backed convention.
to really just be a safe place for GLBT gamers.
But it's really important to know the con was not only for GLBT gamers.
And I think I went on this tangent.
It might have been on Horde House, but it always pissed me off when I heard people going, well, where's our straight gamer convention?
Why can't we have a straight gaming convention?
And I'm like, well, okay.
That's what YowieCon is for girls.
When y'all are getting disowned by your parents and getting lost past in states that affect your lifestyle and people are bullying you and calling you names on Xbox Live, then you can have your little convention.
But otherwise, it's a 365 day a year convention.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
F-A-G, F-A-G, N-word, N-word, you know, it's not... It's like, bro, when you play Halo and you have to turn off everyone else's mics because you get sick and tired of being called a breeder a hundred times a match, then come talk to us.
We'll talk about a straight convention.
I don't think that's happening.
Right.
and I mean it's I mean and it's the bullying is bad enough with gay lesbian and bisexual and and then throw transgender into it and you know my I really it was it was very eye-opening in some of those panels to kind of hear like what transgendered people go through in in games and so forth so you know it was it was really eye-opening and I had a I had a marvelous time at the convention it was honestly something I kind of never thought I would see
so it made me just very happy to be there I did have some small reservations it was a first time con and so there were some first time con issues but I want to just make sure I am crystal clear it was really good for a first year con like beyond really good my minor issues were one the space was too damn small although the Hotel Kabuki in San Francisco is lovely and I love that it was in Japantown so all that stuff was nearby it was just a clusterfuck of people downstairs
The people waiting in line plus the through traffic because, you know, people got to get from point A to point B. They don't give a shit about a panel waiting in line if they're not interested in the panel.
And the hallways for that were only maybe two or three people wide and the ceilings were really low, like only 10 or 11 feet.
So that was it was really just claustrophobic and gloomy.
Yeah, which, you know what, I'm sure when they looked at the space originally and kind of, you know, had their, you know, thought what it was going to be in their head, I mean, what a terrible problem to have that your con is too popular, you know?
So, next year, you know, they have said it's coming back next year, and I'm pretty sure they said they are looking into a bigger space.
Although, I don't know if that necessarily meant they were looking at a different space.
I kind of got the feeling that they might just spread it out more.
I don't know, I'm kind of...
The Hotel Kabuki has hosted different cons before.
And what they count on, I think, is that a lot of that traffic is going to start going into the Kintetsu Mall to go shopping at Kinokuniya or go get crepes or whatever.
Yeah, and maybe they'll spread it out across different hotels or something.
And Japan Video really likes it because they do a lot of business during that.
Oh, yeah.
Well, the environment was great.
The Japanese street fair was going on, right?
Yeah, the overflow for the con was always in that mall.
So, yeah, it was already kind of a part of the circuit.
They had a chiptunes DJ.
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
That sounds cool.
Yeah, they were really good.
But the host of the evening was Pandora Box.
And she was a contestant on RuPaul's Drag Race Season 2.
Full disclosure, I loved her, rooted for her all through that season.
Ditto.
And I've even, on the fun little side project RuPaul's Drag Race podcast I did with the Game Boy guys, I even defended her many times.
And I do love her and follow her on Facebook.
But maybe, Alan, you can describe this better than I can, what the issue was with Pandora Box.
Well, you know, it's supposed to be an inclusive convention.
A lot of people had aired concerns online that it was just going to be a bunch of white gay dudes, because that's what San Francisco is really, and we were going to shut out the BLT portion of
You know, the convention.
So she gets up there and within like a minute she's talking about, lesbians play video games?
Ew, I don't like vagina.
And everyone's laughing.
Once I was born and fell out of one, I was done.
And it's like, okay, gay men don't like pussy.
That's your joke.
Which is like really insulting.
I hate when I hear my peers say it.
It's like really...
It's like a big roast
Haha, nerds in basement, that's the first time I've ever heard that joke.
Yeah, exactly.
That's totally original.
I was just kind of like, dude, you are like the first thing at the first con of this first great thing, and that's what you're going to do with it?
And everyone in that room had donated on the, sorry, it was 100 bucks, right?
Yeah, something like that, 90, 100, something like that.
So I was just a little bit like... And then she started talking about Grindr, about how nerds are introverts, so you're all on Grindr right now, and it's like...
They'd probably be on Grindr anyway.
You're on Grindr, bitch!
So, I don't know.
I just was kind of... I was over her.
It wasn't the best.
I mean, I still am a fan of her.
I didn't go home and unfollow her on Facebook or something.
I was so mad.
But I was just like, that was a little lazy planning.
Her cosplay was good that I'm sure her team put together for her.
She didn't know what the fuck she was wearing.
Shade.
enough negative because honestly lots of positive I was just in my basement in Animal Crossing we did a panel there, Podcast Cross Zone and had a lot of fun and I just want to give a shout out in big hearts to the guys from Koopa Club from Game Bar from GameBooey.org which I'm sure everybody was reciting that URL at the end of the day after that panel to Fox Van Allen from Wow Insider and the tech
Techlicious, is that the one he writes for?
I look really stupid right now.
I forget which one he writes for, but he was a great moderator.
And the other folks that came to the panel, I was really worried no one was going to show up, y'all.
And we had a relatively full room, a few empty seats, but not a lot.
and had a great time and I was telling jokes people were laughing we were having fun with it and yes that panel should be up soon Koopa Club's gonna put it on their feed so I'll let y'all know when it's up and because it was the last panel scheduled for that room we got there you guys rather got to run long so that was good
Yeah, that was good.
And we had a great time.
That was really the highlight for me, was just getting to do what I love to do, and that's the live panels and all that.
You know, I want to go next year.
Oh, yeah.
Because I was actually trying to think of... Next year is my 20-year high school reunion.
Oh, my gosh.
Shoot me in the face already.
But I want to do one con next year, assuming I don't move to Washington.
So I was actually thinking of making that my con next year, although I have another friend that's definitely trying to get me back to Fonami for Homestuck Cosplay.
Oh, jeez.
You know what?
I wasn't going to do it at all until she's like, we need to do this, and it's better when you have two people.
I was like, fine, I'll make a costume.
I was actually going to suggest GamerX look into the San Jose Convention Center.
I mean, yes, I know that's not the heart of San Francisco, but San Jose is still the Bay Area.
It's easy to get to.
They need to check the one that YowieCon is at, which is right outside Burlingame, where I...
Right by the airport, right?
Yeah, and it was a really good venue for the convention.
Yaoi-Kan is still relatively small, and it was perfectly accommodating to everything, especially having electronic glass toys in the dealer's room.
And then they had Junkie Spot there, so I think that they need to... Did they have a dealer's room?
Yes, it was small.
Like everything for a first year con, it was very small and some tables.
I'd like to talk to the organizer, actually.
He's a pretty approachable guy.
So if you can give me that information.
Yeah.
Wink, wink, nudge, nudge.
I'm sure we can set that up.
Cool.
Yeah, I'll definitely be going next year.
I had a good time.
Yeah, we didn't do Sunday because we ended up taking a bunch of people up to our friend's place above the Castro and drinking until 3 a.m.
And we got trashed.
That was the finest night of the con.
That was the best thing we did.
I mean, it was just great to have everybody in one place like that.
It's like, who drank all this tequila?
You did.
It's 3 a.m.
Oh, shit.
So, yeah.
Junko from Koopa Club and I were doing shots of Fireball.
And you guys know how I am after one drink.
I think I had four shots of Fireball that night.
But being in an enclosed space with all those people plus the alcohol lowering your immune system.
Con crud!
Yeah, and exhaustion.
Don't forget that.
That's a big one after Clue two weeks ago.
The con crud hit Rob hard.
I have been sick since... Somehow, I didn't really come down with it until Tuesday.
DragonCon
You remember my advice.
And do not drink soda at a con.
Drink nothing but tea.
SSJ100 Matt in our chatroom says, on a scale of one to grandpa, how drunk was everyone?
Every single person was drinking except for Extifer, I believe.
Well, from what you're describing, on a scale of one to grandpa, you were on girl.
Well, Slag Kick was driving, so he didn't drink anything.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
He didn't drink either.
Good kid.
And Brad from PogCulture in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com is saying, Yay, Fireball!
And more Fireball is coming to DragonCon.
Uh-oh!
Here we go.
Now, there is something I'm making, Rob, that you should try if you like the Fireball.
What's that?
I'm making ginger rum.
Oh, my gosh.
With actual ginger and actual cinnamon.
For reals.
I wish you could come to DragonCon.
We're going to have a good time.
Well, you know what?
If someone's got money.
I actually do have places to stay.
If you are going to be in Atlanta, join us at DragonCon.
I don't know if we have the final details on the panel yet, but I'm sure Bobby will be spreading that all over the internet as soon as we know.
I think it's tentatively Sunday night, around the time that OLR would usually be, which does mean we are not going to have a show again Labor Day weekend.
I apologize because that's two shows in about a month's span that we're going to be missing, but you know what?
To do the live stuff, gotta do it.
So, it's Labor Day weekend.
I think a lot of you guys will be doing various things, conventions of your own and so forth.
Any last words on GamerX, Alan, before we get into our gaming weeks?
No, I think that was it.
Okay, Loki, did you have something to say?
Labor Day weekend?
Saints Row 4.
All day and all night.
All right, let's talk about our gaming weeks and the types of video games that you've been playing this week.
I actually think we'll let Alan start tonight, our guest.
Alan, how's your gaming week?
So we're going to spend an hour on this segment because I've been playing everything.
Speed it up.
Yeah.
Really quickly, back in March and April, I was trying to play Dead Space 1 because of the hype around Dead Space 3.
It was too scary.
I chickened out.
I haven't touched it since then.
Necromorphs are terrifying, and it's claustrophobic, and it was very scary.
I also played and beat GTA 4, the main game with Nico, twice.
I beat it, and then I ran through and beat it again.
I haven't done the expansions yet.
More recently, because of the Steam trading card stuff, I've played McPixel, which I burned out.
McPixel's awesome.
Just have to add that in there.
I burnt out on it kind of fast because I was trying to get 100% on everything where you have to find all the jokes, like all of the things that you can click wrong.
Because basically there's a bomb.
It's just one screen, one room.
There's a bomb somewhere.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Burnout on it.
I played Revenge of the Titans, which is a tower defense game, which I played for the Steam trading cards.
I don't like tower defense, so once I saw that's what it was, I was like, okay, yeah, I'm not playing this past the hour and a half it's going to take me to get my little Steam goodies.
The longest time I've ever played a tower defense game is Plants vs. Zombies, which is a great game, but I don't care.
It's kind of like Bobby with First Person Shooters.
I understand the strategy behind them, I just don't care and then the game that I really want to talk about is Hotline Miami which is phenomenal and I'm really kind of irritated that I haven't played it since I mean it came out in October and I'm just now discovering it I got it, I haven't played it yet
It's sitting in my library and I don't have it installed.
Oh, I do have it installed.
Sweet.
I haven't played it.
The music is phenomenal.
The creators of the game were inspired by that movie Drive with Ryan Gosling.
Oh, awesome.
Which is kind of like a noir, neon, kind of new 80s feel to it.
And I think they even thank the director of that movie in the credits.
Yeah, it's ultra-violent, and one thing that's great about it, aside from the flawless soundtrack, Drive was, I think, scored by Kravinsky, who's this French electro-producer.
They have a bunch of similar artists doing the soundtrack.
It's a completely Polish name.
Okay.
So yeah, the soundtrack for... Look it up on YouTube.
It's phenomenal.
I think we're going to play two of the songs from Hotline Miami during the break.
Yes, but that would only be for the live listeners.
Sorry, podcasters.
It's copyright.
Also to say, though, if people do want to see the game in action, Classic Game Room reviewed it not too long ago, and he does a really good review of it.
It shows plenty of the gameplay.
If I have time tonight, maybe I should do some livestream because I haven't played it yet at all.
It's a fast game.
It's also very hard.
It took me a while to figure out the learning curve on what the hell you're supposed to do.
What's in chat?
I'm laughing because Fifth Dream in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says, Oh, look, I have Hotline Miami in Steam.
Who knew?
You know, a lot of you might be saying that.
I've done that.
If you bought Humble Bundle 8, you got it.
Yeah.
And one great thing about it, it is ultra violent, which, you know, whatever.
But even just the title screen and the music that plays, there is something disturbing and really eerie about that game that they nailed.
Yeah.
There's a part halfway through the game where the player character starts to hallucinate and you start seeing dead people at the 7-Eleven or in his apartment that aren't really there.
The song that plays in your apartment at the start of each mission, I'm like, I'm uncomfortable playing this and it's not because of the violence, which does get a little out of control at times, but the creators for such a... It looks like a Super NES game, basically, really captured...
it's a very unsettling game and it's really amazing in that sense and I think that's I played some Team Fortress 2 with the gang on the VOG server and no Mass Effect 2 or 3 I kind of burn out on that not for good but I have my third and fourth Shepard and I'm like I'll finish their careers later Torchlight 2 I've been playing a lot of that Enjoying Torchlight 2?
I've hit a plateau where I'm on an overworld map that I keep dying on like I just get steamrolled and up until that point because I'm playing it on veteran which is kind of like the hard mode not elite or super insane but just veteran I was doing fine I kept quaffing my health potions I was keeping up but this one map trying to get to the other side of it where the quest marker is I just get destroyed so I need to there's no way to grind really because monsters don't respawn I'm going to have to do some co-op sometime it'll be fun
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Okay, well I told everyone they can have my pairs, it just saved me some perfect pairs.
But yeah, playing Animal Crossing, you know, I am actually back to Mass Effect 3 because I am taking my modding practice another step further.
Thanks for watching!
Even though I think the cute texture would actually work just fine But I'm thinking out loud So yeah, I'm still playing with it But I finally figured out how to do mesh replacements So that's one thing I am actually going to probably start live streaming again My playthrough of Mass Effect 3 Just so I can finish the missions I was on Because I'm like halfway through the game right now And a couple people asked me, so I might do it
Um, I also am playing Borderlands 2 with Dan.
Because Dan's like, you're gonna like it, it's gonna be fun, you won't get that sick.
And to be honest, I did not get that sick.
I had a headache by the time I was done, but I wasn't like frighteningly nauseous like I usually am with FPSs.
Which, yeah, for any new listener, just because we get new listeners every few weeks or so, you get sick from playing first-person shooters because of the motion stuff, right?
I honestly think that the sickness I was getting was with low-res polygon.
Because the game that's always done it to me worst was GoldenEye on the Nintendo 64 and the early 3D first-person shooters.
I've noticed that I'll get a little sick with Portal 2 for a while, and then I was fine.
And I'm having the same adjustment curve with Borderlands 2, so I think I might be getting over some of that.
That's good.
I still can't use my 3DS, and I think they... No, someone just left.
I still can't play the 3D mode on my 3DS unless I'm trying to catch a bug or something so I can gauge the distance.
But...
I'm also playing... What was it?
Back to playing some Drunken Robot Pornography, which is awesome.
That's the Jumping Flash-esque game, right?
The Jumping Flash with guns and dying really quickly that's a really freaking hard game.
Yeah, that game's awesome.
And...
Oh, no wonder that was Actdeft that left to go get cherries to sell at my retail.
Stay focused, girl.
Yeah, I know.
And also thank you for loaning me Kid Icarus because I really wanted to try it.
Yeah, no worries.
Just watch the hand cramping.
It's a little crazy.
Try to put it on a flat surface to play if you can.
Well, going actually back to that, I'm actually thinking about starting Bayonetta again.
Oh, that's a fun game.
Yeah, I loved it, and I didn't get too far in it, but since I've started drawing again, I haven't had the problem as quickly with my hand cramping.
I mean, it still does it, especially if I... It actually does it more if I'm writing than if I'm drawing.
So, but I've actually sat down with the controller.
I started Final Fantasy 7, which is almost impossible to play with the damn keyboard.
So I'm probably going to be... I use a 360 controller.
Yeah, we've got that.
And Dan's been playing a lot of really weird Nintendo knockoffs on the Sega Genesis emulator.
It's been hilarious.
And he actually just went through the Ballad of Gay Tony again, which is...
Really, really good for GTA.
I actually really like the story.
So between the two of us, we've actually had a pretty bustling gaming week.
Despite being, you know, working full time and then finding out hoops they don't like when you're open minded.
Anything else for your gaming week?
Um...
I know there's another game, but I can't think of it off the top of my head.
Alright, we'll jump in later.
We'll come back to you.
Loki, how about you?
See, I played a bit of Team Fortress 2 this week, and, um, what else?
Oh, Saints Row the Third, I went through, I was just trying to finish up some more achievements on the Steam version, and, uh, I went ahead and I finished off, uh, all the vehicle, uh, what was it, the, uh, cart, car theft stuff, the Saints Book vehicle stuff where you have to go collect all the vehicles and hijack them and stuff.
So I did all that.
And now I have to finish up some of the other stuff in the Saints book stuff.
One of which is the achievement of playing with both sexes.
So I have now a female character that I created just to get that achievement.
Because I've been playing mostly my male character.
So I need to get two hours out of the way on that to get the achievement.
And then...
Mostly just trying to get some of the other stuff that I've missed there.
What else did I play?
I tried playing some F-Zero GX and Dolphin just to see how well that worked.
I figured because Dolphin's been out for a long time that I should be able to run that game.
And Dolphin's an emulator.
Yeah, it's an emulator for Wii and GameCube games.
And it ran like shit.
So, oh well.
Well, remember, it takes a lot more CPU power to emulate, you know...
That actually reminded me.
I've been trying to get Planet Harriers working.
Haven't been able to yet.
And then what else did I do this week?
A little bit of Call of Duty, Modern Warfare 3 still.
Just because that's all we're playing right now.
And I pre-purchased my Saints Row 4 on Steam.
When's that out?
That's out, what, two weeks?
It's out a week from Tuesday.
Oh, wow.
So the 20th.
Have you done the character creator?
Not yet.
I haven't really, because originally on PC I was going to import my character, but because my game is modded, it won't let me upload my character to their server yet.
They're going to somehow fix that soon, that they're going to allow you to upload your modded characters just because...
The problem was they have slider mods.
I don't really have that on mine, but they have slider mods and stuff, and that can really screw up characters if you mod a character and then someone downloads that modded character without having that stuff done.
So they don't have that yet, but they're going to allow that soon.
But I was going to import that character.
So I have one for my Xbox, so I'm just going to import that into 4 because I didn't really need to mess with it yet.
All right, good luck with that project.
I'm really pumped for the release of Final Fantasy XIV Realm Reborn and that open beta starts a week from Friday or last Friday so it's only days away at this point there's a character creator out for XIV by the way which is also a benchmark so if you're curious about XIV at all you can download that and check it out it's free of course and you know see how that works and play with the character creator there and see what your character would look like in game and the graphics engine that's really good for that game
So, yeah, I was messing around with that.
Also, Team Fortress 2.
Visiting some older stuff in Steam just to get the cards.
Like Bastion, I actually played through.
Probably further than I did on 360 when it first came out.
You know, it's a great little game and it looks better on the PC than it did on 360.
I played that for about 20-30 minutes and was like, okay, this is neat and then I
Oh, you're missing.
It's fun.
I like that.
It's a good game.
And then I've also still been playing the MOBAs.
I can't remember if I talked about this on the last show.
I think I did a little bit, but I started getting into League of Legends and Dota 2, kind of both of them.
I don't know.
There's things I like about Dota 2, and there's things I like about League of Legends, so I'm kind of juggling them both right now, which is...
Which when you're trying to learn them is really confusing.
But there's these Dota 2 championships going on right now, which you can actually watch.
But what I like about it is that it's not necessarily just like this Twitch thing or something where you're watching a live stream.
But you can actually watch in the game client while the people are playing.
And I thought that was kind of neat.
And apparently if you pony up some cash, which goes into the pot, you can get in-game items as well with that.
Mark Laidlaw, who's the sci-fi writer who writes Half-Life, has been tweeting about it a lot.
I'll talk about him during a story that's coming up.
Valve is pretty proud of Dota 2, I'm pretty sure.
I've also been playing League of Legends.
Dota 2, I'm still mostly in the single player tutorial stuff, like doing the bot matches and all that.
But League of Legends, I am playing a lot of co-op versus bots.
I'm not playing player versus player yet because I feel like I still suck and I have a lot to learn.
Although the last match I played, last night I think it was, actually boosted my confidence quite a bit.
Which is funny because we lost a match against beginner bots once.
but I was the only person out of the five to get any kills and I actually like had like a streak going that actually kind of boosted my confidence I was like alright I do know what I'm doing compared to these four other people so how bad could it be going into a player versus player match so that'll probably be what I do next so everybody pray for me as I go into that
But that's pretty much my gaming week.
So we will start to move into news, but I do always like to take a minute for housekeeping.
Again, we will have no show over Labor Day weekend, but that's still a few weeks away because I will be in Atlanta at DragonCon, which I hope you will come by and say hi at the VOG panel, which will be Sunday night at DragonCon if you're there.
Um, also you can friend us on Twitter, twitter.com slash OLR and Facebook, facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
Be our friend.
Let's get into the news.
It's also been a bit of a slow news week, but we still got a few things we want to point out that's going on.
So Loki, why don't you start us off?
Amazon is planning on making a console that will support the Amazon Marketplace.
As far as details beyond that, no idea what it's going to be.
But basically, there's still rumors that Google's developing their own console, so I don't know.
We'll see.
They're saying that maybe we'll see it around Black Friday, but
I don't know.
It's funny.
The more and more I hear about other companies coming out with their own consoles and the specs and the features sound better, the less and less I like my Ouya.
Well, and it's also one of those things where it's like, good God, what did Ouya do?
Now I'm worried that everybody wants a piece of that because the Kickstarter was so successful.
It's like we're seeing all of these clones.
And I'm like, surely we see the end of this coming where all this crap saturates the market and then none of them do well.
I don't think it's necessarily that they're going to saturate the market.
It's just going to be... I mean, you can kind of compare that to tablets.
Oh, my God, there's so many tablets out there that saturate the market, and none of them are going to do well.
I think that's what's going to end up happening is when you get all these individual marketplaces, though, because you have Ouya, which is on its own marketplace, and Amazon, which is its own marketplace...
and, you know, the Mad Catz one, though, that is on just a regular, you know, Google Play Marketplace, so that might be okay.
And then, you know, I would assume that the Google one would be on, you know, the Google Play Marketplace.
So it's just when you start segmenting the marketplace like that, that's when you run into problems.
I mean, it's great for indie developers that want to, I guess, get their game out because now they can, you know, put it on all these marketplaces because, I mean, porting your game from, like, Android to the Amazon marketplace is basically just, you know, putting it on another marketplace because they're pretty much the same.
Yeah, it's just, and then also spec-wise, like, you know, some of these newer consoles are going to be a lot better spec-wise than, you know, the Ouya, and even, you know, the Ouya may have done okay as far as Kickstarter goes, but the way they've been handling everything, and oh, GameStick was the other one, that's another marketplace's own thing.
um and then there was the other one that was like streaming games i don't know but so still there's a ton of different options out there and at the end of the day they're all kind of offering similar things there's not a lot of exclusive stuff that you know differentiates one from the next and you know the experience isn't all that great at least for the uya right now because that's the only one that's actually to market so far um
I think this question is a bit of an eh, but other people are asking it, so I'll ask it too.
Does Microsoft, Sony, and Nintendo have anything to be worried about with these consoles?
No.
Why?
Yeah, no.
I don't think that they have anything to be worried about right now, but the way things are going right now is everything kind of trending towards...
DarkSakura.com
It may not be a very powerful platform, but it's an independent platform so far.
I mean, it's still closed, but you've got to have some sort of restrictions in place so there's not rampant piracy.
Because as far as I'm aware, I don't think you can really pirate Ouya games.
Although I haven't rooted my Ouya yet.
Soon.
So I don't really know how it really treats that.
But I think that's kind of been the draw is there's all these indie games.
Thanks for watching!
The platform, they're much bigger than a startup company like Ouya or PlayStick, you know, for example.
So I think it's promising, but I'd have to see what their specs are going to be.
I mean, hell, Amazon making a console wouldn't be that crazy considering they have their own tablet.
So why not?
I could see that happening.
Alright, well, we'll see if there's any truth to this.
I think the one thing, too, I want to throw out there is that it would be interesting with Amazon because they do have all the things that are tied to Amazon Prime, such as their version of Netflix, which, you know, big deal.
All those boxes will play the streaming video things.
DarkSakura.com
but the price even of their tablets is coming down so much that I would think it'd be in their best interest not necessarily to come out with a console but to maybe come out with something that you can play your games on your tablet and then you can stream them to your TV even almost like that Google Chromecast thing and have a controller and stuff so then that way you can take it on the go and you can play with it at home and stuff
How I really wish the Wii U was kind of handled where you could, you know, that'd be awesome to have your games loaded on like a compact, not compact flash, but like, you know, some sort of, you know, flash memory or something like that.
And then that way you can play them on the go instead of having it stream from your console.
Of course, you know, that...
It's not going to work hardware-wise, but it would still be kind of cool if you could do that easily.
And I know that was something that they wanted to do with the Vita even, where you play your Vita version of MLB or you play your PS3 version of MLB and then you flip it over to the Vita and you take it on the road and that kind of stuff.
I think that would be really cool.
But...
I don't know, we'll have to see.
I mean, right now it's just a rumor.
And, I mean, hell, Apple.
I mean, that's been a rumor for the longest time.
Apple's gonna do something with Apple TV or something that turned that into a console, so.
I don't know.
All these different options, though, that are not necessarily the major console manufacturers are good options, I think, for indies.
And even now, even with the way they're opening it up a little bit for indies, especially the Xbox One and the PlayStation 4 and stuff, it's a good time to be indie, I guess.
Left 4 Dead 3
Now this is a little more than, you know, well, since they did 1 and 2, a 3's gotta happen at some point.
But here's what happened.
Apparently a Valve Studio Tour was given to some folks who actually got a snapshot of somebody's computer that actually had references to... Well, it was like a changelog of everything that's been going on.
It had references to Source 2, which we know has been a thing.
Valve's openly said they're working on Source.
Yeah, so that's not really a surprise, but...
and L4D3 was also there.
So it's something that's happening.
Could that be the first game to use Source 2?
Who knows?
And not, unfortunately, Half-Life 3.
I don't know.
But apparently more thoughts come out after it that say, hey, this is actually something that is happening.
So, Alan, I'm sure you've been following this a bit.
What do you think?
Well, the Source engine, which was designed and made for Half-Life 2 originally, which is 2003-2004, anything that Valve has put out that's not Dota is on Source.
Team Fortress 2, Portal, Half-Life 2 Episode 2, it's all the modified original Source engine.
So if Source 2 is done to the point where they can release Left 4 Dead 3 on it, even if it takes another three years, if this is the product, this is the Source 2 engine running, that means Half-Life 3, they have the API that they're going to build the game on top of, so now...
Announce it.
Or should you just give up hope?
Yeah.
Mark Laidlaw, who I kind of tweeted with a couple weeks ago, he posted a vine of him in an elevator and he was kind of hovering his finger over the three button.
Hovering, hovering.
And then the last second he pushes L for lobby like he won't push three.
And I was like, ugh, like a dagger in my heart.
Uh, wasn't there something else, too, where it was like he said something about playing Pikmin 3, and you tweeted him, like, what's it like?
Yeah, he was like, uh, Pikmin 3's really good, and I was like, uh, so, Mark, what's it like to play a sequel with a 3 in it?
What's that like?
And he favorited it, and then said, uh, we're all slaves to Nintendo.
Valve Hearts Nintendo, confirmed.
Yeah.
I love Twitter for things like that.
That's why Twitter rules.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Tiger Call in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says, what if Valve is like Half-Life 3 exclusive on Xbox One and PlayStation 4 since both consoles have PC hardware?
Gabe wouldn't ever let that happen.
Gabe would have to be pushed down a flight of stairs.
Portal 2 was on PlayStation 3.
Well, I guess it was on Xbox 2, but it was way better on PlayStation 3 with the Steam integration and all that.
It was way better on Steam.
That's true.
Than anything.
I would also think too, honestly, if Steam's got this Steam bot, and I said this on the show before, I said, if they want to sell a million of those Steam boxes, make Half-Life 3 a timed exclusive to those Steam boxes and watch that shit sell.
I mean, that's all they'd have to do, right?
Yeah.
Alright, anyhow, let's move on.
More news, DarkSakura.
Well, in other news, you know how we all complain about GameStop, the evil G, as we have been calling it.
Basically, the federal judge in Camden, New Jersey said, yeah, you can sue them, go for it.
Basically saying that the games that were being sold there did not fully advertise that there might be other costs involved, like for online passes.
Which, honestly, I think the lawsuit is a little bit on the frivolous side, because it is common sense.
However, to quote a Deadpool meme, common sense, so rare it's a superpower?
Yeah.
So, because these people lack common sense, and other people agree that they shouldn't have to have common sense, GameStop is being sued.
If someone's grandma wants to get 8-year-old Timmy Modern Warfare 3 and she's trying to get herself a deal and buys it and then she gives it to him thinking that it's new or he thinks it's new and it's used and now he can't play online, she didn't know.
There wasn't a sticker on it.
It's for people buying games that don't play games.
But it's still, though, it's technically... I mean, this is a decision for the publishers.
Technically, the game is complete.
You can play the game, and sometimes even a portion of the multiplayer, but it's additional DLC that you need to purchase.
Even though it's kind of sad, is when they did this lawsuit, that now it's already fixed.
The problem is already gone, so...
I don't think it's GameStop's decision.
I don't think they should have to be responsible for something that the publisher does.
Which is ironic because EA has now said that they're doing away with online pass.
Yeah, and that's retroactive too.
So any of those games that you may buy used, they're gone.
But unfortunately, it doesn't really change in the world of lawsuit because there was a window of time when it was the case.
I want to say, if I remember correctly, I think these are the same guys that were suing Subway and actually won for the footlongs.
Did they win?
I thought that hadn't been decided yet.
Oh, okay.
I wasn't sure.
But for the footlongs being 11 inches, which, come on.
I mean, you're advertising a footlong sandwich.
A foot is fucking 12 inches.
That also raises the red flag a little bit, though, that, okay, now we're talking about a serial lawsuit type of individual, and you always kind of have to kind of raise your eyebrow at that, like, potentially abusing the system.
I think that it's something that, yeah, it's good to have on your label, but in the end...
I think people are looking for excuses to sue the moment somebody is the slightest bit put off that the first thought is sue.
And I think that
It would have been better handled by sending a letter of complaint to the company.
I don't know if they did that.
I mean, I haven't seen anything about that in the article.
But they should have, instead of just suing the company, the right step would have been contacting the company and say, Hey...
This wasn't on the label, we weren't aware of this, what can you do?
If they don't respond, then the next logical step would be Better Business Bureau Then the next logical step may be a lawsuit if they are that displeased But in the end, I really think jumping right to that conclusion is frivolous
That might be GameStop's way out of this too.
I don't understand why, and no one was forcing them to do that.
If anything, if you want to get into it, if anything, I think people should be suing fucking EA for having to pay those online passes and then them shutting the servers down.
That would be a little bit more worth merit.
Even now, it's just kind of like, okay, well, they're done with that.
It's gone, whatever.
But I don't think GameStops really should be to blame for that stuff.
You're buying a used copy.
A used copy is not the same as a new copy.
anything that you buy used is not going to be of the same quality as a new thing so I think this is going to be thrown out I think that they're not going to win it I actually think they're going to win we'll see didn't we kind of predict that this might happen when we first heard about the online pass in the first place that the consumers would not be educated on it and that this kind of thing would happen I'm almost positive it had to be said
I mean, there's two phrases that are going to be going out of, I think, common parlance soon.
One of them is, you know, the buyer beware.
And the other one's going to be shopper's remorse or buyer's remorse.
Because you can just sue now if you're remorseful over your purchase.
Dungeon Buster in our chatroom says there are people that still have trouble interpreting ESRB ratings.
That's true.
Maybe the consumer's not going to learn this stuff anytime soon.
That's why they need to rate them like they do movies.
Yeah, I agree with that.
I don't even think the ESRB is so confusing because it seems pretty, you know, it says what it is for everyone.
I understand how that's confusing, but you know... It's not to you and me.
At what point, though, I mean, like, I had this thing.
I was actually dealing with my library accounts and stuff, and we're talking about Final Fantasy XIV.
You know,
They're ordering it thinking it's a game that they can rent out or loan out to their customers.
Even though on our internal website that they order off of, there's a big fucking banner.
It's bold and there's yellow behind it.
It says, will not work.
It's like MMO, cost money to play, not recommended for renting out.
People are stupid.
They see Final Fantasy.
People will still order that.
They're like, I didn't know.
Thanks for watching!
No amount of changing your logos.
Sometimes parents just don't understand.
Sometimes just parents don't give a shit.
You know, that's it.
Or consumers don't give a shit and they're whatever.
They're not going to learn.
What it is, and this is, I hate to say it, my mother is a prime example of this.
and actually there are psychological studies going behind this.
People get comfortable with a certain idea and anything that supports their idea even if it is wrong gives them basically a happy chemical response.
That's why there's a lot of stupid Republicans out there.
Wow.
Well, that's why Rush Limbaugh exists then.
But it goes either way.
The moment that something is said that's contrary to this idea that is imprinted into their minds, it of course forms an opposite response.
The first instinct is not to listen to it, is to dismiss it.
Even if it might save them money in the long run.
And then when they go back to suffer the consequences of it, of course, oh, well, nobody told me that's because you have a selective fucking memory.
Alright, I wanted to go to another comment in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com from ShadowNextChan who says, there was some good GameStop news this week too.
I'm assuming that's the reprinting of Xenoblade, right?
Oh yeah, that came across my Twitter, that has to be it.
Yeah, that has to be the good GameStop news.
Someone, and I'm sorry if you're in chat and I just blanked on who it was, but someone on my Twitter feed posted...
Xenoblade Chronicles used and it was $80 used from GameStop and if they're reprinting it they have to redo that used.
I had no idea that the printing was that limited and it should have just been GameStop exclusive.
It's weird that they're reprinting it too when the Wii isn't really being pushed right now.
It's supposed to be all about the Wii U but I mean... You can play it in the Wii U though, right?
Well, of course you can but I wonder if the price has dropped maybe so it's like $20 at this point and it would make a really good, you know...
Please, please.
Them dropping the price of something that's going for $90 right now, and it's exclusive to them?
Yeah, I'm sure they're totally motivated from competition to drop that price.
Like, hell they are.
It's probably going to come back at $60.
Alright, let's move on with some more news.
Loki.
Alright, so, there was a couple bits of information from Microsoft this week about
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
One of the reasons why they're doing this is because the Xbox One, for example, is going to allow you to share your gold membership, sort of.
Basically, the way they're going to do it is you have your console.
Only one person or one live account on that console needs to have live gold.
So, say I have my family and each one of them has an Xbox Live account.
I only need to have Golden for everybody to play online regardless of which account is signed in and then also the same thing like if I go to my friend's house and sign into my account they can also play on Xbox Live with me while I'm over there
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
The problem is, it isn't fucking new This is the same shit that you can do right now on the Xbox 360 It's basically, I buy a game online For example, say I bought...
I don't know, an Xbox Live Arcade game.
Say I bought Super Street Fighter 2 or something like that.
And I have it on my console.
I've downloaded it.
It's good to go.
I can play it.
Anybody that's in my family or anybody else, any other account on my console can play that as well.
If I go over to Rob's and sign into my account and download the game on his console...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Game, set, match, or a fucking takeover.
You're so fucking stupid.
You don't even realize how stupid you are.
To be fair.
The Xbox Live sharing thing, cool.
This game sharing thing, it's the same shit you have now.
And you're like, oh my god, I'm going to buy an Xbox One now because it's so amazing.
You're so stupid.
And that's why they're going to be able to sell those consoles because you're so fucking stupid.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
All right.
Except I said that in my head.
I didn't actually respond back to him because I'm not going to waste my time doing that.
He was all red in the face just going, okay.
You couldn't fit it into 140 characters.
Oh, I showed so much restraint.
I was going to film a YouTube video and all that shit.
I was going to like, oh, hey, what the hell?
BlackMagic, my 360 turned into an Xbox One!
for me to, like, say, bring Mass Effect over to your house, and we have to, or, excuse me, go over to your house to install my digital copy of Mass Effect or whatever, and wait for it to download 7 gigs before we play it.
But on the Xbox One, we'll be able to play it right away.
So it does kind of enhance it a little bit, right?
Well, yeah, because it would have just been ridiculous if you had to do that, you know, as it is.
I mean, I know, hopefully, they're going to treat the recovering profiles a lot easier, because...
Thanks for watching!
Um, Actdeft in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says, it's been a while since we've had a Loki rage that hard.
And Tiger Claw says, Loki ranting and shouting at the Microsoft employee probably would have been like that video of the lady shouting at an Apple store.
I seriously thought about doing that, but just to prove myself right, but...
It's not worth it.
On someone like that that's randomly going through and like actually searching for like Xbox One and commenting on everybody's story.
And like I went and read through like his stuff.
I'm like, no, it's not even worth it because this guy's so  he's drank so much of the Microsoft Kool-Aid that there's no getting through this guy.
So I'm not even going to waste my time.
Do you really think the Xbox One is going to be that bad though?
Because I've really  I mean I kind of think they've kind of gone back on everything they need to.
The only thing that makes the Xbox One at this point is the fact that it's $100 more and has that required Kinect.
But it's kind of one of those things where it's like, inevitably, a year and a half after it launches, there will be some type of price drop.
Like, I will get an Xbox One eventually.
I'm not saying that the Xbox One's bad.
I'm just calling out bullshit marketing.
That's all I'm calling out.
Because if Sony did the exact same thing, if Sony came out and said, you know, like, hey, let's talk about how awesome cloud sharing is.
This is a brand new feature that we're bringing to the PlayStation 4.
It's never been done before.
I'd call them out and I'd be like, fuck you, this has been something that's been available already.
You know, something like that.
I would do it both ways.
Or Nintendo, you know, Nintendo started talking about something ridiculous.
You know, so it's just, I find it fascinating that they would come out and say that.
But I mean, it makes sense.
Of course they're going to want to do that because it makes it, and the game sharing thing is just ridiculous.
Yes, cool, I can sign into my account and play the games I have bought.
Okay, I mean, that's not really sharing, that's more like I'm going to a friend's house and watching a movie that I brought with me or something.
Alright, any comment from Alan or DarkSakura on this before we move on?
I like rants well like I said in chat if they create some sort of mobile mode or travel mode for your account when you sign in it makes the process faster that'd be nice but like Loki said it's still the same shit we have now I hate importing my profile to a different Xbox
It takes like 10 minutes, and you have to do it again.
When you come back home, you have to re-import your profile.
That's awful.
Here's the thing, though.
Going forward, this is probably going to tie in with Xbox One live accounts because you're connecting to their service.
It's probably just going to exist in the cloud.
You're just going to be signing in like you would sign in on a website, and you're never going to have to download that profile because it's all on the cloud type thing.
So that's...
Probably gonna improve, you're not gonna have that, you know, I download my, you know, my 10 meg profile for some reason that takes, you know, if I'm downloading any other 10 meg file anywhere, it would be like instantaneous, but oh no, for some reason I'm, I'm...
Operating at 24.4 or 28.8 or whatever Going back to the 90s Let me move In the interest of time I'm going to move on I want to talk a little bit about Nintendo Because Nintendo put out one of their Nintendo Directs this week Where they talked about Clarified a few things going on for the rest of the year
for the record I think those are a brilliant idea yeah they're they're they're working out really well I love you know and the great thing is they kind of come out of nowhere like you know people people are already saying get ready y'all Apple's gonna do something on September 10th and it's like god that's so far away but when Nintendo Direct so far away yeah it's less than a month it's still it's still a long ways away
Well, okay, compared to Nintendo says, all right, there's going to be a Nintendo Direct day after tomorrow.
Get up early and watch it.
Cool.
So, I'm just saying.
Anyhow, they had the Nintendo Direct.
Just kind of clarified a few things.
No real big bombshells, but just a few things.
First off, Sonic Lost World will be coming out October 22nd.
They were talking about some kind of functionality between 3DS and Wii U that sounded interesting.
Art Academy Sketchpad for Wii U Some details there And kind of looks like you'll be able to post your drawings into Miiverse Which, you know, alright, whatever Which as Miiverse grows, it's kind of nice Looks like some people are doing some crazy shit in there too I think there's a version of it already downloadable Like a little mini version of it
Luigi was confirmed as a new Super Smash Bros.
character and I was kind of like, isn't that kind of a given?
I kind of already thought he was.
Is he going to have crazy leg jumping?
Because that would be awesome.
Did he in the other ones?
I think so.
I was thinking, you know, if the Mario 2 stuff.
They need to announce Mecha Luigi or Demon Death Luigi where he's like a super uber one.
Or Waluigi.
No.
Waluigi's awesome.
I have another Nintendo exclusive.
The next Zelda game is going to have Ganon in it.
Oh my god.
Alright.
Moving on.
Some other things announced in the Nintendo Direct.
Rayman Legends Wii U will have Mario and Luigi costumes.
Now, they're not going to actually be Mario and Luigi but it's like Rayman wearing the red suspenders and all that.
I still found it interesting despite all the drums with this game.
I kind of think that's one of those things nowadays for any Nintendo-made game that's like, oh, we gotta have fucking some reference to Mario in it.
Gotta have it.
Even I remember, was it Need for Speed?
Most Wandered or something had fucking cars based off of the Mario Kart cars or something.
It's just...
It's neat, I guess, but when you do it in every single game, when there's an homage to Mario in every goddamn game that's third party, like, what are we going to get in fucking Assassin's Creed, you know?
Are we going to have a Mario hat in Assassin's Creed?
Or Watch Dogs?
Are you going to have a Mario hat in Watch Dogs?
I mean...
They showed some more footage from Wind Waker HD and A Link Between Worlds, and I am so here for A Link Between Worlds.
That's like my most anticipated 3DS title right now.
Pretty interesting little virtual console tidbit.
A game they're going to put out on the 3DS eShop, Summer Carnival 92 Rekka, which is a very...
Wrecka?
Oh my god, that game's awesome!
It's so rare, too.
Have I covered it, too?
Oh, I don't know.
I might have done Wrecka.
Maybe.
It's a neat game for a NES game.
Yeah, well, yeah, and they actually acknowledged, like, this shit is rare, and now everybody's gonna be able to play it, so that was kinda neat.
Some other things they announced for Virtual Console on 3DS, Donkey Kong, Wario Land 3, Super Mario Bros.
3, and Tecmo Bowl, which, you know, kinda...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Me-Verse
Interesting.
I don't know.
It was a weird little last tease, but I kind of like that they're trying to push the boundaries of me versus some different things.
But for me, I'm going to be honest, it was one of those things I downloaded it once, I checked it out, I was like, huh, neat.
Then I turned it off and I probably won't ever run it again.
But for those that are really into sharing the creative stuff they've done in Animal Crossing, it might be kind of cool.
So those are some of the highlights of the Nintendo Direct.
So please look forward to all those games coming out soon.
DarkSakura, before we get to release dates, what do you have for us?
Well, we do have a demo that's finally on the EU Wii U eShop.
EU Wii U eShop.
Just try saying that three times fast.
But it's been on the American Wii U eShop as well.
Wonderful 101, which I watched the trailer for last night and...
Actually, this kind of makes me want a Wii U again.
I mean, Tank Tank Tank was kind of a tank, but... It's free now.
Yeah.
Well, this though, and it was done by Hideki Kiyama, who did Beautiful Joe.
And it totally looks like the same feel that Beautiful Joe had, which was a fun series of games.
So I really, really am excited about this one.
It just looked really fun.
And it had sort of that Sentai feel to it, you know, because, you know, I like Sentai.
So I think this might be the convincing factor.
Even Dan was sort of like, oh, that was cool.
There are a lot of people pretty excited about this game.
So I need to download the demo.
I keep forgetting.
I got to do that up.
I would do that right now, but I need the bandwidth for the show.
Remind me to do that later.
Have you seen anything about Wonderful 101?
A lot of people on my Twitter are really excited for it.
Yeah, but we're friends with a lot of Nintendo fanboys.
Bless their hearts.
Bless their hearts.
All right.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase, kidney.
Let's move on to some release dates.
Travel around the world and see what games are coming out to a store near you very soon.
The Angry Birds trilogy on Wii and Wii U this week because they didn't get them last time around.
Payday 2 on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 Phineas and Ferb Quest for Cool Stuff Xbox 360 Wii, Wii U, 3DS and DS
And one week from today, Disney Infinity, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii, Wii U, and 3DS as well.
A whole fucking ton of characters.
Any idea what platform I should get it on?
Because, you know, like Alan said, we're Twitter friends with a lot of Nintendo fanboys.
So I'm kind of leaning towards Wii U for that reason so I can play with them.
But then I'm like, oh God.
But then I think about things like Injustice where the...
You're going 360?
I don't even know if I'm buying it.
If you have a Wii U, then the tablet acts as the ARFID chip reader.
Does it though?
Because I thought that wasn't being implemented until a patch later on.
Although they are talking about the Pokemon Rumble, so...
Skylanders Skylanders
Crystal thing that you put the thing on.
The magic!
You need the magic!
If you have a Wii U, just put the action figure on your tablet and it's like, okay, I read it.
You have this character now.
It's one of those features like the IR port on the 3DS or the DS or whatever that they're never going to fucking use except for that Pokemon game.
But you could tap your credit card on it and use that.
Don't kid yourself, that'll be a thing.
When they announced the Pokemon Rumble, is it?
I was like, why didn't they announce a new Pokemon Snap with amazing AR tablet camera support?
I kind of wish that my son was older so that he would be appreciative of this stuff.
I can get him a Mater.
The problem is to get the Cars playset, it's like $40 for the Cars playset.
It's like $13 for the Mater.
And then Disney Infinity is another $75.
No, I'm not spending $120 on this stuff just to have a playable Mater.
Besides Saints Row 4.
That's all it's about.
I'm teaching to play Saints Row.
Hell yeah.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
My son plays Angry Birds.
Actually, he can kind of do it.
He three-starred a level the other day.
Oh, good job.
Like, I was just, wow, that's pretty cool.
You know, it's a little hard for him to do it on the phone, but he... That's the only game he plays so far, but hey, I'll take anything.
You gotta start somewhere.
Alright, well, since I don't have Japanese releases, how about the UK?
Okay.
we have um coming out we have DuckTales Remastered on the 13th um which actually I bought that for Dan the day I got fired which I shouldn't have spent money on but I thought I had a job but he said he came up and said my girl loves me because she got me DuckTales I was like oh I'm gonna barf just think about how much he's gonna love you when you buy him Strider
also coming out is Europa Universalis 4 and then Payday 2 on PC on the 14th also DuckTales Remastered for PS3
Alright, just a few more news stories for you guys in the classic game of the week.
And I was a little surprised DarkSakura's picked this week.
Why?
Just because it's one of those games where you're like, oh yeah, you gotta do that at some point.
Xbox 360, Xbox Live, etc.
As previously mentioned before, they are getting rid of Microsoft Points and are going to be converting over to real currency.
And this is supposed to be happening sometime in the fourth quarter, October-ish.
Well, it's actually going to take place at the end of August.
They're going to convert your funds over to real money.
But they're going to release new cards, I believe, in October.
And they're going to come in different nominations of $50, $25, $30, which are actually $3 to $10 cards, and $15.
So those are going to be available around October-ish.
And your Microsoft Point cards will still work until they say they won't.
And the only little bit of small fine print that you have about the points that you have on your account, they must be spent by June of 2015.
So they are giving you two years instead of one year now.
But I mean, honestly, you shouldn't really have that much money sitting on your account.
It means I have to use the card I got for my birthday.
well not necessarily I mean you can you just don't yeah you have two years I mean come on you should be able to spend enough time yeah you got enough time buy a digital copy of Grand Theft Auto 5 buy more rock band songs you know that's what she's gonna do I got the email blast about this from Microsoft and the way the email made it sound like it was happening now it just said with with an upcoming Xbox system update this will take effect it didn't actually have any dates in it
Well, the system update from what I'm gathering, because they like to do every single system update because they do a new ban wave before a major game release.
So the next system update I'm betting is going to be right before Grand Theft Auto 5.
And that would be, you know, beginning of September.
And that's when they've mentioned they're going to convert everything over.
So it would make sense.
And they're doing a beta right now for it.
So it's probably very soon.
So, yeah, probably end of August.
I don't know how many of y'all are fans of the EverQuest series, but there was quite a bit of news about EverQuest coming out this week.
Some expansions for EverQuest and EverQuest 2.
EverQuest getting a new expansion called Call of the Forsaken.
Guess what number expansion it is for the EverQuest game?
Guess what number?
One.
37 in a row.
Close.
It is the 20th expansion for EverQuest.
Can you imagine?
How many has World of Warcraft had?
Four?
Five.
Five.
Five.
Is it?
Yeah, five.
So hopefully a six.
Burning Crusade, Wrath of the Lich King, Cataclysm, Pandaria is a four.
Roll Pandas.
Is a four because Vanilla doesn't count as a expansion.
But we all know a fifth is coming at BlizzCon this year.
How many people have they lost now?
It's going down.
They were at 7.7 as of the last Horde House.
Yeah.
But 7.7 is still way more than any other MMO, so we'll see.
Well, I don't know.
I mean, we could get into a longer discussion on this about how League of Legends has a heck of a lot of people playing that, but it's not really measured the same way.
But anyway.
That's another discussion.
Back to EverQuest.
Call of the Forsaken is the 20th expansion where you will face off against the dragon lady Lendinaria and return peace to the world of Norath as the way these things go.
Also, two shared bank slots, a new heroic adventure system, new gear, new raids.
EverQuest 2 is getting its 10th expansion, Tears of Vashan, a new channeler class coming in with that.
I think one thing that caught a lot of people's attention, though, however, is the news on EverQuest Next.
EverQuest Next was shown, just little tidbits and a website up, but EverQuest Next will have destructible environments.
And it's not like a total sandbox-like playground.
There will be restrictions on what you can and what you can't destroy.
But what I thought about this was that there's this whole other kind of
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Landmark is the name of what I was thinking of.
You can construct a structure on a plot of land that you claim in the world and then you can sell it in the Player Studios marketplace for use in EverQuest Next.
That's very Second Life.
Who's going to build the gigantic penis first?
I guess I'm assuming these things have to be screened.
Oh, Rob, not everybody's into penis.
Okay, then boobies.
All right.
Anyhow, also it should be mentioned that there's also an iOS and Android app happening called EverQuest Worlds.
Quests and minigames that will tie into lore content and rewards in the EverQuest franchise.
That app is free and available now.
So if you're an EverQuest fan, there's a lot going on right now.
Pretty cool.
Teto13811 in our chat says, EverQuest meets Minecraft.
Yeah, that's kind of the impression I got from it too, which is kind of cool.
Like, you know, I like the idea of that.
Let's see.
Trying to see if anybody else is talking about it.
at live.vognetwork.com.
I see some comments on the Microsoft point card thing.
Tigerclaw says, what's going to happen, I think, is Microsoft will replace those points card with the one similar to PlayStation Network where you can buy a $20 or $50 card.
Yeah, I think that's pretty much exactly what's happening.
Yeah, that comment might have come in before you read that.
All right.
Anyhow, that does it for the news for Part A, but we can't wrap this up until we take a trip down memory lane.
DarkSakura, what is the classic game of the week?
The classic game of the week is Legend of Zelda Ocarina of Time.
I told you guys, right?
Like, I mean, she has to do it eventually, right?
That's a really obscure deep cut, DarkSakura.
Right?
Okay, then we'll do Panorama Cotton again.
Or Emerald Dragon.
You can't do the same game twice, even though you totally did it once.
You know what, Rob?
You know what?
You know what?
You know what?
What?
So, I had to pick this music to start off with.
Okay.
Anyway, the Legend of Zelda Ocarina of Time, also known in Japan as Zeru no Densetsu Toki no Ocarina, is the Nintendo 64 Zelda option, the very first one that came out.
It came out in Japan on November 21st, 1998, and North America November 23rd, and in Europe December 11th, same year.
It was originally developed for the Nintendo 64DD, but instead came out for the Nintendo 64.
So you play as Link, you go through Hyrule, you have a completely open world.
I mean, for as small as it was, it was an open world.
and you had to do several different things you time traveled you had to solve different puzzles it's a Zelda game but it was the first of its type I really think it was it had a really good story it was really in-depth it had some very weird stuff going on in it but it didn't have that stupid moon and it didn't have tingle so it was a lot better than Majora's Mask
I know.
Also, the Guinness Book of World Records said that Ocarina of Time was the highest rated game ever reviewed.
And this was also for 2008 and 2010, so it gets a lot of love.
there was also some re-releases one of them was Ocarina of Time Master Quest that had the dungeons redone with new puzzles and then the collector's edition which was a port for GameCube we have that I've actually got the gold cartridge for Nintendo 64 which has some fun glitches in it you can do some different fun stuff
So anyway, like I said, roleplay game, had different elements, has a Z targeting that basically lets you lock on to another item so that you can focus on it and kill it easier.
That game did give me some different perspective issues, but...
You also do quests for the NPCs, so it has a slightly MMO quality to it.
Just that RPG element.
And so basically, you have to get the Master Sword, kill Ganon, save Zelda, the end.
Which is typical.
The Japanese version was called Tokino Ocarina GC Ura.
Um...
Let's see.
It also, we had other versions that came out with a GBA.
We released A Link to the Past.
You could buy it on Virtual Console.
Basically, it was available.
Bless you.
It was available, you know, for a while.
Now, like I said, there was a 64DD version that was planned that was called Ura Zelda, but it was supposed to expand the game outside of the cartridge limits, and that's where that Master Quest came from, which is why the Japanese version was called Ura.
We have the game on the 3DS, which is the game.
and, uh, they probably have a, well, like it's saying here, they've actually fixed up quite a few things that were wrong with it.
Um, the audio was, of course, done by Koji Kondo.
Rob's playing my favorite music in the game right now.
The, uh, Gerudo Valley.
I have a special love of classical guitar So anyway, yeah, the game is like one of the most loved Nintendo games of all time It's definitely, I would say, probably one of the best that ever came out on the Nintendo 64 So we're just looking at an instant classic when it came out Especially given how pretty it was when it came out And now this is something that's actually important to me
I even remember this because this was actually the first time I heard of Philip Glass.
They compared a lot of Koji Kondo's music in this to Philip Glass.
And basically, this composer came into discussion recently in helping people with autistic meltdowns overcome them by listening to minimalist music.
And it made me think that back when I was playing through this game, if ever I found myself in a situation where I felt overwhelmed, I'd go listen to Zelda music and calm down the same way I listen to Philip Glass and calm down.
So I thought it was very interesting that that stylistic comparison was drawn between the music and that I react to both of them in the same way.
So it was pretty cool.
This was the game that made me go out and buy an N64.
Unpopular opinion time, but I played Mario 64 for about 30 minutes, and I'm like, this is confusing and weird, I don't like it, this is muddy as shit.
I was the age where being a fanboy came to you very easily.
I was what?
What year was this?
Thank you for watching!
and I bought other N64 games like Ogre Battle 64, Paper Mario, never played them.
Bought them, never played them.
I played Ocarina, beat it, never touched my N64 again.
See, my rabid fanboy thing, which to some extent still kind of holds to this day, is I really resented the transition to 3D and I just always preferred A Link to the Past.
I think I still do to this day.
Exactly.
I don't think this is a bad game, so get off my... It was just not my thing.
I had a really hard time adjusting to the 3D.
Just like with me, my unpopular opinion, I guess, is that I liked Wind Waker better than...
Ocarina of Time
I was just like, why don't they do that?
Why didn't they do something like that?
I would be cool to see them do a remake of Ocarina of Time HD.
Actually, not just up-res everything, but recreate the game, redo all the 3D visuals.
What if they did it in the style of Twilight Princess?
See, I didn't really play Twilight Princess.
I bought it, and I didn't really... Twilight Princess was finally when I came around to accept the 3D Zelda.
Twilight Princess was great.
There's a part in this game, Ocarina of Time, that did make me a little emotional, too, at that age.
I was very sad.
The green girl, the little forest girl who has a crush on... Sorry, yeah.
When you are older and you have to find the seven sages that are going to banish Ganon, she's one of them, and there's this scene where now she has to go off and she's never going to see Link again.
And he's older and she's the same age, and you can kind of tell that she has a thing for him.
I just was very, like, I teared up at that.
She was a very sad character for me.
But how many of us that played the game screamed at the owl when you accidentally made him start over?
Yeah, yeah.
Spam, spam, spam, spam, spam.
Did you hear what I said?
No.
No.
Thank you for watching!
And for me, there was just so much stuff in it.
Like, I loved the Gerudo.
I loved going around.
And the one level that I really hated doing, though, was the cave that was all spirally.
That was kind of a pain in the butt.
Well, there was also the water dungeon or the ice dungeon in Zelda's Notorious for having ice dungeons where you're like...
Fuck.
The water dungeon was actually really fun to me, but it was also probably one of the only levels in that game that made me actually sick.
So yeah, Ocarina of Time.
Alright.
And I'll even say that to this day, the best way I like to play it is busting out the 64, popping in that gold cartridge and saying, leave me alone.
I'm getting my link on.
Alright.
There it is, folks.
Your classic game of the week.
Legend of Zelda, the Ocarina of Time.
One of the true, true classics.
Considered by some to be the greatest game of all time.
So, there you go.
If the Guinness Book of World Records said something about it, then...
We've got news on all of that when we come back after a quick break with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 515, already in progress.
Tonight is August 11th of 2013 and having a pretty busy show here.
Back after a week off, of course.
We weren't here last week, unfortunately, but getting back in full swing talking about games such as Hotline Miami, which the live listeners heard a couple tracks from the soundtrack.
I like that.
I hadn't heard any of the music yet.
I like the second song a lot more than the first, but that was really good.
I like that.
Good choice, Alan.
Thanks for watching!
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Thanks for watching!
Also, just today, I taped a spot for a podcast called Game On Epic Slant Press Edition And that's a part of MMORPG.com And a real quick show, it's only about 30-45 minutes, but they were kind enough to have me on today Good guys over there, so I believe that will be up on Monday, so check that out I get to talk a bit about Final Fantasy XIV, and you guys all know I have the other show, Horde House So I got to speak a little bit about some MMOs, they were talking about Rift and some of the other changes going on at Triumph
So that was pretty exciting.
And I guess I should give another plug, because I don't know if I remembered to mention it two weeks ago, but on the last GameBooey.org show, which was about music games, I was on that show.
And that's up on their feed now.
And it might be getting bumped by the time you hear this by their most recent show they did today, which I think they did about GamerX.
But look for the show in their feed about music games.
We had a great time.
It was like a three-hour show.
So...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura.com
It's the best way to get a hold of me.
D-A-R-K-S-A-K-U-R-A Or you can message me through Tumblr.
I was going to say, Tumbles.
I tumble a lot more.
It's Kuro Tsubasa, K-U-R-O-U-T-S-U-B-A-S-A Just think Blackwing.
I mean, if you message me on the Twitter, I will eventually see it.
And Loki, I don't know, what's the best way for them to get you?
Twitter?
Twitter is fine.
LokiOLR and Twitter.
All right, well, let's get into some rapid-fire news and talk about what else is going on in the gaming world this week.
Loki, why don't you start us off?
This isn't the first time games tried something like this, where they put up a really expensive, ridiculous bundle for an upcoming game.
I think they did something like that for Formula 1.
I think it was Formula 1 2012, where they actually had a Formula 1 car as part of the bundle.
Yeah.
Uh, but this is the Saints Row 4, the Super Dangerous Wad Wad Edition, aka the Million Dollar Pack.
It is exactly one million dollars, there is only one available, and it includes the following.
Saints Row 4, the Commander-in-Chief Edition, a Virgin Galactic Space Flight, a full-size replica of the Dubstep Gun, a hostage rescue experience, plastic surgery, spy training day, a personal shopper,
A capsule wardrobe from all the Saints Row stuff.
Seven nights at the Top Royale Suite in Dubai.
And a partridge in a pear tree.
A week for two at the Jefferson Hotel in Washington, D.C.
A first class flight to Washington, D.C.
and Dubai.
A Lamborghini, a new Toyota Prius Plus, a year's insurance, and a year's supercar membership.
All for $1 million, which apparently is not a very good deal because it's very cheap.
But my thing is, though, it's $1 million and they couldn't even bother to throw in the Season Pass DLC.
I mean, really?
This reminds me of how, like in WoW, there are players with phenomenal amounts of money that they didn't buy from a gold farmer that they just have in every expansion.
Blizzard has to put in some mount or some treasure thing that costs like 300,000 gold for like the alchemy mount.
You have too much gold there.
Make this thing.
That's what this is, but in real life.
You have too much money.
Here's a money sink for you.
Buy this.
It just reminded me of what I should have done a while before I left.
That was by the time dragon thing.
I think this is one of those stupid things that generates blog headlines across the internet.
And oh, look, it worked.
Whatever.
They trollin'.
It's a good troll.
You know what?
If I had a million dollars, you know what I would do?
I would just buy the Bugatti and leave it alone.
Honestly, though, it's not really worth it.
I think they've had a few sites that have actually broken down cost-wise, and it ends up being about $600,000 worth of product there.
So you're kind of overspending.
But if you have a million dollars to drop on a game, then you probably don't give a shit about money.
Bill Gates, I'm looking at you.
Come on, you're a Saints Row fan, right?
Honestly, if I had a million dollars, I'd buy a house and pay my bills.
But if you had so much money that you had extra, like millions of dollars were just like dollar bills.
This is for the 1%.
If I magically became the 1%, I think my brain would explode.
I wouldn't know what to do.
If you're so rich you have no idea how much money exactly you have because the stock market fluctuates so much each day, then this is for you.
When you're so rich, you don't know how much money you have.
If I had a million dollars, I'd invest and make a million more.
Just saying.
Well, if I had just one million dollars, I'm not going to buy a fucking game with it.
I mean, that's stupid.
If I had lots and lots of money, like billions of dollars, then yes, I would drop a million dollars on a fucking game because no one thought that they would purchase it and I'd be like, ha, I fucking purchased it.
Next story.
so this is kind of cool news for the Oculus Rift they're actually they have a new chief technical officer and that's coming from John Carmack the co-founder of id of course big fan of VR and now going to be a part of the team to make the Oculus Rift awesome so neat
Saltibet Saltibet
It's basically a website that you go and you sign up and you get fake money.
You bet on PC controlled Mugen fights.
And for those that don't know what Mugen is, it is a basically create your own fighting game type thing.
And so there's characters from Street Fighter, from all the different fighting series you can possibly imagine and a bunch of other made up stuff.
So you get like
For example, this screenshot here, you get a team battle between Popeye and Ash from Evil Dead versus Duck Dodgers and Spawn.
Just weird shit like that.
If it's a character that had a sprite made of it during the Genesis slash SNES era, then that sprite has probably been imported into Mugen and made a character.
I watched a fight that took place versus a Dragon Ball Z character and Fat Albert.
I just watched...
Hey, hey, hey!
But yeah, it's kind of fun.
So saltybet.com, you sign up, you get 400 fake dollars, and then you go and you bet.
What a colossal waste of time.
I'd want to watch a Daisy fight for that hidden eye beam attack that the Moogan Daisy has from Mario Kart.
I'd have to see that.
But yeah, it's funny and they've got like... It's just this Twitch stream that they have and you bet stuff and you can even... They have a chat window and stuff on there and you can check stuff out.
But there's people with a ton of money.
I'm like, how many fucking hours are you spending on this thing?
It's ridiculous.
And I always bet on the losers apparently because...
It's like, how do you pick who's going to win between some random anime chick and this weird screen cap of a soccer player or something like that?
It's conversations you had when you were 10.
I bet that Superman would lose a fight against that one Battletoad.
I mean, that's what Mugen is, basically.
Once I tried to find Mugen and install it and get some character packs, I couldn't figure out where the hell this thing is.
It's buried on some Japanese forum somewhere.
I just tried to Google, download Mugen, play Mugen, for example.
I'm going to tell you something.
I have a disc from seven years ago, a CD from seven years ago that has an install of Mugen on it.
I don't know who these characters are.
I mean, I know who one of these characters is, but I don't know who both these characters are.
But right now... Are you salty betting during the show?
No, right now they have... It's Fox McCloud versus Hawkage.
I guess he's from... Looks like Naruto.
So... Takagi?
Hakage, I guess.
Yes, I can't fucking read Japanese today.
So it's Fox McCloud versus Hakage.
Good for Fox McCloud.
Yes, Fox McCloud is definitely favored to win.
But yeah, just an example of some of the matchups you see right there.
I don't know, I had it on the other day while I was doing other things and I thought it was funny.
Alright, let's move on Earlier in the show, I was yelled at in private message by my good pal Shane Alinko When I said that I was most looking forward to on the 3DS the Link Between Two Worlds Zelda remake Because he said, how dare you, Pokemon X and Y still isn't out
So fine.
Here you go, Shane.
Here's a Pokemon X and Y story for me to butcher.
And it's about something you were expressing to me earlier this week.
Mega evolutions.
That's right.
The Pokemon Company unveiled more information on mega evolutions such as Mewtwo.
It can undergo this change during battle, but the effects would only last for the duration of the battle.
In order for this to happen, Pokemon has to hold a Mega Stone item, but there are different ones unique to different creatures in order to get these abilities.
There were also new screens and there was a new trailer that was released for this that talks about how to use this.
What is this?
Super Training is also a thing where you can increase a Pokemon's base stats by playing mini games such as a soccer style game and core training workouts as well that will allow your Pokemon to slowly improve their stats on their own.
I want to hear more about the fashion shoots and all that kind of crap that they're going to have in the game.
And when this story was announced, all of the Pokemon theory crafters and min-maxers simultaneously got a boner and an aneurysm.
Actdeft says Digimon will sue.
Pokemon min-maxers are crazy it's one of the reasons I can't get into Pokemon as much as some people like Shane is that there's too fucking much like it's just like oh my god it's like I gotta do this and then I gotta get these items and I gotta min-max this and I gotta do a fucking fashion shoot on the side like god damn you know what I was fine with 151 Pokemon I was fine with taking their pictures and snap yeah that was fun
The rest of this shit is too much.
Yeah.
You know, okay, I did get some free plushies at E3, which I gave to Julie.
But, you know what?
Shane?
Done.
Shane does have a career.
The new buddy Pokemon is super cute, by the way.
He's super derpy, and I love it.
Wait, come on.
I want to see the derpiness.
Come on.
Load.
I'm trying to get to load studio.
Although, I do like when people do memes with the old... Okay, that looks like a derp.
Okay.
Isn't he adorable, though?
What is up with those ears?
He's kind of like the... What's the one they have all the memes about?
Psyduck?
No.
The beaver-looking one.
Bidoof.
Yeah, Bidoof.
What the fuck is a Bidoof?
Squirtle, help.
I'm on fire.
LOL, Bidoof.
Squirtle, I'm dying.
I haven't seen those.
All right.
I just like the Diglett memes.
Far too much Pokemon content for one show.
Shut it down.
Hearthstone is Blizzard's free-to-play card game.
It's going to be in beta soon, and they're saying it's not really around the corner, but it's not far away either.
I'm not sure what the hell that's supposed to mean, but they're saying, here's the quote about it, "...we're not days away from launching the beta, but we're not months away either."
Thank you for watching!
for Saints Row 4 even I'm excited about this game honestly I gotta get it at some point the soundtrack list has been revealed 109 tracks in this game good lord I am not gonna read all 109 songs off of this list but I will just point out especially because there's like a lot of classical songs because they have the classical station but I will point out I was very excited to see Hathaway What Is Love is in the game and apparently it's one of those songs that's used at a key moment baby don't hurt me
Opposites Attract by Paula Abdul Dude, the safety dance!
Montel Jordan, this is how we do it I just laughed because Oh Shit's in it Lump by Pusa Oh Shit is in it Obviously the mix station is going to be the best Alright, there you go, Saints Row 4 soundtrack More information there DarkSakura, how about you?
What do you got?
Okay, well, I have some stuff.
We have, first of all, there is a Tomb Raider sequel that has been confirmed by the Square CEO.
Well, at least the American slash European Phil Rogers CEO.
Basically, they're also going to be doing a comic book that is a bridge between the games.
And I knew about this because Gail Simone actually said something about it.
You know, I follow her Tumblr.
She sort of let that slip early.
So I'm looking forward to that because I have liked what I've played so far of Tomb Raider.
I just need to play more of it.
Or as we call it here at OLR, Girl.
Girl.
Lara Croft's incredible, no good, very bad day.
Whatever that book was called.
and then there is a fan petition out for Smash Brothers and they want to make Reggie Fils-Aim a playable character yep, you can sign the Nintendo and that he uses Nintendo controllers and characters to his advantage as attacks and they are basically encouraging Twitter users to basically message Masahiro Sakurai to have Reggie in the game
I think that'd be awesome.
That would be pretty sweet.
He has to have... You remember Norimaro in Marvel Super Heroes?
He was only in the Japanese version.
The comedian who was wearing the boy's uniform.
I think they should do a version like that for Reggie.
With the big head that's super exaggerated features and everything.
His jaw should be in attack.
I kind of agree with 5th Dream in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com LOL fan petition.
Yeah, but it would be funny.
and weirder things have happened by the way Tekken X Street Fighter is still in development they haven't given up and it should be better than Street Fighter X Tekken was so I hate this way these stupid well let me say this from Stan in our chat room because I like this comment too I thought Stan Lee would have been cool in Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3 yes yes
So, they're looking, though, with this to build a bigger community for the fighting game fans by combining, not just putting the Tekken fans and the Street Fighter fans together, but really making it one big whole community.
So, we'll see.
As long as it's better than, you know, the Capcom attempt, then I'll be happy.
Ta-da!
Alright, there it is, your rapid-fire news.
Let's get to the Fugle question of the week.
Every week we ask a question of our Facebook and Google Plus communities.
But this week was a little different because unfortunately due to some of the other podcasts I was doing and being sick and having to get Jamie tonight because she's without car.
Yeah, my battery died.
I was not able to prep the show in a timely manner.
So I was like, all right, well, we're not going to have enough time to get decent replies tonight.
So let's mix it up a little bit and do a segment instead that we have not done on Orange Lounge Radio in a very, very long time.
It's a segment we call Ask Orange Lounge.
God.
Let's ask Orange Lounge some stupid question.
What will we find out this week on Orange Lounge Radio?
I bet a lot of people didn't know I usually sing the theme and now they're happy that we don't do this segment a lot anymore.
Made up every time.
Can you believe it?
I'm a regular Wayne Brady over here.
Alright, let's start with Facebook.
Red the Haze starts us off tonight.
What is a man?
A miserable little pile of secrets.
Weren't you paying attention?
Yes.
Rob himself says, why is there no Loki and Dan show?
That would be epic.
Why isn't there a Loki and Dan show?
You guys should just look at each other and yell for an hour.
It would be fun.
I would leave the house.
You wouldn't see me while the whole thing was going on.
We wouldn't yell at each other.
We'd probably agree a lot.
Actually, yeah.
Yell in unison.
It would be the two dudes up in the balcony from the Muppet Show.
Dude, that would be awesome.
Oh, that would be awesome.
Just need to channel that.
You know what?
I'm going to make the suggestion to Dan, then, that you do the Grumpy Guy Show.
Alright, Hoseo Sumerogawa wants to know, what's the one game you thought you wouldn't enjoy, but you ended up loving?
I only ask because I thought I wasn't going to enjoy Hitman Absolution nearly as much as I am.
The one game you thought you wouldn't enjoy, but you ended up loving.
Easy for me, Mass Effect.
I'd have to say that was one for me too.
And Borderlands 2 actually.
I like it.
Alan, anything you can think of?
I'm blanking.
I'm sorry.
That's all right.
Loki, anything?
Minecraft.
All right.
Ronnie B says, if you could design your own game for the Oculus Rift, what would it be like?
It would be like F-Zero.
If I had to do one?
Yeah.
It would be...
I don't know.
I was going to try to think of something really pervy to say.
It'd be like superhero dress up.
There's plenty of perv content already on Oculus Rift.
Anybody else?
Alan?
A game like Rez or what was that fireworks game that was a launch game for the PS2?
Fantavision.
Something like that.
Very good.
Fantavision is a fun game.
Pretty rave drug-induced game on the Oculus Rift.
Wireframe.
All right.
Ragenator says, Train A is traveling south from Butte, Montana at 78 miles an hour.
Train B is traveling east to PAX East with Cliffy B as a passenger.
How much bacon can Loki eat in one sitting without getting explosive bacon grease diarrhea?
That's disgusting.
He's not doing that in our apartment.
I don't get explosive diarrhea from bacon.
It just ends up getting so heavy.
It depends on how hungry I am.
And how crispy the bacon is.
Don't take the question seriously.
It's really, that is what it comes down to is how crispy the bacon is.
Because if it's not, if it's like all fatty and greasy, then yeah, you can't eat very much of it.
But if it's really crispy, then you can eat a ton of it.
If it's not very crispy, that means it's well lubricated You guys are disgusting Hey, we didn't ask the question That's true, that's true It's Ragenator's fault Ragenator, you're banned Get something to slap him with in the chatroom And I apologize for the Facebook noises I still haven't disabled it Stop being jerks and setting it off
Alright, Bobby Blackwolf asking the heavy hitting question here.
With all of the heavy topics that are discussed on OLR throughout the years, there are many questions that one could ask the Lounge of Orange.
Some are philosophical, some are personal, others are about the best ways to roast a ferret.
However, there is one question and one question only that dictates the future of gaming and the revelry of gaming's past.
Why the beep can you not accept that Chrono Trigger and Earthbound are better than Super Metroid?
What is actually a rhetorical question?
Because the only acceptable answer is, you speak the truth, Bobby, and now I accept your conclusion as fact.
It has been written on the internet, and lo, it is true.
Well...
First of all, it's pronounced Gith.
Second of all, no.
I've actually prepared an answer for this.
I know the internet's been waiting a long time for me to explain the answer to this, so here's my answer.
Drumroll, please.
Drumroll, please.
Because fuck you, that's why.
Thank you and goodnight!
Do-do-do-do-do-do.
Do-do-do-do-do-do.
No, I just... Okay, look.
There's something about the fact that Super Metroid is something that you can play in, like, you know, one sitting and really kind of do, like, the speedruns and collect all the items.
I love the music in Super Metroid, and I don't know how to put my finger on it.
I just fucking love that game, and really, they don't make Metroid games like it anymore.
It's just...
They do make Castlevania games like it.
They do.
They do.
And I don't hate Chrono Trigger and I especially don't hate Earthbound.
In fact, I got Earthbound on Wii U Virtual Console and it's fun.
You know what I found the other day?
Earthbound.
The cartridge.
Oh, good times.
Did you play it?
Uh, no.
Alright.
Dan and I were actually playing through Super Mario World.
That's the other game I forgot to say I was playing.
It was to cheer me up.
Dan and I drank wine and played Super Mario World.
Alright, three hour show and look how many questions I gotta get through.
Alright, Tim Tripp wants to know, why not Zoidberg?
What?
Why not Zoidberg?
You're laughing over there, Loki.
Is that Futurama?
I think so.
Because he sheds his skin and he's gross.
That show got cancelled anyway.
It came back, didn't it?
I think it's gone again.
Stan H wants to know, if you were in a Final Fantasy game, what would be your job class?
I want to do a summoner because I want to summon cute little creatures to do my bidding.
I'd be Realm.
Where I would draw everything that I want into existence and have them beat the shit out of everybody.
Here's a horde of cute ponies.
Stop, stop, stop.
Alan?
I'd be Saban because he was super hot and built.
Loki?
I don't remember what the class was in Final Fantasy VI.
It was Edgar.
I think he was an engineer or something like that.
Because he had a fucking chainsaw and that's awesome.
And he had a real gun.
Jeremy, our buddy from Koopa Club, wants to know, do you even lift?
No.
How much can you bench, DarkSakura, who's raising her hand?
I actually don't bench.
I do deadlifts, and I am up to 60 pounds now.
Wow.
Hey, I'm a girl!
That doesn't mean anything.
It's 2013.
Well, I mean, but for the most part, for people who don't know, I actually am working into powerlifting because I can't do heavy cardio because of bad joints.
God damn it, Code Man, stop setting off my Facebook.
But I actually do deadlifts, and I'm going to be starting bench pressing and doing other powerlifting, so that was a good question.
I do live lifts, like 30 pounds or 35 pounds of live person that I lift up on a daily basis.
I'm going to lift this question and throw it out of the show.
All right.
Renee, also from Koopa Club, wants to know, what's your favorite crepe?
Oh, my God.
Those crepes at the cute little place in Japantown.
There's this picture of me on Twitter with a spike from Game Buoy.
And look at the crepes.
Zoom in on the crepes in that picture because they're adorable.
There are crepes that are so cute.
You...
Almost feel bad for wanting to eat it, but you eat it anyway.
I will say, though, as far as savory crepes go, there's a place here in Sacramento called Crepeville that's downtown.
They have this curry crepe that's really good.
Danielle's Crepes in Sacramento.
I was pointing out to you on the way here.
Very, very good chicken crepes.
DeGenerate Johnny says, since Rob often asks this question to every guest on OLR, I'd like to know your answers to the question, what is your favorite game of all time?
Note, if you can't immediately name one game, the closest thing would be your favorite game from your favorite gaming genre.
As addressed earlier in this segment, Super Metroid.
DarkSakura?
Guardian Legend.
Valkyrie Profile.
Grand Theft Auto V.
Did you see the how-to basic video for how to install Grand Theft Auto V?
Then I watched all of his.
In fact, we were watching it at lunch.
I was showing my son those videos.
He's like, what's he doing?
That's awesome.
Fifth Dream says, for each member of the cast, if you could listen to only one album for the rest of your lives...
What would you pick?
Ooh, this is hard.
One album for the rest of your lives.
What would you pick?
Anyone?
That's easy.
Okay, Loki?
Well, just because I was listening to it for about a couple months already.
So, Onamonoguchi, Endless Fantasy.
Okay.
I'm not sure.
I think I know how I want to answer this, but I'm not sure.
I have, okay, it would be between, I can't narrow it down to one, so it would be between Tragic Kingdom by No Doubt or LCD Sound Systems.
Actually, I think it's going to be LCD Sound Systems' second album, Sound of Silver.
That would be my album.
Either it would be Alanis Morissette's Jagged Little Pill or Echo Image's CompuPhonic.
No, ABBA.
ABBA Gold.
ABBA Gold, I know, I know.
But it's only one album.
Only one.
I would, for me, I'd probably have to say Pearl Jam's 10.
Because honestly, that is one of the few albums I can listen to all the way through.
Or maybe, what was that Beatles album?
Because now I can see it in my head and I know the name of it.
Not...
Not Abbey Road, it was Revolver, Rubber Soul Rubber Soul, thank you I knew it was one of the R ones I love Revolver and Rubber Soul about equally But I used to own, actually I do again own a copy of Rubber Soul And it's my favorite Beatles album to this day Those were the transitional albums where they went from doing bubblegum pop To like the really weird metaphorical stuff Those were the, yeah Rubber Soul and Revolver both were such good albums
Now we have people in the chatroom giving their answers.
I like Teto's answer, Throwing Copper.
Reginator has a good one.
Metallica's Black Album was really good.
Ooh, Fifth Dream, The Cure with Wish.
Ooh, another good one.
Another good one.
Lots of good choices.
You know what I would pick for an album?
My iTunes library.
Depends how long I've been alive.
I mean, if we're talking like, you know, I've been alive for hundreds of years and probably Christmas speed, so I'd kill myself.
GamerGirl says, if Animal Crossing New Leaf really existed, what animal would you be and why?
I want to go last.
I'd be human.
Because I'm the main character.
And I'm the fucking mayor.
So fuck all of your animals.
I am not going to be a nice dog like what's his face in my town.
I'm going to hit Ed over the face with a bug net, kick that bitch out of my town, and run it for money.
Alan, you'd be the gay unicorn.
I'd be a
Kazelle.
Loki.
Poacher.
Which one's poacher?
A poacher, as in a hunter that kills the animals.
No.
And my answer is, I would be Tom Nook.
Now give me my money.
Fuck no, I have a gun.
I'm glad none of us said Sahara.
Because Sahara really likes carpet.
Is that the one that's like a boy in the Japanese version?
Gracie.
I would be Gracie, let's be real.
Sahara is the wallpaper and carpet merchant who comes and redoes your house with the most god-awful ugly shit ever that you pay 3,000 bills for.
Alright, we got four more on Facebook to get through here.
DJ Melvis, our good pal, says, It's you versus the Grin Reaper in a duel for your life.
You must choose three different games.
One 8-bit console game, one 16-bit console game, and one arcade game.
Open choice.
To have a score battle or timed run against him.
What you bring into the duel?
You got a throwdown with a Grim Reaper, an 8-bit game, a 16-bit game, and an arcade game.
What you bring into the duel?
Ooh, this is a toughie.
I know what my time run would be.
Okay.
I would actually break it into Super Mario Brothers, the first one.
I should not say that about Mario, too, because I'm really fast on speed runs for that game.
My score one would actually be Kirby's Avalanche on Super Nintendo.
Ooh, okay.
My arcade one would probably be the first Killer Instinct.
Wow.
I was really good at it.
Dang.
You didn't even get prepped on that question in advance.
Anybody else want to take a stab at this?
I don't even know.
Anything that I was super awesome at when I was like 12, I'm out of practice with, so I'd be screwed if that was the duel.
Gosh.
Tetris 8-bit game I would pick E.T.
because I was actually fairly decent at that You're going way before 8-bits That's like a 2-bit game Tetris is your 8-bit game Master System or Nintendo And then what's Super Nintendo?
I have lots of points.
Kirby's Superstar.
I dominate that game.
Arcade game.
Klax.
Arcade Game, Easy, DDR 8-bit game Anticipation 16-bit game
you know you think I would say Super Metroid but I think I'm actually going to go with like I'm going to go with Tetris Attack because it was basically Pokemon Puzzle League and I was pretty good at that Loki Dance Dance Revolution, Super Mario Kart and 8-bit that's kind of tough Mario is missing fuck I didn't even play that what the fuck did I play a lot of Contra?
Edgar R. asks, which video game had the worst ending?
Mass Effect 3, Mass Effect 3, Mass Effect 3.
No, because they actually fixed it and made it semi-decent, even if it wasn't great.
How about, like, go back to, like, you know, Ghouls and Ghosts, you know, where it was like, congratulations.
Or was it Ghosts and Goblins?
Excuse me.
You win.
You have to do it all again.
Oh, God.
What games had really crappy endings?
I don't know.
I mean, unless there's like the ones where you die at the end or some shit.
Super controversial.
Final Fantasy VII because shit was not finished.
Yeah.
If Final Fantasy VII had come out in the age of the internet, it would have been a Mass Effect 3 debacle.
It really would have.
I probably would actually say the original state of endings for Mass Effect 3.
I did go back and watch them.
I'm very glad I waited to beat the games when the extended cut came out.
Although I do have to say that I really hate that happy ending mod.
It just is not good.
It just doesn't even suit it.
All right, John R. says, Chrono Trigger greater than Metroid, less than Secret of Evermore.
Why fight it, Rob?
We're all right, even Bobby for once.
The only reason I read that and entertained it was the for once part because tee hee.
All right, DarkTetsuya asks, remember OLR presents The Hunt based on Loki's favorite novel, Ready Player One?
Can we find a way to do that again?
Maybe expand it beyond classic games to include more geeky stuff so more of our VOG peeps can participate.
All right,
That was kind of like a relay race type of thing using classic games, right?
Yeah.
Some modern games.
Yeah, it would be fun to do again.
You know, it would be really cool if we could, you know, because our website, VOG Network, is a social game after all, not to volunteer Bobby for projects because I know he's got his plate full already, but maybe in 2014 that could be some type of thing we look at doing.
That would be fun.
That would be fun.
I'd be down for it by that time maybe the movie will come out who knows I think it would be great especially if we could tie it into a charity thing like everybody has to pony up 10 bucks to participate and like you know half the pot goes to a prize maybe and the other half goes to charity or it all goes to a charity of the participants choosing or something like that I think it would be a really great thing
or it goes to the DarkSakura and needs a job fund.
That's not a registered charity.
Alright.
Oh my gosh.
I was going to see if there were any more questions because I thought I heard it beep a couple more times.
Where are we?
One more on Facebook.
Codeman wants to know, if you were to cosplay, what would you cosplay as?
What happens I cosplayed as?
What would you cosplay as now?
Actually, I can tell you what my next cosplay is going to be.
My friend, Chadi, who I think you might have met, we did a stupid online quiz for Homestuck about what would your god tier be, so we were going to just do our god tier outfits.
Which mine would be the Sylph of Heart.
I need to cosplay as Joker because I got the red beard to pull it off.
So I would think that would be a character I'd resemble pretty well that I could cosplay.
I found tutorials.
Talk to me later.
Yeah, I'll have to look into that.
Loki, Alan, any interest in cosplaying?
What would you cosplay as?
Um...
I don't know.
some sort of giant mech thing although then I'd have to learn how to walk on stilts and that sounds dangerous or get one of those costumes that's like the really realistic looking like raptor dinosaur thing because it'd be fun to run around with that shit and I just want that costume.
It's pretty sweet.
I have a better answer.
Okay.
Or a replacement answer.
Gender swapped ooh la la.
That would actually be really cool.
That's amazing.
I would cosplay as one of the other characters from Do you have like orange vinyl bell bottoms?
Yep.
That's amazing.
All right.
Travis over on Google+, the lone Google Plus respondent, says, Hey, Robin Gang, just finished Tomb Raider and was going to start on Deus Ex Human Revolution.
Was wondering what you all thought about each game.
Loved Tomb Raider.
Didn't get a chance to play Deus Ex Human Revolution yet.
You should download it quickly because it is free on the PlayStation Network right now.
Oh, is it?
PlayStation Plus, yes.
Thanks for the tip.
And Hitman.
I'll do that.
Hitman is one they just added, too.
I watched.
I think it was Tim Tripp was playing Hitman, the new one, and it looked pretty neat.
It looks like a game I would be terrible at And Jet Set Radio is on there free as well Good lord I was downloading Hitman today I'm playing Dota 2 right now, I suck at it, but I like it I know you, Rob, have been playing it What do you think about the learning curve of the game?
Are you having as much trouble as me?
Keep up the good work, love you guys Thank you, Travis Yes, I am having as much trouble as you You just have to kind of jump in there and do it I think that's the only way
The good news is Dota 2 has a very robust tutorial system.
I think don't be afraid to do the single lane match over against the bot over and over and over again because it'll help you find a character that you like.
Like I really learned like I do not like playing melee classes, but I like playing ranged classes.
One of the ones I really liked was The Lich because it's basically a parody of Arnold Schwarzenegger and Batman and Robin.
Yeah.
chill out everybody freeze like the lich is like that in Dota 2 this is my new favorite character so check that out alright there it is the end of Ask Orange Lounge wow that was lengthy tonight but lots of good questions how could we not do that alright let's do some stories mailbag a few of the week coming up and then twitter topics and the skype line at 1877 game OLR but we have some news first Loki
Game DVR for the Xbox One
I had to laugh.
So IGN did this Ask Microsoft Anything, you know, an AMA thing that they have on Reddit and stuff, except that none of the people that, you know, it says, I'm bringing you a handful of Ask Microsoft Anything answers each Monday at 2 p.m., blah, blah, blah.
But the people that, you know, participated on IGN didn't get to fucking answer any of those questions.
Or ask any of those questions.
It was all shit from IGN.
Probably, you know, stuff that Microsoft said, okay, here's what we're going to give you answers for.
So anyways, so one of those things about, you know, the game capture stuff.
They're saying, will Forza 5 clips capture at 1080p and 60 frames per second?
No.
and where can game DVR clips be uploaded to and they're saying game DVR clips capture beautiful 720p 30 frames per second video and I believe it's up to 5 minutes if that was correct one of the things that kind of sucks though is you have to have Xbox Live Gold in order to use that feature so they're locking it behind a paywall
And of course, in typical assembly fashion as of late, they responded back on Twitter.
And this is from Shuhei Yoshida, basically saying that, hey, guess what?
The PlayStation 4...
DVR function will record up to 15 minutes of gameplay in the background and won't be behind a paywall.
You do not need PlayStation Plus in order to access the game recordings or streaming functionality.
So, cool.
DarkSakura
DarkSakura.com
I think a lot of people are going to be getting the Xbox One probably already have Xbox Live Gold or will be getting Gold and also now that you only have to have one account per family that has Gold if you're gaming on one system that's not a huge deal but still though it does kind of suck that there's yet another feature behind a paywall.
Bungie
So Chris Butcher, who is a Bungie technical director, was asked in an interview with Edge about, you know, how are you going to address some of these aggressive behaviors people have?
And he's mentioning that the developers are talking about positive social behavior rewarding in these games.
Quote, if you look back at online multiplayer gaming for the last 10 years, the dominant threat has been adolescent males shooting each other in the face and squatting on each other's corpses.
At least they acknowledge it.
That emerges from design decisions.
The community gets attracted towards that, and that is popular to a lot of other people, and so it tends to exclude others.
What they're trying to do is they want to exclude certain in-game gestures and have the game mapping of in-game gestures like waving and dancing to encourage more collaboration and friendliness, less posturing and aggression.
Here's the other quote.
I don't think you can ever design toxic behavior out, but what you can do is prevent them being able to ruin other players' experiences.
You give people these tools that encourage them to interact positively with each other.
And then if someone is interacting negatively with you, well, they can't ruin your experience.
Now they can just dance on your corpse.
I know.
It seems a little bit naive to me for a company that's, you know, did... That's just like trying to like say, hey, we're giving you a game where you can draw things, but we're going to ban the dicks.
It's not going to happen.
You're just not...
If all you leave in is a little waving emote, people are going to figure out how to fist each other using the terrain.
That's just the thing.
That's what's going to happen.
It's going to be whacking off somebody.
Come on.
But we'll see.
You underestimate their ability to create lewd gestures.
But I do think rewarding good behavior is a good thing.
League of Legends does it, and it feels pretty good when I get the little karma point after a match because I was friendly to people.
I really wish WoW would implement a similar system.
So, you know, yeah, it would be cool if they would reward the good behavior in Destiny, but we'll see.
Just have it where if someone gets killed by somebody else and they try to squat on them, they get launched into space.
It would be funny.
That would be awesome.
And then people would do it on purpose to see what happens.
DarkSakura DarkSakura
There's an ad that Target put out that shows the PS Vita going for $200.
And basically there hasn't been a big announcement on anything like that.
Sony didn't say anything.
But it's in a Target ad and they have to get it from somewhere.
Basically this was shown on Blu-ray forums with them all being marked down to $199.99 at Target beginning August 18th through August 24th.
But there's been no confirmation.
I mean, this could have just been, you know, some sort of a photoshopping deal.
But looking at the image, you can see bleed through from the other side for the ads on the other side, which is a lot more effort to put into photoshopping than most people will do.
Also, considering where it's coming from, the Blu-ray forms, they're just looking at like Blu-ray, you know, discounts and stuff like that.
I don't think they're necessarily focusing on...
Gaming consoles.
I think if anything they're probably trying to clear out some inventory and move some of that product because they've been sitting on it for a while.
The first thing that I do when I see stuff like this is make sure that it's not a Photoshop job.
Also, there is a message from the article itself saying that Inside Gaming Daily reported speculation about doing a $500 Vita PS4 bundle.
Yeah, I don't think they'd do that.
Like I said, speculation.
But it would kind of go in if they did decrease the cost of the PS Vita.
Then that would make it easier to bundle with the system.
For $4.99?
Is that what they were saying?
Well, they were saying, yeah, $500 bundle.
But again, if you've got the system going up for $399 and then you threw in a $100 Vita and it competes with basically the X-Bone, you're actually getting a better deal with the PlayStation.
It better come with a Lamborghini and a Virgin Galactic space flight and a trip to Dubai.
Maybe not.
I mean, I would rather have a system with a handheld system than have to deal with the stupid Kinect bullshit.
Just saying.
It'd be nice if it was true.
I don't know if I'd want a $100 space flight.
That sounds kind of dangerous.
So Nintendo is fighting piracy.
And this is actually more of like legit piracy.
This is coming from a website.
Wait, wait, wait.
What is legit piracy?
Like making physical goods.
Like duplicating physical goods and stuff.
For example...
with an eyepatch on them.
They filed a lawsuit against a website called HackYourConsole.com and one of the things, you know, other than selling the R4 device and similar things, they also happen to sell hard drives that are preloaded with 200 Wii games.
Hmm, that sounds a...
Bit bad, you know, that's pretty clear-cut there.
So, yes, they've lost it against them, and most likely they're probably going to win.
Because, I mean, that's pretty clear-cut.
If they were just selling, like, you know, the R4 devices and stuff, I'd say that they may have, like, a little bit of a fight ahead of them.
But selling actual, you know, hard drives that are full of, you know, games, that's kind of bad.
Street Fighter V
and DarkSakura.com.
but here's the thing according to one of the producers at Capcom Tomoaki Ayano says that quote users do not need to worry because the characters will definitely not be just copy and pasted for Street Fighter X Tech and if we did that they would undoubtedly be the strongest characters in the game so these characters will be redone for Ultra Street Fighter 4 but what happens next?
It took six years to go from Street Fighter 2 to Street Fighter 3 and nine years to go from Street Fighter 3 to Street Fighter 4.
So it would probably take us until the year 2018 before Street Fighter 5 comes out.
So yes, no Street Fighter 5 until 2018.
But look forward to, insert adjective here, Street Fighter 4 each and every year until then.
Single adjective, please.
In 2018, I'll be turning 40 and that makes me sad.
And you'll be 42.
40 also, not 42.
But at least we'll have Street Fighter V at our birthday party to celebrate.
We can both be quiet.
I have three years for that shit.
That's right.
You forgot 40 and amazing.
O.L.R.
Hey kids, come listen to our super cool show about games.
I tried to play this Kinect shit and broke my hip.
All you guys listening, you're all getting older too.
We do have listeners that are older than us.
You guys will all be like 30.
My 30s are awesome, for the record.
All right, let's get to the mailbag.
Speaking of our listeners, we love to hear from our listeners.
No, we don't.
I mean, yeah, we do.
Shut up.
Of course we do.
We love to hear from our listeners every week.
And you can email us, mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
Dark Sakura will be peer pressured into reading her favorite emails here on the show.
Read the emails.
God dang, Rob.
Hi all, Raginator here.
Here's a last second short random question.
What is the worst game each of you have played and what qualifies said games as being the worst?
I can tell you one that was so bad that Dan and I took it back to Blockbuster and requested a refund.
That was like some wrestling game.
It was Thunder, like WCW Thunder.
This was when we were on a really big wrestling kick and it was just bad.
We were like, what the hell is this?
And also Spice World.
Fusion Frenzy 2 is the worst game in recent memory that I've played.
It was so fucking bad.
Yaris.
That was going to be my answer.
Me too, me too.
Fair enough.
Alright, that's it?
Yeah.
God, this is long.
With links to YouTube that I am not going to address because, first of all, can't watch YouTube on my iPad.
Thank you.
You can watch YouTube on your iPad.
Yes, I can, but not during the show.
All right, just to be clear.
Stop it.
This is from WellStillUT.
Greetings, OLR.
First off, I hope you guys enjoyed your week off.
I might have if I still had a job.
I know we can all use one.
Anyway, I thought I'd share some thoughts about Phil Fish's recent childish outburst.
First of all, I'm greatly disappointed that you guys didn't properly present Marcus Beer's complaint.
At least to me, he seemed more angry than Phil Fish and Jonathan Blow were acting as though being asked questions was some sort of unreasonable burden.
In case you haven't, Link...
I'd certainly love to see what Phil Fish and Jonathan Blow said to Game Informer leading up to this.
However, with only Marcus' initial rant and Fish's immature response, it just looks like a lot of grief could have been saved with more boilerplate noncommittal response.
Which leads me to my position.
Phil Fish cancelled Fez 2 and is leaving the game industry just because a few people called out his condescending nonsense.
Seriously, I'm some insignificant twit in Miami who gets worse every time he sends an email to the show saying something someone doesn't like, but do you see me pitching my skirt and running away?
No.
Only reason I haven't sent an email lately is because I've not had anything to say before this.
You ask me, Marcus is 100% right on this.
If you don't have anything to say, or you're looking for confirmation, you can say so.
If you...
You can give a rote we do not comment on rumors and speculation if you like.
However, unless you're going to do a massive TV and radio advertisement carpet bombing, it's not a good idea to treat the press like they're the worst thing that's ever existed.
If they're not asking anything personal or trying to create controversy for page hits, then treat them with the measure of respect that you want them to treat you, or more importantly, your game.
Honestly, I hope the press takes Marcus Spears' advice.
I hope Blow and Fish, especially Fish, have trouble for the rest of their careers finding press who want to endure their nonsensical whining because that's the only thing that hostile assholes deserve.
Unfortunately, I know that Fish will come back, probably with Kickstarter for Fez 2, and get his goal times a billion because misgamers stop thinking for themselves when words like innovation and independent are thrown about.
This is, of course, while many other developers in the year know struggle to gain any attention at all.
There truly is no justice in the world.
Anyway, I had a quick question unrelated to this nonsense.
Recently, Giant Bomb had a quick look of Dynasty Warriors 8, in which the only bit of information that could be gleaned from the entire hour they looked at it was that the Xbox 360 version was a poorly done port.
Why was there so little information for such a long video?
Because Jeff and Vinny were devoted to hammering the hit X joke into the ground and whining about how they hated the series as a whole.
Anyway, I've never played a Musou game before and was mainly scared off of them.
As it seems, many of the media outlets I frequent have the same attitude of dismissing the games at first glance.
Then you need to read Destructoid and Jim...
Jim Sterling, a huge fan of that.
See, some people... Sorry to interrupt, DarkSakura, but some people are here for that.
And I think either you're kind of like a fan of those types of games where it's... Some people get great pleasure out of button-mashing X and kill, kill, kill, die, die, die.
You just need to follow... See, that's the thing with reviewers.
You can't just take some anonymous reviewer's opinion for it.
You gotta look at what they like.
And if they like similar games that you like, then that's the reviewer you follow as far as whether you may like something that... If they...
That's stupid.
Um...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I'm not saying focus necessarily on just one but you do have to kind of you have to find those that kind of mesh well with your taste and I think like Loki said I don't know much about these Jim Sterling reviews but it sounds like if he's more of a fan of these maybe this is at least a good counterbalance to what you saw happen over on there's more in the email okay sorry there's a lot more in the email all right
However, I read a blog defending the series, and this was on Giant Bomb, and was immediately struck by the calm yet passionate defense of the series and the blogger's reactions for loving it as he does.
Intrigued by the case he made, I picked up Warriors Orochi 3 Hyper for Wii U as a sort of test for how I'd feel.
I ended up enjoying the game immensely and have since picked up Dynasty Warriors 8 for the PS3 and the original Warriors Orochi for 360, in addition to importing the PS3 version of Dynasty Warriors 7 Empires.
I think about this now against the current backdrop of people passionately tearing apart reviewers for having a less than positive opinion of Dragon's Crown to the point where Atlas had to defend controversial reviews.
By the way, my problem with Dragon's Crown is just the... I love and hate the art style in that game, and that's really what I hate.
Did you see the minigame where the girl's chained up and you can touch her and she squirms?
Yeah, I hate that.
Anyway, going onward.
While I don't like the game either after having played it, I can safely assume that were I on the fence, controversial ranting we're seeing now would not have driven me to try the way the game, the way the impassioned and mature defensive dynasty warriors I mentioned earlier had moved me.
With that in mind, here's my inquiry.
I thought it was a short question.
Okay.
I'm sorry, RawStillUT.
I actually really like your emails because of how well written they are and just how well you lay out your ideas.
You know what?
I do appreciate that he does come back when he's got something to say.
Yes.
With that in mind, here's my inquiry.
Uh-oh, I need to make sure I don't get kicked out of chat.
Oops.
Okay.
First, why does defending something often turn into attacks on disagreeing reviewers despite it being counterproductive to the apparent goal of winning over the indecisive?
Well, to go on that first, I mean, look at freaking politics.
Oh God, yes.
I think that's more human nature.
That's not something specific to gaming.
That's human nature.
Yeah, that's human nature.
My way or the highway.
And as I mentioned in part A, people actually do get a positive chemical response from having other people agree with them.
And by presenting their own information, I think it's a dopamine response where people actually feel better attacking something that's outside their scope of understanding.
It feels good to be validated and affirmated?
Get out.
I understand.
But for some people, they actually take that aggression side of it and get kind of an adrenaline rush off of it.
You know, you get into that, especially the more passionate you feel about something, you stop really caring about what other people think.
Your idea or nothing.
And you do get an emotional rush out of it.
So it really is just basic biochemistry and psychology.
Anybody else want to expand?
Nah, go ahead, because I know there's at least a couple more.
Second, have you ever been moved by an unpopular game's defenders to give said game a chance?
Mass Effect.
Yeah, Mass Effect is a good example.
I mean, it wasn't unpopular, but a lot of people, I wasn't going to give it a chance.
Well, at the time, remember, we got into it right when Mass Effect 3 had first come out.
Exactly.
There was all that ending wank, so I don't know about the unpopular part.
Well, God, even just this week,
I gave Team Fortress 2 a try.
I didn't think I'd like it, but Actdeft was like, no, you gotta try, you gotta try.
I think it's a massively unpopular game.
Yeah, that's true.
I guess Team Fortress isn't really unpopular either.
Well, God, what about the music games we used to play for years?
I don't think those cracked into the mainstream.
Well, and I actually liked Kraken DJ for a while.
I thought that was fun.
And a lot of people were like, eh.
I know that there were others because, like, some of the weirder treasure games that people were kind of poo-pooing on I thought were great.
You know, like, I liked Chameleon Twist.
I liked Mischief Makers.
Those were fun games.
You know?
Anything?
Okay.
Anyway, keep up the good work, guys.
I look forward to your response.
Regards, RawsteelUT.
Okay.
Alright.
Two more to go.
Alright.
Dearest denizens of Podcastopia, so I got a summons for jury duty for next week.
I'm sorry.
I didn't know on what day this week I will have to drag my happy ass out of bed to be at the courthouse at 8am to do my civic duty, but I do know that day is not Monday.
This gives me at least one day to download a game off PSN to play on my Vita.
What should I get?
Preferably, I'd like something that won't make a lot of noise but will require me to make a lot of movements that look vaguely threatening to old people.
Stay black, Red Entertainment, Trainer.
Gaming during jury duty is great.
There is going to be long periods of waiting.
and you know what?
You know the Sacramento Courthouse that make you turn off all your devices.
What?
When you're in the selection.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But I mean like while you're waiting in the jury hall, while you're waiting in the hallway.
I have always spent more time in the stupid jury selection than I have ever in the lines.
So any suggestions for Vita games that make you look vaguely spasmodic?
Not that don't involve Kinect.
Katamari!
Katamari!
LittleBigPlanet maybe I can't recommend this because the game is bad but a fighting game involves Capcom X Tekken so that'll be mashing the buttons and looking mean
I definitely see looks of frustration in playing that, so that makes sense.
So we do have one last email.
Hey, OLR crew, AZHP here.
I never asked, is it AzHP or AZHP?
I think it's AZHP, because I thought the HP was Harry Potter.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
The vibe we got from the convention was super positive.
The game room was lots of fun.
I got to play the Japanese version of Project Diva F, the Saturn version of Puzzle Bobble, and typing of the Dead on Dreamcast.
I was actually surprised there weren't that many furries at the convention, given that I know a lot of gamers are also furries.
There were a couple, because they were even advertising a furry con that's coming up, had one of the booths.
So, you know, hey, whatever you like, as long as it's, you know, consensual.
I unfortunately wasn't able to stay late enough to catch the podcast panel.
I definitely regret missing my chance to say hi to Rob.
Squinty face.
As you should.
Anyway, I definitely recommend people check it out.
It's definitely a fun experience.
Well, definitely.
Lots of definitely's there.
Check it out again next year if it's in San Francisco again.
Yours truly is HP.
P.S.
If you guys are interested, here's a picture of the Zelda costume my girlfriend wore.
I actually looked at the picture and I saw her which must have mean I saw you at some point and I was like wow that is fucking good so feel free to link in the chat I helped make the harp so it was cool hearing people compliment it at the convention so I'm pulling it up very nice yeah it was very good yeah if you can put that in chat I'm sure the chatters like to see that very well done
I think, yeah, I saw her in the gaming room playing one of the dancing games.
Yeah, yeah.
All right, well, I'm going to copy this if I didn't actually close the window.
All right, that's it for emails tonight, right?
Mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
We're almost to 9 o'clock, so let's try to jam through the rest of this pretty quick because I do want to get in some calls.
So we're going to go to the FUs of the week.
DarkSakura.
I was debating whether or not I wanted to say their name on air, but I'm going to.
So, F you to Bonnie Plumbing, Heating, and Air for giving indications of being the type of hypocritical conservative Christians that I personally do not like.
Allegedly.
And you're Loki.
Oh, and my battery.
F you to my car for I'm not really sure what it's doing but whenever I turn all the way to the right my radio shuts off.
That's weird.
Yeah.
That's a little creepy.
F you to this fucking con plague I've been carrying since Tuesday and F you to Extifer who allegedly gave it to me.
Allegedly.
Alan.
F you to the associated dental issues that someone can get when they're in their 30s and also F you to the fact that I think Sanrio
I wonder why she would have chewed that
It's weird.
I'm going to have to buy a new headset.
It's like $40 that I don't have.
Alright, there it is.
You have Fuse of the Week.
Loki.
Alright.
So more Xbox One news.
This is once again something else that they've kind of changed their mind on.
and that was the whole inclusion of a chat headset with the Xbox One.
Yes, the Xbox One Day One Edition will come with a chat headset.
So, it'll be very much like it was with the Xbox 360.
Originally, they were planning not to include one of those and you'd have to buy it separately.
So, good to know you're getting some more value for your $500.
Hooray!
I guess a lot of people are very excited about that.
More value is good.
And also, hooray, I want to end on a positive note tonight because unfortunately a lot of times we have to talk about gaming studios that are closing and people that are out of a job, but tonight we get to say hooray!
In Vancouver, Namco Bandai is opening a new office and it's going to be dedicated to mobile and online titles, but about 30 people working there in Vancouver are
making these titles.
No word, of course, on what those games are, but yay.
And since this is a Namco story, can I say something real quick?
Please do.
They're talking about this in chat.
Pac-Man Champion Edition DX is coming to Steam with its DX Plus version.
Out of respect for DarkSakura, I will say I purchased early, purchased in advance.
I did not pre-purchase because that's not a thing.
I purchased early the game.
Oh, stop feeding her.
Okay.
Alan is perfectly right.
If you purchase early, because it's not going to be playable until September 24th, and they took my $9.99.
So if you purchase early, you'll get what I think is going to be a DLC pack.
It's extra songs, extra maps, and you can play as the little Dig Dug avatar.
I thought some of that was supposed to be part of it anyway.
And a little race car avatar.
Well it says Actdeft in chat pasted the Steam link and it'll say purchase now and you'll get all this crap.
So new Pac-Man or Pac-Man DX is such an amazing game.
Yeah it is a great Pac-Man game.
It's coming to Steam.
All right.
We're going to open up the phones now.
It's that time.
1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio, if you want to give us a call and talk with us about anything we've talked about tonight.
Or maybe you have something that we didn't cover that you want to talk about.
But...
There it is.
The phones are open.
1-877-GAME-OLR or username on Skype.
Orange Lounge Radio.
I saw at least one tweet come through that I want to get to here quickly.
Otherwise, do we have any last-minute stories?
Loki, DarkSakura?
Yeah, I can talk real quick about... They announced... Well, I knew about them, but...
Wreck-It-Ralph
They're going to have the Phineas and Ferb, or Phineas and Agent P And then of course, like I said, Wreck-It Ralph, Vanellope And then kind of some one-offs, they have Rapunzel from Tangled, Jack Skellington, and Mickey from Fantasia We actually have a call on the line, you can probably hear the coffee in the background We have a call on the line, hi, you're on Orange Sons Radio, who's this?
Hello, it's Codeman.
Hey Codeman, how you doing?
Sorry for the Facebook sounds, Rob.
You better be.
I guess I can forgive.
Was that you coughing?
Do what?
Was that you coughing?
Or was that the little one?
Oh no, she's asleep.
Oh, okay.
Well, what's up?
Oh no, I was just wanting to know if everyone's excited about August 13th.
I am totally jazzed about Tuesday.
and why why is this Disney Infinity or what is it that you're excited about?
DuckTales isn't it?
Oh DuckTales.
DuckTales Remastered.
Oh yes yes I am excited about that yes so excited I forgot the day.
Well and like what I was just so fan I mean I was just amazed about like they brought back every single voice actor yes that has ever played in the DuckTales series and and
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
But, I mean, I'm excited, so excited about the game.
How do you guys feel about the game?
Obviously, you're probably pretty excited about it.
Yes, I will definitely be picking it up, but even I can't decide what platform do I get it on.
Because I could do PC, I could do Wii U, because, you know, it's kind of the newest thing out there.
I could get PlayStation 3, because, you know, trophies or whatever.
Xbox 360s, where a lot of my friends will probably be.
I don't know.
I don't know what system to get it on.
Have you decided?
No.
Um, unfortunately, I don't think they're releasing it for the Mac, so I can't get it on Steam, but I can, I think I'm going to be picking it up on the Wii U. And why is that?
Well, because, I don't know, it's just nostalgic of, like, it being on Nintendo, like, when I used to play it when I was a kid, and so, like, I feel like I should play it on a Nintendo console.
It sounds stupid, but, I don't know, I just feel like I should play it on a Nintendo console.
Okay, fair enough.
I think I might end up getting it on Wii U, because at least it does have the off-screen play, which, you know, as little as it is, it is something the other platforms don't get.
And I think Xbox 360 is delayed anyway, so that's out.
Sorry.
Yeah, I think it's September... I could be wrong, but I think it's September 13th or 14th, but I could be wrong.
It's not a part of their ongoing promotion, so they kind of screwed up on that one, in my opinion.
I am, that's what I enjoy about the whole Earthbound thing is, you know, because my wife, you know, she might want to watch Hulu or Netflix or something and I could just sit here on my Wii U tablet and play Earthbound all night.
So that was really cool.
Oh, Nintendo wants you to sell some Wii U's.
That's exactly what they want to hear.
No, I love that about that console.
And then, you know, I picked up, you know, Metroid, you know, and all that stuff.
And so, like, I can just sit there on my, you know, tablet and play that.
So that's really cool.
Excellent.
Well, anything else you're looking forward to over these coming weeks?
Um, well, I mean, not really.
I mean, I'm going to be playing the hell out of DuckTales, so that's probably the only thing I'm going to be playing for a while.
I've been playing Don't Starve for, it has stolen my life.
It literally has, I mean, that game, I don't know if you've played it yet.
I haven't, not yet, but tell the listeners more about it for those that don't know, because you have been trying to get me in on this game.
Well, Don't Starve is basically a roguelike game.
I mean, you start out at day one.
It is the title.
I mean, you're basically trying to survive, and you just continue on and on and on, and you go through all the seasons.
You start out in spring.
Well, actually, I think you start in the summer, and then you go into the spring, and then you go into the winter, and then everything has everything to do with, like, you have to build...
Thanks for watching!
Day 34 or something in the winter and I just ran out of food because nothing grows in the winter and then I died at Day 34 and it just starts you back at Day 1 with nothing.
I haven't played a roguelike game in forever so it's very frustrating but it's a very fun game and I would suggest anybody on Steam to buy it and play the hell out of it.
I think it's $14.99 and that's everything.
They update it
Thanks for calling in.
Do you have anything you need to plug?
Want to plug before we get out?
No, not really.
I mean, we still have our podcast.
We still do it from time to time.
We've mostly moved to YouTube.
We do Google Hangouts, but it's the YouTube.com backslash the Down for Maintenance podcast.
Well, I think it's like the DFM podcast, but you can look us up on YouTube.
And then I have a YouTube channel, but I mean...
It's really hard to remember.
I mean, it's youtube.com backslash ctaylor1785 because YouTube won't let me change it.
Dope.
But yeah, you should do more Let's Plays, Rob.
You know, I was gifted by a kind listener another scary game called Paranormal, and that is up on the list of things I need to play, too.
Holy crap, that game is fantastic.
I hate it and love it all at the same time.
I'm not sure if I'm looking forward to it.
All right, Codeman, I'm going to let you go, buddy.
All right, well, I'll talk to you guys later.
All right, take care.
All right, bye.
Bye.
All right, and our phones are lighting up.
We got another call coming in right now, so let's go to the phones.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
This is Shane.
Hey, Shane, how you doing?
I'm hot.
It's like really hot here right now.
Isn't it like... You should come to California.
Isn't it hotter there?
Yeah, probably.
But not at night, so come here.
Yeah, maybe.
We're not Phoenix or anything, and it's a dry read.
Phoenix is terrible.
It is terrible.
What's up?
Um, Pokemon.
Oh, did you hear my little dedication to you earlier?
Yeah, I take some issues with that dedication.
Why?
Well, first of all, you ended it too quick.
Like, there's never enough time to talk about Pokemon.
Like, okay, for example, my job today, I had a demo, and I was demoing the new Mario and Luigi game, and all the people that showed up pretty much just wanted to talk Pokemon with me, which I was fine with.
That was fun.
Way more fun than demoing a game.
But, yeah, like...
I don't like the thought that it should have stopped after 151 Pokemon.
Sorry, Jamie.
Just because that would have been boring.
You have to keep the series going, and if you only had the same 151, we're like 15 years now or something like that since they first came out.
That would have been terrible.
So yeah, we're at 649 plus whatever new ones are in here.
But it's still really fun.
And these mega evolutions, like the new trailer that was posted is awesome.
And it reminds me of Power Rangers.
So I am on board.
Wait a minute.
100% on board.
Wait a minute, because the other night you said, I don't know.
I know, but then they put a trailer that made it look like Power Rangers to me.
And that is all you need to do.
If there's more blue in the trailer and maybe some Taco Bell, which I'm still kind of boycotting.
um wait you're boycotting Taco Bell yes they got rid of some stuff I liked oh that's right they got rid of the volcano stuff I forgot yeah and I really like that conversation the other night uh Fifth Dream in our chat room with a question for Shane hey they don't ask us questions anymore they ask the callers questions Fifth Dream wants to know Shane did you watch any of the Pokemon championships yes and I didn't want to I was just really bored I was like okay this will be fun and that's my sarcastic voice so I put it on it was so fun
It was really fun to watch.
And I watched some of the finals today before work, and I was getting excited, and there was no reason to.
And I feel like it was when I liked basketball, when the NCAA tournament was going on.
I just got sucked in, and it was amazing.
and what what what was it the Pokemon card game or was it the um they had the card game later today which I was at work for so I couldn't watch that it was the actual like video games wow and Nintendo let him stream it well because it's Nintendo sponsored me and my friend Danny we want to go to next year's championships it's in DC this year was in Vancouver
but like they get all sorts of cool stuff they have all this merchandise and like things that you won't find anywhere else just at the world championships and like today or yesterday they announced a new mega evolution and that they haven't put out anywhere else and they announced that they're gonna have a soundtrack out on iTunes this November for X and Y that's gonna have 220 tracks good lord yeah that's ridiculous
Oh my gosh.
And I will have it day one.
So what's the countdown to X and Y at this point?
How many days left?
It's like almost exactly two months.
Tomorrow will be two months.
But for me, I don't know because I'll get it early.
So sucks to be everybody else.
Rub it in.
But at least you have Final Fantasy XIV to hold you over, right?
Yes, yes.
And I learned today 100% because they put some sort of graph out that if I get the PS3 collector's edition, which I'm getting through Amazon because I had gift cards, so it's fully paid off and I apply it to my current PC account, I will be able to play on both for the free 30 days.
And because I'm an old player, my 30 days won't kick in until September 10th.
So I'll have
from the 24th of August till September 10th, not paying anything, and then September 11th for the next 30 days for free as well.
There you go.
And you get all that Collector's Edition crap that you don't need.
Don't need?
that's rude what's in there that you need?
the book, the art book is going to be fantastic the baby soundtrack because the other soundtrack is just way too expensive and I don't have anything that can play it except for a PS3 even though I want the little pet and the box that's acceptable to say, right?
because the box looks cool alright, fair enough exactly alright Shane, anything else before we let you go?
everybody should watch that new trailer it has like rock music that plays during it and it's like remixed I think of a gym theme and seriously if it doesn't remind you of Power Rangers which is what I'm seeing from everybody's comments everywhere on the internet that I'm looking right now you're crazy because the end with the five of them lined up and their mega evolutions it's totally Power Rangers it's awesome alright anything you want to plug while you're here on the show
um well I just played Pokemon X and Y and we talked about Final Fantasy 14 um yes sure apparently there's a really cool Konami game in Japan called Sound Voltex and I've watched videos and it's awesome somebody I guess cracked it so you can play on your PC and there are websites now building controllers for the Sound Voltex game that you can buy that you'd be able to hook up to your PC and play it and that game is so cool looking you need to link me this
I need to get a link to sound Voltex or for the controller?
The controller is like 300 and some dollars for some reason.
I can link you the gameplay.
It's amazing.
We'll talk on Facebook.
How about that?
All right.
Get on the case, Nancy Drew.
My name is Shane.
All right.
Bye, Shane.
Bye.
1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
I'm going to some tweets real quick.
I'm going to do these pretty quick here because we're running kind of late tonight.
DarkTetsuya sends the show a tweet that says, Hey, just to note, the latest version of Super Mario Crossover or 3.0 is now out and it's available at ExplodingRabbit.com.
Did they do a Kickstarter for that one?
No, they did a Kickstarter for their game that's not quite that game, but all the characters changed to slightly renamed and their own original levels.
Got it, got it.
Actdeft says the King of Fighters 13 Steam Edition trailer was leaked in the Steam store and removed.
So King of Fighters 13 probably coming to Steam at some point.
TigerClaw sent us a tweet Imagi Studios originally was going to make a Legend of Zelda movie check out the short movie pitch video and he linked us to YouTube I actually did see this earlier in the week and it did look pretty cool although there was no I don't believe there was any voices in it but it did it looked interesting but you know Nintendo is crazy possessive over their IPs ever since that Super Mario Brothers movie was a stink bomb so I'm not surprised they didn't get to go forward with it but it sure made a great little YouTube to look at
Did you guys see that at all?
The little concept, the Zelda pitch?
No.
No, it was neat.
All right, I'll give it one more minute to see if anybody's going to call in, but if not, we'll close up shop.
1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
Anybody else have a last-minute story for us tonight?
Well, actually, not necessarily a story, but I'm going to start making my 3DS cases.
Oh, yeah?
And put them available to sell before too long.
Is that an Etsy thing?
I might do it on Etsy.
Either that or Store Envy.
I'm still deciding.
And why would somebody want a 3DS case from DarkSakura?
Because they are well-made and protect your system a lot better than those flip-open cases do.
Fair enough.
All right, we do have one more call coming in.
This will probably be the last one for tonight, so let's go to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hello, it's Orange Lounge Radio.
Hello.
Hi.
Who's this?
Hey, this is Actdeft.
Hey, Actdeft, and we see you.
It's a video call.
Hello.
Is that a My Little Pony?
No, it's a Pokemon.
Oh, it's a Pokemon.
Uh-oh, Shane's going to kill me for that one, too.
You know, I need to get my plus and minus ones back from Julie and send them to Shane.
Which Pokemon is that?
It's the Pokemon Black and White Legendary Rush Around Oh, okay, alright It's a Loki doll, so yeah So did you just call in tonight to show off your plushie?
Not really, I want to talk about Pac-Man CDX Plus Ah, the game that Alan was talking about earlier, right?
Yeah, I'm pretty excited about it because I'm a fan of Pac-Man C or Championship Edition.
I played the hell out of it.
I even got in the tops, way in the beginning when it was released, I was in the top 40 scores of that game.
Holy crap.
Yeah, like I said, I played it a lot, like a freaking lot.
So I'm pretty excited to have or at least being able to play DX because what I have seen about it, it seems pretty damn cool.
And mostly the reason, I haven't even been able to play it.
It's because it's not available in Mexico for some reason.
I don't know why.
So I'm pretty stoked that it's coming to Steam.
Even since the announcement, it was a few months ago.
I don't remember when exactly.
But I'm pretty excited to see it now being able to purchase ahead.
Not to say pre-purchase or pre-order.
You got everybody trained, DarkSakura.
What?
He took great care to make sure he said purchase ahead and not pre-purchase.
Yes, which is how it should be because it's wrong to put unnecessary prefix.
Didn't you listen to George Carlin?
Jeez, Rob.
How dare I speak up.
The only sad part is that we have to wait at least one month and a half to be able to play it since it releases on the 25th
So yeah, but the extra content will be pretty good too.
The Ralliac skin, the Dick Duck skin.
There's even old school Pac-Man skin, so that's going to be pretty cool.
I just love that this game is how old and they're still supporting it.
Like, this was really a pleasant surprise because it was at the point where the game was given...
All right.
Well, anything else you're looking forward to this year?
Well, mostly this coming week, DuckTales, and everyone else.
I bet Codeman's happy to hear that.
What system are you getting DuckTales on?
Most possibly Steam, but I'm still debating on it.
Okay.
But yeah.
Very cool.
All right, well, Actdeft, we're going to let you go so we can wrap up the show, but thank you and your little Pokemon there for calling in, who's waving goodbye.
Adorable.
Bye.
All right, bye, Actdeft.
Thanks for the call.
We love the video calls.
Take care.
Alright, that's gonna do it.
Shane never answered my question.
What was the question?
I was gonna see if he wanted my giant Togepi.
He probably turned the show off, so don't give it to him.
But you know what?
What?
Did I tell you how I got my giant Togepi?
I got held up at gunpoint working at GNC.
Oh god, yeah, I did.
That's a horrible story.
And I found $10 in the parking lot outside Toys R Us.
And I went in and I used it to buy myself a giant Togepi.
The $20 Togepi.
You earned it.
And so my giant Togepi was like my comfort creature thing.
And my Charmander pillow.
Well, we have to wrap up the show, guys.
It's about that time.
We're running a little long tonight, and Alan and I still have errands to run after the show.
So we're going to wrap up the show.
I want to start with Alan tonight.
Thank you very much for being here tonight.
Really appreciate you being on the show and lending your wit and so forth.
Don't be a stranger.
You know, you only live here.
So do you have any final thoughts for our listeners tonight?
If I can get my headset replaced, I might start doing like an achievement run in Half-Life for Twitch TV.
Fun.
You think it's time to go wireless?
I don't know.
I've had bad experiences with wireless.
Do you have like a Twitter you want to plug or anything you want to plug if people want to get your wit online?
Because you are really funny.
I actually am on Twitter a lot now.
I finally got Twitter to like how it works.
I always just ignore it.
It's at salacious underscore pop.
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
no, not really alright, and I will say my final thought tonight is I better be over this damn cold tomorrow because I need to get back to work, I have a ton of work to catch up on from being sick for two days and so this con play can kiss my ass DarkSakura, your final thought tonight I want a house and a job probably in that order in that order
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
you know what they need to start paying advertising on this program for us to keep talking about them alright in all seriousness thank you for staying with our show tonight and listening to the show after a week off we really appreciate you sticking with us and supporting independent broadcasting and if for whatever reason you listened to this entire show and you thought it was terrible
Hey, that's okay.
Just all we ask is find another great independent podcast producer and support that.
Support all of our independent podcast friends.
And if you do like Orange Launch Radio and you did like what you hear, help spread the word.
Tell a friend or five about the show and spread the word about Orange Launch Radio and help us grow our little family.
In the meantime, we will be back next week, same time and same place to do it all over again.
with DuckTales coming out this week and Disney Infinity next Sunday.
I'm sure there'll be plenty of new stuff to talk about.
Oh, I'll probably have Saints Row by then.
Final Fantasy 14 beta as well.
There'll be lots and lots of stuff next week.
So do join us again next week.
You guys, thank you very much for tuning in.
Have a wonderful week.
Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune in to VOGnetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week!
