Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki!
Tonight, we look back on this year's E3, from the remakes to the holograms and the kickstarters to the 2014 announcement updates.
Good time to be a gamer. Your thoughts and assessments of the show up next on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 602 for this, June the 21st of 2015.
We're here to talk about video games, gaming culture, the gamer lifestyle, and of course this week, the big video game Christmas event of the year, E3.
We're going to talk about all that tonight with us here in studio. My name is Rob Roberts, but you might know me as Skie on Twitter, S-K-I-E.
With me as always, my co-hosts. Say hello first off to DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
Roar.
Roar! How you doing, Jamie?
I'm tired.
Yeah, a little tired?
A little. It's been an interesting month.
This is...
And not in a good way.
Yeah, I know you've had a lot of ups and downs this month, but I'm hoping maybe you still got another week left, so maybe there'll be a lot of ups to help balance things.
Also, there are no tacos here.
There are no tacos here. That's very sad.
I may have to rectify that.
And even the place across the street closed, if you can believe it. Not the one you always go to.
Oh my god, I was going to say.
No, they changed their sign. They're probably reveling. There's, without trying to give my address away, obviously, there's like two taco places that used to be right outside the neighborhood on the main strip.
So one of them closed, and I think the other one is relishing in their victory...
The former Adalbertos.
Yes, by...
It's no longer called that.
Getting a new sign.
It's still there.
Anyway. Again, without giving away where I live.
Well, it's because I said the former.
I know. Anyway.
I'm going to go get a taco.
You want tacos?
Maybe.
But it's such a big gaming week, Dark Soccer. We got to talk about what's all gone down.
Someone go get me a taco.
Alright, well, while Dark Soccer contemplates how she's going to survive tonight without a taco, let's also say hello to Techmaster Loki.
I almost got burgers today, but I didn't.
I wasn't hungry at the time, and then I got a milkshake and I drank that on the way here.
I didn't see you walk in with food.
No, because I went to In-N-Out again, and they're like, you sure you don't want a burger?
I'm like, no.
And then I was thinking about sitting there, and I'm like, you know what, their burgers do sound pretty good.
But I'm like, nah, I don't need a burger. I'm not that hungry.
And then I drove past Carl June's, and I'm like, maybe I should stop and get a burger.
Nah, I'm just going to keep going.
We do tape live, of course, every Sunday night at the voice of geeks network at vog network dot com.
Every Sunday at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And if you are listening live, of course you should join our chat room over at live dot vog network dot com.
Where an incredible man says, Loki isn't eating? OMG.
No, it's because I ate before I left.
He doesn't eat two dinners, people.
I cooked like Ritz cracker chicken, so I made that, and I had that with really garlicky potatoes.
So that was kind of like a late lunch, and I just didn't bother to get dinner because I wasn't that hungry yet.
Now you're making me hungry.
We've got so much to cover tonight. Obviously this is the big E3 week.
The big E3 expo happened at the LA Convention Center this past week.
Didn't go this year. I've been to a few of them. I think I've been to six.
I got to that point where I lost count. I know I'm sounding so spoiled, I'm sorry.
But I've kind of been on and off since 2004 was my first show.
So I think I've been to about six of them.
And didn't go this year just because, you know, when you're there, it's a lot of lines, you know,
to play things that are being streamed on the internet these days anyway.
And, you know, you see a lot basically on the internet that you get appointments to go see when you're at E3.
So unless I can actually talk to people and put a microphone in front of them and ask some, you know,
questions that, you know, get them to deviate from the script, maybe a little bit,
E3 I don't think is totally, totally worth the week off my day job that actually pays the bills to get down there.
But that doesn't mean that the show itself wasn't exciting and we got a lot of news out of it.
And I don't know about you guys, I know every year there's always this talk about who won E3
and let's give letter grades to all the press conferences and all this stuff.
And I'm kind of like, this year, I really think gamers won.
There's a lot to be excited about.
I think there's a lot to be excited about in 2016 and beyond.
I think there's a lot of focus on what's happening a year from now
and maybe a less focus on what's happening this holiday season.
Except for Microsoft, I'll give them credit.
I think Microsoft laid a pretty good picture about what to expect from them this holiday season.
Although still most of it's going to be Gamescom, which is kind of disappointing.
That's true. I mean, well, and maybe this speaks to, and I'm sitting here going,
you know, E3 is cool and all and I still, you know, we get a lot of good announcements from it,
but I feel like it's not the big, big thing it used to be.
And maybe that's what's happening, Loki, is things are starting to spread out
and we get more at PAX, we get more at Gamescom,
we get more direct through the internet, through Nintendo Directs and PlayStation blogs.
We're going to go through the different press conferences and give our reactions here in a minute
and invite your feedback over at live.vognetwork.com
and when we get into the phone lines a little later.
But I already know one thing you're all thinking about is Nintendo
and the fact that their press conference got a mixed reaction.
I think Sony and Microsoft got mostly positive
and there's always going to be somebody who says, no, it was bad or no, it was good.
I'm just, just my unscientific analysis of what I'm seeing on Twitter
is that Nintendo and Sony, or excuse me, Sony and Microsoft were mostly positive.
Nintendo got a little bit of mixed and we'll talk about why in a little bit.
And, you know, again, I'm trying not to be shady because I think there's some,
some really good exciting things about Nintendo as well.
But some of that was a little bit, you know, mixed from Nintendo.
And part of that was that they didn't really announce a lot of new stuff this year.
So it was more focusing on things they'd already announced last year.
That is a whole, that is a whole bunch of horseshit right there.
They announced a ton of things.
And by a ton of things, I mean amiibos.
They announced a ton of amiibos.
So if you want your new amiibos, they've got plenty of new amiibos for you.
Oh, games, oh yeah, fuck that.
But anyway, as far as Nintendo goes, I have some friends that are very like,
Nintendo till I die, like I'm always going to stand for them and, you know, defend them.
And a lot of the big quote unquote defense I was seeing at any of the negativity being thrown at Nintendo was,
well, Nintendo does directs all year long, so they didn't need to have a good E3
because they always give us news every month.
Why do a direct to the E3 then if you do directs all year long and you're not going to do that?
And I swear, I'm like, okay, I love that you love Nintendo, but two things just happened there.
One, you just admitted that they didn't do a good job because you're deflecting to all these other things
that happen throughout the year.
And two, is that like the other companies don't do the same thing.
I mean, Sony has their blog. They announce things through their blog pretty frequently.
And they even had their own little expo last year.
Microsoft certainly shows up at other shows.
They do their, you know, consumer electronics show.
They tend to have a little bigger deal there than anybody else.
You know, the other companies do their announcements throughout the year as well.
Nintendo's difference is that they tend to usually take their case direct,
hence the word Nintendo, direct to the consumer.
But anyway, I don't want to make it sound like I'm totally unfavorable for Nintendo because I'm not.
Again, I stick by what I said.
I think there's a lot of positive things come out of the entire expo.
Could they have done a little better? Maybe.
But we'll cross that bridge a little later.
And I'm sure some of you in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com
have some very strong opinions on that.
We'll get into that in a minute.
However, I thought I'd start off.
We always do a little kickoff topic here in studio before we get into the news.
And since E3 is on everybody's minds, I thought I would ask, go around,
trying to keep it positive to start because you're going to get enough of those cynical gamers, you know, feedback.
You're going to get enough of that all around the internet.
We've already seen enough of it during E3.
So keeping it positive, I just want to know.
I'm going to ask my co-host here, and I'll open it up to the chatters as well.
What's one thing you saw during E3 this year that got you the most excited, probably above anything else?
What was the thing about E3 that got you like, yes, or whatever your excitable equivalent is?
Dark Soccer, I'll start with you. Ladies first.
Watching that bitch die again.
Because I thought about this, while the game may not follow the same route,
they would negate a lot of other franchises involved with it by not killing the bitch.
And obviously you're talking about the Final Fantasy VII remake.
If you're new to the show and you don't know about Dark Soccer's...
Loathing.
Loathing hatred of Aeris or Aerith, depending on your country.
From Final Fantasy VII.
So Dark Soccer though, even though you hate her with a passion,
you still are excited for the Final Fantasy VII remake because you just want to see her die again and again.
In high definition, glorious, wide screen, HD, M rating.
I want there to be blood mode.
A blood code for Aerith?
And you know what, the character is not a bad character, but she is.
She's just, she's an excuse.
Her whole existence in that game was to be the character that one feels sorry for.
The, oh she's so sweet and perfect and lovely, oh she's dead, tragic death.
That's her whole purpose.
And I was bound and determined not to feel any sadness over the character.
Because I knew it was a trope when I saw her from the beginning of the game.
Other than that, I also don't like that she was a big man stealer, you know, using Cloud as a rebound boy.
Now see, when I first played Final Fantasy VII, I didn't have the internet or any of that stuff, you know, as most of us didn't at that time.
So I was spoiler free going into playing Final Fantasy VII and I was pissed off because I used Aerith as a healer in my party.
And so when she got killed, it was like, really? Really? She ain't coming back? I leveled her for what? I was mad. I was so mad.
I leveled her because Great Gospel was pretty, and then I was done.
Wow, I got her level 4 limit break first. That's pretty awesome. Wow. Way before everybody else.
The first time I played Final Fantasy VII, again, no internet or any of that stuff, right?
So I mean, we had BBSs, but it wasn't as prolific as the internet is now.
So when I played Final Fantasy VII, I didn't even have Vincent. My first playthrough, I didn't have Vincent.
Like, when I heard there was another character in Final Fantasy VII, I was like, what? There's another character?
I had Vincent and Yuffie on my first playthrough.
I had Yuffie, because Yuffie shows up randomly and you kind of figure out, like, oh, you just have to answer the questions a certain way.
It was the same with Vincent.
Yeah. No, I just, for some reason, never connected to me.
You didn't find the coffin?
I found the coffin, but I never found the code.
Oh.
Remember, no internet, no nothing, no comparing notes. I didn't really have a lot of friends that were into gaming.
There were strategy guides.
Yeah, but I didn't, what poor college kid's gonna spend money on strategy guides?
I didn't.
I didn't, oh my God.
Kid guy's poster.
Yeah, it was crazy.
I had a really good poster with that, with the versus games one.
And that actually, that strategy guide, if you have it intact, it goes for bucks.
Yeah.
And I'm pissed off because Dan's friend ruined mine.
Oh.
I could have smacked a bitch.
I'm surprised you didn't.
It's only because Dan-
You could have smacked Aerith again.
Anyway.
Mmm.
Let me, a lot of folks in our chat room talking about this and this kind of point with the Final Fantasy 7 remake is that there's been talk about the remake could deviate from the original.
And there's even kind of a joke meme floating around out there, the press A to buy the Aerith Lives DLC for only $4.99.
How would you feel about that, DarkSakurai, if the deviation is there's gonna be a way for Aerith to live?
I wouldn't pay for it because she's gonna die.
Or it probably-
Your headcanon says she's dead, dead, deady dead.
She's dead to me.
And by the way, for the people who are saying, please stop saying no internet, of course there was internet in 97.
First of all, that game did not come out in 97. I do believe it came out in 96.
Because I was living in the dorms and playing it.
The second thing is that, yeah, there was internet and you usually had to pay by the minute.
Yeah.
AOL back in those days was $2.50 a minute.
Yeah, and I think you might need to see what I'm saying. I didn't say there wasn't internet, I said it wasn't as prolific, it wasn't as part of our lives.
It wasn't woven into it as much as it is now.
Who paid for AOL?
I can pull a device out of my pocket and be on the internet now.
I paid for AOL, but that was also because I admit Dan.
I was just saying that they gave you so many free discs, it's like you're swimming and it's like, I've got all these 30 day trials, what am I gonna do with this?
By the time I had the username DarkSakura, I already had a free account because I was a chat host for Cartoon Network.
Oh my gosh, so random.
Yeah.
So anyway, yeah, and I remember BBS's were a big thing back then and I was still using those as well.
I think 97 was right about when Dial-Up Internet was kind of a thing.
I hope Next to the Round is just as long, because I totally want to put that on Quadramagic and Mimic so that I can go make sandwiches.
This time, if there's one thing they're gonna get in that remake right, it is that you're gonna be able to skip those damn, or like Final Fantasy X. Shorten. Shorten them.
No. They have to do the whole thing so I can get up and make a sandwich.
Alright, anyway. So there it is. DarkSakura's most excited about the Final Fantasy VII remake.
Loki, how about you? What are you most excited about?
You know, I, the Fallout 4, I guess. I mean, Fallout 4 looks fantastic and I still haven't played Fallout 3.
And I don't know, I've been trying to get the mod stuff to work correctly because it's all broken. Thanks Games for Windows Live.
So I haven't really gotten a chance to play that, but it looks exciting.
Honestly though, I have like three things. I know that's not one.
Here's the other one that's actually pretty awesome and I think a lot of people missed it because it's trailers.
They're not necessarily things that they showed off during the press conferences.
But did anybody catch the trailer for the Portal Lego Dimensions level?
I only saw it because you posted about it and I watched it.
That's awesome. That's amazing. So that looks like a pretty awesome game.
And then also Just Cause 3 is gonna be amazing.
So those are the things that got you most excited there.
Yeah.
Good. Good selections.
And I gotta be honest though, No Man's Sky had me excited the first time I saw it.
The more I see it, the less excited I get about it.
It's going like Elder Scrolls Online.
Just because it's like, okay shit, this is the same shit I just saw again and again and again and again.
I didn't feel that same way because I felt like this time the guy was actually playing it.
And I liked that he took risks and it was, I'm gonna play and I'm gonna go to this place and I have no idea what I'm gonna find.
And there was this really funny moment where the guy said, well some of the planets look worse but some look a lot better.
And I thought that was a very honest, I know a lot of people kind of razzed him for that, but I thought it was a very honest thing.
And that kind of sold me that, okay this is what it's really gonna look like.
They didn't purposefully choose a planet that was going to be like lush, pretty, purples, greens.
It looks straight out of Avatar or something.
They picked just this is a random ass planet and this is what a random place might look like.
And this is all about exploration and that's why I'm actually really excited about No Man's Sky.
I DM near, which is funny because I've come full circle on that.
I realize I've dodged that dog that game before, but the exact same thing you're saying is that they show it over and over and never show the game itself.
Well I think the game was more fun to play than just what they showed.
I mean I think it would be more fun to play, it's just kind of, I don't know.
I real quick need to correct myself, it was 1997, I just started with the import.
Oh for Final Fantasy 7?
I think I joined that ship late anyway, but anyway.
It doesn't really matter.
Anyway, let's talk about 2015 or 2016 or 2019 if you're talking about some of these things from E3.
The thing that got me most excited since she didn't say it, I'm stealing it.
Mass Effect Andromeda, thank you very much.
I'm not excited for one reason.
Well I'm excited, but I'm holding off just because of the character sketches.
The cocked hip pose that they put the female character in, that's not how women really stand.
It's one picture.
No, but it's pretty blatantly awful.
We'll see, we'll see.
Could it be an alien that could stand differently?
With a human face?
They could take on the form of a human, have a human face, I don't know.
I don't know if you remember, but about six weeks ago on the show, maybe a little longer,
there was a leak of Mass Effect 4 information that we talked about here on the show,
and talked about, you know, take this with a grain of salt because it's probably wrong,
dah, dah, dah.
Well going back and looking at that earlier leak, you know one of the things they said
in the leak, they said, this game is set far, far away.
It's set in the Andromeda Galaxy.
And so now hearing that the name of the game is Mass Effect Andromeda, it gives suddenly
a lot more credit to that earlier thing that we heard about and how accurate it might be.
So it sounds like the new Mass Effect game is going to be a lot about exploration as well,
and I'm really excited about that.
I want my Star Trek Voyager for Mass Effect.
I want, you know, I want to be able to make my Janeway.
It's going to be full of Andrama.
That's right.
Androidarama.
Anyway, so yes, I'm very excited about Mass Effect Andromeda.
Even that minute and a half of trailer was just enough for me.
I'm disappointed it's not this year, but like everything else, it slipped to 2016.
You know what, it's probably going to slip to 2017.
Like, I shouldn't even get my hopes up for, maybe I'll get to play this game by the time
I'm 40.
Maybe.
We'll see.
At least I can take comfort that I'll probably be playing Mass Effect Andromeda before any
of you are playing the Final Fantasy 7 remake or Shenmue 3.
Let's just...
Or Half-Life 3.
Yeah, talk about now disappointments, not to get too cynical, but man, where was my,
where was my, where was Valve?
Like, I know we talked about last week that they weren't going to go, but come on, we
want, come on, we want a little bit of Half-Life 3.
Gabe could have walked out and sat on that couch at the PC conference.
Yeah, exactly.
I was going to say, clearly that PC gaming thing, they have to have some sort of purpose
to it.
I mean, it couldn't just be an advertisement for AMD that took up like three fucking hours.
No, there's got to be a point to it.
I know if I sit to the very end, they're going to be, oh God, it's, there's no point to this.
All right, Tigerclaw on chat over at live.vognetwork.com says, don't be surprised if Mass Effect Andromeda
releases a mobile app to build your galaxy thing in order to get the good ending.
Oh, absolutely.
EA will absolutely release a mobile tie-in.
That's a given.
Dark Sakura, I think Dark Sakura just looked at her brain when I said that her eyes rolled
so far to the back of her head.
Yeah, it means I'll be checking my galaxy again.
But you didn't really get into the multiplayer early on.
And you know, so, and then I used, yeah, I used the app like for the whole thing.
So it was kind of nice that you had options, if nothing else.
DKB in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com says, hey, we get Batman this month.
Let's look forward to that.
That is true.
You know, even though I'm talking all this tongue in cheek stuff about 2016 and beyond,
there is still some good stuff to look forward to this year.
The new Batman game getting crazy good reviews so far.
Not that I necessarily totally pay attention to what reviewers have to say, but you can't help but go,
oh, okay, when the score is over a 90 pretty much across the board, you know,
and that series had such a strong first two games that I'm not surprised at all to hear,
now we're going to amp up the graphics on the next generation of systems.
What's that?
I have three games, I think.
Well, two games by this studio, and then there was the third game that a different studio did,
so I'm kind of not counting that one.
So, but anyway, yeah, however you want to look at it.
Anyway, there you go.
There's some early E3.
We're going to dig a little deeper in just a moment,
but first we're going to do some of the things we usually do at the top of the show.
First off, starting with, how was your gaming week?
And while all this E3 nonsense was going on, what kind of games did you play this week?
Dark Sakura.
I played connect to the data center of the game.
As in Final Fantasy XIV, the pre-order, pre-release thing played the game now.
Early access.
Yeah, that thing.
I got it on that.
LOL MMO launches.
Yes.
It would take me regularly, like, eight tries before I could connect.
And then I made a nice, shiny, pretty aura character, and then,
oh, your server's full, we're not taking any more characters for it.
So I had to use my, oh, whatever the crap's called, the Fantasia thing,
to remake a secondary character that I had just sort of made to hang out.
And so now she's an aura Lancer, which means I'm going to have to figure out how to get her over
to make her an archer instead, because I would have rather played an archer.
And, words.
I just picked a Lancer because I start off in Gridania.
If you can get to level 10, then you can go to any of the other guilds and switch.
That won't take that long.
Yeah, it won't take that long, because they gave bonuses, I think, for new characters and under 50.
But the other good thing, though, is that I'm actually now getting back into my progression,
except for the rep thing I'm working on.
It doesn't give tomes of soldiery.
It gives tomes of poetry, which isn't going to help with my gearing for now.
Take a look, because, go back and look at the vendors,
because when that changed, all the prices changed.
So they don't sell anything for soldiery anymore.
It all converted to poetics.
So double check, because you might not be as bad off as you think.
You might actually be in a better spot, because if you already had poetics,
maybe you can already afford whatever it was you wanted.
Okay. Well, I'm still trying to get my item level up.
And I'm like five away from 70.
And then I've been playing just an intense amount of Dragon Age Inquisition,
because I'm trying to do a completionist playthrough right now.
So I'm trying to grab as many things as I can and going down and hunting all the stuff.
So I'm working through a lot of the story, just because I've decided to do the Cullen romance.
His voice actor has a gorgeous voice.
It's not like Garris' voice, but the guy can sing, okay.
And that's really been about it.
Oh, yeah, we got a projector. Thanks, actdeft, for making my husband spend $100.
And so Dan played Pac-Man on it.
Wait, you got a projector?
Ms. Pac-Man. Yeah, we have a projector now.
Oh, random.
Wait, how did actdeft contribute to that?
Did he post something like an Amazon link or something, and you were like,
oh, we're going to buy a projector.
Dan did.
It's between him and Dan, so whatever.
All right, cool.
So, yeah, the first thing Dan does is played Ms. Pac-Man on our dining room wall with the projector.
Is that like the game to break everything in?
I have no idea. It was the Atari throwback or flashback.
Oh, okay.
Whatever it was, but Dan hooked it up to try it out, and then he watched Top Gun.
I'm like, random.
Those are some good ways to break in a new toy.
Yeah.
Awesome.
So that's it.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
I played a little bit of Lego Batman 2 DC Super Heroes because I bought it on sale from the Steam sale.
And it's okay.
I picked that game just because it's the other open world Lego game that they have.
I don't like it as much.
I can definitely see that they've improved a lot since then when they made Lego Marvel Super Heroes.
Really, the whole thing kind of turns me off about the whole Lego Batman series is the stupid suits that they have.
And I understand why they do it.
It's kind of like puzzle mechanics, but it gets really annoying, just like having to switch through stuff.
I like how at least Lego Batman 3 you can kind of switch stuff by holding a button down and be able to switch between suits that way.
And two, you have to go to these stupid little, like, I don't know, stand things and you walk across it and you switch your suit.
That wasn't such a big deal.
The big deal was the map design and being that I fell into, like, a river type thing.
And in the other games, you can swim in water just fine and you don't die.
For some reason, you drown after a few seconds.
And the way that they designed it, there was no way for me to get back up onto the actual, you know, the top of the hill.
And it kept respawning me in the bottom and it was really annoying.
So I had to kind of just clip my way through the landscape to get to where I wanted to go.
So it took, you know, a lot of effort to platform that.
So that's a little annoying, but I don't know. I'll play it for now.
Just to kill time until the next game comes out.
Basically, I was just trying to show my son the game and he played a little bit with me, so it was alright.
With that, though, I also played Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2 just because we got our group back together to play on Wednesday nights.
So we did that and I kicked everyone's ass, as usual.
And then, also, what else did I do?
I bought a lot of games on Steam, unfortunately.
Not as much as I normally would because I owned most of the stuff that was on sale.
Have you been playing the little Cookie Clicker, Clicker Heroes minigame thing they did for the sale?
I did for a little bit. I don't know when this thing's ending. Did that wholesale end today?
I think tomorrow at 10am, so this is the last round.
Does it give me time to decide if I want Final Fantasy 13 or not?
Because I've already leveled up my thing twice and I have some of the card still, so I can do it a third time, I guess, to get more cards.
I don't know. The Clicker game is kind of fun.
The cards expire, though. Be careful. If you don't do it by 10am tomorrow or whatever, they're going to vaporize.
I'll probably do it then, just to get them out of my inventory.
So, I'll do that. And then, I worked on my game a little bit.
And I really wanted to work more on it, but the problem is I've been so tired this week that I just haven't been able to focus on working on anything.
I literally get home and I'm like, okay, I'm going to work on my game.
And then I watch stupid YouTube videos until about 11pm and then I go to sleep.
And that's unfortunately the way it's been.
Although, I did get what I was trying to get done this week, which was Smoke for the Rocket.
So, I got that done.
I've never really worked with the particle system in Unity before, and so I watched a tutorial on how to do rocket trails or whatever.
And the guy's like, yeah, just put up 100,000 particles on that.
I'm like, okay, that seems a little excessive, but I'll do what you say.
And I was like, wow, that works pretty good for one.
But when I put 10 of them on the screen, it starts to slow things down quite a bit.
So, I managed to dial it down from, actually it wasn't even 10,000, it was like 100,000 is what he had originally as the particles.
That's terrible to recommend, but I dropped it down to, I think, 120 from 100,000.
And it works a lot better and still looks okay.
So, I've got the cat part done now.
The only thing I need to do now is actually build the level that that goes to and some other stuff.
And I also want to reskin the interface to get it away from the default assets I was using.
Eventually I want to remake the map, but I kind of just want to get it done so I can work on other things.
Because I have like so many ideas for great games, I just can't work on them yet because I'm still working on this game and I just want to get it done.
But I also want to be, I don't want to just finish it, just to finish it, I want it to be finished the way I want it to be finished.
So, I don't know, I want to find a happy milkshake.
Perfectionist.
Not perfectionist, it's just there's a lot of things I want to do for it.
Why should you be a perfectionist? Nobody out there is releasing perfect games, you can always patch it.
But no, I want it, that's the premise of the game, we're patching every broken level.
But actually what I want to try to do next is knock out some not so complex ideas for levels and stuff that I had.
Stuff that I can just make it seem to myself that I'm getting more done than I actually am.
Because this stupid animation for the cat thing took way too fucking long, like two months, when it should have taken like a day.
So I don't understand, you know, that was really kind of sad, like that and being really exhausted.
So, I'm going to try to, I've been working on it every day though, every single day.
Alright.
Even if it's just for fifteen minutes.
Alright, you can do it, you can do it.
Alright, my gaming week.
So, I've also been playing a lot of Final Fantasy XIV with the Heavensward expansion having launched Friday.
I went back though and I'm doing an astrology in one of the new classes, so I'm not really playing a lot of the new content.
I've only seen a little bit of it, just enough to get into Ishgard to get the new jobs or whatever.
But people seem to be enjoying it.
You know, there's always people come back who haven't been playing in months and there's a lot of excitement around it.
I was really bummed out that it took me an hour yesterday to log into this stupid game.
But, you know, MMO launches, they're always a clusterfuck, so whatever.
I'm excited to more fully explore the expansion, but I won't repeat what Dark Saga said too much.
So, other games I've been playing this week.
So, today, I made a pretty big purchase.
Finally bought something that I said I'm going to be buying for a very long time.
I bought an Xbox One today.
Best Buy has been not to give them free advertising.
One of them.
Yeah, exactly.
Not to give them free advertising, but hey, it's a good deal.
Good deal is a good deal.
They were selling, if you buy any Xbox, you can get a free game with it.
Any game.
So, I picked up the brand new One Terabyte, which, granted, is $399, not $349,
but it does come with the Halo Master Chief Collection, which was the game I was interested in anyway,
and it has that new controller, which has the Anyplug thing in it,
where you don't necessarily have to use their headset, although it came with a headset, so hey, it worked out.
So, I bought that, and then for the free game, of course I got Forza Horizon 2,
because I've been wanting to play that game for like six months now.
So, I picked that up.
Now, I just got it today, so I can't really talk a lot in depth.
I can just say my initial impressions were that, okay, it was kind of flashy to set up.
It was kind of interesting.
Not sure how I feel about the interface.
I can see that the interface was clearly designed for Kinect.
I'm not using Kinect.
The good thing about it, though, is that interface is going to be changing very soon.
I've definitely heard about that, so that's cool, because the way it is now...
Yeah, probably it will get worse.
Well, it doesn't make a lot of sense, but I see where it works for Kinect.
So, this isn't necessarily a criticism.
It was just a little bit of like, whoa, this is a little bit weird compared to what I'm used to on PlayStation 4.
But there definitely seems to be a lot there, and I do like, I will say this,
I like that you can put the disc in the drive, and it starts to do the install,
and you can play partway through the install.
And even with the Halo Master Chief collection,
I noticed when it was only at like 20% download, because it was a download copy,
when it was at 20% download, you could play it.
So, it will download the pieces that it needs, I guess, depending on what you decide you're going to play.
So, I thought that was kind of interesting. I kind of liked that.
So, there's just some things I noticed right off the bat.
Were you smart, though, back when they started giving away that free stuff with Xbox?
No, I wasn't smart. I didn't do it. Shame on me.
I've got a nice library built up.
Yeah, shame on me. No, I didn't do it. I didn't do it.
But that's okay. I'll start doing it now.
I will say, though, Forza Horizon, I only played it for like 30 minutes,
so I can't tell you a lot a lot about the game, but it's gorgeous.
Oh my god, it's so pretty. Like, all the rain on the car.
You can paint the car whatever color you want. You see that, look that way in the cutscenes.
Oh god, it's beautiful. It's like manly tears were being shed at how gorgeous that game looks on my TV.
So, yes, it was worth it for that alone.
So, there's that.
So, yeah, I'm finally an owner of all the current gen consoles,
because I've been rocking the Wii U and the PlayStation 4 since launch.
So, I kind of did the flip of what I did last gen,
because last gen I bought an Xbox 360 really early,
and then I bought the PlayStation 3 about a year and a half after the fact.
So, this time, we just flipped that a little bit.
I bought the PlayStation 4 first, and I bought the Xbox One about a year and a half after the fact.
So, yeah, more to come on that as I get to spend more time with the Xbox One in the coming days.
I'll probably get one in September.
My wife's already been saying, because we were arguing about how I always scare stuff her every day,
I'm like, well, you don't ever get me for anything.
I was like, well, just tell me what you want me to get you then.
I'm like, fine. And then, so, I'll just get me an Xbox One.
Let's see, I'm looking in chat over at live.vognetwork.com,
some people saying that was a good choice to get Forza Horizon 2.
Tigerclaw is saying we've got to play that sometime.
I've already seen your little Drivatar, Tigerclaw, in the game,
because when you race against other people, I did the first race,
and it looks like it's going to be multiplayer, because you see all these gamer tags.
And then I saw my buddy Tim, his gamer tags show up, and I saw Tigerclaw,
and I'm like, what, are these people online playing right now?
And it's like, in this game, you don't race against just any old computer player,
you race against your friends, Drivatars, and other people from Xbox Live.
So these were all the Drivatars.
So I actually have already raced against Tigerclaw, in a way.
And by the way, I beat him.
But no, I mean, I had it on easy.
I mean, there's got to be some type of scaling to that Drivatar thing.
So have you enjoyed driving off-road, since you can just slam through fences and stuff?
Of course. Your GPS takes you off-road sometimes, I noticed that.
There's this big drive you do to get to the first little city where all the events are,
and you just go right through off-road, and it's pretty cool.
So yeah, I'm definitely going to be playing more Forza Horizon 2.
Now I'm in trouble, though, because now it's like a new MMO expansion just launched,
and you know what a time sink those can be, but then it's like,
ooh, I want to do 700 different races in Forza Horizon as well.
I've got my gaming booked out for quite a little while right now, that's for sure.
Bobby Blackwolf saying, did you join the VoG Club?
No, because the social tab hasn't opened for me yet, but I will.
So there is a VoG Club in Forza Horizon 2,
and I will absolutely join that as soon as it's open or however I can do that.
So look for me there.
Let's see, I'm just trying to see if there's other comments in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
YYR mentioning that the voice processor is in the Kinect, so that won't work very well,
I guess with using voice commands with your headset.
I thought you could do voice commands through your headset.
I haven't tried it yet, but maybe, I don't know.
Let's see, Bobby Blackwolf says, I never played Forza Horizon 2 online either,
but maybe that can change now the sky is in.
Yep, I'm there, so we'll see.
Check that out soon.
Tigerclaw saying, now I can take advantage of Xbox games for gold.
Absolutely, since I was slacking on that, my bad.
But now I can take advantage of that, which is good.
And also, I got hooked up with the preview program thing,
thanks to my buddy Travis from Under Station Live.
Shout out what 11 episodes left, I think, of Under Station Live.
They just did 12 from the end last night.
Travis got me in that program, and I downloaded the thing,
but then you still have to wait, like you register,
and then you still have to wait for your console to get flagged for the update.
So I haven't tried any of that backwards compatibility stuff yet,
but I certainly will in the coming week, assuming that my Xbox.
I'm sure a lot of people are trying to get into that program
after that big announcement this week.
So let's get to those big announcements.
We want to talk about E3.
I will mention real quick for housekeeping, though, of course, as always,
follow us on Twitter, twitter.com slash o-l-r.
We're also on Facebook and Google Plus.
Facebook.com slash OrangeLoungeRadio and Google.com slash plus OrangeLoungeRadio.
Be our friend. We like having friends.
And then when we start clubs and online games like Forza,
we can tell you where we're at, and you can find some cool people
to play online games with that will not be complete jerks to you.
I might be a little bit of a jerk to you, but I won't be a complete jerk to you.
Also, of course, I have to mention, Happy Father's Day.
It is that day as we're taping live.
Happy Father's Day. Loki, certainly, affected by this.
So Happy Father's Day to you, but also, of course, a big Happy Father's Day
to anybody who is a father-type figure, furry friends, and so on and so on.
And single moms.
And single moms.
Well, we did have Mother's Day, but I suppose if you're the mother
and the father figure, then what the hell?
You should get every day in that case, honestly.
And lesbians.
You don't need just one day.
How about just everybody?
Why can't each person just have one day?
We've got Mother's Day and Father's Day.
That works. We don't need to have people.
You get your birthday. That's your one day.
And then you get Father's Day as every day.
Veteran's Day as every day. Valentine's Day as every day.
Veteran's Day as every day. No work!
Stop.
I guess technically I suppose that a lesbian couple would probably both have Mother's Day.
I think that's how a lot of them celebrate it.
But single moms? There needs to be a single mom's day.
Because they should get two days because they do the job with two people.
Why not? Why not?
And then there should be career mom days.
Well, and you know, I'm a father-in-law to a cat.
And I think that's a responsibility.
But seriously, Happy Father's Day.
I called my dad today. It was kind of depressing.
I'm sorry to hear that.
It's okay.
I called mine too. I would call him on air, but I think he'd be a little scared to be on this show.
He's not quite like my mother.
Well, call him out! No, I'm kidding.
Actually, I got a random text message from him the other day.
I forget what it said.
But it was definitely one of those clues like,
I'm listening to your show.
And I'm like, oh god, it's filthy. Don't listen to my show.
You know what? Isn't it kind of weird though that now we expect our parents to text us and stuff?
No, I don't expect them to. I really don't.
Well, let me finish.
But then the first time you get that text from them,
it's like, oh my god, they know how to use the technologies.
Yeah, right?
The first FaceTime call I got from my mom, I was like, the hell?
Oh, hi mom.
And the picture's upside down.
No, it was fine.
The first thing I was like, mom, you grew out your hair.
So anyway, there you go. Technology, hooray.
So of course, let's get into a big celebration about gaming technology.
E3. So we're going to do our show a little differently tonight.
Instead of our round robin news style that we usually do, where each of us will take a story.
We're going to turn it over to Loki here, who's going to outline some of these press conferences and some of the big news.
Obviously, I figure if you're listening to this show, you probably already watched all these press conferences.
So I don't really want to be here to break the news.
But we're going to discuss the news.
So Loki's going to hit on some of the key points from the various press conferences.
Let's start with Microsoft, since I brought up Xbox One and a little bit of some of that.
Yeah, so Microsoft had their press conference first on Monday morning.
And they covered quite a bit, actually.
Of course, Halo 5 was being shown off there.
They showed off the new Warzone multiplayer, the 24-player multiplayer mode.
It looked nice, which is awesome.
They talked a little bit about backwards compatibility, which was kind of a shock.
Because no one was really expecting them to even consider backwards compatibility on the Xbox One,
considering that the Xbox 360 kind of launched with that.
And then they just kind of, well, it's too hard to do it, so we're just not going to do it.
But they announced the support for that and that they're going to be adding more titles.
They have a site you can actually vote for, which titles you would like to see on the service.
I need you all to go vote for Lost Odyssey immediately, even if you've never played it.
I highly agree with that, yes.
I need you to vote for it five times.
Lost Odyssey, that's L-O-S-T.
Seriously, go vote for it.
My god.
Can I just quickly say, though, about backwards compatibility?
I was very excited to hear that, and I think certainly motivated, you know, like,
ooh, I really need to think about this Xbox One thing, because that's really cool that
it's not just the fact that the games are backwards compatible,
but that they're backwards compatible without, at least from my understanding,
and maybe some of you that have had hands-on can correct me,
but I think this is the case, because I saw Bobby livestreaming Cameo earlier this week.
So that tells me that the shell of the Xbox One is still all there.
So the cool thing is, instead of, like, your system having to drop into a compatibility mode or something,
like, kind of what happens with Wii U is, like, it drops into Wii mode and then that's it.
You kind of lose all the Wii U stuff.
It sounds like your Xbox 360 games play within the Xbox One shell,
so you can do the screenshots, the, you know, interacting with friends, the picture-in-picture,
and, you know, all that other kind of crazy stuff you can do with Xbox.
So I thought that was pretty cool, but certainly the way they made it sound on stage,
they were like, hundreds of games are going to be backwards compatible, hundreds.
Okay, you go and look at the list in reality right now, it's, like, 20 games for now.
Now, to be, and I fully realize, all right, it's not supposed to really be out till holiday,
this isn't a preview program right now, look, I realize there's all that,
but I can't help but think back to the 360 and that backwards compatibility, as you were saying,
and the fact that some of the games I wanted to play never did show up,
like the DDR UltraMix games or some of the, like, retro collection games that I had.
I think a lot of it, though, depending on, they're, like, bringing over engines at a time, you know.
Oh, yeah, certainly.
So, it's like, okay, we got this to work, and now these games work, too.
It's a lot of testing. I'm just glad they're making the effort.
But, yeah, I'm glad they're making the effort, and I do love, there's definitely more positive than negative here,
I do love that if I bought a game digitally on Xbox 360, like Super Meat Boy or Hexic,
which all the 360s came with, at least in the beginning, you know, those games are going to move right on over to Xbox One.
That is awesome. I really hope we see more of that, because that makes my eyes light up,
like, do you know how many fucking games I bought on Xbox 360 digitally?
Yeah, exactly. Do you know what my Xbox Live Arcade library looks like? Anything.
To kind of get a second hurrah of that is going to be great.
So, and the other thing, lastly, that I love about this, it puts a little pressure on Sony to do a counter move.
I mean, there was definitely a little jab at Sony.
Yeah, on top of that, I mean, it's not just, you know, oh, I gotta stream this shit from their service,
it's, if you have the fucking disc, you can pop it in the drive and it just works.
Yeah.
So that's pretty good.
Tech 2030 in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com says,
I love that they're supporting discs so you can go and get a copy of Cameo for 89 cents at GameStop.
Well, it's so weird though, like, it's just, like, talk about a turnaround.
Like, seriously, they've brought it completely right back around, you know.
It's after the misstep that they had a couple years ago and then finally kind of just realizing the path that they need to go with it.
Because the guy in charge changed.
Of course.
And it's done miracles for the company.
Yes.
How's Zynga doing these days?
Hmm.
Don't really hear much about Zynga.
You don't hear much about that, do you?
Except that they're thinking about replacing their lead guy, too.
Oh, wait, it's the same guy.
Hmm.
Anyway, I just want to point out that Bobby Blackwolf is saying,
to be fair, you pop in the disc and it downloads the entire game from Xbox Live.
If I'm not mistaken, though, your disc still does have to be in the drive for the digital copy to work.
Because that's how, right?
That makes sense, yeah.
Right.
That's how they prevent you, oh, I'm going to go to GameStop, buy all these games, and then resell them.
You know, so that's how you kind of still have to have a copy of the game in order to play it.
But that makes a lot of sense.
So, yeah, I'm excited about the backwards compatibility thing.
I hope it's as good as they're making it sound.
And it's not one of those things they just decide in three months, ah, fuck it.
It wasn't that big of a deal.
Even if a small handful of titles are compatible, that's still better than nothing.
Better than what we got now.
And some folks in chat also bringing up the fact that Sony kind of said,
that, oh, we're not as interested in the backwards compatibility thing.
And, you know, we find that players don't really play the backwards compatibility and all this stuff.
And I'm sitting here going, with all due respect to Sony, and I think Sony's doing amazing things,
but with all due respect to Sony, that is a bunch of horseshit.
That is so much fucking horseshit.
I, like, shit is coming out your mouth from a horse.
That is how much horseshit that is.
Because if that were the case, why would PlayStation Now even be a thing?
Why are you selling subscriptions for an unlimited PlayStation 3 library, unlimited play,
all you can eat for, you know, 20 bucks a month or whatever it is, if people aren't interested in that?
Why are you selling PlayStation 1?
Why is it a big fucking deal that Suikoden 3 is coming out next week if people aren't interested in backwards compatibility?
So I'm sorry. Sony knows.
The tests are in.
The lie detector determined that was a lie.
Just be honest with people. I just don't understand why these companies have to...
Why do you play the card of, like, oh, well, you know, people just don't really want that.
That's why we're doing it. It's like, bullshit, just stop.
Just say, well, that's great that they're doing that. You know what?
We'll just have to look into something, you know?
That's great that they were able to pull that off.
We were able to do that with the PlayStation 3. I don't know.
But, you know, and to be fair to Sony, you know,
I think also the guy in charge at Sony right now is not one that's gonna take these little jabs lightly.
I fully expect there's going to be a counter response.
Let's wait and see.
This is gonna be good. Popcorn.gif, right?
They just weren't ready to say anything at E3.
I think it's just because they were, you know, working with emulating the cell processor,
which I think is gonna be a whole lot harder than emulating Xbox.
Well, we know they've got the streaming thing. We know...
Just open up for PS1 already. Damn.
I mean, yeah, seriously. The Vita can run PlayStation 1 games.
The fucking PlayStation 4 should be able to handle that.
Let me stream on Twitch a playthrough of, like, DDR best hits or something.
Come on, people. Anyway. Anyway.
I just also want to say real quick on the backwards compatibility thing and then I want to move on
because I don't want to take the whole show up talking about backwards compatibility.
But I just will say that, you know, on Facebook and Twitter, some of the response I'm seeing is that
this can be the thing that's sweet.
And another reason why I don't think Sony was accurate in what they were saying was that people don't care about it.
People do care about this because I see people on Facebook going,
okay, now we need to get an Xbox One because it sounds like your 360 games are gonna be able to work on it.
At least some of them. At least the way they were selling it.
You know, and I know that's a big reason we use Cell as well is that,
oh, your library's not gonna go to crap when you get it.
So I think this does put Sony in a position where they're gonna have to come up with some sort of response.
You know, how about disk in drive and game streams for free would seem to be a very easy response.
We'll see. We'll see. We'll see. Anyway.
And then along with that, they also were announcing not only are they gonna have the remodel controller
and the new Xbox Ones that are being sold, but they also have this Xbox Elite controller that's gonna be coming out.
And it's got this redesigned D-pad and it's also got these interchangeable things
and these flipper triggers that are underneath the controller handles
and all sorts of other weird stuff where you can swap things in and out and it's gonna be expensive.
I don't know. Neat, I guess?
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase, quiet.
This was kind of cool. This was originally we were kind of showing it off as like a Microsoft thing,
but then they clarified this is for both PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Fallout 4. The console version will be able to utilize some of the PC mods.
I think that's pretty awesome.
Yeah, the whole PC and console worlds colliding. That's kind of fun.
I hope they do that with more games. I think that would be pretty amazing.
Also, the dog's not gonna die.
What's that website for movies? Like, does the dog die or something like that?
Or what happens to the dog or the pet? I don't know. There's some website.
That's good that somebody can update that now for Fallout 4. Per E3 2015, the dog will be just fine.
They talked a little bit about showing off Forza Motorsport 6. Looked pretty.
Sorry, overrated man talking about, I can't wait to get my nude mods in our chat room over at live.com.
I don't think that's gonna be coming over.
I think it'll be select mods. We'll see. I don't know. Anything's possible. We'll see.
Dark Souls 3. They showed a trailer off for that. That looked pretty sweet.
They didn't give a shit about that. Still, I mean, I'm sorry.
There's an audience out there for that.
I'm sure there is. ReCore looked pretty interesting.
I mean, that was neat.
What else? I don't know.
I think they showed off a little bit of Fable. Cuphead looks amazing still. I can't wait for that to come out.
I want that so badly.
Yeah, that was a cute little cartoon indie game. That's a good little score for Microsoft to have those buzz titles are very good to have in your pocket.
I know they showed Rise of the Tomb Raider as well, certainly.
Lara Croft has another bad day. A series of bad days.
Lara Croft's no good, very bad day in sub-zero temperatures.
Girl 2.0.
Yeah, and they were showing off with Snow and Frost builds up on her jacket and shit like that.
Stuff that's really integral to the gameplay experience that no one really gives a shit about.
But here's one of the big announcements.
Kind of just like, hey!
You're missing some-
You know that you say that, but I did just come out and say, oh my god, the way the rain looks on the car.
You know what?
There's people out there that they're gonna appreciate.
You'll get over it soon. Pretty soon they'll just be like, well shit, that rain.
It looks good, but it doesn't look as good as the rain here.
No, it's just gonna become every day.
But hey, how about that Rare collection?
They were teasing that they were gonna maybe be talking about Battletoads.
I was hoping for a new Battletoads game, but whatever. I'll settle.
I just hope the cold isn't an excuse for Lara to have some glass cutters on her chest.
You all know what I'm talking about. Just saying.
Just hoping we're a little more tasteful than that. A little more tasteful.
Yeah. So, Rare collection.
They've got lots of great games in there. Not just Xbox games, but even games that are on other platforms.
RC Pro-Am. Fuck yeah.
What are they gonna do with the fact that in RC Pro-Am you collect letters that spell out Nintendo?
Are they just not gonna change that?
I mean, what happens?
Didn't they have an arcade version of RC Pro-Am?
Did they? I don't remember. It's been so long.
Darsakha, do you remember? Was there an arcade version of RC Pro-Am?
I mean, there was the Versus 10 version, I'm sure.
But I think it still spelled out Nintendo.
And of course, you know, Battletoads, Perfect Dark Zero.
Cameo, I believe.
Viva Pinata.
Dark Studio in chat says, there was one on the Genesis and I believe it spells Championship or something.
So, maybe RC Pro-Am is gonna be like a different...
Okay. Thank you, chatters. See, that's why I love being live.
Well, they're coming out August 4th, so look for that.
And then...
Breakman in our chat says, they couldn't get the rights for Wizards and Warriors. Fabio said no.
I don't know if that's the real reason. He could've just changed the damn box art.
But there are some notable misses.
Wizards and Warriors being one of them.
Anticipation. Thank you very much.
I just hope that these games aren't like, pay $5 for these extra rare packs of games.
We'll see, though. We'll see.
And then, you know, they were shown off a HoloLens a little bit.
They showed off a Minecraft presentation, which is kind of neat.
It kind of integrated, I'm guessing, with the Xbox One version.
You're able to play with other people in your game.
And you can actually kind of do this top-down thing.
It looked amazing based on what they show in it, but of course we know better that that's not actually how it's actually going to look.
It's going to be like, yeah, if you take a quarter of that screen, that's your view.
But a neat concept.
Gears of War being remastered.
Kind of, I think, people expected that.
I think that even leaked out prior.
And that was pretty much it.
HoloLens. You didn't really talk about the HoloLens demonstration, I don't think.
Yeah, they did.
Minecraft, I just mentioned.
Oh, sorry, sorry.
I was trying to multitask between reading chat and all that stuff.
They had some other Master Chief thing or something at E3 with HoloLens.
Yeah, there was something where you could simulate one of the drops, I think.
But, you know, these sorts of things.
First off, the HoloLens, you know, not going to look...
I'm excited about it.
Because I really want it, but I'm disappointed with what I'm hearing about it.
I wish it was better.
I like the idea. I think it's going to be really cool.
I just wish that...
OK, I'll tell you what.
How will we just treat it like Surface?
You've got the Surface RT, which is like, it's not very powerful, but it's a tablet.
I want the option to have a beefy fucking PC.
Not necessarily ridiculous, but if I have to hook it up with a cable to my PC
in order to get a better field of view, by all means, I will do that.
That's fine.
I kind of picture in my head, it probably functions a lot like, you know, on the 3DS
where you have those AR cards, it's a very little used feature,
but it was something that came with your 3DS.
And it's this whole thing where if you put a card on the table
and then you're moving your DS around, suddenly you'll see Mario appear on your table.
That's kind of what it's going to be.
It's like that, but way better.
You don't need the fucking cards and it will track the room, basically.
So, I don't know. I just hope it gets better.
I'm still interested to pick it up anyways, but I just want it to be good.
Yeah, I mean, I have some of those same reservations as well,
but again, what will the games look like besides Minecraft?
I don't even really give a shit about games.
I just think it would be fun for just, whatever, I mean.
Pornography.
Well, you can do, no, pornography would not be good at that.
And I'll tell you why it won't be good at that.
Because of the limited field of view.
You're going to have like a quarter of a pornographic movie on your screen.
Just one boob.
You're just going to have to look around the room to see the whole screen.
Only one boob at a time.
It's like, I can't tell what's going on. It's so small.
SSG100Matt in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com says,
Hololens 2, due out 18 months after the first Hololens, will be better.
The first iteration won't be as great at first.
Yeah, that's probably how it'll go, but that's how it works for a lot of things.
Alright, let's move on. Let's stick with the big console makers.
We'll move to Sony next, Loki.
Okay, so Sony, I actually did watch most of it.
They started off with like, hey!
Just wanted to let you know.
The Last Guardian is still coming out.
Here's some gameplay.
And it looked great.
And of course, as suspected, it's not PlayStation 3 title anymore.
Obviously it is now PlayStation 4.
And it looks all sorts of things.
Ico and Shadow Colossus.
Might as well just make it in the same damn world.
Notice how they won't make the same promise about the dog in that game.
Just saying.
Well, it's, yeah.
One of them will die. It's either the kid or the dog.
Something's gonna die. Something's gonna die.
Horizon looked pretty amazing.
This sort of futuristic, it's sort of like, you know, mankind has been pretty much wiped off the face of the Earth.
Turok! It was Turok.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, Turok.
That's what it is.
Turok with a lady protagonist and very, very, very pretty.
No, I was so, I loved that preview.
That was a great little surprise.
So it looked pretty awesome.
They showed off some different videos, like more Street Fighter V stuff.
You know, they announced some new characters.
Birdie and Cami.
What else?
Dreams, that new media molecule game.
I don't get it.
I don't get it. I mean, I understand it's a thing that creates shit, but where's the game?
I was okay with what they showed, but I'm hoping this doesn't suffer from the No Man's Sky syndrome,
where, where is the fucking game for like 18 months?
Like, I hope next time we see Dreams, we'll get a little more sense of how it plays.
But in cons, like, some of the things they were showing, I was like, okay, this looks like it could be really cool.
I just kind of need to figure out, what's the sandbox look like?
Because you're showing me, you know, all these cool little castles, but what's the sandbox really look like?
So I'm excited to see more about that.
But Media Molecule, you know, they really proved themselves a little big planet, and an industry changing game in many ways.
I think Little Big Planet is the reason you have a game like Super Mario Maker coming out this year,
which I know I'm getting ahead of myself.
So I'm certainly interested in whatever Media Molecule shows next.
And then, you know, they, like I said, they were showing off some more trailers for different games.
Firewatch, they talked about the expansion for Destiny, The Taken King,
which, cool that, cool for people that are into Destiny, I just haven't gotten into it yet,
so that was like, kind of like, this is way long.
Assassin's Creed's getting some exclusive missions that they do every year for PlayStation,
which is kind of different this year, is actually Call of Duty, similar type of thing.
Usually that's Xbox's thing, but now Call of Duty is going to be getting the content first on PlayStation platforms,
which, cool, because that's what I play on.
Kind of a huge deal for Sony, especially when their holiday this year isn't, like,
notice how they didn't really talk a lot about holiday 2015.
I don't know what they have.
I don't think they have really, they have that Uncharted thing, but they didn't even show that,
which I found, which I thought was an interesting decision, not to really give us more of that at the press conferences.
But yeah, they don't, I mean, No Man's Sky is assumed, I guess.
I don't know if it's this year.
Maybe we don't know.
You know, and I'm sure some of the smaller titles they show, there's probably a couple in there that are this year,
but yeah, I think they're, I think part of the reason why they paid whatever they had to do to get Activision in,
because, you know, if they're looking a little weaker this holiday season,
then why not get the biggest video game franchise out there to partner up with you to help fill in the gap?
You know, whether we're into Call of Duty or not, there's a lot of people out there.
But it's exclusive content, like, it's basically just getting in a little bit earlier than everybody else.
It's not that big a deal.
I guess if you own those systems and you play it equally on both and you're just deciding which one to buy it on,
maybe that might sway you, but that's such a, like, a narrow scope. I don't know. Whatever.
And then they were showing this world of Final Fantasy, which, honestly, I could care less,
because it wasn't an announcement that Final Fantasy XI was going free-to-play, but they showed it anyways.
It's this cutesy Final Fantasy game, which I'm just like, okay, I don't get it, but sure.
Would like to know more.
Yeah, and so that'll be coming in 2016.
Then, of course, the big announcement of Final Fantasy VII finally being remade,
whenever the hell that's supposed to come out, because that's not anytime fucking soon.
This was really a, we're going to put those urban legends to bed. It's happening.
But we just started, so please look forward to it.
But if you want to play it first, you've got to have a PS4.
That was all that was. You want to play this first? Look at this shiny, it's cloud and HD.
It's going to, oh my gosh. So, there was that.
PlayStation Vue launched finally, so that was interesting.
I'm not in our area, though, so I don't think we can...
San Francisco's about the closest, but yeah, not this far in our neck of the woods.
Too bad.
Shenmue 3 Kickstarter, of course. Not much you can say on that.
They've made their Kickstarter goal already, and I'm sure it'll come out.
A lot of controversy around the decision to use Kickstarter.
It is a weird thing. I understand their point.
Well, the point that they, the way they came in across is like,
well, okay, we love this game. Here, we just figured that we'd give them a platform to kind of announce it on.
But then it turned out that, oh, well, we actually have a stake in this,
and so it's like, I wish they were kind of up front with it,
but then again, if they were up front with it, then people are like,
well, why am I going to back this if you're paying for this? It doesn't make any sense.
So, whatever.
And then they were showing off some stuff for Battlefront,
you know, like new survival mode, and then...
What else?
Uncharted 4 looks nice.
That actually looks very interesting. Like, I've never really played an Uncharted game,
but they look pretty cool.
That's the second time their demo screwed up on them, though. Did you notice that?
You know what? I understand.
Yeah, exactly. Like, I actually don't put that in the negative column,
because I go, it kind of actually adds a little authenticity
to the fact that somebody's playing this live.
Yeah, exactly. At least it's not a video.
Yeah. So, what do you think about PlayStation overall?
Because I, you know, I walked out of the, or didn't physically walk out,
but I kind of walked away from everything I'd watched, kind of going...
Oh, and they showed No Man's Sky, of course. Yeah, I forgot.
Yes, which actually I'm very excited about.
And speaking of the authenticity, I did not mind at all that the guy was like,
oh, I go into this planet, and, you know, some look better, some look worse.
And I kind of thought it was very authentic.
Well, the fact that, like, they showed you the scale of this game is, like, it's ridiculous.
Like, you knew that there was going to be lots of plants and stuff, and it's like,
okay, here's our star chart, and we're going back further, and we're going back further,
and we're going back further.
And in fact, most of these plants, no one's ever going to visit,
because there are so many billions of planets out there that no one's,
not every one of them is going to be visited, is ridiculous.
Or how they were talking about how the, see how the progress was going on with the game,
where they would literally send out, like, probes into space to, like, check on planets out there.
I mean, that's just ridiculous, the mouse scope.
Like, I hope they can pull off something of that scale. That's just ridiculous.
So, I walked away from the Sony thing going, wow, they really kicked a lot of ass.
I mean, that was a, that was a triple threat.
I mean, the fact that they, thwomp, The Last Guardian, it's happening.
It didn't get cancelled, here it is, you know, it's a real thing, and look at the latest footage of it.
And then the fact that, after how many years has there been rumors about a Final Fantasy 7 remake,
probably ever since the PlayStation 2, and the fact that it's fucking happening,
stop talking about it like it's a rumor, it's happening, and it's happening on PlayStation 4 first.
And then the Shenmue 3 thing, I mean, the fact that, you know, for better or for worse, for Kickstarter,
and all that stuff, you know, the fact that it's happening, you know, you...
And it's only happening on PlayStation 4 and PC.
That's still more than we're getting out of Half-Life 3 right now, right?
So, I mean, that was a huge, and for all those games, it's, if you want to play it first,
or if you want to play it at all, it's on Sony.
And I walked away from that going, dang, it's like somebody took a top ten list of what do gamers want on the internet,
and, okay, these are the lowest hanging fruit, this one, we'll do Kickstarter for that one,
and, you know, Square's been talking about this one, so bam, bam, bam, these are the three we're gonna hit.
And they got everybody talking.
But I gotta say, what a fucking amazing game of smoke and mirrors that is.
Because if you think about it, what did Sony show for holiday this year?
There's still time, though. They still, they showed a lot of stuff last year for a holiday this year, I think.
Like, they had all those games, remember, like, all those new IPs that they were showing off,
and I was like, what is that? Like, you know...
I feel like they're in a position, unlike Nintendo, where they can let the third parties,
because there is Street Fighter V...
But they did that last year, though, that's the thing, that's the thing that really bothers me, though,
is they did that last year, they let the third parties kind of take over,
because all they had was the little big Planet 3, and it just wasn't enough to get people interested.
And I think it's gonna be the same problem this year.
Whoop the shit that Call of Duty has, you know, extra content on PlayStation 4, or not even extra, just earlier.
That is so even, so minor, it doesn't matter.
That's not gonna sell you a console.
That's the thing, it's like even an Uncharted collection that's remastered, that doesn't still sell you...
It's just like something that you throw out there when you have a new Uncharted game coming out.
It's not even like a thing to look forward to, I mean, I just don't see that as a big deal.
You know, again, though, judging from the greater, you know, maybe not the audience that listens to this show,
but the more casual gamer, and just judging on what I see on my own Facebook and so forth,
those announcements, those three things, have people hyped.
And that is something that's gonna be in people's mind when they go to the store and they have to decide,
am I gonna get an Xbox One, or am I gonna get a PlayStation 4?
Is, you know, Microsoft, they did a pretty good job saying, this is what you got this holiday.
Sony, eh, but that's still gonna be in people's minds.
Like, I wanna play that Final Fantasy VII remake, I gotta get a PlayStation 4.
Microsoft has this holiday, they have Halo 5.
Halo 5 compared to a fucking remastered Uncharted.
Halo 5, the Rare collection.
Forza 6? Isn't Forza 6 coming out this year?
Forza 6 this year, the smite thing that's a shooter, Guardian, that game.
Rise of the Tomb Raider, although that's a third party, but still.
And all the stuff that they're gonna talk about during Gamescom, which some of that could be this year.
I'm hoping Crackdowns this year.
I mean, even if it's not, though, they could have it early next year.
That's a lot more than, I think Sony's got, don't they have the remastered God of War or something?
But seriously, that's, once again, it's fucking remastered shit.
It's not new. I understand that some people like that, like The Last of Us remastered.
But that was a great game that came out not too long prior to that, and it was just a way to get people into it.
But they don't have anything.
And I'm sorry, even extra missions in certain games, that doesn't sell me a console.
It's just, they're letting it get away from them.
They have inertia, which lets them be able to get away with a little more.
I mean, that's just the reality.
They're in first place right now, they have a little inertia, they can rest on pretty for a little bit.
Will that carry them through 2016? Probably not.
And I think it's going to be a very interesting holiday, you know?
But, you know, Sony, again, Sony could still trump the backwards compatibility thing.
I mean, if they just, and they may or may not go down this path, but Sony may say,
hey, if the disc is in the drive, you're going to be able to stream the game for free.
And that's going to, that could be a huge thing for Sony and people going into, you know, then that backwards-
And for a secondhand store.
That whole backwards compatibility thing that people think about with Microsoft is now no longer a factor.
Now it's, oh, both systems can do it.
So, you know, which one do I want to play more?
So, it's going to be interesting as we go on.
I'll be curious to see.
But, you know, again, I think Sony and Microsoft both did good jobs.
I do feel like Microsoft probably showed a little better what I'm going to get in the next few months.
Nintendo showed definitely a more long-term plan.
But again, you put that list up there of the top ten things gamers want, they attacked three of them.
And that's hard to deny.
I mean, even if those games aren't coming, even if they're through Kickstarter and all that fact,
it's pretty hard to deny that they're making the magic happen.
And a couple of those things were like, you know, oh, I'd love to see this, but there's no fucking way that's happening.
Shenmue III.
Shenmue III.
Or Final Fantasy VII Remake.
Yeah, that's a pipe dream, but sure, let's just throw it up on the list, you know.
And that's huge.
That's huge. Really, you know, Half-Life 3 being announced would have been probably the only other thing that was going to happen.
Anyway, let's move on. Nintendo.
Nintendo was the next day, right?
Yeah, Nintendo, they did their direct.
And it was, I dig the puppets. The puppets were funny.
So, props for that.
I thought it was going to lead to some type of, like, puppet game.
I thought that was the point of that.
Like, and I know that you already have, like, the Yoshi yarn Wooly World thing, but I thought maybe there was going to be, like, I thought, ooh, maybe this is, like, maybe the new Mario game is going to be some type of, like, puppet universe.
Maybe they're going to take that Kirby and kind of put that spin on Mario.
That's where I thought it was headed when I saw the first five minutes, but then, no, just, you know, fun with puppets.
Everybody loves puppets.
We just want gifts. We just want some gifts.
That's really, I think, what it was. They just wanted exposure.
And I don't know, but whatever. It was fun. They had fun with it. So, props to them for that, I guess.
They showed off a lot of new 3DS games.
Zelda Tri Force Heroes looked pretty neat.
You know, three player online co-op.
And they also had, of course, confirmation.
Good job, Nintendo, online. Good job. Clap, clap.
Hyrule Warriors for 3DS. They confirmed that as well.
And it's going to have all new DLC and new characters.
They showed off, was it, Xenoblade Chronicles X for Wii U.
And that'll be a big holiday title for this year, December 4th.
And Animal Crossing Happy Home Designer.
I don't know. It did not catch my interest, I gotta say.
But hey, you'll be happy to know that it's free to play.
Oh, no, wait. No, no, no. I'm sorry. That's not the one that's free to play.
They had the other one, which was, what was the other Animal Crossing game?
There was another one that was Animal Crossing.
Amiibo Party.
Like, amiibo thing.
I'm actually hearing that is not free to play.
Like, it's kind of going back and forth on that.
It seems like you're probably going to buy the game and it comes with one or two amiibo.
You know, it's...
I thought you had the amiibo to play the game, but...
I don't know. I think some listing or price thing kind of showed that it was not actually free to play.
It was some type of weird other issue.
Regardless, I don't care if it's free or not, it looks not interesting to me whatsoever.
And it made me think, like, last week on the show, didn't I say last week on the show,
I would like to see Nintendo take the Animal Crossing franchise and maybe give us a different type of game.
I should have been more specific.
Oops, sorry about that. I apologize.
That's not what I was expecting.
I meant maybe something that was a little more connected, a little more open, a little more...
I would like to see an Animal Crossing game that's a little bit more like...
What is it?
Never mind. I lost it.
Anyways, other things.
They were talking about, you know, of course, pixelated 8-bit Mario amiibo.
Of course, we already talked about that, and that's going to work with Super Mario Maker, surprise.
Mario Tennis, they showed off a new Mario Tennis game, Ultra Smash.
Super Mario Maker is releasing on my birthday, which is kind of interesting.
It looks good, so that'll be September 11th.
And then, of course, they had the Metroid blast ball thing that they were showing off
during the Nintendo World Championships, and that's part of a bigger game called Metroid Prime Federation Force,
which is coming to the 3DS, and people are mixed on that.
There's some very angry change.org petitions out there for this.
I think it looks like shit, to be honest.
No, no, no. I understand, and I've heard people defending it, saying,
Well, you're not the target audience for that, but you know what? You've insulted your...
Metroid was good for being Metroid.
Why are you dumbing this shit down?
Like, I don't understand. Like, I understand you're trying to attract new people to the game.
Just make a great game, and people will play a great game.
People are attracted to great games. You don't have to cater to them.
Platoon's doing great, and that's a new thing.
Exactly. Just make it great for what it is.
Don't have to make a good Metroid Prime game on 3DS. Done.
I think if that Metroid 3DS thing had been followed up with a,
And we're doing a Metroid title on Wii U, then nobody would be complaining right now.
Nobody would be complaining about the 3DS thing.
It would be like, Oh, cute. It's like the last time we got two Metroid games at the same time.
We kind of have options here.
I just think it's a game that doesn't necessarily need the Metroid title in it.
To me, it's like, this is the Lords of Shadows of the Metroid series.
Where it's like another game that they're developing that just,
It had some good gameplay elements to it, but we just can't really sell it on a new franchise.
So let's just attach Metroid to it.
Because let's put it this way. If you look at the Blast Ball stuff, that does not fucking look like Metroid. One bit.
Go to our chatroom over at live.vog network.com.
Eric RPG says, Loki is an old fart. He sounds like an asshat entitled shit gamer.
He's part of the problem. How dare games split off and do new things.
Hey, I don't have a problem with games doing new things. I just want them to do good things.
But you haven't played the game yet. It could be great.
Okay, but it looks like shit. So I'm just telling you based on what I've digested of it so far.
I will say this much. I mean, you might be frustrated with Loki's feedback on this game or what have you,
but go look at that change.org petition whether you, for better or for worse,
there's a lot of people feeling that way after that minute and a half sizzle reel.
And again, I think if it had been followed up with, here's Metroid on the Wii U, I don't think anybody would be having a problem right now.
Look at what's doing really well. I don't have a problem with them making another Metroid Prime game.
I wish they would go back and do a new Metroid 2D game.
Is the problem with the Metroid 3D thing that it feels like a kick in the crotch
because that's what you're getting instead of a Metroid Wii U game?
Is that why people have a problem with it? Is that this is, you know what,
we decided we're not going to give you what you really want. We're giving you this instead.
Well, it's because I think the problem is that, once again, they're talking about this Blast Ball thing,
which it looks, that's a separate game. That should be totally something else.
Just call it Blast Ball and release it on its own without Metroid being tied to it.
I don't understand why that's even there in the first place.
And then as far as like the other part of it, I just, I don't know, I just don't, it looks cheap to me.
It's just not, it's like, oh shit, we just need to release a Metroid game, so here's what we came up with.
I mean, it just doesn't seem like much effort being put into it.
Kind of a common theme with a lot of Nintendo games.
Alright, anything else you want to say about Nintendo?
Because I want to summarize some things here, some thoughts.
Star Fox Zero, which is being made by Platinum Games, which is interesting.
I got to say though, it doesn't look as exciting as the Star Fox level in Bayonetta 2.
And even looking, I understand the Wii U is a pretty decent system.
At the very least, we're talking graphics capable, like the Xbox 360 stuff.
That shit looked fucking Nintendo 64, just looking at it.
I don't know if that's the aesthetic that they're going for, but it looked very like, holy shit, this should be like on a 3DS or something.
Just very, not that impressive.
It's Star Fox, cool. I like Star Fox. I would be willing to check it out, but it's not like, oh my god, I need to buy Wii U because of this game.
That's the problem. They haven't sold me a Wii U yet.
Zelda, that is going to sell me a Wii U. Star Fox is not doing it.
Okay, let me summarize my thoughts here.
Sorry, sorry, real quick.
Bowser and Donkey Kong amiibos are going to be for Skylanders and also regular amiibos and their crossovers in order to get it, you have to buy Skylanders.
That's pretty cool for another audience that isn't me.
That's a very interesting partnership, I will say that.
That kind of made me raise my eyebrow in that regard, that those two toy companies are joining forces.
But as far as the impact on the game itself, I'm not really feeling one way or the other yet.
Why can't we have third parties making amiibos then?
We'll see.
Okay, so here's my thoughts on the whole Nintendo thing.
So, I mean, here's the thing.
I'm not necessarily bad on Nintendo because absolutely I'm getting Super Mario Maker.
That's like LittleBigPlanet for Mario. That game looks fucking awesome.
And, you know, the way they showed it in the Nintendo World Championships, I mean, we were all sitting here glued to the TV last week.
It looks amazing.
Yeah, it looks amazing. That's going to be a kick-ass game.
And then, you know, Star Fox, I'm feeling a little better about it, I think, than maybe Loki is, but I would actually agree.
Is it a system seller? No. Is it a system maintainer? Sure.
But here's the big problem is that we already knew about those games.
And we knew about those games last year.
And I do like that Mario Maker's looking a little more fully featured and maybe fully fleshed out than maybe what was originally realized for the game.
But I just, here's the thing.
Reggie went on the defensive after the press conference because some people were asking him some tough questions.
Oh, thank you for reminding me.
And he said, well, let me finish this.
He said, well, we didn't want to show anything beyond this, you know, we think here at E3 we should be sticking to this nine-month window.
You know, we just want to show what's coming this year.
Which I think was kind of a little poke at Sony.
Maybe just a little bit of a poke.
Maybe not necessarily calling him out, but I definitely felt a little bit of pointed tone there towards why is everybody so impressed with what's going on over here.
We're trying to focus on something that's more immediate.
But the lie detector determined that was a lie.
What did you show last year?
You showed Star Fox and Super Mario Maker.
So if E3 is for showing games that are only six to nine months out, what the hell were you doing last year?
In fact, I would argue Nintendo had a very strong, very strong E3 2014.
And I think that's maybe what disappointed people this year is there was no Splatoon that came out of left field.
There was no Star Fox that came out of nowhere.
There was no Mario.
The element of surprise was gone.
Now I think one thing Nintendo probably could have done a little bit, and don't come at me with the whole,
but they do directs through the whole year and dah, dah, dah, dah, dah.
I already talked about that earlier.
Other companies give you news throughout the year, too, that just Nintendo does it their own little way, which is cool.
But I don't think that excuses them from a large rehashing at this year's E3.
But here's the thing.
And there's one simple change I think Nintendo could have done that would have made things a lot better
and I think would have had a lot less cynicism overall.
Two changes.
One, whoever leaked that patch in Japan, however that got out there that had the Ryu and the Roy and all that stuff on it,
that was a big fuck-up, a giant fuck-up, because that allowed that news to get out there.
And you could have held onto that until E3.
So plug the leak is the first thing.
Number two, I don't understand in retrospect why they gave away as much news on Sunday as they did.
Because I think if they could have ended that thing on Tuesday by saying,
Oh, by the way, obviously they're not going to say it like this, but this is how it's going to redo a lot of people.
That list of the top ten things gamers want?
Well, Sony might have given you this and this and this, but out now on Virtual Console, EarthBound Zero.
There it is from the list.
So I think by telling EarthBound Zero during Nintendo World Championships took a lot of thunder out of Tuesday's presentation.
In fact, I would even go so far to argue doing the Nintendo World Championships on Sunday I don't think was the best idea.
Maybe they did get a better viewership turnout for that, but I think they could have maybe folded that in a little bit to the stuff they do with the Treehouse Live, which is also a good show.
And I think they could have kept a lot of eyes on Nintendo a lot longer during E3.
If they could have announced during that conference, Ryu in Smash Bros. today.
EarthBound Zero out today.
I think that would have taken a lot of the sting of this feels rehashed out of Nintendo's presentation.
And I know some of you are going to come out with your claws because Nintendo didn't rehash, they announced this and this and this.
I'm sorry, most of it was rehashed.
They spent way too much time talking about Yoshi's Woolly World and some of these games that we've already seen a lot of this.
I think it was a mistake to leave Zelda Wii U at home.
Next year should be very exciting for them.
They used the word transition three times, so clearly there is a plan in motion that's going to involve mobile and NX.
So I fully expect Nintendo to kick a lot of ass next year. Don't let me down.
What else was I going to mention? There was something else I had about Nintendo.
I know Reggie talks shit about VR without actually having tried it.
Which was kind of funny to hear him say that.
Hold on, I got to respond to this in chat.
VidPala in chat says, to be fair, Nintendo's E3 2014 didn't have any mention of Star Fox.
It was on the floor. I played it.
It was there. Star Fox was there in 2014.
For the record, I have no opinion on Nintendo's BS because I've never had an opinion on Nintendo's BS.
We just see what we'll see when we see it.
It's not anything worth speculating about.
The thing is, for those that think I'm being totally negative on Nintendo, that's not really the case.
Money talks at the end of the day.
Money talks. Am I going to buy Mario Maker? Yes.
Am I going to buy Star Fox? Yes.
Am I going to buy Xenoblade Chronicles? Yes.
Do I feel a little bit of disappointment that I didn't really get that fun little,
Oh, here's what the next year's going to look like.
Or here's that Metroid game where you've won it.
You haven't given me much to be excited about is the problem.
And I think a lot, not so much with the 3DS.
The 3DS is fine.
And I guess it doesn't really matter as far as the Metroid game.
But the Wii U, you're looking at a console that the majority of the titles on that console,
because you don't have much third-party support, are first-party games.
Each one of those games better be fucking amazing.
Because that's all you've got.
And if you don't have an amazing lineup on that console, you're going to lose people.
And I think showing off Star Fox is just kind of like,
Hey, we put a game out.
I mean, it's Star Fox and people are fans of it, but I don't know.
But tell me, would you like to have a very cautious, conservative announcement,
and then just be completely floored by something right when it drops?
Yes, but I kind of think that that, I think that's not really what,
I mean, because E3 is to get investors excited as well.
And purchasers, you have to do a little bit of fortune telling.
That's what it's all about.
See, Nintendo is just doing all their directs.
I don't think E3 is a big deal for them anymore.
But again, I'm going to say the other companies are, nobody uses only E3 anymore.
The other companies do it throughout the year as well.
And so I just think Nintendo kind of, I mean, and okay,
so maybe they're going to really wow us a Tokyo Game Show or Gamescom or something like that.
I'm just saying, at E3, compared to their competition, I wasn't feeling as,
woo, I was just feeling a little bit like, eh, okay.
How far is Nostalgia going to sell people?
Because I understand there's a lot of people that have bought Wii U's and stuff
that are big Nostalgia fans of Nintendo and enjoy playing their properties.
But how long is that going to continue on?
I mean, they can't just go by that.
They can't just rely on people liking to play Mario games.
I mean, Splatoon was a good example of new IP,
and they really need to be doing more of that.
But once again, they need to turn that shit around with third parties.
Hopefully, with the NX, that's going to be the case.
I just, I'm worried it's going to be something like, you know,
tech that was popular a few years ago, we're just getting into now.
I'm kind of, I don't know, I'm curious to see what it is.
And I hope that they don't screw it up.
Over at live.vognetwork.com,
Dark Tetsuya says, I agree with Rob.
Mario Maker, Xenoblade, and Star Fox will definitely make my holiday,
but I wish there had been another Splatoon-like, but that's just me.
Bonds006 says, people want Nintendo to wow them once a year.
As Rob said, money talks, so Nintendo did their job.
TigerClaus says, Sky, are you going to buy that new Animal Crossing game?
No. And maybe that's part of my negative feeling.
Because, you know, the games that were new were really just not,
I mean, I guess the Zelda thing looked cool, but I was hoping for something on the Wii U.
Well, then they also had that game look like F-Zero.
That looked pretty awesome. That was an indie title.
Yeah, we already knew about that before E3, though.
But are we just going to fill all the gaps with the indie stuff?
I mean, hey, that's cool, you know what?
I'm kind of okay with that.
I doubt that. Then why don't they make that more of a point, then?
Like, show some of the indie stuff that's coming out.
Because if they can use that towards other consoles, why not?
I mean, show that there's stuff there.
That's the problem. Show it there.
Because when they were showing, like, literally the lineup for Wii U,
not, like, in a bridge, like, here's the highlights.
It was the lineup, and it was, like, ten titles.
I mean, that's just bad. That's bad.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat saying,
Rob, you did ask for an Animal Crossing game that wasn't the same as the last six iterations.
Yes, yes, I did address this a moment ago. I should have been more specific.
They should do a new Animal Crossing game like Harvest Moon,
where there's a little bit more RPG, a little bit more, like, actual...
I had no problem with the last Animal Crossing. I thought it was great.
Well, and I'd love to see something on Wii U that takes it a step further,
but, you know, a Mario Party clone isn't it?
Especially with, you know, yay, more amiibo, yay.
SSG100Matt says, over the many years,
OLR has been accused of being an Apple hater, a PlayStation hater,
a Microsoft hater, a Nintendo hater.
It's all cynical, folks. Everyone gets the hate, but also the love at times, too.
I love Nintendo. I would love to play Mario Maker on another platform.
Like, I would love to have that for my PC or something,
or to be able to play it on another platform.
I just don't want to spend $250 to buy a platform to play Mario Maker.
And let's not forget, nine years ago was the year that Sony was a fucking laughing stock
coming out of E3. That was the $599 giant enemy crab.
I want to be as excited about the Wii U as I was when the Wii was announced,
when they were showing off, like, the gameplay and stuff,
and how it was so different and amazing. That's what I want.
They just, like, it's been misstep after misstep, and like,
oh, fuck it, we don't need online, you know? It's ridiculous notions.
I don't feel as pointed as you do, because I do think, you know,
there are some gaming experiences that are fantastic on Wii U.
Mario Kart 8, Smash Brothers, Splatoon. I mean, there are a lot of great experiences.
I'm not sure you're giving them enough credit.
But that's the thing, though. Are they great experiences on their own,
or would they be just as great on another platform?
I mean, that's the thing. It's like, the Wii U doesn't sell me enough on its own.
I think that's a fair criticism. I'm going to be honest, that's a fair criticism.
Could any of those games work on another platform? Yes.
But we all know Nintendo is not going to develop. That's the day when it's over.
I'm not saying that they should.
I'm just saying what's unique that Nintendo brings to the table,
other than this, it's a tablet with another screen on it.
I mean, that's just, I don't know.
When you've said, oh, well, we don't really want to do, you know,
we don't want to have as good of a processor as a PlayStation 4 or Xbox One,
but, hey, we have a second tablet screen.
Show me why I need that. Why do I need that?
Show me the reason.
Rama in chat over at Live.VogueNetwork.com says,
Orange Lounge Radio hates everyone equally. Yes, that's true.
But I also don't like to be just the cynical gamer asshole.
I don't hate them. I just want them to do well.
I just, I hate the direction that they're going.
I always, and I say this on Twitter all the time,
everything can be summed up by a clip from America's Next Top Model
when Tyra Banks yelled at a contestant,
we were rooting for you. We were all rooting for you.
That's Loki. Loki is just Tyra Banks, people. Someday you'll realize it.
I just hope that when Zelda comes out that they make a turnaround.
I hope that that's what does it, and it's amazing. I'm just hoping.
And don't forget to smize. I know your wife makes you watch that show.
I've never seen that show.
Really? I thought Nellie was a huge, Nellie's a huge Tyra Banks fan.
Was. She's a huge, like, to make fun of her Tyra.
She's a huge, likes to make fun of Gwyneth Paltrow fan.
Those are the best posts ever.
SSJ100Matt saying, I remember when Loki had an Apple fanboy hater
that confronted him at a con Q&A.
I remember. That's why live events are fun.
I sort of remember that, but it was the last anime we did.
It was so like, you know, there was no weight behind it.
Just like, why don't you like Apple? I'm like, I think it's overpriced, so okay.
But again, a lot can change in a few years.
All right.
As I hide behind my magic bow.
I'm sorry. My opinion still stands, but you know, they have certain things.
Aesthetic-wise, they're pretty nice. I just, once again,
We're not going to get into.
They didn't show at E3, so let's move on.
Let's get into EA, getting into some of the publishers now
and what they showed at their conference.
We're not going to touch on Bethesda because you already got that last week.
We're also not going to talk about the 90 minutes of like sports talk or like, you know, was it?
Anyways.
No, EA, they had obviously, you know, Mass Effect. Gotta love Mass Effect.
So, nice new trailer for Mass Effect Andromeda.
Need for Speed looks nice. That is a game that I'm excited for.
I definitely want to check that out.
Very, very pretty.
So, I definitely want to see what gameplay looks like on that.
Yeah, so that's pretty cool.
Along with that, you know, they talked a little bit about Star Wars.
They showed, I think they've got like a new expansion coming out for Old Republic.
A little bit of Battlefront. Looked pretty awesome.
So, new things that people weren't necessarily expecting.
Unravel looked pretty amazing.
It was a little surprise.
A little yarn creature thing.
I want it.
So cute.
And that's the type of little E3 surprise that was missing from Nintendo for me.
Show me a thing that I didn't know I wanted until now.
So, that looked pretty cool.
They also showed off Plants vs. Zombies Garden Warfare 2, which I could...
I don't know.
I don't care.
I'm with you.
The first game was kind of take it or leave it for me.
It was the Mass Effect thing in the Plants vs. Zombies universe, but it didn't feel the same to me.
I like the older strategy Plants vs. Zombies games, personally.
I see a lot of people talking about Garden Warfare, so some people are really into it, so cool.
And then Sports, Sports, Sports, Sports, Sports, Sports, Sports.
And they are showing off that they're going to have this game face HD thing where you can scan your face into the system, which makes me just think back to the NBA 2K of last year, which, oh god, that's going to be terrible.
How long before someone scans their dick?
Oh, it's already happened.
You're talking like the first game that you could do that, they did it.
But it's more fun when you scan it like a cat's face or your baby or something like that. That's all fun.
Or in my face raiders on 3DS, because you can scan faces in that too, I scanned a picture of Lady Gaga. So Lady Gaga is in my face raiders game.
And then, as if for me, I couldn't really give a shit about sports games. And that's just my personal opinion. I just don't like sports.
But they sell.
They sell, and I understand.
They have to talk about it.
And I don't have a problem with them.
I wish I was in the sports. No, I don't wish I was in the sports, but if I was in the sports, they'd be really cool.
Then they said, hey, let's talk about mobile games.
And I was just like, okay, I really don't give a shit anymore.
So they talked a little bit about the different games they're going to be having coming out.
Star Wars Galaxy of Heroes and some stupid minion game and just like, whatever, you know.
And then, then they talked to Pele for way too fucking long.
That was, I mean, I get that the guys...
Pele's a legend.
I understand he's a legend, but like, dude, this is like...
Not really the right time. Not the right time.
So, I just, I don't know.
Mirror's Edge Catalyst, new game that's going to be coming out that's sort of a reboot, I guess, of Mirror's Edge.
I don't know if it's a remaster or whatever, but not necessarily a sequel.
I get the feeling it's just like, let's take the idea and put it in an alternate universe type of thing.
Like, that's kind of the...
Fan fiction!
Yes, it's fanfic.
And it's going to be an open world this time, so you'll be able to go wherever you want.
It looks hot.
Yeah, it looks pretty cool.
It's just, um, I hope I know where I'm going, because it's going to be like, uh, uh, uh.
How much up here? Oh, falling to death.
I don't usually get the motion sickness so bad playing games, but I'm a little worried that game's going to make me barf.
We'll see.
Um, and then, uh, just basically they talked, like I said, more about Battlefront and showed off some gameplay.
It looks amazing.
Um, so, kind of want to check that out.
Um, and of course, you know, they had the big thing that ended with, you know, Luke Skywalker fighting Darth Vader on Hoth.
And that didn't really happen, but it's cool.
But fanfic. It can happen now.
It can.
Anything is possible thanks to the magic of video games.
Yes.
Uh, for time, let's move on, try to get Ubisoft out of here and then, uh, we'll talk quickly about the PC and then, uh, move on.
Alright, and then Ubisoft, they kind of showed off a lot of the stuff that they had, um, last year.
Of course, one of the things that was brand new, they talked about how, um, now you'll also be able to play as a female character in Assassin's Creed, um, Syndicate.
So, that's pretty nice, kind of addressing the gender concerns before.
Um, so, that's nice.
Um, this was kind of unexpected and, you know, it was a great game and I kind of forgot about it, but South Park is getting a brand new game.
The Fractured But Whole.
I love that name so much.
It's perfect. It's a South Park game.
It is.
So, it's their take on the Avengers, right?
I don't know.
I think that's what it's supposed to be, it's kind of like the superhero thing.
Dark Soccer, are you interested in a game called The Fractured But Whole?
No.
I wasn't even interested in the last game that came out. I'm not a South Park fan.
Oh, it's fun. It's fun. I think they're funny.
This was being developed by a different studio, though. It's in-house this time. San Francisco's doing it.
I can't wait.
Yeah, no. Matt and Trey are involved again, too.
I loved the last one. In fact, I was just thinking earlier today, I was like, damn, I gotta go back and finish that game.
But, like, I can't wait. I think it's gonna be amazing.
This is what we get instead of a movie.
I'll take it. I honestly don't care.
So, then of course they showed off a little bit more of Tom Clancy's The Division.
Along with that, prior to that, though, they had a trailer for what can be described.
I don't even know what this can be described as, but it's a Trials game.
Trials Fusion, awesome level max.
The trailer was, because Trials, you know, is the game, it's sort of a puzzle racing game where you're racing on a dirt bike and you go through levels and stuff and you have to go through all the ramps and try to make things.
This, however, had a horse that breathes fire and was ridden by a cat with a triple rainbow in the background.
Why not? Just turn it up to 11. Take it to 11.
It's amazing. I don't even know what it is, but I want it.
So, that'll be coming out as well.
Let's see. So, then of course they're showing off lots of Tom Clancy's stuff.
They announced a little bit, was it Ghost Recon? A new Ghost Recon game that they have coming out.
They announced Angela Bassett and that was all I needed.
I'm not usually interested in those Tom Clancy games, but they were like, hey, Angela Bassett's in it.
And I'm like, you have my attention.
And also, I think, was it the Crew Wild Run expansion?
I never got into the Crew. The Crew looked interesting.
They have a demo out now. They're trying to get more people in it.
Yeah, the Wild Run is supposed to be more of like the rally stuff that they had in Forza Horizon.
So, I don't know. It'll be worth checking out, I guess.
Let's see. What else?
God, I don't know.
Some folks in chat talking about the whole Just Dance will no longer require a camera
because you can hold your smartphone and the gyroscopes in the phones will now send the dance data
or whatever you want to call it to your system.
So, it's an interesting little way to get around the whole fact that most PlayStation 4 owners don't have a camera
and now there's an Xbox without Kinect. So, kind of interesting.
That is interesting.
Smart.
The Just Dance thing.
Is it also going subscription-based or unlimited or something?
Yeah, they're going to have where it's like, think of SingStar, I guess.
Where you just basically buy DLC for it.
And they're going to have like 150 plus of the greatest Just Dance hits.
And there was an awkward musical interlude.
Oh, God, yes. Oh, yes. That was pretty...
Potty break.
What else? I'm trying to think.
They showed off more Assassin's Creed stuff, as I mentioned.
What was it? They have a new...
Oh, what game was that?
God, I'm looking at the screenshot and I can't remember the fuck this is called.
What the fuck?
A racing game.
Not The Crew?
No, Not The Crew. It's the one we actually did a fog game night on.
Trackmania.
Trackmania. There we go.
I had the name and I could see it. I just couldn't remember what it was called.
New Trackmania game that they showed off.
Which actually looked pretty cool.
So, I don't know.
There you go.
And, yeah. And then of course...
New...
Lots of new games.
Alright, let's wrap it up here. We're trying to get to the end of the segment.
Lots of E3 news.
Quickly, that PC press conference.
Oh, God.
Kind of weird.
Little bit like...
It was a big ol' waste.
Just have a damn late night talk show already, damn it.
They showed off quite a bit of...
There wasn't a whole lot to talk about.
They announced that the Gears of War remastered thing is going to be coming to PC.
They showed off a few trailers for new things.
One of them that looked pretty awesome was a new game that's like theme park but not theme park.
Called Coaster World or something like that.
Planet Coaster.
And that looked pretty cool. That was a cute little trailer that they had.
Really, it was just like a whole lot of AMD talking about their cars and it was just...
There were a few big things that came out of that, though.
Like the whole killer instincts in PC and Blizzard teased like a Heroes of the Storm thing.
You know, there was a few things here and there, but overall it was too long.
It was.
There was a lot of people involved.
I watched the whole thing expecting Gabe to drop from the ceiling with microphones or something, but I was just...
But like he's in Moulin Rouge or something?
No, it's like repelling, you know, fucking Mission Impossible style or something.
I just was hoping for something exciting.
I'm like, why would they have this thing?
I mean, they're obviously not going to waste three hours for like this.
And then they did waste three hours for that.
So, yeah.
All right. Well, there you go. There's a look back at E3.
We'll get some of your thoughts.
Oh, nope, nope, nope, nope, nope, nope, nope.
In addition to what we talked about in the chat...
Hold on, hold on.
Now I'll let Loki have his one more thing.
In addition to what we talked about in the chat room here, and then we'll get your calls later on as well.
1-877-GAMEO-LR or username on Skype, Orange Laundredo.
But Loki forgot something.
Square Enix.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah, because they have that little thing called Kingdom Hearts 3.
Oh, yeah, I forgot about that.
Yeah, so Kingdom Hearts 3...
Another game they'll get to play in 2018.
It looks nice.
They're showing off some of the stuff on that.
Obviously, they've got part of the world that's Tangled is gonna be featured in there,
because they showed off a little bit of that.
Yeah, they didn't really announce any sort of dates or anything on that.
Just Cause 3 looks amazing.
They showed more Hitman, which I think that looks pretty good.
People there, you're hyped about a Nier sequel.
Nier sequel.
Also being done by Platinum Games.
Platinum and all the things.
And, of course, Just Cause 3, that's supposed to be out December 1st.
So, absolutely on my list to buy this year.
All right.
There you go.
Let's...
Because we're running an hour 45, so we're not even a break yet.
So, why don't we get to our classic game of the week?
We'll do just a little more news as well when we come back from the break.
But before we go to a break, we want to do the classic game of the week.
So, every week, Dark Soccer likes to step into the gaming vault
and find a game that she thinks, hey, you little brats,
you know, since you're not going to be playing any of that shit you saw this week until 2019 anyway,
why don't we take a look at a classic?
And you can play it right effing now.
Dark Soccer.
What should the kids be checking out this week?
Bust out your Super Nintendo.
Party like it's 1977.
Cause Super Star Wars is the game.
Well, you know Star Wars came out in 1977, right?
Okay.
Yes.
So, the reason why I picked this is because Luke and his daddy issues.
Yes.
Sorry I didn't time that better for your big announcement of the game.
That's okay.
And Dan said I should have done Super Return of the Jedi, but nah.
We'll start with the beginning.
Do what you want.
That means I can do the other ones later.
So, Super Star Wars came out in 1992 and it came out on the Super Nintendo.
It was based off of Star Wars, which tells the story, but not quite the same way.
There's some differences, of course, and it came out on Virtual Console in 2009.
This particular one actually is mostly a run and gun type of play with a few other challenges
like driving a land speeder or piloting an X-wing.
You've got the different abilities in there, but basically, like, you have to, they change
certain things around.
Instead of going and buying C-3PO and R2D2, you have to fight the sand, you know, actually
go through the sand collar across conveyor belts and shooting Jawas, which is actually
really fun.
And you have cut scenes and then you get to play as either Han Solo or Chewbacca.
And basically, it's just really fun.
Later on in the game, Luke gets his lightsaber and there was actually a little bit of a,
I'd say a minor controversy around this.
Or I should say just a real big disappointment.
Because this game was supposed to include, you know, lots of, you know, scenes from the
movie and everything.
Like, you do the trench run at the Death Star and all that's there.
But, um, the game was supposed to also have the, um, the trash compactor level.
And it turned out that, and they actually put that in an ad showing the trash compactor
level.
Even, you know, targeting that one is, hey look at this, you get to do this iconic scene.
And they didn't leave it in there because it took up too much room on the cartridge.
It didn't have room for it.
Um, they did put in a boss creature that was based off of one of the chess pieces in
the Millennium Falcon.
Um, that image by the way was posted in EGM, which I can find for folks if you want to
see it.
Um, there did come out a PC port in, well actually it was planned in 1994.
Um, it was almost done.
It was in play testing and LucasArts scrapped it in 1995.
Um, you can find it on the internet, but it's not in public domain yet.
Um, Super Star Wars is also listed as one of the best movie to game adaptations there
are.
So, there you go.
Super Star Wars.
I love this game on Super Nintendo.
Like, I like Star Wars.
I don't love it like a lot of people do, but I like it.
And I really liked this game.
It was a great little tie in.
You're right.
Usually movie games don't end up so well, but this was definitely an exception.
It was a lot of fun.
So, there it is.
Your classic game of the week.
Super Star Wars.
Fun times.
Alright, um.
What's that?
I found the picture.
I'm going to link it in the chatroom.
Put that in our chatroom over at live.vognetware.com.
Uh, some folks in our chatroom are talking about that Super Star Wars.
SH200Matt says Super Star Wars series was hard.
Super Star Wars was the easiest of the group and YYR saying, I remember it being very difficult.
The others were harder.
The others were harder?
Yeah.
It was a very hard series of games.
No cheat codes or easy mode either.
Yeah, there were.
Oh, were there?
Yeah, there were game genie codes.
Well, that's different.
But I want to say that there was a cheat for Super Star Wars that was like a level skip cheat.
But you could put any of the games into debug mode.
Using, or like the developer mode.
Using the game genie.
Alright.
Uh, yeah, I didn't really have the game genie though, so that's why I don't remember it so well.
Alright, anyhow, we're going to take a break guys.
But when we come back, there is plenty more of Orange Launch Radio to come.
We're going to touch on some non-E3 news.
Believe it or not, there's some news that didn't happen at E3 we'll touch on this week.
And then of course, your thoughts.
We want to know what you guys thought about everything that went on this week at the big show.
And who knows, whatever else.
So, we'll be right back with more of Orange Launch Radio right after this.
Music
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live on this Sunday evening, June the 21st of 2015 with kind of an E3 wrap up episode here.
By the way, did you know also this week, we have a birthday coming up this week.
In fact, it's on, let's see, Monday, Tuesday.
Tuesday would be the 13th birthday of our show.
June 23rd, 2002 is the very first episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
I'll try to think of something special to do on that day.
I know, we'll just release Batman Arkham Knight.
Alright, we'll give you Batman Arkham Knight that day.
Isn't yours soon?
Yes, my birthday, yes, because OLR and my birthday are very close together.
My birthday is Friday, actually.
And Alan right after?
Alan is a couple weeks after.
He is 7878.
I should do something nice for you guys.
You are nice just by being in our lives.
And I mean that.
But I could get you pizza.
But pizza would be awesome.
I love it.
Alright, hey, so we're going to get back into talking about some of the other things that happened this week.
And we're going to get your feedback and all that good stuff as well.
But actually what I want to do, I want to call an old friend of the show here.
Because we're going to talk to one of our buddies.
I like this guy an awful lot about a new project he's working on.
And we're going to talk to YYR.
We're going to give him a call right now.
YYR, of course, the mind behind bringing OLR dream games to life.
He brought us Pixel Poops, which is available for like four more weeks.
Hey, YYR.
Pixel Poops for four more weeks on the PlayStation Vita and PlayStation Television.
Of course, you can check out Bungee Ferret Tossing and some other classics available on Xbox Live and New Arcade.
And he's here tonight to talk about what's next.
And he just spilled the beans in our chat room live during the break.
And so we're watching YouTubes of this latest project here, YYR.
Tell us a little bit about this.
Is this the next dream game, YYR? What is this that you're working on?
Well, actually, this isn't an OLR dream game at all.
This is something that I was just thinking, you know what, maybe it would be fun if...
And honestly, I wasn't sure if this would be fun until I started putting it together
and then got to a certain point when I could actually try playing multiple games at a time.
The idea, it's called multitasking.
And actually, and I'm not in front of a laptop anymore, so I can't remember who,
but someone in chat was like, oh, so it's kind of like WarioWare.
You know, you're playing short little mini games except you have to play more of them at a time.
And that's basically what it is.
The tasks are simple and they're designed to be simple.
You're in a car, move left and right to avoid the other cars.
You're playing Pong, hit the ball back.
You have to guess which number out of the two displayed is higher.
These are things that on their own aren't going to be very difficult.
But after the first 30 seconds or so, you have to start doing at least two of these at a time,
and then three, and then eventually, if you're good enough, four.
And really, the test is not with the games themselves, which, by the way, will get harder and faster,
but in multitasking, after all, is the name of the game.
Do you narrate over these YouTubes, or is this just gameplay rips?
It is simply gameplay.
Let me do a little bit of audio here.
So you can actually, now I know you guys can hear this, but you can't really see it,
but essentially, in the game multitasking, you've got four different windows.
And one of them has the left button, the left trigger, right trigger, right button.
Another one has the left thumb stick, the other one has the right thumb stick,
and the other one has the A, X, Y, B buttons.
And it's like WarioWare, like YY said,
but right now, you're having to do the racing with the left stick and play Pong with the buttons,
and now all of a sudden, this guy's having to dodge weights on the right.
This is, I gotta say YYR, I don't use this term lightly,
and I'm watching this, and I'm watching this during the break, and my jaw hit the floor.
This is brilliant.
Really?
No, this is brilliant.
And yes, it's absurdly simple with the graphics and everything.
I mean, you don't have this whole Final Fantasy VII remake-looking game here,
but gameplay is what it's about.
And you've taken a game like WarioWare, which has been dormant from Nintendo for a long time,
and you've put this twist on it that makes it absurdly unique.
Like, what am I going to do with all this space on a widescreen TV with all these retro games?
I know. Let's do four of them at once.
And I see elements, like, there's that shooting game you had on Xbox Live before,
so I see elements of your other games.
Actually, I just ripped the graphics from that, too.
YYR, this is brilliant, and I'm going to ask you a tough question that Bobby is asking in chat,
because this is the question I have to ask.
Bobby in chat says,
Why limit to Xbox Live indie games when it's pretty much dead to anyone else not creating games for Xbox Live indie games?
I'm telling you, if you had a way of getting this on, like, PlayStation Store or something like on a bigger scale,
which I know is not the easiest thing to do, I'm telling you, this could be a huge concept winner.
Like, I think this would be huge with retro gaming fans. Huge.
Hmm. Because, I mean, honestly, I was thinking of putting it out for now on indie games,
and then maybe, you know, porting it to Unity and releasing it for other things later,
but are you suggesting maybe it be a better idea to scrap it for indie games and just go straight to that?
I won't be able to get that out this year.
I'm going to let the chat have their say, but my thought is, go ahead and do your Xbox release,
because you know what? Fuck it. We're on Xbox Live. We're going to download the game.
We'll enjoy this game. We'll know it's there, and the other people, you know, maybe can help build a little bit of buzz.
I wonder how long they're going to keep that service going, too. I'm kind of wondering about that.
Yeah. You know, I thought about it, and honestly, I think it depends entirely on what their backwards compatibility strategy is.
I honestly, if I were a betting man, I would bet against them bringing the indie games service to the backwards compatibility,
but if they do, I don't see any reason for them to put it away anytime soon, because, you know, if it's backwards compatible,
then the store can be open and Microsoft can collect money from it for pretty much infinity.
So why shut down a source of income?
But Bobby's bringing up a good point. You take a risk. If you put it out there on Xbox Live indie games,
somebody might beat you to the punch importing it to Unity.
You know, something you might want to do, and I can't believe I'm just going to, like, throw this out here, like, consulting, live on air, free.
Honestly, who I think you should talk to, and I know you know this guy and your friends with this guy,
you need to talk to Kyle and talk to him about the whole patent thing that we talked about a couple weeks ago on the show,
and see what you can do, if there's anything you can do to protect some of the ideas that you have in this game.
Of course, you also have to worry about, are you in, but you might want to, and I know it's like,
God, Rob, you just took what's supposed to be a fun project, but I'm just, I'm looking at this going,
this could be tournaments, this could be, like, if he fleshes this out a little more, this is tournaments,
this is speedrunner's dreams, this is livestream reactions. I'm honestly getting that from this.
And again, why we are, it's such a stupidly simple idea, I'm looking at it going, how is this not already a game?
So I'm sorry, I made your life so much more difficult, but I mean it as a compliment,
and the utmost, like, positive feedback on a two-minute YouTube clip I'm seeing for this game.
This is really interesting, yeah. You know what, maybe I should look into this whole patent thing.
I mean, that would save me, regardless of what I put it out on first.
I mean, I don't, hmm.
Now, check this out.
I'm not sure anyone would go and take the time to, you know, try and put another one to, well, I don't know.
I have no idea.
YYR.
Pretty much everyone has more free time than me, so.
YYR, take this as a compliment.
This is definitely something to think about.
Take this as a compliment, because you know this man doesn't give positive feedback all the time.
Bobby Blackwolf is in chat, Bobby Blackwolf is in chat saying, let me put it to you this way,
I'll steal it and make it for Unity if you don't.
I'll even make it for-
I would be so honored.
I'll even make it for VR, where you have to look at the other screens physically.
You can't have them all in your vision at the same time.
Okay, that actually would be impossible and not a good idea.
So now I have them in your vision all at the same time, so for HoloLens.
Oh good, now we have something here.
But no, actually, one of the really big things, I just got,
honestly, all the sound effects were created and put in the game over the last five or so days.
I've been absolutely going crazy working on this thing, and let me tell you,
after the sounds are in, it's a lot easier, because those audio cues, they help so much.
How fast did you put this together?
I started this in January, but I've really, seriously, regularly been working on it,
probably for about the last three, three and a half months or so.
And honestly, I don't think I would have to throw it all out and start over to port it to Unity,
but because Unity works so different from-
The kinds of games I make are not, okay, we drop your character into a level,
and he can explore and go around and do things and interact with the level.
That's the kind of game that Unity is perfect for.
Other kinds of games, you have to kind of dance around the system,
maybe pooping as you go, I don't know, to get it to do exactly what you want it to do.
There would definitely be a little bit of dancing involved here, but I probably could make it work.
I know you called in here to have a little celebration, like,
hey, I've got another project coming to Xbox Live, have the OL Army check it out and see if you guys have fun with it.
And so I know it's like, shit, I just made your life difficult.
But I mean it in the most complementary of ways,
is that this may be an idea you don't want to let go lightly,
because, and I could, you know what, Aaron, I could be wrong.
This could release and then nobody seemed, it doesn't register on anybody's radar or what have you,
but I feel like if any of your projects are worth trying,
I feel like that, and some of the listeners are probably going to be going like,
Rob is sure talking this shit up, but I just,
do you know how like some of the video games that go viral and get the craziest amount of traction
are sometimes just a simple twist on a known formula?
And like Pac-Man Championship Edition, right?
Pac-Man Championship Edition was like the best, right?
And it was Pac-Man, but with a new idea, right?
And DX was even better.
Yeah.
I spent so much time on that game.
Yeah, and I'm just saying, I see that here.
When I look at this, I go, I feel like somebody's done a YouTube,
where they take three copies of WarioWare and put them all together and play them at the same time.
Oh, I think I heard about that.
I know that there were videos of someone playing Mario or something three times,
but yeah, this is, hm.
See, the thing is though, this is meant to be,
this is the only reason why I'm thinking maybe this is, or isn't, I don't know.
But anyway, that wasn't English, I understand that.
So basically what this is right now supposed to be is essentially a party game.
Pass the controller, see who can last the longest.
There's also a practice mode where you can basically set up specific situations.
All kinds of options in there, it's actually really cool.
And then there'll be a challenge mode which has pre-designed scenarios,
like having to do the driving game on both slots at the same time
or having to do four different space games all at once,
like pre-designed, see how many of these you can clear kind of deal.
But beyond that, that's it.
This is not a sort of thing that I think is going to have hours and hours and hours and hours of replay value.
I think this is going to be the perfect dollar game to bring out at a party a couple of times.
That's, I think, the greatest weakness, if any, of this game.
It's an experience. It's something you should try once in your life and then maybe come back to.
But I don't know. I don't know.
I seriously, if you end up wanting to put it out on Xbox Live, you know what, it's your thing.
Do it and we're going to support it and I'm going to play the crap out of it.
But I'm just going to say, walk away from today and really kind of sit here and go,
okay, Rob says I've got a really good idea. The chat room all says I've got a really good idea.
There's a post in the chat room, what was I going to say, by DKB,
to actually someone has made something similar, actually called multitasking on congregate.
Uh oh. Uh oh. So yeah.
Really?
Yeah. So look into that a little bit. Make sure you're not stepping on anybody's toes or whatever.
Again, you might have some different thoughts and a way to differently implement it and so forth.
Thank you to the person who pointed that out.
Yeah. So definitely weigh all these factors before you.
It is a little bit different. I mean, they've got some of the similar puzzles like moving up and down the voice spikes,
moving, bouncing the ball.
I want to see this.
So it's similar and they keep adding different screens, but the games don't change.
Oh, this is, okay. This is different YYR. I'm looking at it. It's, it's pretty different.
It's a similar concept.
It's all the same, but it's different.
Yeah. It's different. It's the idea of playing multiple games at a time, but it's, I don't think you would have to worry about stepping on the toes too much.
So anyway.
Okay.
Uh, YYR, uh, you know what? If you don't end up doing this as soon as you initially thought, that's okay.
It's just like everything else we've heard about at E3 this week. You've got till 2017 as far as I'm concerned.
But don't wait that long. Don't wait that long.
Don't wait that long.
Well, I don't know. They might step on the toes of PixelShit's MMO development.
Well, uh, YYR, you've got-
I will say this much though. Um, I, the videos are unlisted, you know, and, uh, you know, as long as the links don't get reposted elsewhere, uh, you know, it's not, it's not going viral or anything.
Um, and I'll say this much. Um, if past years at the Too Many Games convention are any indication, um, I don't think, you know, there's anyone from the big games press that's going to be there.
So, um, but I do intend to have this along with, um, the latest version of Pixel Poops, uh, which has touch control and also, uh, the latest version of Snake Party, uh, which is, you know, the evolution of Snake 360.
And I was planning to be at Too Many Games, uh, in the Philadelphia area this coming weekend.
Actually, I think that's a smart idea. And Bobby may disagree with me here because he's already ready to steal your idea.
But I think putting it out there and seeing how people really react to it, like putting it next to other games-
Yes, that was the goal.
You know what? Because maybe I don't know what I'm talking about. Maybe this isn't, you know, this is just, oh, Rob really likes it, but it doesn't have the ability to gain further traction.
But you're going to get that instant feedback at a show that you're not going to get anywhere else.
So, and Bobby says, I approve of a focus test. And I think that's a good way to put it. You're essentially doing a focus- it's a location test, just like Konami.
So, location test the game.
Honestly, I would not release a game anymore without showing it at a convention or something.
Um, Bungee Ferret Tossing, actually, I brought it to a magfest and a bunch of people played it.
And one of them turned to me and said, you know, I feel like it needs something. Like, what you have is fun, but I feel like it needs a little something more.
And at that point, all I had was, you know, you're throwing ferrets at enemies on the ground.
It was after that that I added the bird and a few other elements that made the game much better.
And so, it's like, after that, I can't do it anymore. I can't release a game without just having a whole bunch of people test it.
And I definitely recommend that to any aspiring game developer as well.
I'll keep that in mind.
Yeah, do it. Do it.
Uh, bonds006 in chat says, so is today like YYR's E3 presentation? Yes, it is.
And you know what? He's been a great supporter of the show, and so we're supporting him in kind.
So, if we are giving him a stage to make his E3 presentation, then so be it.
I may have said it before, but I'll say it again now. If I somehow wind up popular, famous, whatever one day, I will still announce my new games on OrangeLawn's radio, because screw everyone else.
You're a great man, YYR. Screw everyone else. Man, I wish I could get, like, frickin' one of the other big game developers to say that.
Gabe Newell.
Yeah, I want Gabe Newell to say, screw everyone else, go to OLR.
Half Life 3 announced on OrangeLawn's radio.
Someday.
Well, you know what? If this game does become huge, and people are speedrunning it, and it's on the next, you know, Games Done Quick and all that stuff, I'm gonna remember.
It's okay.
That was YYR's E3.
It's okay, Gabe. You can announce Half Life 3's release date on our show. No one would believe you anyways, and no one listens to it.
Alright, Aaron, buddy, I'm gonna let you go so we can wrap up the rest of E3, but I do want to give one more shout out.
Pixel Poops, only, what, four more weeks left to get that on PlayStation Vita?
Probably closer to three and a half, yeah, something like that.
July 15th, and definitely check out some of the other stuff on PlayStation Mobile as well.
There's a lot of little, it's a lot like the Xbox Live indie games. A lot of little fun games there.
Some crap, but a lot of fun little games. And they're cheap, so.
I hope that they replace PlayStation Mobile with something. And I'm surprised we haven't heard too much about ID at Xbox.
I thought they were supposed to be doing this all day.
Well, games are coming out. And in fact, I've actually seen areas of the dashboard that say, hey, play the new ID at Xbox releases.
So, they haven't swept it under the rug or anything. Games are coming out.
I thought they were supposed to do an update to make, like, the Xboxes and the dev units or something like that. I don't know.
I'm not sure if that's happened yet. But I was going to apply to the program probably sometime early next year.
So, if I find out, I'll let you know.
Cool. Alright. Well, everybody, best of luck with the project. Again, I'm sorry to make things complicated for you, but I think it's for good reason.
No, no, thank you so much for the input and advice. I value everything that you guys do. So, thank you so much for that.
This is one of those...
And also, thanks for allowing me to come and spread my gaming love as I love to do.
You know I mean this as a compliment. Your talent deserves more than just falling into this black hole on Xbox Live Indie games, hoping to be discovered, maybe being that 1%.
Your talent deserves more than that, and I hope this game is the one to make people realize that.
And if you ever, by the way...
Thank you so much, Rob.
You're welcome.
If you ever, by the way, need anyone to do any type of banner or anything that you need for distribution at conventions or whatnot, I'll do it for free.
Listen to some of this. Bobby's offering to port it to VR, but you have connections. Think about it. Don't make any rush decisions, buddy.
Thank you guys. Thank you guys so much.
You are welcome so much. Many best wishes for success.
Thank you.
Take care.
All right. Enjoy the rest of your show. I hope you all have a good week.
Hey, have fun at the Too Many Games Expo.
I plan to, and I hope to see some members of the OL Army there.
I seem to remember there was at least one person who wrote or called in and said that it was going to be their first convention, so I look forward to meeting them there.
All right. Awesome. Be sure to tell YYR that you're there to steal all the good ideas from Multitask.
All right. Take care, my friend.
All right. Take care, you guys.
Bye.
You know, I bet Bobby's going to show up in, like, glasses and a hat.
I'm just here to playtest. I'm not here for any particular reason.
All right.
ActDeftInChat says, YYR, if you need a translation for the game or game descriptions for the game in Spanish, you know who to call.
BlackWolf says, already booked my flight.
I just, you know, I meant what I said to Aaron. He's a talented guy, and he's been good enough to make some of our silly-ass ideas come to light.
And if he's got a really good idea I think might need a second look and a little more attention, I'm going to tell him, even if it's live on a broadcast.
Let's move on.
Getting back into the swing of the show, I want to travel around the world and check out some release dates.
We didn't do that in the first half of the show because we were busy talking E3, but let's talk about what is coming out to a game store near you.
Loki, how about the US?
This week I'm actually getting at least a couple of good things.
First being Batman Arkham Knight that's coming out on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC.
Also, Final Fantasy XIV Heaven Sword is going to be coming out on PlayStation 4, PlayStation 3, and PC as well.
And finally, Ride on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One from Bandai Namco.
Bandai Namco?
Bandai Namco Namdai, yes. It's a new company I'm made of.
I think that should be there.
It's an alternate company and another dimension that makes actually good Ridge Racer games now.
And then finally, Child of Light is also getting a box release for Vita.
And that is it.
There we go. Let's travel to Japan and check out the releases there.
Final Fantasy XIV also gets its Japanese release, obviously with an MMO that's big in both Japan and the States.
They've got to release it at the same time, so you have that coming out on June the 23rd.
After that though, on June the 25th, we have Chaos Child on the PlayStation 4,
Hotline Miami collected edition and Ride, as well as the Watch Dogs complete edition getting their release in Japan this week.
That's all on the PlayStation 4.
Xbox One, similar story, but you get Azito Cross Tatsunoko Legends and then BlazBlue.
What?
Yeah, I was like, wait a minute, is that like a...
What?
This game looks fun.
What? Tatsunoko game?
Yeah, this is Azito Cross Tatsunoko and it looks like a little like...
It almost looks like a Sim Tower type of like graphics, like a...
This looks cute.
It's on the bone.
Does it have little anime clips in it too?
Oh my god, I wouldn't be able to play it.
Yeah, and it's on, did you say, uh, it's on the bone.
It's on the bone.
Well I'm glad I bought one. Is the bone region free?
The bone is region free.
The bone is region free?
Yes.
Dark Soccer is giving me a very sad little girl face right now.
There was one I forgot to mention just because I saw it and I assumed it has already been out.
Granted though, San Andreas is getting a box release for Xbox 360. That's the HD remaster of it.
Oh, there you go. Wait, the HD remaster for the 360?
Yeah, for Grand Theft Auto, San Andreas.
Oh, for San Andreas. Of course, of course. Makes sense.
Going on to the Wii U. Nothing this week on the Wii U. Yoshi's Woolly World in July in Japan.
But checking out the PlayStation Vita. PlayStation Vita, still so much happening on the Vita over there.
Chaos Child, Freedom Wars gets a price reduction.
Fushigi no Gensoku, The Tower of Desire, Harvest Over Ray, Hotline Miami release on the Vita as well.
And what I think is going to be a big deal for a lot of people.
In fact, I know my buddy Shane has preordered his copy to come in from Japan of Persona 4, Dancing All Night.
There is also an entire Vita dedicated to Persona 4.
You can actually get a Vita bundle for Persona 4, Dancing All Night.
So I'm sure Shane isn't the only one I know that's going to be importing that.
That looks like a lot of fun.
So there you go. That's, oops, I'm sorry, 3DS, 3DS.
3DS gets Kaitou Joker, Toki wo Keru, Kaitou to Ushi Narueita.
Hosuke comes out from Nandai Bamco this week.
Oh my god, this has Kishon in it.
Now you're looking at that game.
Yachiman and Yachiman and even Tetuan Atom.
It looks fun. I wonder if that's something we're going to get up here.
Not Tetuan Atom, why did I say that? Speed Racer. I don't know why I said that.
Anyhow, how about the UK, Darzara?
I'm sorry, I'm enthralled right now.
In the UK, on the 23rd, we have Batman Arkham Knight on the big 3 of PlayStation 4, Xbone, and PC.
On the 24th, Her Story on iOS, Mac, and PC.
On the 26th, Samurai Warriors Chronicles 3 on 3DS and Vita.
And Tokiden Kiwami on PC.
And that's pretty much it as far as UK releases are concerned.
But, Tatunoko game.
Sorry, I had to run to the other room and yell at Alan really quick.
Because I made some popcorn during the break.
And so yeah, I made the popcorn and I put myself a bowl.
And then I went to go get the bag and it was gone.
I was like, wait a minute, I saw Alan walk into the kitchen during the break.
Sure enough, I went into the back room and Alan's got an empty bag of popcorn and a big old grin.
But it's kettle corn. Isn't it kettle corn?
It's kettle corn, I love kettle corn.
Oh my god, the kettle corn's the best.
Loki disapproves.
Yeah, well no one asked.
Isn't that the theme of this show?
I know no one asks, but I still grace you with my opinion.
We're so fortunate for it.
Alright, let's get to the FUGL question of the week.
Every week we go to our...
I think we might have to re-approach the idea of going video.
Because you needed to see Loki make his big frown and thumbs down.
Alright, let's get to the FUGL question of the week.
Every week we go to our Facebook and Google Plus communities and we get a segment called OOGLE.
Let's go over to Facebook and see what folks had to say to our question this week.
Which was all about, of course, E3.
And very similar to what we did at the top of the show.
We wanted to know what's the one thing that brought the biggest smile to your face during this past week.
After all, if it is the Christmas or, you know, insert holiday festival of your choice here.
If it is that of the video gaming world, then it ought to bring a smile to your face.
Just like a big present does in the winter time.
So try to keep it positive.
And I forced the listeners, I said one thing.
You name more than one, I ain't reading it.
So let's get to it.
Critical Myth says Final Fantasy VII Remake.
William Murderface says Kingdom Hearts 3, the one game that could make me want a console.
Haseo Sumeruwagawa says Square Enix Announcements.
Oh, that's two.
Renji2214 says Rise of the Tomb Raider since I was a huge fan of the remake.
And for what I saw in the Microsoft conference, it looks pretty good.
TigerClaw says Star Fox Zero.
I've been waiting for a new Star Fox game since the last game which was on the DS many years ago.
It looks like the new game is going back to its roots.
It has the classic vehicles like the Air Wing and Landmaster.
But the game introduced some new elements which has the Air Wing transforming into a mech.
The element was actually in the unreleased Star Fox 2 on the Super Nintendo.
The game is being co-developed by Platinum. It's in good hands.
Bryce H says I was very optimistic about Nintendo but I ended up getting disappointed.
But I'm very much excited for Star Wars Battlefront.
Rene A replies and says do you have to ask me that? Like really? Yes I do.
Kingdom Hearts 3 of course.
Nemesis 47 says the new Hitman coming out in December. And then gives more than one.
Tech 2030 says huge grin during the Rise of the Tomb Raider footage.
And then an immediate frown knowing I'll have to wait to play it because I sold my Xbox One.
Or as we call it here, the bone.
Bone to the bone.
The bone.
Mike B says ReCore and all the other new game ideas. The sequel after sequel after sequel.
It's getting really old at this point in time.
Brad B our buddy from Pod Culture says Xbox One backwards compatibility.
All else being equal had this been available at launch I would have picked up the Xbox One over the Playstation 4.
Fifth Dream says Shenmue. I was waiting for our first person to say that.
I had been hoping for its return for years and it happened. So happy.
Chad B replied and says it's hard to decide between and then says two games.
So I'll say the first one Final Fantasy 7 Remake.
It is hard to decide between Final Fantasy 7 Remake.
Well he named a second game but I said you only get one. I'm sorry kids that's the rules this week.
Be mad all you want but I said you get one.
I'm going to get some nasty emails this week. Watch.
You can read them.
Guillermo R says Horizon Zero Dawn. Badass lady barbarian fighting robot dinosaurs in the distant future.
Looks like an amazing new IP.
Degenerate Johnny says Mass Effect Andromeda announcement.
Smile would have been greater if Kevin Sorbo was announced as the male main character.
Oh a little Andromeda tie in there. Get it?
Let's see what he did there.
By the way that took far too long for somebody to say Mass Effect Andromeda.
Daniel S says honestly the rare collection. Daddy needs some blast cores.
Andy R said Super Beat Zonic. Got to play a little more while I was there and it was awesome.
Truly the successor to DJ Max.
SSJ100 Matt says the Nintendo Muppets. I would fund a TV show based on gaming personalities coexisting in a Muppet based world.
Well you know the Muppets are coming back to ABC this fall so maybe there's hope.
Fabrice A said Shenmue 3. Thank you.
And Veronica Isabelle said Super Mario Maker coming out September 11th 2015.
As if we didn't already have that date circled on our calendars.
I mean we already have it circled because it's Loki's birthday right?
Going to Google Plus where Act Def said I was really excited to see Mirror's Edge Catalyst.
I loved the first game and this one looks to deliver.
And then named a second game.
Red Entertainment says The Last Guardian. Yay!
And then lastly AJ Twist says Star Fox Zero.
There you go. So lots of love all over the board.
I think all the same things we talked about I think one of the listeners at least said there in their own recaps there.
So thank you guys for your input. It was a fun E3 this year. Lots of good stuff.
But E3 you know the universe does not revolve around E3 for an entire week.
There are some things that happen outside of the E3 bubble.
So we have just a few things to talk about outside the E3 bubble here before we get into the mailbag and all that.
So Loki.
Yes so this is kind of a disturbing trend I guess.
Now we have quite a few people on Steam Greenlight that have released just plain garbage games.
Games that have been just what they call asset flips.
Basically Unity titles that they literally purchase a pack on Unity.
Rename it and upload it to Steam Greenlight.
Well now, now there's somebody else.
A new type of thing to get frustrated about.
It is people just straight up taking a game that's not theirs and publishing it on Steam Greenlight.
And so the same person that did this also had put up a Moogan collection of cartoon fighters.
Which obviously broke all sorts of, you know it was a copy violation fiesta.
I mean it was just all sorts of like Simpsons, Futurama characters, you name it.
It was in it and it was of course a fighting game because it was Moogan.
And they uploaded that and of course eventually took it down after everyone kind of threw a fit about it.
But this new game now called Red Alliance.
The person that put it up there made it seem like it was his own game.
And even posted like updates to the game.
You know talking about the development and everything.
But then of course he didn't make it.
And on top of that he also is claiming that he's just a 13 year old kid and doesn't, you know.
He just really wanted to see that game on Steam Greenlight.
You know and so, I don't know.
Basically it's recommended to try to submit a DMCA report to try and get it taken down.
And flag it if you can.
I think, I'm not sure if it's been taken down already but right now it's being Kickstarted.
What's kind of even worse about it is the guy that was Kickstarting it was actually about to put it up on Steam Greenlight himself.
And now this game is tied to that guy's account.
So when you search for the game, Red Alliance, it comes up with this dude's inactive page.
What a mess. But it seems like the Steam Greenlight is probably going to go on lockdown a little more if too many more things like this get through.
You know what I mean? That's going to look bad for Valve.
Especially with some of these copyright characters and stuff getting in on there.
I think they might be needing to screen some of this a little better.
And here's the thing though. It costs $100 to be able to post stuff on Steam Greenlight.
Remember you have to pay your fee. I think it's one time though.
So that might be why.
But still though, $100 to post something that's clearly going to be taken down because it's just moving.
First off, you didn't make it.
And second off, it's licensed characters.
There is no fucking way that this is ever going to appear on Steam Greenlight.
Even if you're just, let's just say hypothetically that you're a 13 year old kid.
Where do you get $100 to spend on this kind of shit?
Birthday money.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I think that with this they should at least flag those accounts that are doing this on a regular basis.
This guy should not be allowed to post anything else on Steam Greenlight.
Agree.
Well, you know, maybe this kid's $100 would have been better spent on a copy of Batman Arkham Knight.
Which of course is releasing on Tuesday.
And did you know there is a day one patch for Batman Arkham Knight.
It's 3.5 gigabytes. A day one patch.
That's not so bad.
3.5 gigs. That's the world we live in right now.
But, you know, I'm sure the game is going to be awesome and we'll forget about these patches.
But it is worth noting that that day one patch will include improved performance, stability fixes, something called Rival Points.
The original Batsuit skin will be available to select.
There will be support for the Matter of Family additional content.
That is what the pre-order is.
I'm sorry, the pre-order gives you this prequel DLC.
And then, of course, the good old fashioned bug fixes.
Gameplay, graphical audio, UI localization fixes and all that good stuff.
That's everything they've figured out since that first day.
So, there you go. Batman Arkham Knight getting a 3.5 gig patch.
So, be ready for it guys that are going to be ready to play day one.
Be ready for that patch.
Dark Sakura.
Patch it.
Some information about Splatoon.
Basically, someone datamined Splatoon.
So, there are a bunch of things that are hidden on the disc that are maybe hinting about some upcoming DLC or unlocks.
So, they said that they found ten total maps on the disc and only two of them are unreleased.
It's the camp and the skyscraper.
There are 33 unreleased weapons on the disc in some form.
Some have complete descriptions.
Some are incomplete.
Some are actually not, I would say, finished altogether.
Some of the weapons on here looks like they've got full names, but not all of them do.
Like there's a Blob Blobber.
And then there's some that are just descriptions.
Blob Blobberts? That sounds familiar.
Some of the, like there's Octobrush.
And then there's a Bomb Lobber.
And an E Leader 3K scope.
You have a few other things on the list.
They also found ranked mode game type selection images.
And Splat Zones, Tower Control, Rainmaker.
And all of the text for Rainmaker is on the disc, but there's no details about it yet.
So, in other words, there's just a crap ton of either pay to unlock or wait to unlock content on the disc.
I mean, to be fair, at least Splatoon has been making most of it.
Like it just are free, quote unquote, free updates that unlock a piece of the disc at the time and so forth.
But Nintendo ought to maybe rethink its strategy because all these leaks are not really the best thing for them.
Especially, again, that Japanese Smash Brothers patch that pretty much made it so that Ryu was playable in the game.
If you went in and hacked the data.
Someone named Squid Kid on Twitter.
Totally wrecked it.
I was gonna say though, but what is 100% confirmed is that a future Nintendo Direct is probably ruined because of this.
Much like the Smash Brothers stuff.
Remember that leaked out quite a while before it actually was announced?
Remember all that stuff that they data mined?
So Nintendo, if you're not gonna get with the times with online, somebody else will in looking at all the contents of the disc and putting it out there for the world to see.
Although, to be fair, Splatoon's servers run really well and the game is a lot of fun online.
So I shouldn't be razzing it too much, but again, I still think it would be even better with a more robust lobby, but it is what it is.
Alright, let's do one more story here and then we'll get to the mailbag. Loki.
So E3 had quite a few people coming to it this year. 52,000 visitors.
And they already have, of course, as they do most years, the next date for E3 the following year.
And it's gonna be set for June 14th through the 16th.
Once again, being held at Los Angeles Convention Center.
Bobby, quick to point out, still not the 80k that was at 2006. Still, though, it seemed like a lot more people went to E3 this year than have gone in years past.
I feel like it's getting easier to get into.
Well, last year it was 48,000.
Not only did they up it with those public passes that weren't really the guest passes or whatever they were called.
But I feel like more outlets are getting in that weren't getting in previously. So, I mean, but that's, you know, whatever. Fun.
Just not all outlets.
Well, we didn't try this year. We made a conscious decision that our money was gonna be better spent over here instead.
But we'll re-evaluate things next year. You know, our personal lives may be in a different spot and the other thing goes for anybody involved in the network, maybe we'll want to try next year.
We take things one year at a time. Unlike certain press conferences, one year at a time. We're a little more Nintendo in that regard.
Some of us had to buy a house.
Yeah. So, maybe we'll evaluate from next year.
I'd love to go again some year.
I think for me, if I could get more, like, interviews and actually talk to, like, we talked to YYR. If we could talk to the game, and I love doing interviews on this show.
And I think some of our best content has come from talking to Kyle, talking to Christopher Tin, talking to the Jackbox Games. You know, all the people we've interviewed in the past year.
I think our best moments here on the show come from those interviews. So, if I can get a little bit of that out at E3, I'll go.
The rest of it isn't as big of a deal anymore. So, what, if what else I'm seeing is on YouTube, I'm gonna get to talk to Game Maker.
Can I talk to Reggie?
If you think he'll give us the time of day, that would be something, wouldn't it?
Alright. Anyhow, let's get into the mailbag tonight. We're gonna get into the mailbag.
And, of course, you guys can email us. Participate at OrangeloungeRadio.com.
And Darkstalker's gonna dive into the mailbag and pick out an email she feels like reading tonight.
The most long-winded things ever.
So, for time's sake, though, you can't read all the emails. But, you know, you do appreciate everybody who takes time to email in and all that good stuff.
So, let's get to it. Where's my music? I don't have your music, DarkSakura.
What happened? Everything's falling apart.
I guess you'll get the listless music instead for your mailbag tonight.
Oops.
I deleted the playlist because Starboard Power Coupling was broadcasting live here on Friday night.
Why not just save another playlist?
That's what I thought I did. I saved it as a playlist. Oh, well, forget it. Live radio. Screw-ups happen.
We should change my music anyway.
You wanna change your music?
Yeah, sure. Why not?
Alright, I'll think of a new song for next week.
It has to be the dog ending from Silent Hill 2.
The dog ending from Silent Hill 2? I'll work on that.
Woof, woof, woof.
Woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof.
Okay. I'm gonna read a few bits and pieces of this one just because there's some good mentions here.
So, hey there, OLR. For the most part, I'm keeping away from E3 news this year.
Or at least the constant life hype as E3 is proving to be more and more about either things we already know about or things that will eventually be at next year's E3 as well.
I'm done getting hyped up for glorified press releases. Catch me closer to the release date.
It's less stressful getting digested from sources like OLR anyway.
That being said, I did catch a glimpse at Microsoft's announcement that they're working on Xbox 360 backwards compatibility for Xbox One.
And I was even less interested.
Now, don't get me wrong. I'm not like the one clickbaiting asshat on Forbes saying that backwards compatibility is a bad move for MS.
More features are greater than less features, after all.
However, I've been through this song and dance before with the Xbox 360's implementation of the Xbox backward compatibility.
We were promised that the entire library would eventually be compatible.
But barely a year after the 360's launch, Microsoft ended efforts with very little of any worth actually being launched compatible.
The implementation of 360 compatibility on the Xbox One appears to be even more ridiculous.
Being a pure software emulator on a machine that's likely not going to be able to handle software emulation smoothly for most titles.
So we have another pure software emulator like the previous quote effort from Microsoft.
And not only that, but the titles have to be downloaded even if you have the disk for the original game.
Put bluntly, I expect very little movement to happen here.
This is a naked PR grab from an increasingly desperate company. Keep your 360's close by.
That's a little bit of a pointed read, but I think the concerns are valid.
And I hope that came through in what we were saying earlier.
I'm a little more optimistic about this situation than this emailer.
But I think it's a fair concern based on what happened the last cycle.
But I'm okay with the whole software emulation as long as it works okay.
And again, yeah, it's only 20 games now.
Hopefully they deliver on the promise of hundreds and hundreds.
But I'm cautiously optimistic.
I will always wait and see. Besides that, I don't have one, so...
It's fair.
Actually, a little story about my BC experiences in the past. Backwards compatibility.
Way back in 2000, a few months to go before PS2 launched, I sold off my PlayStation to a family member to get money for the new system.
Yes, being without my PlayStation was going to be hard, but the PS2 had full hardware level backwards compatibility, so it seemed like a minor sacrifice.
Anyway, flash forward to post-release.
I grabbed my PS2, and not having much to play after Eternal Ring, I picked up Grandia.
Which I've been very impressed with Grandia 2 on the Dreamcast, which everyone should play.
Amen.
Fun game, even with the absolutely atrocious Sony dub.
I get to disc 2, and that's when it happens. The game starts locking up on me.
I try again and again for several days, but usually it couldn't get past an hour of progress without the game locking up on me.
I end up having to get one of the slim PS1 units, completely negating the money I had gotten from selling the PlayStation earlier.
Since then, I've never put my faith in backward compatibility to play older titles.
I will say that I've used the backwards compatibility on my PS2, on my JPS2, and never had a problem.
Because that's how I pretty much play my old Beat Manias now.
So, it could possibly be a one-off, but I'd like to know if you experience the same thing with other games.
I used backwards compatibility on the Wii U this week to play some of the Wii, because there were so many things that came out on Wii that we just kind of forgot about, like on WiiWare.
I didn't know the Wii U would play Wii games.
Yeah, and if you copied, if you let the little Pikmin copy all your stuff over from your Wii console, which you can do, then stuff you downloaded on the Wii is completely playable within the Wii U.
You just have to go into Wii compatibility mode to do it. It's like another menu.
But I played the Blaster Master Reimagining this week, and the Gradius redo that they did on WiiWare.
Some of these titles I think are a little bit forgotten about. Sometimes with good reason. I forgot that Blaster Master one, and it didn't come out as good as it should have.
Anyway, I think backwards compatibility is a bigger deal than Sony was sure to make it sound like.
Moral of the story, keep your systems, keep your games for your system. Backward compatibility may be a nice little convenience, but putting one's eggs all in that basket is the fullest errand, as I learned in 2000.
As a collector, I'm not allowed to say anything about this. Not at all.
Anyway, that's my take on that. Sorry if I seem a bit of a killjoy, but at the end of the day, this is way too much hype for something that's not going to be all that great.
Why not get that old busted system fixed instead? I just had my original Xbox repaired by the folks at Rapid Fire Gaming, and it runs like the day I bought it.
Great work, and Jeremy, the guy who runs it, is absolutely fantastic with customer service.
Did we just give away a free ad?
It's fine. He also modded my Turbo Duo for RCA inputs and Japanese HuCard support. See, that's what I'm more interested in, is the HuCard support.
Nice.
So that I can actually get a freaking arcade card and play my version of Fatal Fury. Anyway.
I replaced the back panel of my Super Nintendo and a host of other stuff, including fixing and RROD.
I'm my brother's 360. Prices are great too, so there's-
You must have a big shelf. Because that's my problem. I don't have enough plugs on the TV.
Really no excuse to panic when Microsoft pulls repair support for 360 like they did with the original Xbox.
Regards, Ralstiel UT. Which I have to say, this- a big part of me agrees with probably the majority of this.
Except I am still a wait and see kind of person. I think that just because- yeah, I'm one to learn from the past.
And I don't hold my breath for anything. But when I see it happen, I'd rather reserve my judgement.
Yeah, I think there's a little much jumping, maybe- I don't want to say jumping to the conclusion, that sounds a little harsh.
But there's maybe a little bit much of a-
Maybe not jumping the gun, but kind of humping it.
Assuming that it's going to be as bad as it was the first go around.
But I don't think there's anything wrong with taking a cautious approach because of what happened before.
But we'll see. We'll see. I like what I heard. Let's see what it looks like in six months.
For the record, dude, if you have a Saturn, get the Saturn version of Grandia.
So better.
We have another email, right?
Yeah, one more.
Hello, LR. Who always greets us that way? Hmm, YYR?
Hey, we just gave that guy fifteen minutes. He wants another five?
Skipping!
No, I'm kidding.
I've been catching up on the podcast, I wanted to toss in a few thoughts.
From the point of view of an indie developer who would one day like to have some games on Steam,
I think Steam should have had refunds or at least free trials from the very beginning.
The ability to somehow try games before you buy them is something I believe should always, always, always be there.
It just should.
Heck, Xbox 360 had it on all of the download-exclusive games for years.
PlayStation Plus also offers many one-hour full game trials, though if you ask me, they shouldn't be behind a paywall.
Beyond the fact that you just ought to be able to try some of the games before buying them on PC, this is practically mandatory.
Someone suggested adding a feature to Steam that will simply tell you if your game will run well or run at all on the computer,
but here's the problem, games are all different. Computers, all different. OS installs, different.
Also, the term run well is subjective as the term recommended requirements, as is the term recommended requirements.
As a programmer, I can say that creating this feature for Steam would be 100% impossible.
Not difficult, impossible.
But they have it, though, for, it's just another website.
All we're asking is basically integrate what they have already at Can I Run It on Steam.
There is no way to truly know how a game will run on your computer except by running it on your computer,
and that is the other reason why the refund system needs to be there.
To sum up, this is only a bad thing for developers that release crappy or broken games.
For everyone else, it's a big win.
One more thought, if someone wants to sell a cheap, short game on Steam, maybe they could add a no refunds tier in the future,
where games would have to be priced under $2 or something.
That makes sense to me.
I wanted to put forward a huge thank you to you guys for plugging Pixel Poops on PlayStation Mobile as much as you have.
But I want to say this, please take a look at the entirety of the PlayStation Mobile before the store shuts down.
Like Xbox Live indie games, there is quite a bit of crap.
Ha ha ha ha, I see what you did there.
But some very good experiences as well.
There's actually a bit of YouTube footage and other coverage of these games elsewhere on the web.
Many, not just all of these titles will work on PlayStation TV as well as on Vita.
July 15th is the last day you can purchase these titles.
September 10th is the last day you can download updates, make in-app purchases, or redown games you already bought.
Also, thank you for nominating my games for the OLR Video Game Hall of Fame, even before mentioning such guaranteed inductees as President Cat and DDR.
I gladly accept the fame and fortune that comes with this.
Please look forward to Pixel Shit's MMO.
Yes.
Lastly, I wanted to invite anyone in or near the Philadelphia area to come on down to Too Many Games 2015 next weekend, June 26th through 28th at the Greater Philadelphia Expo Center in Oaks, PA.
I will be part of the Indie Games Showcase there all day Friday and Saturday, showing off the latest versions of my 2015 releases, Pixel Poops, Multitasking, and Snake Party.
And I'd love to hear your thoughts on all of them.
Stop by and say hello. Smile.
Keep on, keep on, keep on, keep on doing it.
Aaron, Y-Y-R.
I think that was a play on keep on moving the lyrics.
Whoa, you alright?
Yes, it was. I'm fine.
Ooh, crash bang. Keep on dropping the mic.
Alright.
Mic drop. Boom.
Fair enough.
Alright, if you want to email us for a future week, participate at OrangeloungeRadio.com is the place to do it.
We're running a little late. I want to make sure we at least get one or two phone calls in before the night's over.
So let's quickly do the FUs of the Week.
Oh, this is bad.
Here is justice.
Here is punishment.
Here.
This is fucked up.
F you to whatever weird skin disease that I have all of a sudden that's decided that I have the skin of a 13-year-old girl in the middle of puberty.
Fuck it. However, my hair is really pretty.
Your hair is pretty.
Thank you, Monet.
Uh, Loki.
I'm just F you to being tired, I guess.
And I wish I had more done with my game than I am now.
So I have so many things I need to work on.
I have so many great concepts.
My next game I have to finish is the one I've originally started.
And unfortunately that's going to take forever.
But then the one after that I want to do.
I just can't wait to get started on that.
We'll see. We have to push the other one back.
Alright.
My FU of the Week goes to waiting.
And waiting.
And waiting.
And waiting.
And waiting.
And waiting.
Do you think Monet plays video games, Dark Saga?
We need to get her on the show if she does.
She's got that wizard world.
That wizard world happened in Sacramento this weekend. None of us went.
Henry Winkler was there.
Yeah, Henry Winkler was there. They had Malcolm McDowell.
Jay and Silent Bob were there.
My buddy Jamie got a picture.
Other Jamie. Little Jamie got a picture with Jay.
I saw the pictures.
Yeah.
Me and Jason Mewes.
And Monet was there dressed as Frank-N-Furter.
And I'm thinking she's come on the show.
She was also there in Clockwork Orange.
Oh.
When she met Malcolm McDowell.
She's a good cop player. She's a lot of fun.
And she would bring us tacos.
She loves tacos.
Alright.
Now, let's move on to the...
That's it.
We're going to get to the Skype line.
1877 Game OLR.
Our username on Skype.
Orange Lounge Radio.
We are going to open it up for just a couple quick calls here.
Try to get in quick because we're running long.
We're already after 9 o'clock on the West Coast.
We got a little bit of a late start tonight because I know Bobby got a late start tonight.
So kind of moved everything back a little bit.
But we're going to try and wrap things up here pretty soon.
So again, 1877 Game OLR.
Our username on Skype.
Orange Lounge Radio.
I've only got time for a couple quick calls.
Meanwhile, I don't know if we have any last minute stories, Loki.
I guess we probably went over it already.
You can download Hextech HD for free.
I thought that was already...
That was on the backwards compatibility list, right?
It is on the backwards compatibility list.
But if you don't have it, go download it.
It's free.
Oh, it's free.
So everybody can test backwards compatibility.
Everybody can test it, yes.
Everybody.
Backwards compatibility for all.
Yay.
Let's get to the phones.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, this is Regenator.
Hey, Regenator.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Not a whole lot.
I'll try to keep this short and quick just so you can get at least one other call before
you call at night.
Two things.
In regards to the Steam sale, I'm surprised that you only got the Cities Skylines.
Actually, there was a second game I bought.
I didn't talk about it because I was just trying to move the beginning of the show quickly,
but I bought Euro Truck Simulator 2.
I also bought that on the Steam sale for five bucks.
That's right.
That was the other big announcement.
The PC thing is...
American Truck Simulator.
American Truck Simulator, yes.
No, I'm excited about that.
Euro Truck Simulator...
Actually, you know what's funny?
That's the first game that Steam Broadcasting has sold me on because Jason and I were randomly
talking about...
Jason, our voiceover guy, except not tonight because he was unavailable.
So, Jason was playing it randomly one night.
I don't remember.
We were talking about something.
And he was like, hold on.
I'll enable broadcasting so you can watch.
And I watched him play it and I was like, this is kind of zen.
Like, just kind of like a really chill out type of game to play.
Like, it's not...
You know, I like driving games, but a game like Forz is really fast, you know?
But Euro Truck Simulator, those trucks will go fast.
So, it was kind of...
I...
It reminded me of playing...
Oh, that attitude.
It reminded me.
That's true.
That attitude proved me wrong.
But there's something about it that kind of reminds me of the old, like, test drive games
or something.
I don't know.
I enjoyed it.
I'll play some more of it, you know, when I have time.
Yeah.
Well, yeah.
In fact, I love the Steam Broadcasting thing myself because, you know, well, broadcasting
as a whole in general, if only because it has sold me games in the past.
In fact, when Bobby had Friday Night Gaming in the past, he demoed a lot of indie games
on the 360, and because of that, he had a lot of games.
So, in effect, I saw Franz play games on Steam, and I checked them out, and sure enough, I
ended up buying the games too.
Which is what they want.
That's why that broadcasting is pretty good.
Yeah.
And I saw you popped in, and I was...
Now, I do have Steam Broadcasting turned on all the time.
Like, if somebody just wants to watch me play a game, whatever.
Like, but I don't really do commentary or any of that stuff.
Like, that's reserved, and I don't really set those up, you know, and I haven't done
one in forever.
I'll get back into it eventually when real life calms down.
But, as far as just streaming my gameplay for me that wants to watch me play Cities,
I have that turned on.
So, you get to see me play a little bit of that, but I think I was wrapping up.
You know, I was just dabbling in it a little bit.
Yeah.
But, in regards to the Steam sale itself, you know, even I didn't get all that much
this year, surprise, surprise.
I know I'm on record as being a bit of a Steam whore, but, you know, fortunately,
real life kind of got in the way.
You know, I was able to get as much as I would like.
In fact, just in order to get what I did buy, I sold my Magic the Gathering cards,
card collection to get what I got.
Wow.
Yeah, you know, fortunately, I got pennies on the dollar, you know, for more collection.
So, I was only able to get a couple of things.
Well, you know, if you already have a bunch of stuff, you know, sometimes the Steam sale,
you know, there wasn't really a lot that I wanted.
I mean, that Cities game I wanted to pick up, and then when I saw Euro Trek Simulator,
it was like five bucks.
I was like, all right, I got to get that too.
But that's okay if you, you know, you don't have to buy something just because there's a sale.
That's the mentality they'd like you to have.
Yes, you do.
But, I'm kidding, maybe if it's shoes.
Anyway, oh, is there another quick thought or is that it?
Yeah, you know, at least with E3, you know, all in all, I was actually impressed with E3,
you know, as a whole, especially when it comes to all three major, you know, platform holders.
Even Nintendo, and I've been kind of, and for those that don't know me,
I've been kind of mad on Nintendo for a little over 15 years now.
And if Nintendo can impress me, you know, this is a lot.
You know, I tell you, if it was financially feasible, I would go get all three platforms.
Let me ask you this question real quick, and then we'll let you go to try to fit in another call,
but what was it about Nintendo that after all this time kind of made you go, huh?
Well, it's, they showed some of the games that have, you know, already been released,
like let's say, for example, Splatoon.
Yeah, I've heard people talk about Splatoon, but I've never actually seen it in action.
And now that I've seen it, it looks interesting.
It kind of sort of reminds me of Team Fortress 2 a little bit, but not quite.
Yeah, I don't know what you're saying. It's almost, but it's a similar thing.
It's like the Steam broadcasting. You just need to see it in motion. You need to see the video.
Yeah.
All right. Well, I've got to let you go, buddy, and get more calls.
But take care, my friend.
All right. Sure. All right. Take care. Bye-bye.
All right. 1-877-GAME-OLR. Our username on Skype, orangelaundraido.
I'm going to try to squeeze in one more call here. Hi, you're on orangelaundraido. Who's this?
Hey, what's going on, brother?
Hey, Rama. What's up, dude?
Not much, not much. I want to say a couple of things about E3 that I'm going to get out of here,
because I got to get up at 5 o'clock in the morning for work.
Oh, boy. All right. You're up late, boy. What's up?
I'm going to say I'm dedicated to the cause that is OLR.
You are a true warrior.
Okay. Now, the whole backwards compatibility thing with Xbox One.
I have a lot of semi-intellectual, technically inclined people on my Facebook, and some not so much.
People were happy about the backwards compatibility.
I'm sitting here eating popcorn, drinking my tea, watching the people talk about this,
and then they start foaming at the mouth about how it selected titles.
So here I go, casually coming through, saying,
Y'all forget this was the same thing that the Xbox 360 has with the original Xbox.
Only selected titles.
And the response is, well, why is that?
The answer is simple.
It's kind of hard to emulate a game that was built on a different architecture.
So they have to go in, not recode the game, but make sure it works on the new hardware.
Simple as that. That's why it's only selected titles will work.
And for some reason, a lot of people are not understanding that aspect.
If you want to play a couple of these games that badly, then don't sell your 360 and play it.
Yes, in a way, backwards compatibility is kind of sort of killing the 360,
because it's like, oh, we can play all of our games, 360 games, on a new console.
No, wait, slow your roll. It's not like that. It's just selected titles.
If it doesn't work, break out your 360.
Keep in mind, though, earlier consoles kind of ruined the perception a little bit, I think, for some people,
and they were usually big-deal consoles, too.
Like the Wii, huge console, fully backwards compatible with GameCube.
PlayStation 2, fully backwards compatible with PlayStation 1.
So I think, especially for the casual gamer that doesn't follow all the podcasts and the blogs,
and isn't quite as technically mindful, you hear backwards compatibility, that's what pops into your mind.
Oh, the Wii, oh, I'm going to be able to play everything, and reality doesn't always meet those expectations.
And don't forget, last-gen Wiis do not have GameCube compatibility. Hardware was pulled for that.
Yeah, but that was so late in the life of the Wii, and that was when that system was already nearing its end.
Because remember, we died a quick death. It was huge, and then it just dropped off,
because there was so much garbageware on that system, right?
So I kind of don't count. I don't factor that in, really.
Alright, fair enough. And that's why, in a way, I can understand why Sony's charging for PlayStation now,
because it's like this. There is a PlayStation 3 on the network that is streaming the game to your PS4.
Now, if you ask me, that should be like a flat rate of X amount of dollars.
You can play all of these games, blase, blase. That's the way it should be, but it's not.
Yeah. Well, it is. I mean, if you buy that subscription to PlayStation now, you get a certain set of games unlimited,
but it might not be the same ones that you own, because for whatever reason,
maybe the rights haven't been worked out with the publisher. I don't know. It's probably what it boils down to.
So, I mean, you do have the unlimited thing, it just may not be all the games you want to play.
Exactly. Now, last thing, and I'm getting out of here, everybody that's splooging their pants over Final Fantasy VII.
I'm happy for it, it's about time, and I've noticed a lot of the newer kids that are coming in
are screaming about how much they love the game, and this, this, and that. I'm just like, really?
And then, I don't know if you've noticed, but there has been a meme trend about Aeris.
You've seen the parody of the cover box that says, don't level Aeris.
Yeah.
That's actually said on Twitter, and people have liked and retweeted,
you must level Aeris, you must bring Aeris to level 99 to get the real ending to Final Fantasy VII.
I guarantee you, when the game comes out, somebody's gonna try that.
The trolling begins, the trolling begins of the next generation who hasn't really played Final Fantasy VII yet.
Except I only level her just because Great Gospel is pretty.
I'm very curious to see, if you guys may or may not remember, Final Fantasy VII had a very controversial ending.
Like, I'm talking like Mass Effect 3 controversial ending, but again, the internet didn't exist the way it does now,
when Final Fantasy VII came out, otherwise, you know, I think it would have been a Mass Effect 3 type of situation.
So I'm curious to see if they're going to alter that controversial ending and maybe give us the extended cut or something.
Yes, I hope they do give us the extended cut.
For only $4.99.
In the Advent Children DLC.
You ass.
Alright.
Alright.
Rama buddy, I'm gonna let you go, but everybody should listen to anime jam session.
Got that right.
Alright, take care my friend.
You too, take care.
Alright, bye.
Alright, that's gonna do it, we're almost to 9.30, we gotta wrap up.
We're running very long tonight.
Thank you though, to those that got through, to those that didn't, please consider sending us an email.
Participate at orangeloungeradio.com.
That's gonna do it for another week here at Orange Lounge Radio on our look back at E3 2015.
Fun year.
We'll be back next week, 7 days, to do it all again.
Back to our more round robin sort of format, where we'll have, I'm sure, plenty more news and clarifications to talk about over the coming days.
Happy birthday again, OLR, celebrating 13 years.
I'm gonna try to see if I can do a little something special on the day itself, so stay tuned to our Twitter accounts, our Facebook feed, and all that stuff.
Twitter.com slash OLR, Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio, Google.com slash plus Orange Lounge Radio.
Keep an eye out.
Anyhow, that's gonna do it.
If you enjoyed Orange Lounge Radio, please consider telling a friend or five about the show.
Word of mouth's all we got.
Help us spread the word.
We are the show where every gamer has a voice, but only if we have your voice here in the chorus to hear it.
We had a lot of great counter perspectives and other ways of looking at things tonight, and that's what makes this show great.
All that live feedback and everything.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thought.
Dark Soccer, your final thought tonight.
I'm disgusted with humanity in general, but there's light at the end of the tunnel.
It's an oncoming train.
My final thought tonight is shout out to the Southern Fried Game Room Expo.
Wish I could have gone this year, but you know, real life, etc.
But California Extreme, our equivalent-ish of it, coming up in a few weeks, and I get to go this year.
I don't have a conflict with another con, so I'm excited.
Loki, your final thought tonight.
So you don't have another con-flict?
This show is definitely over.
Have a good week, everybody. We'll see you next time on Orange Lounge Radio. Good night.
But you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thanks for watching!
