This week, a highly anticipated release has sales of its PC version temporarily halted
in order to address widespread quality issues.
Tonight, we also have an interview with Michelle Knots, an anime and video game voice actor
you've almost certainly heard.
All this begins right now, on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, live on this June the 28th of 2015 with the 603rd episode of
our show.
We're here to talk about all things video games, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle
with you all online on the internet in our chat at live.vognetwork.com, by email, participate
at orangelaunchradio.com, by Skype, 1-877-GAMEO-LR, we'll get to all that later, but also us here
in studio.
My name is Rob Roberts, you might know me at Skie on Twitter, S-K-I-E, joining me as
she always does.
Say hello to DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
Sup.
Hey, how you doing?
I'm okay.
How are you enjoying some of the upgrades we made in studio tonight, which are...
I can't feel my butt.
Kind of your fault.
I can't feel my butt.
How many people can say they've given someone couches for their birthday, even if they're
old?
I still owe you Pinkberry.
They're new to us.
No, I thought I owe you Pinkberry for the couches.
A taco?
I guess we'll just have to make two trips.
I'll get you a taco.
I'll take you to Cream.
So here's the deal.
DarkSakura and Dan, you know, they upgraded their couch, and I saw that new couch you
guys got.
That's like, you guys have like a movie theater in your house now.
It's this big sectional monstrosity.
That's like a BMW.
Dan's been talking about it for like two years.
It's hot.
So I was really surprised that you guys were getting rid of these older couches, because
they're still, they're nice.
They're in good shape.
Yeah, but where would we put them?
Yeah, exactly.
So she, finally, Alan and I have some adult furniture, because, you know, we had upgraded
from an apartment about a year and a half ago, so we were still kind of in the process
of collecting furniture.
So this is great.
So we got a new couch in the main room, and then I was able to put one couch in here,
and I moved a recliner in here for DarkSakura.
So our little studio got some upgrades this week.
So thank you to DarkSakura and Dan for helping that happen.
Appreciate that.
And benefiting maybe the most here from the new couch in the OLR studio, say hello to
Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
How are you doing, Loki?
I'm doing fine.
It's a little low, though.
Yeah, the couch is a little low.
But it's cool that I can recline.
That stand, also that computer tray, will go lower, I think, if you mess with it a little
bit.
There you go.
I almost, I was looking into it.
I was trying to get like an orange covering.
So we could actually-
I thought for something like, is that couch going to be orange?
We could actually have like an orange lounge seat.
So maybe for the 14th birthday, I'll work on that.
Nice.
Anyhow, we are here, of course, to talk about video games, and it's been the week after
E3, so the video game news is starting to die down a little bit, but there's still a
lot going on in the world, and we will get to that here shortly as we go over the news.
We also want to get into what we've been playing this week in a segment we call How Is Your
Gaming Week?
But first, I should probably acknowledge that during the week this week, and some of you
guys may or may not be aware of this, but on Tuesday, June 23rd, was the official 13th
anniversary of Orange Lounge Radio, and made a little post on Facebook and Google Plus
about it, and many of you all said some kind things on there, and thank you very much for
all the kind words.
Always, always really blown away at just how long some of you have been listening.
I know we've retained a lot of, well, I shouldn't say a lot, but we've retained several people
that picked us up during the DDR and Bamani and music game days, and they've really stayed
with us for years and years after that, so thanks so much.
Even if you've only found Orange Lounge Radio in the past three months, and you're still
listening, that means just as much, and I'm always blown away by how many people are listening.
Not everybody's necessarily participating, but just how many people will kind of come
out of the woodwork and say, I never really email or chat or do any of that, but I've
been listening for eight years, and I'm always like, wow, that's outstanding.
So thank you guys so much for the support, and yeah, as far as we know, we are the longest
running weekly video game show, I mean, because there was a time when podcasting didn't even
exist so we were doing our thing, so as far as we know, that's still something we have,
and we're going to keep right on moving.
I don't see any signs of slowing yet, so maybe in another 13 years, who knows.
I know the party has to end someday, but I will say it's not in the plans yet, so we're
going to keep going for another few years.
Anyway, I know we just celebrated a big landmark because we had our 600th episode, and we did
a lot more for that, so I didn't want to make a big to-deal about our 13th birthday, but
I thought I would just acknowledge it, and the fact that our show is now a teenager.
How about that?
Pretty soon it'll be asking to drive, and it'll want to date.
Who knows?
Anyhow.
You're going to notice it's going to go through some changes.
That's right.
Maybe the voices can change a little bit.
I'll have to put that filter that I use in the intro sometimes to lower my voice.
Only two-third of it is going to have the voice change, the other's going to need to
be explained about, you know, Kotex.
Are we going to have to have the talk?
Actually that can happen to girls when they're like 10, so never mind, because girls mature
faster.
I have to mention, though, that I did try to calculate it, and I think I got this accurate,
but if we did not miss any more shows from today on until episode 666.
Which won't happen.
Which won't happen, but let's just hypothetically here.
If we didn't miss any shows, episode 666 would literally fall on my birthday.
On your birthday next year.
And that's so appropriate.
I almost feel like we really have to stop at nothing to ensure that we do a show every
week until 666.
And even if that means taping it earlier in the week or whatever, because I'm going to
be gone during Dragon Con, so I won't be here that Labor Day weekend, but maybe we can tape
one.
I don't, shit, I won't even be here on Wednesday.
We can figure something out and make that happen.
I think with the listeners, I'm going to pose this question to the listeners that are listening
live right now.
If you're participating with me on the show, join our chat room live.vognetwork.com and
have your say.
So let me ask the chatters this.
Would you forgive us if we kind of, I don't want to say a crappy episode, but if we kind
of did a, we kind of did a 30 minute conversation or whatever, and slapped an episode number
on it just to make sure that 666 could be on Loki's birthday.
Would you all mind, or do we need to make sure that, no, we need to, if it's not a full
show, it doesn't get a number.
Our buddy Brad from Pod Culture says, fill in with bonus episodes.
You know, we could always tape things in advance.
I've actually talked about that before off air that we could tape some, some stock episodes
in advance and do it that way.
We'll see.
Uh, let's, um, tech 2030 says, do it.
Fifth dream in chat says half-assed OLR is a go.
Woo.
All right.
Well, we'll see.
We're going to try real hard.
No promises.
We're going to try very, very hard to have episode 666 on Loki's birthday, which would
be September 11th, 20 and yes, that is Loki's birthday.
September 11th, 2016.
I better triple check that math too, because when we get all the way there, it's like,
Oh, the week after, uh, we're going to get out of here before it's a, I'll work on an
Excel spreadsheet later and just make sure, all right.
Uh, anyhow, let's get into, uh, this week's gaming news and what we've been up to.
Uh, we always like to start off a little bit of, how was your gaming weeks?
Let's talk about the types of games that we've been playing this week.
Dark Sakura.
How was your gaming week?
Um, I played some final fantasy 14, finally got past, uh, our unveil, which we had decided
is the land of pea and sperm.
It is a gross area.
It was disgusting, but we only wiped on one fight, so that was pretty good.
Um, and so I finally bought my room, which all I have in it are like two bookshelves
and a bench.
Thanks to one of my free company mates.
Thank you for the free stuff.
And the picture of, um, what's this fuck that I think is stupid.
I'm going to use as a dartboard.
Is that, uh, bull Don or the guy who's stupid.
Where's the tuxedo.
What's his name?
The poses.
Oh, Hildebrand.
I hate him so much.
He's my dartboard.
Um, so, and then I'm playing through, I'm trying to do a completionist run in, um, dragon
age inquisition, but then there's like two, uh, mosaic pieces that are glitched.
So, um, but someone did a fixed forum online, so I might try to install the patch that moves
the pieces.
So we'll see.
Um, so other than that, that's really been about it.
Um, Oh yeah.
And a lot of bejeweled cause I can hit a million points in butterfly mode.
Easy.
Do you play bejeweled blitz on the phone?
I think it's boring.
I like regular, I like the butterfly mode and I like a diamond mind.
I catch Alan playing a lot of those mobile games like bejeweled blitz and he always does
like the daily, like make a really high score and get the butterfly sparkle, kitty fart
power up, whatever it is.
They always have some like over the top cute thing in it.
You think I'd be more into it.
Maybe if they put hello kitties face on it, I'd play it.
I don't know.
Are you going to come to the Sanrio thing with us?
When is that?
I don't know.
I was like, it was this weekend, the sleep training arena was doing the hello kitty thing
this weekend.
Yes.
So it's okay.
I'm still going to go see where it is.
Good times.
All right.
Well, dark soccer is done with her gaming week.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
I actually played games this week.
Um, I was, you know, kind of taking a break from programming this weekend.
Um, I did program during the week and I actually finished my cat thing.
Um, so now I decided that there weren't enough houses to deliver the cats to.
So when they started expanding my map again and that's only going to be trouble.
So I'm working on that.
Um, anyways though, but as far as actual games I played though, I went through some of my
backlog, well, a little bit of my backlog on PlayStation network.
And so I've had trials fusion installed for like the longest time.
I think I got it on sale for like five bucks or something a few months ago.
And I've been just like, eh, I should try it.
You know, it looked kind of fun.
Holy crap.
That game is awesome.
Like I really wish I had played that when I first got it or even when it first came
out because it's just amazing.
It's just even like right when he puts you into the beginning of the game, just like
the song, it comes on just so kick ass and then you just play it and it's just over the
top epic thing.
It's really fucking hard and frustrating, but it's good.
It's just, it's such a good game.
And so I'm really looking into it.
I bought all the DLC for it cause I wanted, it kind of sucks you have to buy the DLC in
order to play a lot of the tracks that people make online cause they use parts from them.
So I played a few of the tracks online.
I played through, I think the first two levels.
I kind of started slacking off on the third level and actually part of the second one
cause I was getting golds on everything and also trying to beat all my friends scores
on them.
I managed to do that for like the first two, not stages, but like worlds I guess.
And so all those people that are my friends that have that game now, unfortunately I beat
all your scores.
And then, sorry not sorry, sorry not sorry, yeah sorry.
What platform did you play?
PlayStation 4.
PS4, okay.
Yeah, it's, it's great.
I mean, seriously, if you see it on sale again, get it.
It's such a good game.
Wasn't it PlayStation Plus at some point or am I crazy?
No, I think it was on sale from PlayStation Plus.
It wasn't a free game, I don't think, cause it wasn't that expensive to come out, but
you know, they had a 75% off sale or something a while back and I picked that up.
So it's definitely worth it.
The other thing I picked up actually was on a whim cause I saw some advertisement thing
that was talking about Deus Ex being free on Humble Store if you did something or donated.
And I think I had it already, but maybe kind of want to check to see what's on the Humble
Store, see if there's anything on sale that I wanted.
And there was actually a trailer that came up for this game called Fort Meow.
And I was like, okay, Fort Meow, that sounds interesting, what's that?
You have my attention.
So it's a game, it's silly, it's this game where this little girl goes into her grandparents
house and she's, she ends up going up into the attic and exploring the attic and finds
this book and the book has information about like some hidden secret about her grandpa
and she wants to figure out what the secret is and in order to do that she has to read
the book.
But there's cats that keep trying to lay in her lap and distract her.
And so the premise of the game is you build up a pillow fort out of furniture and stuff
and the cats literally fling themselves towards you and like you have to defend yourself using
furniture and stuff.
This is amazing.
It's awesome.
It's hilarious.
Is this a Steam game?
Yes, it's a Steam game.
Also I think on iOS and Android as well, but really it's just a silly casual game.
But Fort Meow sounds like the type of thing that Dark Sakura would have gone to like PetSmart
or one of the stores and bought like one of those jumbo pet play pens and gave it to Minda
and said, it's Fort Meow.
I should do that.
But they have, they have like, okay, it starts off with just like regular cats and then they
get the cats with a watermelon helmet on.
And so they kind of like dart at you like a bullet or something.
And then they have like a fat cat that you have to get like a beanbag chair to bounce
it off of.
It's just, it's, it's ridiculous, but it's hilarious.
And they have like a little story that goes along with it and it's all cutesy, but definitely
a fun game to check out.
And I think it's like great, like five or six bucks.
It wasn't that much.
So I played that.
Just always, you can always make a game better by just adding a cat.
And really, even though I might, I might be a cat person, but I totally sympathize and
relate to the fact that you can also make a game better by putting a dog in it.
Because let's be real.
At E3, when that Fallout 4 trailer was on, everybody, nobody cared about the whole like
building your own city or the graphics were kick ass.
Everybody cheered for the fucking dog.
Can I build a Dalmatian plantation in there?
Everybody cheered for the dog.
And then of course the first question any major journalist had to ask, please reassure
me that the dog does not die.
Okay.
Yes, the dog does not die.
It's fine.
So you can always make a game better by adding a cat or a dog.
It's true.
And I suppose, you know, there's also bird lovers and other, other, you know, furry and
feathered friends out there.
So yeah.
So it is pretty fun.
Then the other game played is actually Cookie Clicker or not Cookie Clicker, like Cookie
Clicker.
But the hell's that game?
Clicker Heroes.
Clicker Heroes.
I was like, I played a bunch of Clicker games now.
Clicker Heroes.
I actually played more of that and only really because I was downloading something in the
background and so I had to kill some time in order to do that.
The game I was downloading that I haven't got a chance to play yet though, but it's
pretty awesome.
It's this commercially released mod for Portal 2 called Portal Stories Mel.
And so it's about like this test subject that's one of the first ones to test the, the sleep
chamber thing and then wakes up with a prototype portal gun and it's got, it's all voice acted
and everything.
Wow, that's cool.
Yeah, it's free.
And then Portal, go download it for free or Portal 2, go download it for free.
It seems like something you might be into, Dark Soccer, cause I know you were really,
really into Portal and all the lore and all that, you know, and when it first came out,
especially the sequel.
I'm just like, it sounded interesting, so I wanted to play it.
Um, I just haven't gotten a chance to.
Then aside from all that today, I decided to stop by Evil G and do some shopping there.
And I know shopping Evil G, but they had the lowest price ever for a PlayStation TV.
It was $29.99, so I picked one up and now I have a PlayStation TV, it's sitting here
doing nothing.
But I will.
Did you buy one just so you could get Pixel Poops before it's gone?
It is a system seller, so yes, I did, I did pick it up.
Look at that.
That was one reason.
The other reason too is with this thing, it's kind of funny, with this thing, so you notice
how it has a USB port for like, you know, power.
I can hook up my external monitor thing to it that's portable, my portable monitor, so
I can actually play like PlayStation, I can stream PlayStation 4 games to this.
Um, plus I can, I don't know, I can do all sorts of crap with this.
I mainly also play my PlayStation Plus stuff.
Put that, put that on the box, y'all, Pixel Poops is a system seller.
I'm very disappointed that they're getting rid of that.
I was so excited, like, to put a game on there, like games on that platform.
It's one of those things, like, you really, like, you don't know what you got till it's
gone type of thing.
Yeah.
Well, I've been excited to put stuff on there for a while, it's just haven't had anything
made yet, and I kind of wish it was still on the lines of X and A. I just wish we know
what's coming to replace it, because I know Microsoft has an Xbox anything that they may
be doing, but I don't know.
We'll see.
All right.
Well, if that's it for Loki's Gaming Week, then I'll talk about my gaming week.
I've also, thanks to Loki, I've been playing a crap ton of Clicker Heroes, and like, you
probably, anybody that has me on Steam probably sees me in that game all the time, because
now I've learned that if you leave the game running, you can actually get more gold, because
treasure chests spawn when you're actually playing, and I have the idol that causes the
treasure chest to drop more money.
It's insane, anyway.
I'm not going to talk the fine details about this game, but it's really addicting, and
I need to stop playing.
Speaking of addicting, and probably need to stop playing, but at least this game is a
little more social.
I've also been playing the crap out of Final Fantasy XIV and the expansion Heaven's Word,
and I really got to dip into more of the expansion content this week, because I had chose to
go back and do an Astrologian, which is one of the new classes.
Well, the Astrologian starts at level 30, and the old level cap is 50, so I had to spend
most of early access leveling fast from 30 to 50, and now I'm finally getting into the
story content.
The only thing that kind of sucks about that is I'm a little bit behind everybody else,
and everybody's telling me about, like, oh, the Bismarck fight's so cool, and Ravana's
music, and all these dungeons, and it's like, all right, yeah, we get it, cool, you know,
congrats on getting there first, but, you know, I'm a little slower, because I've been
trying to juggle some other stuff.
But what I've been able to take in of the expansion, I just love it.
Like the flying mount music is so good.
I know that seems like such a silly thing to focus on, but just the first time I was
able to get on the Griffon mount and actually fly it around the first zone, because you
can't just buy flying, you have to fully explore the zone, so you pick up all these different
little what they're called aether currents, and you do several side quests, and then you
can fly in that one zone.
And the first time I got on the Griffon and was doing the flying, like, the music sounds
like an 80s childhood fantasy, like it sounds like the never-ending story music a little
bit.
Like, remember, Loki, remember when you modded Final Fantasy XI?
Yes, I did.
So that the Chocobo music would instead play...
Falcor's theme?
Falcor's theme.
Yes, and it was so awesome every time.
Okay, like, I think Soken might have heard that, because I feel like the mount music
is like Falcor's theme from the never-ending story, it's amazing.
Even with, like, a little guitar, like, wahh, like a little, like, guitar thing, it's so
awesome.
Anyway, and then it's gorgeous, like, just some of the new zones are gorgeous.
The only thing I guess I could complain about are that the maps are really awful now, because,
like, and this is funny, because I remember talking to Grandpa from Hoard House, he hates
the maps in Final Fantasy XIV, and, like, now I kind of get it, because in the new zones
that are made for flying, so there's cliffs, and, like, you know, it's really hard sometimes
to figure out how to get from point A to B. You might have to go all the way around to
get around this bluff, so you can find, like, the tree branch that goes up a hill, and so,
you know, you start to learn and figure it out, but it's a little bit annoying.
But anyway, I love me some Heaven's Word.
That is, that's such a fun game, and I'm on my way to 60.
Then also this week, the other thing that I want to mention during my gaming week is
that I've been enjoying my first full week as an Xbox One owner on last week's show.
I talked about how I finally put down the money and I got an Xbox One, and so this week
I've been playing a few games on my Xbox One, mostly Forza Horizon 2, which was for
me, in a way, the system seller, like, that was definitely one of a few, but the exclusive
game I wanted to get right away that I can't play on any other system right now.
So I've been playing a little bit of Forza Horizon 2, which is gorgeous.
That reminds me, when you're done, I want to go back and talk about something else I
played briefly, because that reminded me.
Sure, that's fine.
So, I've been playing a little bit of Forza, and it's very similar to the first game where
it's kind of a giant open world, like, it's not really an island, it's like a part of
a continent, or it's supposed to be equivalent to Europe and all this, but you can drive
all around, and when you do all these races here, then you're going to take a drive over
to this Greece-inspired land and do these races here, and all along the way are experience
boards and what they call the bucket list, so, like, you might see a car on the side
of the road, and so you stop and you get in the other car, and it's like, race this dream
car from point A to B in, you know, five minutes or whatever.
So it's just one of those things where, yes, you can do all these races, but you can also
get distracted every two minutes along the way, and that's me.
Like, I feel like I have made so little progress in the main story, because I have to go back
and find every experience board, and do every side thing, and all that crap, and I just,
I have a lot of fun doing that stuff.
The only thing, and I remember this being in Forza Horizon 1, and I think I called it
out for being shady there, and it's shady here, too, is that right there, when you're
looking at the map, press Y to buy the ultimate treasure map, where you'll unlock the visibility
of all the secrets on the map, and I'm like, ugh, this is such a sign of the times that
we live in.
Like, I remember when the all secrets treasure map would be a fold-out map that came included
in the box with the instruction manual, you know what I mean, and then the challenge was
figuring it out.
Or if you want to unlock something like that, it's a code that you put in with the controller.
Yes, I'm just, I like Forza Horizon a lot, and I just, I feel like that's just a little
black mark, or a tainted, whatever you want to call it, on the game that, you know, is
otherwise great.
And I don't know why it bugs me.
Like, and I know, I know a lot of you guys are probably sitting there going, then don't
buy it, why does it bother you so much, don't buy it.
I won't, but it just, it's so tacky that it's right there, whenever you press start to bring
up the map, press Y to spend some money and buy the ultimate treasure map, and it's like
it shoves all the DLC down your throat, and I'm just like, ugh, anyway, outside of all
that stuff, I'm really enjoying the game, and there's an awful lot to like about it,
so.
I forgot to mention that I played that, it was a driving game actually, it was Drive
Club, I played the PlayStation Plus demo, if you will.
I still need to download that, I've been so distracted with Heaven's Word, but.
No you don't, it's crap.
Really?
I did not like it one bit, there's no charm to it, there's nothing to it, it's just pretty
car game, and there's like, going into it, there's no premise whatsoever than like, it's
a pretty car game, and I just didn't enjoy it, I played one race, I deleted it, it was,
I'm done.
Really?
It just, this is what I waited for, it's crap, this is nothing like Forza Horizon or anything
that's like a good, fun car game, it's just.
Interesting.
Not my thing.
Because I saw a review online, I think it was Destructoid, I could be wrong on that,
so sorry if I'm misappropriating this quote, but it said something like, the game is now
what it should have been at launch, and it's an awful lot of fun, you know, like they gave
it a really positive review.
Maybe it's just not my thing, I don't like simulation racers that much, and I know that's
more of a simulation racer, it was okay.
Is that the deal, it's more simulation and less arcade?
See, I love Forza Horizon, because it feels arcade, I don't like the main Forza series,
because it's simulation.
Well, Forza Horizon, they allow you to, you know, adjust it as much arcade or as much
sim as you want.
That's true.
Would you like the sim games more if you were playing it in a rig?
I don't know, I don't really think so, I mean.
I would go so far to say no, I like the arcade experience so much more, like.
Dan's moving his rig out into the front room, and he's got like all the arcades and sims.
The arcade games with the rigs, those are even, remember the ones that they had, was
it Sam's or, I think it was Sam's Town, where they had like the, it was one of the Sega
Racing games, and they had one that like tilted, that was awesome.
If you and Dan decide to take the jump to PlayStation 4 in the coming weeks, and I'm
imagining you're gonna pick up Plus, but I imagine most PlayStations come with it like
a month or two bundled anyway, I would be very curious what Dan's thought is on Drive
Club.
I wonder if it would work with the three monitors.
Not to belittle Loki's opinion, you know, everybody's gonna have their opinions on the
game, but Dan, you know, he loves these car games, and I would be very interested in his
opinion on all that.
I think for him, whether if he hooks it up to the rig or not, would be whether or not
it supports three monitors.
Interesting.
Because it's sort of a distraction, I think, to have the two unused.
Do the new consoles even do multiple monitors?
I don't know if they do.
Well, then.
You can do multiple consoles to multiple monitors.
I don't know if that'll do, I know Gran Turismo used to do that.
Gran Turismo had that built in.
Interesting.
You could take an individual console, you know, the three consoles, three versions of
the game, and run them all together to run the various aspects of the monitors.
Probably the best thing you can get on that console would probably be, what was the other,
there was another driving unit they just put out that wasn't that, that was okay.
Wasn't Drive Club, it was Project Cars, would have been another one that was probably pretty
good.
But that one, probably one on a PC, or VR, because they have it on, you know, VR support
on PC.
See, now, if Drive, I really want to check out Drive Club, but if it is more like Forza
or Gran Turismo, and less Forza Horizon or Blur or something like that, then I probably
won't dig it either.
It just didn't, it didn't seem like other than.
But I realize other people love that stuff, so.
I understand, like, other than, like, you know, Horizon, they have, like, a lot of different
challenges you could do, and the atmosphere was interesting, the music was good.
This is, like, pretty game, race, you know, you have to race well, and you get points
for racing well, and somehow that goes into your Drive Club or something like that.
And I just, I didn't care about any of that.
It didn't, the demo or game is supposed to hook you into it to want to play and buy the
full game.
It just didn't do that for me.
It just kind of put me in the race, and I was like, okay, cool.
And then I raced it, and I was just like, okay, I'm not that impressed with this, so
I'm deleting this.
Alright, fair enough.
I'll check it out during the week, and I'll see if I happen to feel any different.
Yes, there you go.
Pow, Pow nails it right there.
It feels generic.
And that's a comment in our chat over at Live.VogNetwork.com.
Alright, one other thing I want to mention about the Xbox One, because I did play a lot
with this feature this week, and that is that, thank you to Mr. Tra- Tra- Tranivis?
Travis Donovan.
That's what happens when you run those words together.
Our pal over at Understation Live hooked me up with an invite to the preview program on
Xbox One, so I'm able to check out this whole backwards compatibility thing.
And I gotta say, once the update finally came in, because like he invited me, I had to download
the preview dashboard, and then I had to wait like three days, and then finally my system
got flagged for the update.
So once that update came in though, I gotta say, it was pretty cool, because I went into
the game section, and just right there, it's like, here's all these games you can download
in your library.
And since I bought a lot of arcade games, oh hey, they're all free, what, oh my god,
oh my god, I bought so many of those stupid games, you guys.
So like seriously, it lights up, and it goes, you can download right now, Zuma, Perfect
Dark, Jetpack Refueled, Super Meat Boy, and Hexic, or something like that, or what's the
other one, there's another big one, I'm forgetting, Geometry Wars, you can download all that stuff
right now.
So I was like, sweet, my game library on the One just expanded.
And I have to say, it's integrated really well, like it just, you fire it up from the
Xbox One, and even, it looks like they went back and created new splash screens for all
these games.
Because like you launch Geometry Wars, and a splash screen comes up like the rest of
the Xbox One games do, which I don't remember seeing on the 360, it's just, it's one of
those tiny little things that kind of enhances it.
And then, you know, the game plays, it launches into 360 mode or whatever, but if you hit
the button, it shrinks into that little window on the dashboard, just like any other game,
you can do the Twitch stuff and all that with the 360 games.
So I gotta say, I'm really impressed at just how well that integrates.
That sounds awesome.
Yeah, the system does not dump down into another mode in order to do it, like the Wii U does,
or even, I think, when the 360 did Xbox games, it dumped down into classic Xbox mode.
And I think.
And this doesn't do that.
So I was really impressed with that.
So the only thing I haven't had a chance to try yet is disc-based games, because I can't
find my copy of Mass Effect, although now I realize I have some of my games in here,
and it might have been in the studio and not in the main room, I don't know.
I can't find my disc copy of Mass Effect, and I think I got rid of Cameo and Viva Pinata,
so those are like all the 360 discs I have that are in the program right now.
I think I have Viva Pinata.
I don't know, maybe I have Viva Pinata.
It was one of the games with gold games.
Yeah, and now it's like even trying to go to a GameStop to find one of those games is
gonna be a pain in the butt because, oh, wait, is this it?
No.
Are you making sure to grab your games with gold each month?
No, I've been bad, not giving it, getting it.
You got time.
Oh no, I can't, oh no, the new ones, yeah.
Yeah, definitely, you know, get a hold of that, because you don't wanna miss any of
that.
You never know.
So anyway, yeah, sadly, Tech 2030 says Cameo is so cheap at GameStop, you'll find it at
any of them, so that's pretty cool.
It was pretty fun from what I remember.
I went hog wild when I first got my Xbox 360.
I remember I bought almost all the launch games, almost all of them.
SSG100 Matt is razzing me in chat a little bit, saying, wait, Rob bought a ton of versions
of Mass Effect but can't find this one?
I know, like, and here's the crazy thing, I can find my copies of two and three, I can't
find one, and I feel like I did that stupid thing where I loaned it out to somebody and
now I have no idea where it is, and I'm gonna need to put a sign-out sheet on my library
when I loan out games.
Anyway, so there you go, that was my gaming week, exploring the backwards compatibility
on Xbox One.
I'm really looking forward to them to add more games, and I hope we don't have to wait
till October for it, but I have a feeling we might, because this is the preview program
after all, we probably won't see that hundreds of games until later on.
Well, what they are showing, I mean, every little bit that they do is great, I mean,
and it seems like they've done it in a way that's...
This is how you're supposed to do backwards compatibility, Nintendo.
This is how you do it.
You actually...
Sony.
Sony, too.
Sony is terrible at this, I mean, I don't understand how the PlayStation 4 can't run
PlayStation 1 games emulated.
Hell, the Vita can run them emulated.
Why can't you emulate that shit?
I have a feeling, though, I have a feeling this threw the gauntlet down, despite, and
I know we got into this last week, so I don't want to repeat myself, despite the comments
that that guy made at E3 about how backwards compatibility is an important bloody, bloody
block.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, Rumble is a last-gen feature, too, okay.
Yeah, you can't go off-script at E3, I get it, but you can bet some hard conversations
are being had at Sony headquarters this week, and there will be a response, and it'll probably
be at Gamescom, so we'll wait and see, because I think Gamescom, you know, PlayStation's
always been huge in Europe, I think Gamescom's the perfect time to do it, so we'll see what
happens.
But you know, you know that has been discussed in a boardroom this week.
What are we going to do to respond to this?
But I'm, like I'm saying, and not the dog Nintendo, because Sony is just as guilty,
you know, I'm talking about, like, adding features to your old games.
Like Virtual Console, how awesome would that be if, like, it had this Twitch support and
all that stuff, like, online multiplayer, that would be amazing, that would give new
life to these old games.
The one thing that I have my fingers crossed for is that I feel like Nintendo, even if
they're going to lag a generation behind, with whatever this NX thing is, I feel like
that might be, you know, because, like, okay, the Wii turned into the Wii U, and the Virtual
Console added the tablet support and all that, so maybe the way they're going to get you
to buy them all again on the NX, or pay the small upgrade fee, is that it will have a
lot of that other integration.
I hope, I hope Nintendo's learned that at this point, we'll see.
We'll see.
Oh, well.
Trophies, or coins, or whatever.
I can see what they have.
If they're truly doing these universes- I gotta say, though, and I was staring at
this earlier today, because when I was looking up some stories and stuff, and I saw, I read
a little article on Mario Maker, I'm like, man, I kind of won't play that.
It's like, I almost would buy a game, the console for that, almost.
No, Mario Maker's going to be awesome.
It's got a hundred levels in it that they're going to be including with it offline.
I'm like, eh, that is almost worth it.
I can see myself playing a lot, but I'm like, no, no, no, no, I can't buy a console for
one game.
Well, but keep in mind, you have Smash, you have Mario 8, you have 3D Land, I mean, it's
not like that's the only game.
You can only buy the games on the console that came out this year.
In fact, the good news is, maybe by the holidays, some of those games from a couple years ago
will start to drop to 20, 30 bucks.
We'll see.
Sony, for the love of God, drop the prices on your goddamn memory card for the Vita.
It is ridiculous.
The memory card was $10 more expensive than the goddamn Vita TV or PlayStation TV.
That is ridiculous.
You're so upset.
All right.
Anyhow, let's, let's move on.
We're going to get into the news tonight.
Quickly, some housekeeping, twitter.com slash olr, we're also on Facebook, facebook.com
slash orange lounge radio.
You can always follow us on social media channels and we appreciate it.
And of course, if you want to hear the show on a variety of different platforms, a shout
out for our YouTube channel, username orange lounge radio, where you can always hear past
episodes of the show.
Quite a little library being built up there now on our YouTube channel.
Sorry, it's not going to suddenly show you video in the studio, but sometimes Jason does
some little extra enhancements there when we're doing things like list, listen stuff.
Regardless, it's, it's incredibly, you can get YouTube on the 3DS, so it allows you to
listen to the show on the 3DS, which is great among other platforms.
So there you go.
Check us out on YouTube as well.
Let's get into the news tonight.
Despite the fact that the big expo was a couple of weeks ago, we still have a lot of gaming
news going on.
So let's get to it.
Loki.
Yeah.
So Batman Arkham Knight on PC has had quite a few issues.
I mean, when it came out, people were very unimpressed to see that it was locked to 30
frames per second.
Also, a lot of the features that were on the console versions of the game, those were removed
from the PC version for some reason, or it would just straight up crash.
So I don't know, it just very, very poor reviews for this and kind of as a response to it,
Warner Brothers has actually pulled it from sale.
They're suspending it from sale temporarily while they go through fixing the problems
on the game, and they even went as far as to remind people that, hey, if you purchase
this through Steam, there are those Steam refunds, so if you feel you need a refund,
you can go ahead and do that.
And they also had some suggestions as far as tweaks and stuff, but just right now, the
issues have been so bad that they actually had to pull it.
I mean, that's pretty bad, but I kind of wonder if the reason that they pulled it was
because of the Steam refund thing.
Now they're kind of a little bit more accountable for all that, and will actually show an impact.
Um, maybe, but you have, I mean, the game obviously was not in a releasable condition
on PC, at least for some gaming setups.
I suppose...
Uh, most gaming setups, unless you had like a really high-end gaming setup, and even then
it ran like crap.
Well, and it made me go, why didn't they test this on a variety of computers?
I don't think it's something they didn't test it, it's just they released it, they get those
sales and then...
But surely you test it, at least, I mean, okay, obviously they did it on the high-end
rigs, but don't you test at the minimum specs?
Isn't that how you determine the minimum specs, is to test on that setup?
Like what happened?
Was it, I mean, and it's not like they hadn't delayed the game several times already.
I mean, was it...
It says it was a shoddy port, and unfortunately, I don't even know if I'd blame the people
that are porting it, because like, there was some other shady shit that they did with this.
Like for example, Nvidia has kind of a stake in this, because Nvidia has some of these,
you know, special settings and stuff there in the game, features like the smoke effects
and I forget what other effects, they had like lighting or some other ambient occlusion
stuff, that they were showcasing off as part of like, in fact, this game was bundled with
a lot of these GTX cards, and the video that they have online showing it off, you know,
showing this really silky smooth frame rate, it's doubled in speed, they sped up the video
to make it look like 60 frames per second.
You can tell that because you can hear dialogue and it sounds all squeaky in the background.
Because they sped it up in those scenes, and people are calling them out on that, and it's
just all part of this, so these people are behind this, and they know what's going on,
I just don't know why they chose to release it if it wasn't ready to be released.
But yet the console versions seem to be just fine, and that's important to point out.
Yeah, so it looks like they ported it from the PlayStation 4 version, because even the
controls in there, the prompts and everything are from the PlayStation 4, which doesn't
make any sense, because most gaming platforms, you know, most games on PC will use the Xbox
360 prompts, because most people are using an Xbox 360 or Xbox One controller.
That's so weird.
Yeah, I mean, again, it's hard to talk on this with any authority, because, you know,
I don't program games, especially not at this level, so it's hard for me to kind of show
or figure out, like wrap my head around, where did it go wrong?
The only thing I can kind of sit here as a consumer and go, well, it did, and now there's
going to be these ramifications for it.
Yeah, the fact that it's running on, like, people with high-end gaming rigs can't even
run this game, like, past 30 frames per second.
I mean, like, there was one example, TotalBiscuit, he reviews PC games very critically, and he
was even talking about, he has a $5,000 gaming computer that he runs with, like, a Titan,
maybe multiple Titan GPUs and stuff, and couldn't get it to run that great.
I mean, it ran 60 frames per second sometimes, like, if you unlocked it, you have to mod
some INI files in order to get it to work, but even with his, it was still not maintaining
a good frame rate.
The ambient occlusion is gone, so the lighting is a step down from what you see with the
consoles, and just, like, even the texture quality was crap.
It's just really rushed.
You know, this also seems to deal a blow a little bit, and I know people are going to
disagree with me on this, but just from what I see, this really deals a blow to some of
the people that are very much PC elitists, I don't know if that's a really strong word,
but you know there's some people out there that feel that PC is superior to consoles
in that whole experience, and this mangled release kind of deals a blow to that.
Well, even before this, Assassin's Creed Unity was a mess, like, that was a mess, and
this was prior to the whole refund system, so I think, like, I don't know, it's like
before you used to not have this.
The PC games, honestly, should run better than console games, because consoles, you
have really great specs initially, but on a PC, eventually the specs are going to get
better and better and better and better, and even now, you can build a PC with better specs
than PlayStation 4 easy, so you should theoretically be able to run those better, and granted it's
going to be a lot more expensive to have the hardware to do that, but when your game runs
worse than it does on console, that doesn't make any sense whatsoever, and you know, even
not this, these aren't the only companies doing this, I mean, like, there was another
video once again, you know, I watch a lot of YouTube with celebrities, so once again,
Total Biscuit again, showing off Tecmo Koei games, no one really seems to pay attention
to them, because they're not as high profile, but their games are coming out really shoddy
too, and just, it's a lot of these quick ports, you know, to make sure that they have the
coverage on PC, but they're not doing a great job on it, hell, even, let's go back as far
as like Saints Row 2, Saints Row 2 was a shitty port, you know, there's a lot of these really
quick port jobs that they do to get it on PC.
Some comments from our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com, Tech 2030 says, even with shit like this,
I'll still never buy a non-Nintendo console again.
But to be fair, you know, Nintendo is not immune to having buggy games, I mean, I always
think about that DS game, Bubble Bobble release that was missing the boss on level 30, that
shit was hilarious, and then even Nintendo themselves, I mean, Nintendo does quality
shit, they are probably the best game makers in the industry, Nintendo as a game maker,
but even like Zelda, they had to do a patch for Twilight Princess on the Wii, you had
to get like a Twilight Princess patch channel to fix, now granted, and to be fair, it is
a little apple oranges, but I'm just saying, because obviously Arkham Knight is like broken
in so many ways, whereas like the Twilight Princess thing is, if you do this one dungeon
just the wrong way, then it's going to fuck it all up, I realize it's very different,
but I'm just saying, they're not immune to problems, but, you know, I definitely see
the argument of, you don't get this shit on consoles the way you get it on PC.
Well, and even, to go back even further in Batman, I want to say it was Origins, I think,
maybe Arkham Origins, where the game was broken, but they didn't bother patching it right away
because they were too busy working on DLC content.
Pow in our chatroom says, I understand that people love their PC, but a PC doesn't cost
the same as a console.
I just don't understand why developers like Bethesda get a pass with releasing broken
games.
I don't know if Bethesda's necessarily gotten a free pass, I think they get called out on
a lot of that stuff, but the question, I think the difference is, how broken does it make
the game?
It depends also on how it's broken, because, you know, broken as in like shitty framerate
and, you know, it's refusing the run and crashing all the time, that's one thing.
Because I seem to remember the Oblivion PS3 release did get a lot of shit when it first
came out on PS3 for some of that.
Oh yeah, the PS3, Oblivion, and Skyrim even were all broken.
No, but, but yeah, to the effect of Skyrim, broken in the fact that, you know, all of
a sudden a bear shoots up in the space or, you know, like weird shit happens.
That's hilarious.
Okay, in Final Fantasy XIV, Heavensward, there was a bug and there's this bear that's like
stuck in the sky.
So as people are flying in one zone and now like the entire community-
Does it growl at you when you go by?
Please say that you-
No, no, the community has adopted this bear as Sky Bear and it, and like there's all these
like, and now the community, like if you go to like Reddit and stuff, yeah, there's all
this Sky Bear lore.
You know Tumblr's got fanfic on Sky Bear, right?
So like it's turned into this thing, right?
And in one of the patches, they, they fix Sky Bear and the community's pissed.
So I heard he came back.
Like he just showed up again one day that Sky Bear is not there.
So isn't that funny that some games will get a pass if the bugs are funny?
Yeah, I think it depends like-
Like Driver 3 on PlayStation 2.
Oh, Driver 3 is just broken in all sorts of ways.
Driver 3 is like Showgirls bad.
It's to the point where it's just like, it's hilarious bad and it, that was a fun game.
I love Driver 3.
It's just, that's the thing.
It's like if it affects you and being able to play the game, then I think it's going
to be, you know, not taken very nicely.
If it's just something that's kind of funny, then that's, you know, it's kind of harmless
and a lot of times, you know, what's nice about Bethesda though is they do open it up
for modding, so a lot of times the community can patch a lot of that stuff out and fix
stuff that's broken.
Not necessarily that they're going to rely on that, but there is that option.
And I think also scope wise, I mean I know Batman Arkham Knight is like kind of a really
big open world game, but Skyrim is huge as far as like, you know, landscape and stuff.
So I don't know, I can't expect a lot of things broken, but yeah.
Their bugs are entertaining, I'm sorry.
Let me get a few more comments from our chat here.
Dungeon Buster says, Arkham Knight just sounds like a bad port job, which unfortunately happens.
Rama says, I'm kind of surprised about Arkham Knight being broken on PC.
You'd think the PC dev kit would be on par with the PS4, Xbox One, software aside.
William Murderface says, Rama, they gave the port to a mess studio and gave them just a
couple of months to port it.
This is likely the cause of most of the problems.
Yeah, I wouldn't, I'm not going to blame the studio at all.
I think that they did the best they could in the timeframe, but if they just gave it, why
give them a few months to port it?
I just, I want to caution the industry on something.
Not to, like, go full on tinfoil hat, the sky is falling.
There's a lot of documentaries even out there right now you can watch on Netflix and been
screening at certain festivals.
Atari Game Over is one of them and World 1-1 is another documentary, I know there's some
other great documentaries out there that capture this.
Why did Atari go under?
History lesson, folks.
Why did Atari go under?
They were doing a lot of shoddy, there's a lot of shovelware license games out there
that they were doing a lot of license stuff that wasn't very good, it was just turned
around really quick.
Right.
That was a big part of it, right?
Kind of like the Wii.
Well, and everybody, yeah, but the Wii.
No, no, no, no.
Not knocking the Wii.
Well, the bubble did burst on the Wii, at some point.
I'm not knocking the Wii at all.
It was an easy platform to develop for and a lot of games, hell, I knew a lot of companies
that would buy obscure-ass licenses like Jelly Bellies and make fucking games based on it
and flip that shit around.
It's a fair read, like the last two years of Wii games outside of Nintendo itself was
mostly crap, and I think that's a fair read.
The bubble did burst on the Wii, that doesn't mean the Wii was a bad system.
No, not at all.
At the end of its life, it was starting to get a little crappy.
It was easy to develop for.
Well, and we all talk about how E.T. was the worst game ever made, which it's not, but
why does E.T. get that label of the worst game ever made?
Because a very talented dev, Howard Scott Warshaw, who made a game like Yars Revenge,
Indiana Jones, had six weeks to make E.T. happen.
What happened with Pac-Man, the guy who programmed that, and I'm sorry, I forget his name in
the moment, had like six or eight weeks to make that.
He needed a bigger cartridge to make the game people wanted.
Atari said no.
What's happening?
Is history repeating itself?
Because we're giving a developer six weeks to turn around and make a, I mean, if rumors
to be believed and so forth, could history be repeating itself?
Because now, I see a lot, and I don't think the industry's gonna go on full on crash or
anything like that, and I think the big difference now that we didn't have then was that you
have an indie scene now, and indie scenes, the indie scene is always gonna kind of change
things a little bit.
Back in the day, indie devs didn't really exist in the 2600 era.
You know what I mean?
Like, you couldn't just whip up an Atari 2600 game in your basement.
I mean, maybe you could, but let's be real, it's a lot easier to do today on a PC, especially
with engines like Unity and so forth being free, as opposed to what it used to be back
in the day.
So I'm not saying that we're headed towards a game crash, but I am definitely seeing a
lot of people that are like, you know what?
I am fucking done with pre-ordering games.
And for me personally, I said this a long time ago, I can't stand to pre-order games.
And part of it is stuff like this, another part of it is just that, you know, you never
really know where the best sale is going to be until the game comes out, I feel, is that
other companies will try to get you to lock in, but then you'll find out, like, Best Buy
is giving away a gift card, or Amazon's giving away this, you know, I kind of like to see
what options are available before I lay down that money somewhere else in advance.
But you know, I've seen articles on websites this week and on Twitter that are like, why
are we pre-ordering garbage?
So could there be this backlash?
Because if this happens and the snowball starts stirring, you know, a lot of companies rely
on this type of stuff for their financials.
You know, we could start to see some companies get in a lot of trouble because of this.
And I don't mean to be like fear mongering or getting too far ahead of myself, but I'm
just saying, I feel like this is a snowball that's got to be either stopped or it's going
to get worse.
Well, and Warner Brothers is just as bad with this.
I mean, well, actually, they're one of the worst with it, because look at Arkham Knight,
for example, first screen that you go on there, like the title screen, it's like, buy the
season pass.
You know, it's just thrown right in your face.
And they even, you know, Bethesda is actually pretty bad with it usually as far as like
talking about, you know, pre-order bonuses and stuff like that.
You know, I just, a lot of these companies will push pre-order, you know, DLC hell, even
before sometimes the game is even announced, like was it Evolve had that where they're
talking about pre-orders DLC bonuses without even showing footage of the game yet.
The first trailer hadn't come out yet and they're already talking about pre-order bonuses
for stuff.
And it's just not that great.
I mean, I don't know.
I purchase stuff digitally nowadays, which is kind of weird.
I never thought I'd be doing that, but I'm just too lazy to go to the store.
I just want to put a friendly reminder out there.
This is not the first WB Games thing where I've just kind of said, eh, I'm not going
to buy that right now.
I didn't buy Mortal Kombat X and the reason why I didn't buy Mortal Kombat X, because
I know come holiday or early next year, there's going to be a $40, $50 release that actually
has everything in it.
Yeah, there will be.
And not the $99 release or whatever it is now when you consider all the DLC fees.
I'm just, it's getting predictable.
It's getting very predictable.
And with the amount of backlog that I have with stuff, I can wait for a lot of this stuff.
Now granted, I will probably get Fallout 4 day one, and same with Just Cause 3.
Yeah, and probably Call of Duty, even though Call of Duty, whatever, I don't...
Call me a, yeah, call me a hypocrite if you must, because there will be certain game series,
like when Mass Effect Andromeda comes out, I know damn well they're going to have like
five DLC packs and all this other crap with it, but I will still be there mashing the
feeder pellet on day one, because it's fucking Mass Effect.
But I'm just going to say, it's very rare that a game series is going to get me to do
that.
I'm just going to take that plunge for anything.
Well, I've been finding a lot of these games that they've been hyping up and stuff, I've
been like less excited about once they come out.
Like Fallout, or not Fallout, Far Cry 4, although I kind of want to play it, but Dying Light,
for example, another Warner Brothers game, you know, was really hyped up and everything,
and then they just have, it came out and I just didn't care about it anymore.
I don't know.
Dartetsuya in chat says, for all the crap Nintendo gets, you have to admire Miyamoto's
adage about delayed games, which if you forget, is something along the lines of, when you
delay a game and the game comes out and it's great, no one remembers that you delayed it,
Witcher 3 is a good example, which isn't even a Nintendo game, right?
But a bad game is a bad game forever.
Not saying Arkham Knight is a bad game, but Arkham Knight PC, I think, will forever be
known as a bad game.
Even if they fix it, the word on the street is it sucks.
That's the problem now.
I will give Nintendo that.
There has never been a game that I've seen them release that have been like, wow, that's
incredibly buggy, and they really could have spent more time on that.
Even when they fuck up, like in the Twilight Princess thing, it's a pretty obscure fuckup
where it's like, the cards had to be in just the right alignment that, you know, it's understandable
how they missed it in testing, right?
Anyway, I do want to point this out because I think this is a very good comment from Akdeft
in our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com.
Akdeft says, I'm done with pre-ordering games, and yet so many people are giving their money
to Kickstarters and still pre-ordering games from companies they trust.
You know, and maybe that is a fair assessment, and maybe also fair as to why a lot of people
have problems right now with the Shenmue Kickstarter.
Because the perception is, whether it's true or not, the perception is that it's a Sony
Kickstarter.
I know it's not, but when you roll it out at a Sony press conference, it looks like
a Sony Kickstarter.
And so there's a lot of people asking, why does Sony need to kickstart all this money?
Perception is big, especially in the era of the internet where everybody makes their assessment
in 140 characters or less.
So just food for thought.
Anyway, great topic, but I got to move on for time here.
I want to get to another topic here.
Dark Soccer, do you have, you've been awfully quiet over there.
I've just been waiting.
You don't have anything you want to say on the pre-order and then Arkham Knight fiasco?
I'm just like, that's why mods exist.
No game is ever what anyone expects it to be.
That's why mods exist.
You know, somebody in chat made a very similar comment as to why Bethesda games may not get
as much crap as the others, because modders can fix the Bethesda games.
Because the Bethesda games are always wide open for modding, you know?
And pretty much people have figured out what they don't like in, you know, BioWare games
and mod those out.
Bobby black.
Sorry, go ahead.
Well, how long did it take before Inquisition had been cracked?
Oh, you can't mod frostbite.
Yeah, you can.
Yeah.
Hackers going to hack.
It's not hack.
Well, similar programming.
It's hacker adjacent.
Simple programming.
Bobby Black Wolf in chat says, Jamie hasn't said it's not pre-ordering.
It's just ordering yet.
I honestly don't give a crap anymore.
She's given up.
No, it's just, it's.
I it really isn't.
Okay, I will say it.
Say it.
Let it all out.
What a pre-order is, is when you think about ordering it.
When you make the order, you are ordering something.
Do you pre-order pizza?
Even though it's not out yet?
No, you order pizza.
Well, if Alan leaves a 20 on the counter and says, get Papa Murphy's on your way home
from work, is that let me put it this way.
This the original word, the term, the original term that they used to use when you were ordering
something that was going to be coming out later on was you're reserving the game.
That's $5.
You would reserve the game.
That makes sense.
You're paying for the reservation to reserve the game.
Done.
Pre-ordering doesn't make any sense.
Yes.
Pre-order for that.
Okay.
That's fair.
I've heard it before.
All right.
And act F degrees anyway.
All right.
Look, we could.
Oh, no.
The book that I'm writing, I am actually writing where the entire American dialect consists
of prefixes, suffixes, and people actually speaking acronyms.
Oh, don't we do that now because of text message O M G L O L W T F.
I don't really do that.
I D G A F.
Yeah.
That's like, I'm good, but the thing is I'm going to be spelling them out.
Like they're actually words because they, but they have by that point become so ingrained
into vocabulary that they actually do equivalent to the phrase that they're trying to mimic.
I've caught myself saying L O L out loud.
I don't know why.
I'll say L O L just to be stupid, but I don't go around saying that in everyday conversation.
L O L.
All right.
Anyway, I'll never say WTF because it's just more satisfying to say what the fuck.
I'm a big fan of whiskey tango foxtrot myself.
I like that one.
All right.
Moving on.
That's a big news in the world this week and um, you know that, you know, I don't, I don't
want to get too political or off topic, but obviously, um, I don't know if y'all know,
but my birthday actually was Friday, I'm 37 years young now and I received the best birthday
gift ever.
No, for real, for real.
Like just the fact that, you know, people can marry whoever they want.
I wasn't saying that was cute.
You thinking that that was, you're saying years young and I'm older than you and that's
so cute.
Shut up.
Uh, but no, it's, it's, it's amazing.
Anyway, I don't want to get too off course, but I'm, I'm so fucking happy that now like
it just, like we don't have to have a chart.
Like here's where you're this and here's where you're that and here's where you're somewhere
in this nebulous gray, not done, done.
And that is definitely something we're celebrating, even though we certainly have a lot more progress
to go for equality, especially when it comes to, you know, uh, the visibility of things
that you don't see as much on television and so forth such as, you know, bisexuality, asexuality.
We especially have a long way to go when it comes to transgender rights and so on and
so forth.
I don't want to, I don't want to get too soap boxy, but we definitely have a, a, something
to celebrate this weekend, um, but a long way to go.
And um, this kind of ties into that a little bit and Nintendo has mentioned that there
will be same sex marriage available as an option in Fire Emblem Fates for the 3DS.
I want to point out, I listen to talk radio on my way to work.
I usually listen to it for the traffic reports.
Um, but this particular station that I listen to tends to lean one political direction versus
the other.
Uh, and I was very surprised to hear that this topic came up on the station while I
was driving into work and they were actually, uh, had brought this up on the show that Nintendo
is bringing, uh, same sex marriage to Fire Emblem Fates.
Um, so of course this game is already launched in Japan, it happened this week, and it will
be coming to the US and Europe in 2016.
There is the possibility for a same sex marriage to take place between the main character created
by the gamer and another character in the game.
Um, there is a game called Con, there's a, like, you know how there's like Pokemon red
and blue?
Well, there's Fire Emblem Fates Conquest Edition, where you can be a male character and you
can marry either gender.
And then the Birthright Edition is a female character where you can marry either gender.
And then I believe if you have both the Conquest and Birthright, you can download the third
story edition where anything's possible.
Now you, this is important because you might remember Nintendo got a lot of pushback when
Tomodachi Life did not allow folks to marry somebody of the same gender.
Because Tomodachi Life, and just to remember, the problem especially that I had with that
was that Tomodachi Life was a simulator and you were creating essentially yourself.
And that's what a lot of people were making in Tomodachi Life.
And by restricting this, Nintendo was not allowing some people to be themselves.
And that was the problem I think a lot of people had.
A game like Fire Emblem, I'm gonna admit, is a little different to me because when you're
talking about a story that has a narrative where, you know, you're in this world or whatever
that's a different story.
It's not a projection of yourself.
You're taking on the role of another character.
It's one of those things where I don't think it should be required or necessary that we
have same-sex marriage.
But goddamn, representation is a great thing to see.
And I think that's what makes this notable and important is that it's just like the fact
that you can, trust me, is so important because I'll tell you 30 years ago when you would
see a gay guy or a lesbian in the media, it was very narrow what that meant.
Not to be, well, I guess I am going to be a little blunt and this might sting a little
bit, but it's the honest to God truth.
The only gay men you saw on TV in the mid 80s were usually dying of AIDS.
And I know that's a really like, ooh, ouch, kind of thing to say.
Just look at the plot of Rent.
But I mean, that's what it was.
And it's like, oh God, if you're gay, you're going to get this disease.
And that took years and years of education to really reverse that way of thinking.
Anyway, I don't want to keep going down that path.
I just want to say this is great to have that inclusion and is a really cool thing by Nintendo.
And it's also cool that if you don't want to do it, you don't have to, and you won't
even notice it in your game, just like in Mass Effect.
So I just, I love that a big company like Nintendo is letting it be an option in one
of their games where there's choices.
But wouldn't it let me keep my friends with benefits type relationships with these characters?
You kind of can have that Mass Effect.
Like isn't that kind of, and correct me if I'm wrong, Dark Soccer, but isn't the Jack
relationship kind of that?
No, it gets serious.
Does it?
I was on the impression the Jack relationship was more of a friend of benefits type thing.
And when it gets serious is when she kind of starts to freak out a little.
Well, yeah.
I mean, I think it's, it'd be, you know, nevermind.
I lost what I was going to say just because I'm so irritated at my home state right now.
Oh, more news and things.
Mobile's being okay, but Alabama's, uh, the justice in Alabama is a total fuckwad.
And I'm hoping for a Wallace situation with his ass.
Oh, the national guard has to remove his ass from blocking the door because he's a stupid
ass.
I don't doubt that will happen.
You don't want to piss off a bunch of lesbians.
Oh no, I'm going to, I learned that lesson a long time ago.
And if that happens, I'm going to be watching the news of my popcorn going, oh, glad I moved.
Anyway.
Um, that anyway, I just wanted to bring that up.
Uh, I think that's a neat, neat little, um, option that's available and what a good, uh,
what a good weekend for that type of news to come out to us.
Many people, uh, up and down the nation are celebrating pride.
I've decided that I'm going to be an ordained minister.
Are you?
Yep.
I've decided because I'm going to do the, um, Spaceballs marriage.
I'm going to specialize in the Spaceballs short, short version.
Do you?
Yes.
Do you?
Yes.
You're married.
You're married.
Kiss.
That'll be it.
Can I get a specialty?
I could do it.
Can I, can I get a specialty in the Princess Bride?
Mowage.
Love.
To love.
No.
Of course, I'd also have to go through with the occasional Dick Van Patten, hey Abbott.
You can.
I'm sad he's dead.
You can get some pretty amazing people to do your wedding these days.
He's dead.
No, no, no.
I'm just saying, uh, like, uh, I was actually looking online.
Did you know?
Don't ask me why I was looking at this online.
Ms. Cleo is going to marry you?
No, I, well, I bet Ms. Cleo would do a wedding, but Lori Beth Denberg will do weddings.
Who?
Um, she was on All That on Nickelodeon way back in the day.
I know people in chat are going to know that.
Yes, I have the theme song right in my head.
If I were going to get married again, well, you know, my anniversary, my 10 year anniversary
is coming up.
I would want a Frank-N-Furter clergy.
I can, I can arrange that to happen for you who looks like a seventies Tim Curry because
those legs, um, Oh, my, my ex-girlfriend, um, like a seventies Tim Curry, she hasn't
played phrase.
She's the one that got me into Rocky horror.
But anyway, my ex-girlfriend, is she the one that I put the butthurt picture on the post
about a butthurt picture?
It might've been because that was funny.
You put the bye bitch.
Oh no, that was, no, that was my friend Richard who actually is friends with my ex.
But anyway, not getting into too much person stuff, but my ex-girlfriend got, just got
married at the San Francisco zoo like a month ago and you know, who officiated her wedding
was Peaches Christ, the drag queen.
I saw the pictures from, um, from, um, Victoria because she is awesome.
All right.
Anyway, let's, let's stop talking about weddings.
Let's get back into games, star soccer, weddings.
It's not all it's made out to be.
Now everybody can, not everyone can be pissed off.
Now everybody can experience the pure misery of marriage.
Everyone can know that wonderful feeling when you wake up and you look at your significant
other sleeping there peacefully in the bed and going, I could just stab you in the face.
Oh wait, I love you.
So anyway, um, Nintendo has decided that they might be doing an early access thing too.
Their head of third party relations, Damon Baker, said that they don't have anything
to announce.
They've been pushing around the idea of looking at other early access programs to give people
sneak peaks, you know, so it could happen.
It couldn't happen maybe, but the big thing that they're looking at is actually right
now looking at the logistics of it, you know, can the server take it?
Are people going to actually use it?
Will it be worthwhile?
Is it cost effective?
They're considering this to be a sensitive topic right now and aren't going to discuss
much more on it.
In other words, it's a, we thought about it, maybe.
The end?
I don't know.
Not everybody likes these early access programs because it sometimes leads to shovelware and
half broken promises.
It leads to tears.
You want to talk about ordering something in advance when you don't even really know
what it is.
I mean, that's a lot of what green light is and not to say there's bad, that's all bad
things on green light.
Heck no.
There's some awesome things on green light, but unfortunately, you know, you get a few
bad apples out there that kind of ruin it for everybody else.
So you know, when, when Microsoft announced society three, uh, wasn't met around the board
with applause.
Some actually met it a little bit with some groans.
So it'll be interesting, but it would be interesting to see Nintendo get in on something like
that.
Nintendo has been pretty darn supportive of Indies, um, because in a way, like not to
sound shitty, but in a way that's all they have right now because the third parties,
you know, save for the 3DS have really jumped ship.
So Nintendo is really embracing the indie things because you know, that's a lot of what
the Wii U has going for it on the shop right now.
That's not a bad thing at all.
Uh, that's, that's how I'm going to get a F zero game on the Wii U is through the indie
channel.
And, uh, you know, they were doing a lot of indie stuff during E3.
So anyway, but I don't know how I feel about the green light stuff.
That might be a bit, that might be a bit too much.
I don't know.
Loki, what do you think about Nintendo doing green light?
Um, as long as, you know, I don't have a problem with them doing that as long as there's like,
uh, you know, a review system in place so people can tell when something's bad.
And then, you know, aside from that, I'm just going through my PlayStation plus background,
you know, my, uh, download list I have.
There's a ton of games on here I didn't realize they had.
It's like Dragon's Dawn, when did I get that?
Uh, D'artesui in chat says, I do like what they did during E3.
I checked out the demo of Freedom Planet.
It seemed fun.
Very Sonic the Hedgehog meets Mega Man.
So if it lets people test drive games for free, um, then I'd be all for that again.
Yeah, I liked what they did during E3 and I heard a lot of good buzz around, um, the
Freedom Planet game as well.
So I think that it worked out really well for some of the games that were involved there
and generating a little bit of buzz.
All right, well, let's move on.
Loki.
All right.
So let's talk a little bit about, um, terrible, um, marketing ideas.
So there was, um, I believe it was part of an interview.
They're talking with, uh, Bungie's, um, Luke Smith, um, and this is in regards to, I guess
the Destiny Collector's Edition that was coming out.
Basically, you know, the price point was going to be really high.
Um, and the only way to get like this, there's like, there's going to be some special emotes
I think that were a part of it, um, and in order to get those special emotes, you have
to buy the Collector's Edition, which basically included the original game and then also the
expansion pack that was in there as well and then this additional Collector's Edition stuff.
And basically the original quote was like, well, you know, based on, you know, if we
told you what these emotes were, whatever, people would be throwing money at us already
and just kind of insulting their audience, basically saying that, you know, that this
stuff is, you know, high price for a reason and we don't care because we know that you'll
buy it.
Um, so of course he's gone back on that and apologized, basically saying, reading my interview
with Eurogamer and imagining it came from some random developer of a game I love, that
random developer looks like an asshat.
But that asshat was me and those words rightfully anger you.
I'm sorry.
Um, and, you know, with that, they're talking about the content, um, they're saying the
in-game emotes and armor shaders, um, will be available for $20 without the need to rebuy
the original DLC.
Oh, that's nice!
So you can get that, all that, the extra stuff for $20 for emotes and fucking armor skins?
Really?
Yeah, this whole Destiny stuff is another great example of how people have really fucking
had it.
Okay, I mean, how generous of you, sir, instead of having to pay $100 for your fucking game,
I can pay $20 for useless shit.
Let me put it this way, I understand people are fans of the game, but please, show some
restraint and don't buy into this shit.
This is why they can do this.
And his exact point in his original interview, which I think was more genuine because this
is coming from him, now he's just backpedaling to save some face.
It's because people are rabid fans of this game, and it may not even necessarily be this
game, it could be, let's say, Mass Effect or something.
And if people are rabid fans of it, they will just buy whatever you throw at them, and they
can basically test out how ridiculous it could be, oh, let's put some, let's put a couple
skins out there and we'll charge $20 for it.
Even in Mass Effect, I didn't buy, like, don't they have, like, skins and guns and stuff
available in Mass Effect that you can, I never bought any of that.
I bought Garrus armor because I couldn't stand the destroyed armor, but that was well worth
it to me.
Yeah, but I didn't buy any of that stuff, but anyway, that's, so, um, whatever, I mean,
so he apologized, so, um, wasn't there some other crap that happened with Destiny this
week with the whole, like, red, oh god, yes, and then there is the whole, um, the other
thing that they, right around the same time that this interview came out, which people
were kind of angry at them about that as well, um, they also put up this thing that's a promotion
that they're going to do with Red Bull, where you buy these cans and they have codes on
them, kind of like how they did Mountain Dew and Call of Duty and stuff, where, um, basically
you buy this and then you get, like, extra, you know, XP or whatever, you know, stuff
to help your progress in the game or skins and that kind of shit.
And then people are just not happy about that, because that came out and it's like, okay,
so you're gonna, you need me to drink Red Bull and buy shit for some special Red Bull
exclusive content and stuff.
So people, of course, were jabbing at that and stuff.
One of those companies, or one of the games that actually made fun of that was actually
Die in Light, and this is kind of cool.
So Die in Light, they put out this little thing, um, talking about how to, he said,
level up your game with real king, the real king of hydration, featuring water.
And so, if you were to, um, uh, because originally the Destiny's Red Bull DLC, I think you had
to buy that and then, um, I'm trying to see what it offered even with that.
I don't even like Red Bull, like, ugh.
I do.
Low-key would have to get me the DLC.
Just kidding, I want it.
Today, though, seriously, because I said I was gonna swear off soda, but I'm not swearing
off Red Bull because that's, like, my coffee, and with the amount of sleep, I was falling
asleep on the floor today, like, watching the kids, I literally, like, passed out from
that tire.
I need caffeine to stay awake.
So there is no getting rid of it, because it's just not, I will be asleep.
So anyways, that aside, um, so the extra XP and stuff, so Die in Light, if you were to
take a picture of yourself drinking a glass of water, with the hashtag DrinkRightDyingLight,
they would actually give you a code for a new top-tier weapon on Twitter.
That is some high-definition shade.
That's great.
That's kind of funny.
I'm loving that.
You know, I'm gonna say something that's gonna sound really mean, but I'm just gonna say
it.
Um, it's starting to sound like Bungie was a better run company when it was under Microsoft.
Just saying.
I'm not giving Bungie the, I'm not saying that they're behind all this DLC stuff.
Look at Activision.
Activision does this shit with Call of Duty all the time.
So I would see this as a Call of Duty type action, you know, you would see from Activision.
I could see that.
This type of cross-promotion thing.
I would think it's more along the lines of that.
Seeing as what's happened with, like, Blizzard and World of Warcraft, and there was the Real
Money Auction House fiasco in Diablo 3, and then, you know, World of Warcraft, they sell
all these mounts, and then there was the whole thing where they're advertising a flying mount
right there on the splash page.
On the same day, they announced that flying mounts are never coming to Draenor.
So if you wanna use a, you know, you can use them as a ground mount, but it's like, a lot
of people are really pissed off about that, so.
So I could see them just doing that, um, I don't know, whatever, I mean, don't buy it
if you don't want it, but there's a lot of people that drink Red Bull, and if that's
the case, then you can get some extra XP or something like that.
I still, once again, I stared at the game today.
I was like, man, I was grabbing my controller, too, because my son was playing more Ninja
Robot thing, the playroom, he was playing with the playroom stuff on PlayStation 4,
and I was looking, as I walked by to pick up the controllers, I'm like, ah, there's
Destiny and Watch Dogs, I really do need to play those at some point, and that's kind
of where it's been.
I'm like, I'm not that excited to play them.
When I bought them, I was excited to play them.
Not so much anymore.
Surprise Helen.
All right, well, moving on, this story made me very sad, and I kind of referenced this
a little bit earlier, but, you know, and a lot of people felt the need to go out of their
way to point this out, like, look at this story, Rob, doesn't this make you sad?
Doesn't this make you so sad?
Well, there's a report, and I would say this is kind of rumor status, but it's one of those
things where it's like, well, I know a guy, but anyway, long story short, Nintendo apparently
approached Criterion Games, and if you've heard that name before, they make games like
Burnout and Need for Speed, and Nintendo basically asked Criterion Games, hey, would you like
to develop F-Zero for the Wii U?
And that approaching happened back in 2011.
Now, you might remember, Criterion did do a special, like, Need for Speed for the Wii
U.
Like, remember there was that release that came out, like, six months later of Need for
Speed Most Wanted, and it was, like, it had some extra, like, tablet features and things,
like, it wasn't just a port.
So, I mean, it makes sense that maybe Criterion and, you know, Nintendo were trying to do
some nice things together, but, like, Criterion ultimately rolls up to EA, right?
Or is EA just the publisher?
And then, you know, Nintendo and EA, back around, like, 2011, you know, Nintendo rolled
out EA at E3 as one of their big premiere publishers, and EA supported it for about
a year, and then was like, eh, fuck it, we're out.
And I still say it's because the online and some of this stuff they probably couldn't
sell on Nintendo's infrastructure, but anyway, so Criterion Games basically said, no, we
don't have time to do the F-Zero game for Wii U, and so...
Could say do DLC at launch on the Wii U?
Well, yes, some games have some DLC, like, I want to say Mass Effect has some DLC.
No, I'm just trying to remember if DLC was at launch on the Wii U, or was that something,
or, no, they had DLC on the Wii, so they must have had Wii U.
They did, but it seemed very limited.
Hmm.
But anyway.
No, I remember, was that after that happened, I can't remember the timeline here, but were
they doing the online pass?
No, they had online pass stuff on Wii U, I thought.
No, you signed up for an Origin thing, but I don't think they had the online pass.
Anyway.
I don't remember.
Not to go back to, like, years old news, but it's just, it's still one of those things
where it's like, well, shit, and I like Burnout, and I like Need for Speed, and Criterion does
a lot of good stuff, so I'm kind of disappointed they didn't get the chance to do F-Zero, and
I respect that they said, you know, we don't have the time to do it because we have these
other projects, and we, you know, if we're going to do F-Zero, we got to do it right.
I can respect that, but at the same time, I can also say, cancel the other projects
and do F-Zero.
It's more important.
I would settle for Burnout Paradise, too, though.
Well, maybe.
Oh my god, can you imagine Burnout Paradise on the hardware that's out there now?
I'm surprised it's not already happening.
It's because they're doing Need for Speed.
The fourth or fifth reboot they've done?
Oh god, yeah.
It's pretty good Burnout.
Burnout was so good.
I mean, granted, ending it on Burnout Paradise was, I mean, seriously the best game in the
series, so I'm just so disappointed that they haven't made anything else, because that was
so good.
All right.
Well, let's go over to Dark Soccer for another story before we get to release dates.
Well, you know, anyone in here who plays the Fallout games, you know what the currency
is there, right?
Do you know?
Bottle caps.
Yep.
There is a Fallout fan who sent over 2,000 bottle caps to Bethesda's office before the
E3 announcement, and so they are giving them Fallout 4 for the bottle caps.
The only time they're doing it is because someone went into that much effort.
Somebody thought of it before you did.
They're gonna get it.
You're not, so don't even do it.
And so Matt Grandstaff, who is the global community lead for Bethesda, said, for being
the first, he deserves the recognition.
So this is the only time they're gonna do it, but it is pretty cool.
Apparently, it's 11 pounds of bottle caps.
Wasn't this the plot of Punch Drunk Love starring Adam Sandler?
Have I ever seen that?
No.
It was like he collected the tops of pudding cups or something and sent them in for a free
trip?
I feel like I've heard this story before somewhere in a movie.
Maybe they'll make a movie out of this guy.
The boy who bought Fallout with bottle caps.
That wouldn't be very interesting.
Well, unless he falls in love with Emma Watson at the end, then maybe it's a little more
interesting.
I don't know.
I'd just say beer caps.
And soda.
Do you do the thing that we used to do in the dorm room where you take the bottle cap
and then you rub it on the wall and it sticks to the wall?
No.
I have a big container full of them and I'm planning on making a bench or something, like
the one outside of Dad's kitchen.
Oh, yeah, okay.
I think something like that would be neat or maybe like a magnet board.
I just have to see if the metal is metal enough to hold magnets.
Are you metal enough?
Are you metal enough?
Well, you know what I mean?
They're not made of very ferrous metals.
So I have to see.
You're not ferrous enough for them.
You know what ferrous means?
Containing iron.
Oh, SSJ100Matt in chat says, that was a real story.
A guy exploited a pudding cup trick that allowed him to get unlimited fliermires.
See, I knew it was the plot of a movie.
I knew this was a real thing somewhere.
Learn about one trick that pudding cup makers hate.
Pudding companies hate him.
You won't believe what he did.
Click here to find out.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Did Polygon run an article that said bottle makers hate him?
Click here to find out what he did.
Actually, bottle makers would love him.
Click here to find out how he's misogynistic and preventing women from being in those games.
Moving on.
Traveling around the world and checking out release dates.
What's coming to a game store near you?
Loki.
Anything with the holiday this week?
No, there's stuff coming out.
BlazBlue Chrono Phantasma Extend on PlayStation 3, Xbox One, PlayStation 4.
Also coming out this week on PlayStation 3 and PlayStation 4.
J-Stars Victory vs. Plus.
And then also Hyperdimension Neptunia Rebirth 3 V Generation for Vita.
And that's it.
Although, in a few weeks, only Chambara Z2 Chaos for PlayStation 4.
I may have to pick that up.
Maybe.
Maybe.
Maybe.
It's North Defense Force, but it does have Bikini Samurais fighting zombies.
All right.
Well, going to Japan this week, actually not a lot of releases in Japan this week, but
on the PlayStation 3, we do have Zatai Gakeki Warriors comes out this week.
Trying to see what type of game this is.
It looks like a little cartoon.
It says Metropolis Defenders is the subtitle, and it looks like a little cartoon-based game.
Looks like it might be like a city defense.
I don't want to say it's like tower defense, but it looks like you're kind of like building
up this city and probably defending it from robot attacks.
Again, I'm totally making that assessment based on screenshots.
But that's on the PlayStation 3 this week.
And looking quickly to see if anything is on the Wii U this week.
There is no game, but you can get a Mario Kart 8 handle for your Wii remote controller.
Ooh.
It's a Metal Mario version.
Maybe to match the Metal Mario amiibo?
I don't know.
But on the PlayStation Vita this week, there's a few more games.
You have that same Zatai Gakeki Wars comes out, as well as Nobunaga no Yabu Tendu with
the power-up kit.
That is getting a price reduction, so if you want to get into Nobunaga no Yabu, you can
this week on the PlayStation Vita for a little cheaper.
And also on the Vita this week, Hakuyuki Remeroku Omihayo Zora comes out this week
on the Vita.
That comes out.
And on the 3DS, nothing this week.
By the way, now that E3 is over, we need to have that vote soon on if Dark Soccer and
I are going to permanently flip release dates.
As I'm tripping and stumbling through releases this week, I'm remembering, oh yeah, we were
supposed to have that vote, but we got derailed with E3 and...
So let's just put a vote up on the site.
We'll do it next week.
I gotta hype it up.
It's an event.
It's an event.
It's a thing.
It's a thing.
Alright, Dark Soccer, what do you have for UK releases?
Jack shit.
Really?
Nothing this week?
Nothing.
Wow.
Slow week?
Yep.
Nothing until the 7th.
Things tend to slow down a little bit during summer because then once Labor Day gets here,
then you start the holiday and it's gonna be crazy.
They have our Labor Day.
Well, but still, I mean, even though the UK doesn't have our Labor Day, that's still about
the time of year where the holiday stuff kicks in.
So, alright, just a couple more stories for you guys than the classic game of the week.
Loki.
So, you know, we could tell you about the NX, but we can't because we're afraid that
you might steal our ideas.
At least that's what Iwata says.
You know, we can't talk about the NX.
If we do, competitors may take our ideas and the customers won't be surprised.
This, you know, saying basically this would not be beneficial for the company or shareholders.
The NX is new hardware.
We start from zero.
However, the 3DS and Wii U have an install basis.
Immediately cutting off software for previous hardware upon release of a new machine is
inefficient.
We will continue making 3DS and Wii software while preparing for the NX.
We are prioritizing satisfying customers who purchase the Wii U.
So you're not going to hear about it until they're ready to tell you about it.
To be fair, I mean, a lot of people kind of ripped off the Wii thing when the Wii did
really well.
I was going to say, let's be honest, they will rip off your ideas no matter when you
announce them.
I mean, look at the PlayStation Move and the Kinect.
But that's why there's so much secretiveness in the gaming industry is because, you know,
this makes me a little bit optimistic that maybe it's something better than just, oh,
it's a tablet that runs on Android that plays games.
I mean, you know, so, yeah, there, there's a twist here somewhere that obviously we haven't
thought of yet and we're not, come on, give me that exciting twist that we had with the
Wii.
I'm looking forward to that.
Yeah, it's going to be an exciting E3 next year, huh?
All right.
Uh, speaking of the Wii U, um, you know, some candid talk this week about, you know, why
was the Wii U struggling a little bit?
Uh, what's, what's been going on?
And, uh, in a talk with Miyamoto, uh, Miyamoto, uh, was talking to, uh, NPR actually on this
saying quote, so unfortunately with our latest system, the Wii U, the price point was one
that ended up getting a little higher than we wanted, but what we're always striving
to do is find a way to take novel technology that we can take and offer it to people at
a price that everybody can afford.
And in addition to that, rather than going after the high end tech space race and trying
to create the most powerful console, really what we want to do is try to find a console
that has the best balance of features with the best interface that anyone can use.
But what's most important to us is how do we create a system that is both unique and
affordable so that everyone can afford it and everyone can enjoy it.
So I don't think it's just price because if the system is appealing enough, people will
buy it even if the price is a little bit high.
I think with Wii U, our challenge was that perhaps people didn't understand the system,
but I also think we had a system that's very unique.
And particularly with video game systems, typically it takes the game system a while
to boot up.
And we thought that with a tablet type functionality connected to the system, you could have the
rapid boot up of tablet type functionality, you could have the convenience of having that
touch control while you're there on the couch, while you're playing on a device that's connected
to the TV, and it would be a very unique system that could introduce some unique styles of
play.
I think unfortunately, what ended up happening was that tablets themselves appeared in the
marketplace and evolved very, very rapidly, and unfortunately the Wii system launched
at a time where the uniqueness of those features were perhaps not as strong as they were when
we first begun developing them.
So what I think is unique about Nintendo is we're constantly trying to do unique and different
things, sometimes they work, and sometimes they're not as big of a hit as we would like
to hope.
After Wii U, we're hoping the next time it will be a very big hit.
That's a very candid and frank kind of response there on NPR.
And you know, kind of looking at it that way, it makes a lot of sense.
You know, these game systems are designed years in advance.
PlayStation 5 being worked on in a lab at Sony right now, guarantee it.
Xbox 2, or whatever they end up calling it, also being worked on in a very high secret
lab at Microsoft right now, just like the NX is being developed.
And so the Wii U was in development a long time ago, and maybe they underestimated how
fast tablets were going to evolve.
And by golly did tablets evolve fast, and about the same time the Wii U came out, the
tablet market started to get a little more saturated.
It wasn't just Apple and Android, Samsung releasing tablets, everybody was releasing
a tablet.
So when you kind of hear it in that context, you kind of go, okay, that makes a lot of
sense.
Doesn't fix the problem, but it makes a lot of sense.
So anyway, some very interesting words from Miyamoto this week.
Going to the chat room over at live.vognetwork.com, Tigerclaw says, don't be surprised if Nintendo
is working on the 4DS and Sony with Vita 2.
The 4DS, is it going to bend time, because that would be rad.
Is that the NX's capability?
It bends time.
It takes you to the future.
Bonds006 says, iWatch 3, already seeing specs drawn up.
I'm sure, I'm sure.
It's not called iWatch, it's called Apple Watch.
I was going to say, to be fair on some of those, you know, was it the Apple phone, was
it the iPhone 6, whatever?
Some of those, when the display is showing the time, you could bend time.
Stop.
Tech 2030 says, the 4DS would have smell-o-vision.
Now that's the future.
I don't want that.
That's not a feature I want.
Could the NX have smell-o-vision?
Don't want that.
That'd be a thing.
I don't know.
Especially when you have Wario in games, we don't need that.
Hearing this, now remember when I tinfoil had it like a couple months ago and I said,
what if the NX is Nintendo's virtual reality thing?
Like their response to, you know, Morpheus, Oculus, and all this.
Actually hearing this makes me believe a little more.
It's very much not.
Because, you know, again, if Nintendo was developing a VR thing, you know, granted they
would have started a long time ago, but are they going to jump out there with it now that
all these different people have VR?
You know, it almost would be the same, I don't know if I want to say mistake, but it would
be a very similar type of, unless they're doing something crazy different with the technology,
I don't know at this point.
Anyway, Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, the 4DS will have save restore points in the hardware
and also Forza-like rewind capabilities in the hardware as well.
That's how it bends time.
You could, you could easily have that Forza rewind thing in Virtual Console.
Easy.
If they wanted to do it.
Then it could bend time.
Anyhow, let's take a trip back to when games were a lot simpler.
Games didn't bend time.
Well, maybe a little bit, but we're going to bend time here on OLR and step into the
gaming vault where Dark Sakura finds a game that she thinks, hey, you kids should be checking
this out.
It is the classic game of the week.
And I got to say this week, Dark Sakura has picked one of my very favorite NES titles.
I'm very excited.
It's a game I sadly have never played.
What?
So what made you pick this?
It picked it because I wanted to play it.
I had the opportunity.
I just never bought it or no one would buy it for me at the time.
But it's one that has always been on my I'd like to play this list and then it just never
happened.
Well, let's get to it.
What is the classic game of the week?
The game is Faxanadu, which is an action style role play game.
It came out on Famicom and Super Nintendo and it was actually licensed from a computer
game company, Falcom, which Falcom has given us a lot of classic RPGs, well, at least JRPGs.
It was developed by Hudson Soft in 87.
It was part of a series called Xanadu, which has nothing to do with the Olivia Newton John
Gene Kelly movie that I love.
Which is kind of unfortunate, actually.
The name itself is a portmanteau of Xanadu and Famicom, hence Faxanadu.
You and I were talking about the pronunciation before the show because I always thought it
was more like the Chinese X where it was Faxanadu.
I always thought it was the way you said this game's name, but I guess not.
The way it was written in Kana in Japanese was, let me look at it, Fiajanadu.
So it was kinda like that.
Fazanadu.
I can see Fazanadu.
But technically, if you're making it from a portmanteau, anglicizing it, it would be
Faxanadu.
Interesting.
Yep.
So anyway, you play an unidentified wanderer who has no name.
Although in the Japanese version you can pick a name for him.
And you go back to the town of elves that's under attack by dwarves.
And the elf king says, hey, here's some money.
Go buy yourself some crap and go fight this shit.
So as you go through, you live like on the world tree until the evil one does crap.
And so you have to go stop things.
Did I get that right, Rob?
It's been forever since I played this.
But yes, in a nutshell.
You have four different overworld areas too.
Yeah, I remember it was kinda like you were going through these big nature areas and then
you'd be like in castles and things.
Well, I was reading something as well just because I was going through some of the design
notes of this.
And the design notes were supposed to use browns and greens for the sake of evoking
nature.
That was the whole point behind it.
It also had some of the sprites.
And one of the things I thought was cool is that when you get armor and equipment, they
show up on your character.
That's pretty cool.
And that didn't really happen in NES games, you know, at the time.
But it uses browns, it uses greens, it uses reds and some blues.
So it's trying to, I guess, evoke that whole natural work.
And then the music...
I really like the music in it and it was designed by...
I've got the name right here, hold on a second.
I believe that it was done by a female composer.
Her name is Jun Chikuma.
So she did all the music for the game.
And some of the art design was meant to evoke Norse mythology, Japanese mythology, and H.R.
Giger.
Which, an interesting mix, but hey.
There are Christian iconography in the Japanese version, but not in the US one.
As far as your password goes, it is a password system, it's not a save game system.
Then you get your mantra, which, you know, is your password from a guru who also can
give you goods and give you rank to your hero when you meet your experience.
So you don't automatically level up, you have to go earn your level up and present yourself.
It's like you're applying for a promotion.
You also have a physical damage bar for your life bar and you have a magical bar.
So this is kind of Castlevania-ish in that respect.
But, you know, so it was an interesting one.
Like I said, it had always been on my list of things to play that I just never did.
It also made it into Captain and the Game Master in season two, even though that show
was awful.
There was the Feud of Faxanadu and Jermorse.
I love the enthusiasm with which you read that.
It was also in Captain and, because if I don't say it, somebody will yell it in chat.
But that show sucked, seriously.
This is the stupid thing.
The elven king was named Melvis and talked like Elvis Presley.
How stupid.
That show was just stupid.
I liked it when I was younger and then I actually, no, I can't even.
So yeah, anyway, you got your NPCs, you got all your stuff.
And it has not, none of the other games in the series have been out on the Nintendo system,
so there you go, Faxanadu.
There it is, your classic game of the week.
I keep wanting to say Fezjanadu, but all right, I'll work on it.
Say Fax.
Fax.
Can I send the Fax, Faxanadu?
I just always seem like the wrong way.
Faxanadu.
Yeah, I'll sing it.
I'll sing it.
That would be a lot better.
That way.
All right, there it is, your classic game of the week.
One of my favorites.
I really love that game and I need to do, I haven't played it in years.
I think it would be fun to go back and do like a Let's Play or something and just hear
like or see how bad.
Let's Curse.
Yeah, Let's Curse.
That's a good.
That's it, Rob.
We need to do playthroughs and call them Let's Curse.
Yeah, because I was going to say, my whole thing was that when I was doing the YouTubes
and I really need to get back into doing it, but I was doing Let's Remember because I would
talk about, you know, the history of the game a little bit when I played it.
But I like that idea, especially if Loki was involved.
Let's Curse.
But you can certainly curse with the best of them, Dar Sahra.
Just we'll play only games that, like, are really, really irritating.
Really infuriating.
Well, I don't want to piss in the Angry Video Game Nerds Cornflakes, but we could totally
do the Let's Rant.
Oh, be it.
It would be our own spin on things.
Come on.
Everybody's got a different personality.
I mean, come on.
We're doing a Let's Play channel.
How many millions of them are out there?
True facts.
You just got to put your own spin on it.
That's what makes it interesting, I think.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange On Radio at VoGnetwork.com,
use the passphrase WISH.
Anyway, also interesting.
You heard this at the top of the show in the announce, and we're really excited to have
this guest on our program tonight.
Instead of doing the usual break where we do music and the podcast listeners don't get
to hear it because it's copyrighted music and the folks listening live get to hear music,
we actually have a break for everybody tonight because we're going to go rewind a few days
to earlier this weekend when our pal DJ Ranma S, who does his own little show called Anime
Jam Session, which I'm sure y'all have heard of here at the VoG Network, he was at the
New Jersey Comic Anime Con this past weekend, and he scored for us an interview with a very
talented voice actress.
You've probably heard her in anime, which is why, of course, I'm sure Rama has these
connections and so forth, but also in video games because she is the voice, and you're
going to hear this a little bit in the interview, of many different Pokemon, as well as the
voice of some of the characters in Super Smash Brothers.
So I know a lot of you guys love Super Smash Brothers out there, so we're really pleased
to welcome to the show tonight, Michelle Knotz, a very talented voice actress.
You can find her on Twitter at M-I-C-H-E-L-E-K-N-O-T-Z.
So I'm going to stop...
You can sing the Mickey Mouse thing to that, kind of.
M-I-C-H-E-L-E-K-N-O-T-Z.
No, but not kind of.
Never mind.
Never mind.
Stop singing, Rob.
Stop trying.
Just stop.
All right.
And the answer is, uh-uh.
I will definitely shut up and send it over to DJ Rama S. We want to thank for getting
this interview with Michelle for us tonight.
So take it away, Rama.
Hey, everybody.
DJ Rama S here from Anime Jam Session, part of the VOG Network.
We're here on behalf of my awesome friends over at Orange Knowledge Radio, Sky, Loki,
and Jamie.
So we're here with voice actress sensation, Michelle Knotz.
Hello.
Hey, Michelle.
How's it going?
How you doing?
Good.
How are you?
I'm fine.
I can't complain.
So how's the con been for you so far?
Great.
It's awesome.
We're sitting here at my table right now.
Chris is taking pictures.
Hey, Kristen.
So I've got some prints here that I'm selling, one's like all of my Pokmon that I voiced.
And then I have all of my characters that I've voiced in like video games and anime
and stuff.
Okay.
Well, speaking of video games and anime, so how did you get into the whole voice acting
industry?
Well, there was this anime convention called the Big Apple Anime Fest.
I remember that.
In 2003, and they had a contest there called Anime Idol.
And I won that.
And I got a role in my first anime as Hajime Yagi in the world of Narue.
So that was kind of how I broke into it.
And I got a vocal coach and made a demo and I'm like, I want to do this for a living because
I had like a stupid desk job that I didn't want.
Trust me.
We've all been there.
Almost.
So what video gaming characters have you done?
I was Elisa Vasconovitch in Street Fighter X II.
I was Liliu Sautome in the Guided Fate Paradox.
Well most of the Pokemon games, I was the Pokemon trainer in Super Smash Brothers Brawl.
And then like Poke Park, you know, Poke Park 2 or Smash Brothers.
I'm like the Pokemon in like all of the Smash Brothers games and everything like Snivy and
Piplup and Gardevoir and Latios and Latias and let's see.
I was in Heroes of Order and Chaos as Queen Retrofit.
I was in Dungeon Hunter 5 as Nasira and the Informant and other people that you run around
and they get killed and things like that and scream and go ahh.
Wow.
So how many Pokemon do you voice?
A lot.
Maybe like 60.
Something like that.
How do you keep them straight and together, you know?
Sometimes I can.
It's so funny.
If there's ever been one on the show for a long time, I'll say, oh no, I don't remember
what that sounds like.
So they have to like play a clip for us, which is really funny.
Here's what it sounds like.
Oh, oh, okay.
Because I'm like, oh no, I don't remember what that sounds like.
Okay, so recently we've been seeing a Kickstarter for a recent fighting game you've been working
on doing voicing for.
Can you tell us a little bit about that?
Oh, right.
I voice Poogie in Combat Core, which looks really, really cool.
It's like a fighting game.
It's a little different than like the right to left like Street Fighter or Tekken, things
like that.
It's like you're fighting like all over the place, which is kind of cool.
It kind of reminds you of Power Stone in a way.
Yes, that's what I was thinking of, yeah, yeah, Power Stone.
It looks really cool and I think they met what they needed to for the Kickstarter, so
which is good.
Yeah, we saw that and that was great.
A bunch of us are looking forward to that.
I'm excited.
I'm really excited.
So how did you get attached to that project?
I got an audition for it.
Okay, cool.
I got an audition for it.
I auditioned for it and I got the role of Poogie, which is great.
She's like this cute little bouncy boxer thing.
She's got like bluish greenish kind of hair, so she's really cool.
I like her.
I forgot about that one.
Thank you for reminding me.
Hey, no problem.
It's what we're here for.
Is there any characters you've voiced where they're kind of very memorable for you?
Well, I always love Jessie in Pokemon.
My favorite character actually to voice was Ogiue Chika in Genshiken.
I love this show.
It's an anime about anime fans and they're all in college and trying to find out who
they are and get jobs and find love and relationships.
Ogiue is more real.
I love her character and there's so many layers to her character because she's an anime fan
but she doesn't want to be known as an otaku because otakus are nerds and geeks and stuff
like that.
She doesn't want to be hated by anybody, but at the same time she likes to draw.
She's kind of a closeted yaoi fan and she likes to draw yaoi.
That kind of sounds like some of the people I've seen at conventions on the regular.
Do what you got to do to make it out there.
They go to Akihabara in the show and stuff, which is great.
It's awesome.
I love that show.
That's pretty awesome.
Before we wrap this up and get out of here, what would you say to people who want to break
into the industry?
Well, they always say the most important word in voice acting is acting, so it's good to
get some acting training out there, either a coach or community theater or your school.
If you're in high school or college, get involved with the theater programs or become a theater
major, like I did.
That's definitely how I would start to get into it, is get your acting chops out there
and look for a really good vocal coach.
That's what I did.
I had a really good vocal coach to help me with voiceover and stuff to hone my skills.
Hey, I can't complain because it's done very well.
I've seen some of your work and I love it.
Yay, thank you so much, Adam.
Hey, no problem, Michelle.
Thank you for your time.
Or DJ Ranma.
Either or.
Ah, Adam or DJ Ranma, I'm sorry.
I gave your name away, I'm sorry.
It's quite alright.
Alright, it's DJ Ranma S from Anime Jam Session on behalf of Vlog Network and Orange Lounge
Radio.
Thanks for listening and take care.
Thank you, bye.
Bye.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio, live tonight on June the 28th of 2015
with the 603rd episode of our show.
Hey, big thanks to Michelle and DJ Ranma S for that interview.
You know, I gotta say, listening to Michelle talk, I am so reminded of our pal, Marissa,
who we've had on the show before and she's more of a budding voice actor.
She's getting out there more and more.
She's doing that.
But it's so funny because even listening to Michelle talk and then you listen to Marissa
talk when she's on this show and they do that thing where they act out some of the things
that they're actually talking about.
Like even Michelle said in that interview, well, you know, there's one word to voice
acting and it's acting, you know, like she kind of did like change her voice as she's
talking.
Like it's just so funny because I hear a lot of that in Marissa and I adore that.
So that was really, really funny to hear those things in common between two voice actresses
that have been on this program.
So big thanks, Ranma.
And I hope maybe, maybe we can get Michelle here live someday, especially like if there's
a new Pokemon or something she's voiced, maybe, maybe, maybe whenever Tekken Cross
Street Fighter finally makes its way out, if that's still a thing.
We can get her back on the show and ask her some more questions and what you guys would
want to know because we are, of course, a live program where every gamer has a voice.
And yeah, so if you, if you happen to be out and about at a con and you want to help out
with some interviews, give me an email.
Don't just run up to somebody and say, I'm with Orange Launch Radio and you got to ask
permission first, but head on over and drop us a line over at ParticipateAtOrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Unless you're Ranma.
If you're Ranma, then you can do it without asking because, you know, he's done it enough
times already.
All right.
Anyhow, we're going to get into some rapid fire news here and travel quickly around the
gaming world and some of the other things that you might've missed tonight.
Loki.
All right.
So there is a game that you may remember from a couple E3s ago.
They were shown off for the Xbox One, Phantom Dust.
Whatever happened to that?
Well, originally it's thought to be canceled, but that's not the case.
It's just not an active development anymore.
So unfortunately, you know, they basically said it was a passion project for Phil Spencer
and a lot of folks on the team.
We're currently exploring what we are going to do in long term with Phantom Dust.
The project is not canceled, but we do not have an active developer right now on it.
It's a project, like many things, that will take a little more time, and at this time
we are not giving any more updates on it.
So it's still going to come out maybe, but it's not canceled yet.
Think of it kind of like in Last Guardian limbo, I guess.
Yeah, that's what I was going to say.
This is this is now Microsoft's version of The Last Guardian, isn't it?
Something like that.
We're going to finally find out about this game.
It'll be a launch title for the Xbox, too.
Just you wait.
Yeah.
The X boner.
Now with more bone.
Bend over and take it.
Bigger, firmer bone.
All right.
So then this is kind of cool.
You know, they were having this voting going on right now for Xbox 360 backwards compatibility
on the Xbox one.
And which title is leading the list as the most wanted title for backwards compatibility?
Red Dead Redemption.
And I think that's a fine choice for that.
So I would love to see that happen.
They have more than fifty eight thousand votes following that Call of Duty Black Ops two
Elder Scrolls Skyrim, Modern Warfare two and Halo Reach are in the top five.
I would be down for any of those, actually.
That sounds pretty awesome.
Maybe not Halo Reach because I didn't really play that, but I still think they really wish
they had done like a remaster of Skyrim.
So disappointing.
Maybe there's still time whenever the next Elder Scrolls game comes out.
And then along with that, though, they're also giving out some free DLC.
That's right.
Rare titles include their DLC for free.
So Cameo includes all the costume DLC.
Viva Pinata includes all the accessory packs for the pinatas and also the map packs for
Perfect Dark Zero are supposed to be interested or included as well.
I wonder if something about the compatibility, like it can't check to see if you own the
deal.
I would think, though, it would be able to just quickly see if you bought it on the store
or not.
So it's interesting they're throwing it in.
But wouldn't that be a great little, I mean, not to put the cart before the horse, but
wouldn't that be a great little added bonus to the backwards compatibility of the Xbox
360?
You know, as if all the games, when you play them on Xbox One, just have all the DLC unlocked.
It would give a great, I mean, because come on, how much of that are they really selling
anymore?
Probably very, very little.
You know?
So I think it would be...
Have a Perfect Dark Zero and Viva Pinata.
Those games, I mean, they're making nothing off of that.
Those games were dead in the water.
They've made as much as they're ever gonna make, right?
So that would be a really cool little enhancement, I think, maybe, way to motivate resales of
some of these games.
I don't know.
I think that's kind of rad.
I hope this is a trend.
I really do.
But wait, though.
We can't possibly promote used game sales.
I mean, it will...
If Cameo gets its DLC available, then who's gonna buy Arkham Knight?
I mean, nobody's gonna buy Arkham Knight because they're all gonna be picking up Cameo.
It is literally gonna eat into the competition.
That's it.
Kaishudo in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com says, can't believe we're in the next gen
and fans are taking votes on five-year-old games.
Gamers need to stop being retro suckers.
Now wait a minute, because we do a retro sucker segment every week on this show, and there's
a soft spot I have for retro games.
And I don't necessarily think that it plays retro games should be the sole motivator for
selling a new console, but I think it's a pretty darn nice extra.
When you have a library built up, especially when we went crazy with Xbox Live Arcade at
the launch of the Xbox 360, it's nice to see some of that come over.
It's kind of like getting to just re-experience it a second time.
And I have to be honest.
I would be so giddy if Lost Odyssey would get voted as one of the games that was compatible.
Here's something to consider, too, as well.
And why this is a good thing to have this compatibility being thrown in.
Speaking to buying all these games on Xbox Live Arcade.
I may be in a position now where I'm like, why the hell did I do that?
Why did I buy so many games on Xbox?
I wasted so much money buying these, because now I can't play these anymore.
But if you're able to play them now, or some of them now, you may be like, hey, you know
what this is?
Maybe I'm a little bit more comfortable in buying games now on Xbox Live Arcade, because
I know that in the future, I will still be able to play these on maybe the next console
they put out and stuff.
And it makes it a little bit more comfortable with that, instead of, oh, none of this is
going to work anymore, sorry.
So I think it may reassure buyers a little bit more to make those purchases, instead
of kind of like, eh, I don't know if I'm going to want to do that.
I kind of like this counterpoint from Matt Deft in our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com
who says, movie watchers need to stop watching old movies.
Some movies will always be classics.
You know, 12 Angry Men, To Kill a Mockingbird, The Grapes of Wrath, The Wizard of Oz, Showgirls.
Some movies will always be classics.
I think...
Some movies are better left forgotten.
I must say, though, I am terribly disappointed that one of those top five games was not with
the Burger King, Sneak King games or anything like that, because that really needs, that
needs to be put out for free.
And goddamn it, Burger King, you need to make some more games.
I'm surprised there wasn't some type of Reddit initiative to try and get Sneak King on the
list.
I would love to have that.
Those games are awesome.
I mean, they're terrible, but they're awesome.
It's such a great idea.
All right.
Anyhow, moving on to some news that I have.
Something called VRcade is actually testing at Dave & Buster's, and it's actually the
one in Milpitas.
So VRcade is a little VR tech thing that is actually available in the arcades.
And yeah, you can actually test this in Milpitas right now.
Some updated graphics, and right now it's running a zombie game.
And when you look in the area, you can kind of see somebody playing the game, and it's
on the monitor, like what they're doing and so forth.
Five dollars per play, it uses a cash system, it's not on the Dave & Buster's card system
right now for some reason.
I don't know.
But you know, it seems like a logical step to see virtual reality make its way again
into the arcade, because I kind of feel like VR's been in the arcade before.
I mean, you could go all the way back to a game like Battlezone, granted the technology
was much different then than it is now.
So it's kind of cool to see.
I remember playing VR versions of, or I remember playing like a Quake Deathmatch using VR and
Duke Nuke, or yeah, it was Duke Nukem 3D they had as well, using this VR headset thing.
It was kind of fun.
And that was at Santa Cruz at the boardwalk.
All right, well, some more information coming out with Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 5, because
it's just been too long since you've had a Tony Hawk game.
Hey, you can order from the evil G right now in North America, and you can actually get
this totally rad 80s pack that comes with a 80s character skin, an 80s birdhouse board,
and an anti-gravity board.
Because after all, it's the future and we should have a floating skateboard just like
they had back in the future.
Well, he did test a floating skateboard hoverboard thing on video once.
I remember that, because everybody was saying it's the future, it's his future.
But otherwise, this is just a bunch of costume trash to get you to pre-order.
Let's just call it what it is.
It's costume trash.
But some people like that, so enjoy.
Anyhow, news on Final Fantasy VII Remake.
Pay attention.
This one's really funny, because Tetsuya Nomura kind of was surprised with the fact that he
was directing this game.
No, it's not quite as dramatic as he saw his name on the E3 trailer and he was surprised.
But here's what happened.
In an interview that happened, was it Nomura that did this?
Yeah, Nomura was doing this interview saying, quite a while ago, tried to start up the project
to remake Final Fantasy VII, but at the time, it didn't come to fruition.
Then Square executives Shinji Hashimoto approached Nomura about rebooting the franchise or remaking
the game like all the fans have wanted.
And quote, as pre-production went along and I offered my opinions on what I thought should
be done, Mr. Kitase would ask me how the individual elements should be adjusted in fine detail.
It was very perplexing.
Then one day, as I was checking the internal company presentation video, it said, Director
Tetsuya Nomura at the end.
So I called up Mr. Kitase and said, it says that I'm the director for some reason.
To which he replied, of course it does.
So he just kind of got put on this project, but I'm sure many, many, many people are going
to be happy with that.
And we're happy to see his name attached to the Final Fantasy VII remake in that teaser
trailer that we all saw at E3.
Dark Sakura, what do you have for Rapid Fire News tonight?
Well, they're saying that Shenmue 3 will already be a sequel true to its name, even if it doesn't
raise all the money.
They're basically, well I mean, it did of course raise all the money plus some, but
the whole thing is that it's going to pretty much be what everyone wants it to be.
So they say.
So I'm going to be kind of hopeful.
I didn't give it any money, but I think Dan did.
Also Scott Moffat has replied.
He's the Nintendo of America VP of sales and marketing about Metroid Prime Federation
Force.
And so his comment, and I will quote some of it, we love our fans, they're the most
passionate vocal group of fans I've ever seen, and we listen carefully to their opinions.
Skip, skip, skip.
A lot goes into the decision of which games to produce and which games do not produce.
I don't pretend to know how all these decisions are made, but we certainly appreciate our
fans' enthusiasm for the Metroid franchise.
It's a franchise I love as well, and I hope they will find other games in the 14 we've
announced at E3 that they can play in the meantime while we wait for the game we'd like
to come out in the Metroid franchise.
That's kind of like a too bad we're making it anyway.
I feel like there's a little bit of shade in that comment.
Like if you don't like this, why don't you play one of the other 14 games we talked about?
Like I feel there's a little bit of a point in what he said.
So Rob, sorry they're not making F-Zero, but you can play one of the 14 games that they're
making in the meantime.
I'll play Super Mario Maker and still be pissed that there's no F-Zero.
I can do both, I'm a gamer.
Also Tekken 7 is in location testing, and so is the localization of DDR 2014.
It is not 2015, as some people have assumed it is.
It is the localization of the 2014 version.
That's it.
Alright.
So DDR.
DDR.
Whoop-de-freaking-do.
I wish, that's another series I wish I was so excited about.
I mean I still am, but it's just like they kind of...
It's one of those things where like I don't follow it obviously clearly as much as I used
to, but then like okay, when I was at that Rock-age thing in San Jose like a few months
ago, right, they had one of those DDR machines, I couldn't even tell you what version it was.
I'm assuming it's the 2014 because it was the one that had like the newer pad on it
and everything.
I couldn't help but stop and go, huh, and kind of be mesmerized by it for a little bit
and like, oh I wonder what songs are in it, and kind of watch other people play.
But then see, I kind of was like, I don't want to get up there and play because like
all these folks around are younger than I, I was totally falling in that trap, I shouldn't
let myself fall into it.
I think some of the newer mixes have too many songs in them, like I kind of like how Max
went back and just kind of wiped it clean and then just had like unlocks later on.
But like I understand, but I say that in one sense, and then I have StepMania with like
a billion songs in it, but like I cater what I want in the game though versus you know
just kind of including everything, which I did include everything anyways, but I don't
know.
I have a completely unrelated fact.
Sure, go for it.
Did you know that Oreos are a knockoff of Hydrox cookies?
I always thought it was the other way around.
Nope, Hydrox has been out since 1908.
You're right, that has nothing to do with DDR.
Yeah, but I thought it was-
We can always count on you for the random Nastangent.
But I thought it, well we do food.
I just thought it would be an interesting factoid.
And now that we're on the internet, it's true.
It was interesting.
Thank you for that useful information.
Let's get to the FOOGLE Question of the Week.
Speaking of useful, we love to hear from our listeners every week through various social
media.
You take Google Plus, you take Facebook, you smoosh those words together, you get FOOGLE.
And for the FOOGLE Question of the Week this week, which we asked on our fan sites at Facebook.com
slash OrangeLoungeRadio and Google.com slash Plus OrangeLoungeRadio, we asked about the
Arkham Knight PC release.
By now we're sure that many of you have heard about the issues that Arkham Knight's release
on PC has had, causing the publisher to pull the game for sale from Steam.
Our question to you this week is, can the game recover on the PC market due to this
issue?
Sure, it's doing fine on consoles, but do you think the game is able to achieve success
on PC, or is it too tainted now?
And then we also opened it up to add a little something extra on the issue, if you want.
We'll start on Google Plus tonight, where Akdeft said, I think this is not the first
time something like this has happened.
Granted, this is a triple A title and people are still going to be mad after they fix and
re-release the game, but if the game is good enough, I think the PC gamers will forgive
them.
Well you're right Akdeft, it's not the first time this happened, in fact it happened just
a few months ago with another triple A title, Assassin's Creed.
So unfortunately this is a little too fresh in everybody's mind, but that Assassin's Creed
thing affected consoles too.
Retertainment gives us the short answer of no, but I'll entertain the long answer as
well.
Legitimate customers had a negative experience with a product that they were highly anticipating,
a product they could obtain through other means both legal and illegal.
Those customers will definitely hesitate in buying this product through the means that
they had attempted to utilize, and hesitate in utilizing these same means to buy similar
products in the future through this retail method.
Also this will negatively impact consumers' other products in this series, as well as
other products put out by this publisher and development company.
Interesting way of looking at it, and I think we have a comment over on Facebook that we'll
get to in a moment here that's very similar.
Speaking of Facebook, let's get to some of the answers over there.
Where Haseo Sumuwagawa says, I think if they can fix the issue, and I'm not entirely sure
what that is, but if they can and maybe attach an online pass for free to the customers that
were screwed from the get-go, I think they can fix the projected sales.
That's an interesting solution, like free stuff, and maybe not just costume trash, but
like things that might actually be useful enhance the game a little bit, you know, maybe
some free stages, or you know, who knows.
Hey, you know that exclusive DLC that you would get for pre-ordering the game?
Well actually, they already already have that, because they-
That first group all should already have that.
Yeah, it's like, wait a second, uh, never mind.
Maybe that's, and in a way, I have a feeling just based on what I've seen in the past,
that might be what ends up happening, is the first DLC pack, whatever it is, they'll give
it away on PC, whereas they won't do it on consoles.
So maybe that will be the apology.
Who knows?
Who knows?
We'll see.
Fahrenheit on Facebook says, I think it will definitely hurt in sales because of the issues.
When they release the Ultimate Edition, which Warner Brothers does for nearly every game
these days, or when the game has been fixed and placed back on Steam with some sale, it
will gain popularity again and make some good money.
I really think they need to put all their chips in on a second release of the game.
Another very interesting way of looking at it is that, you know what, when this thing
goes to the bargain basement price on Steam, everybody's gonna buy it anyway.
Because they're gonna be like, ooh, $20 Batman.
I think that's absolutely- Or $20 Batman collection as, you know.
Tiger Claw says, I'm sure it can.
This has happened before with other games, but not like this.
Previous games had botched launches in which the online servers were causing problems for
people to connect to play their games.
Arkham Knight on the PC is an interesting case, and it shows that PC ports shouldn't
be released at the same time as the console ports.
Look at GTA V. The PC port came a few months after the console version, and its PC launch
has been stable without any issues.
Perhaps if the developers learned to delay the launch of the PC version and fix any issues,
they wouldn't be in this situation right now.
Could this be why Grand Theft Auto came out so much later than the console versions?
Maybe.
They just probably wanted to make sure that was correct, yeah.
Maybe.
But I do think that's an interesting call out that most of the time when we talk about
PC issues, like SimCity, like Diablo 3, that was all network-based.
People couldn't log on to play the game that they bought.
This is different.
Our friend, Sil.
I love Sil.
Sil is from the land of not London, originally from the land of the Dutch, and she co-hosts
a show on VOG.
The land of the neithers?
The land of the neithers.
The land of the neithers and legal marijuana and prostitution.
But anyway, our pal Sil, who is a co-host on the Geek Card Podcast here on the VOG
network.
Check it out, yo.
Sil says, I'm just surprised by the amount of games that have so many issues at launch.
Are developers just not bothering with testing their games anymore?
It's one of the reasons why I don't purchase games at launch anymore.
Too many issues, and often the games are too over-hyped, leaving many players disappointed
in the end.
Also, if I wait a year, I can get game of the year editions with all the DLC for a lot
less money.
What can I say?
I'm cheap, lol.
You and me both, because that is exactly my perspective on the other Warner Brothers game
this year.
The big one, Mortal Kombat X.
Tech 2030 said, Arkham Knight will be fine in the long run, but there will definitely
be a negative effect on sales when it's released again.
Rocksteady is already working on fixes, but I think it's too late for it to be a mega
PC seller that it should have been.
If this had been a PC exclusive or an indie game, it probably would have been dead on
arrival.
Andy R. said, I'm sure if they re-release it, all the PC fans will play it, pirated.
You know, and that kind of echoes what we saw in the Google Plus comment too, that's
a very interesting perspective that had not yet been brought up by anyone.
And that is the effect that piracy has on PC releases.
And sometimes, you know, and I think this is really what played into Grand Theft Auto
5, they hesitated in releasing it on PC because they knew it was going to get pirated to high
heaven on PC, whereas it's a lot harder to pirate on the newer platforms.
Not saying impossible, but a lot harder to pirate on the newer platforms.
Because people use the PC version to hack the other versions because they can get to
the files that way.
That used to be when the PC version of 4 came out, that's when you started to get all the
crazy hacks for Xbox 360 and stuff.
I think that's why they wanted to make sure all that shit was patched out first.
You know, it's going to be really fascinating to see, because I bet when they do release
the fixed version, it's going to be hugely pirated.
And because a lot of the people who pirate it are going to use the excuse, I just wanted
to see if it would work, or I wanted to see if they would fix the issues.
I mean...
Well that's why you can do the Steam Marine Funds, I just don't understand why you would
pirate it.
But Loki, why should I give my credit card number?
I'm a poor college student.
I need to test it my way.
You're a college student, you should be studying then.
William Murderface in our Facebook page says, I think they earned some respect for pulling
it like they did, and if they're being true to their word about the PC version fixes being
their first priority, I think it will do fine when it's fixed.
As far as sales projections go, I don't think they will hit their original goals, but they
might be able to capitalize on the goodwill they've earned in the future to make up the
difference.
Some very varied answers there in chat and our Facebook page and Google Plus, so thank
you guys very much for participating.
Really appreciate it.
Alright, we have some more news stories for you guys, and then of course, a little later
on in the show, the Skypline at 1877 Game OLR, also, we'll get to the mailbag.
Participate at orangelaungerator.com in just a little bit.
But first, Loki.
So this is kind of strange, but apparently, they're making a rampage movie, as in like
the 1980s arcade game with giant monsters.
When was the last time they made a rampage game?
I feel like there was a Wii version or something.
There was a...
Like a rampage reloaded or like a DLC, the download style or something.
There was something.
Yeah, it was not too long ago, and it wasn't very good if I remember correctly.
It's been a while because of Midway, but I guess I could see that as a movie.
That makes sense.
I mean, it has a story that is basically monsters destroying cities, and it could be funny.
Please God, don't have like Adam Sandler produce it, but other than that, here's the best part
about it though.
The Rock is going to star in it, so sure.
I'll go with that.
I'd like to see The Rock destroying things.
Is he going to play the gorilla or the wolf, you think?
Or will he be the one that has to stop all the monsters?
I don't know.
I feel like this is going to be one of those very loosely based on, you know, because it
was an 80s arcade game.
There wasn't that much plot.
You can just expect...
The plot was destroying buildings and eating people, so...
It's what?
George the gorilla, Lizzie the lizard, and what was it, Ralph the wolf or something?
The werewolf, yeah.
The werewolf, which is funny.
His name doesn't start with a W. You think it'd be Walter the werewolf or something.
But, uh, okay.
That'll probably be all they have in common, otherwise it's just going to be a silly monster
movie.
But whatever.
And unfortunately, the Uncharted movie is still in limbo.
They lost their director, Seth Gordon, so it's going to be delayed a little bit longer.
But it's still, right now, it's still slated for June 2016, but most likely it'll be pushback.
By the way, the chatters come into the rescue on, what was that Rampage game?
Tigerclaw saying, Rampage Total Destruction was the last one, and it came out in 2006,
linking us to the wiki article.
And Dark Tetsuya says, well, as I recall, the world tour game did kind of have a plot,
but outside of that.
And then Alan Alchemy says, the moral of Rampage is don't punch neon signs, and it's better
to jump off a building than fall off.
You know, there better be a scene in the movie where, you know, George the gorilla or Lizzie
the lizard punches the window and there's somebody in the bath behind the window.
Yes.
And hope it, I want a hard R rating for this movie.
I want, I want, seriously, gore, violence, nudity.
I want it all.
This is really the only way you can tribute, you know, midway this way.
And then, you know, when we're done with this, let's get a nice gauntlet movie as well.
Also hard R with violence and nudity, yes, I want that.
In fact, every video game movie should be a hard R.
San Francisco rush, hard R, violence and nudity, yes, I'm down.
Rush the rock.
Dude, seriously, they should just like, that's what they should do.
Once we get to like fast 10 or something like that, we'll just call it like fast 10
the rock and then it'll just be, you know, San Francisco or fast 10 San Francisco rush
or something.
When the monsters in rampage, quote unquote, die, they don't really die, but they, they
get zapped and they turn from their monster form back to human.
Don't they turn into a human naked and they like are in this little pose where they're
covering their, you know, what's in there, you know, ha ha's and who who's and they're,
they start to like just strafe off the stage.
Like all embarrassed.
Like, wasn't that a thing?
That was a thing.
And you can eat them.
So that's how you could get your hard R rating.
SSG 100 Matt in chat over at live.bognetwork.com says cruising USA hard R rating.
California speed hard R. Yes.
Dark Tetsuya is suggesting a listless classic arcade game movies we want to see get a hard
R. What do you think Dark Sakura, should that be a future listless?
I could get behind it.
Is there a video game that you'd want to see where the hard R rating is a movie?
Where's Mario?
Mario is missing.
Mario is missing.
Oh, that could get, that could go dark.
He's at the brothel.
No, it's more like the murder, you know, Mario is missing an arm and a leg.
All right.
And it goes like, it goes to kind of like, you know, the whole origami killer route.
You know, Luigi is the killer.
Alan alchemy in chat says Mappy, the R rated director's cut the New Zealand story, the
version not sold in stores.
All right.
Okay.
We're getting a little silly now.
Speaking of silly.
Well, this moves right into speaking.
Let's talk about a video game with a hard R rating.
Let's talk about Diablo three and, and Alan, if Alan's listening can probably get a kick
out of this.
Cause he was playing Diablo for quite some time, but I think finally burned out on it.
I think finally the content for Diablo three just kind of ran out.
Well, the good news is there's a new patch on the way to the public test realm.
It's 2.3 O's public test patch, and it's going up on the test realms and what's new in this
patch.
Finally, the ruins of Cesharon is opening up.
They were demoing this at Blizzcon last year, so it's finally going into the game.
They're also getting Kani's cube, which is a kind of a similar version to the Horadaric
cube that was in Diablo two.
So Kani's cube is coming into the game.
There's also going to be a major crafting system update where all the crafting mats
will now be the same from zero to 70 and there will be less recipes that results will dynamically
adjust to your character's level.
That will be a welcome thing, that's for sure.
And also notable new difficulty levels, torments seven through 10 being added to the game.
That's right.
You can now play torment 10 because so many people now just breeze through torment six
when you consider that the difficulty of the greater rifts can get up to a very, very
high level.
It's probably equivalent to what a torment nine or 10 would be.
Then this doesn't surprise me to hear that these extra difficulty levels are coming.
So very cool.
This would be a reason for me to go back and check out Diablo three.
Hopefully they wait a little bit because I'd like to finish Heaven's Word first, just to
say.
All right.
Dark soccer, what do you have for us?
Well, there is a group put out by Jennifer Ann.
It's called Will Jennifer Ann's Group, I should say.
It has announced the eighth annual Life Love Game Design Challenge.
Basically it's to encourage game developers to make a game that promotes education and
awareness on teen dating violence and prevention.
Jennifer Ann's group was actually founded by Drew Crescente and said that they need
to make the games more interactive.
So they're really reaching out to try to challenge the community.
So I'm really looking forward to seeing what they do.
I think it's a good cause.
I think that it's absolutely necessary.
And the judges are among a number of PhDs in sex health research, psychology, digital
media, just all across the board, but all things that pertain to it.
It's kind of neat.
We talk about a lot of different kinds of games here on OLR, but don't oftentimes enough
get to talk on some of these games that might carry a little more impact at the end of the
day and you might learn something from.
So very cool.
All right.
Let's move on.
Loki.
So, as I mentioned, as part of my gaming week, Drive Club, the PlayStation Plus Edition has
finally been released.
So go play it.
It's out now.
You can go download it.
It's still a 14 gigabyte download because it's the full game and you can actually purchase
the unlock if you want.
It's I believe 13 tracks in India and then they also have some of the other features.
You can also get, you know, trophies and stuff with that.
So go check it out.
It's free if you have PlayStation Plus, finally, which I'm sure I'm sure if you're playing
online, then you have PlayStation Plus.
Well, you have to have PlayStation Plus.
You kind of have to.
Yes, it is a requirement.
It is a really good deal, though.
I mean, despite maybe some of that, despite me not liking it, you can still try it out
because it is free.
So if you like it, then maybe you'll end up purchasing it and plus it is on sale.
If you do end up purchasing it, honestly, I just wait a little bit longer and just get
it used.
Plus they give away so much crap on PlayStation Plus and I might say crap in a good way, like
all these different games.
Yeah.
A lot of like games launch on PlayStation Plus and so, you know, you're actually going to
save money.
It's a good deal.
Speaking of a good deal on Nintendo, I'm sure very happy at this news.
Nintendo this week celebrated a huge milestone for Splatoon.
You know, Splatoon in a way was a big risk for Nintendo because it was a brand new IP
for them.
It was not, you know, Mario's paint war.
It was not, you know, Animal Crossing goes to battle or anything.
They did not inject one of their existing IPs into this.
They came up, you know, they let the team do their own thing and it's worked very well.
The whole am I a squid or a kid type of thing has led to all these MEMS online and drawings
and all this stuff.
So really hilarious stuff.
So anyway, people are really enjoying Splatoon, in fact, so much that the game has sold over
one million copies since being released.
That makes it one of the most successful Wii U titles to date.
President Reggie Fils-Aime of Nintendo, Nintendo of America president said in a statement,
this milestone puts us in a nice position as we prepare to launch 11 more exclusive
Wii U and Nintendo 3DS games before the end of the year, plus amiibo, digital offerings
and games from our third-party partners.
So there you go, Splatoon selling one million copies, congrats.
And that means, you know, that makes the game a success and I think justifies trying something
a little new there and people really eating that up.
They did a good job.
Some of our chatters joining in on the praise for Splatoon saying Act F says I play Splatoon
almost on a daily basis, got to level up my rank.
Dark Tetsuya says same here, I finally made it back to C plus and had a pretty good streak
going.
Is anyone going to admit to being a rank F?
Is that even possible?
I don't even know if that's possible.
I haven't played a rank mode in Splatoon.
I'm too nervous to do ranked mode, but is anyone straight up rank F?
You want to admit it?
You probably can't go that low.
Dark Tetsuya says, I think the lowest is C minus O, lowest is C minus.
Maybe in a future patch, they'll unlock F for people like myself and Bobby Black.
Rank F for fail.
All right.
Rank F for too friendly.
All right.
Let's, speaking of friendly, every week we like to open up the mailbag and hear from
our friends.
Participate at orangeloungeradio.com is the place where you can send your email and Dark
Sakura will dive into the mailbag head first and read the various emails received.
However, Dark Sakura.
There's none.
What?
There's nothing?
Nope.
There's nothing in the mailbag?
Nope.
I can't believe it.
Nope.
Well, maybe somebody will email us for next week.
If you want to elaborate on one of the topics you've heard tonight.
Nope.
Or something completely different.
Nope.
Participate.
Or you want to ask Dark Sakura a very personal question.
Nope.
Participate at orangeloungeradio.com.
Yep.
Well, your lack of response has led to our anger.
So now it's time to bring you the F-us of the week.
F-you to things.
A very specific and targeted F-you.
Uh, Loki.
I just have you being tired.
I don't know.
I can't get enough sleep.
My body just doesn't want to sleep and then I want to sleep when I wake up and also F-you
to my son for not shutting up ever.
He just keeps talking all the goddamn time.
Maybe he got the radio genes from daddy.
But he likes playing games though.
I got him to play Trials Fusion.
It's a little fun.
Except it's really hard and he doesn't understand how to play it.
My F-you of the week goes to waiting and waiting and waiting and knitting and knitting.
And knitting.
Anyway.
Uh, there it is, the F-us of the week.
Every week here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Why?
Because it's tradition.
I know it has nothing to do with games but it sure gets a lot off our chest.
And maybe you want to vent something right now.
Why don't you go ahead and vent something?
We'll listen.
Okay, time's up.
Alright, let's move on.
We've got a few more stories for you guys and then we're going to get to the Skype line
at 1877 Game OLR or username on Skype, orangeloungeradio.
Loki?
So the Steam settlement sale's over and I hope everyone's wallets were not too violated.
But who turned out to be the best seller?
Let's find out.
Well, top 10 sellers, Counter-Strike Global Offensive, of course, Total War Attila and
Total War Shogun 2, Ark Survival Evolved, which I think launched us around the time
of that sale because I know it wasn't really on sale but people were still buying it up
like crazy.
Castle Crashers, I know I picked that up because it was like a buck.
Left 4 Dead 2, Medieval 2, Total War, How to Survive, Total War Rome 2, Emperor Edition,
and The Witcher 2, which I think The Witcher 2 was also around the buck.
That I didn't pick up though.
Maybe I should have.
And then, of course, the titles of the most revenue, Total War Attila, Ark Survival Evolved,
Counter-Strike Global Offensive, The Witcher 3, which did really well even though it was
only on sale a little bit, Total War Rome 2, Total War Shogun 2, Borderlands the Pre-Sequel,
Cities Skylines, Elite Dangerous, and Dark Souls 2.
So all are the first in.
I'm kind of surprised at some of that, the way those rank.
I mean, I guess global, the interest may be very a little more, but I'm really surprised
like Dark Souls and Borderlands Pre-Sequel kind of weren't way higher.
Ark Survival Evolved looked interesting, you know, watched a little bit of a video of it,
but I don't think it'll run on my laptop, so I just don't bother.
Even with Grand Theft Auto 5, I would have totally picked up Grand Theft Auto 5.
Not now, because it's not on sale, and I don't give a shit about those shark cards, but when
it drops down in price and I have a PC that can run it, hell yeah, I'll pick it up.
Alright, well, speaking of picking up old things, our last story tonight here before
we get to the Skyline.
The Evil G, I usually would not be giving them free advertising here on the show, but
you know I love my retro stuff, despite, I know not everybody's into retro, but I love
my retro stuff.
I know a lot of you out there do too, and the Evil G is now selling retro classics.
We talked about this a few months ago, that they were going to get into that business,
and it is very interesting that Evil G has now opened up a program that will sell and
take in these retro consoles, including things like the Nintendo Entertainment System and
the Dreamcast.
Oh, and I'm sure they'll give you fair prices for all that too.
Well, apparently, if you go and look at some of the games for sale that you can buy, some
of the people are saying that they are seeing some better deals than Amazon for some games,
so it might not all be as bad as you think.
I just think a lot of people need to go just to the, you need to do it the way we used
to do it.
Go to flea markets, go to like- Used to, I still do.
I think some of the flea markets are getting really perceptive though, and they kinda rip
you off.
I think some of the best deals are at garage sales.
Go to garage sales and find people selling, you know, their kid who went off to college's
old video game collection.
You find a lot of good stuff there.
So.
Yeah.
So there you go.
You can check that out online.
Some stores, they say select stores are taking the trades physically, but you'll have to
browse their website for more information if that's interesting to you.
We'll see.
I'm trying to think of what cartridges I might want to track down.
Like locally, we've got like, was it Dimple?
They're like a record store chain.
Oh yeah, they sell a lot of classic stuff.
They have like a lot of old shit, and you can get like 2,600 games there and stuff,
and I think their prices are probably a little more fair because they don't know what the
fuck that shit's worth, so.
Fair game's still a thing, right?
Fair game is a thing.
The one near my house closed, so.
They're pretty expensive.
Okay.
I think they're still open near Fair Oaks or whatever.
So you have some indie places, and I'm sure whatever town you live in has comparable places
as well.
In fact, Brad from PodCulture is saying, we've got a couple good used local shops in the
area, and I know Flaco Jones always talks about that place, and Atomas is supposed to
be really good too, so I don't remember.
Game Trader.
I don't remember they deal in retro stuff so much, but I know he was, oh, Jamie's nodding.
I have yet to be there, unfortunately.
All right, well that's it for news tonight.
Let's open up the Skype line, 1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
If you'd like to give us a call and participate with tonight's program, now is the time.
Otherwise, I'll ask Loki if there's any last minute stories.
Oh yeah, I'm totally looking up last minute stories.
I know, he's working so hard at looking up last minute stories as he advances to level
46 with his 15.5 million gold in Clicker Heroes, mid-show here.
I'm not playing anything, but I did finally finish reading all of Claymore.
I was like, I've heard a lot of typing over there, so how many chapters did you write
during tonight's show?
I actually haven't done any.
I've been chatting with folks in chat.
Oh, okay.
Well, that's fair.
See, if you participate with the live show, you can talk to Dark Sakura, maybe, if she
will honor your request for an audience.
But you can humbly request an audience.
You may approach the queen.
So, here's my thing.
I just thought-
Just don't get her to say, off with your head.
So Mario Maker, are they going to have the original Mario levels in there?
I mean, essentially, that's going to be created in Mario Maker.
So why don't they just include those, like Super Mario Brothers, Mario Brothers, or New
Super Mario Brothers, and, you know, 3 and-
They might.
I would think that World 1-1, especially, is included.
Well, yeah, that'll be, like, immediately, but I just think, you know, if they don't
include it, it's just going to be out there anyways.
I mean, they're just going to recreate all of the different Mario games.
Well, you know, one thing I didn't actually mention earlier in the show-
If I can get a system cheap enough, I totally would buy it, but I don't know.
You might be in luck.
This holiday might- That price cut might finally happen.
We'll see.
My wife's telling me, like, asking me, you know, what she- Because, you know, I said,
well, just pick me out something for my birthday, and then she's like, well, I don't know.
Just tell me what you want me to get you.
So I haven't decided if I'm supposed to tell her, like, an Xbox One or, you know, like,
you know, something else.
Well, I will mention, speaking of Loki's birthday, and I forgot to mention this earlier in the
show, but Super Mario Maker is scheduled to release on September 11th this year.
On my birthday, yes.
Yeah, on Loki's birthday.
But you know, that date also carries a lot of weight here in this country with a lot
of things that have happened in our history on that day.
And so some have questioned, like, why is Nintendo putting out a game on September 11th?
Because it's a Friday.
Yep, because it's a Friday, and it is, and that's actually the official thing, it is
the closest Friday to September 13th, and that is when, in 1985, Super Mario Brothers
launched.
So that is why Nintendo, and they said Nintendo's respectful of this date, but here's the thing.
So I mean, come on, you can, how many years ago was that?
I mean, seriously, it's just...
It makes sense.
It makes sense.
I agree with their logic.
Anyway, we are getting a call.
So let's get to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, what's up, Retro Launch Radio?
This is Kaijuto.
Hi, Kaijuto.
What's up?
Not much.
What is the appeal of retro games?
Why are gamers so drawn to it?
I can't really understand that.
Me, I've always been looking for games to push forward, you know, get innovative, make
new stuff.
I mean, I don't mind them having the retro, but it just seems like the market is just
flooded with retro.
Porque no los dos.
That's my...
Why can't we have both?
And here's my thing...
No, but I'm just saying, there's an imbalance.
It seems like people are more...
They get more excited over the retro stuff over the news, and just that the news sucks
so much.
Is there a reason why, or is it just something else?
I can see.
Well, let me...
I'm going to answer this, but let me see.
I can see why, and it definitely seems like the industry has a bit of a boner when it
comes to retro style, especially right now.
Like, you see a lot of games that are released in that retro style, so I get why it's starting
to feel a little bit saturated, but I will also point out, I think a lot of indie people
go for that retro style, because it's easier to do, and the graphics alone don't necessarily
make a game.
You remember last week on the show, we had YYR on the show, and I was telling him that
his multiplayer, and I'm sorry, I forget the, or sorry, not multiplayer, but multitasking.
His game multitasking, I was telling him it was fucking brilliant, and it was not a game
that had HQ high quality graphics, but it was that kind of spin on the game that was
really making it special.
But anyway, I'm digressing a little bit from your question.
Yeah, because I'm definitely talking more of the actual old games, not so much like
a new game just looking old, because it's still technically a new game.
For me, two things.
One, I can re-experience games that I maybe experienced as a child, and in some ways,
I might either be more skilled at the game, and I can get further in the game than I could
when I was like, you know, six years old, ten years old, however old I was when I played
the game, or, and in sadly a lot of scenarios I'm finding, especially when it comes to things
like Kid Icarus, which I used to be able to beat in a sitting, you know, and I memorized
the way through, I can't get as far as I used to be able to do.
But it's also this, I think a bit, Kaijuto, I can play the games that I was denied in
my youth, and that's, believe it or not, like an awful lot of it, like, you know, my family
was always like, you know, we can get a Nintendo, or we can get a Sega, we're not gonna get
both.
You know, you get one or the other, you can't have both, you know?
And so the retro gaming in some of these collections, it's a way for me to kind of experience, oh,
you know what, I kind of missed out on Sonic.
I didn't totally miss out on it, because, you know, my best friend in high school had
a Genesis, so I was able to get my fill of the Sonic games over there, but it was a way
for me to kind of, you know, oh now I can experience this myself, and play this game
that I was denied.
And I think in a way, it's having something I couldn't have when I was younger, and it
carries a lot of mental weight than you'd think.
But what would you say about the people that, they play the game, they own the game, but
for whatever reason they get excited when their Xbox goes backwards compatibility, to
play that same game that they already have on the system, like, you get what I'm saying?
I mean, I know that some people love to trade stuff in, you know, like they'll trade their
360 in to get money for the Xbox One, I can get that, but if you already have a 360, why
are you getting excited over Xbox One doing backwards compatibility when you should be
more excited?
I have a system, so I come to my TV, and I'm like having it all in one place.
Because it's nice to know that your games aren't like Milk, which has an expiration
date.
And sadly, it feels like more and more games in this day and age have an expiration date.
Especially when we report on EA taking down servers for certain games, you know, I just,
not that it's happening all over the place, but it's nice to hear that maybe not all games
have an expiration date.
And I think that's a part of it.
But for me, and I think this is very important as to what the Xbox is doing, with specifically
the Xbox One and the 360, that hasn't been done anywhere else yet.
And something I would like to see Nintendo do more with Virtual Console, and that is
that not only is the Xbox One doing the emulation of the 360 games, but it's injecting some
of the features of the Xbox One, such as social media, picture sharing, and so forth, into
the games.
Which does not sound like a lot, but it is still, it's like an enhanced value that we
didn't even have when we played these games on the 360.
And now to hear this other thing that Loki was saying about, now they're just giving
away the DLC since, who's gonna fucking buy a costume for Cameo now?
Nobody.
So they're just giving it away, and now it's, oh, it's another reason to go revisit my old
collection.
So things like that, I think Microsoft is doing especially well, even more so than I
think some of the predecessors in backwards compatibility have done so far.
All right, well, I'm gonna hang up, but I have one other quick question I hope you guys
can answer real quickly, because my concern with all the backwards compatibility, maybe
Loki will be able to answer this, is does it hurt the current-gen console when they
go backwards compatibility, because that's always been a concern of mine, like why go
backwards if you're gonna end up with a system that's lesser than what it could possibly
be if it just went full-on new games?
And I'll take my call off the air, my answer, or whatever.
I did express my concerns with Cameo being out there now again, how that might affect
Arkham Knight, and it is gonna seriously cut into their sales.
Oh, stop it.
No, it's not.
No, it's not.
It's about enhancing the library that you already, again, not having an expiration date
on those previous games, I think.
I don't think opening the door to the older games is necessarily, oh, he hung up.
I don't think, gosh, Kaijuto, you could've stayed on, I don't think necessarily closing
the door to those old games, or, excuse me, opening the door to playing those old games
is not gonna close the door to new games.
You can already play them now.
Yeah.
Just on the Xbox 360.
Exactly, and you know what?
There's a lot of people that have both consoles hooked up, and it's not stifling the new games.
I hope that's what you were looking for in the answer, because I feel like we might have
taken that question down a different path than what was intended, but speak up and chat,
and I'll go back to it after this next call, because we have another call coming in, and
I want to get to this next call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hi.
My name is Azirame.
Hey, Azirame.
I've heard you call in a couple times before.
Welcome back to the show.
How are you?
Good.
I've been great.
Hey, don't forget to turn down or mute your radio, because I can hear it.
It's very faint, but I can hear myself coming through there, so what's on your mind, buddy?
All right.
No problem.
Yeah.
I just know the E3 just came by, and I don't know if ... I didn't hear some of the games
that you possibly, I guess, were interested in this looking into playing, but there were
a few games that I was interested in.
Have you heard of the devastating ... I'm sorry.
It was called ... What was it called again?
Yeah.
It was called Devastated Dreams.
This is not ringing a bell for me.
Tell us a little bit about Devastated Dreams.
Well, yeah.
I was watching a video about it, and there was basically like a 2D side scrolling, like
survival horror game, made by an indie group, I guess.
It's about maybe some sort of story where there's a Filipino horror folklore where the
woman has to walk through some sort of jungle area, and nightmarish demons come out and
try to grab her, and she has to try to journey through this place to get to where she's going.
It looks kind of freaky, and I remember you guys were bringing up horror games such as
the Five Nights at Freddy's, which I just also played through a few of them.
I was just wondering if any of you guys have heard about it, what would you guys take on
it?
I hadn't, but these are the types of games I like to hear about out of E3, is that sometimes
games that may have not been on our radar, maybe they should have been.
A classic example of this years and years ago was Scribblenauts, right?
Nobody knew about that game, and then it's in the corner, and everybody had to play it.
And then that series kind of got beaten with a dead horse, but that's beside the point.
That first year was really good for that game, so I like to hear about these kind of games
that are under the radar.
I wonder if that was one of the games that was at the IndieCade booth.
Was that an IndieCade game, possibly?
It feels like it was, because when I was looking at the GameStop video, they were bringing
up a couple of unexpected games, and the actual developer, he kind of made a game that's called
Neverending Nightmares, and I guess it was kind of like the Predecessor.
Oh, hell yes, oh my god, I played that game last E3, it's that guy, I have his business
card somewhere.
Yeah, oh, that game was great.
Yeah, but you should definitely check out the video, because I was looking at it, I'm
like, wow, I'm kind of rooting for the Indie games, especially because Five Nights at Freddy's
has been really good, and this game looks like it's going to be really interesting.
It has jumpscares, just to let you guys know.
Oh, so it sounds like he's kind of taken it a step further, some of the things he learned
in his previous games.
And I got to say, the IndieCade, that was one of my very favorite things I saw at last
E3.
What's so great about that booth is that so many of the game makers are actually there
at the booth with their games, and you can actually talk to them, and it's so much easier
to just walk up and talk about the actual game than, oh, I've got to make an appointment,
and maybe my site has enough hits where they'll want to talk to me.
Anyway, that guy was Matt, and the company is Infinitap, so I found my card.
Infinitap, right, I'm sorry, I forgot the name.
No, no worries, I happen to have the card here nearby.
So yeah, because I played Neverending Nightmares last year at E3, so that's awesome.
Well, and the last thing was, did you guys actually finish all three Five Nights at Freddy's?
Or no?
Hell no, those games are too scary for me.
Dark Soccer, I don't know if you've played them yourself and finished them, but you,
oh, have you?
Well, I haven't finished them, but I wasn't very good at it, but I've seen full playthroughs
of all of them now.
And you're familiar enough with the lore and all that stuff, right?
And guys, let me just tell you, once I think I heard Dark Soccer talk about it, I Googled
it and I went in full blast, I was playing it, I got through all three of them.
The tip is to basically scare yourself to where you're not scared anymore, because the
game is a big puzzle of red light, green light, one, two, three, and you're constantly, once
you know the patterns of the guy, you never get caught.
And when you do get caught, you know it's going to come, so you're not scared, you know?
But he's coming out with a fourth one, that's why.
This Octo is like the last game.
Oh yeah, until another paycheck's needed.
No, but I don't, and all joking aside, you know what's funny about that is you broke
it down so perfectly is that essentially this game is just red light, green light.
But it's the most stressful game of red light, green light you'll ever play.
And a lot of that is the atmosphere that's been created around the game and all this,
and the fucking lore behind it, because, you know, especially in two and three, not only
is it red light, green light, but then you get all these like retro side things that
get into these really dark stories and, you know, like it's just-
They don't follow rules of 8-bit platforming in three.
No.
Yeah.
But the thing about it is like, I don't know, the social media exploded with it and there's
a lot of YouTubers that dug up some, like, I guess some, I don't know, rumors about like
there was actually like a, like a Chuck E. Cheese that actually had like a murder.
Oh yeah.
No.
My buddy Shane, who used to be on Hoard House, he made me sit down and watch those, what
is that guy?
Game Theory?
Game Theory.
Yes.
He made me-
Yes.
He made me-
No, right?
Yeah.
He made me watch the Game Theory for the first two games and how it all fucking ties it.
No, that is some scary shit.
Like I don't usually endorse a lot of YouTube folks, but I will say that guy did a kickass
job with those videos.
Indeed.
Indeed.
That was some interesting shit.
I was totally like excited about it.
I kept playing it because it's, I don't know if it's true or not.
I mean like the developer, Scott Cawthon has not endorsed anything, you know, so I don't
know what's going on, but there is a fourth one coming and the guy's putting up on his
site, he has different pictures and it looks like if you're familiar with the purple guy,
there's like images of the purple guy on his like a website that's kind of like showing
like it's going to be more about the purple guy.
Does the guy who make these games do interviews?
Yeah.
I would, I really need to talk to him on the show.
He's not really talking too much on Twitter and I don't know, because of the awesomeness
about the internet, the game was designed by an application called Click Team Engine
and like there's a website for it and there's a forum and he's basically on the forums for
like months before it even gets released on like how he was going about promoting the
game and stuff and that was like the last bit like I've seen.
So after the game took off, I didn't see too much like blogs or you know any threads with
him actually using because he leaves his handle on his website so you can follow him like
on Twitter.
God, and you know people have followed that footprint up and down the internet.
Did you want to jump into your dark soccer with something?
I already forgot what I was going to say.
That's all right.
Well anyway my friend, we're going to let you go.
I would love, if that guy just by some weird fucking coincidence is out there listening,
I'd love to get in his head a little bit and get him on the show because I really want
to know about like how much of this stuff is intentionally crafted and how much are
people and maybe it's not something the guy would want to talk about but I'll try how
much of it is just the internet kind of hysteria that's building around this.
So anyway, I'm going to let you go my friend so we can try to squeeze in one more call
but thanks for your call.
I appreciate it.
Thank you.
Bye.
All right, if you want to get in with another call, 1-877-GAMELR or username on Skype, Orange
Lounge Radio.
Look at that.
Phones lighting right back up.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, this is Act Deft.
Hey, Act Deft.
How you doing tonight, buddy?
Yeah, I'm doing pretty fine.
Pretty fine.
What's up?
I wanted to follow up Kajuda's call.
Yeah.
A little bit.
Basically, he asked why gamers or why people love retro games.
They're fun.
That's basically the answer to all of his complaints or what he said.
They're fun.
Simply just put it, fun.
Well, you're the one that made the movie analogy and all that earlier, right?
Yeah.
A good movie stands the test of time a little bit, right?
You know, you can go...
Like Xanadu.
You can go back and watch a movie like Xanadu or Showgirls, no, or all seriousness, maybe
a movie like...
Barbarella.
Sure.
A lot of people don't consider that a very good movie either.
But whatever it is that you like, you can go back, clue the movie in 85, right?
You can go back and still get just as much enjoyment out of that game, or excuse me,
out of that movie now than you did maybe the first day you ever watched it.
And maybe for games, that's a lot of it too, is like, oh, you know, I think firing up,
playing through World 1-1 on Super Mario Brothers, I get just as much of a thrill out of it as
I did the first day I played it.
I don't know.
Yeah, and basically, you can play an old game, a retro game, and if you like it a lot, you'll
still play it.
You know it's gonna be fun, you know it's gonna be entertaining, you know you'll have
a great time.
And Kyudo says in chat, new stuff can be fun too, and I agree with that.
A lot of new stuff is also really great, but with new stuff, and we're gonna talk about
Arkham Knight, yeah, the game can be fun, but if it's not playable, or if it's in Street
Unity that the game may be great, I don't know, but if it has a lot of bugs, it's not
playable also, we cannot pretty much say that it's an enjoyable experience when I can go
to my Wii U Virtual Console and I can start up something like Super Mario 64 that also
has a lot of bugs, but I know I can play it, I know I'm going to be entertained, I know
I can have a great time, because it's something I already know.
I know it's quality, I know it's gonna be good.
I really think, and I believe, we can just have both.
You can have old games and new games, and it's just like movies, or Netflix, Netflix
is a perfect example, some nights I'm gonna watch an old movie, I'm gonna watch Showgirls
on Netflix because it's available, and I'm bringing up that movie way too much tonight,
and I'll be the first to admit it, or I'm gonna watch Orange is the New Black Season
3, something a little bit new, but maybe, and to give Kyudo a little more credit here,
I think maybe the perception is Microsoft spending resources, it's one of these resource
allocation things, right?
Microsoft spent resources, and I don't wanna put words in his mouth, but this is the perception
of maybe where it's felt, is that you're putting resources and backwards compatibility that
could be going towards making new features.
So why are we spending time to make old shit that's still old playable when you can move
those resources and do new things with the Xbox One?
Well, like you said, we can have both, and nowadays, with emulation and all that, it's,
well, and it's gonna be probably something Bobby's gonna hate me for this, but it doesn't
seem like something that difficult to do.
Maybe it is, I don't know, but...
Here's...
Yeah.
No, sorry, here's something to consider, I just, I have to interject this while the thought
is fresh in my mind.
Here's something to consider.
When Microsoft and the Xbox One came out and said they were gonna do all these new things,
the internet ate them alive.
Remember, there was a totally different design plan for the Xbox One and the whole digital
trading and all this stuff.
There was a whole different plan for the Xbox One, the internet chewed them up and spit
them out.
And I'm not saying that was right or wrong, you know, but maybe that encouraged Microsoft
to go back to some of the old tried and true methods, because the new, whether you personally
agree with it or not, the new on the internet and in the marketplace when sales came down
to it was not so well received.
Just food for thought, food for thought on maybe how we got to this point, I don't know.
Not to mention, we're getting remake after remake after remake.
So it's not, isn't it more simple and even, and even putting in the best perspective to
get backwards compatibility working and work on new stuff rather than making an old game
playable on a new console?
The remasters are an interesting thing because I look at the remasters as, when they are
truly improved on the original version, I think they're a really cool thing.
Like the Final Fantasy X remaster, I think it's really well done.
And especially on the PlayStation 4, when you have that enhanced refresh rate and resolution,
you know, it really makes that old game look like a new coat of paint.
It's kind of like when they take that movie and they release it on Blu-ray for the first
time.
It's like you see all these things in it you maybe never saw before, you know, the 30th
anniversary collection of whatever film.
It's kind of a similar thing to me.
I don't think they should do it for every game, but I'm not going to lie.
I'm a little disappointed they didn't do a Mass Effect remaster.
But that's, as you all know what a Mass Effect 4 I am.
Loki's kind of disappointed they didn't do a Skyrim remaster.
You know, there's always going to be that thing.
Yeah, yeah.
And I'm not against remakes because we can also talk about the Wing Waker remake.
That's pretty good.
True.
I didn't like Wing Waker in the GameCube, but the Wii U version is really, really great.
But yeah, we can talk about many different things about the retro gaming and remakes
and all that stuff.
But in the end, if a game is enjoyable, whether it's old or whether it's new, we're still
going to play, we're still going to reminisce on them either now or five years later on.
So it's all about if it's fun or not, if it's entertaining or not, then that's pretty much
the point of all of it.
I'm reminded of a story from earlier this year, and I know I told this on OLR.
And it was a PAX East story from a couple months ago.
And Bobby and I were joking on the show that the game of the show was the Guardian Legend
because, yeah, it's a retro game.
And we saw some cool new stuff at PAX East.
We didn't see a lot of it because there was two hour lines to see most of it.
But we found the nice little old free play room and found a little corner with an unused
Nintendo.
And I said, what?
Bobby's never played this game before?
We have these inside jokes about this game, and he's missed it, and he's never played
it before?
You know what?
It's time to sit him down and play this game.
And I don't even know if he ended up really truly liking the game or not, but it kind
of didn't matter because it was like we were young teens or 12-year-olds, again, experiencing
a game for the first time that, at least for me, was such an experience.
The soundtrack takes me back, and walking around that open world takes me back.
You know what I mean?
Just for that five minutes, it was like, man, this is what I really love about games.
Experiencing that all over again.
Anyway.
That's all I got.
Any other last minute thoughts here, Actif?
Yes, something extra.
I always feel the same when I play Kirby Super Star because that's the game that really,
really got me into listening to video game music.
Before that, I didn't care about it, but after that, it's like, wow.
And every time I play it, it's the same experience, like, oh my god.
But yeah.
I bet there's a game out there that made you fall in love with gaming.
And even for Kaiju, I'm only picking on him because he's this side of the argument for
right now, but I bet there's a lot of people out there who feel similarly to him.
So for anybody out there who's listening, what is that game that made you fall in love
with gaming?
And do you get that when you get to experience that game again?
And maybe for some people, that's something like DDR.
For a lot of people I know, it's an MMO.
It's Vanilla World of Warcraft, and there's people that long for the old World of Warcraft
to come back, even though it had a lot of problems, and World of Warcraft's gone through
all these shifts and changes and things like that, but there's some people that got introduced
to gaming because of World of Warcraft, and they just talk about how they wish the old
because they want to be able to experience it again, even if just for five minutes.
Anyway.
They can always email us at participate at all our other radio.com.
That's right, that's right, where every gamer has a voice, retro, new, in between, wherever
you are.
All right, ActDeaf, I'm going to let you go, buddy, so we can wrap up the show, but thanks
so much for your call.
Hey, thanks for having me.
Yep, bye bye.
All right, that's going to do it for the Skype line tonight.
Thank you so much to all our callers tonight.
If you didn't get through tonight and you wanted to on the Skype line, please consider
emailing the show, participate at orangelaungeradio.com because we would always appreciate your feedback
that way.
I want to check in one more time with Loki to see if there's any last minute stories
that he's been looking at as he's fiercely been playing Clicker Heroes.
What level did you get to?
A lot.
Level a lot?
All right, that's going to do it for another episode of Orange Launch Radio.
Thank you guys so much for downloading our show or listening to, excuse me, listening
to us live or however you decided to consume the show tonight.
Thank you so much for participating and being a part of it.
Really appreciate your support.
Thanks.
If you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Launch Radio, consider telling a friend or
two or 15 about the show and help spread the word.
We need more voices here.
We need more people that may have unpopular opinions.
We like to hear the other sides and think differently.
And as I was talking about this in a Twitter conversation this week, I feel like if we
can kind of get you even for just five seconds to kind of put yourself in the shoes of another
gamer and kind of feel some of the things that, you know, see it from another perspective,
I think we're doing a great job here at OLR.
That's how I feel.
So help spread the word.
And a five-star review on a site like Stitcher Radio or iTunes or wherever you found this
show, that goes a long way as well.
Hey, I also want to thank Michelle Knots for being on our show tonight and DJ Rama S and
the crew at Anime Jam Session for making that happen.
Of course, you can hear Anime Jam Session, 6.30 Pacific, 9.30 Eastern, Tuesday nights
here at the Voice of Geeks Network.
And shout out to those guys for getting Michelle on our program.
Really appreciate it.
It's time to go around and get everybody's final thoughts tonight.
Loki, we'll start with you.
Your final thought tonight?
I got to work more on my game.
Hopefully we'll get some stuff done, work and actually film it.
We're getting close.
My final thought tonight is I wonder if I'll get level 60 in the next week.
That I will.
Dar-Sakura, your final thought?
No.
All right.
That's going to do it.
Thank you so much for listening to another week here at Orange Lounge Radio.
We will see you in seven days.
Good night, everybody.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into fognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
See you next week.
