Orange Lounge Radio
With your hosts, DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki!
Although tomorrow is officially day zero, the E3 keynotes begin tonight with Bethesda's
announcements, some of which may have already been revealed during a live streamed rehearsal.
Join us for the keynote reaction, expectations, and all the week's news starting right now
on the show, where every gamer has a voice!
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
This is Orange Lounge Radio with a special mini E3 2015 episode for this June the 14th
of 2015.
My name is Rob Roberts and joining me in studio as she always does, say hello to DarkSakura
or Jamie Summers.
Except when I don't.
Except when you don't, like last week.
But I hear a lot of good things are going on at work for you.
Good things and it's been such a combination of bad and good at the same time, that I'm
sort of like, what?
Well I hope you were feeling a lot of the love listeners were sending you last week,
they missed you.
Thank you everybody, I appreciate it.
Also joining us in studio tonight, say hello to Tech Master Loki!
Hi.
Hi, and who actually had two milkshakes for dinner tonight, correct?
Well, technically I had, you know, a garlic fries and a, was it a cheese, you know, sandwich.
Okay, so you had a little bit before you brought the milkshakes to you.
But then I had two milkshakes because, you know, I wanted a large milkshake from In-N-Out
but they didn't have a large milkshake, they only have one size, so.
I was like, I'll just get two.
Which is a mistake because those milkshakes are extremely heavy.
But I was determined, I paid money for them to finish both.
I did, but it's just like, oh, that's a lot of food.
Alright, well, tonight is a little bit different edition of Orange Launch Radio.
Those of you on the podcast feed are probably going to realize, gosh, this week's OLR seems
really short, especially for a big week as such as E3.
Well here's what's going on guys, we're having to do a little bit of production on the fly
tonight because we got bumped back a little bit by the Nintendo World Championships, which
just wrapped up not even like two minutes ago, it's now 6.25 or so on the west coast,
9.25 on the east coast.
And this is not a pre-E3 show, we're in it, we're sitting in it.
Announcements are starting to come out, we're going to talk about some of those in just
a moment.
Bethesda's press conference starts at seven, so we got a lot to get through tonight.
But you know, not only did our show get bumped back a little bit by all the Nintendo World
Championship stuff going on, but our good pal Bobby Blackwolf, he does a show every
Sunday right before us on the network at five o'clock Pacific, eight o'clock Eastern, and
that Nintendo World Championships tonight just ate up his show entirely, and I felt
really bad for him.
A lot of us really enjoy hearing from Bobby, and he's always good enough to have us on
his show every single week, so I thought, you know what, let's bring him on to OLR tonight.
Bobby, how you doing?
Are you a squid, or are you a kid?
I'm having an identity crisis, I think I might be both.
Have you been playing any Splatoon at all, Bobby?
You want to know what?
I had not really seen it or played it until tonight.
I see what all the fuss is about.
I may be go getting it.
It's a lot of fun.
You know, for a first person shooter, the whole different mechanic where it's what's
covered in paint that really makes the difference, just has this whole little different spin
on it.
It's actually a third person shooter.
Yeah, it's not about the kills, you know what I mean, yeah, it really is a third person
shooter.
Anyway, I'm having a lot of fun with it.
Some of the Amiibo on disc DLC, some of that kind of bugs me, and some of the online, so
it's flawed, but it's still really strong, especially for an original IP title.
Yeah, but no, the Nintendo World Championships, I watched the whole thing.
I was in it in 1990.
I was a semi-finalist in Atlanta, so I kind of have a personal connection to it, and so
I watched the whole thing.
Wow, the logistics and what they pulled off in three and a half hours, the pacing was
amazing.
It did not feel like a three and a half hour show.
Evo could learn a thing or two.
Are you irritated that you got bumped tonight, Bobby?
No, you know, it's fine.
What I'm going to probably most likely do is I may do my show for this week where I
talk about the press conferences.
I may do Tuesday night at 8 p.m. Eastern, 5 p.m. Pacific, leading into anime jam sessions,
so you know when I would usually have you guys on?
I'm going to have anime jam session on.
Nice.
So I'm still going to have a show, it's just going to be Tuesday after all the press conferences.
It's all mixed up here at the Voice of the Geeks Network this week.
It's crazy.
So what do you think about the news, since we're talking a little bit about E3 and stuff,
about Microsoft bumping a lot of their big titles to Gamescom because they have that
great of a lineup that's like, you know, hey, I want to learn more about Crackdown, sorry,
got to wait until Gamescom.
They're going to do what they're going to do.
Ask me after they show what they're going to show Monday morning.
I don't know, I just think it's pretty awesome if they have that great of a lineup.
Yeah.
I hope that's the case.
I was going to ask you about this, Bobby, too, since, you know, this wasn't technically
an E3 press conference, but you know, anybody that knows your show on the network, you know,
you are a really big connoisseur of VR and Oculus and all that.
And Oculus had a lot to say this week, which did tie into the 360 a little bit, because
the, excuse me, the Xbox One, because the Xbox One controller is going to be the official,
I guess, controller of the Oculus Rift, leading some to wonder, could Microsoft be unveiling
an even deeper partnership tomorrow?
What are your thoughts on all that, Bobby?
Well, and for one thing, that actually wasn't, it was the first E3 press conference.
E3 called it the first E3 press conference.
Oh, my bad.
So that actually was.
They are partnering, Oculus is partnering with Windows 10.
They're just using the Xbox One controller, because right now, the de facto controller
for the Oculus Rift games on PC is the Xbox 360 wired controller.
That's what everybody uses.
So they're going to bundle in the Xbox One controller.
They are doing, a lot of people think that the Oculus Rift is going to go on the Xbox
One.
It's not.
The Xbox One can't handle it.
Neither can the PS4.
That's why there's a breakout box with the Morpheus that has an extra GPU and CPU.
But they're doing the game streaming to Windows 10, so what they're doing with the Xbox One
is you can game stream your Xbox One games in 2D into a 3D theater.
And that's the partnership between Xbox and Oculus.
But it's more Windows 10 and Oculus, which is why the Oculus Rift, when it comes out,
is only going to run on Windows, and I didn't say Windows 10.
It may still run on Windows 7 and 8 and stuff.
But not on Mac OS X, not on Linux, not at launch.
Not at launch.
Very interesting too, because you talk about a lot of things where we can see applications
that aren't just gaming, and people sometimes forget, there's more to this Oculus thing
than gaming.
In fact, I would argue to be really successful, the Oculus is going to need to be more than
gaming.
And we've talked about some of the demos here previously on the show that you've showed
me like the Cirque du Soleil and the Paul McCartney concert and so forth.
So I mean, do you think that the non-gaming stuff we're going to see maybe twice as much
of that as we even do gaming over the coming weeks?
Maybe, because I know Oculus is doing a big thing with the Oculus Studio in the 360 movies
and the experiences like that.
So I think we're going to be seeing the games right now.
And they showed a lot of AAA games, everybody's like, where's my AAA games?
Well, they showed them to you, and then they're going to be investing $10 million into indies,
which is great.
So it's going to be really neat to see what comes out of it and where it goes from here.
Let's talk a little bit about E3 predictions and what we think is going to happen in the
coming days here, because this is always a fun game to do, especially because next
week we'll look back and see how wrong we were.
Loki and I did this a little bit last week, but Jamie, I'll ask you in a moment if you
want to chime in with anything you might have wanted to give in about what you want to see
at E3.
But Bobby, I know you've talked a little bit on your show, but what do you hope to see
coming in the coming days out of E3?
I know this is a little weird for you, because this is what, only the second year in many
years that you aren't there in person, but we've talked about why and so forth.
So looking forward.
You know what?
What I always say, even when I'm there, what's the thing I'm looking forward to see most
is the thing I don't know about yet.
I want to know the one thing that nobody knows about that just surprises everybody, surprises
me and all that stuff.
That's what I look forward to seeing.
But I'd love to, I can't wait to hear what Oculus Touch, how that integrates, and how
it actually works.
The thing that was the big problem with input is tracking hands is hard.
Tracking fingers is easy, though.
So that's what they solved with the Oculus Touch is they track your hands with the things
you're holding, but they can track your fingers inside of that.
And then that gives you all the full range of everything.
And that's not coming out until holiday.
So the Oculus Rift will come out, and then the Oculus Touch comes later, which is going
to be kind of scary, because it's going to be a peripheral that you're going to have
to get later, and who knows how many people are going to support it.
Go to our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com, because again, we do tape live every Sunday
night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern-ish, you know, when we're not being pushed around
by E3 things going on, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show, unless, you know, his show
also gets bumped, and he just comes on our show and makes it work.
But we do get live comments from our chatroom, including Megaman400, that's my buddy Delvin
from Video Game Realness in our chat, saying, E3, get hyped.
There's a lot of hype going around for E3, and I think what Nintendo did today with the
Nintendo World Championships was probably a great way to, you know, get that hype going.
I see a lot of...
I didn't get to see the whole thing, admittedly.
I have so much going on that I was kind of busy during the day, but certainly I was feeling
a lot of the energy at the end there, and I see a lot of people on Twitter going like,
you know, Nintendo, maybe you shouldn't, like, put this to bed for 20 years.
You should think about doing this type of thing annually.
I don't know.
Loki, sometimes you're a vocal critic of Nintendo, but you seemed really into what was going
on.
What are your thoughts?
Well, I liked the World Championship.
I thought that was done well, and same with, like, even the Smash Brothers tournament.
Their live presentations were good.
So they have that going for them, and even, like, the kind of go...
Yeah, pretty much the whole live presentation part of Nintendo, like the E3 live from the
Treehouse thing last year was great.
I thought, and I know I've commented today, I wish more developers would do that, because
that was, I think, a lot more effective at showing their titles, because they had so
much to unveil.
They didn't even fit it in all the three directs that they had last year, and I don't know
how many directs they're having this year, because they already had one today.
So I think it's a good thing, and I think that they...
It's definitely a good way to show off, you know, Mario Maker, that's for sure.
Yeah, I think a lot of people were definitely turning their heads when they saw what was
in a lot of those levels, like, okay, there's gonna be much...
You're like, okay, you can, you know, do some stuff in Mario Maker.
I've seen ROM hacks before, okay, cool, I know what to expect, but it's like kind of
a lot more exciting, like, oh, hey, you can actually do this.
That's really ridiculous, you know, that type of stuff.
Yeah, absolutely.
Bobby, what do you think?
Is this something they should do every year?
Yeah, I mean, this was actually really good.
What you didn't get to see was they announced a new game, Blast Ball, for the 3DS, which
is soccer with mechs, three versus three, and they showed that for the first time, and
everybody was playing it for the first time.
But I just really liked the tone that they set really early on, and this was kind of
a...they did something that was a little controversial with some people.
DJ Wheat is, you know, alleged in the esports commentating, well, he's got a family, and
his son is DJ Mini Wheat.
He's nine.
He loves Splatoon.
They opened with Splatoon and actually brought DJ Mini Wheat out to commentate with his father.
Oh, fun.
And the other people.
And he was actually dropping more knowledge and more strat than most esports commentators
out there.
And a lot of people were like, get the kid.
The kid is annoying, blah, blah, blah.
But that really set the tone that, you know, this is family-friendly and, you know, we're
for everybody.
Oh, and kids are so important, and kids are the market for Splatoon right now.
You know what I mean?
Well, I shouldn't say that, because a lot of adults, obviously, like, I'm enjoying it
and so forth.
But I mean, like, there's lots of kids that are super into Splatoon, like, just seeing
on Twitter, especially a lot of gamer mommies and gamer daddies playing Splatoon with their
kids.
Well, here's my thing.
If you throw kids into Splatoon, like, kids are hooked into Call of Duty right now.
But it's a little bit more, you know, it's not so violent.
It's actually age-appropriate for them.
You know, if you can get them hooked into, like, you know, online, competitive online
gameplay like Call of Duty, then you're not going to have a problem.
And they made sure that you got Splat not killed.
Yes.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And it's interesting, because also you notice there's little nuances with Splatoon that
it doesn't tell you who splatted you.
It just tells you what weapon you got splatted with.
But you don't even know necessarily who landed the quote-unquote, I guess, Splat Shot.
Who got the Splat Shot on you instead of Kill Shot, Splat Shot, because it doesn't tell
you who.
So it's kind of interesting.
Little nuances like that.
I want to make sure Dark Soccer is able to get in a word here, because you watched a
little bit of the NWC with us here in studio and with Dan, right?
What was your thoughts on that whole thing?
Super Metroid.
You enjoyed that part of it?
I heard I missed it, yeah?
It's funny though.
We're like, oh, we're Baby Metroid.
And then you hear the people, oh, this is the sad part.
It's all the feels.
Did they save the animals at the end?
In the little side passage, you can save the animals?
Oh, no.
It was basically, how quickly can you get out?
Dicks.
Fuck the animals.
We're out of here.
We've got to win.
Blinded by the trophy.
I see how it is.
I see how it is.
Well, pretty much they were pretty good players, although I think that the very last level
had to have been some stage fright or something.
Yeah, I feel bad for that guy who really got caught up on the wall jumps, but I get caught
up on wall jumps too.
The wall jump boss is the worst.
He's still a very talented guy, I forget as far as he is.
He's just going to end up in an asylum someday, kind of like, what is it?
You're morbid.
Like Ace Ventura, Pet Detective, wall jumps, wall jumps, laces out, laces out.
Oh, God.
All right.
What are you hoping to see out of E3 in these coming days?
Stuff.
Just stuff?
I want my faith in the industry to be redeemed.
Ah, so you don't want any giant fuck ups where somebody says something.
Don't fuck it up.
Don't.
Good luck and don't fuck it up.
I've never even watched that show.
You really should.
Haven't you?
Did you interview one of the contestants for one of your other sites?
I did, Tatiana.
Yeah, that's funny.
I remember back when I was having that site, I was working on the site with Tiara.
Yeah, good times.
Good times.
Anyway, surely, surely you've got to be on the edge of your seat like me for EA's conference
tomorrow and Mass Effect.
Like I'm going to be effing pissed if they don't show anything for Mass Effect.
You'll pay for the whole seat, but you'll only need the edge.
So get a refund.
I want a goddamn trailer tomorrow and I want a name.
Give me the name.
We'll see.
And I want to know if, I'm hoping we might get to see some of the voice actors and actresses.
I want more Dragon Age DLC.
See if Jennifer Hale's in it.
I'm sure you'll get that.
I want them to announce Wolf Hunt DLC and that won't make me happy.
All right, let's go into recapping a little bit of the news from today with what little
time we have left.
And Bobby, I'll check in with you too so you can get your word in edgewise on any of this
news this week you want to get in on.
Let's start off the top here with some of the Nintendo stuff that's gone on today.
Loki, another big announcement at the NWC this evening, right?
Yes.
And then on top of that, I'm so surprised to see that someone actually beat me to a
tumbler that's timed to penis.
Really?
Is there actually a tumbler?
Seriously.
And here's the quote, eventually all user-generated content will tend towards the crude drawings
of fallacies.
I'm sure it's one of our listeners.
Probably.
Jamie, is that one of your tumblers?
Time to penis?
I have to check.
Anyway.
That's pretty awesome.
Anyways, so lots of news from Nintendo today actually, including Mother 1 being released
on Wii U Virtual Console as Earthbound Beginnings.
And they actually took the, they actually localized it.
Which makes me wonder, is Earth, is Mother 3 that far behind?
Well, keep in mind, they may not have had to do as much work as you think, because they
had localized that game before.
There was that English ROM that was floating around on the internet several years ago.
I'm still floating around out there today.
So they had already fully translated that into English.
They just made a business decision not to ultimately put that game out on the NES.
And then there were weird things with that ROM that made it unbeatable until people hacked
it.
So they didn't just do this translation yesterday.
They might have gone in and, I mean, somebody will have to do a side-by-side comparison
with the old prototype versus what ultimately goes on a Virtual Console.
I'm sure there was some tweaking that had to be done, but I don't think this was a months
and months project.
I think this is something where Nintendo is getting a little more tuned in to what fans
around the world want.
And this is one of those things where you kind of look at it and go, you know, they
really should have just released this five or six years ago.
And also was the Nintendo Direct about Smash, which kind of confirmed all the leaked DLC
tales that were out there before, including DLC characters, including Roy from Fire Emblem.
They also have Ryu from Street Fighter 2, and then they were also adding, who else was
it?
Lucas.
Lucas, yes.
But I thought they already talked about Lucas.
They had talked about Lucas previously, so that wasn't necessarily new information.
It was just the fact that, you know, it's, well, they'd even said it was going to come
out today.
So it was more like Lucas and friends.
Maybe the Earthbound thing is tied into Lucas's release.
Like, I know Lucas isn't from the original, but he's from one that isn't even out here.
But maybe that was part of why they did that today was like, it's Lucas and we're going
to do like an Earthbound, you know, adjacent type of release, which is, you know, because
they like to use Smash Brothers to promote all the virtual console stuff, clearly.
So what do you guys think about Ryu in Smash Brothers?
Dark Sakura, you loved Street Fighter, right?
Yeah, it was very pretty because the intro was like the Super Street Fighter II Turbo
opening.
Actually, no, not the Turbo opening, just the regular Super Street Fighter II.
And that one, the moment I was like, oh, happy.
I'm excited about it.
And then his level is level in the game.
Yeah.
And his music's in there.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Which I must say that that was probably my first video game crush was Ryu.
The funny thing, though, about that is that they don't have a Street Fighter game that
they've released on the Wii U.
Street Fighter IV is not coming in the Wii U, or V.
Here's the thing.
It's almost like, and I've seen them do this with other characters, it's like Mega Man.
Most people have the sentimental tie to it from Super Nintendo Street Fighter II, right?
And they do still have that on virtual console.
So you could argue that you can play Ryu on the Wii U, it's just, hey, I made a little
crime.
Ryu, Wii U.
And then to go along with that, of course, they have a new, well, they announced more
Amiibos.
So you're gonna have the Mii Amiibos as well.
Rob, the robot, is gonna be an Amiibo.
They even talked about, of course, Lucas.
And they even said Mewtwo was gonna be an Amiibo as well.
With that, though, the Mii fighters are getting more costumes as well, including stuff from
Virtua Fighter, Tekken, and Street Fighter II in there as well, Mega Man EXE, I saw that,
and then Mega Man X, because I know you could do Zero for the Sword Fighter.
Right.
Bobby, what are your thoughts on some of the news today?
I don't know if you're a big Smash Brothers player, but would Ryu maybe change your mind?
Maybe.
I mean, it was neat to see, and they're bringing Virtua Fighter costumes and stuff.
So I'll definitely hop in and maybe check it out, maybe buy the Ryu one.
Earthbound Beginnings, I'm gonna be running up once we're done tonight and gonna go play
that, because I did play the Earthbound Zero ROM a lot.
And I love Earthbound, it's much better than Super Metroid.
Yeah, no, it's kinda neat how they're taking the DLC thing and they really are extending
their games.
Mario Kart 8, they're doing it with Smash Brothers.
They are making amiibo for every Smash Brothers fighter, including three, four of the Miis.
So you got your Brawler Mi and the other two types of Miis.
Oh, that was Game & Watch was gonna be another amiibo.
And what's kinda weird about that one is they actually have different Game & Watch characters
you can snap in there.
That's kinda cool.
I like that if they're gonna whore this amiibo thing to death, which I'm worried they're
getting right, they're starting to teeter on that edge.
Speaking of which, I was gonna mention, along with that, they're also teasing 8-Bit Mario,
Animal Crossing, amiibo, and then other- See, and I'm worried that 8-Bit Mario unlocks
things in Mario Maker that are already on the disc, you know what I mean?
Like I'm just like, okay, I am starting, this is starting to get to that point.
8-Bit Mario, 8-Bit Mario, he unlocks the fuckin' Tenderworld Championship levels that you play.
What I'm hoping is that trophy, that the dude won, is an amiibo.
It might, it might be, we'll see.
A lot of folks in chat talking about the leak themselves, the fact that Ryu and Roy were
leaked to the internet a couple days ago, well actually just about yesterday, I think.
No, Ryu and Roy were leaked a while ago, that's- Oh, that's right, the files were leaked, but
then the actual footage was yesterday, but that's because there was a patch in Japan
or something that hackers gonna hack.
They got in there and pulled all the data.
So I see some folks in our chat room talking about, you know, I wish this stuff hadn't
leaked because it would have been such more of a OMG mic drop and then the ceiling opens
up and more mics drops type of moment for Nintendo, but unfortunately they lost that
and we're seeing a lot of that, we're seeing a lot of leaks this year at E3.
Can you drop mics in Mario Maker?
That might be, maybe that's what the trophy unlocks, or the amiibo unlocks.
We'll see.
We'll see.
What do you think about all these leaks, Loki?
Are hackers gonna leak?
I don't know.
Don't trust your valuable secrets to people that are gonna break your NDAs.
Or don't fucking send shit out in a pre-patch before you announce it.
You know what else RuPaul says, besides the quote we had earlier?
RuPaul also says this, maybe for this one, DarkSakura, trust no bitch.
Maybe that's what-
And Nintendo should know that because I remember a couple years ago when they announced
the Wii U and actually announced the name of Wii U, they designed their booth with LCD
screens all around it so they didn't have to send the name or the logo of the Wii U
to printers.
Oh my gosh.
And all the actual hard copy signs said, New Nintendo Console.
And then they announced the name and then they had all the LCD screens in the booth
have the logo and all that stuff and all the branding.
Probably because no one would have believed how stupid the name was.
Alright, well we've got a whopping 10 minutes until Bethesda's gonna take the stage with
whatever they're announcing tonight, which we figure is probably around Fallout 4.
We know there's-
Doom.
A leak.
Yippee.
Speaking of leaks, we know Dishonored 2 is gonna be hitting there as well.
I thought that was rumored for a long time.
Yeah, it has.
So we're gonna find out.
But since we only have about 10 minutes, I wanna try and at least get a few of these
other big stories from the week out of what we can and what little time we have here.
And I wanna make sure Jamie gets at least two, three minutes to do the classic game
of the week as well.
Throw that out there.
So, Loki, why don't you give us one of the big stories that came up this week.
We'll talk about it quick.
So this one doesn't make any- well, I guess it makes sense, but YouTube.
They're gonna be doing YouTube gaming now.
It's own Twitch streaming service.
They also have a gaming app and yeah, it's a whole website dedicated to gaming.
I'm really excited for this because I've been saying for a long time Twitch needs a viable
competitor and I know you guys are like, hitbox, but the problem with these other sites is
that none of them have an app.
They're all like, you know, startups.
Yeah, but I'm still-
They're not really tied in, but YouTube has their paws in a lot of these places and they're
gonna roll out the gate with the app and everything.
So I feel like YouTube is the first viable competitor we're seeing to Twitch.
And they'll let you scream hatred, I'm sure.
Well, I don't know.
If you want.
Maybe, maybe not.
Maybe they won't feature it.
Who knows?
I don't know.
But with the whole YouTube stuff, the only thing that worries me, I have other concerns
about YouTube, such as the whole, you know, content ID matching and all that.
So I wonder how this whole, you know, if they're going to have the live element, how that is
going to, you know, come into play.
I feel like they don't do the content and copyright strike thing very well.
So I'd like to see how that's going to be improved, but I feel like competition will
make this a little better between the two because, you know, now they're going to be
competing for people to use this particular service.
I don't know.
Bobby, your thoughts?
Competition is good.
You can already stream live YouTube channels, like on the PS4 YouTube app.
So it's already on the consoles and everything.
So yeah, competition is good.
Dungeon Buster says, I like Twitch's reaction when they tweeted something like, Welcome
Player 2.
And I'm like, I bet Hitbox is out there going, ouch.
Yeah.
And actually, Tigerclaws corrected me in chat saying, Hitbox actually has an app.
And I'm not trying to like throw the shade and hate on Hitbox.
That's not what I'm doing.
Like, you know, props to them for trying, but I feel like their foot is not wedged in
the door the way that YouTube is.
You know, we know as well that YouTube tried to buy Twitch at one point and that didn't
work out.
Amazon got them.
So it's almost like this was always in Google's cards that they were going to have something
like this.
So here we go.
And, you know, you even go to things like PAX and I'm sure at E3 even, there's a Twitch
booth and a YouTube booth now.
You didn't see that three, four years ago.
You know, these guys regularly show up to these gaming conferences now, and now we're
going to have ourselves a little battle.
So this'll be, this'll be interesting.
Very interesting.
Another big announcement that came out this week was the fact that the Mega Man Legacy
Collection is going to be happening.
The Mega Man Legacy Collection was announced for the Nintendo 3DS, the PlayStation 4, the
PC and the Xbox One, but not the Wii U, which is interesting.
We'll put Miibos on there.
You got a Miibos.
But yet it's on the 3DS.
So I'm not, you can't say it's a technical thing.
You can't handle the power of Mega Man.
So I'm not sure what's up with that, and there's a lot of people that don't know what's up
with that.
But anyway, it's going to be coming out, I believe the price is somewhere around $15
is what we're looking at.
And it's going to feature the first six Mega Man games.
Now some of you, and I'm sure many of you actually even right now, are making that comparison
to the, what, the original Xbox and the PlayStation 2 and the GameCube release of the Mega Man
Museum.
I don't remember what they called it.
Just the Mega Man collection or something like that that came out that was the first
eight Mega Man games.
And if I remember right, it had the arcade fighter and all that stuff too.
So you're actually losing a few games with this newer collection.
However, some things to note, this is cheaper, although one could argue that you could find
a used copy of that old collection probably for just as much.
But it's also going to have a new museum mode and a challenge mode.
Challenge mode will have different gameplay segments from all six games, sounds a little
bit like NES Remix, but with the Mega Man games maybe.
And also I guess some type of like leaderboard will be there as well.
And what's also interesting about this is this is coming from, and the name of the company
escapes my mind, Digital Eclipse, is that the company that's putting this out?
I think it is.
And they've been kind of dormant for a little while and they've basically resurfaced with
this saying that their goal right now is to make the criterion collection of video games.
And so this is in some ways the first inductee into that very special collection of video
games.
So I'm interested.
I think it'll look better on the TV like the one I have now as opposed to hooking up the
old collection and playing it there.
I'm intrigued by some of this online and challenge mode and some of these extra things, but yeah,
they're going to have a big hill to kind of get over with the whole, why aren't these
other games there and so on.
Why isn't this running native 1080p?
Is this totally upscaled?
Well, I don't know.
Why can't Samus crouch?
What do you mean?
What do you mean it's cropped?
I can't see what they didn't.
They didn't fix it.
So you could do widescreen in this.
What's up with that?
I don't know.
We'll see.
Jamie, would you, would you pay 15 bucks for this type of collection on the PC?
I don't know.
No, no.
You have to see a little more.
Yeah.
Got to get your hands on with it.
I understand.
Why pay $15 when you could pay $2 on a Steam sale?
Exactly.
Bobby, you're going to pick this up?
No, I've never been very good at Mega Man, so I've already played him and lost.
Oh, and that's how it goes.
If you can't beat the demo, you don't buy the game, right?
That's right.
That's why I never bought Mega Man 9 or 10.
Oh, man.
Those were some hard demos.
All right, well, guys, we're coming up about on 7 o'clock.
We're going to have to take a break here because Nintendo chopped off the beginning of our
show, and now Bethesda's chopping off the middle here.
They're going to nuke it for more of it, if you will.
But you know, Jamie's got to get a word in edgewise here, people, and every week here
on the show, she likes to take us on a trip down memory lane.
You know what, Jamie, screw all this new shit.
All this stuff people are going to see this week, it don't matter.
It don't matter.
You've got a thousand games out there you can already play, right?
Yeah, and this one's old as balls.
So here it is, the classic game of the week.
Dark Soccer is going to step into the gaming vault and find a game that she thinks, hey,
you should check this game out this week.
Screw all this newfangled shit.
Dark Soccer, what is the classic game of the week?
In honor of Bethesda's upcoming chat about stuff, I'm going back to something that kind
of started a lot of this for them.
Back to 1994, for PC-DOS, yes, I'm talking about Elder Scrolls Arena, the first in the
Elder Scrolls lineage, I should say.
So basically, it has a lot in common with its sequels, I mean, this one pretty much
laid the foundation of it, but you are playing from first person's perspective.
You have melee combat with your mouse, you can drag a cursor across the screen to attack.
You have magic with a menu and everything, and it's basically going around and going
to inns, farms, dungeons, killing creatures, doing story stuff, exploring, and it actually
was a pretty, I'd say a difficult one.
This one just was not really one of the easiest games I think I've ever played, but there
is a little bit more of a story behind this one too.
Basically it has to deal with banishing an apprentice, the main baddy guy, banished his
apprentice to the, I guess, killed her pretty much, and her soul basically makes it through
and teaches you how to escape the dungeon and a bunch of other stuff, you have to rescue
the real emperor and lots of other stuff.
I didn't play too much of this one myself, but I figured I was going to bring it up just
because it's Bethesda.
And without this game, we wouldn't have Skyrim or Elder Scrolls Online, which was a big deal
this week.
But the biggest influence of this one, this was a really big thing I liked, was that they
thought that because it had been highly influenced by Ultima and by pen and paper roleplay games,
as well as just a few other type of first person games that had been out including Legends
of Valor.
So I'm only going to keep this one quick because I know we've got stuff coming up, so there
you go.
As far as any kind of releases on this, it came out Christmas Day 1994, well it was supposed
to, but then it got released on November 28th before the Christmas rush.
And it came out on CD-ROM and three and a half inch floppy disk, but the CD-ROM had
enhanced speech, different CG video sequences, and then in late 1994 it was re-released as
a deluxe edition with the CD-ROM with the latest patch, as well as a map of Tom Reel
and a big hint book.
And then it was later released in 2004 as freeware, but it was the three and a half
floppy disk version and not the CD-ROM.
And you may need a DOSBox to run it since it was a DOS based program.
And then later on in 2007, the CD-ROM version was released as a limited edition re-release
for PC, and it included DOSBox on it so you would have compatibility issues and it had
the same type of cover as Morrowind.
So there you go.
All right, there it is, your classic game of the week arena, Elder Scrolls.
There it is, we're at about seven o'clock and this has never happened to us, trying
to do a live OLR before, but we're being bumped by a press conference.
So we are going to take a break here while the Bethesda press conference begins and we'll
be back whenever it's over to wrap up and get your guys' thoughts.
Hey Bobby, thanks so much for joining us at the beginning of the show here.
I'm sorry that we didn't get to spend more time with you or that your own show got bumped,
but I'm glad we got to have a little chat.
It's always nice to come on this side of the fence.
It is, you should make it happen more often.
All right, take care my friend, we're gonna let you go while we go to break.
All right, see ya.
All right, see ya.
All right, and we'll be back after this to get your reactions to Bethesda and more when
Orange Lounge Radio returns.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio, live with this E3 2015 special edition for
June the 14th of 2015.
For those of you listening on the podcast feed, you're probably like, wow, that went
by really fast.
But in real time, as we're live on this Sunday evening, a whole 90 minutes just went by as
we watch the Bethesda press conference here at Studio N7.
I do want to note, just because I never got around to housekeeping, because we've had
to move really fast tonight, you'll notice tonight's episode does not have an official
number designation, so we will resume with episode 602 next week, June the 21st of 2015,
since tonight's show is super abbreviated, we're having to cut a lot of corners, we're
not going to be able to do gaming week and probably a lot of our usual segments.
Some people don't know how to read a calendar and don't know when E3 starts, and it's like,
okay, E3's next week, you don't need to be doing all your press conferences like a week
in advance.
I know, I know, there's so much that it's spilling over into the day before.
DarkSakura actually had to leave, she has training going on at work, so she had to be
in early, so she knew she had to leave at 830, and once the press conference is going
on and on, you know, she realizes she has to leave.
She'll be back next week for episode number 602.
Meanwhile, though, with our E3 2015 special, since we did just watch the Bethesda press
conference and things are fresh in our mind, let's talk about our thoughts.
And in a little while, I will be opening up the Skype line at 1877 Game OLR or username
on Skype, Orange Launch Radio, so you guys can share your thoughts as well.
But first, let's talk here in studio.
So, Loki, what did you think overall Bethesda's first go at the press conference?
I thought it was pretty good.
The only weak point I think that was in there was Battlecry.
I think that just didn't look that interesting at all.
But everything else looked fine, you know, Fallout 4 looked great, Doom looked better
than I thought it was gonna, and Dishonored 2 was nice.
Battlecry is a holdover from last year, because that was one of the few games that Bethesda
had last year, when being at E3 last year, their booth only consisted of the evil within
in that game, Battlecry, which was for a lot of the Team Fortress elements.
I thought it was fun to play, I'll check out that beta when it goes out, especially
since they're using the free-to-play model.
But yeah, I think next to a lot of the other stuff they were showing, it kind of, you know,
it was a footnote, I think, compared to Doom, which I wasn't really expecting to care about.
You know, I used to love the old-school first-person shooters, like Doom, Quake, Wolfenstein, I
used to love those old-school games, but I don't know, they kinda, somewhere along the
way a lot of them lost me, and I played some here and there, like I get into Halo, you
know, but I gotta say that Doom looked really, really nice, like the graphics, obviously,
were astounding.
It had a lot of that nostalgic feel, like I think you pointed out, oh, the door noise
is the same from the old games, the little elevator and stuff.
But I thought what was really neat about that was the little big planetization of it, with
the, what was it, Snap Map, whatever they called it?
I thought that was the most interesting thing in the entire press conference.
Just the fact that they're opening up all these, you know, abilities for Doom, and the
fact that, okay, so you can have like a classic deathmatch, but you could also do like a Gears
of War, what do they call that, locust mode, or Mass Effect multiplayer?
Yeah, like a horde mode.
Yeah, where it's like, that's what it is, horde mode, where it's like co-op, you versus
all the demons, and you can like design that yourself.
I thought that was, especially if they have it in a way that you can kinda compare how
you do against your friends, and, you know, have things that you're working towards on
the leaderboard, I think that stands to be a really notable concept for me.
So I mean, that I think says a lot about a press conference, when it can take a game
that wasn't really on your radar, or you're feeling very passive, meh, there's a lot of
stuff fighting for my attention right now, and a press conference can put a game on your
radar like that, and I think they did a really good job with that, with Doom.
I gotta admit though, and I'm gonna take a lot of shit for this, but I'm ready for it,
I wasn't grabbed by Fallout 4 in the same way, which I know sounds ludicrous considering
how much is going on in that game, but I just, and I guess when I tried to play Fallout 3
before or whatever, like I just couldn't get into it the same way I can get into a Skyrim
game, and I can't put my finger on what it is that's not drawing me in, I feel like I
will kinda owe it to Fallout 4 to check it out eventually at some point, but I wasn't
like screaming my head off like those people in the audience for November time.
I'm hoping that a Fallout game like Fallout 4 though, the way it seems that you're brought
up in this, you know, Fallout 3, see I never played Fallout 3, and I have Fallout New Vegas
and I tried playing it, but I don't, like the premise to me it seems like that you're
a character already in this world, so you're kinda supposed to be familiar with everything,
whereas this is like, okay you've been, you know, locked in this vault for 200 years,
and you come out and you don't know anything.
You don't know what the hell's going on, and it's great because I don't know what the hell's
going on in the Fallout universe.
Now Bobby's voicing up in our chatroom, and I will reintroduce our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com
reminding us that Fallout New Vegas wasn't really a Bethesda game, so that might not
be the best game to base your judgements on, because that was, they contracted out with
a third party developer to try to keep the series going.
Well I did play Fallout 3, so I'm gonna tell you I'm not sure it is gonna change your opinion.
There are some neat things that the game does, and again I'm not like, I think there's always
these video games, and I do this all the time on OLR, there's a lot of video games
like this.
Before you brand me a hater or cynic or whatever, there's a lot of games where I stand back
and I look at it and I go, I bet that's a really awesome game for other people, and
I see why other people are into it, but eh, I'm not really into it.
Case in point, a lot of sports games for me, it's very rare I really get into a sports
game, but you know, when I see some of the, you know, previews and some of the things
that they do, you know, I understand how other people get into them, it's just, eh, not really
for me.
Honestly, I think Pokemon would be another really good example of that.
I get why people are so into Pokemon, but every time I try to sit down with it, I never
get past the first couple gyms, you know, it's just the way it is.
So, anyway, just my thoughts there.
At least I know Fallout 3 would run okay on my machine, because my machine's crap.
Yeah.
Let's see, so what else did they talk about?
They of course did their little, you know, it's out now mic drop, ceiling opens, hundreds
of mic, no, I guess it wasn't that big of a mic drop moment, but the whole little tablet
game that they were talking about with the Fallout Shelter, which looks really cute,
I'll certainly check that out, if nothing else, I like those tiny tower types of games.
I noticed a little shade thrown at second screen gaming experiences, what'd you think
of that?
He said that a lot of second screen gaming experiences are crap, and I was kinda like,
is that a dig at Wii U, or is that specifically the tablet types of games?
I think he's talking more like, I don't think he's digging at Wii U, I think he's talking
about stuff that Microsoft and PlayStation has as far as second screen stuff.
I don't think he's, you know, it seems like, yeah, and I do have to agree, a lot of it's
been crap, you know, just like, ooh, you have a map, or ooh, you could pick a song or something.
There's a part of me though that gets up there and says, you got a lot of balls criticizing
Nintendo when you just showed that you have a Donkey Kong clone in your little pip game
thing, which looked cute, I mean, don't get me wrong, I just, I was, so yeah, I'm
hoping that he just, you know, he just ran his mouth and was more targeting the tablet
based experiences and not so much maybe, you know, what Nintendo tries to do with the Wii
U.
Well, he clearly isn't talking about Nintendo because they're not getting Fallout, so, you
know.
Yeah.
Maybe they can run Fallout Vault, whatever that is, you know, the iPad game.
Yeah.
Act F agrees that that's more like tablet and mobile stuff.
Fifth Dream in our chat saying, PlayStation 4 doesn't even like, tell you when a game
has second screen except maybe on the back of the box, Vidpower says, to be fair, he
also made it fun of themselves right after, so, there you go.
What do you think about them getting into the trading card game business with the Elder
Scrolls?
Man, I just don't care, it's not a genre that's interested, interesting to me at all, so.
You were hoping for Elder Scrolls Skyrim HD.
Well, they had clips of Skyrim, I, see, I wasn't sure if it was like a retrospective
like here's all these great games that we've made in the past, or here's some clips of
games we're going to be talking about today, you know, that type of thing.
And they had Dishonored, you know, I thought, okay, well, they have Dishonored, then maybe
they're going to have, you know, Skyrim.
Yeah, I mean, we're getting the Dishonored special edition, which is great for people
like me that didn't even check out the game the first time.
Maybe Skyrim thing will come later or something, or maybe it's, you know, I don't know, don't
want to detract from Fallout 4, I guess.
Perhaps, that could be very true as well.
Let's see.
Talking about the limited edition Fallout 4, the little pip device that actually uses
your real smartphone.
I got to say, you know, again, I'm not super into Fallout, but when I saw that, I was like,
all right, that's pretty fucking rad.
Like if I was, you know, more into the series, I'd be like hitting up Amazon, how can I preorder
that right now?
Because that did look pretty badass.
Although, I have to wonder, does that only fit the like fives and sixes, iPhones and
the smaller androids?
Because I got a six plus.
Is that going to fit?
It's supposed to fit all phones.
All right, I hope so.
I mean, it doesn't matter.
I'm not going to really end up getting one, because I think it's going to be easily $100,
but...
Oh, well, just $100?
At least, at least.
I'm talking three digits.
That's probably like, I'm guessing that's like $200 right there.
Well, it's just a shell for your smartphone.
It's not an actual, you know...
Yeah, I understand that.
I understand it's just a shell or a statue or whatever.
They have that type of stuff, but those are expensive.
Just like what, Titanfall had a fucking statue in that shit, and it was fucking expensive.
I don't know.
I just expected the expensive.
All right.
Well, we'll get all your guys' thoughts on the Bethesda press conference just a little
later.
For now, though, we want to just touch on a few stories that...
I may have to buy Fallout 3.
I have been buying lots of stuff on Steam sale.
You know what?
There is a Steam sale going on right now, as you know about, for sure, and maybe now
is the great time to pick up Fallout 3.
You know, we didn't talk about our gaming weeks, because we've had no time, but I don't
know about you, but I succumbed to that Steam sale.
I bought Cities Skyline, which is that...
This is the game that SimCity should've been, but I've played maybe 15 minutes of it, so
I'm not in any position to tell you about the game, but I definitely see, like, wow,
there's some strong SimCity parallels here.
I bought some stuff for my son to play with me with.
So I bought Lego Batman 2, because, you know, I've been talking to him about that, because
he's kind of getting bored of Lego Marvel superheroes.
We beat it, like, a long time ago, and, you know, this game is similar to that, because
it has an open world and everything, so I bought that for him and for me to play.
And then I also bought Lego Movie, the video game, because we watched part of the Lego
Movie, and I like the movie, and it's awesome, and the game's, like, five bucks, so I was
like, you know, whatever.
And then I bought some other stuff, too.
I've been...
You know what I've been playing a lot of?
I know.
Shocking.
I've been, like, playing a lot of their clicker game on there.
Oh, their little, um, for the sale?
The clicker game for the sale?
Yeah, I've been playing that a lot.
It's a little laggy.
Like, I love the concept of a thousand people all playing it at once, but, like, I notice
I'll click something, and all of a sudden, the health bar's like, whoo!
Like, it's got some technical challenges, but it was a clever little thing for a sale.
I gotta say.
I'm trying to think of whatever else I bought.
I mean, I actually have to literally look at my stupid list here of what I bought.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com,
use the passphrase, net.
I don't know.
I bought a few other things, too.
Oh, Castle Crashers, because that was dirt cheap.
I bought that, and then, what else did I buy?
I don't remember.
But, yeah, I know I bought the two LEGO games, because, I don't know, they're kind of addicti-
Oh, Command & Conquer Red Alert 3, because I love Command & Conquer Red Alert, and that
was pretty cheap.
And they had, you know, was it that ten-level, four-level thing that came from that Humble
Bundle with EA, and I just wanted the full game, so I was like, okay, I'll do it.
More comments from our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com.
Kaijuto says, Bethesda may have just won E3, that was so freakin' good.
Dungeon Buster saying, Fallout 3 is good, just be sure to get it with all the DLCs since
one of those actually gives you a real ending.
VidPower in chat says, I'm ashamed to admit that I've never played any Fallout games.
Don't be afraid to admit that.
It's like me coming out and being afraid to say, I don't have the same feelings the rest
of you do to it.
I never played through Oblivion all the way, or at least, if I did, actually I may have,
it was a long time ago.
There is no time to play every single, unless you're getting paid to do it, there is not
enough time to play every single critically lauded game start to finish.
I would even think, even if you are paid to do it, there's just not enough hours in
the day if you're exploring every nook and cranny of every critically lauded game.
So you do have to pick and choose a little bit.
And if you play any MMOs, then that just cuts your hours even more.
I'm gonna wait and see if this gets on sale even more, because it's only 40 or 50% off
right now, so.
MegamanX400 in chat says, we can't call E3 winners yet.
Let's put it this way, they've started off pretty strong.
Stop it!
I mean, this was definitely better than the Oculus little thing, but.
This was the best E3 Sunday ever.
In fact, this is the first E3 Sunday ever, but between the Nintendo stuff this morning
and Bethesda.
Well, let's put it this way, they have, you know, I'm expecting great things from Microsoft
and from EA, okay, maybe not so much from EA, but Microsoft and, you know, Sony, Nintendo,
I'm expecting great things from them, so hopefully we'll see that.
And Ubisoft, Ubisoft has been rocking it, like, each year, it seems like, so I'm looking
forward to having some great announcements from them as well.
However, I mean, Watch Dogs was kind of a letdown, although, I can't even really say
that, you know what, it sounded like a letdown, I have to fucking give myself, I haven't played
it yet, so I don't know.
But like, I'm not as excited, like, about Watch Dogs, or I wasn't as excited about the
crew at, when originally those sounded really awesome, and I don't really give a shit about
their Tom Clancy game that they have coming, well, both Tom Clancy games that they have
coming out, I just don't care about those, so I don't know.
And I'm sure we'll see another fucking Just Dance game, it's just gonna be, whatever.
Bobby's reminding me in chat that Connect had that big event during OLR a few years
ago, hashtag space ponchos, that's right, because then they do it twice, they did it
twice, it was weird that year, they did one on Sunday and one on Monday, and like, it
was like a repeat, I don't know, anyway, so I guess it wasn't the first E3 Sunday ever,
but the first in a long time, okay?
Calm down.
Alright, so it's gonna be a fun week, it is gonna be a fun week, and I'm sad I have to
work tomorrow, I gotta pay the bills, I gotta pay the bills, but I'll be looking for my
bullet point list of what I missed at Microsoft and what trailers I have to view, and then
whatever fucking Mass Effect came out, give me the Mass Effect, get it all right now.
I will be watching the live blogs because I have to take phone calls so I can't actually
stream it like I used to, whereas at work, you know, previous employers, that was considered
part of my job, so I would literally get up from my desk, go to a conference room and
stream that shit on a big fucking TV, because I made the excuse for myself to do that, because
my boss wasn't there anyways, because he'd be at E3, and I'd be like, no one's gonna
tell me not to.
But I like that Sony is at night, because then I can come home and watch the Sony thing
on my PS4 and it'll be just fine.
And there's always YouTube later, and a lot of times, you know, you're just really watching
for trailers and gameplay video and stuff, I mean, and that's all gonna be up later on,
so it's not a big deal.
I hope the PlayStation thing isn't like three hours long this year, they had a long show
last year, and it was different when you're there, it doesn't seem to crawl as much, but
when you're not there, it can drag.
All I ask is if they don't waste time on things, like, keep your gameplay demos somewhat short,
like even Doom 1 seemed kinda long, I understand why, I mean, they're teasing each other's
weapons and stuff, but it seemed long, and I just, I hope that, you know, they kinda
shorten that stuff down a bit.
Like Nintendo, especially Nintendo, we don't need you to explain how the gameplay elements
work and stuff, just show us the fucking gameplay.
If you wanna explain how that shit works, you can save that for the fucking Nintendo
treehouse shit.
Alright, let's move on, let's try to cover some of the other news that's come up in the
past week, we're gonna improvise a little bit here, cuz Loki and I are pretty much having
to make up a show as we go tonight, with Dark Sakura having left, and we lost an hour we
thought we'd have, so, since you brought up Steam, I'll talk about this with Valve, and
then Loki, I know you had a Valve marked thing, maybe you wanna bring that up, I don't know,
but I wanna talk about this because, you know, with the Steam sale going on, there's a little
bit of controversy going on with that, that apparently some developers and publishers
are hiking up their prices.
In fact, Bethesda being called out as one of them, that Wolfenstein The New Order apparently
was hiked up from $45 to $60, then went on sale half off for $30.
It's not just Bethesda, Ubisoft took Assassin's Creed Black Flag from $29.99 to $39.99, and
then there was a 40% off sale, so it goes down to $23.99.
And then, Grand Theft Auto 5 also being pointed out because what they did, they jacked up
the price of the game to $80, but they did it with a card, they gave you consumables.
All they're doing is, well, a couple things, they're putting it out with one of their stupid
shark cards, so basically what they're doing is giving you a free DLC or free in-game item,
money in the game, but the game's still the same price as it normally is because they
can do that, it's digital goods, it doesn't cost them anything.
So really, that's what they're doing.
So it's not really a discount.
The other thing, though, that someone was saying, and I'm not really sure how the details
work on this, but they were saying that because of the fact that it's put out there with a
piece of consumable, an in-app purchase, if you will, you can't refund the game, per the
Steam rules.
I'm not sure if that's the case, but then also I come up to the conclusion of, why would
you want to do that?
Because it's Grand Theft Auto 5 and it's amazing, there's no reason why you would need to return
the game, it is amazing.
Well there you go, so some people kind of push in those Steam, I mean, there's nothing
wrong with what they're doing, and technically in retail a lot of this stuff happens too,
is that, you know...
I think they forget that there are websites that do track the price changes, and people
are going to catch on to your shit.
Just be honest with it.
I mean, if you're going to mark it down 10%, mark it down 10%, a la Witcher 3.
At least they were pretty honest with it.
Hey, I'll take a 10% discount versus you jacking the price up and making it seem like it's
more of a discount, because I'll be like, wait a second, wasn't this just $44 last week?
I mean, I don't know.
Alright, did you want to talk about maybe the Dota 2 thing, since that's also Valve?
Sure, so they're going to have Dota 2 Reborn, I guess they're going to make it easier to
play the game, and it's going to be a new client for Dota 2, and they're going to allow
people to spectate Dota 2 a little bit easier as well as play it even easier.
And they're going to have some new features to Dota TV, including new DVR-style pause
and rewind, also broadcasting in 1080p 60fps streams, and I guess they're saying they're
upgrading their chat room.
So basically trying to up the quote-unquote quality of their MOBA that's really not even
that old anyway, but I always thought they had a pretty good tutorial in that game, but
there's a lot more micromanaging that happens in Dota compared to a game like Heroes of
the Storm.
New tutorials, and they're saying guided bot matches.
But then there's something else with that, right?
All our fascinations with Gabe walking out on stage and dropping the mic, not going to
happen, right?
No, I don't believe that's going to be the case.
Just because they're saying they're not taking meetings for any upcoming products is what
they said.
So they're like...
That doesn't fucking mean anything.
They're not at E3.
We don't need to fucking meet with you people to talk about Half-Life 3, okay?
I thought he was supposed to be there though at the PC gaming thing, I thought Valve was
part of that.
I thought so too, but I don't know.
So who gives a shit?
You don't need to fucking take meetings for that stuff, you could arrange that shit later
on.
And I think it's probably...
I mean, come on.
Come on.
You can't tell me that if they were going to be taking meetings for some upcoming products
that that shit wouldn't leak out in a heartbeat.
I mean, it's like, yeah, hey guys, we're taking meetings for Half-Life 3.
No, you can't tell me that won't leak out.
No one is not breaking the NDA on that shit.
You get the exclusive story that Half-Life 3 is fucking confirmed.
I mean, come on.
That is why.
I would completely distrust any of the journalists out there with that shit.
So I don't expect them to...
I don't think that this necessarily means anything.
I think it's just, yeah, they're not going to have a booth there.
They're not going to be taking press meetings about their games, but it doesn't mean they
won't announce anything.
All right.
Well, let's move on.
I guess we'll do a couple more stories and I think we'll open up the Skype line at 1-877-GAMO-LR.
Or username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
So Loki, you want to just pick one other story you think is worth mentioning here?
Sure.
Let's talk about amiibos some more.
And this is actually from one of the executives that's in charge of the team that produces
Disney Infinity, John Viganocci.
He's basically saying this whole shortage of bullshit is ridiculous.
You know, they're saying it...
This is, I guess, part of an interview that they had with Game Informer.
It is, given the turbulent release of amiibo characters, are you doing anything to prepare
for the high demand of Star Wars figures?
And he replied, there is never an intention to create a shortage of any figures.
It isn't irresponsible and rude to your hardcore fans.
They don't want to create frustration or the hunt.
So they will be stocking the shelves well.
And I gotta say, from my experience with dealing with retailers and stuff, Disney was
probably the easiest when it came to ordering this kind of bullshit.
And I'll tell you why.
And it's because, previously, before this whole amiibo stuff was happening, it was Skylanders
and fucking Disney Infinity.
And Skylanders, well, the way they create shortages is it's all fucking random.
So you can't order specific, like, if I'm out of this specific character, I can't fucking
order that specific character from Activision.
I just have to order some of these, I just have to order some of these single character
packs and hope to God that I get what I'm looking for.
Or I can get a bunch of fucking comps.
It's literally blind packs, which is ridiculous.
And I think that is how a lot of the toy industry works, but Disney's not like that.
You're out of fucking Mickey, you order Mickey, you get Mickey, that's it, done.
The only bullshit that they have, and to be honest, all three of these Disney, Nintendo,
and Activision do this shit, is the fucking retailer exclusives.
And that's about it, and it's time with this shit.
So they're all kind of on an even playing field there, but yeah.
Disney knows how to fucking manufacture toys, and this isn't new for them, that's why they
have a better handle on it than Activision and Nintendo, who just kind of got into this
industry.
Yeah.
And this is their own retail.
I mean, Disney has stores in the mall, Disneyland, Disney World.
Yeah, they fucking know how to manufacture toys.
This is like, yeah, we've been manufacturing toys for a long time now, and Nintendo and
fucking Activision are just getting into this shit.
They're only a few years old into it, Nintendo even less than that, and so that's why they're
having all this hiccup shit.
It's because, I don't know where exactly they manufacture half this stuff for Disney, but
I'm pretty sure that they know how to make sure that stuff is in stores.
Now, don't get me wrong, they're not immune to shortages, but they're usually quick to
recover from it.
ActDeft in chat over at live.vognetwork.com saying, a reasoning behind why Disney can
put any Disney Infinity figurine is that they have the shitload of money to do so.
Not to mention, they're probably really easy and cheap to produce.
Rama saying that Disney doesn't run their retail stores, the Children's Place runs all
the Disney stores.
And I would still argue, when it's carrying Disney's name, there's probably some different
relationships than you would see elsewhere in the industry.
But that's a fair point, anyway.
So anyhow, let's see.
I'm going to do a quick story here about Street Fighter V, which is going to get a lot of
attention at E3 in this coming week, I'm sure.
Sure this will be a big deal at Capcom's booth for people that are there.
Street Fighter V, of course, coming to PlayStation 4 and PC, but not going to be coming to Xbox
One.
Now, there's been a lot of us saying, oh, sure, Street Fighter V doesn't come to Xbox
One, but Super Street Fighter V, or Street Fighter V Turbo, or Street Fighter V Special
Edition, Street Fighter V Part II, whatever you want to call it, the inevitable will come
out for Xbox One.
But based on some comments this week that a Capcom representative said to GameSpot,
maybe not.
Quote, the reality is that this is a real partnership.
We are console exclusive for this franchise, for this numbered run.
The relationship with Sony does open doors for things we haven't been able to do in the
past.
The relationship serves as a gameplay and development purpose and not just a marketing
value.
Hmm, I wonder if this is Capcom really holding firm on this whole Microsoft, you fucking
did this to yourself when you wouldn't allow cross play.
So you know, and I have to admit, the no cross play thing on Microsoft, I don't think is
doing him any favors.
I think as far as Elder Scrolls Online, since we just watched Bethesda go, I think that
really sucks that it's separated for Xbox One and PlayStation.
Now granted, I get that even if it's separate from PlayStation and PC, yes, it is.
They're all separated, which I was probably a Bethesda decision since one had to be separated
that I'll be separated.
But I can see also that the voice chat thing would lend some complications.
Like you wouldn't be able to have voice chat across Xbox One and PlayStation.
So I get you might have some other difficulties there.
But if these other MMOs like Final Fantasy 11, Final Fantasy 14, if they can do it, you
know, I don't see why Elder Scrolls Online couldn't do it.
So I just think I think Microsoft really needs to reevaluate that policy.
But you know, whatever.
This is this is what it's it's coming to.
So we'll see.
And Sony and Nintendo apparently allowed cross play between their consoles with some game.
I don't remember what game that was, where Sony and Nintendo actually worked together
between the two.
What was it?
I guess it was pure chess is the game they're calling out of all things interesting.
The one game that no one bought.
Yeah, right.
So anyhow, so but I wouldn't expect Street Fighter five on the Wii U anytime soon.
Just saying.
Let's do it.
Let's open up the Skype line 1877 game OLR or username on Skype orange lounge radio.
If you want to give us a call, we'll talk about whatever you might want to say about
Bethesda's press thing or any general E3 thoughts, things you might be looking forward
to in this next week.
I apologize due to the time tonight, I'm going to have to cut out a few of our regular segments.
No rapid fire news, no.
I'm actually going to skip foogle.
I apologize.
I know a lot of you guys answered on Facebook and Google Plus this week, but just incentive
to go check those community communities out if you're not already on them.
Facebook dot com slash orange lounge radio and Google dot com slash plus orange lounge
radio.
And if you're mad, well, be mad at Nintendo.
They ran in 30 minutes over tonight than they were supposed to finish.
So again, the Skype line is open 1877 game OLR or username on Skype orange lounge radio.
Loki, you want to pull one of these other stories here while we wait for a call?
Sure.
So apparently Metal Gear Solid five is going to have some sort of microtransactions.
They're basically calling them optional game purchases.
And some of the examples they're saying may include the ability to create your own emblem
in the game.
So not necessarily anything that's going to, you know, help you win the game and just,
you know, customization stuff.
Hmm.
Gotcha.
I see maybe more like decoys, maybe still they're going down that path.
Well, it's Konami.
They're going down that.
Well, what's Konami got now?
Let's go to the phones.
Hi.
You're on orange lounge radio.
Who's this?
Hi.
This is Reginator.
What's on your mind tonight?
Not too much.
Yeah.
Just to touch on the sales that have been going on.
I just want to get your overall opinion on both the GOG sale and the Steam sale.
What are your general feelings and thoughts about those sales?
Well, who doesn't love a sale, dammit?
I'm excited to see the sales on both sides.
I did actually end up participating in the GOG sale myself.
I bought an old-school PC game that I remember playing the shit out of when I first got a
CD-ROM in my computer.
And the game is called Castles 2.
And it was on GOG, and it was even on sale for like, I don't know, four bucks.
It's actually the CD-ROM version that you download, and so it actually has some of the
little cheesy CD-ROM movies and things in it.
So I thought that was really cool, and I bought that, and then that gave me the free SimCity
2000, which I thought was a nice little bonus.
So I participated in that sale.
And then I think I mentioned over on Steam, I bought the Cities Skyline, and that was
on sale from 30 bucks to 20 bucks, I think.
So I haven't been able to play a whole lot of that, but I'm encouraged by what I see
so far.
So I participate in both those sales, keeping my eye on Humble Bundle, too, because they've
got a lot of sales going on.
So E3 is video game Christmas for a lot of people, so there's going to be a lot of sales
to match that as well.
I think the other thing, too, is that Steam minigame.
I think it's been a while since we've seen Steam do something a little extra for a sale,
beyond just the trading card thing.
Like I feel like we haven't gotten a little something extra extra during a sale in a while,
so even though the game, the clicker game is a little bit, eh, buggy, I applaud them
for trying to do something a little different.
Played 120 levels of it the other day.
Oh my god.
I got in right at 9 a.m. yesterday, right, and I must have gotten some game with some
uber players, because by the end of the day, or by the time it was over, I was on level
like 1,758.
It was something crazy.
So yeah.
It sucks that they reset your stats, though, each time.
Yeah, but it seems like you get the trading card, you get one trading card for just checking
it out, and then you get another for, I guess, playing it for maybe 20 minutes or something.
So you can get a lot of cards that way.
Brak, the man in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says Steam will never top that potato ARG
for Portal 2.
That was pretty amazing.
That was the one that, wasn't that the one that culminated in the early release of the
game on Steam or something like that?
It did, because you had to like play different games that had Portal stuff in it, and had
a potato stuff, and I guess playing those games would help count down the timer or something
like that, and it would release it earlier.
So, RageNator, you mentioned you hadn't bought anything in the Steam sale yet.
Is there a reason for that?
Is there something you're waiting for?
What's your thoughts on the Steam sale?
Well, I kind of blew my load, financially speaking, on the GOG sale.
Ew.
Okay.
All right.
Fair enough.
Yeah, I kind of went nuts on the GOG sale.
I bought a little bit too much, or a little bit more than I should have.
He meant the load of cash in his bank account, everybody.
That's what he meant.
He meant a load of cash, everybody.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Including the free games I meant to get through there, I got like 30 games through the GOG
sale.
Wow.
Well, you're not even checking out the clicker heroes inspired minigame on Steam, getting
your cards or whatever, or nah, not for you?
I tried to, but I couldn't get into it, so I kind of assumed that the way the game was
explained to me, you hit the craft badge first, then get into the game, collect more cards.
No, you don't need the badge first.
You can get in there.
If it doesn't work for you, try to join a friend's game.
That was the only way I was able to get it to work the first time, is I joined a friend's
game instead of doing my own game, and then it worked for some reason, so keep hammering
at it.
Yeah.
You're right.
Yeah, no, in regards to the Steam sale, might be able to buy something once they, you know,
will have to be like dirt cheap, like under $10, so.
Well, there's a lot of indie stuff.
Keep your eye out, because there's a lot of indie games that are coming down to like two
or three bucks, because especially the stuff that's rewards from people's participation
in the clicky game, that's pretty much nothing but indie stuff.
I've seen a few AAA games in there, but mostly indie stuff, so, and those get really, really
cheap.
Raise your hand.
I'm going to let you go so we can get some more calls.
All right, buddy?
Thanks for calling in, though.
Sure.
Take care.
Have a nice night.
Bye.
Bye-bye.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
Our username on Skype.
Orange Lounge Radio.
Loki, you want to pull another one of these, or?
Sure.
You know, it's kind of funny, looking at this, like, recommended list from Steam about games
I should buy, and most of them are saying in-library.
I have a problem.
You have a big problem.
I have a problem.
We actually have another call coming in right now, so let's get to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, this is Akdeaf.
Hey, Akdeaf, buddy.
What's on your mind?
Well, let's talk about the usual.
I talk about Amiibos.
That's the main thing now.
That's your thing now.
I was going to say, I saw, I did happen to catch, was that they showed off what Ryu looks
like when Kirby sucks him up.
Oh, yeah.
I love the hair.
Yeah, I got the DLC today, and yeah, that's pretty awesome.
In Dreamland 64, that's pretty awesome.
Did you see my sexy picture on Twitter?
Shout out to my Twitter, at SKIE, Sky on Twitter.
You see my sexy picture with my new NES Amiibo?
Oh, no, I didn't see it.
Oh, you gotta go back to my, I got my NES Amiibo from Japan.
One of the three that I have coming, because, here's the hilarious part.
Alan bought me one for a birthday gift, and I didn't know that he did that.
He bought from some import thing, I don't know.
When Play Asia had the Japanese ones go up, both Shane and I were on there, and we both
bought one.
We were just like, I don't know, I just didn't trust that even if Shane would get one, that
he would actually get one, because people cancel pre-orders all the time, right?
So I was like, we need to buy two.
So he bought one, and I bought one.
Now I have three NES Amiibo coming from Japan.
Shane told me he's just gonna keep the one that he gets, but I'm still gonna have an
extra one, so I'm deciding, am I gonna hang onto it to try to trade for something else,
or maybe, maybe I'll do a giveaway.
We'll see.
Hmm.
That's nice.
More to come on that.
I would think people might be motivated for a NES Amiibo of all things.
Those things are region-free, but I don't know, I don't wanna get too ahead of myself,
I don't know.
Anyway, what'd you wanna say about Amiibos?
Well, first thing, I helped organize an Amiibo tournament yesterday, so I got to see, like,
three people with the NES Amiibo, sorry.
So yeah, at least I got to see it now.
Hopefully I can get mine soon, too, but aside from that, you know how we're always complaining
about Nintendo and not producing enough Amiibos?
Yeah.
So apparently, some of the CPSI certificates of compliance got updated recently.
Some of the Amiibos that appear in this update are Jigglypuff, Charizard, Ness, Lucario,
Rosalina and Luma, Captain Falcon, Pit, Fox, Whiffit Trainer, and Villager.
And also, Nintendo of America tweeted that at least Pit and Whiffit Trainer are going
to appear in stores in the next few weeks, so yeah, if anyone that is looking for the
rare Amiibos, like Villager, especially, and some of the store exclusives, and are still
looking for them, well, probably they will appear in the next few weeks or at least before
the month ends, so that's pretty big.
I'm cautiously optimistic.
I'll believe it when I can walk into a store and see what I see these pictures out of Japan
and Europe where the shelves just line with them, because I'm telling you what, I went
into a Target just yesterday, because we were there for something else, and I was like,
oh, let's just go look at the Amiibo for fun, see what they have, LOL.
They were fucking picked dry.
Picked dry.
Like, there was maybe like two Marios and a Zelda hanging on the shelf.
That's it.
Like, I was like, damn, like, you can't even get a goddamn Pikachu anymore.
That's crazy.
Yeah, sorry.
Yeah, usually when a wait just launches, the Amiibos are really, really scarce, so yeah,
you really find some of the even common ones.
Well, let me ask you this.
Do you think it's about to break with these Amiibos, because earlier, before the press
conference began, we were talking about a leaked ad or something that had come out that
showed that there was an 8-bit Mario Amiibo and these Animal Crossing Amiibo, and it's
like, why are there Animal Crossing Amiibo when you haven't announced Animal Crossing
Wii U yet?
Although, clearly, that's the thing.
I think that they originally were talking about those, I think they had actually announced
those a while back.
Well, there were the cards.
No, so actually, the Amiibos are actually going to be for that stupid 3DS game.
Oh, pfft.
Well, anyway.
No one's going to buy it for that 3DS game.
Yeah.
Now, Wii U.
Animal Crossing.
See, and this is where I'm torn on Amiibos, because I hate those little fucking things
and everything.
God damn, they're so annoying.
But I wanted Isabelle!
But isn't it too early for, like, an Animal Crossing?
Don't you think it's a little early for an Animal Crossing?
Like, we just fucking had an Animal Crossing a couple years ago.
I think it's too, like, soon for an Animal Crossing Wii U game.
Can we just, like, get something better?
Well, I'm going to counter and say, and I know immediately what your response is going
to be, but please let me finish my sentence.
Alright, go ahead.
But if the game is something different, but still Animal Crossing, but it's like, no,
they really did reinvent the game from the ground up, there's some, like, new twist on
Animal Crossing.
Low-key retort.
I'm not going to say anything, because, you know, I know how ridiculous that idea is.
Just like, oh yeah, we, we, you're the mayor now, and it's an island, and, um, yeah.
There you go.
It's, we moved where the shops are now.
They're different.
Different spots.
And, you know, hey, all those random things that you wanted to wait for, and that actually
made it worthwhile to play the game, to see some new stuff in there.
Yeah, we just did all second to one corner.
Oh, and still no fucking virtual console games in the, in this, because, you know, fuck you,
that's why.
I'm just, I, I'm just, you know, call me crazy, but maybe they could do an Animal Crossing,
it's like actually a different game.
But we'll see.
I don't know.
Well, New, New Leaf was kind of a different game, because even, even though it has this,
uh, still the same core gameplay, you, you really had more stuff to do.
Yeah, that's right.
So, uh, I can really argue about, oh, it's the same thing, but with less stuff.
Yeah, you can talk about, yeah, the, the lack of virtual console games, and some of, some
of the shops that, uh, kind of limited, are limited, at least not from the start.
But playing the game, it's, uh, at least, uh, from my perspective, that I played the
original, at least on the GameCube, and, and didn't play one until New Leaf.
There was a lot of things new, and pretty, pretty damn fun.
I, I played that game for almost a year straight.
Let me, let me just, let me just throw out a crazy idea, I mean, some of you are gonna
want to give me a drug screening after I say this, but what if they did, like, uh, I don't
know, like an always online type of game, where you could have more than one person
in your town, where you coexist, like in the, like in the older games, where like four people
could live in one town, but what if that could all happen, like, at the same time?
I would really like that.
I would too!
Like, a lot.
Think of the children.
Think of the children.
I know.
You're gonna have the pedophiles living right next door, having access to the animal genitals
right there.
I know.
It's just, it's, think of the children, they will be lured, lured out by strangers, because
they'll be like, hey, you want some candy, child?
And the sign in front of my house that says, I heart butts, you know, the poor children,
the poor children.
Well, at least they tried with this platoon, but, yeah.
Anyway, that was all deviation, quickly, because I want to let you go so we can get more calls,
but quickly, your thought on all these amiibo.
Is it too much, Act F'd?
Is it too much, kinda, are people really burned out on them?
Not at all.
That's what I'm gonna say.
Nintendo fans, and I say this as one, Nintendo fans are fucking nuts, like, especially for
collectibles, like, it's like fucking nuts squared, and I, I, I fully confess that's
me too.
I have no reason to have all those amiibo in the living room that I do.
Yeah, and you know what's gonna be great, Rob?
Let's flash forward ten years from now.
Jesus.
Nintendo has their next console coming out, but for some reason, in ten years, some reason,
okay, well, whatever, yeah, for some, they already have it out, okay, whatever, okay,
for some reason, and this just seems to happen all the time with Disney Infinity, or maybe
not Disney Infinity, but like Skylighters and stuff, it's just like, you know what,
the old ones just don't work with the new one.
Sorry, our new system, the old amiibos aren't gonna fucking work with it.
You better buy this.
It's the new amiibo lineup, and that's what it's called, because it's Nintendo, they just
call it new amiibo, and then this is, this is a new amiibo Mario Party 11.
Oh, yeah.
Alright, act deaf, I'm gonna let you go so we can get more calls, but thank you for calling
in and making me hate myself a little bit.
Hey, thanks for the problem, for protecting me.
Take care, buddy.
Well, look at Nintendo, like, they have to, um, well, they have Mario Maker, that's great,
and you know what, I'm really glad that they have it, and I think that's gonna be a pretty
awesome game, but then you got, like, you know, all these other games out there that
build in their own level editors with the game, you know, that's just something that
comes with it.
There's so many confessions in our chat room, Brak the Man says, I have 31 amiibo and I
hate myself every day, Black Wolf says, I have three and I hate myself, uh, Raginator
says nuts squared, more like deez nuts squared.
I have one amiibo, and I didn't even buy it, and it's sitting on a shelf unopened, and
I still hate myself for having it.
Fifth Dream is suggesting a me-bew, because with a ew, a me-bew, anyway, hi, you're on
Orange Songs Radio, who's this?
It's Ronma.
Ronma, I know you got that.
You're like talking like Cat now, and it's like, me-bew!
Yeah, there's sad kitties in Ronma's profile, because they heard us talking about amiibo.
That too.
What's on your mind, my friend?
Man, listen, Loki, I feel you on the amiibos, because, look, I don't hate myself, because
I had the two that I want, and they're sitting up, sitting on my wall here, and that's it.
That's all I need.
Don't get me wrong, they would be cool, like, as statues, so I could pay five bucks and
get like the one I want, and that's it, because it's just, they don't add enough to the games,
like, okay, yeah, I can train one in fucking Smash Brothers, whoopty shit.
AkumaJP is in chat saying, sorry.
Don't be sorry.
No, no, no.
A Bowser amiibo is perfect for this little bastard, just saying.
No, no, no, no, no.
I have, thank you, thank you again for saying that to me, I'm just saying, you know, I think,
like I feel that now I'm part of the problem, because, you know, I own one, so, yeah, that's
my whole thing, it's like, you know, my stance of not owning one, I can't do that anymore
because I still haven't.
You make Loki a hypocrite every day, everybody in chat should be thanking you, AkumaJP.
It's the only thing on my desk at work that's game-related, so there you go.
Congratulations.
No, but it's just, I don't know, where was I going with this?
I don't even remember.
I don't know.
Why don't we let Rama talk about whatever he called in to talk about tonight.
Okay, I got a couple of things, I'm gonna get the heck up on out of here now.
As with Amiibo, I got the ones I want, but I tell you what, when they announce the real
Amiibo, I will shank a mofo for one, okay?
I will.
What's the real Amiibo?
Are you talking about the new?
The new?
No, Ryu.
Oh, the Ryu Amiibo.
Oh, I'm sorry, I thought you said the new, oh, the Ryu Amiibo, oh my god, people are
gonna get killed for those.
What about the ones that, like, what is it, the two Rob the Robots, they have different
paint colors, you know, depending on which region they're from?
Oh yeah, that shit's gonna be funny.
Somebody will die at a GameStop for one of those Ryu Amiibos, and it's so morbid of me
to say, and I hate that I'm saying it, but, like, it's just people are crazy.
Rob?
What?
Supposedly, about a few weeks ago, two people were stabbed at a Walmart for a couple of
Amiibos.
Well, yeah, don't go to Walmart, but that's another story.
Let me tell you, I was at an anime nexus weekend, and my friend cosplayed Little Mac, and he
said he was gonna walk around with a chain with all these Amiibos, I'm like, you do
realize someone's gonna snuff you, you do realize someone's gonna jack you.
I can't help you.
Because the thirst for those Amiibos is real.
It is real.
I feel like every week this show is turning into the Amiibo show, and I'm-
As Nintendo would like it to be.
I'm worried that this is, like, this is the game industry's future, because we're all
obsessed with these little fuckers.
No, we used to talk about Skylanders and Disneyfinity shit before, we'll eventually get tired of
it, eventually we'll be like, okay, listen, I can't talk about every fucking time they
announce a new character for Amiibos, no one gives a shit anymore.
That's true, there came a point where it's like, okay, we can't talk about Skylanders
anymore.
Or Rock Band songs, like, when they were used to announcing Rock Band DLC, it's like, okay,
we can't report on this every fucking week, because there is a new song every fucking
week.
Fair enough.
Fair enough.
So, Rama, you will cut a bitch for a Ryu Amiibo.
That's right.
I'm right there with you, and then, I swear to God, if somehow there's some type of street
fighter Wii U game, and then they start giving us other fighters, like Chun-Li, Cammy, it's
over.
Shown up.
Why can't I, can I get my Ryu on in Mario Kart 8, or something like that?
Can we get some Mario Kart 8 themed DLC?
You never know.
We got the Mega Man outfit for the kart.
Or, like, can we get, like, I wanna see some more, like, I'm glad that they have all those
cross, well, and the other thing that only some Amiibos work with some games is fucking
stupid too, but I'm saying, you know, why can't we just have, like, maybe all of them
work with all games, you know, if you patch that shit in later, if you're gonna put out
a game, you know.
Well, with, to be fair, with as many of these little fuckers that are coming out, it's gonna
be hard, like, for your game to support every single Amiibo.
Whoa!
You're saying that they have too many for the games that they have out there?
Yes, yes I am.
Then maybe they should stop fucking producing them.
That's an idea.
Alright.
Rama, did you just call in to talk about your love of Ryu Amiibo, or do you have any other
thoughts you wanna share with us tonight?
No!
I had a couple more things, but you know, when Loki is ranting, it's like hearing the
preacher talking, like, preach, you know?
I'm reminded of a scene from Orange is the New Black, but I don't wanna spoil anything,
so I'll just leave it there, but you know I got made to marathon it yesterday.
That's a meme, just so you know.
Is it?
Okay, real quick, the whole partnership with Oculus and Xbox, I'm not surprised since both
companies are owned by one, I'm not surprised, not owned, but more or less, you know what
I'm saying.
What, Facebook and Microsoft are in bed together, is that what you're saying?
Well, we all know that Microsoft has a nice, sizable interest investment in Facebook, and
if you haven't realized, as Facebook is doing their physical changes, it kinda looks like
a modern MSN or Windows 10 layout per se, so I'm not surprised by that.
Facebook competes with Microsoft in some spaces, such as like, you know, Skype, like what we're
using right now, Facebook would far prefer that we use their integrated messaging program.
I don't think that they're actually partnering with them in that sense, I just think that
they didn't wanna fuckin' design a controller, I mean, aside from the Oculus Touch, which
is a stupid name, I must admit, but I mean, honestly, the Xbox 360 controller works awesome.
I was using an Xbox 360 controller on my laptop until it broke, and then I realized,
hey, guess what, I can sync up my PlayStation 4 controllers to it, it works just like the
Xbox 360 one.
When you strip out all the tinfoil hat and all these conspiracy theories about what are
these two companies doing in bed together, to be honest, the Xbox 360, or the one controller,
I mean, I'm kinda using these terms interchangeably, it really is like the definitive PC gamepad,
and I realize there's hundreds of different gamepads you can get out there, but there's
so many games out there that will just recognize a 360 or a one controller, and they just work.
Even Final Fantasy XIV, you can tell that this game, they pitched it for 360 and the
one, because when you plug in that controller, Final Fantasy XIV will change all the icons
to an Xbox controller.
Well, it's just that most games utilize that now, and it's not to say that it's the best
controller, but I think for PC, it is the best controller, I mean, what other competitors
are out there.
Please, don't tell me that the Steam controller is a fucking contender here, it's not, I mean,
they're gonna try to make that shit work, but I just don't see it happening.
So if, I mean, and if Oculus is trying to level set the experience, which is something
that like Morpheus on the Sony side doesn't have to deal with, but if Oculus is trying
to level set the experience, saying, you know, you need a computer that's at least X level,
and at least they're kinda level setting, okay, this is the controller that we anticipate
is gonna be in everybody's hand, because, you know, when your vision senses are 100%,
and your audio senses, if you're doing it right, are 100% taken over by the Oculus experience,
then, you know what, your touch might as well all be consistent as well, so, I don't know.
Just a thought.
Anything else you wanna get out there, Ama?
My last thing, I've been getting heat from some friends about Bethesda, because, look,
I don't like them, I've tried the Fallout series, didn't like it, thought it was crap.
When I discovered they had Wolfenstein, I held my breath, I'm like, I don't know.
Because I kept, when I listen to you guys, I have other friends, we're talking about
Elder Scrolls, and Skyrim, and all the bugs and the issues, I'm just like.
That's what makes it great.
It's so buggy sometimes.
Like, today I was playing it, and all of a sudden, like, I was walking, I saw this hunter
in front of me, and she pulled out her bow, I'm like, what the fuck's going on?
All of a sudden, fire rained from the sky, and she died, I'm like, oh, hey, there's a
dragon up there.
I didn't even hear that dragon, and I shot the dragon, and it's bones rag-dolled crazily
down the hill, because their rag-doll controls aren't very good.
Acteft in chat says, the bugs are features.
Well, those are features I don't want in Wolfenstein, which is why I should, because I said this,
if I pick up Wolfenstein, and I like it, and it's not buggy, and it's not chaotic, I'll
get Doom.
And I find myself screaming at the game, because Bethesda can't get stuff done, right?
I'm like, I will just wait until Doom becomes a budget title.
Well, the best part about buying Wolfenstein, I'm not sure if we're outside the window or
not, but if you buy Wolfenstein, you do get a Doom beta entry.
I was gonna say, though, but you've gotta pick it up on PC, too, because I have the,
like, you know, the Steam Workshop integrations, fantastic, and so, like, for example, my game
that I'm playing right now, I have the Saints Row Dubstep Gun spell, and it's awesome.
Are you throwing things in this house?
Yes, I'm throwing things.
Rama, we're gonna let you go to try to squeeze in one more call, but Anime Jam Session, you
have that lucky Tuesday night slot where you're gonna be right after all this E3 stuff, so
I can't imagine you won't be dipping into video games at least a little bit this week
on Anime Jam Session, yeah?
No, we are, we just came back from Anime Next, so we got so much cover, and the big, big
controversy because so many of the fans are pissed that the convention is moving to Atlantic
City.
Oh, yeah, I heard there's a lot of stuff going on.
Wow, when there's enough drama in your fandom, you don't got time for E3.
Well, did you see the screenshot from what, I think, one of the titles that, you know,
kind of the shocking announcement was, like, Platinum Games is doing a new Transformers
game.
Did you see the screenshot of that?
Where it looks like it's straight out of the fucking 80s cartoon, like, the way they shaded
everything.
It's awesome.
Nice.
I don't know.
Alright.
Rob, let me just say this, let me get out of here.
When you talk about the fandom and the drama and all that, and my fandoms, this is all
I gotta say.
Girl, please.
You have no idea, brah.
Trust no bitch.
Exactly!
Alright, let me tell you, Magfest, we're gonna have some drinks, and I'm gonna tell you some
stories, okay?
Okay!
Everything, I tell you, this is the reason why I watch RuPaul's Drag Race.
It's not, it's not a gay thing.
It's not a, it's a life thing, people.
There's so much advice.
Anyway, another week, another week.
Alright, take care, my friend.
You too.
Bye.
1A77 game, OLR, or username on Skype, OrangeLaundry.
I'll try to squeeze in one quick call, if we have anybody else who wants to call in,
but otherwise we'll probably wrap things up here.
Any of these other stories you think we ought to mention here, Loki?
I just bought Fallout 3, game of the year edition.
Did you really, on Steam, just now?
Yeah.
Alright.
How much was it?
$11.99.
That's not bad.
That's not bad.
But I was actually hesitating, I was like, it's $11.99, and it's like, it's not like
purchasing a title.
Was it, but was it on...
It's 40%, no, it could go cheaper, or whatever.
I don't give a shit, it's like a dollar or something.
Can you do the refund thing, if it's tomorrow?
I could, but I'm, I don't care, it's not, at that point it doesn't matter.
Alright, last chance, guys, 1877 game OLR, username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
Let's see, I do want to mention this about the Arc System Works, apparently bought not
only the Double Dragon Rites this week, but River City Ransom, oh my god, does this mean
we could have like a crossover, or just the fact that River City Ransom could be making
a comeback?
That would be awesome.
Don't forget Arc System Works, they made Hardcore Uprising, that was just fucking Contra, straight
up, like that was a Contra game.
It was.
And it was great.
And if they're gonna remake River City Ransom like that, or reimagine or whatever the hell
you want to call it, I'm so in, that's gonna be a lot of fun.
So yeah, and if they somehow incorporate the Double Dragon universe into that too, amazing.
So totally down to see what happens with those guys.
Loki, one more before we close up shop?
Okay, let's see, let's go ahead and talk about this, I guess, oh, Bloodstained, that did
pretty well.
It was the most funded Kickstarter ever, I'm not sure if that's actually true, maybe most
funded game?
I think it's the most funded game, I think it still got beat by like Oculus and the Watch
thing.
Yeah, I was gonna say, even, fuck, I want to say, no, I want to say that stupid Ouya
out.
Yeah, the Ouya.
But anyways.
But this is the most funded, like, game software, I guess you could say.
Yes, so $4.2 million, it beat out, was it Tormund's Tides of, I have never heard of
that game.
But I guess that one got $4.1 million a few years ago.
Didn't they, I thought the Bloodstained thing ended up with like $5.5 million, it's crazy.
I thought it was even higher than that.
Let's take a look here real quick, because I don't trust our people.
Alright, take a peek while we get to this call, because they hit their last stretch
goal, which was $5.5 million, so I'm sure they got it.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawns Radio, who's this?
Yeah, what's up guys, this is Kaijuto.
Hey Kaijuto, what's up buddy?
Not much, I'm gonna keep this short, I just want to say, Bethesda completely won me over,
I had no interest in their press conference, I was saying to myself, that we asked for
Fallout 4, I've never been a Doom fan, so I mean, there was really nothing I thought
they were gonna offer me that was gonna sway me, but man, was that a great press conference.
I mean, it's probably one of the best I've seen in E3 in a long time, not even when they
brought out the new consoles, was I impressed.
Here's the $64,000 question, why?
Just every game they showed, that dynamic game engine, that everything that you can
do in Fallout, how everything is just like done on the fly, and just also the graphics,
I'm not really a graphics hoarder, but I mean, those games look beautiful, Doom, Fallout
4, Dishonored, even that indie game that they showed looked pretty good.
I mean, I was completely impressed and blown away by everything that they showed it, I
mean, they also had a lot of charisma that they put into the presentation that also made
it a lot of fun to watch too, and that app, I was so disappointed that it was only for
the iOS, because I have an Android, but that app is impressive as well, and when they mentioned
it was free, and there's no paywall, I mean, they just hit everything, everything they
said just sounded so freaking great and amazing.
It's probably coming to Android, but they probably just had an in with Apple where it
went live tonight.
Well, it's also, they're developing it for, you know, like a handful of Apple devices
versus the, you know, severely fragmented Android, you know.
Yeah, but there's still some standards in that.
I hope it comes out for Android, but the fact that he said that they, you know, they made
some close friendships or partnerships with Apple, I was just like, oh, I think this thing
is probably gonna be exclusive.
We'll see.
Which I don't get, which I'm, you know, that's one thing we'll get into another time, but
it just pisses me off how many people just want it.
Well, I guess I'll just have to push start and bring up my arm in the game as a menu
instead of, you know, launching my separate app on my phone that that app will eat through
my battery like a fucking, you know, cookie monster in a bowl of cookies.
They're talking about Tiny Tower Fallout Shelter, that's, that's, well that looks pretty cool
too.
Yeah, I see, but that's the one that's out.
But that one though, I'm hoping that they just port that shit over to like fucking Xbox
or PS3.
They did say in chat that is out now, so it came out in the past hour.
It's not out this minute, this minute, but they, they are rolling it out right now, which,
which was really great when you said that it was just like, yeah, they, I mean, they,
they did an impressive show.
You know what?
I will say this, you know, especially considering that they didn't really have any like triple
A like talent, like celebrities basically on set.
I mean, obviously talented game developers, certainly, but they didn't have it.
They didn't pull any celebrity stunts really.
I mean, one card.
They had Adam Seskler and Morgan Webber.
I don't even know.
I mean, yes, they're gaming celebrities, but I'm talking about like, there was no Joel
McHale, Esha Tyler, those types of things, right?
And they weren't on stage either.
They did the pre and the post show, they weren't on stage.
So I mean, I would argue that, you know, especially for a first year E3 show, they did a really
good job and no real technical hiccups except, you know, the one yesterday that ruined one
of the surprises, but okay, if that's, if that's going to be their hiccup, then so
be it.
So, yeah.
And weren't they late too or something?
Cause I thought it was supposed to start at like nine Eastern time and they didn't start
till way late, but I don't know if I got my time.
Their pre-show with Morgan and all that started a little earlier.
The conference was always supposed to be seven Pacific, 10 Eastern, but they had started
a little pre-show, but we didn't acknowledge it cause we wanted you to stay with OLR until
it was ready to go.
So yeah.
All right.
Yeah.
I was.
Yeah.
Just great show.
All right.
I don't know.
I think, I don't even think they should do a press conference next year.
Like this year was so good.
I think they should just wait until they have another blockbuster game, like the next elder
scrolls or whatever, and then do one.
Just don't bother.
Cause you're not going to be able to live up to what you did tonight.
One and done.
Well, that might be the case, sir, because last year they only had two games to show.
This is just a different year.
Now they have more happening.
So, all right, my friend, I'm gonna let you go so we can wrap up.
Have a good night.
Later.
All right.
Later.
All right.
Well, believe it or not, I know it seems like it was a really short night tonight on the
podcast for those of you listening midweek, although, you know, even there might even
be less of you during the week because a lot of you are going to be caught in with E3 excitement,
but it is about nine 30 on the West coast, meaning 30 after midnight on the East coast.
So we are going to go ahead and shut down OLR for the night.
I apologize.
I know we didn't get to a lot of our usual segments, which include a lot of the ways
that you guys interact with the show, including our mailbag, our frugal question of the week
and so forth.
We're going to make some tough decisions for time, but we will get back to all the
voices next week.
A big wrap up show next week.
I'm sure there will be lots of opinions on things we, we, things we don't know exist
today that we will in 24 hours.
Think about that.
We're 24 hours away from what we'll be talking about on OLR.
I just want you to see this real quick because platinum games is fucking fantastic, but look
at this shit.
Fucking look at that game.
Oh yeah.
Straight out of a cartoon.
That's going to be awesome.
I'm not even that excited about transformers games, especially after playing some of the
ones that activisions put out, but Hey, platinum games is awesome.
So you can't go wrong there.
All right.
Well, uh, dark Sakura sadly couldn't stick with us for the rest of the show tonight,
but I'm sure if she were here, her final thought would be something like reject false icons.
Uh, and um, thank you Bobby again for sitting in on the first half of the show with us.
Thank you to our live listeners who stuck with us tonight with all the weird oddities
tonight.
And thank you to everybody who listened on the podcast as well.
If you enjoyed orange light, if you didn't enjoy orange light, if you didn't enjoy orange
launch radio, just tell a friend or five about the show.
Help us spread the word because word of mouth is all we have.
Uh, and the more voices we get the better because we can all learn something from each
other as long as we can all not be jerks, which luckily we're very fortunate that, uh,
the oil army is very good at, uh, conducting themselves, uh, respectfully and respectful
of others.
So, uh, anyhow, getting final thoughts for the night.
Um, Loki, your final thoughts tonight?
I hope I'm done spending non steam stores, you know, steam sale cause, uh, you're not
I got to check my bank account, make sure I'm not spending too much.
I have been pretty good.
I, you know, it seems, it feels like I've been spending a lot, but I am a lot of times
when I do that, I, uh, or when I check with that, it's, I end up canceling when I have
in my cart.
I'm like, I don't really need that.
Uh, my final thought is I am so excited for final fantasy 14 heavens ward, um, this week.
And, um, I don't know how I can handle all this E3 stuff and then a new fucking expansion
to an MMO.
We all know what a fucking time sync those are.
I don't know how I'm going to be able to handle that all in one week.
Uh, and then my only other final thought would be, uh, I marathon sense eight this week,
the Netflix show that's by the Wachowski, uh, siblings.
And, um, I think they did it with Tom Twiker as well.
Uh, it was, it was really good.
A little slow to start.
Didn't like episode 10, but the rest of it.
Fantastic.
Great show.
You like the Wachowskis don't you?
I do like the Wachowskis.
You should check out the show.
You have Netflix?
Yeah.
You probably enjoy that show.
That's why I kept seeing you talking about Sense8.
I didn't know what it was about.
Um, it's, it's sci-fi a little bit.
And so at a very high level, I'm not going to say anything that you wouldn't read in
a TV guide.
It's basically eight people that all share sensations with each other and they're all
around the world.
So they're all kind of like connected.
I don't want to say they have the same brain, but they're all connected.
Like they can kind of feel each other's brain activity and stuff.
And that leads down this whole science fiction story type of path.
So, but not like if you're looking for like special effects, craziness, like the matrix,
you're not going to get that here.
It's a TV show.
There's a few car chases and things like that.
That's it.
Sure.
All right.
Anyway, that's it.
We're done.
We're out of here for the night.
Thank you guys again for listening to the show and we will see you in seven days where
we will all be exhausted, but ready to talk about E3.
Have a great night, everybody.
See you next week.
Bye.
Bye.
