Hyperkin has been around since shortly after the era of all third-party accessory manufacturers being known as the little sibling's favorite controller maker, and now they're setting the music game scene on fire with the HyperStrummer, a new guitar for the Nintendo Wii?
Hyperkin is known for its mini retro consoles and accessories, but apparently they're returning to their own roots, updating something that came out around the time their company was established.
New year, new Wii peripheral.
Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you more about this and the rest of the week's gaming news.
Starting right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice...
Hello, my friends out there on the internet.
Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio live once again tonight, episode number 1031 of our show for tonight, January the 12th of 2025.
My name is Rob Roberts, and I'm here with you each and every Sunday night at 9 o'clock Eastern, 6 o'clock
Hello, how are you doing tonight?
Oh, pretty good.
I noticed the game that you are having played behind you as we are broadcasting live on Twitch tonight.
You have a little crazy taxi going on.
Is this does this have to do with the whole GameStop Quick Marathon and their little live band running thing that they did?
Oh, I was just tracking my DoorDash order.
That's all.
I'm just watching what's going on.
Oh, here I thought you were making a timely reference.
No, I am.
That's what made me think of it.
Okay, okay.
I saw a little bit of the marathon.
I actually saw when they hit a million during the marathon because they were actually running... Y'all know I love music games and this show exists because of music games.
I wasn't planning on watching the Chunathan run, but I just happened to tune in at the right time and that's when they hit a million dollars.
Have you seen this game, Loki?
The Sega Chunathan?
It's like...
How do I describe it?
Because it's got like a touchpad, so it looks like maybe like a keyboard, but not like an actual like piano keyboard.
So it's got like a little touchpad, but then there's, it actually does like the, and I don't even want to call it para para thing, but it does like where you lift up your hand and there's actually sensors that tell when you lift your hand up.
So you're making these motions where you're like doing this and crosses and all this stuff.
And obviously during a big marathon like that, it's just all the insane shit in that game.
hitting it once in that, which, you know, you can't read those charts.
But I've played, a friend of mine actually has a machine in his house.
And so I've played the smaller, easier levels of that game, but it's fun.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
We're celebrating our affiliate anniversary here at the Voice Geeks Network.
Whatever that means on Twitch, they let you have party hats in your chat on your Twitch affiliate anniversary.
Technically, the channel started in December of 2018.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
So many followers, which thanks to having a presence on Shoutcast and other networks before that, it was pretty easy to hit that relatively fast.
We just had to kind of do a few extra streams like during the week to hit the minimum.
But thanks to all your support, we were able to hit affiliate pretty quick.
But yeah, we're celebrating, I guess, as an affiliate, that would be what?
Seven years?
No, six years?
Six years tonight.
So what is math?
Um, but the reason why I bring all this up is because, you know, when we first made the pivot to video, which is a big learning experience for us because, you know, we were radio for so long.
So we weren't used to things like, you know, looking at the camera or realizing people could see what we were just like completely multitasking and doing other stuff.
You know, we had to get used to some of that type of thing.
And then also just the environment of the studio in the house.
And one of the
and DarkSakura.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Mr. Smush, we actually rescued at three or four years old.
He was fending for himself in an apartment complex, and that's one of the great questions of my life will always be, what happened to Smush before we found him?
Because I can't believe somebody would let this cat go.
Sure, he had some... I mean, maybe if he was being bred for shows, as a lot of exotics are, he came out a little...
Incorrect, you know, in the genetics department.
But that's what made him adorable.
We loved him.
And, you know, so he was abandoned.
But this was about a month after we had let our cat Sanrio go when she was about 17.
Some of you that have been listening a long, long time might remember hearing of Sanrio, our other cat.
She was 17 and we had to let her go.
And then it was probably about a month.
And then a friend of mine said,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
And I was actually being encouraged at some point to create a Reddit for Mr. Smoosh, but I was like, I don't know what, why would I create a Reddit for my cat?
Like it never really clicked for me.
So I was like, I'll make an Instagram, which probably isn't what they wanted.
But, you know, it allowed them to keep tabs on Mr. Smoosh and all that good stuff.
And of course, we're very thankful being able to, you know, have the cat for as long as we did, which, you know, he was estimated to be about three, four years when we got him.
and then um we had him for seven years and you know he would have been about 10 or 11 and those kidney failure I talked about from last April it just started to get really bad and we noticed especially in the past couple weeks like since the holidays just he was losing a lot of weight he'd already was pretty skinny um he wasn't really eating as much he was just you know and you know how it goes so we took him into the vet and the vet did the labs and said look um it's time
and so we had to do that and obviously it was very very hard but he was able to go in Alan's lap I was right there looking at him when everything happened and that is that so obviously it's you know it's sad thank you and I see I see a lot of love in the chat
Yeah, Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, we had a long warning for my cat pixel as well because it didn't make the day or week later any easier.
It's very that.
And actually, I was actually kind of thinking of you and your situation because it was that similar thing where it was kind of like we knew we had one more night.
and that was probably going to be it so you know we were able to like mentally prepare so it it's had a toll on us don't get me wrong I'm holding it together tonight but um it was a lot easier when it wasn't as sudden you know we've had time to sort of mentally prepare that every day really was a gift and thank you as well for all the kind words and chat I really appreciate it yeah we tried to give him the best life we could but he you have to remember this that was our pandemic cat
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and we don't know.
Apparently it's also not every cat will do it.
Alan seems to think that Cheddar could probably smell that things were off with Mr. Smush and maybe has kind of figured it out.
We also kind of know that Cheddar has always been more of an anxious and shy cat and it's really funny.
Y'all didn't really get to see this but Mr. Smush was the one that was a bully.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Nothing until that part, at least.
And so we have plenty of months to really dedicate to taking care of a new cat or whatever we decide to do.
We don't know.
We're talking about a lot of options, but obviously it's still hard to think about
A new cat.
Any of you pet owners have been there.
You don't want to replace your pet because your pets can't be replaced, but you want to move on in your heart because there's space in your heart.
So it's all of those emotions we're going through right now and we'll get there, but it'll be a little closer to the end of the month.
Anyway, thank you all for...
Listening to that, I know that's not the most exciting topic in the world, but I wanted to get that off my chest.
And just so all of you are aware, because you all have sent so much love to our cats over the years, not just here on Orange Launch Radio, but in the personal streams that I've done and Alan has done over the years.
If you've watched them, you probably saw the cat at some point.
So just sending all the love right back at y'all.
Thank you so much.
I really appreciate it.
Video games, of course.
That's what we do here at Orange Lounge Radio.
Let's get into our kickoff topic tonight.
Oops, I didn't address DarkSakura's absence, did I?
I'm sorry, I went right into Mr. Smush.
I forgot to talk about DarkSakura.
Everything's fine, except DarkSakura's just sick tonight.
She wasn't able to make tonight's show, so they're taking the night off to rest up and feel better.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Everything, because they see that as an opportunity to make more money and have more potential customers that you can approach.
Xbox doesn't necessarily have to be just the Xbox platform.
And so now, there are some... This is a box.
This is a Xbox.
This is... I'm referring to the marketing campaign.
That whole new thing they're trying to do.
Which is... It's weird, but I guess it gets the message across.
I don't think the average buyer...
I really don't.
But anyway, that's another.
No.
And considering.
Yeah, it's I don't think they understand nor care at this point.
Like, I would say the best option for some of that stuff would be like, hey, this is like a Netflix and Netflix can be on everything, you know, like that.
That'd be kind of the way they approach their cloud streaming, I think.
But.
along with that though apparently according to a gaming insider the Halo the Master Chief collection is slated to come to the PlayStation 5 and Switch 2 this year that they are already planning on porting that over which that makes sense it's an older game at this point you know so that game's
Not a new game, but it is definitely like an Xbox catalog title.
That would still be the equivalent of Nintendo allowing Zelda Breath of the Wild on PlayStation, which was Snowball's chance in hell, right?
But that's kind of the equivalent.
It's one of their biggest catalog titles, even if it's what, like eight years old at this point, you know?
yeah he says uh so games i have heard that will be released multi-platform in 2025 and beyond uh of course obviously it's going to include flight simulator will come to playstation 5 and switch 2 and then they mentioned the halo master that game needs a second chance as well it botched its original launch that game needs a second chance so good on them i guess
Yeah, and then it says Microsoft will be a big supporter of Nintendo's new system in its first year with other ports as well.
That isn't surprising.
Ori coming out on that.
Sea of Thieves, that was on my predictions list for last year when we thought we'd get the Switch 2 last year.
Sea of Thieves seems like a must for the Switch.
I think that would be such a good title.
Well, they already said, yeah, they're bringing that.
Okay, well, there you go.
So, yeah, so it's... Yeah, not too much of a surprise that they'll be... Yeah, so Sea of Thieves, Hi-Fi Rush, Pentament, and Grounded were the four.
Okay, that's great.
Okay.
and then of course along with that Microsoft is looking to maybe develop a handheld system and right now it says they are working or you know back in November Phil Spencer had said they are working on a gaming handheld device but it's years out they said I don't know why it's years out when you have the Steam Deck I mean there's lots of iterations coming with that type of thing um
Yeah, I'd be curious what it is they're doing that necessitates a few years of incubation.
That sort of kind of implies that there's some type of tech in there that's not out today or something.
Yeah, I don't know.
I don't know to what extent you do with that, but we'll see when we see.
Apparently, Jason Ronald, who has spoken to The Verge, he is the VP of Next Generation, is after a roundtable called The Future of Gaming Handhelds, where he suggested that Microsoft could create less of a handheld Xbox but more of a handheld PC offering with an Xbox-like experience.
Once again, though, if you're going to spend years to do what the Steam Deck has already done and probably better...
That's just the Windows phone all over again.
Come on, Microsoft.
You gotta step it up if you're gonna be trying to compete in that space.
Which, honestly, I don't think you really should.
Probably you should just get in bed with Steam and Asus or whomever are putting out these handhelds and say, hey, can you put our streaming platform as one of your install apps on there?
Pre-installed in there so you have access to it or something and throw in like
6 months of the service or something like that I think that would be a better value proposition than developing your own handheld which will probably get outdated pretty quick I'm not sure nowadays originally the Surface tablets are pretty nice and I think the Surface laptops are somewhat competitive but I don't know what they are in the current landscape of handheld and tablet devices if there are any
I don't know It'd be interesting to see what comes of that
Yeah, I'm very curious to see where Microsoft's kind of direction takes them this year, too.
Kind of, you know, freeing themselves from just like, you know, a big console manufacturer being that and these other things, too.
It could be very interesting.
I'm going to our chat at twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
S2100Matt says, I do think there is a more than 0% chance of a Game Pass app on Switch 2.
I doubt it, but it's not zero.
I'm with you that it's non-zero.
It's not impossible, but...
This is going to be the Nintendo Online type thing.
Well, here's the big problem with that.
And I think this is the complication.
Think about where Game Pass is really successful right now because a lot of games keep disappearing from the app.
But Game Pass gets really successful with a lot of indie games and smaller games.
The problem is many of those games are also for sale on the Switch.
So to have a Game Pass app where you'll be able to play those games by paying Microsoft...
to play those games for free kind of actively takes money out of Nintendo's pocket.
Now, there could be some type of licensing agreement.
I mean, because maybe Microsoft is willing to pay Nintendo a pretty penny because it would attract more Game Pass subscribers.
So maybe, you know, maybe Microsoft's open to paying a lot of money to make that happen.
And that's why we say it's non-zero, right?
Or the other could be that it's just your Game Pass selections on Switch would be limited, which isn't completely...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
could be very good on Nintendo so like maybe they're selling cloud access only but they don't do local installs of the games so if you want to play the Nintendo games when you're not attached to a wi-fi when you're on the train on a plane on a bus whatever uh you can you can you'll have to download the game from Nintendo's eShop to play the game outside of the cloud I think that could be that could sort of be like maybe that little medium a cloud player on the Switch
but we'll see I mean again this is a lot of admittedly a lot of fan wank and speculation we don't have a lot to go off of but we do see certainly Microsoft probably wants to do it I think we all can agree Microsoft wants to do it now the question is is Nintendo gonna what does Nintendo get out of this and if it's that kind of system where it's the cloud only and maybe Nintendo generates some sales or Microsoft pays them a fuck ton of money then Nintendo gets something out of it it'll be interesting
It's going to be a fun year with all these announcements.
It's just a question of when do we start getting announcements?
The Switch 2 and all of that, there was a part of me that expected we might hear about it this last week.
I would say if we don't hear about it next week, then that console's not out till the holiday.
Like September type of thing.
I mean, Nintendo could always surprise me.
I might end up eating these words later on.
Nintendo runs on their own rules.
But I'm just, I'm a little bit surprised Nintendo would not want to have it out for the fiscal year.
And I realized their commitment was the announcement will be in the fiscal year.
but I'm just a little surprised similar to the original Switch you wouldn't put it out in March like March 1st, March 3rd, whatever to get that launch sales on your books for the fiscal year I'm a little surprised Nintendo wouldn't do that but they must truly feel they are not ready with the games or something
No, I mean, I still think that they're going to do it because the Switch has slowed down.
I think the sales on that have slowed down pretty massively.
I can't imagine that they would just let it sit for another, even another six months beyond where we're like,
Picturing it to be like, what else would be coming out?
Like, I just can't imagine much of anything.
I know.
We know.
The thing is, we know Prime 4 is coming.
Legend C3 is coming.
Is it coming, though, for the Switch?
Because those pre-orders got canceled.
So tech.
Oh, I didn't hear about that part.
Well, that was just an Amazon thing.
A year's old.
We'll get to that.
But yeah.
They really only announced those titles for Switch.
We are all assuming, we're making a jump because we know the games will be backwards compatible on Switch 2.
We are assuming they will play better, play differently, have something like the Advanced Dungeon in Zelda Oracle Seasons, Oracle Ages, that type of... We are assuming there is... But...
Technically, we don't know.
And all we know is that Pokemon Legends ZA is Switch.
Metroid Prime 4 is Switch.
So they do have games.
But I, Loki, I too would be very surprised if they try to ride the current Switch wave all the way to holiday.
That's just a long wave.
That's too long, I think.
For what?
Like...
Nobody in the history of ever has said, oh, the system was delayed too much.
I'm not going to buy it.
You know, I mean, right.
And maybe if I just can't imagine, though, that we're just going to make the software to justify it.
Right.
We're going to see.
I can't imagine that we see all these peripherals and things that are coming out.
and they're getting ready for it now.
You would think that would be something that they wouldn't get that ready this early.
The intensification of the leaks and everything that happened at CES and all that stuff, the intensification of all that is why I'm saying, okay, I would legit be surprised if it's not announced next week.
because it's just all the smoke the smoke is smoking and so now it's time to show the fire right I just to have us wait all the way until March at this point for a I don't fucking know summer release or something um that that just would really surprise me with all of the intense leaks and you know stuff about third party stuff that's out there now
Yeah.
Yeah.
The Switch also reinvented the rules completely, so who's to say Nintendo can't invent them again?
But the Switch announcement was two weeks after the holidays.
And to be fair, just because it is set for maybe the 17th doesn't mean that it can't change.
And so they may have heard that data at some point, but who knows?
I don't know.
We'll wait and see.
They'll announce it when they're going to announce it.
And it'll be like, oh, wow, that's exactly what we saw.
It'll happen when it happens, but...
The chance of maybe a midweek VOG Network special covering a sudden press announcement is also non-zero, so stay tuned, folks.
And if it does get announced this week, we obviously will spend a lot of time on next week's OLR talking about it, but I can't see where Bobby, myself, and whoever's available the day it's announced hop on a special and hammer it out.
And I mean...
Not to go too dark here.
Here we go.
You kind of have to announce it before all hell breaks loose.
Oh, no.
I was thinking the same thing.
It's best to capture that now before all the insane shit just about to happen.
If you want to be in the news, you probably should get it out there before January 20th.
Just saying, yeah.
It's probably safe.
You know the other big thing?
You know what else?
So let's make believe.
Trust me, bro.
Guy is right.
And it's January 17th.
Which, by the way, I also agree a Friday announcement makes no sense.
If it is that, it's January 17th in Japan, but it's January 16th here.
I'll go that far to say it.
But again, trust me, bro, right?
But I also think the other headline they're going to have to worry about is TikTok's imminent
Judgment coming in on if it gets banned for sure or not Because that probably won't come in until later in the week And then everybody's going to know Either TikTok is done or TikTok is going to be around I think if it survives this ban, it's going to be around forever at this point So it's going to be very interesting to see what happens on that front Boy, that's a whole other thing That's a whole other rabbit hole we could go down someday Because all the bullshit that's going on at Meta this week There's a lot of people that are like
The fuck are we supposed to do when TikTok goes?
We're going to go to Instagram reels?
I think the fuck not, after what Zuckerberg's been pulling this week.
It's just, everybody, it's Mask Off Mondays.
It's starting on January 20th.
Take those masks off and do all the hate crimes.
Seriously, it's disgusting.
And I deleted the Facebook app off my phone.
I didn't delete Facebook.
I will say this.
It's a real reality check on how much we are tied to social media apps in certain ways because you may use Facebook as your third-party login for certain things.
Keep that in mind.
Be mindful of that if you're going to delete your Facebook.
You need to know which apps – and you can see that, I think, through your connected apps on Facebook.
Be very mindful if you're going to throw Facebook away, which I wouldn't blame anyone for doing.
I think it's a little harder.
Like for me, again, so much event – I know what I do here on OLR.
I'm able to announce that stuff on Blue Sky and stuff and do fairly well.
But like the live event hosting I do, I think a lot of you know I host –
I can't just throw it away and lose all that promotion because Zuckerberg is a bitch.
But does it have me thinking about, well, what can I do?
Can I delete the app off my phone?
Yeah, I can do that and just stick to using the web.
But I think a lot of us are thinking like fucking LiveJournal came and went.
Friendster came and went.
And yes, I realize all of these things may exist in some shell of its former self, but you all know what I mean.
So LiveJournal came and went.
Friendster came and went.
MySpace came and went.
A lot of these websites came and went.
Why?
won't Facebook die?
And I know the answer has to do with because they buy up their competitions, exactly what's happening in the VR space.
They buy up their competition, take it over, and then there's no competition or whatever.
But anyway, what I hope happens...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
We have a little extra space tonight.
The news is a little bit light.
There's only two of us.
So I read this article online that was called The Enshitification of Blue Sky That's Incoming.
And I felt that this article completely missed how Blue Sky was fucking built.
Because it was talking about, at some point, Blue Sky is going to have to make money.
And that means they're going to have to sell ads.
And everything's going to go to shit, just like it does on every other platform.
But to me, that article missed a very key part of Blue Sky.
BlueSky was built and founded to get around that.
BlueSky is built on something else called the At Protocol, which in theory is a little bit more for what Mastodon is kind of built on, is the Mastodon Protocol and that whole thing.
So the way that BlueSky... BlueSky and Mastodon are actually not that unalike.
It's just the place that BlueSky succeeded is that BlueSky coming out the gate...
kind of set their thing as the default for the app protocol.
And, you know, everybody, you know, has their feeds on that.
And so it didn't feel like Mastodon where you had to explain what is an instance and all this stuff, you know, and eventually Mastodon finally kind of made that different where in their own app, you default to Mastodon social.
But I think they kind of did that too late.
Blue Sky already had the narrative at that point.
Yeah.
Yeah I didn't understand the whole Mastodon thing when I tried to figure it out.
A TikTok competitor on that app protocol.
It's just, it's a lot easier said than done.
I sit here and go, voila, you make TikTok on app protocol.
Yeah, bitch, that's going to take years of development.
That's not like even Blue Sky.
I think everybody knows Blue Sky wasn't really ready for primetime.
It's just that it became a thing of necessity for very many people.
But everybody knows the problem Blue Sky has right now, such as they don't have the images and the DMs.
You can't really have private accounts because
App Protocol wasn't built to be that.
You have to understand why was App Protocol spun off from Twitter?
Because Twitter was getting these government notices and the government takedowns and they were supposed to be hiding things from the government.
And the whole reason why Jack funded this App Protocol and Blue Sky thing in the first place was that they wanted a social media system that truly lived in the cloud so that nobody could ever shut it down.
And that's the whole thing.
When they talk about, oh, Blue Sky is going to go to shit because it's going to have ads and all of this stuff, the main Blue Sky client might.
But guess what?
App Protocol was built to be portable.
You would be able to move your account from one place to another just like that.
And all of your posts, all of your identity and all of that would move with you because Blue Sky doesn't own it.
It's the App Protocol in the cloud.
That is my understanding of it.
I'm sure some of you that are more into following this than I am will –
Correct me on a few things, but I think generally my point is Blue Sky is set up in a different way because it's set up to be Elon Musk proof, essentially.
Nobody can come in and buy, well, you could buy Blue Sky, but you can't buy App Protocol.
That's the difference.
So if a shitlord came in and bought Blue Sky and we all decided we're over it, we'd pack up and move to another App Protocol instance.
That's what makes Blue Sky at its core different.
And that could also go for, you know, I'm sorry, very long-winded, but how to get around this TikTok ban.
If there was a TikTok or an Instagram competitor that was built on app protocol, then same thing.
You would be able to have those posts and move them with you and it would live somewhere else and all of that.
So it's...
We'll see what develops in that whole thing.
Let's see.
I'm looking at chat here over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
Tiger Class says, Blue Sky right now seems to have a bot problem because you get followed by a lot of these bot accounts.
That's a perfect example of the problem they're having right now where they're growing and maybe they weren't ready for primetime, but they kind of had to be.
and you see if you follow one of the developers there's actually custom feeds again the best part of Blue Sky there is a Blue Sky team custom feed I'm actually not sure if Paul Frazzi is on there but he's like the chief technical officer and if you actually look at his account which I think is pfrazzi.com somebody in chat will post it
But he actually posts updates.
He's very transparent with that type of thing.
And he's got a sense of humor.
He's, I think, a millennial that has that kind of sense of humor.
He was making updates like, I think we've won the battle against the bots, but we haven't won the war just yet.
We're still working on it.
So they're trying.
But Blue Sky is literally a team of 20 people.
and yeah and at least with the bots so you can just block them and that's it it's annoying but it's not ultimately harming you you know no and usually when I see new followers like I will go and look at their profile and see oh yeah this one look it it's made to look like somebody that's you know has a GoFundMe and they're begging for nope bye you know sorry you know it's just
Here's what Blue Sky did do as a short-term fix.
If you get annoyed by those follower notifications and all that stuff, you may not know it, but in your notifications tab on Blue Sky, there is a second tab now that only shows you replies.
So it filters out all the follow notices.
So if you are getting annoyed by the PornBot follow notices, just default to your replies tab.
Now, unfortunately, you won't see real people that follow you, so that is kind of a...
you know, Slippery Slope but it might at least maybe until they win the battle against the bots then maybe hopefully that'll all you know, filter out but we'll see we'll see so
Okay, anyway, sorry for the tangent, but let's be real.
You might say, Rob, you spent 15 minutes talking about something that has nothing to do with video games.
But this is video game culture.
This is video game announcements.
This is how news is going to spread about the Switch 2 and future platforms.
Social media is fucking important on how games live or die.
How do games go viral?
How does a Minecraft get the traction that it does?
How does a Five Nights at Freddy's?
You know the new one that's going viral, at least on my TikTok feed?
Fuck, I can't remember the name of it.
Somebody in chat hopefully knows the name.
Again, I'm sorry to always rely on chat.
Garden of Banban?
No, it's the one, okay, it's the, it's a survival horror game, but you play a child and it's the parents that are mad at you.
They're pissed at you because you got an F in something.
And they're like, they, they, no, yeah, they're like, you're hiding in the closet and the parents like, I told you to clean your room.
It's, it's actually like, it can be super triggering for some people, I'm sure.
But, um, that's, I kind of think what makes the game sort of brilliant.
uh kind of damn it i wish i knew the name of the game i thought it was school boy something uh survival horror game parents what was the name of this disturbing horrible game where you have again yes this is it school boy sorry i'm bringing up a youtube uh school boy run away that's the game
that game looks fucking psycho so I that that's and that's at least on my TikTok maybe it's because I've watched one too many videos on it right now because there's like an ending that is can I can I talk about the ending I'm gonna because I've seen on TikTok if you don't want to hear about the ending to this game then fast forward a minute
there's a sequence in the basement you get teleported so when you get far enough from the house and you get teleported you get teleported randomly to this basement in this home and then you see as you're walking around you're like why am I here randomly and you see this giant squid monster and as soon as the squid monster sees you you hear the boy cry out mommy and it's like really disturbing and then the squid monster chases you and kills you
and it's this whole very like it was Cthulhu all along but it's this whole fucked up thing where it was like even though he was running away from her he called out her name in the end and it's like one of those like oh my god this game is like fucked beyond belief so anyway that's just that game like totally caught my attention I was like ooh this is wild so yeah
but yeah it's things like that that you know again I would not know of that game if it wasn't for TikTok and social media and that whole type of thing so Bobby Blackwolf says it didn't go viral enough because you don't remember the game I remember the game I just don't remember the name and that's my that's an age problem
Alright, let's get into a segment we do pretty regularly here on the show called How Was Your Gaming Week?
And we're going to talk about the types of video games that we have been playing this week.
Loki, I'm going to start off with you.
Well, this week has been rebuilding, basically building the whole water ride on our survival server.
So like a lot of times what I'll do with stuff is I design it on our creative server because it allows me to iterate much faster over the course of however long.
And then, of course, we recreate it in survival after I've gathered all the blocks.
So it was a half a million block build.
um and I'm still adding details to it but like I really hustled to get that all done because once again in the season already um pretty much to the end of this month is when I have to have everything done in the build which it's getting there it's it's almost there I'm just adding more details I'm probably going to finish up um this last section of the park that
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
and DarkSakura.
had commissioned music from a guy on Fiverr for the ride, but it just doesn't fit at all.
I feel that even though he said English fluent, he just wasn't quite 100% English fluent and just was confused by what I wanted.
It's a good country song, or two country songs, but it's not what I asked for.
But I'll reuse those later on.
I did find some...
Funny enough, in the YouTube Music Library, some banjo music that works perfectly for what I wanted to do.
And that would have cost me nothing.
So yeah, I'm hoping to get this all done, and hopefully get... I mean, I'm trying to get... I originally was going to plan on doing two more episodes, but it's probably just going to get lumped in the one.
One and done, and that's it.
No, I'm not even sure if I'm going to do a story finale.
I kind of touched story a little bit this season, but...
Honestly, I'm too busy to do it right now, and if I spent the time I did last season on the finale, I mean, that took a month alone just to do that, and I don't want to do that again.
I don't want to put myself through that stress.
It's just...
Not worth it.
But on the upside, though, this creator, Minecraft creator, goes by NewCurry, put out a top SMP worlds, or top worlds of 2024 list, and our server was number one.
So that was nice.
We made a top list.
It's not a huge sizable creator, like 15,000 subs or whatever, but still nice to be shouted out again.
Great.
Good for you.
All right, Mike.
Oh, and now Bolaltro, of course.
Of course, of course.
My gaming week was a little slower because of everything I talked about at the beginning of the show.
You can understand games were not at the front of my mind, but I was able to play a little bit.
I hung out with a friend last night, and we were playing with Steam Decks in the same room.
We were like, oh, we can play like a multiplayer game on our Steam Decks, and we played Scott Pilgrim vs. the World.
We were trying to look at what games do we both own that we could play.
So we were actually playing that game, which, God...
I just want to remind you, in case you forgot, which I don't think you maybe did, but just in case you forgot, the soundtrack to that game is so fucking good.
Go do yourself a favor and go listen to the Anamanaguchi music for Scott Pilgrim vs. the World, because it's so, so good, and probably the best part of that game, because
That game kind of annoys me how the NPCs will kind of hang on the very side of the screen.
They kind of do too much of that thing from the arcade.
But it's fun.
It was fun to play in the same room.
And I was playing a few other Steam Deck games.
I was playing Pac-Man Championship Edition and things like that.
And I also played a little bit of World of Warcraft.
I'm actually kind of finding my vibe in that game again.
I still love Final Fantasy XIV, but there's really nothing for me in that game right now.
I'm really waiting for...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
The War Within expansion is pretty good.
The game's in a decent place.
I really like the whole delve thing where you can do these dungeon-type experiences basically by yourself.
I think they did a good job with it.
And there's many different ways to gear up and feel like you're getting some of the best gear in the game without necessarily being an endgame raider.
I mean, you can get it really fast doing that and you get really, really good stuff, but you still feel progression doing other stuff too, which is pretty cool.
That's really it.
I don't know if I can really think of anything else during my gaming week, so...
unfortunately I still need to beat the Guardian Legend I'd hope to play that I was going to do it Tuesday night but everything else started happening so it is what it is I'll hopefully get to that this week and finishing the Guardian Legend and get on some other retro games too so all right let's get into some more gaming news Loki is gonna kick us off
Yes, we kind of alluded to it earlier when we were talking about the Switch 2 at CES.
The course had more Switch 2 leaks, I guess.
Those, of course, one of the major ones was from, I guess, Genki.
It was a third-party peripheral company who had some 3D models of a Switch system and had, you know...
I think they had a 3D video that were kind of showing how the Joy-Cons interacted with the console and whatnot.
But yeah, and along with that, not only were there leaks from that, but there's also leaks from GameStop as well, because guess what?
The Switch 2 SKU, it's in their system now, in their POS, so obviously it's coming.
So we'll have to see.
I'm sorry.
These aren't actually for the system.
This is for micro SD cards that are branded for Switch 2.
So that is something that's coming as well as more peripheral things.
It's all that smoke I was referring to earlier.
It's just intensifying too much for there not to be a relatively imminent announcement.
But again...
I'm not willing to bet money on it because nothing Nintendo does in the delay department and all that surprises me anymore and ultimately at the end of the day we're all still going to buy one if we can afford it now Nintendo has come out to comment on this though but what they commented was very vague in the sense that the gaming hardware that Genki is claiming to be the Nintendo hardware at CES is unofficial and was not provided to the company by Nintendo and
Right, but they have to make their accessories by specs.
They're not going to just make accessories for something that does not exist.
Like, I'm going to make an accessory for this fictional Atari console that's never going to be out.
Like, you know...
The rabble rabble of this thing, especially being at a trade show, and that's the key difference.
When people are doing these Nintendo rumors and shit on X and other social media, Nintendo just can go, well, the internet is internetting and it's the internet's – it's very easy to log on and lie, right?
Yeah.
But it's different when you are paying for a booth at the largest electronic trade show, I think, in the world, maybe in the country at least, and you're actively advertising these peripherals.
Like, Nintendo is sort of back to a quarter to comment in a different way.
Yeah.
Yeah, someone gave them the specs.
They aren't just, like, creating these peripherals out of thin air because they, like, think this is what it might look like.
you work with these companies and like I get it that you can't just say oh yes it's not a real switch that they had right it was a 3D mock-up that basically is the same size and shape it's just you have to have something to show how the peripherals go together they are taking a really big gamble
that their leak is correct so they can be first and by being at this trade show and getting in front of you know stores and things like that they want to be the peripherals that are on the shelves before everybody else rolls back their official announcements and since I am assuming this company is not under any sort of NDA with Nintendo because if they were holy shit that would be a problem that they don't have to wait that this whole thing is hedging their bets that this intel is right
so they can be first and get the shelf space commitment.
That is what it is.
I know there's a lot of talk about, oh, they just want to get their name out there, which is also working, let's be real.
But it's the shelf space.
It's a huge bet that their intel is good.
It's going to be right.
We'll see.
All right, moving on.
I'm sure you all are excited about Switch 2, but we don't have a lot more to say until they officially unveil it.
So let's talk a little bit about the Xbox Rewards Program.
You're grinning over there, Loki.
Oh, nothing.
I keep getting bugged by Xbox and the Rewards Program because every time I play Minecraft, apparently it's been accruing points for me on my account.
Oh.
and I haven't looked at it for years so I've got like a ton of stuff on there I guess for like a month of ultimate game passes and you can add it to your current subscriptions you just don't pay for a game pass for a month yeah spend those points don't let them go to waste
Yeah, so okay, well, if you have points or what have you.
So Microsoft made changes that weren't so popular to its rewards program, I want to say the middle of last year, but now we're getting kind of some revamps that I think are going to help some people out.
So, you know, when you log on and play Xbox games, as Loki does a lot with Minecraft, you get reward points.
And then hopefully you're claiming that.
I don't know if they're automatically credited.
You might have to claim them, Loki.
That might be a problem.
But anyway...
No, it's claimed.
I mean, obviously with the number of points I have, it's claimed, I think.
How many points?
Now I'm nosy.
Let me check.
Xbox.
So curious.
I have to know this before we move on with the story.
Hold on, hold on.
Where do I see the points?
Mine, when I'm logged into Windows, I can see it right in the... Oh, if you go to Microsoft Edge, it comes right up, I think.
Oh, Edge.
Let's see here.
While you're figuring it out, let me finish the story here.
Okay, so Microsoft did announce some changes to the program, including Game Pass Quest for PC.
So that's the big sort of thing there is that now when you play games on PC, you will be able to get credit as well.
And weekly point streaks are coming back.
So another way to earn more points.
Game Pass quests on consoles are reimagined
So you just have to play for 15 minutes.
So you can't just log into the game and log off as some people were doing before.
But you can get rewards for playing different Game Pass titles.
So if you mix it up a little bit, you have to play more than just Minecraft, Loki.
Okay, so it says I have, I don't know if some of the stuff's expired or not, but it's 9,530.
that's actually not as many points as you think it's a decent amount but one month of ultimate is 13,000 points so it's not quite as many as you think I think some stuff's been expiring they kept sending me messages you better use them I'm like that could be but just get in there and cash out once in a while because you might you know
You might be able to get some deals.
Anyway, I think you can get Minecraft Shop gift cards too in there, which might be things that... Oh, don't play that.
No, I'm not.
I'm completely serious.
I'm almost positive you can redeem points for a Minecraft card, so do it.
anyway or a Roblox card for the kid I think is in there too anyway yeah so this is changes to the reward programs good stuff if you are an Xbox gamer and yeah I think just a reminder they do have that I mean it takes a while to earn points but hey if you're accumulating the points like Loki is turn them in get yourself I mean with the 9,000 points Loki you can probably get at least a $10 Minecraft card which you know doesn't sound like a lot but $10 is $10 it can
Yeah, I just don't play Bedrock, so I would never use this.
Well, let's see what else is there.
Anyway, that's some changes to the program, and I think they're going to be welcomed by a lot of folks.
Let's move on to this interesting story, Loki, about a game we used to talk a lot about.
Peripherals for consoles that are gone?
We were playing the Wii for a while recently, but now there's going to be a brand new Guitar Hero controller released for the Wii.
this year from Hyperkin.
And it is, of course, you know, like the original Wii Guitar Hero controllers, you pop in the Wii Remote and it is compatible with both Guitar Hero and Rock Band games.
Don't know why you would need that.
I guess if you really can't find any of these peripherals at your local, like, thrift store because they have mountains of them.
Um...
It looks nice.
I'm surprised this is more for the Wii and not the PC, considering Fortnite, the music stuff.
I thought that they had some tie-in with that type of thing.
It's not in our show role, but speaking of that, Fortnite is bringing that mode to the same room now.
That's a big upgrade.
I don't know if you know, but Fortnite Festival can only be played online right now, multiplayer.
They're going to make it so that you have the same room, so you can essentially have rock band parties again.
Right, so why wouldn't you do that for PC or like for like current consoles?
Fortnite did team up.
There are official Fortnite festival peripherals for that for PC.
So there is that.
OrangeRite also points out in chat, there's also good Wii to PC adapters and so forth.
You know what I think it is, Loki?
I kind of had a chuckle at this story, too.
Like, who's going to buy this for the Wii?
I actually think with all the retro gaming stuff and retro gaming's popularity, I actually think there is an audience for people looking for peripherals for old systems.
Like you said, you fired up the Wii not that long ago.
Well, here's the thing.
like think about it like let's just like think about this so yeah like the Wii and stuff it's not there's a lot of games on the Wii like there's a lot of games that probably aren't worth I don't know what Guitar Hero is necessarily worth on the second-hand market probably not a lot um Guitar Hero it's like the Wii itself I'm not really sure how valuable that is because there were a lot of Wiis out there um
But maybe with all of these, all this inflation in price and all these sanctions on other companies and our laptops supposed to be going up 68% in price and game consoles skyrocketing because of all these tariffs.
Maybe the Wii is going to come back.
Maybe used gaming is a more popular market.
Now that you're saying this, what's the patent?
I'm sorry.
Yeah, patent.
What's the timeframe on patent expiration for hardware?
Hence why we get all these Super Nintendo Genesis things that come out later.
20 years, I think.
Well, guess what turns 20 years old next year?
That could be part of the reason why, I wonder.
Well, I think Guitar Hero for the Wii, it was originally back in 2009, it says.
Yeah, but the Wii hardware itself is going to be 20 years old next year.
And so if you have... Bring it back!
Exactly.
If you have a copy of Guitar Hero floating around or what have you...
Now you'll have a controller for that.
Because I'm sure because of exactly all those things you said that the software is everywhere and it's that whole thing that once the patents are up on the Wii and third parties can make their own versions of the Wii it's going to happen.
But
I say that and I also kind of go, have we seen that happen with the GameCube or the PlayStation 2 or some of those other things?
I don't know, but they did explain why they are putting this out.
It says, we want to take a moment to thank our community for the passionate discussion surrounding...
Our latest product launch.
The new HyperStormer was developed to meet the demand for an accessible and budget-friendly solution perfect for retro gamers who want to enter the guitar scene in 2025 at an affordable price.
While we understand this is not what some fans were expecting, you can rest assured that this is just the beginning.
It says we have...
We've had fans struggling for years to buy used, potentially non-functional peripherals for hundreds of dollars online.
While it is correct this is the same shell mold from a previous Hyperkin release from 2009, that's all it is.
We used the mold to make brand new shells, fitting it with 2024 internal components.
This is not old school, nor is it old guitars I've been seeing in a warehouse.
We are creating something new and it's really groundbreaking.
Okay, groundbreaking is probably a bit of a stretch.
I can see the whole, hey, we see the secondhand market where these are going for hundreds of dollars and we'd rather make that money.
I can see that.
Or that, yeah.
Whatever, you know what?
They can do whatever they want.
If they want to make a brand new controller for an old system, by golly, they can do it.
I'm still kind of curious.
Maybe it has to do with disc versus cartridge.
Have we seen the third-party PlayStations and PlayStation 2s?
I don't think we have.
It's probably because of the BIOS in those systems.
I bet that's what the key difference is.
You can do the cartridges because you didn't have a system BIOS in that whole thing, whereas these newer ones you did.
I bet maybe I just kind of talked myself out of my earlier theory.
Interesting.
Well, that said, though, they have disc-based systems that play that stuff, FPGA stuff, because I want to say that they had a really expensive CD thing through, oh, who's that that does all the really expensive retro consoles?
Limited run games?
Or Retron?
Not Retron.
No, I don't think it's Retron.
It's the same company, Hyperkin, isn't it?
No, it's not Retron.
It is... Evercade.
I don't know.
It's certainly not Evercade.
Let's see...
Bobby in chat is talking about the way the electronics... Analog.
It's analog.
Oh, yeah, they always sell it.
Because they had an analog CD system, I thought, or they were working on one.
I think they had one, so I don't know how that works unless you've got to get the keys before you can play that, but...
Trobo4 in chat gets a gold star for reading your mind they got it Bobby Blackwolf also says the electronics are in the Wii remote they don't have to make the electronic part that talks to the console on the Wii the Wii remote does it and that electronic part requires getting a license but you don't need a license to make a mold that takes in the Wii remote that's kind of interesting
That's right, didn't the Wii remote kind of slip into the guitar's front so it could sense the tilting of the guitar?
Well, yeah, it also just, it was essentially used for the wireless communication as well.
Yeah, well, everything, yeah, let's just be said.
Yeah, interesting.
All right, well, you know what?
For all of you still rocking out to Guitar Hero on the Wii, good news.
but I could see where people are like let's bust it out for a party like when you know all the 40 year olds like when we were 21 let's play this game again I've still got all my Rock Band 2 stuff I don't know I think the only thing that I'm kind of iffy on is whether I still have that dumped to a hard drive on my Xbox 360 which is in a case somewhere but I still have all of my guitars and stuff in the garage
my drum set's in a bag I bought the official rock band drum set bag to put the drum set in and I got all the I had everything for that and I played it almost never alright well speaking of retro goodness and stuff to inspire that Loki what else do you have?
Alright, so then we also have some word about a brand new LEGO set coming out because I'm always excited about that.
I've got my LEGO NES on top of my computer right here with that wonderful TV.
Well, Nintendo has come out and confirmed that there is a LEGO Game Boy coming in October.
And that's all we know.
We don't know what it's going to look like, how much it's going to be.
All we know is it's going to be coming out.
I can't wait for somebody to mod it to give it a backlight or one of those tacky little clip-on lights that we all had to use to play it in the car at night when we were younger.
Some type of Lego clip-on light.
But yeah, it says built for the classic Nintendo system in LEGO form coming October 2025.
And that was from Nintendo.
I wonder if it's just this Game Boy or if they're going to be doing sets based off of that.
Because the Game Boy itself, assuming that you make it to scale, which is what I've got my Nintendo system, it's not that big.
It's pretty small.
So I don't know if they would be doing more than just the Game Boy with that.
Hmm.
We'll see.
We'll wait and see.
All right.
Well, let's move on to a classic game getting rebooted.
I didn't know about this, and this is kind of neat that this is coming.
But Carmen Sandiego from the game Where in the World is Carmen Sandiego?
And then, of course, there was Where in Time is Carmen Sandiego?
Where in the USA is Carmen Sandiego?
The many Netflix series.
The Netflix show.
The Game Show, we all know the, you know, Rockefeller.
Oh man, that's the game I want to play in Rock Band on the Wii.
All right, anyway, Carmen Sandiego is coming back.
It was announced by the developer Gameloft that Carmen Sandiego is going to launch for PS5.
Xbox Series, PS4, Xbox One, Switch, PC on Steam, and iOS and Android.
So it's even a mobile game.
It is going everywhere.
You will be able to get this game for $29.99 for the Standard Edition or $50, $49.99 for the Deluxe Edition.
But if you pre-order it, you can get it for $39.99.
There will be a physical version in mid-April for PS5 and Switch.
It's called the 40th Anniversary Edition, which is also priced at $49.99.
This is where parts get ridiculous because I'm like, it's fucking Carmen Sandiego.
The Deluxe Edition has an anniversary caper, two cosmetic skins, a digital official soundtrack, and a digital art book.
And it's like...
It sounds like a bunch of garbage.
And I hate the idea of cosmetic skins for fucking Carmen Sandiego.
Come on.
Come on.
But I guess you don't have to have it, so whatever.
But this is the part that annoys me about gaming today, as I'm sure a lot of you.
So anyway, the regular version of the game.
will be out.
And what do you do in this game?
You're chasing Vile, the enemy organization.
Whether you're a rookie gumshoe or a seasoned detective, you are playing either the main campaign or what they call the Acme Files, which is a classic mode.
And that's kind of cool with that.
So...
Anyway, in the game, you're actually playing Carmen Sandiego herself.
And so you actually are trying to outwit vile operations to outwit them, I guess.
You get new tools, you gear up, you travel the globe to different areas, marketing talk, publicity talk.
But isn't it neat that this thing from our youth is being put out all over again in regular and limited editions?
Weren't you supposed to be catching Carmen Sandiego?
Why are you playing Carmen Sandiego?
They're flipping the script.
At one point, they said, what if you were the ghost in Pac-Man?
Pac-Man Versus came out, and it was probably the best one in the series.
So, you know, sometimes they flip the script a little.
What if Pac-Man was a horror series?
Oh, we've got that now, too.
Well, you just talked about the Game Boy.
What about Wario Land?
Hello?
Wario where?
Wario Land.
We need more Wario games.
WarioWare Shake, it was fantastic.
That needs to be put on modern consoles.
Yes.
Or make a Mario game like that that's all hand-drawn and animated.
That was...
Amazing.
I think another thing to give you a serious answer on the why are you playing as Carmen Sandiego front, I think because for this generation, they've kind of turned her into the hero.
Because if I remember right, the Netflix series, she was the star.
It wasn't about catching Carmen Sandiego.
It was about following Carmen Sandiego.
So at some point in the last 10 years, the narrative on the whole series flipped.
I mean, in the game show, you were trying to catch Carmen Sandiego, but kids don't remember that.
I know.
We all...
Nothing is ever going to top the game show and watching a kid not be able to label all the countries correctly.
Well, the game show, too.
No, the game show is good, but I'm talking about the old original cartoon that they had as well where they were chasing Carmageddon in San Diego.
Oh, yeah, that was so long ago.
So long ago.
All right.
That's right.
and DarkSakura.com.
Some of these rumors and leaks and things that are from respected sources are looking to shake up the Dead by Daylight game.
2v8 is set to return.
We know that 2v8 has been very popular in the game.
The game is typically four on one.
But now it's going to be 2v8 in a special mode, as we've seen a couple of times.
And it looks like Resident Evil is going to be involved in this return.
Some other things we already know that have been confirmed for Dead by Daylight over the next few months.
We know Five Nights at Freddy's, that collaboration is coming.
That was confirmed.
Apparently there is an anniversary chapter coming.
The leaks are saying, take it with a grain of salt, but the leaks are saying...
I can't fucking believe this.
Jurassic World is the crossover.
So are they going to put dinosaurs in Dead by Daylight?
Do you get to play as a velociraptor?
It sounds like you damn well might be.
Or maybe at least you get to play some of the heroes.
Honestly, if I can be Jonathan Bailey, who's starring in the new trilogy, if I can be Jonathan Bailey in Dead by Daylight, yes.
Period.
End of sentence.
Done.
Okay?
Jonathan Bailey...
is hot.
That's all I'm going to say.
So if I can play as him in Dead by Daylight and maybe it's just a survivor thing, but if I can play as a dinosaur too, I think that's really fucking funny.
And look, Dead by Daylight has all sorts of spirits and ghouls and the Demi Gorgon from Stranger Things.
So it's not like, you know, and the...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Apparently the new 2v8 mode is looking to be Resident Evil themed.
This is coming from some leaks not only on X from sources that tend to get these things right, but a Discord based on DBD leaks.
So it looks like the 2v8 may be Resident Evil themed.
Apparently there may be some more Resident Evil content coming as well.
Some folks are theorizing, as usual, that...
Lady Dimitrescu may come out but she might come out as a legendary skin.
So for those that don't know there are legendary skins that will transform existing characters with existing movesets and everything into something else.
There's a lot of these for survivors like Alan Wake had quite a few of these.
You could play as like the waitress character or you could play as the
Other Detective, and Alan Wake 2.
I can't remember any of these names right now, but those are legendary skins.
Silent Hill has a ton of these.
Cheryl Mason is the main skin, but you can legendary transform into James.
You can transform into Alyssa, the cop from the first game.
There's all these characters you can transform into.
so the rumor is Lady Dimitrescu may actually be a legendary skin and I was thinking about it I could see that they could make a legendary skin for Nemesis and make it work so they could change the zombies into the vampire sisters instead and then instead of a tentacle like she would just have something else maybe her big hat I don't know but she'd have something else that she could attack you with so I could see that actually really working so I hope they do it I love Lady Dimitrescu as a character
so, also the new 2v8 mode map will of course be the Raccoon City Police Station which ironically used to be one big map and then they split it into two so it may just kind of be coming back as one giant map in the future so I guess we'll see what happens with that so, yeah, lots to come with the future of Dead by Daylight again, those are leaks right now but the DBD links tend to be correct so, yeah
Sjo and Hunter Matt in chat says, I'm kind of surprised Art the Clown isn't a killer at this point.
That, of course, being the character from Terrafire.
I'm also a little bit surprised.
There is already a clown character in the game.
There is a original killer simply called the Clown.
which is probably making it difficult for Pennywise or you know but again the hillbilly was always supposed was one of the original killers when the game first came out and that was always basically Leatherface from the Texas Chainsaw Massacre and they made they figured a way to make both characters work so there's no reason we can't have more clowns in the game you know for all of you that just love clowns but let's a lot of clowns are scary but
and so Art the Clown, pretty scary Pennywise, at least the Tim Curry version very fucking scary so I'm all for those killers coming to Dead by Daylight at some point but it sounds like you might have to settle for a Velociraptor nice or maybe you'll get to be that dinosaur that killed Nedry and you'll spit blinding stuff that could kind of work as a survivor mechanic
I can't pronounce that dinosaur's name.
Dilophosaurus or something like that?
Am I right?
It's something like that.
They're spitters!
Yeah, spitting dinosaurs.
Alright.
Let's move on, Loki.
Alright.
So the Xbox showcase, we're going to be getting that here very soon.
They're going to be showcasing a few different games that are coming out.
So this is going to take place on January 23rd at 1 p.m.
Eastern.
And the games that they're going to be covering, Doom the Dark Ages, South of Midnight, Clear Obscure Expedition 33.
They're going to be doing some deep dives in those.
That's cool.
I am very excited about Doom the Dark Ages.
I kind of want to check that out.
I keep forgetting that that's coming out, and every time that I remember again, I'm like, ooh, yes.
Well, it's nice to know some company for sure is doing some announcements this month.
We can bank on that.
Yeah.
And then there may be some other things they also show off as well, but at least those are the few that were highlighted.
so I'm looking forward to it I think I know it's early and a lot of you are going to go Rob you're silly but I think they should confirm a sequel to Indiana Jones I think they should just say hey we heard you love the game sequels and development because I hope it's true and we've heard all the talk about you know Disney wants one we know it did very well for Microsoft Bethesda that's been a really good success story for them so I really think they should just strike with the irons hot and confirm a sequels and development
although yes it would be a few years out um but like it would be the first xbox game xbox game to take years and years to develop where it wouldn't be starting from zero like you know yeah the system systems are already built uh assets are you know started or at least they have some assets for it so it's not i don't think the turnaround time would be that much
It wouldn't be, yeah.
If they were to make something that's very similar to the game they already did.
So hopefully they built that game with a trilogy in mind already.
That's how you really know.
If they built it on a backbone that's easily adaptable.
But we'll see.
Yeah.
Alright, that might be something they save for a summertime announcement, though, to be fair.
It makes sense.
Alright, let's talk about, this is a little bit of a follow-up, because last week we were talking about the company MyArcade, which does hardware, and we were talking about the Atari Game Station, which is something that they knew they were going to announce at CES.
And so they announced...
I like how that thing too, I just noticed on that, it has like the trackball and the knob and the numpad on it.
Yeah, yeah.
That's pretty cool looking.
Pretty cool.
But there's a few things that they've actually announced at the event.
So they also announced a Game Station Retro Go, which is combining Namco and Capcom games.
I would say the only downside to this thing is it's the same fucking games you've seen every time.
Every time.
It's Street Fighter, Mega Man, Strider, Final Fight.
It's literally every game on the machine behind me that Arcade 1UP put out, but Bionic Commando is there too, which would be, I'm pretty sure, the arcade version of that.
And then Namco is all the same games.
I don't think any of these are new.
Pole Position, Pac-Man, Mappy, Rally-X, Galaga, Dig Dug.
It's all the games you've seen before.
But not to minimize it, because it is a nice little combination of forces there, and that's pretty neat.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
It plays Super Nintendo and Genesis games Yes, both You plug one on the bottom, one on the top
It honestly looks like something that somebody would make, you know, how they make the portable consoles or whatever.
It resembles something that someone would make like that.
Do you have any interest in any of these types of products?
I buy some of them, but... I don't.
I have so many consoles that I don't use.
Thankfully, we do still get use out of the Playdate and stuff.
I have looked at Evercade's
The handheld, you know, the one that takes all those cartridges and stuff.
I have looked at that I'd say once a week.
I've considered it.
But I don't know how much I would really play with that.
I would like...
Ironically, even though it's kind of like a legally gray area, I do see some of those ads on TikTok and stuff for these retro game consoles that have emulators and stuff.
And I obviously wouldn't buy something like that.
But I would like, if I was going to do something like that, I would want something that does have a large library of everything that can just dump on one console instead of having all these little consoles for everything.
Which is why Steam Decks and emulators are great.
Yeah.
It's true.
But it's nice to officially support what you can, too.
Right, yeah, and so, like, I'm not... I probably won't do that, but, you know, never say never.
There may be some stuff down the road that, like, there's something that has the right type of games with it or something, or maybe...
Maybe Evercade puts out a thing that plays the Evercade cartridges, but it also plays Super Nintendo cartridges and also plays this, you know, or, yeah, I don't know.
You never know.
Yeah.
Anyway, let's talk about the Atari Game Station Go, also from Retro, or excuse me, My Arcade, which we talked about last week.
We know the details now.
It's going to be out the third quarter of 2025 for $150.
It has 200 games pre-installed, including things like Pac-Man,
Missile Command, Centipede, Breakout, Star Raiders and it also has controllers for those games and so forth pretty neat and you know there's a paddle that's pretty neat and there's a small baby little trackball yeah this device looks pretty cool not since not every game uses every controller function there are LED lights that just illuminate what you need for a particular game
It's kind of a creative little thing as well.
That's kind of nice.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
It looks like it's about the same size as one of the miniature arcade machines.
Not the baby ones, but the ones that are similar to the ones behind me when I broadcast live that are sitting on the tabletop.
It looks to be about that size.
So think about the size of like...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Dark Tattoo in our chat says,
Case in point, I also have, it's harder to see because it's always, but I have a little Atari 2600, like a whole little console with preloaded games.
I bought, that's also a My Arcade, and I bought that at Costco.
DarkSakura is not here tonight.
We are still going to carry on with her segment.
So let's get to the classic game of the week.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
All right, and with DarkSakura not here tonight, Loki, what did you pick?
No, I'm just messing with you.
I got you covered.
All right.
I picked nothing.
There are no classics.
What if I literally had put you on the spot, though, like that?
That would be really funny.
Oh, what would I have picked?
Oh, that's easy.
All right, well, save it for next time.
Next time.
All right.
For now, though, I went ahead and jumped in tonight, and the game we have picked for tonight is a really old game.
So DarkSakura has been doing these games that are like 10 years old.
I'm going to pick a game that's 45 years old this year, okay?
It's about as old as, you know, the host of this program.
This is a game called Wizard of War, but it's W-O-R because they're warriors.
This game had a speech chip in it, which again for 1980 was very, you know, revolutionary.
But the voice sounded like this.
Attention, warriors.
Like it's very, very...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
a red scorpion kind of creature and then once you clear everything out of a level you'll get the bonus the insect kind of fly looking warlock that flies around the screen really fast and if you shoot it you get a double score dungeon for your next round and then of course later into the game on later boards the wizard of war shows up a blue wizard that just basically ports around and does whatever the fuck he wants to try to eat your quarters he's very very difficult but yeah
This game eventually was ported, not just the, and I apologize, there are some serious flashes in this game.
I was made a note to give you the warning and then I forgot.
But when you do get double score dungeons, the game does flash in a way.
So sorry about that if that's throwing you as we broadcast live here.
This game was not just in the arcades, but it did get ported to Atari 8-bit computers, Atari 2600, Atari 5200, the Commodore Max, and of course, where I played this game the most,
that version.
Interesting enough, in the two-player game, not only, because of course we want to eat quarters as fast as we can, not only do you shoot the monsters in the level, you can shoot each other!
Be careful!
So this game did have friendly fire, which was kind of annoying to be honest, but it was there.
But if you have the strategy of standing back to back, like in a corner, you can pretty much just fire at anything that comes at you and you can get very far in the game.
So although it was kind of a mean mechanic, it was a really easy one to sort of cheese.
But I will say characters do kind of appear and disappear and they start to move very fast and they might appear on top of you and that's not very pleasant.
So it's not foolproof, but yeah.
Anyway, in each dungeon you have basically a big blue screen and the monsters, they will appear and disappear as they move, but there is a radar at the bottom that always shows you where those monsters are.
So if you kind of read the radar, you can kind of guess where to shoot and you'll be able to actually hit the monsters.
So that was actually kind of a neat mechanic, especially for its time.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and Dragonet.
I'm going to play a little audio.
See if you recognize this.
Yeah, and play that before every board that you would actually go through in that game.
And then that last note was if you had a double score dungeon.
So a lot of people recognize the theme because it sounds like they basically stole it from Dragnet.
I don't know if it was a classic piece that they were able to adapt easy or because it was only five notes or people weren't paying attention to video games as much in 1980.
I don't know, but it had that very familiar riff to a lot of people.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and the last time I remember playing this game was actually at Southern Fried Game Expo which was of course that arcade show that happens out in Atlanta that I went to a couple years ago and I actually still could do alright at this game I actually think I got on the high scoreboard for this game I did play enough of it on my Commodore 64 and plus when you're only playing one player you're not having to worry about shooting each other it's a little bit easier so there is that
so uh yeah quest buster in chat says old school pvp the sound effects were so good yeah um pretty pretty fun stuff i enjoyed this game i put a lot of hours in it and this is definitely definitely a classic at damn near 45 years old classic game of the week wizard of war w o r have you ever played that game loki very old i don't think so it's it's
Yeah, if you ever see an arcade machine at one of these classic arcade shows at like California Extreme or, you know, Southern Fried or wherever in your town, definitely worth a look just because, you know, it was like the, not the first game to have speech, but one of the earliest that had the very, but it's very hard to understand what the thing is saying.
It's a very robotic voice.
And this is really, yeah, very rudimentary, but it worked.
It worked.
All right, let's move on and talk about some rapid-fire news and cover some news going on really quickly here.
Loki.
I know it's going to disappoint a lot of you that have been holding out hope for a game that probably was never going to come out for that system that is not supported anymore whatsoever.
Actually, multiple systems aren't supported anymore, but the Mighty No.
9 for the 3DS and the Vita...
Your pre-orders have been cancelled by Amazon, unfortunately.
Considering the 3DS all-but-ended support a few years ago, I mean, I know if you still have one and can turn it on, you can still play it, but it's just funny.
The online store has been gone how long now?
It's just funny.
Yeah, so it's unfortunate that you will never be able to play that game, even though we
S, Actdeft, Drew,
and then of course we got some companies doing some good stuff at least so Final Fantasy 14 is giving folks a reprieve of
Thanks for watching!
and so they basically suspended that so folks that are not in their house or maybe without a house at this point aren't going to lose their other house in-game as well.
Yeah, it's nice when Final Fantasy does things like this.
I mean, it's a little silly.
That's the thing that made Alan Rage quit the game.
He lost his house because he didn't log in within 45 days and he was like, well, fuck it.
I worked all this for the house.
Fuck this game, basically.
So it's kind of a bummer they have timer on houses at all.
DarkSakura,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
But on a different note, you know, since you did bring up the fires in Southern California, that's been tremendously difficult to hear about.
And I think people know, but that is nowhere near us.
We are on the complete other end of the state in Northern California.
So it's nothing to do with us here.
But certainly our hearts go out.
I know tons of people in Southern California and smoke in the air and
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
but there's also a lot of misinformation on the internet about the fires I would really encourage you if something is trying to tug at your heartstrings emotionally to get you to repost it or reclick it it's never a bad question to ask yourself is this actually true because there's unfortunately a lot of BS out there right now but the truth is those people out there need help and if you can donate to a reputable charity I'm going to be honest I would discourage
Unless you know the people directly, the individual GoFundMes and stuff like that, because unfortunately there are a lot of bad actors out there.
And I would look at charities that are actively, you know, whether that be the Red Cross or another charity that really speaks to you, working with those types of relief efforts.
So, yeah, it's just horrible.
Horrible, horrible, horrible.
Yeah, and I see a lot of love and chat going on out there.
SJ100Matt says, those fires have been awful.
Hoping for the best for everyone.
PodCulture says those fires are fucking massive.
Yes, they are.
It's really scary.
So...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Really hard to hear about.
All right.
Moving on, though.
Focusing on gamers doing good and raising money for charity.
One of the biggest names in the business wrapped up their big marathon this week.
Awesome Games Done Quick totaled a donation amount above $2.5 million.
If you want to be exact, $2,556,500 raised for the Prevent Cancer Foundation from running games very quickly.
Which, yes...
Included Crazy Taxi with a live backing band.
And as I think I mentioned earlier in the show, I saw the 1 million being broken with Chunathan and that being played and all that.
So there's lots of stuff all over that.
There was also some donate.
That was not just things that were raised by gamers.
There were donations through partners, Fangamer.
The ET has donated many times before, Humble Bundle.
a lot of the same names you usually see with these types of charity drives but still really really cool to see the entire community get involved did you know someone beat Elden Ring on a saxophone, Loki?
I saw that I don't know how that's possible but I saw that well it's like playing Dreamcast games with a fishing controller why would you do it?
because you can
Alright, anyway.
One more quick note for you, and that is that The Last of Us Season 2, we know when it's coming.
It's coming in April.
HBO and Max announced this.
This was also a PlayStation Productions announcement.
I believe this was a part of...
Sony doing some various announcements at CES.
We're going to have a few more in just a moment.
But yeah, The Last of Us Season 2 will be out April of 2025.
So you actually don't have to wait a terribly long time for this.
And the first season, obviously, critical success, not just consumer success.
So I think there's a lot of expectations around the second series, especially when the second game, a little controversial for some people.
But I think some of those...
are going to play out better in a TV thing.
Because people aren't going to be pissed about who they might have to take control of in the game and who might the game kind of push as a hero or whatever.
That whole weird controversy going with that.
But in a movie, it's all kind of out there, which will be very interesting.
So I'm very curious to see if it does as well as critically as the first series did.
And plus, how much they mirror the game.
Because again, if you know the game...
some major happens kind of early on and I wouldn't be surprised if they try to get through all of season two before that happens because that would make for a better finale for season two to be honest but we'll see we'll see anyway I'm being vague on purpose because even though the game is old I realize now people are experiencing the story through the show so if you want to seek out spoilers go for it but at the same time there's nothing that says the show has to follow the book
Game of Thrones didn't at some point.
They couldn't.
There was no book.
There was only they had to do an entire season based on concepts of a plan and it showed.
All right.
Anyway, let's move on.
Let's travel the world and check out some release dates and check out some games coming out near you.
We'll start in the US, Loki.
Alright, well in the US, we don't have a ton, but we've got a few things coming out this week.
So starting off with Turnip Boy robs a bank.
And he's going from insurance fraud to robbing a bank now.
Yeah, it's on iOS and Android.
By the way, Loki, since we brought up Awesome Games Done Quick, sorry.
Did you see that for like a lot of the incentives that were named the character, Luigi was being named as the character for like a lot of those incentives.
A lot of Mario Party fans out there.
A lot of Mario Party fans.
A lot of Mario Party fans.
It's the year Luigi again.
It really is.
Oh boy.
Anyway, wouldn't that be a gag if Nintendo came out and said it's the year of Luigi again?
The internet would literally shit.
It's not going to happen.
Nintendo does have people, even in Japan, that sit in the corner and say, that might not be a good idea.
No, don't do that.
Don't do that.
You can see the Pokemon leaks did that.
There were certain Pokemon they strayed away from because they said there's actually a fan Pokemon that's really close to this that we need to actually... So you saw things where it was like fan speculation, so it was actively creatively hurting Pokemon, which was interesting.
SSJ100Matt has the trick Year of Waluigi It's his time It's his time Sorry Loki We have Blade Chimera on PC, Nintendo Switch
Donkey Kong Country Returns HD on Nintendo Switch, Dreadout Remastered Collection on Nintendo Switch and PlayStation 5.
We've got Markle Ragas Rage on PC and Xbox Series.
and let's see Dynasty Warriors Origins on PC, PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series Tales of Graces F Remastered on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox Series I would like to point out one thing though I noticed it's kind of strange to me
and just follow me and this might leak more credence into the whole November 17th announcement.
You mean January 17th?
Yeah, January 17th.
Nintendo games typically come out on Fridays.
This is coming out on a Thursday.
That's strange.
That seems strange.
I know it doesn't really matter, but that seems strange to me.
That it's coming out on a Thursday and not a Friday.
Because for the last several months, and way back to when I was working at a video game distributor, Nintendo typically releases their games on Fridays.
they're annoying in the sense that they're one of the only companies that was doing it at the time and then everybody started following suit whereas we prefer that it was on Tuesdays where that's when major movie releases on video come out but it is strange that this is on a Thursday instead of a Friday not that they couldn't release a game and make an announcement the same day but it does seem strange to me alright
DarkSakura
Tales of Grace's F Remastered, also out in Japan on that same day, January 16th.
A game called Kenka Banshu Otome Double Pack is also out in Japan.
So if it's a double pack, I'm trying to see which two games is it.
I'm not sure.
There's no description for this, but it looks like it's one of those like bros in high school simulation type of games and that whole thing.
A game called Even If Tempest, Dawning Connections, also out on the 16th.
Those are all releases on the Nintendo Switch.
If I look at the PlayStation 5, we have Sin Duality, Echo of Ada.
Tales of Graces F Remastered
we also have on the 17th Dynasty Warriors Origins also gets a limited edition release in Japan I don't know if there's a regular release for that I'm just seeing a limited edition for whatever reason so oh no there it is up there so we also have yeah Dynasty Warriors Origins is also getting a regular edition sorry this release list I'm looking at is kind of messy all over the place but I guess they're just getting the calendar arranged all right let's look at the UK Loki
Alright, so in the UK we've got looks like also Donkey Kong Country Returns HD also on the 16th.
It's around the country.
Don't know what to say about that.
Tales of Graces F Remastered on PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series, PC and Switch and Dynasty Warriors Origins on PC, PlayStation 5, Xbox Series and that's it.
All right.
Well, we got a couple more news stories for you, and then we'll get to the listener roundtable.
If any of you want to call in tonight over at VOGnetwork.com slash Discord, although I would encourage you to join the Discord chat with us throughout the week.
We'll be talking about, you know, whatever.
You guys put a lot of good suggestions in chat.
We pull some of those stories for what we talk about, and sometimes we just get to chatting.
There was the other night, it was actually...
Funny enough, I don't know if y'all know this.
It was Tuesday night when I was kind of sitting on the information about Mr. Smush and kind of needed something to take my mind off it for a little bit.
I actually got into the VOG Discord and we were chatting about something completely unrelated and I was actually in there chatting.
We had a good little chat.
So I don't know if y'all know, but that was actually helping me keep my mind off of other stuff.
So thanks.
All right.
Anyway, let's get to the rest of the news.
Loki.
Well, this is interesting.
So, apparently, Sony Movie Studios are going to be making some more Sony property movies.
And, of course, some of these aren't... I mean, none of them are very surprising, the two successful franchises.
So, Horizon Zero Dawn...
Helldivers 2 and an anime spinoff of Ghost of Tsushima.
So I'm on board with Horizon.
I'm on board with Ghost of Tsushima.
Helldivers, that's just Starship Troopers.
We all know that this is just Starship Troopers, right?
You're taking a game that's based off of Starship Troopers and Terminator and then you're
StarShipTroopers
I guess we'll have to see.
I don't know, but then again, if you think about it, it's a whole other generation now, right?
That's true.
There's a lot of people that won't even remember the original, which is a damn shame.
But, you know, it is what it is.
I don't know, is Paul Verhoeven still alive?
Can he just direct this movie instead?
I don't think he's still making movies if he is.
Oh, well, that's too bad.
All right.
Last but not least, hey,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I'm here for it and so I want to end our official news roll on this note tonight which is Shift Up which is a South Korean company and they made the PlayStation 5 exclusive action game Stellar Blade they have gifted all of their staff a PlayStation 5 Pro
and given a cash bonus of 5 million won, which is around $3,400.
So to kind of put that in perspective.
This was published in a publication in South Korea called Naver.
And this was a bonus that was put out there to encourage the company's staff, as bonuses tend to do.
Shift Up has about 311 employees.
Shift Up, of course, had a pretty good 2024.
Stellar Blade did pretty well.
Shift Up has also done crossover DLC with Nier Automata for this game.
In July, the company raised around $320 million or $435 billion won after an initial public offering.
In a comment, ShiftUp is saying that Stellar Blade's launch sales, quote, continued at a stabilized level, although we don't know exactly what that level looks like, but if we're seeing this, pretty good.
We also know Stellar Blade is coming to PC in 2025, as a lot of the Sony titles are doing, and it expects to do pretty well there.
More bonuses, more incentives, more credit to the hardworking people making these games, for sure.
DarkTC in chat says, I know Rob's been sour on the game industry last week.
I don't disagree, but it's always nice to hear stuff like this with some good news.
Oh, absolutely.
I don't want to be sour on the game industry.
I don't want to be that guy that's sitting here just complaining about video games like why fucking podcast about video games if you just hate everything about it but like this last year it's been rough y'all so I'm liking this energy about some bonuses and it's a granted it's not in America but it's a start let's take that energy and manifest that for some of the developers in other countries as well all right with that
We're going to go to the Listener Roundtable.
We encourage you all to email us or you can also call in over at vognetwork.com slash discord.
I don't believe we had any emails tonight.
I'm going to log in and just double check.
But again, if you want to participate...
you always can do that by sending us an email participate at orangeloungeradio.com although I know many of you just prefer to chat or use discord and that's fine too very few people seem to use emails anymore such as seems to be the case so alright we just have one spam email and I even put it in the trash so Jamie won't complain about it next week mark the word I finally moved an email to the trash alright
Loki, on that note, do you have any last minute stories for us?
I did have one last thing I was going to mention.
So this came out via the Gaming Leaks and Rumors subreddit, but more details regarding the whole Genki and CES booth.
Apparently Nintendo was not happy with them being there and they actually sent lawyers to
I will say this I will say this
Kudos to them holding their ground.
You know, if they're going to be wrong, they're going to be big wrong.
Like, you know, I don't think I love what Genki's doing in this case, but I, like everybody else, also feel like this is literally the worst kept secret in gaming.
And like...
it's just getting annoying like we're just all rolling our eyes like come on Nintendo like just like I get it they couldn't say anything because the holiday they don't want to cannibalize sales not everybody follows the industry as close as the rest of us do but like it's and again this is why I'm sitting here going it really ought to be next week if it's not and we're looking at something closer to the end of March in their original commitment that's going to put this whole thing it's just it's just getting annoying but is that going to make me not buy one
No.
Especially if it plays the old games better.
That's all I need, honestly.
If I could replay Pokemon Legends better on a newer console, or not just that, Violet
Why can't I remember the names of those games?
Oh my god.
Scarlet Violet.
If I can play that, Gen 10, 9.
If I can play Gen 9 better on a new Switch console, sign me the fuck up.
That's all I need, to be honest.
So...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
But Genki is profiting off of an unannounced Nintendo product, no matter which way you slice it.
That could be the problem, which isn't quite the same thing as the Streisand effect, though I get what you're saying, of course.
And SGO100 Matt, with the classic Schoolyard comeback of Dbrand started it, honestly.
Well, there's also another... I mean, there's a lot of rumor and speculation when it comes to the Switch 2 right now, but apparently another leaker has... or an Apple leaker normally says that they've confirmed that the Switch 2 is on the black market in China right now.
Like some development samples have gotten leaked out there.
So maybe they picked it up that way?
I don't know.
It's all a big mess.
Let's just wait and...
Wait for them to announce it.
Like, I just don't care at this point.
Just announce it.
We already kind of know what it is.
What do you think?
On the plausibility meter.
Let's get out the plausometer.
It's like an applause meter, but it's plausibility.
Zero meaning not fucking happening.
There is no fucking way.
That would be like, zero would be like
I don't know, but not happening, okay?
10 is absolutely happening.
I would bet money is absolutely, okay, on the plausibility scale.
Chad, I want to hear from you too.
Switch to revealed this week.
Plausibility scale.
Four.
Four.
I think that's a good guess.
I'm actually going to agree with that.
I'm going to copy your homework.
I'm going to say four.
Four.
I don't think it's quite right in the middle, but I think it's... Maybe I would go a little higher.
Alright, fine.
I'll go five.
I'll go five.
It could be like a couple weeks.
I think it's gonna be this month because you have to... Let's assume that they are putting out this financial quarter.
you have to give some sort of lead time to for advertising and all that stuff like I get it that they want to play on their own timetable unless it is delayed to fall but either way like I feel that they need to announce something at this point
Let's see, DarkTituya says 7 or 8, MikeDev says 7, OrangeRite says 6, SJ100Matt says 6.
Interesting, everybody in chat guessing higher than we did.
Interesting.
Maybe we're just negative.
These years and years have made us negative, Loki.
QuestBuster says, I'm going to say Cheesecake.
Honestly, valid.
on a scale of 1 to 10, Cheesecake is always the right answer, absolutely Orange Rite says, this month 8 and kind of along the same lines as what we've been saying, with all the leaks it's gotta be imminent Bobby Blackwolf says, I was Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, I was gonna say Taco well if you say Taco, then you're saying it's getting announced Tuesday because it's Taco Tuesday
so but then I well Tuesday would be kind of funny because you know two Nintendo Switch 2 it's Switch Tuesday I you know if it was Tuesday I feel like Nintendo makes that announcement today yesterday Friday I there is again a non-zero chance I would give this maybe a a one or a two on the plausibility meter that tomorrow morning we wake up to the announcement of the Direct
I think that's... But I don't think it'll be Tuesday.
It'll be... I think Thursday... Honestly, Thursday does seem like the most logical day for them to do it.
But there is a non-zero chance we wake up tomorrow and it's a Thursday reveal.
And of course, we could all be sitting here in seven days' time going...
Put my clown dress on because honk honk, here I am, Boo Boo the Fool once again, getting fooled by Nintendo and not a goddamn thing happened this week again.
Wow, it's everything that we thought it was going to be.
Surprise, it's fucking nothing.
That Mario Kart 9, woo.
That was so unexpected.
Well, wouldn't it actually be, I know everybody's saying Mario Kart 9, but I actually thought it's supposed to be Mario Kart 10.
Don't you consider the mobile game Mario Kart 9?
The leakers have already said 9, so we'll see.
I think it's going to be 9.
Fuck the leakers.
I'm talking about logic, reason, sense.
Yeah, but they're not going to give actual credence to Mario Kart World Circuit or whatever it is, but that's not a real game.
It's a mobile game.
Death says Mario Kart 8.2.
That's my favorite name, Mario Kart 8.2.
8.2 is the Switch version.
8.2, Infinity Lab.
Okay, then Mario Kart 8.3.
Ooh, Bobby Blackwolf with the really cool reboot suggestion going, it's just going to be simply Mario Kart.
Not even Super Mario Kart on your Super Switch?
Do you think Super Switch is the name, Loki?
Okay.
Mario Kart 2.
No, the name of the system.
Do you think it's Super Switch?
No.
No, I don't either.
I think it's a cute title.
Super was the age of the 90s.
Nothing is super anymore.
Switch 2 is good enough.
Alright, well with that, we're going to wrap up for tonight.
Thank you as always for listening to Orange Lounge Radio and participating with our show.
If you enjoyed what you heard here, tell a friend or two.
Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we need more voices to put out on air.
A nice five-star review on a site like iTunes or Spotify or YouTube, wherever it is that you found this show.
We really appreciate all of that kind feedback and stuff.
We'll be back in seven days.
switch announcement or not to do this all over again either we're going to come in with our clown nose I think I have a clown nose somewhere and maybe if they don't announcement I don't want to commit to it because I might not be able to find my clown nose but if I can and they don't announcement I'll come in with my clown nose on and go honk honk I got played the fool again we'll see all right um
So stay tuned.
Seven days we'll be doing that and back again.
Hopefully DarkSakura is back with us this week.
I don't see why she won't be.
So we'll have that.
Yeah, very, very excited.
So Bobby Blackwell says, just pick up a clown nose at Party City.
Oh, wait.
Hey, guess which store I went by today.
So I actually went out on Ingress today because it's called Second Sunday in Ingress.
And I did a mission banner downtown and I got to walk right by the downtown Macy's, which guess what?
Closing.
Everything must go.
Yep.
All the signs are up.
Same with the one local here.
Yeah.
Both of them.
Yeah.
It's like... Well, I think... That mall has almost no anchors left.
Well, Macy's in general, because they're opening a new one in Elk Grove, but it's going to look like a Marshall's or a TJ Maxx.
That's where Macy's is headed now.
It's going to be that size and not like a giant mall tenant.
It's going to look more like a home goods, that type of store.
Oh, interesting.
Was...
Penny's the one that had Toys R Us or is that Macy's?
That's Macy's.
Penny's has Sephora and some other stuff.
Meh.
Alright, final thoughts.
Let's do them.
Loki, your final thought tonight.
We'll be busy this week.
Sounds good.
my final thought two parts number one happy birthday Dark Tetsuya you've been with the show from the very beginning so kudos to you happy birthday hope you and Mish had a great time celebrating that's my number one final thought my number two final thought is
I had a thought and I lost it.
Oh, I was going to say thank you very much everybody for all the kind words about Mr. Smush.
Really appreciate that and I'll send that along to Alan.
And if you have a kitty or even a puppy or whatever animal you have of choice that will take a hug from a human, please hug your pets extra tight for me.
You know what?
I'm just going to take the line from Bob Barker as well.
Don't forget to have your pets spayed and neutered.
Help control the pet population.
And on that note, have a good night everybody.
We'll see you next time.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for our live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
