isn't the obvious headline tonight.
I didn't do this because I'm sick.
What gave you that idea?
This is me burying the lead.
Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to talk about the big stories and other pinches of gaming news.
Starting right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Feel better, Jason.
Hi, everybody out there on the internet.
Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio live once again, episode number 1032 of our program tonight, January the 19th of 2025.
My name is Rob Roberts and joining me every week to talk about the latest and greatest in gaming is the one and only DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Welcome back.
Hi!
Hi!
I know Jason's under the weather this week from the intro, but hopefully you're doing a lot better.
Oh, it's my usual vocal issues have been going on, but my migraine has abated for today, so that's good.
That's good, because migraines are literally the worst thing ever.
Yeah, I'm actually going through new treatment for my migraines, although I really wish they would approve the Botox.
That would have been a great...
And people sometimes don't realize that Botox is for more than just, you know, real housewife usage.
It has medical merits as well.
The appearance of a brow lift would have been nice.
You know, I'm just saying.
Yeah, sometimes the side effects aren't so bad.
Yeah, not so bad.
Fair enough.
Say hello to the one and only Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hi, Loki.
How are you doing?
I'm doing alright.
Busy.
What a week, huh?
Yeah, it's been a week.
Yeah, I notice behind you tonight you got Minecraft going on tonight.
Is this one of your videos?
No, it's not one of my videos.
It's one of my fellow cast members' videos.
Oh, cool.
So that's Jessix, his season finale for season three.
So he did this whole kind of... I've seen them in chat before.
Yeah, Star Wars, but not Star Wars.
So, you know, he had the Mighty Imperium and stuff like that.
Legally distinct Star Wars.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
All right.
Well, and we hope you all will check us out live sometimes because we do tape live every Sunday night at 9 o'clock Eastern, 6 o'clock Pacific, right after the Bobby Blackwolf Show at The Voice Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash VOG Network, VOG Network.
You know, we've been doing this show a long time.
And over these years, it's sometimes interesting to look back on things and go, boy, we sure got that right or we sure got that wrong.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
So, yeah, and I think we kind of landed on, yeah, it's non-zero that it'll happen this week.
We felt pretty good it would happen that week.
And I think where I used non-zero was, and it will be announced Monday.
Well, they didn't really announce anything, right?
And I know you're going to get into this, Loki, with the kickoff topic.
But in looking back, obviously, they kind of dropped that trailer on us Thursday with no announcement.
And it was interesting because...
and DarkSakura.com.
So I replied and I said, well, you know what they might do?
They might just drop a two minute trailer that that's it.
Like it's not like people are kind of saying are expecting like a press event, but they'll probably just drop like a two minute trailer, kind of similar to how would the original Nintendo Switch be.
They dropped in October, and I'm going to come back to this later.
In October, they dropped an original kind of like two-minute trailer to show what made the switch the switch, right?
And I go to bed and I wake up the next morning.
Now, keep in mind, they dropped that video at what, like 10 Eastern?
So it's 7 here.
And I think I get up at like 7.15.
So the first thing I woke up to...
I had a notification from Blue Sky on my phone where somebody replied to that and said, Soothsayer.
And I was like, uh-oh.
What happened?
Did they do it?
And sure enough, I go online and it dropped a two-minute train.
So yes, the way that was confirmed for me was somebody calling me a soothsayer.
And I was like, you know, so I just laughed.
And, you know, I don't...
I actually don't take credit for forecasting this one because this was really a process of elimination type of scenario, right?
All that's left at this point is for them to do a two-minute little teaser announce, and that's going to be that.
But I will turn it over to Loki.
Loki, Nintendo Switch 2, it happened.
We got a two-minute look.
Let's do our seven-hour YouTube on everything that is absolutely undeniably true about the Nintendo Switch 2.
Everything that you saw is basically what you saw.
Yes.
So it's all of the leaks.
The two minute teaser was actually, it was just that clip from Star Wars Episode 7 where Harrison Ford goes, it's true.
All of it.
All of it.
And then it was the Switch 2 logo.
And that was it.
That was the announced trailer.
Yeah, so basically confirming everything that has been rumored and all the peripherals that are not final, you know, all that stuff, essentially.
They didn't go into any details on anything other than what stuff looks like.
And there's people are reading between the lines somewhat on that.
Like, I know...
talking about, oh, the Joy-Cons can be used as mice or something like that.
Essentially, though, that everything is bigger.
The system is bigger.
The Joy-Cons are bigger.
They are magnetically connected.
There's no more rail system anymore.
And, yeah, I mean, the dock looks new as well.
It doesn't cover the whole screen, which is kind of interesting, I guess.
And we know that, you know,
Mario Kart 9 is coming because that's what they showed off.
Also, they are going to be going into more details.
Is it Mario Kart 9?
I think it is.
It's already been leaked that it was 9.
To be fair, and Bobby brought up a good point on his show.
I think there's a little wiggle room there for a different name that we might find out in April.
Alright, we'll see.
Alright.
Anyways, because we want to be very particular about it.
Technically, there already is a Mario Kart 9 with Mario Kart Tour, but that's a whole game.
That's what I was trying to tell you last week.
Yeah, but I still think it's going to be Mario Kart 9.
Even still, because I don't think they're going to acknowledge the, you know, aside from bringing the tracks over, I don't think they're really going to acknowledge the mobile game at all.
Anyways, yeah, so Nintendo Direct for Nintendo Switch 2 on April 2nd, which I guess that blows out the whole quarter one launch out of the water, so that's
Yeah, to be fair with all my, you know, soothsayer jokes and everything, I really was convinced it was going to be before the financial year was over, they would release this.
So I'm willing to admit I got that one wrong, which is a bummer.
But, you know, take the time to get it right.
A good game is a good game, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, you know, all that stuff.
But, you know, speaking of that timetable, though, just real quick, I will mention, you
Look at the original Switch, right?
We had the teaser trailer in October, and then the full reveal came three months later in January, right?
And what we know, we had the teaser trailer here in June, and then we have the full announcements three months later in April.
We know that now because they gave us the date, right?
And you could, from there, assume maybe that if it went by a similar pattern, it would be two to three months after, and we could be looking at a...
Late June, Early July type of release for this.
I'm not sure why that time frame would be desired.
But again, just saying, it's interesting.
Well, here's a couple...
Propositions for that.
For us in the United States, it's after tax time.
It is when school is getting out.
And it's also technically a dead period in the video game release cycle most of the summer from like about...
May through July, the end of July is essentially a dead period.
So they could have the attention all to themselves essentially.
And also the hype around Summer Games Fest type of stuff.
So maybe that might be a reason.
Or I think it may just still come out fourth quarter.
And they just may take some extra time to get those pre-orders in.
But along with the direct, they're going to be doing live kind of early access to it.
So actually coinciding with the same time period, you're going to be able to experience the Nintendo Switch starting in New York from April 4th through the 6th at Center 415 in Los Angeles in Television City.
from April 11th through the 13th and then finally Dallas at the Embarcadero building at Fair Park from April 25th through the 27th and registration is open as of a couple days ago so you'll need to go register on Nintendo's website nintendo.com slash us nintendo-switch-2-experience
If you're interested.
and judging on the places that they are setting all these things up it seems to be they're all indoors and I would assume these are more like traveling E3 type of booths but maybe it's something where you move room to room I find the location of Television City in LA that's where they used to do the Price is Right
so it's that kind of building uh but you know well empty studios are giant rooms that are meant to be reconfigured over and over so like on that you know front I'm like okay yeah that makes sense it's just it's just it's more of a fun fact that oh this is where they used to do the prices right but I think they moved it uh only like a couple years ago but anyway
The New York location, the Dallas... It was Dallas, not Houston, right?
Those locations are also big indoor spaces, it seems like.
So I wonder if they are setting it up as some sort of... Maybe you go from room to room and you'll see the various launch games and you'll get a chance to do hands-on with each launch game.
I don't know.
Because originally when...
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
They seem to know about how long the experience is going to take and that they have everything on tight windows.
I kind of go, maybe they are doing something a little more structured that's intended to move people through in a reasonable amount of time and that they know what that capacity is so that they don't have giant lines on lines and crowd control situations.
So it sounds like it might be an interesting event.
I don't know if I'm willing to go to LA.
Nah.
That's a lot.
I was going to mention a few things that were confirmed.
So first off, backwards compatibility is confirmed.
However, they do have the caveat of some titles may not be compatible.
That's a little weird.
Well, that's not necessarily... Well, they announced the backwards compatibility thing a few months ago.
The problem was they didn't announce the Kavat until now.
Well, I think the caveat there is essentially that it's probably more along the lines of stuff that requires the Nintendo Switch controller to be used in certain ways, like Labo, for example.
The new Joy-Cons are not going to fit Labo.
Oh, okay, I gotcha.
So, like, that, I think that's what that's about.
Didn't they go image abandon Labo?
Yeah, but there's like other things that may have that kind of things and they kind of have to point that stuff out just in case.
Yeah, legally when they make a claim like that, they want to avoid anything, you know, even if, yeah, you're right for the most part.
But you never know, somebody might have built the 3D, the 3D glasses thing in Labo is kind of cute.
So somebody might want to try that on their Switch 2 and then they'll realize, oh, not only is the Switch 2 system too big to actually fit the specs, the old one, but then the controllers and da-da-da-da-da.
I'm also surprised how black the controllers are.
Whereas they are kind of the red and blue, it's mostly black.
So I'm wondering if we'll see more variations on that probably later on down the road.
I'm sure we will.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
that's the way my Switch is but yeah I mean they could release controllers and I'm sure they will that are Zelda themed Pokemon themed is like a guarantee that'll have you know different things for whenever Gen 10 or maybe Legends Z to A is announced but I'm very curious to see how some of these games now I'm thinking maybe at that LA event they'll have Pokemon Legends Z to A dang maybe I should register just see if I get it or not
I mean, you know, essentially it could be coming out in a few months.
Like, I don't know.
It's true.
It's a long drive.
Yeah, it is a long drive, but I could, you know, I can make a weekend of it and be like, oh, I'll go see Victoria.
I still have not been to Mario Land, which is not that far.
Universal Studios and all that is all relatively in the same area.
It's all north of downtown.
I kind of want to go.
I know, right?
So, yeah.
S200 Matt says, yeah, isn't there a Pokemon event coming up where they're going to show off Z-Day?
There's always a Pokemon thing at the end of February.
I don't know if that's the anniversary of Pokemon, but it marks some sort of event.
So it's expected we will see more Pokemon Legends footage soon.
It's expected.
That doesn't mean we'll get it, but it's expected we're going to see more of that towards the end of February.
So with that.
But, you know, Pokemon obviously has all these other things are doing well.
The trading card pocket game, which I think we have a story on later.
And, oh, the trading card game itself.
My goodness.
Have you seen these videos of people fighting at Costco over trade?
Like it's Black Friday or something, but it's these Pokemon trading card releases.
and they roll out the pallet at Costco and grown men fighting each other over these things so they can sell them on eBay.
It's so silly.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's ridiculous.
Whatever.
Yeah.
Unfortunately, that was one of the last videos I saw on TikTok before it hit the shitter.
No, I know it's back.
Y'all think I'm never on the internet.
I know it's back.
But it's just, you know, obviously we were down for a little bit.
Funny enough, do you know, legit, hand to God, do you know what the last video was I saw on TikTok?
Because remember they pulled it early, like two hours ago?
Or two hours, not two hours ago, two hours before it was supposed to.
Hand to God, the last thing that came up on my algorithm before that pop-up that said, sorry, we're going dark, came up.
It was one of DarkSakura's Dead by Daylight.
really?
which one?
I don't remember retrospect now because I was too flustered at the closure you were on Ormond or the new one or something oh probably one of the pet the dog ones oh it might have been but yeah it did crack me up I was like oh legit Jamie's talk is the last thing I see before it all goes to hell so anyway Loki what else on the Switch 2?
anything else?
Mario Kart looks cool.
People have been speculating, obviously, just based off of what little footage in there.
We love that.
Well, yeah, I mean, the first thing I noticed was the tracks look huge.
Like, just at least the one that they showed off, it looks absolutely much larger than normal stuff.
And going along with that, people have spotted that there are 24 starting line positions for
Alluding to 24 players, maybe, which is a lot more than what we get right now.
Isn't that like double, I think?
Or I don't know what it's up to if it's 12 or I think it's 12.
I think it is 12.
But I think when you're all playing on one console, I don't think you can have more than eight on one console.
Because I remember something about the Bluetooth noise wouldn't handle more than eight for any game.
which you know because my my first instinct was like oh I wonder if you're I wonder if you'll be able to have just like fucking massive amounts of Mario Kart players in one room you know all play and then I was like wait a minute I think there was a thing with like Bluetooth noise and they they actually had to limit it at eight uh because of that issue now who know maybe you know technology's come a long way since the original Switch maybe they found a way to reduce the noise but I I don't know how much stock I put on that so it seems to indicate there will definitely be some type of like online sort of functionality
and it definitely indicates we better be getting Baby Park with 24 racers on it.
I need Baby Park with 24 racers on it.
It's going to be so ridiculous.
I can't wait.
That's the whole reason to play a game like that.
Baby Park should have been the track they showed.
Tiger Class says, could the new Mario Kart have tracks based on the movie?
Sure, it could.
you know I well there have already been people you know again going down the rabbit hole that Donkey Kong looks more like movie Donkey Kong than he does you know original so sure I mean why not and I'm not I'm not saying that to be sarcastic so yeah why why not do the
Here's the thing, too.
You know, folks, these games have been in development for a while.
You know, a lot of that stuff, the movie stuff, could have been based off of the designs that they had already for the actual games and characters.
So it could be that the game actually did inform the movie.
So maybe the Mario Brothers movie was secretly a Mario Kart Direct the whole time.
Maybe.
We down.
We down.
Let's get some Mad Max carts in there.
Heck yeah.
I think Mario Kart is such a good fucking game to launch a system with, though.
Obviously, it's one of Nintendo's best games.
I like that there's a lot going on here that Nintendo is just admitting, this is what works.
Let's just do it.
I feel like the console itself, even just calling it Nintendo Switch 2, which I do believe is the final name.
Bobby and I were having a little bit of a riff because he was saying he doesn't...
But he's saying he doesn't think it's the final name.
I said, eh, it's in the press release.
But to be fair, if you scrape the trademark database, it doesn't come up yet.
But that's a slow process.
But I do think that's the name.
And why not?
I've seen a surprising amount of discourse over the name, but I'm like, it works for PlayStation.
It works.
for iPhones and Pixels.
It works for everything else.
I like that Nintendo is leaning into just what works and giving us more of it.
I really think this is what people have wanted for a long time.
They want Mario in 4K.
They want Mario Kart in 4K.
And Mario Kart is Nintendo's biggest, Mario Kart 8 anyway, has been Nintendo's biggest game of like the last 10 years.
So yes, of course, this is a great fucking idea to launch a console with it.
Yeah, and what's funny, though, is, like, people are already judging it.
Their logo's just too much the same.
It's like, we don't even know how any of this functions right now.
You just know what it looks like.
I'm disappointed.
Like, oh, well, too bad.
No one cares.
No one cares that you're disappointed by pictures in a trailer.
And you know what?
Don't buy one.
Don't buy one.
Leave some for the rest of us.
If you are going on the internet saying Mario Kart looks too samesy, you know what?
Do us all a favor.
All a favor.
Don't buy one.
Please.
Because then there will be more for the rest of us to pre-order and have our hands on.
But I'm hoping this long lead time and all of these hardware releases and all this stuff...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
We'll see, we'll see.
I mean, we don't know until they really unveil the curtain on it because you can't trust leakers and all of that stuff.
So, yeah, the Mario Kart game looks sweet.
What have the rumors also been saying?
There's a lot of third-party stuff that's been confirmed, right?
Like things that were on PS4 and PS5 that skipped the original Switch probably because of lack of power, right?
So like the Star Wars games have been rumored for Switch 2, right?
I haven't heard anything.
There's got to be a No Man's Sky update.
I will be shocked.
if there's not a No Man's Sky release for Switch 2 that leans into everything.
Not just a backwards compatible, but like an actual Switch 2 release that leans into the power of that console.
I would be absolutely shocked if they don't have something like that.
I don't know.
I'm just excited for it.
It's nice to finally be excited for...
some things like I don't know it's just like like I'm so sick of the overanalyze I mean this is what we do but like I'm so sick of like the overanalyzing everything from like a two minute trailer people like already saying oh I'm disappointed like what is it that you wanted like what what possible thing I don't know it's just it's just silly but I hope there's good games and I hope it's a good launch
Bob Coffee in chat, I love this, says, Internet pre-Switch announcement.
We want Nintendo stuff in 4K, Internet after Switch trailer.
Why can't Nintendo do crazy stuff like Wii U?
The Internet doesn't know what it wants.
No one's happy.
On the Internet?
No one is ever satisfied?
Are you sure?
The point of the Internet is to not be happy.
Only a few of us are allowed to be happy and we're in the corner with the possum memes.
It's called doom scrolling, not happy scrolling.
Listen, folks.
With the state of the world that it's in...
I'll take just a plain, you know, new Nintendo console with no frills and just, it's just better than the last one.
Yes, this is what I want.
Like, yes, do it.
And, you know, I'm fine because they already said they're keeping Nintendo Switch Online, right?
Like, that's already been something they've confirmed, right?
Nintendo Switch Online is still going to be a thing here.
Well, if it's backwards compatible, it has to be.
Like, that library would just move over.
And I am A-OK with that because it means they're not going to drip feed all this shit again.
They either have to add new things or, well, maybe they just have to add new things such as DS games that maybe you can play vertical.
Wii games.
Heck yeah.
Psych truck.
GameCube games.
Hell yeah.
But we'll see.
We'll see, you know.
we'll have to just wait until April and that's just the way it's going to be we have to wait until early April to find out more but then literally the week after they show that people are going to be getting their hands on it at these different events fifth dream physical Switch cards will fit it is backwards compatible with the cartridges it's just there's going to be some games that are Switch 2 only games yes
It's like a CD and a DVD.
The DVD drive will still read the CDs, but there's also DVDs that will only work not on a CD drive.
There, I made a reference for you, 30 and 40-somethings.
Let's see.
Something else I kind of wanted to say about all this, which I am assuming here, but I think it is safe to do so, that you're going to have a similar infrastructure with eShop and all that so that your digital library...
which for some of us is pretty big, should come right over to Switch 2 and Switch 2 should have more memory so you can have more of it.
Let's just hope that they do a better job of their online store with the new one.
Okay, so did you hear this?
Because Bobby went over this on his show, but I saw this same thing on Blue Sky.
So one of our people that hang out here on VOG, it was OrangeRite that did this, right?
OrangeRite or was it QuestBuster?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
created their better eShop.
But what they did was that they... And they said, we made it in a week.
It's a better eShop, and we did it in a week.
And what happened was that they've labeled all these games, categorized them, but they've labeled... They're like, we're trying to thin out the shovelware.
Okay, it was orange, right?
Thank you.
Okay.
Um...
And then repost it.
But your bleat is how I saw it, okay?
So they labeled a bunch of games based on what they've reviewed and so forth.
But they said they're trying to cut down on the amount of shovelware that's on the platform.
Because that is Nintendo eShop's worst problem is the amount of shovelware on it.
But the problem is they kind of classified everything by default as shovelware.
So when you go into the shovelware category, it's like all of these games that aren't necessarily bad.
And again, as Bobby pointed out, I saw one that Orange Rite had highlighted that kind of ticked me off because I know the person that made it.
And so I was like, uh, that's not shovelware.
Grow Up, you know, type of thing.
And to Orange Wright's credit, he was highlighting, I think he was doing like highlighting these games that should be, or should not be shovelware.
They are actually decent games.
Because I remember he pulled out Pix the Cat, which was a decent place.
I don't call that shovelware.
It was a decent indie Pac-Man inspired early PlayStation title, PS4 type title.
So there's all these games that are just called shovelware, which is a bunch of bull.
because these games are not shoveled.
They are uncategorized games.
You have not had the time to go in and properly categorize them, so you're throwing them all in as shovelware.
Bobby pointed out there was a P-Cross game in there.
One of Nintendo's own franchises is shovelware?
grow up as a complete... I'm sorry because I know it seems like it's such a small thing, but to the people that work very hard on developing their games and doing all this stuff, this shows why a lot of this shit is harder than you think.
And when you're up there going, look at us, we did it better in a week.
Did you?
Because for a lot of people, you did it a lot worse by doing them a disservice by calling it shovelware.
And that whole idea was extremely immature.
and I realize it's the internet there's a lot of immature shit on the internet but if you want to be taken seriously by the big boys like Nintendo you need to act like a grown up and calling all these things shovelware is not acting like a grown up and I might be sounding like a bitch right now but guess what when Nintendo stops sending you advanced copies of things when you act like a bitch you deserve to be bitched how about that that
Listen to her.
How about a categorized fuck you?
and there would be a lot of indie developers that would say that Deft in chat says they did it unintentionally but at the same time they totally did a disservice to all the indie devs out there who put out legit and fun stuff just because they wanted to push it ASAP without actually curating the thing ding ding ding gold star comment that's it that's the problem
And, you know, again, is it really a better eShop when you are just poo-pooing away these indie games?
And were there, yeah, there's like 8,000 games in that shovelware.
Are some of them actually shovelware?
Sure.
Sure they are.
but guess what not all of them and you're doing a huge disservice to the ones that aren't and I'm okay I am okay I will say this they had a category for like asset flip or something like that which were just games that very clearly just flipped assets in the Unity store and did that whole thing I am
A little more okay with that.
I do still hope there is some curation there because just because somebody bought a pre-done pack of texture pack thing doesn't make the game bad.
I'm going to use an example here.
So we used to talk a lot about an AR game, not by Niantic, called Orna, right?
You remember when we used to talk about that game a lot?
Orna is an AR game and it's like an 8-bit or maybe 16-bit RPG, but it's in the real world.
And you go out and do that.
And they put out an offline version of Orna called Aetheric or something like that.
That uses like a sprite pack that you can buy in one of those things, you know, and they made it and you'll see those same sprites in other games.
So just because they had to use a pack to get it doesn't make the game bad by nature.
something else to consider and I don't know to what extent you know again because I'm not claiming to have the better eShop or whatever I'm not going through and categorizing I don't know what extent they have but I really hope they haven't categorized things as asset flips that are actually relatively original ideas that just yeah they the person that wanted to make their game was not an artist so they they used pre-done packs I don't think that's a big deal
as long as the game's innovative.
Some artists got paid for it.
Yeah, that's right.
The artists who made it.
As long as it was through official stores and not AI.
That's the label y'all need to have.
AI art.
That's the label we gotta look out for in the future.
Anything else on Switch 2?
I know we've got a lot of tangents, but hey, it's a big story this week.
Looks cool.
I want to wait for more information.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
If it runs original Switch games better, and I'm not expecting that to happen, although I am kind of hoping.
I'm crossing my fingers on my toes.
If it runs original Switch games better, that's all I need.
Those are my three games right there.
I'll buy it just to play...
Last Generation's Pokemon games, Scarlet Vite, just to play those a little better with a little bit enhanced performance.
That right there makes Switch 2 a must-have.
Pokemon Legends, same thing.
But I'm so fucking there for Legends Z to A. I already know, like, it's fine.
I already know.
Mario Kart, Legends Z A, Metroid Prime 4.
Say less.
I've seen enough.
I'm buying it.
That's all I need.
But again, these are literally all more of the same, and I'm fine with it.
But I will show love to the indies, too, as those games pop up and show up on my radar, as always.
Okay, thank you.
Deft agrees with me in chat.
Thank you.
If Pokemon Scarlet Violet runs way better and smoother, day one.
Exactly.
That's all you need.
That's really all you need.
Run the Switch games better.
Done.
Done and done.
Alright.
Let's move on and talk about the types.
Maybe we'd get a good Dead by Daylight.
Yeah, I don't see why Dead by Daylight wouldn't release a Switch 2 tuned version.
You know, there's a lot of jokes on Twitch and the Twitch community.
I'm sure you've heard these or made these too about when you have a killer.
You're playing on Switch.
I'm sorry.
It's not just you're playing on Switch.
You're playing on Switch on the McDonald's Wi-Fi.
That's where some killers... I have actually seen Hex Switch Player.
That's good.
Except you can't make that your name on the Switch.
I guess you could.
You can name your me.
I guess you can rename your account on the Switch.
I've never thought I don't have Dead by Daylight on the Switch.
That's one of those games, with as much as I buy certain games over and over, that's one of the games I don't necessarily feel You can have other profiles on your account too.
Oh, that's a good thought.
Okay, true.
Alright.
Alright, well speaking of Dead by Daylight, let's talk about our gaming weeks and the types of things that we have been playing this week.
DarkSakura, we'll start with you.
Yeah, I played Dead by Daylight.
I'm going to be playing more Dead by Daylight tonight.
Also on Thursday, instead of playing Dead by Daylight, Shayla and I had a complete two-person vote and we decided to play Palia because fuck Dead by Daylight for a minute.
Oh yeah, I saw your Palia thing, yeah.
It got kind of toxic.
People were being shitty, so we were just like, we're not going to deal with it.
I've been playing Dragon Age The Veil Guard, of course.
I'm on my second playthrough.
I am trying to do everything I did not do my first playthrough, like the things that I kind of sped through parts of the game and missed, so I'm getting that done.
There's this cool scene where you just go grocery shopping with Lucanus, and I love it.
It's very charming.
I also played a little Bellatro today.
I'm not addicted to it, no matter what people like to tease about.
I play the game like maybe on Sunday for an hour while I'm watching YouTube videos with Dan, which is literally what happened today.
Um, I am playing Fruit Mountain, which I'm still kind of hooked on.
I am playing Moonlight Mahjong, just because it's my stress relief game.
Like, I'm actually gonna label, name the stuff I've been playing, like, for real.
I've also been playing, uh, uh, the, uh, Suika game a bit.
I don't know why, I just really, it's relaxing and frustrating at the same time.
Um, I am...
I'm working on I was telling Loki about this earlier I'm going to finally finish up my project management thing and get into a Unity course to actually check on Unity and Swift integration to make nothing but UI stuff, UI UX stuff to practice for a position I want to apply for at work and
just like I'm actually and I even have a visual novel designer but I'm working my comic as a visual novel style basically it's just going to be animated and autoplayed I've got stuff in line I've got things going on but those are most of what I've been playing
and I'm still trying to I went looking to buy a game specifically and it's way out of my budget but I've been looking for a copy of Vibripple affordably now I did buy a Japanese Umjamur Lami which should be on its way so I can play in hell I'm on this Nana Onsha kick
I've just been watching Mojibribbon and Parappa playthroughs and Parappa remixes I don't even know how that happened, but it happened and I'm just sort of going with it I'm glad I'm not the only person in this universe that has trouble on Cheep Cheep's level
um you know talking about getting new games makes me think you know um Alan and I are sort of lightly starting to explore this idea so I don't know if you know this DarkSakura but um we actually uh so when we it was a couple years ago DarkSakura actually gave us old couches an old couch and an old love seat that her and Dan had I'm sad to say those finally went to couch heaven they'd seen better years they were they were they were they were past their prime um so we actually replaced with they were really comfortable though when we got them
Yeah, just, you know, over the years, they started to, you could, like, feel the metal, and it was like, oh, okay, it's time to get stuff.
You know, we've been pretty fortunate with our day jobs and stuff.
You know, the decision to buy those was the nap test.
Yeah.
I literally took a nap in the store.
No, they served us.
And because... Yeah.
Go ahead.
I was going to say, they served us well, and we're thankful.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But... Well, um...
I was going to say about the purchasing.
We bought a new couch and all that.
So we actually have like an L-shaped one for our house now to kind of fit the room and all that.
Some of you may have snuck a picture of it because there's a picture of Cheddar I think that Alan put up that's actually on the new furniture.
But anyway, but we also, we didn't just get rid of that.
We got rid of an old recliner that I had for my parents.
We got rid of the coffee table that just didn't seem better years.
We got rid of a futon that we had that was upstairs and kind of seemed better.
We purged a lot of stuff and actually felt really good.
But now because we have all that space downstairs, we're thinking about getting a new coffee table.
But this has gone to, should we be those people and get a cocktail cabinet table?
And specifically maybe one of those built... I was actually thinking what Bobby Blackwolf has in his basement, how he has the custom machine and the custom pinball thing, but maybe a custom...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
So that's, that's my long winded way of saying you were talking about like what the buy games, I'm, we're thinking about picking up a piece of furniture like that.
It probably won't be right away because we've, we, you know, we spend enough money on the furniture, but maybe after a few months we save some more money, maybe something like that.
So I'm just going to have you keep some things in mind.
Mm hmm.
maintenance cost and will you be able to use storage as well so those are the things we had talked about getting a coffee table I mean right now it's not going to work with all the stuff that we have that we're organizing but I was more thinking of having one of those lift top ones and making it a board gaming table with like a removable area for dice rolling and stuff like that
Yeah, that's it.
eventually because we don't really need the kitchen table that we have currently that's also very very old our kitchen tables you've had that one for like ever uh-huh and that's that's like actually we probably would have gotten rid of that too if we hadn't like filled up the junk hauler with all this other crap because we got we had so much other like just like giant arcade one-up boxes we hadn't been able to break it can't fit in our face it's just like things that just needed to go it felt really good to purge all that stuff so
Anyway, we were on gateways.
We're in the middle of the office purge.
But I mean, but I have to say, I found things doing my office purge.
I found Famicom games.
Oh my god, nice.
I found a WaterSwan game.
That's, what game?
Final Fantasy 2.
Nice.
Perfect.
It's like...
where did i and then like and then like i remember oh yeah i bought this here and like stuff that i picked up at like twitch con and i found a lanyard of disneyland pins and the big pin on the bottom of it said it's i'm celebrating and it says my guinness world record oh you went that recently
It was after TwitchCon.
Oh, right.
Okay, yeah.
Yeah, that would have been after all that.
Okay.
And it was that one.
And I'm like, ah!
I can't, yeah, put this aside.
I need to laminate it so that the stuff doesn't wear off.
Alright.
Nice.
Alright, we were in Gaming Week, so I'm sorry.
I was the one who derailed that.
But did you have anything else here in Gaming Week, DarkSakura?
Um, no.
Alright, then Loki, how was your Gaming Week?
I was working just basically trying to get the water ride done in my theme park and it is working I don't want to say done I keep like nothing is ever done I have more art assets I have to make but functionally it works and it is done it just needs I've been polishing this thing for like months now but it is improving
It'll be very impressive.
Everybody that I've shown it to has been blown away by what it is.
It is essentially a theme park ride.
It is like you went to Disneyland and rode a splash mountain or something like that.
and DarkSakura.
The owner of the lumber mill is this beaver guy named Doug Beaverton.
I was channeling Doug Dimmadome from the Fairly Oddparents for this character, so he essentially found that you can mix, like,
TreeSap and Honey and possibly bees to make an energy drink and then these raccoons got into that energy drink and now they're bouncing all over the place and so making a mess of things and you have to essentially tranquilize them with darts to um
You know, stop them from destroying the place.
And so the whole ride goes through, like, the outside of the lumber mill, through the lumber mill, up the mountain, through some caves, and then into this raccoon city that's inside of, not really raccoon city, gotta call it raccoon town because everybody gets confused with raccoon city and Resident Evil, but it goes through this, like, shanty town inside of there, and it's just kind of this whole story that goes along through there, and that Doug Beaverton character is
as an animatronic throughout the ride, like kind of making weird comments about things and funny quotes and stuff.
So it's just, I don't know, it feels like an actual water ride.
And mixing some of the mods that we had to allow for custom audio and that type of thing and custom models that I've made in the game, it really just...
Sells it.
The vibes are there for it.
So I think once it gets in the video, which will be soon, I was originally going to put this out and then do another video for the rest of the park, but I am just at this point just trying to get everything done because we have our world tour day, which is essentially on the 8th.
And...
so everything has to be done by then so I was doing the Wild West area today and finishing that up that wasn't quite finished because the guy that was helping me with that he started it and it's like half done so I have to finish all that but it's
It's really cool.
That's all I can say.
The video will be coming out hopefully soon.
Like I said, there's just lots of stuff.
All of it unrelated to Minecraft right now.
I have to create a lot of custom assets like billboards and stuff and signs and everything and Photoshop and all that.
But...
it's gonna, I think it's something that no one's ever done before to this level and it's a water ride too which I've never seen that done in Minecraft and it's funny though, the guy that inspired me this
DINGYFREED
in the functionality of it and everything and all the redstone behind it actually tracks the score up to 10 boats at a time so you can have 10 riders on which is the maximum that can fit in the ride at any given time and it will track their scores individually as it goes through the ride and then display it at the end on this three digit seven segment display it's just crazy yeah
so look forward to that soon and I'll let everybody know but I am so glad to be done with that part but still not I'll be even more relieved when everything is done
Alright.
Well, if that's it, let's see my gaming week.
You know, the usual stuff that I play.
World of Warcraft.
I got a second character to level 80.
Yay, I have a disc priest now at 80 as well as a holy pally.
I love healers.
So, yeah, there's that.
And then I even played a little bit of Final Fantasy XIV again.
It had actually been a while since I played, but somebody asked me to play and I was like, sure, I'll come play for a little bit.
And I was like, oh, juggling two MMOs is very hard.
I probably will let WoW go when there's something kind of...
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I also was playing the original, or I should say the NES version, not the original, but the NES version, this custom ROM of Pac-Man Championship Edition.
And I remember playing that in one of the Pac-Man, I think it was in that most recent Pac-Man collection that came out on PlayStation, Xbox, PC, all that stuff.
They actually did a demake of Pac-Man Championship Edition, and it's actually really good.
It's really cute.
And so that ROM's been fun to play.
And I actually was, part of what kind of...
spawned that whole thing is I was randomly playing Pac-Man Championship Edition 2 which is a game that's a few years old at this point but I was randomly playing that game on my Steam Deck because you know I'm like visiting things on my Steam Deck uh just you know that play well and yeah I was like oh this game is still kind of fun like I know it wasn't received super well because the ghosts on rails mechanic kind of is weird I kind of I do understand why they did it but it does make the game a little difficult sometimes but um yeah I've been enjoying it so yeah
That's pretty much it for my game of the week.
So, alright, with that, we will move on into other stories going on tonight.
So, let's get into it.
Loki, what's going on at Sony's?
More cancelled live service games.
And some of these, I mean, I don't know if we really knew a lot of these were coming, because they don't sound good, but they've been cancelled, so I guess it doesn't matter anymore.
So, apparently...
the uh there was a couple games canceled by Ben Studios and Bluepoint Games according to a report by Bloomberg and these the two projects that they were working on were these online live service games one of them was a live service spinoff of the God of War franchise you um and
Well, they put the name on it to sell it.
Like, you know, that's... It would have been just... To guarantee sales, they put God of War's name on it.
That's what it was.
Yeah.
They said, you know, Bend and Bluepoint are highly accomplished teams who are valued members of the PlayStation Studio families and we're working closely with each studio to determine what the next projects are.
And then apparently...
Let's see.
Yeah, we don't know what the other game was, but of course, you know, Ben Studios had done Days Gone before.
I don't know if it's maybe a spinoff of that, but I guess they learned their lesson with Concord, maybe?
And they're kind of pulling back a little bit.
We'll see.
I don't know, but...
I think it's a mistake to go all in on live service games.
Yeah, that was... I know that's tempting, but... Definitely an error on their part.
I mean, not all live service games are terrible.
I played Diablo 4 as a live service game.
I really enjoy it.
You know, there's other games that, you know, and some people enjoy Destiny, or at least used to.
And there's, you know, there's other things that people really enjoy.
Marvel Rivals is a live service game that a lot of people are playing lately.
You know, there's...
There are good ones out there that people enjoy, but it's just their whole idea to flood the market.
Everything's got to be live service.
I think that was a poor decision.
The God of War game might have been decent.
We might actually be looking at a case of, unfortunately, it's the reverse.
Now because this game did poorly, this game that might have been alright got thrown out as well.
That is a bummer.
It might have been okay.
so apparently according to screenshots that were DMCA'd taken down from the website that was reporting that the Ben Studio game that they were working on looked like it was a military shooter game so like a Call of Duty or something like that alright, sure
On a somewhat related note, I've been seeing this headline going around talking about the game industry would love Grand Theft Auto 6 to cost $100.
Who?
Oh, I mean, it's...
Online, they make billions of dollars.
This is why they haven't made a new Grand Theft Auto game until now.
And, like, honestly, the whole argument that, like, well, games aren't profitable anymore, and so we have to raise the price, you know, it's like, well...
No, see, because when I bought a game, let's just say an $80 game back on the Super Nintendo or something like that, that's not the same as a $70 game that's coming out now, but then a $30 season pass, and then more microtransactions on top of that.
It's like the Super Nintendo game did not have the ability to...
DarkSakura,
Those tapes, the VHS tapes, cost upwards to like $120 a tape.
It was very expensive because they are selling it for the intent and purpose of rental, and so therefore the price of that is...
I mean, they just probably marked it up so they can make a ton of money off of it, but that's what it was for.
Backing it up.
Not that anybody thinks you're lying, but I remember because that first job I had was at a video store, and when customers lost tapes, it blew their fucking mind that, like, yeah, the lost tape fee is, you know, $120.
It was like, what?
What?
But these tapes are like $20 at Walmart.
You lost a movie.
We had a big book that showed all the going prices of everything.
And some movie, like Jurassic Park, some of the things that were really consumed massively were priced for sale immediately.
I think something like Jurassic Park was only $20 when it came out.
Every household had that movie.
Most movies were...
that what you're talking about like rental and sell through is what they called it so rental the movie prices were much higher and then sell through it was basically you know that you could sell it for 20 bucks and that's what the price was so it eventually comes down in price after that rental window or whatever uh that thing changed with like a dvd and uh blu-ray of course but
The point being, though, is a lot of these higher-priced games, yeah, they may be at a higher price up front, but they're not getting you on the back end with all this stuff.
Whereas, like, a $70 game from Rockstar, like, they're not going to have microtransactions.
They made billions and billions and billions and billions of dollars on Grand Theft Auto Online.
I mean, this is a game that unnecessarily charges you for rent.
for maintaining your garage.
That doesn't need to be a gameplay element in the game.
They put it in there because they're making you grind for this and they're making it so that you want to buy these shark cards because that's where they're making all their money.
So like, I don't, yeah, sure.
The rest of the industry, probably Ubisoft as well, you know, would love it if the base price could be $100 because then they could just slap, you know, their pirate game that has literally no effort put into it and charge $100 and call it a quintuple A game.
And, you know,
Be the end of that.
Make another $30 on their game.
Something like Grand Theft Auto 6 could probably get away with it.
Something like Final Fantasy 17 could probably get away with it.
Something like Mario Kart, quite honestly, could probably get away with it.
But the problem is, you want to complain about lack of innovation in the gaming space, you have these other type of games that would never fetch that kind of money.
And the reality is, the gaming space is competing against, for all those games, you have your $20 Bellatro.
$5 Vampire Survivors.
Games run the gamut of costs now, and I think it is much more important for companies to be able to show that value for what they're asking for up front.
It's also like this open secret, like
I don't know about you all, I never buy Mortal Kombat games at launch anymore.
Why would I?
I know they're going to cost $70.
They're going to nickel and dime for every character.
And eventually, maybe I'll have to wait two to three years, but eventually there's going to be a version that comes out that's $40 for fucking everything.
That's the version I'll get.
Thank you very much.
And I think we all know that now.
Yeah, and you have to remember now, like, as the sales charts have shown, and, you know, to the chagrin, I guess, of Sony and stuff, so here's another fun fact here, too.
Oh, fine.
So, you know, all of these companies are charging, like, you know, $70 for their games, because games are too expensive.
Mind you, that they are selling the far majority of them on their own...
own digital platform.
Now that $70 typically would have a 30% margin built in for the middleman in there.
So you have your distributors, you have your retailers, and you have all that stuff at retail.
So everybody makes a little cut of that.
when you remove all those middlemen they're making even more profit on top of that so don't give me this oh we're poor we can't make anything off of our game so we have to keep raising the price you're making way more margin up front you're making margin on the back end and it's just it's ridiculous all around so I just I don't see the point of them pushing all this stuff and then then then what they do on top of that by the way is that they they add in two bonus cosmetic skins that cost them next to nothing to make that only come when you buy it on their store
or they charge you for cosmetic skins that are really just like recolors of stuff here's the thing we we live in a digital marketplace right now where you know before you'd have to pre-order your game because there was a finite number of copies coming out for physical but if you're buying digital there is absolutely no reason to pre-order games anymore and you probably shouldn't because you don't know what state those games are going to come out in and just because some you know
All right.
Well, let's move on.
Sorry, but I had to bring that because when I, yeah, all that other stuff, I was like, oh, I wonder about that $100 Grand Theft Auto.
Surely Loki has an opinion on that.
All right.
I'm not buying it for $100.
No, they're not.
By the way, and I'm saying they're not confirming that's the price.
It was more of a think piece on the industry would love to see this.
Yeah.
Hypothetically, the base game comes out at $99.99.
No, I'm good.
I guarantee it'll be a $70 game and then they're just going to nickel and dime you to death like they always do.
That's what'll happen.
All right.
Well, let's talk about this.
Oh, boy.
You knew this story was going to come up at some point because obviously there's been a lot going on in the world politically.
We know tomorrow is going to be an interesting day.
And I would just, you know, all I'm going to say is this.
Tomorrow, I'm going to be focusing on Martin Luther King Jr.
Day.
There you go.
Find something else to do, whether that's going outside.
And I'm working.
Getting together with friends.
Working.
Great.
At least you're not part of, you know, in the spirit of Martin Luther King.
Getting double and a half pay?
Hell yeah.
In the spirit of Martin Luther King Jr.
Day, volunteerism is very much encouraged, especially in the Los Angeles area.
There's a big need for a lot of that right now with everything going on.
and so on.
I also realize much of the country, we live in a part of the country where you kind of can go outside right now.
I know much of the country is kind of fucking frozen, but you know, a lot of people are... Air quality is kind of shit up here too.
That's true, that's true.
But anyway, you know, if you can, just make a plan for something to just...
Relax, or work or whatever is going to take your mind off it because there's just a lot of negative stuff that's going to continue to be negative.
That's all.
Anyway, but I'm sure unless you've been living under a rock, you know that the TikTok ban actually happened yesterday for about 14 hours.
Which, by the way, I just want to correct one thing.
Everybody's calling it a TikTok ban.
It actually, the app was never banned.
The distribution of the app was banned.
The servicing of the app from providers within the U.S.
was banned.
But it was never written into it that like, oh, if you use TikTok after it's pulled, you as a consumer are going to be, or this app is, none of that was there.
This was trying to cut it off at the source.
Which is why it was interesting that things went the way they did because they actually shut TikTok off before the app stores did anything at midnight, which was when they kind of, you know, all said they were good.
So it's just, and there's a lot of talk, conspiracy theories, and in my opinion, just a bunch of fucking smoke and mirrors until we have some actual answers.
That's the problem with those types of apps is that everybody's free to, well, I think Meta bought them because this and this and this.
Well, that's great that that's what you think.
But that doesn't make it fact.
You can get up there and rant as long as you want.
It doesn't make it fact.
So we just have to kind of wait and see those types of things.
But TikTok did go down for a few hours, but TikTok took some things with it.
It was pretty much everything related to ByteDance, which was Lemonade, which was their other more Instagram, Pinterest-y app, which is interesting because that was the app they were pushing as a TikTok replacement.
So that felt very strange to me.
is involved or was involved with Marvel Snap, but only very lightly.
They were the publisher of the game.
My understanding is they are no longer the publisher of the game.
The development of this game was actually developed by Second Dinner and it was published under Nuverse, which is a ByteDance subsidiary, that this app also disappeared because the game was temporarily unavailable because I'm going to assume ByteDance was still being credited as a publisher and anything that had that company's name on it had to go.
Xiao Hong Shu is still available from my understanding though.
So it's that whole thing.
The red note?
Yeah, it's red note.
I just signed up for that.
I don't want to get too far into it, but I'm taking it very well.
I understand the memeness.
I understand the lulls in...
The fuck I'm going to go back to Zuckerberg's app.
The fuck I'm going to go to Musk's app.
I don't trust them with my data at all.
I'll just go give my data to China.
And that's kind of what the whole Xiaohangshu exodus or whatever people joining that app is built on.
I will say I think it is kind of adorable in a way.
The folks in China who have been firewalled for a very long time and folks in the U.S.
that are actually like it feels like that whole thing when you have a pen pal when you're a kid.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
You let me know how the water is.
You all confirm there's no piranhas in there.
And then I'll make an educated decision in a few weeks when we see some of these other cards.
I want to keep saying House of Cards, but everything I've heard about Washington, D.C.
is that it is nothing like the television show House of Cards.
And it is everything like the television show Veep with Julia Louis-Dreyfus, if you've ever seen that show, which I would believe.
So, my whole thing that I, I mean, and I just checked it, checked it out, you know, just once, is that the people on there have been really nice and welcoming, but a few people are taking the time to say, you know, our community works different this way.
Here is our cultural, you know, how we treat this app and how, what we would expect you to do because you're coming into our home.
Mm-hmm.
which I think has been a really cool statement that some of the bilingual people have made.
So I've really just been looking through it.
I was like, after five minutes, I was like, okay, I'm done with this.
Thank you.
But I mean, it was interesting.
Yeah, and again, yeah, I wouldn't expect to go onto an app like that and go, okay, here's my video on all the grievances I have with the Chinese government, blah, blah, blah.
I wouldn't do that.
But again, if LGBT content is censored, I can't talk about my actual life.
I'm not going to censor who I am, that whole type of thing.
But I just need a little more clarity on that.
That's all.
I just need to  how far is 
Xiaohang Xu.
Because it's not the same company.
It is not the owners of TikTok and all that that are behind this.
So it's like, how far are they going to go to really try to curate that app to an international audience with this whole thing going on?
So we'll see.
We'll see.
We'll see.
But again, you all have fun in the pool.
I understand why you're doing it.
The lulz is lulzing.
I get it.
The cultural exchange is cute, but I don't need to be there yet.
Y'all get it warmed up.
All right.
Anyway.
Yeah, so anyway, that was all about Marvel Snap ultimately going dark.
I don't believe it's back up yet for whatever reason.
No, it's not.
I checked.
Interesting.
And I'm assuming they're going to have to fix it.
You know, ByteDance isn't actually involved with the game anymore.
So it reminds me of...
It's that, but for Marvel Snap.
They're basically going to have to scrub ByteDance off of everything in there and reassure everybody that it's all data in the States and all this stuff.
Anyway.
I'm enjoying TikTok for the time being.
It's so funny.
I used to never understand TikTok.
And then probably in the last year and a half, I've been really getting into it.
And it's really fun and cute.
I don't create a lot.
I made a video today, though.
I don't make a lot of content.
I was like, how do I follow up my banger from November that went viral?
It's too much pressure, right?
And I finally thought of something this morning where I was like, well, this is kind of funny.
It made me laugh.
So I was like, all right, I'll post it.
But...
I, you know, there's a lot of rumors and things and all this stuff.
I'm going to wait and just see what happens.
I did not love the pop-up message either, but unfortunately, I truly believe we are in for the next four years of this, is that there are going to be a lot of corporations that have their
Lips firmly on the ass of the incoming president because unfortunately they know that's how you get ahead.
That's how you don't get these reactionary things because that's how this guy governs.
We should not live in a country where anybody is able to hold the country hostage in that way.
But unfortunately, elections have consequences.
So y'all that voted for it, I hope you enjoy the next.
I hope you get everything you voted for.
Honestly, though, for the rest of us who didn't, I plan on fighting.
No, and you should.
I'm not saying the rest of us have to roll over, but I'm just saying I think some people are going to be in for a big surprise.
I hope they get bit by their decision.
Big surprise.
How about that?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, and then the whole frustration around this, of course, for me, and again, I'm trying not to get too political, but it's the world we live in.
And yes, it affects games.
Case in point, this whole Marvel Snap thing, that is a political story.
That game came down for political reasons.
So yes, this affects games.
And it's one of those things where...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Joe Biden.
It does rest on Biden.
And I can say Biden is a fine politician.
He's done a lot of great things for this country.
He made a colossally terrible decision in ever deciding to run for re-election and not reading the room that most people are sick of the octogenarian grip on this country.
Or not reading his own mental capacity, honestly enough.
but there's a lot of blame with the people who didn't show up at all and I understand, oh, they weren't enthused about it but that's where I look at it and I go when these next four years play out you're going to feel really sorry about that decision and I hope you can be okay with that that's all I have to say
Anyway, moving on.
I just can't with people.
Yeah, anyway, so how about Evo?
Yeah, give me something to look forward to.
Okay, we had some audio issues live, so we're sorry about any choppiness you might have heard in those last few minutes.
We believe we have fixed that, and we're going to pick back up with our next story, DarkSakura.
EVO 2025 EVO 2025
Official lineup is Fatal Fury, City of the Wolves, which is its first appearance at EVO and the one I'm actually interested in.
Granblue Fantasy vs. Rising, Guilty Gear Strive, Marvel vs. Capcom 2, New Age of Heroes, Mortal Kombat 1, Street Fighter 6, Tekken 8, Under Night in Birth 2, Cicely's.
And then the extended lineup is BlazBlue Central Fiction, Killer Instinct,
The King of Fighters 15, Rivals of Aether 2, Virtua Fighter 5 Revo, question mark, and more question marks, and even more than that.
Oh, I love question mark.
It's my favorite fighting game.
I want to just make a game that's just called, huh?
What?
And it's question marks, but it's pronounced, huh?
Like that, completely like that.
That would be a great game.
Who would play my game, huh?
But I got it.
New, new OLR dream game.
Uh-oh.
What's that?
Anyway.
Oh, question mark is the new OLR Dream Game.
Yeah.
Huh?
It's a new game.
Huh?
That's how it's pronounced.
Anyway.
What?
If you are going to put how to say the name in parentheses, you just have to use phonetic marking for it.
That's my rule.
Maybe when I do my Unity course, I might just name my game that.
Who knows?
It'll start Midna shooting at poop and toys and things.
The game that came to my mind just then when I was like... I think the full name I gave it... This is my dream game, not DarkSakura's.
I was going...
What?
Shoot.
Like that was it, right?
So I picture a shooter game, but the challenge is you're high.
And that's the shooter game.
So that's it.
I picture playing World of Warcraft with the drunk filter.
That's kind of what I picture the huh, what, shoot game would be.
Like point blank, but you're high.
What?
Do you remember my super drunk birthday party at Dave & Buster's where I made it to level 20-something on Luminous?
I actually legit do.
That was a hilarious party.
And before I knew you, when I still lived in Alabama, I beat Raiden... Was it Raiden 3 or Raiden DX on PlayStation, drunk as shit on Everclear.
So...
That wouldn't necessarily work well for me, given that I seem to play better when I'm intoxicated.
Love that.
Anyway, but yeah, I think EVA's going to be great.
It's going to be August 1st to 3rd at the Las Vegas Convention Center, West Hill in, guess, Las Vegas!
My least favorite convention center in the world.
In Las Vegas.
Yay.
That place was a pain in the ass to walk around and find anything in.
And then it was hot.
I do hope EVO's fun though.
Even in October.
I do hope EVO's fun and I hope Jamie Lee Curtis is there in secret.
As she tends to be.
Yes.
Just remember, any cosplayer you see could be Jamie Lee Curtis.
That's true.
I've met her.
She's nice.
um but uh but yeah Evo no uh of course no Smash because of Nintendo and their reasons just reasons all right well maybe maybe there'll be a Switch 2 Smash in the future but at the same time let Sakurai take a vacation like a long one a long vacation yeah yeah all right let's move on Loki
Alright, well Genshin Impact has been ordered by the FTC to stop selling microtransactions to children.
So apparently they have agreed to
Basically block players under 16 years old from making in-game purchases without parental consent.
And this is in order to settle a complaint that was received by the Federal Trade Commission.
They've also agreed to pay a $20 million penalty.
And it says Genshin Impact deceived children, teens, and other players into spending hundreds of dollars on prizes they stood little chance of winning.
Um...
Under the order, they want to prohibit Genshin Impact from selling loot blocks and virtual currency unless it also provides an option to purchase them directly with real money.
Why isn't EA being targeted with this as well?
Maybe they have parental controls.
Yeah, but they have, I think they have parental controls, but, like, I think it's, you know, they have an E-rated game that essentially they're selling loot boxes to.
Like, why is this any different?
I don't know, but yeah, it says Genshin Impact uses a gacha system instead of traditional loot box mechanics, whereas players can pull on banners to win random items or characters and the odds of winning are rare it says allegedly it sees players about the odds of winning and it's rare for loot boxes prizes to it says using a confusing virtual currency system so it is confusing
You've got like four different currencies in that game.
I'm pretty sure that EA, FC, and Madden have the same amount of currencies.
SSJ100Matt makes a very good point.
EA has better lobbyists, meaning like governmental lobbyists.
Yeah, that's the sad truth.
Like that comment is on point.
Yeah.
All right.
Anything else to say on that?
Nope, that's it.
Okay.
I'm disappointed that they, like, yes, it's good that they are looking to stop the predatory practices, but it should be applied to all of the companies because I feel that there's a lot more that have been exploiting children for a lot longer, and I think they should target them.
But yeah, unfortunately, money talks.
Alright.
Yeah, maybe pay your lobbyists a bit more than what I would
Thank you for watching.
I'll see you next time.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
So this is to prevent what could happen in real life where somebody is trading a very rare card for a not so rare card where the other person doesn't know and all of that stuff.
You can only trade cards the same rarity.
There are eight rarity levels in this game, but the cards from the three highest tiers, they cannot be traded.
for now and of course those are the ones that most people who play this video game really want to get I actually think everything I need I would assume all the EXs are in this category and like everything I need to finish my decks are these EX cards like Aerodactyl EX I know is a card I'm missing so I don't know if I can trade for that I think it's in too high of one of the levels for that so everything else I bought with like the Stardust and that stuff so yeah it's kind of takes away the usefulness for some people
Also, items will have to be consumed in order to trade, but they don't say what it is.
Could it be the hourglass currency that already exists in the game for wonder trades?
Are they going to come up with a new currency?
Highly likely.
We'll see.
Could it be Stardust?
I think that's what they call it in the game anyway.
Because you don't really use Stardust for anything except putting cosmetics on cards right now, which I don't think a lot of people use.
So we'll see.
Also, there are more packs, I believe, coming out soon.
I think there is a new expansion level coming soon.
I think they've promised this month or next month.
So that'll be pretty exciting because that always makes the game more interesting and gives you more stuff to open.
And we'll probably give you things to trade.
I think maybe the reason why a lot of people aren't feeling this right now is because they're like, well, I have all the stuff.
I don't need to trade for anything.
but if they release new packs alongside of it then there's going to be stuff you can actively trade for which I think will make a little more sense at least but that's yeah I do enjoy the game I think it's cute I don't give it any money but it's a cute little time waster that's all and I go I try to upvote everybody's cosmetics once a day so you get your shop ticket because I love it when people do that for me I go in once a day and upvote everybody when I remember I don't do it every day because I don't always remember but when I'm sitting there you know
Play in mobile games.
All right.
Well, let's travel back to a simpler time when you couldn't do digital trading card games because you had a cartridge and that was it.
Although, don't think the pick this week is actually from that era, but let's roll the bumper all the same.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
Oh boy, this is one of those games where it's, oh, it's that old, huh?
All right, DarkSakura, what'd you pick for the classic game of the week?
I picked Dark Souls.
And I specifically picked it because of Shayla.
so uh because Shay's been playing quite a bit of this and I never got into it so I'm uh I'm doing it this is a big Alan series as well by the way Alan loves these games so Dark Souls is a game that came out in 2011 it's an action role play game that's developed by From Software published by Namco Bondi Games and it is a spiritual successor to Demon's Souls which is
Considered, I guess, first in the series, I reckon.
So the game takes place in a kingdom called Lordran, where you play a cursed undead character who escapes from the undead asylum and tries to learn more about yourself, I guess.
There is a Windows port with additional content called the Prepare to Die edition.
It came out in August 2012.
and it was released for consoles under the subtitle Artorias of the Abyss in October 2012.
It has been called one of the greatest games ever made, people say, because of the intricate levels, the flavor text, the combat and the difficulty.
the difficulty is very unforgiving um and yeah and it's had some sequels so um it is a third person action role-playing game where you really just need to explore but you really should be cautious because everything will kill you in a hit well not really
but they can kill you pretty fast but you also will get different areas to get from one place to another you also have this bonfire that's a checkpoint for your levels and you can rest there and heal yourself and yeah
but the thing is it's very combat oriented you have melee ranged defense attacks magical abilities you have all kinds of different weaponry from great swords to clubs to maces and spears and stuff you have bows and arrows and crossbows and you have all kinds of different armor and shielding but you have your magic and uh
There's something listing as miracles on there?
I want to play a game where I have miracles.
But then you can also do some smithing and you have consumable items and magical rings and new equipment and all kinds of stuff.
And it's multiplayer.
You can summon other players or NPCs to assist you.
But apparently you can be subject to invasions by others, so there's that.
And then...
you are apparently trying to go through that multiplayer mode to restore your humanity and if you die before you reach it then you lose anything that you've acquired in that mode so you have very restricted interaction as far as communication you have gestures and soapstones where you can write phrases to each other
Although, I mean, we have Discord, so whatever.
But the multiplayer component for the PC version was disabled in February 2022 after a security threat within their matchmaking system was found.
October 2022, Namco Bandai confirmed online multiplayer for Prepare to Die had been permanently disabled due to the aging hardware, but that they are working for restoring multiplayer to the remastered version.
I'm not going to get into the plot.
You're undead.
You have to do stuff.
There's also the expansion, the Artorias of the Abyss, where you, again, are being undead and you're trying to prevent this land from being consumed by the Abyss.
Um...
So let's go back to a little bit of the development.
It was developed by the creator as Hidetaka Miyazaki, who was the director and producer.
Again, it is a spiritual successor to Demon's Souls that was published by Sony.
And Bandai Namco was chosen to do Dark Souls where they could do multiple platform distribution.
So, some of the things that inspired Dark Souls was actually the manga series Berserk.
I don't know if anyone's ever played any of the Berserk games or read the manga or watched any of the anime, but it has that very dark, hellish vibe.
you know, feel to it and as far as some of the locations in the game they're actually modeled after real world locations like the Anor Londo is based off of the Milan Cathedral and Chateau de Chambord so there's that there's also different folklore parallels for Greek mythology, Japanese mythology and French existentialism
Lots of influence by Nietzsche, so there you go.
It's pretty deep.
I mean, it can get pretty deep.
I've seen people, though, be completely silly with this.
The PC version came out August 23, 2012, and there is a mod.
that goes past the resolution cap called DS Fix.
And it was extended to become an official fan-made patch that allowed for graphical improvements and increasing your frame rate and using texture mods.
On December 15, 2014, Games for Windows Live was removed from the Steam version and replaced with Steamworks.
and you could transfer your achievements and your save games and then Dark Souls became available on Xbox One via backwards compatibility in April 2016.
Dark Souls Remastered had a worldwide release on PS4, Xbox One, and Windows in May 2018 and Switch version October 19, 2018.
It was ported by Qlock, a Polish studio, and the Switch version was done by Virtuos, which is out of Singapore.
It runs at an 8 of 60 FPS, except for the Switch, and it supports a 4K resolution on PlayStation 4 Pro, Xbox One, and Windows.
They made some changes to online multiplayer, including dedicated servers and increasing the number of players from 4 to 6 with password matchmaking.
It was very, very well received.
Its PC Metacritic score was 85 out of 100, PS3, 89, Xbox 360, 89.
Famitsu gave it a 37 out of 40.
So, I mean, that's pretty big.
The level design was among its biggest compliments, that and how deep the gameplay and the tone of the game was.
but the extreme difficulty itself though IGN is quoted saying there's a difference between punishing and downright unfair but Eurogamer said that the difficulty may not appeal to casual gamers but yeah it's a
It had some not-so-great reviews for some of the later releases.
So GameSpy said that the original Windows port was shabby, where it was limited to this 30 FPS and poor mouse and keyboard function.
So not everyone received it well enough.
I'm not going to read some of the other discussions about it because they get downright insulting.
But Game Revolution gave it a Game of the Year award for Community Choice Game of the Weird.
It won all sorts of awards.
And it was voted for the Ultimate Game of All Time at the Golden Joystick Awards in 2021.
And so then it created an entire legacy of things now referred to as Souls-like.
Other games that were said to be influenced by it were Destiny, Alienation, Lords of the Fallen, The Surge, Salt and Sanctuary, Shovel Knight.
Titan Souls, Enter the Gungeon, Witcher 3 Wild Hunt, Naio, God of War I mean, but then we also have its own sequels which is, you know, we had Dark Souls 2 and 3 and we've also had its other spiritual successors like Elden Ring and I would even say Sekiro Shadows Die Twice is included in that so there you go, it's Dark Souls
Oh, yeah.
There it is.
That's definitely definitely a classic, a modern classic of sorts.
But yeah, this is a game that I know Alan is very proud of the fact that he has platinum this game or whatever the equivalent of a platinum is on Steam.
But he is which takes a lot of work to do that.
But yeah, it's and I think he did it with Dark Souls 2 as well, but not three.
Like there's I think three is like somehow different or something.
I don't know.
It has cooties or somehow is otherwise different.
But yeah, I know.
And obviously like like cooties.
Like you pointed out there at the end, it kind of has spawned a whole genre of games that are that Souls-like.
And whenever you sort of die and you lose everything and the bag is there, I hear like, oh, that game's the Souls-like.
So it's just kind of funny.
Yeah.
I don't know, like some of the ones that they compared it to like Enter the Gungeon and stuff, I'd see that as less of a Souls-like and more of a roguelike game, but I don't know.
Yeah, a little bit of both.
A little bit of both.
I guess, yeah.
Well, but there's also like the biggest thing that they're including is that there's like the Bonfire checkpoint.
um like respawn points um you know where you go to actually put all your stuff together and uh and you know I guess reconvene yourself um but you know um it it has like some ridiculous death animations you know different ways funny ways that you can die um
but some other games that are included in that too is like Bloodborne even Star Wars Jedi Fallen Order was kind of included in that Darksiders 3 I'm just trying to think of other names that were more that were influenced by some of those games too was like Dead Cells and Blasphemous and Black Myth Wukong but yeah
Yeah, I just think of, like, when, like, Souls, like, it's usually, like, extremely tough bosses.
Extremely fucking difficult, yeah.
It's Shay!
I don't know.
I think they were kind of right with some of it, but, like, yeah, I don't know.
Alright.
So Shay's a small Shay.
Mm-hmm.
who I told I was talking about the game says that basically Dark Souls is somewhat challenging but so fun once you learn builds but PvP is scary oh yeah the PvP in that game seems really nasty
All right.
Well, thank you very much, Dark Souls, your classic game of the week.
All right, we just have a little bit more for you here, and then we'll see if any of you have anything to say from calling in or what have you.
Let's get to some rapid-fire news.
Loki.
All right.
Well, it's that time, that time to tell you about a new thing that you can play Doom on.
I know that you're excited, but now, hey.
Refrigerator.
No, but your office work might be more exciting now because you can play Doom on a PDF.
Oh, what?
Someone has built Doom into a PDF and it only works in Chromium browsers, but it essentially renders the game using ASCII art.
It looks really good.
Yep.
and so yeah you can check out they have a whole github page and there's a full description how they achieved all that but pretty crazy to see Doom in a PDF I'm pretty sure there's like nothing that you can play Doom on or can't play Doom on anymore so and if there is they'll find a way to get it on there so don't you worry don't you worry exactly I just remember playing Doom
Black and White Doom on Mac Classics when I was in college.
Look, after the apocalypse, there will be cockroaches, Cher, and Doom and Linux ports will be the things that are still with us after the apocalypse.
Which may be tomorrow.
Just kidding.
A little dark humor, people.
Dark humor.
then speaking of apocalypse we have a fortnight a new fortnight thing going on where you can actually get skins for Godzilla and King Kong and also turn into Godzilla apparently it looks like kind of like what they did with some of these other events like the Thanos glove and all that stuff
but those will be so they're going to have like cosmetics and stuff it's actually apparently the event's going to run from well already started actually since the 17th through February 21st and you'll have to take down giant sized Godzilla's I don't see any King Kong's though but neat I mean at this point like anything any sort of like IP in Fortnite is not a surprise anymore
I'm just not surprised Bob Coffee in our chat over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network says a Doom PDF is almost as impressive as Doom on a pregnancy test that's right, I forgot about Doom on a pregnancy test that was a few months ago, we had that story that's less, I think, less actually playing Doom on the, I don't think it was running on that that test, I think it was just
um, displayed on that test.
You know what I mean?
Interesting.
Alright.
But still!
But still!
That's still crazy.
Yes.
That's right.
It's still an accomplishment.
Do not belittle the accomplishment.
Alright.
Anyway.
Moving on.
DarkSakura.
So, well, a game that... It's a fun little game, too.
One I've enjoyed playing, of course, I played an import of it before, is there's a game called Mr. Gimmick, which was its original name, that was out in Japan and Sweden.
Yeah.
yeah but it's finally going to get a North American NES release on an actual cartridge on January 24th the pre-orders will go live on January 24th there's a standard version for $60 it gets you the game and the cartridge but there's also a $100 collector's edition that gets you a green cartridge a numbered foil slipcover a deluxe foil box soundtrack 12x16 poster a manual and an enamel pin
and that's being put out by Limited Run Games.
So it's a cute little game.
You play as a little yokai who is given to a girl accidentally as a toy and then she gets kidnapped and you go to save your little friend.
But it was Mr. Gimmick and we're getting it released as Gimmick.
Cool.
All right, well, speaking of retro classics, Edea has licensed nine old titles to Shin Uden is the company that's going to license these.
Then these will show up on modern platforms.
I have to admit, I haven't heard of a lot of these games, but I'm pretty sure I know Final Zone.
And that's the game that's coming out first on the Switch on January 17th.
and there will be ports on other platforms after that as well, such as PS5, Xbox Series, PC.
Y'all know the drill.
These are the titles that will be released.
Do you know any of these, DarkSakura?
These are really obscure ones to me, but we have Dinoland, Exile and Exile Wicked Phenomenon, Final Zone, Gaudi, Barcelona No Case, Griffin, Psycho Dream, Soul Deus and... Psycho Dream.
You know Psycho Dream?
Okay, that's one of them.
I know a few of those.
Oh, I have seen this Psycho Dream before.
I don't know if you did this as a classic game or what, but I've seen this one before.
Yeah, Shinyu Den and Final Zone, actually, both of those.
Okay, yeah.
Wind of Barcelona.
Oh, that's about Gaudi.
That's Anthony Gaudi.
Hmm.
I know of this one.
That EZE shop or whatever they call themselves will label all of this shovelware because this is very niche.
Yeah, this was a PC-88 and Sharp X68000.
Retro titles, yeah.
And it has to do with Gaudi's
Words, words, words, architecture.
That's neat.
So, yeah.
From what I understand, I think it was more of a text-based game, if I recall correctly.
Don't quote me.
Alright, well let's travel around the world and check out some release dates of some other games coming out that aren't just ports or otherwise.
Let's see.
Loki, what's coming out in the US?
Alright, so we have the Curse of Mount Madre on PC.
We have Dokopan Sword of Fury on PC.
This is a thing.
Needy Streamer Overload.
Oh, I've seen this.
I've seen this.
It's just, it's exactly what you would think from that title.
It's PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5.
We have Ender Magnolia, Bloom in the Mist, apparently coming out of early access on PC and Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
We also have Mika and the Witches Mountain, also coming out of Early Access on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
Achilles Legend Untold, that's on Nintendo Switch.
Final Fantasy VII Rebirth on PC.
Guilty Gear Strive on Nintendo Switch.
Let's see, we've got Mercenaries Lament, Requiem of the Silver Wolf on PC, Raven's Watch on Nintendo Switch, Star Wars Episode I Jedi Power Battles on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
Strania, The Stella Machina EX on Nintendo Switch Sword of the Necromancer Resurrection on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series Sin Duality, Echoes of Ada on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series Botany Manor on PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5
Cuisineer on a Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series Eternal Strand on a PC, PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series and I think actually that's it, yeah
I think I actually started getting into some of the 20th as well, but everything before Botany Manor.
Let's talk about the 23rd in Japan on the Nintendo Switch.
Ender Magnolia, Bloom in the Mist is out in Japan as well.
Guilty Gear Strive also being released on the Switch this week.
Neon White comes out in all the languages in Japan this week.
Seifuku Kanojo 2 is out in three different editions, including a regular edition.
That's a funny name.
Yeah.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and I'm not sure Sailor Uniform Schoolgirl I'm actually maybe I could show this last picture but I'm actually a little afraid to show some of the other ones because I would not want to get the fine Voice of Geeks Network band off of Twitch television and those boobies are very big yes
Yes.
At the moment you said the name, I'm like, oh, I bet that's naughty.
Her poor back.
All right.
Anyway, the Sweet Cafe Collection, if you're looking for something hopefully a little more innocent, is coming out in a regular and limited edition also in Japan.
And I think that's it for the 23rd.
So let me get to the PlayStation 5 titles also on the 23rd.
You have some new wireless controller colors out in Japan.
Chroma Teal is out.
You have a game called Sin Duality.
Echo of Eida is out in Japan, as is Neon White also is there.
And Ender Magnolia, Bloom in the Mist is also out on the 23rd in Japan.
Let's go to Europe, DarkSakura.
So, you know, just a few things.
Ender Magnolia, Bloom in the Mist for Switch and 1.0 for PC on the 22nd of January.
23rd, Tokyo Extreme Race for Early Access for PC on the 23rd as well.
Star Wars Episode I, Jedi Power Battles, Switch, PS5, PS4, Xbox Series, blah blah.
Final Fantasy 7 Rebirth for PC on the 23rd and then on the 24th, Senduality Echo of Ada.
That's it.
Alright.
Well guess what folks?
We're getting towards the end of the show.
We sure are.
This is it.
That was everything we had slated.
The Switch 2 has kind of dominated the conversation then all the political things we got into earlier have kind of dominated the tech world as well so you know the gaming news has felt a little bit...
What?
We had other news, but I don't... I'm just going to briefly mention it so we can acknowledge it.
There was drama between an elongated muskrat and the internet because somebody is faking their gaming clout.
So, you know.
I mean, that's not news.
We knew that already.
We knew that already.
What about a muskrat?
The current owner of the social media platform we used to like...
has been making some tall tale claims on their Diablo 4 and Path of Exile 2 performance, of which there have been many professional players, specifically a Path of Exile 2, who very much debunked what he was-
Not to mention that he was also in apparently a live stream talking to people while someone else was playing the game.
They're like, we can see that you're online right now in this game, but you're also over here doing this thing.
No, that's not the thing.
Also, he didn't know how to play it.
I wrote a bleat about this and I wanted to because somebody had yeah I saw the article that I guess Vice ran the whole expose on how he's cheating and the headline read Elon Musk is being accused of cheating at video games by allegedly using loopholes and hiring users to pay for play for him this was my response I'm gonna read this word of word because I think this is important I'm actually glad you brought this up Loki because especially going into tomorrow and what we can expect over the next four years this is very important
He did it because he thinks gamers are fools and easily influenceable.
After all, look at some things born of the Twitter echo chambers such as GamerGate that probably made him interested in it in the first place.
You just marinate on that and don't you forget it.
Elon Musk thinks gamers are gullible.
And I will find this nice little spot on the hill to die on because I said that.
Let them underestimate us.
Well, unfortunately, there's a lot of people that are falling for it, but he's not going to get everybody.
Let them underestimate us.
Absolutely.
We will show them.
Just remember.
I am a firm believer in making those who underestimate you extra comfortable so they don't see it when you utterly destroy them.
DarkSakura said you could hear that mic drop from space.
Well, I'm glad the audio is working again.
All right.
Let's see.
On that note, I will pitch our Discord over at vognetwork.com slash Discord.
You can join us and talk to us throughout the week.
If you do want to call in real quick, we have the green room is open and available.
Let me check in with you.
We have no email.
Okay.
Well, if you want to send us an email, participate at orangehondrader.com.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
I'm going to go into and make male rules.
Perfect.
Oh, I love that.
I love that.
But I wish that we had a bounce back feature.
I wish we do invite them on the show and just trash them.
Do it.
It's like absolutely.
We need to have like a special episode where we mock our enemies.
I mean, we do that anyway, but still.
Do you know what the fuck this show is?
No, I don't.
I feel like if this was 20 years ago, if this was the Travis Donovan experience, 100%.
100%.
But I just feel like... Maybe it's in for a spinoff.
Now that I'm older, my time is more valuable.
You know what?
I have a fuck you of the week.
Oh boy.
Oh boy.
I do want to point out, though, and I think Bobby Blackwolf has a very good point.
They still want to come on because they feel like they can change you.
They want to debate you and fix you.
I can change you.
I can change you.
I just want to embarrass them.
That's all I need.
I need a big, strong man to change me.
So my FU actually goes toward...
Zuck.
And the entire meta.
Because...
um and this also goes a little bit towards I'm an activist but dot dot dot you know um you're either gonna take a stand or you're not end of story so if you stay on those platforms you are gonna be now I'm not saying go delete your name but don't you know log in don't give it attention don't you know don't let someone else try to steal your identity certainly not
But we're talking about WhatsApp.
We're talking about Facebook.
We're talking about Instagram.
We're talking about threads.
So all of those things.
You are supporting a company that is participating in trans erasure.
Right then and there.
protections have been removed and by continuing to go on these sites you are supporting that there are other nasty things that you are supporting by participating on those websites as well but I'm just saying this right now I'm not pointing fingers at anybody but I want but you know they say if the shoe fits you know
Just saying.
So that's my F you.
There are things for people that feel like they really cannot leave meta everything.
Like Messenger and WhatsApp, I think, are the two that are very difficult for some people because of family contact or international contact or whatever.
If you really feel you can't leave those platforms, there are some really good guides about things you can do.
There are other things you can do to reduce.
There are alternatives too.
Yeah, and there are things you can do to reduce still meta's influence over like, you know, do you need the apps on your phone is a big one to start with because that's the thing that's always pulling your data down, you know, those sorts of things.
Anyway, we actually have somebody here.
There's Line.
I just got on that PixelFed.
Is that it?
Yeah, that one's still a little, it's, yeah, it's, it's got to grow.
But yeah, hopefully it will.
Hopefully it will.
We actually have somebody in the green room.
And I would love to talk to this person.
So yeah, let's bring him on real quick.
Hello, you're on Orange Knowledge Radio.
Who's this?
Hi, it's Aaron.
Hi, Aaron.
How are you?
You sound depressed.
Are you okay?
I'm not depressed, I'm just tired.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Tired in multiple ways.
But there is hope.
My co-worker who is in his 60s was bragging about how he and all the people he knows have now joined Red Note and
are finding all kinds of fun people to talk with there.
If you've heard about that.
And I'm like, wait a minute.
This guy is downloading random Chinese social media apps now?
Well, there's a lot of people that went that direction for sure.
It's pretty interesting to me.
But yeah, this is all...
Social media was a mistake.
It sometimes starts to feel that way, doesn't it?
But I'm sure you didn't call in to talk about... We should have never left LiveJournal.
Seriously!
Seriously.
Anyway, I'm sure you didn't call in just to talk about Xiaohongshu.
I'm sure you have other things on your mind.
What's on your mind?
Well, yes, I'm tired.
I've been staring at this game that I'm creating for a very long time.
Did you know that actually this month marks 10 years since I started working on this little game that I was calling multitasking?
Mm-hmm.
I do.
I do know that because I was messing around with games on my Steam Deck and I saw the forums for Super Multitasking and I have a feeling I know what's coming and I'm really excited.
So, please.
Yeah.
well right now I'm mostly using it for tech support there's this dude I think in Japan who grabbed the beta of SuperDuper multitasking and he's having trouble with it and I figured out that it has to do with the encryption library I'm throwing in there but it's weird because it's working for me so yes multitasking could in theory no actually multitasking
The original multitasking came out on Xbox Live Indie Games in I believe it was either late 2015 or early 2016.
So no, not eligible for Classic Game of the Week just yet.
But bungee ferret tossing is.
Oh, interesting.
Good to know.
Find me a long play video.
You know what?
I would say just wait on it until I finally get my stuff together and release the new version on PC that I worked on several years ago and then didn't finish because I got distracted by other things.
That's how it goes.
So Super Duper Multitasking is in beta right now if people want to check that out.
If you own the game Super Multitasking, if you just put yourself in the beta track, you can go right ahead and play the new one right now.
That's awesome.
But I'm really trying to stick to February 4th as the final ultimate release date because it needs to be done already.
Were you showing it at a show that weekend or something too, if I remember right?
MAGFest this weekend.
Oh god, MAGFest!
Oh, you're showing it at MAG!
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
I'm excited.
I'm tired, though.
I'm looking for it to happen already.
Please get a nap.
I've got a whole bunch of stuff in my hallway already, clogging it up.
But to those out there listening, please go by Aaron's booth, and it'll be very easy to see the game.
You'll know it.
It looks like WarioWare, but like five of them going on at once.
Take a picture.
Oh yeah, I'll take pictures.
I'll take lots of pictures.
People who visit you need to take a picture and show up.
I'll take pictures of them.
I'll be a creeper.
but um if you yeah if you are going to MAG check this game out please because it's so well and I remember the one of the years I did go to MAG was you were showing the game although it wasn't I don't think it was totally out yet it might have been on an Xbox but you didn't you didn't have it totally out yet and you you had like a full booth it seemed like almost the whole time people were always coming by and playing it and like really enjoying it and that's that's the thing when people get their hands on it they realize how addicting it is so I'm I'm really glad you get to put it in front of people at such a show like that that's so good
Yeah, I'm going to run it 24 hours again.
And actually, I'm going to be showing something else with it.
I've been actually asked for this several times over the last few years.
And I said, all right, you know what?
Fine.
It's time to bring back Snake.
Oh, okay.
So the Snake 360, which was one of your early, early games.
That was one of your earliest games, right?
A new version for Steam?
So barely anyone noticed, but in 2016, I put out a new version called Snake Party, which was kind of like the evolution of the battle mode plus some other random stuff like missions and things like that.
So
this is going to be called Snake Party Extreme and it's basically just going to be the Snake 360 campaign the Snake Party battle mode and just like all the things all the things and hopefully I'm going to get around to improving the graphics just a little bit Snake Party Extreme sounds like a fun Saturday night to me
Yeah, it's going to be super fun.
I hope people have a really good time with it.
Yeah, I should sleep though.
And also, I've been streaming The Legend of Zelda ROM hacks on Saturday nights.
I've caught some of that.
That's awesome.
Your YouTube archives of it is what I've kind of noticed.
Oh, cool.
I'm super happy you're watching.
Because it's crazy.
This one dude is just making these crazy ROM hacks where like
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
No!
Zelda Souls.
I did beat it in one stream.
It's not that hard.
Zelda Adventures Link, but I guess it's not the same.
I've gotten original Zelda down below 40 minutes finally.
But the ultimate goal is to beat it in an hour on the dance pad.
I'm not close.
God, I love that.
That's so fun.
Well, stop doing the dance pad so much.
Have you ever tried Rod Calibur?
for the record I was swinging the rod on Soul Calibur back when it first released because I was one of the kooky folks that just had to grab every Dreamcast thing immediately and I was like oh Sega Bass Fishing this is amazing yeah let's I gotta get the rod I have beaten Soul Calibur with the dance pad
I think we tried that one time too because of course we had the Dreamcast DDR also and I don't know I think Rod Calibur was a little more satisfying Can you swing the rod at Snake Party Extreme?
Oh, you can swing it at it but it won't have any function in game unfortunately But it might be fun at the party It absolutely would You can definitely have your snake party with the rod
with a person named Rod.
Rod Rodders, yeah, sure, of course.
Anyway, no, I am.
I'm seriously happy for you.
I'm happy for MagFest.
I'm happy for people to check out and all the silliness of the name.
It is a fun.
I had fun with Snake360.
You know, it's a throwback to the old Nokia Snake game, but, you know, amped up.
Do you still have Kyle Ward's permission for his music?
Because he had a banger soundtrack in that.
Just email them.
Just email them.
We've been conversing.
Yep.
Yep.
He's on board with it.
Yay.
That's great.
I also had a dude make the sound effects for Snake360 he's on board with it the same terms as before they were super easy to work with yeah we're gonna rock like it's 2008
I love it.
I love it.
Everything old is new again.
And let's be real, with everything going on in the world right now, sometimes I wish I was back in 2008.
So, you know, it's good.
It's good.
Well, okay, so dates to look forward to.
You at MAGFest next week.
February 4th, you said, for Super Duper Multitasking.
Hopefully, fingers and toes crossed, you're just one man.
And the free-to-play version, Super Multitasking Go, is releasing on the very same day.
Nice.
And then what about Snake Party?
Or Snake Extreme Snake Party?
Hopefully this year, but I can't commit yet.
Okay, that's fine.
Let YYR rest.
YYR and Sakurai are going to go on a vacation together because they work too hard.
All right.
Well, I'm going to let you go so we can wrap up.
It's always a delight to hear from you.
Awesome.
Take care.
And yeah, thank you for the show as always.
It's always good.
I'll be listening to the rest that I didn't catch on the way down to Madcap.
Please do because you're going to hear all about another dream game and that's how your name came up earlier in the show.
So not that we  Yeah, I only noticed when I popped in and Matt mentioned it in chat and I'm like, uh-oh, what did I miss?
I just want to point out, the expectation is not that YYR is dream maker around here.
Gaming is for everyone.
Everyone has the capability to make an OLR wish come true.
This does not rest solely on the shoulders of YYR.
I need to figure it out.
This is probably what's going to happen when I do my Unity course.
Because I want to do the Unity course for practicing UI elements.
I'll just be the guy on the internet that complains about it.
I'm just kidding.
It's for the sake of a prototyping position I want to work.
Oh, nice.
Congrats on that.
Have fun.
I want a full report on MagFest when you come back.
And get some sleep, goddammit.
You will get one.
I can't promise anything on the latter, though.
All right.
Well, good luck.
All right.
Thank you.
Passing a sleep spell.
You are getting sleepy.
Sleepy.
Please be well.
Take care of yourselves.
Bye.
Take care.
Bye-bye.
Always a delight to hear from YYR here at Orange Launch Radio.
Okay, we got to wrap up.
The sound issues and all that put us back.
So let's wrap it up.
Thank you as always for tuning into our show and listening to us.
If you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Launch Radio, help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we need more voices to put out on air.
Tell a friend or two.
A nice five-star review on a site like Spotify, iTunes, Apple Music, whatever it's called now, YouTube.
All of that goes a very long way.
Thank you so much for all of that.
Apple Podcasts.
Thank you, Apple Podcasts.
With that, let's get final thoughts tonight.
DarkSakura, I'll start with you.
Your final thoughts tonight.
I'm leaping into the abyss, as in playing dead by daylight.
Pray for me.
All right.
Have fun.
That's right.
You are streaming tonight because tomorrow's a holiday, but not for you.
I miss my Sunday stream.
All right.
Well, then go for it.
We'll see you in a minute.
All right.
Later.
Bye.
Loki, we'll go to you.
Your final thought.
Final thought is I'm still very busy this week trying to wrap everything up for the rest of this season of builds and my SOP for Minecraft.
So hopefully see a video soon.
All right.
Sounds good.
And let's see my final thought.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Please use your critical thinking skills over the next four years.
It's going to be very, very, very, very important.
Have a good night, everybody.
We'll see you in seven days here on another episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Bye!
To join us for our live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
