It's a new year, what else is new?
Maybe a new Minecraft not made under Microsoft's stewardship?
Well, no, it can't be called that since Notch doesn't own the name, and I doubt Microsoft will license it to someone else's work, but that link is inextricably present for him.
His next game is already being referred to as Minecraft 2, and his own tweets are not dissuading the connection either.
Happy New Year!
Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you more about maybe new Minecraft and the rest of the week's gaming news.
Starting right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice...
Hello, my friends out there on the internet.
Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, live with you all once again tonight, episode number 1030 of our show for tonight, January the 5th of 2025.
You can believe it?
New year.
New year, new me?
Nope, not here at OLR.
Same show you've come to expect.
But we're back to talk a little bit about what we hope to expect this year, and of course some of the gaming headlines.
I'm here, Rob Roberts, joined as always by the one and only DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
Hello, hello.
How are you doing?
I'm okay.
Did you have a good New Year's?
It was alright.
Yeah?
Mine was very quiet.
I did.
Alicia came over and we drank and yeah, that was about it.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
So I ended up having a pretty quiet night.
That's okay.
Staying up and playing video games all night is a perfectly acceptable plan for New Year's.
Maybe that was the plan for Techmaster Loki.
Hey, Loki.
Sort of, but I don't think we really did much.
Watched TV.
You just watched TV?
Yeah, pretty much.
Are you at that age where the kids kind of go to bed before or are you the kids at that age where they go to bed before midnight and you do like a nine o'clock East Coast thing or do they stay up at this point?
No, they stay up.
They've been going to the in-laws to go hang out and stay up over there.
Although my oldest this time, he's like, no, I don't want to do that.
I'm just gonna play games here.
I'm sure many gamers have seen that classic uh comic meme it's in like three panels and it's like gamer new years and it says 11 59 the person's gaming 12 o'clock and they're holding up a firework and then 1201 they're back to gaming I really feel it so that's that's basically where your kid is at now
Yeah, that's basically where he's at.
Okay.
He's with the rest of us, it sounds like.
So, good times.
Good times.
Well, I hope all of you out there had a great New Year, whatever you were doing to celebrate.
So, to start off the New Year here at Orange Launch Radio, I thought we would take a look back.
Y'all love this.
We're going to go back and take a look at our 2024 predictions.
And we're going to see what came true and what didn't.
And then, because we're gluttons for punishment, we're going to make our 2025 predictions, which I will fully admit, I forgot to think about before tonight's show.
So I'm going to think of them as we go.
Even after you reminded us.
I know.
Even after I said a reminder to everybody else, we're doing predictions tonight.
Then I went out on a walk and I was like, yeah.
How dare.
Yeah.
Anyway.
That's okay.
I kind of thought about it.
Well, this is where you all in chat help us.
You can give us inspiration because we do tape live every Sunday night at the Voice of Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash VOG Network, 9 o'clock Eastern, 6 o'clock Pacific on Sunday nights right after the Bobby Blackwolf show.
And I don't care if there's some silly award show on TV.
We're here.
So check us out, which I believe is the case tonight.
There's a silly award show on TV, but it doesn't matter.
We're still going to be doing our thing, of course.
So let's talk about predictions.
All right.
Who's ready to revisit 2024?
Who's afraid to revisit 2024?
Here we go.
I don't know.
Do any of you think you got any right?
I don't even remember what I said.
Did it?
No.
It did not.
Okay, so there's a first song.
So you had a Kickstarter that did not release on Steam.
All right.
Matt, your first one was Bobby Kotek becomes the CEO of a different gaming or gaming adjacent company, which looks to be incorrect.
And thank heavens.
Let's be thankful, Matt.
Let's...
But yeah, it's good they didn't.
Let's be thankful on that one.
Okay, I think we're all relieved.
Then my first prediction was two launch window titles for the Switch successor are Microsoft games, and one of them is Sea of Thieves.
Well, guess what?
We didn't fucking get the Switch 2 this year, so that's a big eh there.
And unfortunately, that simple little fact really fucked a few of our predictions.
I think many of us were expecting the Switch 2 this year.
Didn't happen.
And so that, you know, I could literally copy-paste that into next year's predictions.
I'm not going to do that, I don't think.
But, you know, I still feel like that one may hold some weight just a few months late.
Okay, um...
Jamie, your second prediction was E3 announces another metamorphosis, which I don't believe is correct either.
I don't believe E3 really... It metamorphosized into jack shit.
It metamorphosized into six feet underground, so E3's... So I was right.
I don't know about that.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
judges bong okay uh metamorphosized into deceased metamorphosized into death all right uh Matt your second one was death is a metamorphosis all right uh oh here we go oh this is the minute these words leave my mouth they're gonna be like big x the switch successor is announced by March wrong year you know what you didn't say the year that's true I did not say the year
Or at least if you did, I didn't write it down.
You said Switch successor announced by March, Prime 4.
So you said Prime 4, which is an easy one to call, let's be real.
And Odyssey, I'm guessing a sequel to Odyssey or something, releases 2025.
Oh, okay, that was it.
So you said that Odyssey would be a game for 2025.
So again, this feels like one of those, like,
Honestly, I'm going to keep this file open because I feel like we might want to revisit some of these and just see where the vibes were delayed a little bit.
Just off by a year, it's fine.
Yeah, just off a little bit, that's all.
My second prediction, I'm not sure if this happened or not.
I think it might have, but here we go.
A AAA game gets exposed for way overuse of AI and it causes the game to absolutely tank.
and my question is did that quadruple A game did that get caught using AI?
Which one?
The quadruple A game that Ubisoft put out.
Star Wars?
No, no.
Remember that pirate game that they put out that they were saying was a quadruple A title?
No, I don't think it had AI.
It was just terrible.
Damn.
I thought I might have that one.
No, it wasn't AI.
Um
I think that's intentionally wrong on purpose.
Alright, yeah, I don't think I would give myself credit for this one, because in my mind, I'm just gonna be honest, in my mind, I was envisioning that there would be a whole, like, cancellation on social media, where, look at this, we've determined that, like, kind of what happened to Palworld and Pokemon, where, like, somebody goes in and...
and OrangeRite in chat says FoamStars had the AI.
Yes, they did, but that actually wasn't a 2024 game either.
We knew about that one already.
And that wasn't the reason it failed.
Which, by the way, that game did... I think they got rid of their...
I don't know it was going multiple platforms I know Foam Stars was like evolving they're not shutting it down but it's like here's our last hurrah basically happening on the Foam Stars front which again I remember I played that game on stream because Shane bullied me into doing it and actually it really wasn't that bad the AI art aside which was bad but they realized that mistake real quick for what it's worth
alright so let's go to the last predictions which were from Jamie said bigger push in VR and spatial environments in and outside the gaming industry this was kind of muddy to me I don't know Jamie what do you think be on your honor did you get this one
There were pushes.
There definitely were pushes.
There were also setbacks.
Yeah.
Some things I cannot discuss.
Sure.
Sure.
I understand.
But I think that it stayed fairly steady with new games coming out.
So I think it was more of a slow progression.
Mm-hmm.
and definitely there was experimentation done in the world of virtual environments.
And there are still a lot of AR tools out there too, like the image scan, you know, taking the picture, converting it to 3D using AI.
You know, there's still those tools out there.
There's FaceSwap, I think got an update, not FaceSwap, but the 3D face mapping software.
Got a big update.
So, I think on a technical level, yes.
But, of course, for every step forward, you've got steps backwards.
So...
Um, and you know, I am thinking about there was a story that I had on our shortlist that I ended up not putting in tonight, but it had to do with Steam stats and I think part of I had a hard time following in the story where they were getting the stats from, but it was talking about how the Oculus or VR in general on Steam has been growing, but it's not because of the US is because of China.
that VR usage has really been growing.
And I think that's kind of one of those things that, you know, for all the prediction and all the talk on VR and where's it going to go, what's it going to do, I think that's one of the things that has not really been in the immediate vision.
It's kind of like, oh, yeah, that's a big factor.
And that is China.
What happens in other large markets with VR and how might that influence what happens on the world scale?
So I thought that was interesting.
Again, was it really what you were envisioning at the start of 2024?
Probably not.
It's not far off.
But VR is not dead.
And I think that's an important part of it.
There's other applications that are... How am I trying to phrase this?
There are other applications being discovered.
But it's not going to happen as quickly as I would have hoped.
For some of that, I think that it's more of the market's not ready for what is possible.
You know what comes to mind that I do think qualifies under this, actually?
Because you know I follow a lot of Niantic stuff.
And we did have a big story a couple weeks ago, or actually a couple months ago.
And they also launched this tool, you know, they had bought this thing called Scanniverse.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
is that that yes that is a big push from Niantic to get into spatial environments especially outside the gaming industry really trying to look at predictive what is happening in the world what is happening you know beyond just what you see in games so just a thought that kind of like just went off in my mind as we were talking that that was a big big story from a
and there are already other attempts though just for standard like I know Google Street View was doing like museum walks and things like that not quite of course the same thing but I could certainly see how
That augmented reality and 3D scanning and building virtual environments may replace things that are normally camera-based.
Yeah, I will say the scans that you get out of the scan... Because I've messed around with the Scannerverse application, and it's really good.
And the scans you get out of it look really incredible.
I'm actually trying to see if there's something on stream I can actually show.
I just don't want to dox myself, so I'm picking something...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
So, kind of neat.
Alright, moving on to Loki I'm gonna have to check this out, it looks pretty cool Oh yeah, the Scannaverse thing's cool Anyway, so Loki, this may be, you may have got this one I think I would give you a point for this one, you ready?
Here it is, your last prediction was The Minecraft movie trailer sucks Congratulations, you got it At least that first preview did
The first one, yes.
The second one... It got better, but the first preview was pretty bad.
It's alright.
I would give you that one.
I would give you that one.
And then, oh man, my last one.
Y'all are going to scream.
It's so close, but I didn't get it.
You ready?
My last prediction was the game of the year 2024 at the Game Awards is an indie game.
Oh, that was so close.
Because there was one, Bellatro was definitely in conversation and was at a lot of the front of people's minds.
I think that was plausible.
I'm going to give myself the plausible participation trophy on that one because it was really darn close.
But as we know, Astro Bot actually won the award.
So there's that.
All right.
Are we ready to – so when all is said and done, it's like one and a half.
Good job, everybody.
One and a half.
Curse Nintendo for not releasing.
Dang it, Nintendo.
I know, right?
Ruin everything.
Alright, now we're going to get into 2025.
And again, I want to encourage all of you in chat to play along if you have some good predictions you want to throw your hat in the ring this year.
Let's look at our 2025 predictions.
Jamie, I'll start with you.
You have something you want to mention.
Um, so yeah, my first one is going to be, Ikea has a collaboration with a major gaming company.
They are collaborating more.
um uh and this actually come from me looking for uh furniture for myself and finally they had a whole gaming series and I had a partnership with Lego and uh Republic of Gaming and like all kinds of things and I was like oh there's gonna be an official collaboration before too long so
I'm going to throw that out there.
Ikea has a collaboration with a major gaming company.
Especially when you think about things like Minecraft would be such an obvious one, right?
Or those types of world building sorts of things that are very adjacent to Lego, right?
So we'll see, we'll see.
All right, Loki, what do you want to go with for your first one?
Okay, this is going to give you the mindset of where I'm at this year.
The Skibbity Toilet movie shocks all in its absolute cinema.
What?
It's absolute cinema.
I don't know what the fuck that has to do with gaming, Loki, but fine.
It has the Half-Life assets in it, therefore it's gaming.
And technically it's in Fortnite, so it is gaming now.
All right, fine.
The Skivity Toilet movie shocks cinema.
Are we talking like it's, I don't know, what's the movie they're talking about for Oscars this year?
Wicked?
Is it Wicked Part 1 good?
It's not Wicked Part 1 good, but it's definitely Megalopolis.
It's better than that, which was Absolute Cinema, so you know.
Okay.
I'm going to go with my first prediction, and I'm going to say Nintendo shocks all by having enough Switch 2 stock.
I think we're going to avoid a Nintendo shortage.
I'm going to be bold on this one.
I think there has been so much lead time towards this console and we see so much is getting out early about it.
I think Nintendo is going to shock everybody by having enough Switch 2 stock.
I think there'll be a lot of people ordering online and things like that.
A lot of that stuff.
I think they're going to have relatively enough Switch 2 stock.
I think it'll...
it'll still be maybe a little bit I don't think we're going to see the shortages we've seen with any other platform in quite some time so we'll see though I could be wrong but that's you know I'm willing to put some predictions out there that are that are risky so there you go that's my first one all right Jamie we're over to you for number two Ubisoft is put up for sale oh you're really adjacent to something I want to say I'm still going to say it
GreatMindsThink
think like that well I stole that from Becky oh okay well fine great minds think like us all right and who thinks like us huh damn few right well I thought that was the rest all right that's that's that's a who's like us that's like a different thing all right all right uh Loki what's your number two prediction
My number two prediction is that Microsoft will announce a portable console this year.
And by portable console, I mean a handheld PC device, kind of like a Steam Deck, that is meant for their cloud streaming.
Yep, I think that's an extremely safe prediction in some ways.
I mean, you know, we don't know if it'll happen this year, but I feel like, yeah, I think there's a lot of tea leaves that are showing that Microsoft's going to go that direction for sure.
So, yeah, it makes sense.
And so that brings me to my next prediction, which I said it was going to be really close to what Jamie said.
Yves Gamont defeated.
DarkSakura
Last prediction.
I'm trying to think how to phrase this because I think that TikTok is going to become a subsidy of its original parent company and be licensed to Twitch.
So that it can continue operating in the US.
That would mean Amazon buys TikTok, essentially.
They wouldn't be buying.
Excuse me, licensed.
Interesting.
This whole TikTok thing is going to be very interesting to see how that turns out.
It's going to be a chunk of the economy affected.
I don't
I could go on a whole thing on this.
I watch a lot of TikTok.
There's so much.
I do.
I finally fell down that rabbit hole of TikTok hard.
Like three years ago, I would have been that.
And I know I've been that guy saying, what's a tech tech?
You know, that type of thing.
But no, I don't know what it was in the last couple of years.
I fell down TikTok hard.
I went viral on TikTok this year for the first time.
Remember?
My one went viral.
Got like 100,000 likes or whatever.
So...
But yeah, and I haven't made a TikTok since because the bar of expectation is too great now.
But I'm shocked.
I didn't think we were the country that shut things down.
I didn't think we were the country that censored things.
And I understand people are saying there's a risk, there's a real risk.
You need to be more transparent about what that risk is because do we trust the government?
No, we sure don't.
I also don't trust other people in this country because look who they elected.
Exactly.
And I don't care if it's Democrats or Republicans leading this.
I don't trust any of them right now, to be quite honest.
So why be surprised though about censorship in this country when our entire country was founded off of puritanical and extremist religious belief?
Oh yeah, no, I just, I thought at the end of the day we would be better than that, and here we are.
It's disappointing.
I can be disappointed and still not be surprised.
I had to explain that elsewhere.
Yeah, exactly.
I can be not surprised, but still be disappointed.
Not to mention, though, I mean, I could also, I was either gonna say that, or I had another...
a mention that I could have done instead but it would have had me going a lot more ranty and a lot more political because I was going to say that the gaming industry tanks due to policy changes but
I don't know if the... Someone wants to steal that one.
Yeah, we'll see.
DJ Ranma S says the TikTok risk is there.
It's been there for years, but no one listens to IT people when it comes to applications or security risks.
Okay, be more transparent and specific.
What are those risks?
Because... They've been outlined before.
Well, all I'm hearing is that China has your data.
Well, you know what?
I don't fucking trust Elon Musk with my data.
Why does he get special treatment?
I think there's a lot of people I don't trust with my data, but somehow seems to get it anyway.
But I'm talking, and I get that IT professionals are saying these things, but again, I don't see what the risk is that we are already giving to other companies I don't trust.
The concern has to do with access by Chinese government, because since Chinese government pretty much has their fingers in every company and industry, there is that.
And the app does gather data, gathers lots of personal data.
The Chinese national security laws basically say that any foreign and domestic firms that operate within their country must share their data with the government upon request.
and especially given trade agreements and now these new sanctions coming up that's going to cause a pretty big conflict and as far as what basically the Chinese government is going to have access to for standard usage in America personal data uh purchasing history I mean because there's the TikTok shop and everything um they say that they store their data in the U.S.
but they did also acknowledge that some non-US employees have access to US user data and there was also that BuzzFeed leak that uh
there's a company called ByteDance has access to things like phone numbers, birthdays of American TikTok users so it's quite a that's just over the top
part of it.
So yeah, I had to remember what the company was.
Again, I don't know what has to be done, but if TikTok is banned, then I immediately want to see at least a ballot initiative in this state started to ban X. Why should X be allowed to operate?
Elon Musk is trying to put his fingers in so many international pies.
He's trying to influence German elections.
He's trying to influence now what's happening in the UK.
He's telling them to...
Disassembled Parliament or whatever the fuck he's doing like that individual is more actively dangerous in so many ways so I just I do not understand why X is allowed to operate the way it is but TikTok isn't and the other the other thing too is that what someone might think is innocent data being acquired by another company any data any information is power yeah
and you can use it to track trends, to track commercial viability, to track communication standards, to test other security measures.
There's a lot involved in the technology behind data gathering like that that the average person doesn't think about.
and so it's a matter of okay well I don't care about my stuff but you're only thinking about yourself right there you're not thinking about the big picture at the same time I don't want to see it banned you know
If we're all about the free market or whatever, then be very transparent with that information.
Let the free market decide or whatever.
But I do think, and I just, you know, the one other vent I want to get off my chest is that this is that, you know, and I'm sorry to get political, but I have to.
The way, like, for Democrats to not be much more transparent in their messaging about why they're pushing so fucking hard for a TikTok ban.
and now Trump is looking like he's coming in as a superhero.
Oh, I'm the one that doesn't want to ban TikTok.
I'm trying to put a stop to it.
This is terrible, terrible messaging.
This is why Democrats are losing elections.
Democrats are looking like the bad guys in this TikTok shutdown because they're not being more transparent or at least they are failing in their ability to message the why this is so important.
They are absolutely failing in that messaging and this is something and you all know how I feel about the man.
This is something that Trump is doing a much better job on.
and I can't stand that I'm saying this but it's true it's all about and if the last election has taught us anything it is and here's how I tie it back to the game industry facts don't fucking matter perception does no one cares about facts and just to point this out here anything you present as fact that is unsubstantiated is really an opinion
And SSJ100Matt, exactly.
He was pushing for TikTok to be banned in the beginning.
That is absolutely 100% verifiably accurate.
But the truth doesn't matter.
Also accurate.
I think in this case, some advisor sat him down and gave him a talking to.
A grown-up talking to.
Anyway, all right.
Enough of the TikToks.
Disgusting.
But obviously... But anyway, that's my prediction.
No, yeah, fair.
And this is literally two weeks away.
They find a way around it.
Literally two weeks away.
We may not have TikTok in two weeks.
You know, there's talks about VPN and other ways, but it's, you know, for the most part, it's quite... Let's be real.
Most people aren't going to bother with all that shit for TikTok.
And that's too bad.
All right.
Back to gaming predictions.
but TikTok's huge for gaming so you know uh Loki I finally got invited to TikTok live and I'm like hell a little late don't you I think my one my one thing that went viral I think you just have to get so many views and eventually it happens so all right uh Loki your last prediction um I guess I mean that's more of a safe prediction I guess um
The US tariffs drive console prices up another $100.
Okay, so due to tariff laws, console prices go up $100.
That's essentially what you're saying, right?
I don't think it's just that.
I think that it's... Could be closer to $200.
No, I'm not even saying that for consoles.
I'm saying every piece of gaming software hardware goes up in price.
SG100Matt says, I would have expected a Grand Theft Auto 6 prediction from Loki.
Eh, I don't care at this point.
Like, they've taken too long to announce their stuff.
Their trailer came out over a year ago.
They had time to do it.
They can do it when they're ready to announce their thing.
Whatever.
I'll wait.
Alright, my last prediction is going to be very similar to what I said last year, but I am going to change it and I am going to say no Microsoft AAA title is exclusive to Windows Xbox.
Meaning they're going to release them on Switch or they're going to release them on PlayStation.
No Microsoft AAA title ends up actually being exclusive to Microsoft.
That is the prediction I'm making.
And again, I think that's one of the things we've seen.
Some things kind of indicating that direction could be.
be happening and what have you.
I think there are other ways Microsoft will try to drive people to their ecosystems, such as like the best version of their game or what have you.
But I think Microsoft, so I'm sort of leaning into what I said last year about the Switch successor and Microsoft having launched titles on that.
I believe that's still going to be true, but I'm going to just add to it that no Microsoft AAA title is actually exclusive to Windows and Xbox.
I think you're going to see a ton of them on Nintendo, and I think where it matters, they're going to show up on PlayStation as well.
That is my last prediction.
Let's recap.
Here are our 2025 predictions.
IKEA, major collaboration with a major gaming company.
Skibbity Toilet Movie, Shock Cinema.
Nintendo, I guess I need to add to that by being good because otherwise that's too much room for interpretation when we come back to this.
Nintendo shocks all by having enough Switch 2 stock.
Ubisoft is put up for sale.
Microsoft announces portable console, handheld PC device meant for cloud streaming.
Yves Guillemot defeated.
TikTok subsidy of parent company licensed to Twitch.
I really like that one.
I hope that actually is true.
U.S.
tariffs up console prices $100 and no Microsoft AAA title is exclusive to Windows or Xbox.
Put them in the vault, lock them down.
There they are, your 2025 predictions.
All right, let's talk.
So some of you were asking last week,
What might the OLR hosts game of the year for this year actually look like?
So I would like to invite my co-hosts and I'll share as well.
What are your games of the year?
So let's start.
We'll go to Matt with this one to start off.
Matt, what's your 2024 game of the year?
My game of the year?
I have multiple games, I guess.
I don't know.
I mean, Minecraft still, obviously, still playing that.
I would say the two other ones that stood out for me the most would have been Bull Altru.
I think it's been a really great game.
um a lot of fun to play and then one like I just couldn't stop talking about when I was playing it that came out the beginning of the year um would have to be oh gosh and then now of course it disappears out of my brain um it would have to be oh god I forgot the name of it uh
Let's see.
Oh, come back to me.
Left Elastic Impression.
I'm just kidding.
No, it's just my old brain being that way.
Turbo Kid
DarkSakura, what was your game of the year?
I'm going to say Dragon Age, Veilguard.
There's still a lot of stuff I don't really care about it, you know, that I think could have been a lot better, but I've had a lot of fucking fun playing it.
And I mean, I've of course played so much Dead by Daylight, it's always being updated, so I'm going to include the Debbies.
And... Yeah.
I think that's going to be...
Be my two.
Fair enough.
My game of the year, I kind of went a little bit of a different direction just because I think there are games I could have named my game of the year.
There's things that I've really enjoyed.
I think Diablo 4's expansion really put the game in a great place.
And for me, I've sunk a lot of hours into that game.
I guess you could say the Warcraft expansion was pretty good too.
Certainly a lot of people have enjoyed Final Fantasy Rebirth.
I guess I could say Bellatro, but the reality is I did not click with that game I think the way everybody else did.
Just different strokes for different folks.
I love that it's doing so great.
I love that it's bringing some indie attention and all that stuff.
But I just have to say, I wouldn't feel right saying, oh, that's my favorite game of the year.
and then you know I was talking about last week I think if I really really like had to pick one thing I would probably say you know that Pokemon trading card pocket game is so smart I think in many ways it ought to be recognized for just like what a strong and kind of unique sort of release it is to bring a lot of attention to mobile gaming but I
The actual thing I want to say for my game of the year because the thing I actually thought about was, you know, kind of everything that we've kind of dealt with in 2024 when it comes to, you know, we've had so many layoffs in the industry.
We've seen so much BS that's been going on behind the scenes.
We've seen so many, you know, rich people getting richer and people on the front lines that are working hard on these games getting laid off.
and we've seen, you know, a lot of teases for new consoles that don't end up actually coming and, you know, a lot of promises that feel like they're not delivered on and this is my long fancy way of saying my official game of the year for 2024 is nothing.
That's my game of the year.
Nothing.
2024 has been kind of a very hard year to be a gaming fan in many ways and I'm not saying that every game release was bad or especially in the smaller developed and indie teams there aren't things that are worth recognition but I kind of want to use this time to highlight a lot of bullshit that has happened in this industry and a lot of you know big companies just getting bigger eating them up big fish eating bigger fish and just all this crap that's happening
it's really a year that feels like in many ways a setback for the industry so I don't think it deserves a game of the year and that's my final answer many people in chat are saying Astro Bot I just actually did not get around to Astro Bot I'm sure it's great I'd love to check it out at some point but even if it was the best thing I've ever played it's not really going to change how I feel about this year as a whole
DarkSakura DarkSakura
um I played Dead by Daylight I have played Fruit Mountain which I'm kind of addicted to um I also oh crap what else was I playing um I'm just gonna leave it at that that's what I was playing cause I don't know I've had so much going on that I'm a little bit like oh yeah and I played Palia that was the other one
All right.
Well, then we'll go to Loki.
How was your game of the week?
Pretty packed.
I made it a point to try to play some of these games that I had recently picked up or been gifted.
So I did get a chance to play some Dungeon Klar, and that was pretty fun.
I
had a lot of fun with that it's kind of a roguelike thing where you you know pick up abilities inside of a claw machine they have different abilities that affect you know how the claw machine works and all that and the stuff that you pick up and how much damage it does and so I think that was a pretty easy to understand and pick up and play Peglin I tried that a bit I do like Peggle quite a bit um
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Thank you for watching!
But yeah, I think sometimes like a tutorial or something like that is a little bit more helpful to kind of get you into all of that.
And then, of course, I played a lot of Bellaltro this week as well.
Just been getting at least a round in each day, both mobile and on PC.
And it's been a lot of fun.
And then, of course, the thing I've been working on the most, because I have a few more days off this week, has been my final builds in our season.
Technically, our season is...
over at the end of this month I mean we were going to end at the end of the year but we gave ourselves an extra like a couple weeks or so and then I think we're starting the new season on middle of February but I've been just working hard to get everything done I think I have all the redstone done for the ride for the most part and there's a few things like with audio and stuff that I have to do um
But all the major stuff is done now for the ride and so I'm probably to a point where I can finally start building it again on our survival server and collecting all the resources for that because there's a lot of stuff that I need for that.
It'll be really big.
And then I have a couple of the other supporting cast that have been helping me out with...
building other sections of the park so one's like a Wild West section that Fish and Suits has been working on and I brought in a roller coaster for my first SMP in there and then our other supporting cast member Oliver is working on this big ice section he's got this enormous cathedral made of ice and stuff over there with like an ice boat race or something that's going to be in there so
The park is going to double in size by the time... Well, more than double in size by the time it's all done.
It's just a matter of getting it built.
so hopefully very soon I've been saying that for weeks now because it's been just taking forever but I think we're getting to a point where it's almost actually done nice art takes time all right uh my gaming week uh so I've been playing more World of Warcraft uh my Paladins level 80 and I've been kind of enjoying what all goes on in the end game and all of that stuff I've been playing a little bit of that
and then I on Steam I checked out Questmaster that was the game that Loki dropped into my account last week so I fired that up on Steam Deck and it's it's neat so this is basically like it's it's Zelda maker basically legally distinct Zelda maker is what this game is okay so
and it's by Apogee which I thought was also very interesting because I was like I haven't seen their name on a game in a very long time but I guess maybe they're helping to publish some indie titles now I did enjoy the game I played one of the levels that I guess was random generated there's like a sign post in the town that you can use to access levels and I
I took the one that it gave me but here's the problem the game is still early access and the tutorial and setup part I think is the part they're still trying to finish because I feel like the town you start in feels like what there's there's nothing really happening here there's like a gamble thing and one other like a ring identifier or something like that but otherwise in that first little town you kind of really end up going nowhere
and I was looking at the roadmap for the game and it sounds like earlier this year they are going to finish a fully fledged tutorial which is great.
I was able to figure most things out in the dungeon that I ended up doing randomly but I wasn't able to beat it because I think there's just some mechanic I didn't understand that might be in the game's rules that because there's not really a fleshed out tutorial I couldn't understand it yet.
So at this point I kind of go well the game's not done but I also go but...
It is early access.
That is exactly what is advertised.
The games are not done.
So I can't sit here and say it's bad or anything.
But all I can say is that if you buy it now, be prepared that you have to do a little bit of your own research and figure some things out.
You might have to... And one thing that would have helped me, to be fair, I probably should have just gone into the builder and start seeing what all was available there.
And that probably would have helped explain to me what some of the mechanics and different things are and why I got stuck in the level I got stuck in and all that good stuff.
So...
I'll check it out again for sure.
It's one of those things I'll kind of like, I'm going to keep an eye on this while this game continues to develop.
I think it'll be that kind of thing.
I'm going to kind of keep an eye on it, but ultimately we'll see where it ends up.
All right, let's move on because that's really all I have for my gaming week.
I don't have a lot else to share, to be honest.
Otherwise, it's been some of the same old things I've been playing.
Oh, no, actually, one other thing I should mention for sure because I was streaming it on my personal channel.
I've been getting into doing retro games and trying to beat them.
I actually streamed a good chunk of The Guardian Legend.
I was like, we're going to start this year off with a bang.
Let's do The Guardian Legend.
I got through, I think, about half the game on my first stream because I'm up to like quarter or six.
It's not bad.
Half Bullet Hell Shooter.
That's really what it is.
And the same weapons you get in the Zelda mode, you end up using in Bullet Shooter mode and vice versa.
It was really ahead of its time.
I actually had one person that came in from my Blue Sky that said, oh, wow, I wonder if I have this game in my collection and I've never played it.
And sure enough, he put a follow-up post about an hour later.
He's like, this cartridge was in my collection and somehow I have completely missed this game.
Because I would bet a lot of people fire it up
play that first stage and they go oh and they cry or they go oh it's a shooter game not really my kind of thing and they put it away and they don't know they just cry or they cry from the difficulty I don't actually don't I think like especially when I was playing through it there were parts where it was like okay I need more shields or not there was a mini boss that was tearing me up and like I could not get it until I had enough shields and
and I found just the right secondary weapon to use against it when I was finally able to get it.
So, you know, I would say there's still some difficulty in there.
But, you know, if you explore every nook and cranny and make sure you get all your power-ups, I think you can kind of stay on top of the difficulty curve.
Well, we'll see.
I haven't finished the game on stream yet.
I was going to do it on Friday, but I ended up having an IRL thing.
And I have an IRL thing on Monday, so I'm hoping maybe Tuesday I can hop back on and finish it up.
So...
Except Tuesday now I may end up being out of town for work But we'll see, I think I'll be here So Tuesday I will end up playing that But yeah, Guardian Legend, a good old classic And I knew Jamie could appreciate that Because she has a fondness for that game too It's my favorite game I am no longer any good at it I'm going to put that right now You might be, when was the last time I mean, I guess I remember you playing it on stream It was a while ago But I remember you playing it on stream
I don't think I ever have.
Really?
I played it at home, and since I was playing it on my TV, I had some bad input lag.
And maybe it was that I tried to play it using Capture.
and then I had input lag and so I said I'm gonna do something else no I've been using I'm very open I have the cartridge but I'm using emulators because that way I can do retro achievements and all that stuff and you know the emulators are retro retro arch is good enough for for a simple NES game retro arch is good enough it's not you know not it runs fine so
Alright, let's get into some gaming news and some other things going on in the gaming world.
Loki?
We just can't stop hearing about Switch 2, huh?
Yeah, it's right around the corner.
We're expecting announcements very soon.
I mean, probably this month, I would imagine.
There is a non-zero chance it's this week.
Not to set the expectations too high, but I was actually looking back on this.
The original Nintendo Switch's press conference was January 13th.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
So, there is that.
But, you know, again, it could be the week after.
But I think... And sorry, Loki, I don't mean to derail you, but this has to come up at some point.
You know, especially with all the leaks out there.
Like, I got...
sent a screenshot of straight up what those controllers look like.
Somebody has just said, here's the controller.
Here's what they look like.
The colors are on the edge now.
This is very different looking.
I mean, they look fine.
But I'm like, there's so much out there that it's like Nintendo just kind of, there's nothing left to hide.
Just put it out there because clearly lots of people on the inside have seen this thing at this point.
So I really do think no later than next week.
I would be very surprised if it's after.
I mean, if it's after next week,
I don't think this thing is launching when we think it does I think we're waiting even longer for it which is going to continue to be frustrating for a lot of people so I would say in the next two weeks and a non-zero chance it's actually this week anyway
Systems and Methods for Machine Learning Image Conversion
and what it it's basically talking about the process that's using AI to upscale textures kind of like DLSS or um PlayStation's PSSR um I think ATIL has or AMD has their own thing um
Yeah, so what they're essentially doing is they're going to be storing lower resolution textures on the Switch cartridges to keep the file sizes down, but then upscaling that to look nicer on higher resolution displays.
So it's kind of maybe it could be used even for like Switch games on the Switch 2 to...
essentially make them look nicer.
You know, play them at 1080p or something like that on the portable and then maybe 4K through a dock or something like that.
So yeah, we'll have to see what they announce, but it's not unlikely that they would be using some sort of upscaling for visuals and stuff to crank a little bit more fidelity out of the actual console itself.
So it's probably not going to be super powered either.
Well, as far as the upscaling and all that, though, you know, this is where AI is not so bothersome, right?
This is where we sort of expect that AI is going to be actually very useful, as in, you know, kind of... It's when it upscales additional fingers and stuff onto the images.
Well, that's the other side is when it's talking about replacing art.
I think just in general, God, I don't know about the rest of you, but how sick am I of AI getting shoved into everything?
Like even fucking Notepad.
Fucking Notepad on Microsoft has a button now.
Help me rewrite that.
It's like,
Leave me the fuck alone.
I don't need AI.
I didn't enable any of that.
I didn't either.
On my machine, anyway.
It will just enable itself.
I might be able to go in and opt out, but the whole thing is just annoying.
And then
Y'all saw what Facebook did this week.
Or Meta, whatever you want to call it.
Y'all saw what they did this week.
I don't know how much I need to know.
Hey, we don't have the bots on our platform.
Let's add some more bots to our platform.
Well, you don't have to actually be on the platform to see it.
It was all our boost guys.
Well, Meta rolled out those straight up... Well...
I don't know if they actually rolled them out this week, but they were discovered because there was talk about those profiles have actually been there since 2023.
But fake profiles that are full on fake people that you can have AI discussions on that look like real people.
And DJ Ranma S says, didn't they pull those AI profiles?
They did because they were problematic as fuck.
I'm not going to get into it, but go look at some of the conversations people were having with some of those profiles and you're going to see how like AI is just not ready to be pushed at a scale that they are pushing it.
They are literally trying to sell you chocolate chip cookie dough and not a chocolate chip cookie.
Like the kind with raw eggs that might actually kill you.
Yeah, SSJ100Matt says, at least Tom from MySpace was real.
That part.
At least Tom from MySpace was real.
For the record, I keep most Facebook discussion out of my life.
I don't blame you, but it's getting like... I haven't seen a single thing on Blue Sky about it.
Having to dodge...
Instagram.
For me, Instagram's a necessary evil.
I have to have it to promote.
That's it.
If I don't have it, that's a huge audience I'm missing promotion opportunity and all that stuff with.
I have to have it.
To see these sorts of news and things, it's so frustrating because it's literally taking a shit on this platform.
We're trying to push our little indie shows and our scenes and our publicity through, and it's driving people away from
from the platform that we're trying to use to, you know, get more people to come to our shows.
That's why this thing is just so frustrating.
But anyway.
All right.
Let's move on.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
And there's a lot of speculation.
Why is that not happening?
Because apparently, previously, the Xbox makers have said it's nothing to do with the technology.
But on Chinese social media platform Weibo, Game Science's CEO, Fang Ji, has actually said it's the Xbox Series S.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
So this is really sounding like we're at a point where the restrictions that Microsoft has where games have to be released on the S and the X are really starting to bite them.
So it probably would have been a good prediction to make this year is that Microsoft finally relents on that policy or they basically make it where if you want to play something on the S...
it uses cloud streaming or something to sort of compensate for the lack of power that the S has which I think would be a great way to make games because you know the S was supposed to be a budget console it's for people that you know don't necessarily have the means or you know money to be able to afford these you know higher end consoles and things like that so I think at least if maybe the S could stream X games or something like that or use cloud technology to do it it would help to bridge the gap a little bit
I could see where maybe Microsoft could modify the rule to you have to release to the X and cloud streaming so the S people can play it.
But I really think that this is not the first time we've heard that the Xbox Series S is actively holding Microsoft back.
How in the hell is Grand Theft Auto 6 going to work on the Xbox S?
How is that going to work?
Well, it...
I don't know.
I mean, I think it's in a better... I mean, look at how 5 has worked for the longest time.
I mean, 5 was a pretty big marvel when it came to streaming assets because that was released back when they had DVD drives that weren't very fast.
And you had to stream that stuff off of those drives to get it to even work.
A lot of times it would even have to be in...
and DarkSakura.
All right.
Well, going to our chat, Mike Deft with another perspective on this that is absolutely worth reading over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network saying,
DarkSakura
and the port that came out in the 90s
which, I mean, great game, don't get me wrong, but it's not quite the same.
And so there are a few folks out there, namely GameDevBoss,
Edmocaldus Nemesis Games put together a Genesis slash Mega Drive tech demo of Shadow Dancer Arcade
and it looks like it could be very promising.
I mean, and I don't know if anyone knows, there is a Genesis port in the process of Symphony of the Night.
Really?
And it is playable.
Wow.
I'm curious.
Is there a ROM floating around out there that you can grab?
Oh yeah.
No, it's absolutely.
It was linked on Retro RGB.
I can... Let me...
Alright, there's a link.
Hold on.
I will find the specific link.
It's on a YouTube video?
Yeah, I was like, I just... Okay, here we go.
Okay, I see it.
I see it.
So, yeah, Christmas... Oh, Autumn Update 2024.
Okay, there we go.
For Mega Drive and Genesis.
Oh, you just gave me a direct link.
Cool.
Let's take a look.
Hello, everyone.
Is that Tom of year again?
Yeah, the demo download is on that video.
Okay, somebody's voice got in there on the stream there.
Where can we actually see the gameplay?
Death Fight is in there.
That isn't that different from what we see on PlayStation, for sure.
I love that they changed the little CD logo to MD as well.
I think that's really cool.
There's a few different versions of the demo.
I would probably suggest the second one, but it's all Dropbox downloads.
The first one...
is uh it looks like it's a little buggy it has too many enemies and might freeze up but I mean it's a work in progress I think it's really awesome that's cool love to see the older consoles getting a little love like that that's gonna be fun to play when it comes out there's also a party trying to do Rondo of Blood as well but I I have to go find that again right uh well moving on with newer games Loki
Yeah, so Notch had put out a survey earlier, I think it was earlier this week, basically saying, honest and legitimate requests for feedback for once.
The game I'm passionately working on is currently set to be a traditional roguelite, mixed with a tile-based first-person dungeon crawler.
But...
I know a lot of people have... I got thinking that maybe there are some people here who like my work who may not share my taste in retro nostalgia and prefer for me to make a spiritual successor to Minecraft.
I mean, sure, I'd take that cash.
So, market research.
And then, of course, everybody voted for Minecraft 2.
So he is going to...
potentially work on something that may be a spiritual successor to Minecraft?
We'll see.
He's not going to be able to call it Minecraft.
No, it'll be something else.
He's got to watch what he calls it on social media, but he sold it.
Everything Minecraft, he sold.
Microsoft gets to make Minecraft 2 if they ever want to.
That's true, that's true.
It would be kind of like a bloodstain ritual of the night to Castlevania, you know?
But he...
he's obviously going to lean into that like just from a pure money and publicity perspective he will allow other people to call it Microsoft 2 Minecraft 2 but he's going to have to stay away from calling it that himself or he'll get in a lot of trouble
of course he will it'll be that movie poster from the creators of Minecraft or from the producer of this movie comes this, you know, that type of thing but Notch has run his mouth a few times online and it is important to say Notch has not always come off as a good person now, I think the last time he got himself into trouble was probably 2019 or something I haven't read what his antics are up to
if he has changed his outlook on certain things I'm willing to believe that people change especially from COVID and all that stuff but all I'm going to say is that I'm approaching this with a skeptical eye on am I actually going to be able to support this or not because if he still kind of acts like a shit on social media I'm not interested
No, for sure.
No, understandable.
And I don't know.
Yeah.
But again... Also, I'm not like... This was five years ago was the last time I think he got in hot water.
A lot of people change, especially in light of COVID and all that stuff.
So if he's at least stopped trying to actively say stupid shit on the internet, I'm willing to take a look at what's under the curtain, you know?
yeah so we'll see what he says but like I mean honestly even like the last like dev project that he was working on like nothing really came of that either so like I don't know I well didn't he make another game after Minecraft called Scrolls or something because there's a whole big thing with yeah because he was working ironically now we're both Microsoft so like what a what a waste of everybody's fucking time at the end of the day but yeah yeah yeah unfortunately but yeah he was working on a game called Scrolls or whatever and then yeah they
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and maybe he's kind of past that point in his life where Microsoft paid him a disgusting amount of money for Minecraft.
Am I not wrong?
Didn't he buy Beyonce's house or something like that or the other way around?
I think he got, it was like $2 billion, wasn't it?
Yeah, he got oodles of money.
And of course, that's the time when he started...
you know kind of blah blah blah blah so this the fact that he's kind of going maybe I want to make an indie game again is kind of making me go okay maybe he's come back down to earth a little bit but cautious optimism bolded italicized underlined mm-hmm
TigerClaw in chat says he made over a billion selling Minecraft.
Isn't that enough to retire?
It is.
But the fact that maybe he doesn't want to is why I'm saying, hmm, this is interesting that there could be some type of maybe changed outlook on things on his end.
So we'll see.
But remember, actions speak louder than words.
All right.
Moving on, let's talk about a game company that I actually talking about Guardian Legend and all this stuff, I have often invoked Inti Creates as a company I would love to see create a new Guardian Legend type of game because they did Blaster Master Zero and I thought they did a very good job with that.
There's a few companies I think I would trust doing the Guardian Legend if we were to ever get that, but I think at this point it's a fever dream.
But
Inti Creates has said they are looking to announce several titles this year.
And again, I don't want to set unreasonable expectations.
The Guardian Legend is OLR fanfic.
It's not reality.
So don't even put your expectations there.
I'm still interested in what they are going to announce, though, because I enjoy the things they've put out.
They are going to be placing a focus on what they call their 2D action games.
On social media, CEO and President Takuya Aizu said, Happy New Year!
This year we plan to announce several titles with a focus on our company's specialty of 2D action games.
Some games that Inti creates released in 2024 include Gunvolt Records' Chironical,
Umbra Claw, Card and Seal on the Switch, and then Gal Guardians, Servants of the Dark, which is kind of a Castlevania-esque sort of game.
That is coming out in March, and we know about that as well.
There also was Divine Dynamo Flamefrit in November of 2024, which was a top-down dungeon crawler.
which got okay reviews but it wasn't something that was like going to be game of the year which again that game was similar to Card and Seal which is more of like a deck building roguelike type of game so you see that they've kind of done these things you know a little bit around the board which is fine you know when you're a when you're a small gaming company you know kind of doing your thing and your games are well received you get to experiment a little bit but it is fun to hear that it sounds like they're going to go back to their roots this year a little bit so we'll we'll see we'll see what happens
Dark Tatooine chats, as I was going to say, I know they came up during Rob's Guardian Legend stream, so you never know.
I think Compile is technically still around, so there's that slim chance.
I believe it is determined that Irem is the company that would need to agree that the Guardian Legend is allowed to continue.
That's the company...
even though yes Compile still exists I believe Compile made the game for Irem using Irem IPs so that's the company you need to get on board with a new Guardian Legend but again I want to watch because I don't want to project my fan fiction as any sort of expectation that's not fair to Inti Creates and the games they want to make um
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
well I do like my pinball so Stern actually and even Dan sent me this put out a trailer for Dungeons and Dragons The Tyrant's Eye on pinball it's looking pretty neat it also has voice cast from Critical Role and there is different musicians included like Gerard Way
Luke Gygax is involved Kevin Smith is involved and Chris Velasco who did music for Bloodborne and Mass Effect 2 is doing music for Tyrant's Eye so yeah it's the lead designer is Brian Eddy who did Attack from Mars and Medieval Madness so definitely some good stuff there I'm
I'm pretty excited by it.
I pretty much said that this has to happen.
This table looks rad as fuck, to be honest.
I saw the trailer cross by my social media feed and I was like, this is really... I love the idea of the randomly generated weekly... That's such a brilliant idea to try to get people to come back and play over and over.
Or if you're a private owner, like yourself, Jamie, or Bobby Blackwell... I don't want it.
I...
And now you're in this, Loki?
Oh my gosh!
No, no, it just looks cool.
I wouldn't buy it.
It's too expensive.
But, like, it looks awesome, though.
Like, if I was going to get a table, like, that would probably be it.
Yeah, I'm kind of hoping, like, you know, obviously I would love to go to DarkSakura's house to play it if she gets it.
But, you know, Coin-Off or one of those other places, if they get it, too, I'd probably go check it out.
We have some beef, though, with some of the people at Coin-Off.
Well...
I didn't want to get too far into it, but I was there recently and I kind of noticed, even though they've remodeled the whole place and it looks nicer, the game selection's gone downhill.
they've they've leaned into ticket munchers and that whole thing and that's unfortunate like their whole pinball thing in the back not what it used to be that's all ticket munchers now yeah exactly that so I think you and I are on a similar page but you probably know more about what's going on I just as a customer I went and I went oh this is a little disappointing all right uh anyhow let's move on Loki
Alright, so it's funny, we talked about Bolaltro having some issues with the ESRB and being rated, you know, mature or, you know, AO in certain regions because of gambling mechanics which is funny compared to all these games that have actual gambling in them
Even though the game's not like that.
But the game Luck Be a Landlord, which was a game that did inspire the creator to create Bolaltro, has a slot machine mechanic that's in the game.
Granted, no actual gambling.
It's just a mechanic of the game.
But they are running into the same problem on the Google Play Store.
Basically, that they've been...
Thank you for watching!
Hmm.
Hmm.
but they are fighting it right now it says I've now filled out the Google Play age rating questionnaire to agree that my game contains gambling I'm doing this in an attempt to stop my game from being banned globally on Google Play since every time I've tried to appeal these decisions I've been simply sent a screenshot of my game and was told this is gambling
You need to have actual people.
You really need to have actual people that look at this.
This is so silly.
And it almost makes you go, it feels like somebody is out to get this game and reported it.
Because there's always some loser on the internet that wants to be a cop and go out there and try to police all this stuff.
And we've heard a lot of this stuff with the YouTube.
There was this whole thing about Nintendo YouTubes getting pulled out where the guy was faking being a lawyer for Nintendo, allegedly, and all this stuff.
It's just like, oh my gosh.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
And although we don't often get a ton of gaming news at a consumer electronics show, sometimes we get just that, new electronics.
Which could mean, historically, it's been things like new arcade 1-up machines and things of that sort.
We've seen that sort of thing happen before.
But I believe on that front, I think arcade 1-up has said they're not actually going to be there this year, so don't get your hopes up for that.
But we are getting a glance at the Atari...
Game Station, the Atari Game Station Go is what we're seeing a little tease of here.
We don't know a lot about it, except it looks like a lot of the contemporary sorts of things, like say a Steam Deck or something, except there's that number pad that shows up.
Like it actually has, and knowing that Atari, see a lot of people are reading into this saying,
well Atari did have a number pad at some point that released a limited number of games I'm sitting here going did you all do you all have amnesia Atari bought Intellivision hello so I mean that keypad could be used potentially for some Intellivision games which for some reason is not being called out in any of these articles but whatever um
We don't know what else is going to be on this.
The trailer only shows what this thing looks like, and we know it is a product between Atari and My Arcade, which has already released some.
I have an Atari console that was sold at Costco, a 2600+.
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
What am I getting out of this that emulators won't get me?
I think that's a key question that even if the answer in fact is, well, this is legal, that answer is not going to be good enough.
And if they think it is going to be good enough, they are foolish.
And I'm not saying it should be that way.
I'm just saying it is.
Remember that whole discussion about facts?
That's the reality.
So I'll be curious to see what they do with this.
But it has an HDMI port.
It has USB-C ports on the top, maybe for some controllers, some LED lighting.
It'll be curious to see what happens with this.
So it should be pointed out the My Arcade Game Station Pro is...
had 200 titles built into it.
But more information on this will be unveiled at CES, which is next week, starting on Tuesday.
So we can see if they are able to answer that question or not.
DJ Ranma S says support for Jaguar games.
Emulators can run Jaguar games.
Jaguar games are in Atari 50.
And funny enough, DarkSakura and I were just talking about this before the show.
You were mentioning an analog Jaguar product, right?
I saw something about it popping up as a story.
I didn't dig too deeply into it.
Yeah.
So again, I think there's a tough question here to answer.
But we'll see.
We'll see.
I am a sucker for retro games and these sorts of things.
So I don't know if I see myself buying a dedicated handheld.
I feel like, again, I don't really do a ton of handheld gaming and the Steam Deck now more than has that covered.
I'm more a sucker for these sorts of collectibles, like the tiny arcade games.
In fact, all these little, you know, on Twitch, you see very tiny little baby arcade machines that are more, they run off batteries.
That's why I don't have them running during the show.
But they're very, very, they're usually like Coleco versions of arcade games on little tiny, a lot of these are by My Arcade.
There were basically two companies that made these.
The My Arcade ones are slightly larger.
So My Arcade
Even though you may not recognize that name, they've been in this retro game for a little while.
Because I was buying these pre-COVID.
So they've been in the retro game for a little while, so it's worth keeping an eye on.
Alright, since I brought up retro games, what a good time to get into a regular segment we do here on OLR.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
All right, DarkSakura.
I can't believe this game is this old.
What did you pick?
Neither can I. It's Batman Arkham Asylum from 2009.
The game was developed by Rocksteady Studios, published by Eidos Interactive, working with Warner Brothers Interactive Entertainment, based off of the DC Comics Batman.
So, yeah, it went into...
quite a bit of things that were heavily influenced from various classic stories in the comics of course Battling the Joker but there's also other baddies hanging around it seems like it was inspired by some of the writing of Neil Adams and Frank Miller and some Grant Morrison it was run in Unreal Engine 3
And it did go through quite a bit of changes before it came out, but this was definitely...
A game that I think was well received.
And they had a feeling it would be.
So they put definite hints to sequels buried in the game.
It was released for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 in August 2009 with a Windows version to follow.
And it won awards and actually held the Guinness World Record for most critically acclaimed superhero game ever.
it had a game of the year edition in 2010 a remastered one for PS4 and Xbox One in 2016 and a Switch version that came out in 2023 and it launched an entire series
So it is an action-adventure game.
It's from a third-person perspective.
And you get yourself trapped in Arkham Asylum, where basically the inmates have taken it over.
you have detective vision where you activate this mode to get more clues by highlighting certain things and looking at skeletons and destructible walls and your enemies so you basically have can see where everyone and everything's weaknesses you have a batarang you have a remote controlled version that you can follow and sometimes you can find different little easter eggs that way
or even use it to be a distraction or diversion.
You also are finding notes left by the Riddler.
And he hacks into Batman's comms to give him some clues and different riddles too.
And it's a very free flow... They call it free flow combat.
Where you have attack, stun, and counter for your combat.
But you can combine these to do all kinds of different moves and stuff.
And you get experience points for combat.
So... Basically, you... It's an older game, but you also...
It's just one that's way too involved for me to actually go into a lot.
But I will say that the Windows version was compatible... Sorry, it uses NVIDIA's physics software to create its interactions.
And it also...
You know, had all kinds of other effects that were in it, very dynamic.
And the Game of the Year edition let you use a 3D mode by using any TV that had the anaglyph 3D glasses.
so there was that of course we had the three probably most well-known voices for any Batman series ever Kevin Conroy, rest in peace as Batman Mark Hamill as the Joker Arlene Sorkin as Harley Quinn so there you go
um it uh was uh it started well it was announced in August 2008 developed by Rocksteady Studios um you know again with Eidos and Warner Brothers Interactive and uh they uh
started going into full production as of September, bringing in Paul Dini, who was a writer for the animated series and in Detective Comics.
And, you know, it basically just went fully into design mode.
They hadn't finished the cast, but they had the setting.
They knew Joker was going to be in it.
And then there was a matter of bringing in
like I mentioned earlier elements from some of different writers but as well as how to use certain items were actually influenced by Legend of Zelda and Metroid games so there for anyone who remembers E3 2009 it was hardcore like it had a big section for its marketing and
On top of that too, because it was so well received, there was a collector's edition that had a 14 inch or 36 centimeter replica of the Batarang, a behind the scenes DVD, a 48 page book about Arkham's inmate, and it was leather bound, a code to download Crime Alley challenge map,
and you also could get Den Bones challenge map by ordering at certain retailers.
The Game of the Year edition was announced originally only for Europe, Asia, and Australia but of course there was a North American release later.
and it had the game, the Trioviz 3D visual effects, two pairs of themed 3D glasses and the six released DLC challenge maps, two of which were not made available in North America.
There was downloadable content that was available exclusively for PlayStation 3 and Mac OS X
there were the later release the Insane Night Pack with the Totally Insane Combat and Nocturnal Hunter was released November 17th sorry September 17th 2009 Prey in the Darkness, A Heart of Darkness Hot House Prey and it was the Prey in the Darkness Pack was an exclusive again for PS3 and Mac OS X there was
Batman Return to Arkham by Virtuos that was a compilation of a remastered Arkham Asylum and Arkham City for Unreal Engine 4.
There's an Arkham trilogy that was developed by Turn Me Up that also included Batman Arkham Knight for Switch.
So yeah, so here is where we get into the reception.
it was basically its Metacritic score for Xbox 360 gave it a 92 out of 100 PlayStation 3 got 91 out of 100 the Windows version the same it held the Guinness World Record for most critically acclaimed superhero game ever until it was succeeded by Arkham City so there you go
and it everyone just loved it everyone was like this is the best you know it shows what a superhero game is it was engaging the story setting everything was amazing and it was referred to I like this description by Andy Robinson of Computer and Video Games said it is a thinking man's stealth game I think that's a great thing and there were
you had like Scarecrow the Scarecrow battles were definitely praised as some of the most and I'm quoting cerebral moments because it manipulates the fourth wall I thought that was pretty cool they put it along the lines of the Psycho Mantis battle in Metal Gear Solid and
but yeah it won bajillions awards um it won outstanding achievement in the AIAS 13th annual interactive achievement awards uh game design adaptive story character performance by Mark Hamill um nominated for game of the year adventure of the year it
it won many many and it was also the highest rated uh uh hold on I lost where I was oh yeah it was the highest rated Microsoft Windows game alongside Dragon Age Origins and Street Fighter 4 so yeah I I am I'm not gonna name all of the things it won a bunch of the things
it won two BAFTAs I mean, there you go so yeah and going into a little bit more, Grant Morrison said that it influenced the Batman Incorporated comic books and was quoted saying, when I played that game it was the first time in my life I actually felt what it was like to be Batman high praise yeah
so there you go I didn't even touch everything I caressed it a little bit that's fine Batman Arkham Asylum your classic game of the week and yeah gosh I'm 15 years old at this point not just 10 but 15 16 really and also I kind of have to thank Nick for influencing this one because he suggested the Batman Ness game but I was like no I'm going to do Arkham okay alright
I remember the Batman NES game.
Actually, I was surprised that I have not done a single Batman game.
Really?
There were some bad ones over the years.
Alright, we have some rapid fire news we're going to get into.
We're also going to get into, sooner rather than later, a listener roundtable.
So if you want to give us a call, you can join our green room over at vognetwork.com slash discord.
But first, we have some more stories coming at you.
So Loki, let's go to some rapid fire news.
You know, it's so crazy to think that, you know, the thing that it takes to get someone out of retirement when it comes to acting is money.
And that's the case, I guess, with Jim Carrey.
Because, you know, we have confirmation that they've already greenlit a fourth Sonic movie.
And he's like, hey, I wouldn't mind coming back to be Eggman again.
And yeah, I wouldn't mind seeing him in a fourth Sonic movie.
So maybe that'll happen.
Even though he's, like, died.
But whatever, you know.
Spoilers.
I'm just kidding.
Yeah, he dies in, like, all of them.
It's fine.
I imagine it's one of those things that's humorous at this point.
By the way, I think I saw something in Discord because, you know, Tigerclaw's a huge Sonic fan and posts a lot of stuff on Discord about that.
The movie made a billion worldwide across that mark.
It's made a lot.
I know that.
Yeah, it's made a lot.
or maybe that's the whole franchise is made a billion one movie making a billion that's a lot but the whole franchise yeah still impressive that seems a little high for one movie but I know it did pretty well so I don't know franchise made a billion yeah okay
and then we've got some Sonic games you can check out so one thing that's kind of nice about Sega is they do kind of give a green light to fans making fan games and one of those is Sonic Galactic it looks really cool they said it's I guess it's kind of it looks like a
A 2D Sonic game, but with better graphics.
But then they also have these sections that are like 2.5D almost.
That look kind of cool.
It's like running on a wall or something like that.
I really liked how it looked.
But it's got five playable characters in there.
Sonic the Tails, Knuckles, Fang the Sniper, and... Who's the other one?
There's another one in there as well.
There's a mole.
Tunnel the Mole.
It's an original character.
that they may make new friends for Sonic.
Definitely looks legit.
It's a good thing Sega is usually pretty friendly to these sorts of projects and probably won't be trying to shut this one down anytime soon, but yeah.
Ooh, the multiplayer mode looks kind of cute.
Yeah, the graphics look really cool.
It's almost like either 32X or...
you know something but I like the that like quasi 2D thing that they've got it's like on a wall or something like that yeah I don't know like a bonus stage thing looks fun looks neat yeah great uh but yeah if you're interested in that you can check it out at um sonicgalactic.github.io all right uh let's move on DarkSakura
So there is the Arcade Archives Castle of Dragon coming to the Switch on already out.
It looks like it's already out.
It came out on the second.
So it is available for download.
It was one of the arcade archive series by Hamster.
It is an action game that was released by Athena in 1993 where you are two kings to go to a castle inhabited by dragons and save a princess.
Trope, trope, trope, trope, trope.
There you go.
All right.
Moving on to this story real quick.
Since it is the beginning of the year, that means it's time for another Awesome Games Done Quick.
So Awesome Games Done Quick 2025 did get underway today.
I think they kicked off with Astro Bot was the first game
that they did earlier.
No, it was, I'm sorry, Pikmin looks like was the first game.
Astro Bot was just a highlight from today's set that is going on there.
I think Tomb Raider is the next game they're about to get into as we're taping live here.
So we're somewhere between this Zelda the Wind Waker and Tomb Raider run.
They might be right in between here.
as we are live doing our show tonight.
And as you know by now, the Awesome Games Done Quick charity, it's raising money for the Prevent Cancer Foundation because, you know, fuck cancer.
But they raised an awful lot of money for it, and they're going to run for the entire...
Oh, fun.
That's going to be fun.
So there you go.
Raising money for a great cause.
Some other games to look forward to on the final day.
Final day is pretty stacked.
Elden Ring is there during the final day.
The Legend of Zelda Ocarina of Time.
Echoes of Wisdom is a bonus game.
I believe that means if they raise enough money, they'll do that.
and the much-anticipated Crazy Taxi with Live Backing Band is also on Saturday.
Oh, that's right.
That's right.
I forgot about that.
So that's going to be a pretty stacked day there for Awesome Games Done Quick.
Please enjoy.
All right, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates.
We'll go to here in the U.S.
first.
Loki.
not a whole lot coming out this week but we've got Sea Fantasy on PC Ys Memoir The Oath in Fengana that's going to be on Nintendo Switch PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5 The Fox's Way Home on Nintendo Switch Freedom Wars Remastered on PC, Nintendo Switch PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5 and that's it
All right, traveling to Japan.
We at least are getting releases again, but it is still a slow week.
On the Nintendo Switch, we have Freedom Wars Remastered releases on January 9th, and that is the lone release on the Nintendo Switch.
And it is also being released on the PlayStation 5, Freedom Wars Remastered.
And honestly, that is pretty much your only big release.
Honkai Star Rail is out next week.
I imagine a lot of people grabbed that digitally, but there's the Trailblazer edition coming out on the 15th.
But as far as this week goes, still a little slow, but at least there's something.
How about the UK, DarkSakura?
Freedom Wars Remastered for Switch on PS4, PS5, PC on January 10th.
Alright.
That's it.
That's it.
We still gotta ease into the year a little bit, but in a couple weeks it'll get going again.
Alright, I think we just have one quick story here, and boy, if this isn't a prediction... And we did get an email.
Just foreshadowing.
Oh, great.
Hooray.
Okay, we'll get to that in just a moment.
Then we have one story here that's very... What a 2025 kind of story.
Way to kick things off, right?
What year is this?
Are we going to really do this again?
Are we really seeing this again?
but yes, apparently there's been a tweet by Mike Shapiro who you may know as the voice actor of the G-Man from the Half-Life series putting out some cryptic thing on Twitter talking about what's coming in 2025 I think
uh that's cool and all but I think that people may be misinterpreting what that's teasing because you know everyone's like oh Half-Life 3 obviously but you may remember what else is G-Man in that is going to be getting its absolute cinematic release in the movie movie sphere why it's Skivity Toilet and G-Man is in Skivity Toilet technically so I think that's what they're teasing
Clearly not Half-Life 3.
That sounds completely reasonable, to be honest, Loki, with the direction you're going with it.
But stay tuned.
Yeah, I'm just kind of rolling my eyes at Half-Life 3 teases this week, although they did go back and do all that work with Half-Life 2 for the anniversary, but I don't know.
I feel like Half-Life Alex was Half-Life 3.
That's what you get.
Enjoy.
Well, just like it'd be a new Half-Life thing.
It doesn't have to be 3.
It could be just...
Something new, I guess.
Fair enough.
Another side story to prevent Valve from having to print the number three.
The three key is broken on all of their computers, as it turns out.
Portal 3.
Alright, well this is the part of the show where we get into the listener roundtable.
Reread your emails.
Participate at Orangelandradio.com.
We get your chat comments over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network and some of your social media comments.
If you ping us on BlueSky over at Orangelandradio.com.
Yes, you can have a custom.com on BlueSky.
A lot of people haven't figured that out yet, but it's just Orangelandradio.com on BlueSky.
DarkSakura, you said you had an email.
Yeah, so I'll read it.
Dear OLR, it's your girl Mishi here.
I just wanted to say, as always, great work on the show.
Glad to see it's still going and I hope it keeps going.
It's been a household staple here in our house.
Keep up the good work, y'all.
I've been playing a lot of games and it seems like my new faves are Stellar Blade and, of course, Astro Blot.
I did find a new to me Metroidvania similar to Hollow Knight called Voidrot and mad shout out to our own DarkSakura for the heads up and checking out Fantasian Neo Dimension it's got really deep FF7 and I think DarkTutsi has said 4 or 6 as well I'm really enjoying it anyway just wanted to give you something to read for the show have a good one and stay awesome always Mishi
Thanks, Mishi.
Appreciate it.
And yeah, you're reminding me.
I need to make time for Fantasia and Neo Dimension.
I really want to play it.
But, you know, only so much time in the day, right?
But I really want to make time for that one.
As an old school Final Fantasy fan, I feel like I owe it to myself to play that one.
And I feel like DarkSakura would agree.
Alright.
Well, thank you so much for the email, Mishi.
Appreciate you.
Hope you're having a great 2025 so far.
All right.
Just some comments from chat over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
SSJ100Matt says, Jason Schreier, I forget, what's the big player?
Was he Washington Post, New York Times?
He's one of those big players.
He used to be Taku years and years ago, right?
Now he kind of does more indie stuff.
Bloomberg was the big thing, right?
I said it right as Bobby put it in chat.
It was Bloomberg.
He is predicting that Half-Life 3 is one of his 2025 predictions.
That Half-Life 3 is actually happening.
Maybe reading into the obvious read on that last story.
I don't know if he said that before or after what you were saying.
If he said it before...
that's interesting because that guy does have his ear he has this you know for for better or whatever he he does have a lot more industry people to talk to him uh and can probably get a better read on some stuff that's going on in the industry so if he's saying that it does raise an eyebrow um but again I'll believe it when I see it as I think most of us are at that point yeah I like the idea of Half-Life spinoff though especially something that maybe would complement like a Steam Deck refresh
you know like if the Steam Deck were to get a refresh this year like imagine like a Half-Life game that runs really well on that and somehow is you know I don't know what it would do differently you know tailored to that whether using touchscreen or something but but I don't know that's why my brain my brain is going maybe there'd be something to really push more Steam Decks in that regard I mean if Switch 2 has their own launch titles maybe a Steam Deck 2 ought to have their own launch titles we'll see mm-hmm
uh he's saying uh Matt is also saying in chat as Joe and Matt says he also thinks Grand Theft Auto 6 slips into 2026 um wouldn't be surprised wouldn't be surprised would any of us not at this point all right well with that we are going to well let me check in for any last minute stories Loki I don't know if you have anything you want to talk about um I did not okay
then that's it we're going to wrap it all up thank you as always for listening to Orange Launch Radio and being here with us tonight we are the show where every gamer has a voice but remember we need more voices to put out on air so help us spread the word tell a friend or two all that good stuff a nice five star review on a site like iTunes, YouTube wherever it is you found this podcast five star review goes an awful long way and we really appreciate all of that that's it we're going to wrap it up
DarkSakura, I think you told me earlier you're not going to stream tonight you're going to rest up a little bit but we'll still go to you first for any final thoughts yeah, I have until I figure out what's going on with my work schedule my Sunday night stream, I might start doing a Saturday, not Saturday but earlier in the day on Sunday but but yeah
I'm tired.
Fair enough.
I get it.
I get it.
Loki, your final thought tonight?
My final thought is I just finished designing that build, I think, and it's 475,000 blocks at least.
It is my biggest project again.
Alright.
And then my final thought is I hope we have a good year ahead for gaming.
I hope we hear about less layoffs.
I hope we find ourselves back in a good place and have some things to get excited about like a new Switch or whatever Steam Deck decides to go.
I hope we get some things to be excited about again.
So let's hope that 2025 is a great year for gaming and that's all I got to say on that.
Have a great week, everybody.
We will see you next time on Orange Lounge Radio.
Good night.
But you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
