Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Extroverts rejoice! DVR-Ace is out and receiving positive reviews, and Pokemon GO is out in the US!
Now if only we could prevent Team Rocket from shutting it down from time to time.
Introverts, enjoy your personal comfort along with this week's news on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hey, you know, I think I know some introverts playing both those things too.
But hey, welcome back everybody. It's another week of Orange Lounge Radio, the show where every gamer has a voice.
Live tonight on July the 10th, 2016 with episode number 649 of our show.
My name is Rob Robertson, joining me here in lovely Studio N7, located in Sacramento, California.
Home of many Pikachus and Eevees, apparently. Say hello to DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
And Caterpie's in your bathroom.
Yeah, I hope it wasn't in the litter box, because somebody else Caterpie's in there.
No, it was hanging on the shower curtain.
Oh great, that's good to know. How are you, DarkSakura?
I'm okay.
Good. We missed you last week.
I missed me too.
But I know, did you have a good 4th of July?
It was alright.
It was okay. It was alright.
I managed to shut my thumb in the sliding glass door, so I have to get it, I guess, burned through to lancet.
Well, that's scary.
It's ugly.
So, you are not going to be here next week though, right?
I don't know. I'm probably not, or I might be late.
The California Extreme is next week too, I think, is something else going on.
Oh my god.
Busy, busy time.
Well, it's just that I'm going to be a judge at an event.
Oh, fun.
For, hold on, let me get the event information, so go ahead and go to Loki.
Alright, Dirty Housekeeping, remind me, we'll plug that event.
Say hello also to Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
With a mouthful of breadsticks, complete radio professionalism going on over there, but I know how it goes.
You only got here to the show with minutes to spare, so you gotta eat.
You can't, those rants tonight have to be fueled somehow, so there you go.
Right.
How are you doing, Techmaster?
I'm doing fine.
Yeah? Busy week?
No.
No, not really?
No, not really.
Oh, good, then you had a chance to play lots of games, I'm sure.
No.
It sounded like you said tech bastard.
Tech bastard Loki. Some might call him that.
That's fine.
I don't know about that.
Hey, you guys can also join us.
I'm fathered by Edward Stark.
Technology.
Hey, it's live, of course, every Sunday night. Our show is live.
6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show at the Voice of Geeks Network.
vog.network.com, vognetwork.com.
Although our pal Bobby did have the night off, he is at another engagement right now, so he could not make his own show,
but usually he will have his fun little show leading into what we do here, and he's got an anniversary show coming up.
You know, we just had an anniversary show. He's got one coming up as well, so we're all having birthdays right now.
You can, of course, join us live in our chat room, live.vognetwork.com, where Dungeon Buster theorizes Loki's restoring his mana for casting rants later.
Yes, that's how it works. You eat the food, you get the mana back, and then you can put everybody on blast later in the show.
Rob, I'm disappointed.
What?
Because everyone knows that drinking stuff restores your mana, and food restores your HP.
Sorry, sorry. Maybe I was thinking of one of those weird games that went against the grain and changed that formula.
No Go Deft in our chat room, I believe that's ActDeft under a new name, says Loki's rants are powered by breadsticks and hate.
I was going to say, I think in Final Fantasy though, at least Eleven, eating pies would give you...
There you go. So some things would challenge the formula.
Pizza pie, breadsticks sort of like a pizza pie. That kind of works, right?
That kind of works.
I just want pie, really. Just pie.
Pizza pie, apple pie, pizza apple pie, I don't care.
Chocolate cream pie. Specifically. Or Boston cream, which is cake pie.
Look, I know we've talked a lot about cake on this show, we've talked a lot about pie, but Alan's birthday was this past weekend.
So Friday night we went to the Brazilian Grill out in Roseville, and you know, they're really yummy, but you know what we had for dessert?
We didn't have cake or pie. We had flan.
And I feel like we don't give flan enough respect on OLR in our little dessert debates.
So I just want to show a little love for flan tonight.
Have you eaten a flan recently?
No, but I did have egg custard in my milk tea.
I feel like we should have a little PSA. The more you know.
A little thing that flies by after...
We'll have Katy Perry standing on it.
Flying in on a giant tub of flan.
You realize someone should Photoshop that now?
Dartit Studio says, I like Tech Bastard. Maybe there'll have to be a new name in the future. Who knows?
Stoppy in chat says, I can't stand flan. It's like an earwax cake.
You know what, Stoppy, I'm going to need you to leave.
I'm kidding, I'm kidding, I'm kidding.
You know what I can't stand? People who are wrong.
It's the show...
Brad, you're asking what the hell is flan in a chat room when you could just look it up on the internet.
Wikipedia.
I think it's a yummy custard type of thing.
It's a custard.
It's like if they made milk in the jello and then sprinkled paprika on top or something.
No, it's more like a cinnamon.
It tastes like a churro.
It's like a gelatinous churro.
When you look at it, you don't think it's going to be as delicious as it is.
So if you're a picky eater who judges things a lot by what it looks like...
It is a subtle flavor though.
I always get the chocolate mousse or cake or whatever that they have there.
And I always regret it because it's just like, I don't know, too intensely chocolate.
It's like, okay, this is too much chocolate.
Hold on there buddy, this is too much chocolate.
Alright, and Brad from Pod Culture says, you assume I care enough to do that.
You should, you should if you've never had it.
Alright look, we could talk about desserts all night long I'm sure, but it is a show about video games.
I want to get into gaming because even though our gaming news tonight is a little bit light compared to recent weeks,
I truly feel a gaming, and you know, you know how sometimes I like to get a little dramatic on this show
and sometimes I have the tin foil hat on, but I truly believe this.
I kind of think a gaming revolution has occurred this week.
And as much as we talk about World of Warcraft changed gaming
and we talked about how Xbox Live changed gaming.
I really, really think Pokémon Go has changed gaming this week.
Fuck that, we were doing fucking Ingress at least a year before that.
I know right, the hipster old man in me is like, you sons of bitches pulling over at my park.
You know what?
Fucking amateur.
I stumbled upon a dead body, fucking amateur.
We've been finding dead bodies for years now.
I was cruising parks, I was in cemeteries at questionable hours.
I was in places that said restricted access, but I went there anyways just to hack a portal.
You fucking kids don't even understand.
Pokémon can be anywhere. If you want a portal, you gotta hike to it.
Who got you those portals? We did, fuckers, we did.
That's right, those pictures on your Pokéstop? That was us.
You ungrateful sons of bitches.
You want to know who put the Pokéstop at the strip club? I did.
Niantic.
Yeah, but Niantic approved it.
It was actually, I felt my nerd cred shoot up a little bit, and then I was like, oh my god, what's wrong with me?
When I commented on a YouTube video, the one about the strip club, and they were like, thanks Nintendo.
I was like, Nintendo didn't really have anything to do with that, it was an Ingress portal.
You didn't get your ass thrown out of that strip club with a camera phone in a strip club.
We didn't go into the strip club, it was right behind it in the graveyard.
No, but I saw a picture of someone like they were catching a Pokémon in a fucking strip club.
You can see the dancer on stage.
Because Pokémon are everywhere, you can capture it.
Yeah, but that shit's gonna get your ass beat.
She just caught a Caterpie in the potty.
But here's, okay, this is the thing, listen to this talk right now about the Pokémon and everything.
This is, I'm telling you guys, and you guys have probably experienced this a little bit, this is a social phenomenon right now.
And look, I understand there's a few of you guys out there that are gonna be like, I don't get it, Pokémon sucks, da da da.
Yeah, I don't get it either because there's no fucking game.
Well, hold on, we'll get to that in a minute.
But honestly, a lot of that talk, I'm gonna keep it real, because I like you guys.
A lot of that talk just screams to me, I haven't downloaded and tried the game yet.
Now, is the game perfect? Fuck no, it's got a lot of problems.
And Loki will have no problem addressing those problems shortly.
However, I gotta tell you guys, okay, first off, and even though I am an Ingress Hipster and we make those jokes and all that stuff,
the reality is, Alan, myself, Shane, we walked around downtown yesterday for a good three hours, probably got a good two mile walk in,
just walking to all these random places. Why? Pokémon.
We put off a lure at the park, and you know one thing I've learned about lures?
They don't just lure Pokémon, they lure trainers.
We met like six other people playing this.
The thing about Ingress is that in comparison to Pokémon GO, nobody's fucking playing Ingress.
And look, I love my Ingressers, I love you guys that are playing and so forth, but the reality is, because of the brand of Pokémon,
and the ease of getting into this game and so forth, Pokémon GO has just blown the fuck up in a way that Ingress just wasn't able to do.
But the Hipster in me is very happy that we laid the foundation for this game.
Just two things. Number one, me fussing at my phone at the post office, and the ten year old next to me going,
Oh my god, I know, right? When I couldn't connect to the server.
And number two, Trixie Mattel on Twitter.
It's kids, it's adults, it's grandparents.
You know, to be fair, it's a lot of the same demographics we'd seen in Ingress.
It was literally a little bit of everybody, but I mean again, in Pokémon GO, I have co-workers that I never suspected were playing video games at all.
That are obsessed, well I don't want to say obsessed with Pokémon GO, but that are talking about it at work and how on a lunch break they want to go lure Pokémon and stuff.
Like this is, gaming changed this week.
And yeah, it's got, it's broken and it has a lot of progress it needs to make.
You replace the word Pokémon with small children and they're pedophiles.
But they're not, they're small children, or they're small Pokémon.
God damn you.
Anyway, okay, so look, Loki, I know you've got issues with the game.
Let's talk about it. What's wrong with the game?
Did they fix anything from when I played the beta? Because I think they just said, hey, you know what, this is ready to go, let's put a fucking store in there.
And we're done.
I mean, I don't fucking get it. There's no game to it.
I mean, there really isn't. You can, you know, capture gyms.
For what? There's no points. There's nothing.
If there's no factions, there's no actual competitive portion of it other than like, cool, I captured the gym.
That'll be held for like two hours until some other person comes by and captures it again.
And it's just so fucking buggy. I understand it's free to play, but my fucking god, you did nothing.
Give it some more time to fix some of those fucking bugs. It is just broken.
Yeah, the gym thing is like unplayable. And even if you could play it, like you'll hold a gym, like you said.
I think the gym should be a team thing.
Yeah, I mean, there's a gym within Aisha. Obviously, I don't want to give away where I live, but I'm sure most of you have a similar scenario.
Everywhere.
I live in suburbia and when I fire up my scanner, I can see a gym not that far away.
It's not next to my house, but it's where I can kind of see it and see what color it is.
That thing changes hand several times a day. In Ingress, I own that portal and when anybody comes to fuck with it, I take it right back.
But in Pokémon GO, I can't do it. I would have to live on that fucking gym.
Well, it's because these people are playing like, I don't know, to be honest, I don't know how people are leveling so fast because like, I played it quite a bit when the beta was going on for two weeks.
And we had unlimited fucking everything. Like, all that shit you got to pay money for at the store, it was unlimited.
So like, I was using the XP boost thing, fucking lures, you know, all that shit got to level 7 in two weeks.
And there's like people that are level 19 and 20. It's like, dude, what the fuck are you? Are you just doing this all the time now?
I mean, do you work?
That's some of the questions we used to ask about certain Ingress players.
I still ask it about those players, but I mean, like at least then I can understand, you know, when they're hitting stuff at like three in the mornings.
I mean, that makes sense. But like, what the hell? I mean, I get it. But people are excited about Pokémon. I'll give them that.
But don't give Niantic a fucking pass for this level of shit. No one.
But Ingress doesn't let me catch an Eevee in the bathroom.
I don't, you know, first off, fucking AR people with that shit turned on in fucking amateurs, man. Just turn that shit off right away.
And all these people in the car wrecks playing Pokémon, please. I caught like six Pokémon on the fucking freeway here today.
Like, that is just, there is no excuse to that shit.
It is a lot easier to catch Pokémon if you just turn that AR thing off.
It's also going to save your battery.
But I mean, the novelty of it. I mean, even bringing up my Twitter feed, one out of every five tweets is a camera picture of like, look, there's a Squirtle on my toilet.
Or look, there's a Pokémon. I even posted one last night. We were at Benihana.
And I thought it was funny because one of the little Paras or something, the little crab guys was standing on the grill.
And I thought it made for a funny picture. I was like, oh, seafood time.
You know, I thought it was funny, but like, that's a lot of what's going on on Twitter right now is just, you know, a lot of memes and things that have to do with this game.
And it'll pass. People will calm down about it. And I, you know, I'm going to be the pessimist here. Shocking.
I think people are going to get bored of this really fast.
And I got bored of this really fast before because if people are catching everything that quickly and people are leveling up that quickly,
and then they're going to find, okay, all I can do is really take over gym, it's going to get boring really fast.
It's not like Ingress where you can kind of, at least, you know, there's team scores.
It's never ending Calvin Ball. Everything flips.
Yeah, there's like actual scores that you're paying attention to and stuff like that. It's just now it doesn't really seem like a point.
Well, here's the thing, you know, look, every MMO is botched in its first week, every single one.
And, you know, to Niantic's credit, like, sure, this game was going to be popular because it was a free Pokémon game,
but even I am sitting here going, I didn't think it would be that popular with all these people playing it.
And it's a lot of people. And so there's a part of me that's like, okay, maybe Niantic really wasn't ready for how many people wanted this.
And to be fair, and I know we have a worldwide audience, so I want to, you know, acknowledge,
we probably have listeners in Canada and the UK that are like, fuck you guys, I can't even play the fucking thing. Shut up, Loki.
Don't worry, if you have a Pokémon club membership, you know, you can't fucking play the thing either.
Well, and we'll address some of those things later in the show, because Pokémon GO is in our news a little later in the show,
so we'll address some of those world issues and that. But, you know, I do believe, just based on what I've seen with Ingress
and having played, you know, that for a couple years, Niantic is really good about every couple weeks there's a new version of Ingress
where they've done something. They added the Lawson power cubes or they put the cubes on the bar with the XM.
Like, they do change that and regularly update it. So I feel like Pokémon GO, you know, even during the beta,
we got several client updates there too. So, you know, I think the client that we have now in Pokémon GO,
it's not going to stay that way forever. And I think these issues will get worked out and there will be new versions of the client that come out pretty soon.
And so once things stabilize, then I think the real question is, and you do bring up some valid points, Loki,
what happens when I catch them all? Now what? Because I've been going balls to the wall, running in every park and everything around town.
I've caught them all. Now what? Although I would speculate it's impossible to catch them all because they teased in that trailer
all those people in what was in New York City that were all capturing Mewtwo, you get the sense that like Ingress,
Niantic will probably do live events with some of the legendary Pokémon. So I imagine not every Pokémon is in the game right now.
There are some like Mewtwo.
You know, the only way, if I've learned anything from the movie industry, the only way you're going to be able to catch Mewtwo
is by everybody throwing their Pokéballs directly into his dick at the same time.
Stop. Let's see. Fifth Dream in chat says $5 to download your Pokédex completion certificate. Referencing a news story from last week, I think.
Kaijuto in chat says they need Pokémon battles. Or maybe not. Maybe the fake, it's just an AR Pokédex is what draws people to it.
They don't have to learn about EVs and all that stuff. That is a valid point is that they kind of simplified Pokémon, maybe too much for some.
Brad mentions, you know, catch a thousand of one type Pokémon, morph it into a shiny. Heaven helps Shane if they add shinies.
Oh, he's already told me. Like, he asked, he's like, are there shinies in Pokémon Go? I'm like, no, I don't think so.
It's just the first gen Pokémon. He's like, oh yeah, shinies weren't added until third or fourth gen or something like that.
And so, he's like, yeah, I'm screwed once that comes out. Once the shiny thing happens.
But, you know, again, the gym thing, the balance is really off. Like, the thing for the gym, it doesn't work right.
Like, we all try to attack a gym. It just freezes or the thing gets down to one hit point and it won't die.
They added AR for the gym, which is fucking unnecessary, but they did that.
Yeah, but whatever. So, but again, I think Niantic's gonna fix this.
But then here's the question. Where does the game bottom out?
And is this hype train gonna continue for weeks and weeks and weeks? Or is it gonna bottom out?
Because when Mitomo first came out, I think a lot of people were checking that out, but who's still playing Mitomo now?
Even I finally fell off the wagon. I kind of stopped checking Mitomo and I was doing it for a while.
Darsak, are you still playing Mitomo regularly?
Every day.
Wow. Okay. So, there's some.
Especially now that they've added more level, levels now.
So, I'm having a good time with it.
Okay. Well, that's fair. But it still would be fair to say there's not as many people playing Mitomo as there were in the beginning, certainly.
So, I mean, Pokemon Go is gonna have a bottom at some point.
I think, like, you know, kind of just going back.
Or is it? Maybe it won't.
I think some of the things that would help or some of the things they have in, like, Ingress.
Like, granted, I think the attacking, you know, and stuff, they're not gonna ever implement anything like that.
But the missions are kind of cool, you know, where you go and visit locations and, you know, maybe, you know, visit the PokeStops or something like that.
They could do something like that. It would be kind of cool.
Yeah, that'd be really cool if they took some of those missions from Ingress and put them in Pokemon where maybe you actually get a Pokemon as a reward for doing a mission.
Or candy or stardust or something that's, you know, currency. You don't really get a lot of ways in the game right now.
That would be pretty cool, I think.
I think that would help. I mean, I don't know.
Really, I know one of the things they're probably gonna add is just more Pokemon. I mean, they're gonna keep adding stuff to it eventually.
Yeah.
So it's never gonna run out, but, like, after a while, it's just gonna be like, eh, you know, where do I go to get these Pokemon?
I mean, it doesn't seem there's any rhyme or reason to some of them.
Well, we'll see. I don't know. I'm not quite as pessimistic as Loki.
I don't think you're gonna have the fever around it that we have right now, at least this week.
But I think in about a month's time, I think people will still be playing it.
You know, people might say, oh, once a week we're gonna go out and hunt Pokemon together. Like, it might become a thing for some people.
Thank God there's no fucking Sojourner equivalent in this game.
But I think for the most part, it's gonna, I think it'll still be a thing.
And I think, you know what's funny? Go listen to the very first show that was put out this year.
Not to swell my ego too much, but, you know, once in a while I have to pat myself on the back.
We did our predictions for the year, and I said on that show, I said Pokemon Go is gonna be the biggest mobile phone game of all time.
And if what we're seeing this week is any indication, absolutely right on that call.
It's way too early for that.
Bigger than Candy Crush? Bigger than Draw Something? Absolutely.
No, I think it's gonna just fizz out in a couple weeks.
Can't wait to see where we're at six months from now, where they're adding Gen 3 or 4 Pokemon into the game and people are still-
Make it more interesting. Like, I don't know. I just, I understand that, yes, Niantic will add updates and stuff.
But, dude, like, the way the app has been released so far is, it just like, network issues aside, it is just fucking broken.
Like, why is that acceptable for any publisher at all?
I thought the whole reason you have this beta test was to fix the problems, not rush it out because, oh, god damn it, we need to, you know, get those people to pay for, you know.
I was surprised it came out as soon as it did. I was thinking it wasn't gonna be till the end of the month.
Yeah, I was like, you know, when this thing ended, I'm like, dude, this thing needs time to cook.
I mean, even by the end of July, I think it's gonna be too quick and then they're like, oh, hey, it's coming out tomorrow.
It's like, holy shit, why? Why would you do that?
You know, ActDeft does remind of an interesting point. Loki, you have to keep in mind, Pokemon Go hasn't gotten an official international release.
Yeah, and you-
Not all people in the world have it.
You know why? Because they're like, holy shit, this shit is fucking broken and that's why they, like, stop their-
So, we're all beta testing it here in the States.
Yeah, we're beta test number two, I guess.
Huh, interesting. Well, we'll see what develops. I still think this game is here to stay, but I do agree that it's got a lot of broken stuff, but I think Niantic's track record shows they're gonna evolve it, lol.
The game will continue and I think there will be more of a game in there pretty soon for people to use their caught Pokemon.
We'll see. We'll see what develops with this.
Again, if you guys want to chat along with the show, live.vognetwork.com and we'll take your calls later.
I'm sure some of you want to talk about Pokemon Go later on. We'll take your calls.
Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype, but-
Well, I also did have the event for next week.
Sure.
It's gonna say what it was.
Yeah, go ahead. I wanted to finish a thought on Pokemon Go, but-
Oh, sorry.
No, that's okay. Go ahead.
It's a game merge that it's gonna be held in our Sacramento area and it's produced by IDGA Sacramento and Women Who Code Sacramento, so that's awesome.
And you're gonna be at that?
I'm gonna be a judge.
Meet Dark Sakura.
Make your game not suck.
Awesome.
I'm a strict judge.
What was the other thing I was gonna say about Pokemon Go? Oh, this is the other thing. One last thought on that is that, you know, I still think the social phenomenon that's going on with this game is not to be ignored and it's huge.
I mean, everybody's talking about this game that has a remote interest in video games.
It's going to- and the reason why I say gaming is forever changed this week, and even though Loki kind of laughs at that because the game's a little bit broken, you know every other company out there, especially ones that make mobile games and shitty ones at that, are looking at how do we make the next Pokemon Go?
And there's gonna be so many knockoffs of this game coming your way real soon. Real soon.
And I'm not even talking about the obvious stuff, like I'm sure there's a lot of people going, oh, LOL, there could be a Digimon game or-
I would quit Pokemon Go for a Digimon game.
Or whatever other Mon games are out there, but I think, you know, any successful cell phone game is usually followed by clones. Look at what fucking happened to Flappy Bird.
Ooh, we're gonna catch some Skylanders soon?
Yep, yep. You know every other company is looking at this going, why didn't we fucking think of that? So-
Because you're fucking dumb, because Ingress has been out for three years, you stupid idiots!
Well, but, you know, again, without sounding too hipster grandpa-y, Ingress players built that network that Niantic is profiting off of big time.
Yeah, prof for my fucking paycheck, where's my fucking paycheck?
You get paid in bursters.
No I'm not.
I don't take payment in bursters.
Fifth Dream in chat says, Final Fantasy Go. Dardichia says, Puzzle and Dragons Go. Fifth Dream says, I would battle flans everywhere.
Stoppy says, Oregon Trail Go. You could actually go down the Oregon Trail.
I don't know if I want to go down the Oregon Trail.
Let's see, Kaijuto says, Pokemon Go is a ripoff of Invisimals for the PSP and Vita, so it's been ripped off already. Oh, interesting.
Yeah, but Invisimals is crap.
AgDef says, Your paycheck is with every Oculus Rift backers check for selling to Facebook.
Alright, we'll see what develops with Pokemon Go in the coming weeks. I kind of think- I'm interested to see the news stories.
I did like the funny, you know, because people are making funny photoshops and stuff like that, so Dark Souls Go.
That's really funny.
I like- well, I don't like, but I think it's interesting that there's all this stuff in the media. Like, you know, a girl finds body by the river because she was trying to look for a Pikachu or whatever it was.
So there's that. There's the whole unfortunate story about people are using the lure on the Pokestops to actually lure people out of their houses to rob them while the Pokemon lure is going.
I'm like, that's kind of- that's actually really clever, even though it's really fucked up.
Yeah, you can't catch your wallet.
So, don't steal things, assholes. It's not nice.
Alright, we're going to get to the rest of our show, but of course every week we like to start off with a little bit of how was your gaming week, and what other games have you been playing this week besides Pokemon Go?
If anything, Dark Sakura.
Other than Pokemon Go? Well, some Ingress.
Oh yeah, Sims 4. I'm building houses. I'm going to fill a whole town full of nothing but pretty Sims that I make, and that's kind of it right now.
Alright. Yeah, Pokemon Go took up a lot of my week too, so I didn't end up playing an awful, awful lot, but let's check in with Loki first.
You know, with Konami in mobile games, maybe we can see, you know, like, a mobile game from them, like Pokemon Go.
Oh, P.T. Go.
P.T. Go. Silent Hills Go.
That'd be fun.
That'd be cool.
You know, I have a problem. I really do have a problem. That problem is with clicker game addiction, and unfortunately I have played way too much fucking Tap my Katamari.
Fuck you for bringing that into my life, by the way. Fuck you. Fuck you a hundred times or something hard and sandpapery because I can't stop playing that game either.
I hate you.
It's a good time sink because Pokemon Go wasn't fucking working, so I couldn't play it from my house like I used to, but, um, yes.
It's just like, it's got that where you set yourself like a goal, okay, I'm just gonna, I'm just gonna level this up a little bit.
Oh, wait, I got some more money.
Okay, well, I got to spend that money because, I mean, you know, you want to have the most cousins rolling while you're not playing, and then you get more money.
Oh, well, I got to spend that money too, and it just fucking goes forever, and it never stops.
I'm still playing it because it's entertaining, so whatever, you know, it's fine.
And then, yeah, I played a little bit of Ingress because that's required, and a little bit of Pokemon Go just because, you know, it's kind of sucks.
I actually leveled myself to, well, I leveled to five. I had leveled to four before on another, so I had an account through Pokemon Club, and their servers are fucked, so I was like, fuck this.
I could wait until this, you know, gets fixed, which could be forever, or I'll just create one through Google Play, which, you know, my Google account is usually easier to log into, so I did that.
I created another account, and I thought, oh shit, you know, now I'm gonna have to come up with a new username and all that.
Nope, it fucking let me have the same username, so I don't know how that's possible, but whatever.
So yeah, so I created a new account, leveled it up to five, so now I have one that's four and one that's five.
The four probably never get played again, but I'm surprised it let me do that, and yeah.
I have no intention to spend any money in this game whatsoever because those prices in that fucking store are fucking ridiculous.
Oh, but let's put that $99 option out there.
Yeah, but every game has an obscene, you know, money to spend cost thing in it, you know.
Like Tap My Katamari, doesn't that have like a $75 candy bin or something?
Yes, but, I mean, if you're willing to watch the ads, which I did, and actually I'd like to get on a tangent about that too, since I do play a lot of it, so I watch a lot of the ads.
Or I shouldn't say I watch a lot of the ads, I actually take a break from looking at the screen for about 30 seconds while those ads are playing, but I did actually see a lot of them.
And holy shit, do all the mobile games that are on those ads, like all the fucking same.
And there's like some shit I'm like, what the fuck kind of game? Do people actually play this shit?
Like they had some Willy Wonka slot machine thing, which it's kind of cool that it was the Gene Wilder Willy Wonka, so not the Johnny Depp one, but what the hell?
I mean, there's like some weird lotto shit on there, you know, people are getting pissed off at Counter Strike gambling and shit, and then they've got all this lottery shit on there.
I don't know. A lot of really crappy games on there. And then fucking Angry Birds has like a fucking Bust-A-Move game now.
So, I don't know, that's weird. But yeah, I'm not going to play any of those games either, so.
But I'll take the free candy, and you know, they dole it out so often that it doesn't really matter, you don't need to pay real money to get that stuff.
That's it.
Alright, before I get to my gaming week, I have an important announcement for Dark Sakura.
Uh oh.
That Raichu's back, and it's showing three feet somewhere from the ice. You're going to have to go to the park to find it or something, it's showing, it's a ways away, but it's in the radar.
Dark Sakura may leave the show. For the first time ever, Dark Sakura may leave the show, right in the middle of it, to go find her fucking Raichu.
Don't even try me, I am, uh, fuck.
Would you really be mad?
Dude, like seriously, like, since we started-
You're really leaving to go get the fucking Raichu. She's gone. She's going.
You know, since we started this show, that gym has changed colors twice already.
Yeah, I know, I know, it's crazy.
I am doing the right thing. I put down the phone.
Dark Sakura changed her mind, she will not be hunting the Raichu right now. Alright.
It better be there tonight.
Ah, tangled!
Oh cool, I'm almost level six.
Alright, anyway, um, so unlike Loki, I may have spent twenty dollars on Pokemon Go, and I may be level eleven already, which is really nothing compared to most people right now in that game.
Like, I couldn't really play the damn game for the first two days, so it wasn't really until this weekend when I was able to really start playing, so-
Yeah, I think the leveling must be-
Oh, it's completely different than it was in the beta. It's much faster.
Yeah, the beta, that's probably why I only got the level, the level seven or whatever, I don't know what the equivalent was.
Well, in the beta, they gave you great balls at level two, ultra balls at level three, and all that stuff, right? Great balls are at level twelve now.
So, they definitely changed-
But everything seems a lot easier to catch, so that's kinda nice.
That's true too.
It's none of that, oh hey rat, hey, let's uh, hey Pidgey, how about you jump out of that fuckin' ball like eighty times, oh hey, or like, you know, you throw like a master ball at it or something, and it's like, yeah, fuck you, I'm just gonna jump out of this anyways, even though you got a nice throw and all that.
So, yeah, it seems like some balancing and tweaking has happened there.
As far as other games I've been playing this week that aren't Pokemon GO, I've been playing Pokemon 3DS, actually. I'm continuing my quest in Alpha Sapphire.
I have definitely progressed more in that game than any other Pokemon game that I've played, save for maybe Pokemon Yellow, so at least in a very long time, so there is that.
Other ways, when it comes to like console stuff, I played a little bit more Grand Theft Auto, but not a lot, and then some other random console stuff, but nothing really new.
I didn't really get into any other new games this week, so same thing with PC, I played a few matches of Overwatch, Alan's been really into the ranked mode thing.
I am still not level twenty-five, cause I can't binge play that game the way other people do.
I play a match or two, and I'm like, okay, I'm good, I'm done, I don't need to, I need to play a ton more.
But, you know, Overwatch is still a thing that I'm playing a couple times a week, even if just for a little bit.
So, that's really it for my gaming week.
So for housekeeping, since Darsakha got her plug-in, I don't really have a lot else left, just a reminder we won't be here Labor Day weekend, but that's still a good six weeks away.
So, that's that.
Otherwise, follow us on Twitter, twitter.com slash o-l-r.
We're also on Facebook, facebook.com slash orange lounge radio.
All that being said, let's get into some other gaming news.
Things happened in the gaming industry that wasn't just Pokemon this week.
So, let's get into it. Loki.
Alright. Man, I'm full.
Anyways, so Blizzard is going after some creators of some Overwatch cheats.
So they have a cheat program that basically you pay a subscription to this company, and they give you special abilities, like the ability to see people on the map.
Different, I guess, aside from map hacks and stuff.
I don't know, but they were charging $1450 a month, so now they're going after the actual company that's making that.
And they kind of did something similar, I think, with their MOBA game as well.
I think they had something like that, some other cheating thing.
But the suit, basically they're using the DMCA, you know, as the reason for the case since, you know, obviously they had to reverse engineer something to get it to work.
But yeah. Cheaters suck.
And basically they're gonna, you know, ban people that are caught using this.
The interesting thing is, though, that the company, I think I was reading about it, maybe on another site, says that there's nothing Blizzard can do.
Because they're in Germany or something, and so they're not subject to the laws here.
So Blizzard can basically go suck it, is what the cheating company is saying.
And I agree, cheaters suck, and Blizzard needs to put the ban hammer on people that are using this software, but, you know.
I don't know if that works if they're doing business, though, in the United States.
Yeah, I mean, again, that's just what they say, is that they're immune.
That doesn't mean they really are, because you're right, if they're selling it in the United States, then they're kind of...
And plus, Blizzard also has a presence overseas.
They also had a bot for Diablo, was the other thing, Diablo 3.
They had a bot, and apparently they had the company that made that actually won against Blizzard in Europe in 2013 for their honor bot.
Really?
For honor buddy bot.
I seem to remember that came up on the show a while ago, so I kind of wonder if that sets a precedent.
And they also had a storm buddy heroes, or storm buddy bot that was for Heroes of the Storm.
And they, I guess, won against them as well.
Well, hey, shit, if you've won twice against Blizzard so far, I guess it wouldn't be a stretch that you win a third time.
Alright, but don't let Blizzard catch you using that software, they're probably gonna ban you.
So, enjoy that.
Let's talk about something a little more positive, and something that's awesome, and that is breaking games legitimately.
And something that was on full display this past week.
We talked about it a little bit on last week's show, but Summer Games Done Quick happened during this past week, and it officially ended yesterday.
Grand total, $1,295,326 raised for charity, which was the Doctors Without Borders charity, I think based in France.
Because it had a different name.
Medicines Sans Frontieres.
That's it, thank you very much.
And, just in case you were wondering, Kill the Animals did end up winning for Super Metroid for this year's speedrun.
So, they died.
But don't worry, they're only pixels, and they do come back in one of the later games.
Metroid Fusion.
Also, let's see, they did announce the dates for the next awesome games done quick, which will be January 8th of 2017 through January 15th of 2017.
Did you guys watch any of the Summer Games, er, yeah, Summer Games Done Quick? What did you guys think?
Cool like it always is.
Yeah.
Pepsi Man!
Everybody's talking about this Pepsi Man thing. I didn't see it.
You guys were watching it.
It's pretty funny.
Yeah? Is it like one of those games that's so bad it's good type of thing?
Yeah, it was a game that came out in Japan on PlayStation 1, I want to say.
And, it was all in English. They had like Japanese text on the bottom, but it was all voice acted in English, and they had these really terrible cutscenes, like full motion video cutscenes.
With some like, redneck looking guy just drinking Pepsi and talking about Pepsi, and it was stupid. It had nothing to do with the game.
Huh. Interesting.
And the game itself is just weird.
I'll have to see it on YouTube.
It's like, you run and run and you avoid obstacles. It's kind of Paperboy-like. Except you just run.
I did watch the one I watched the biggest chunk of. We actually, yesterday after our Pokemon run downtown, we came back here to cool off for a little bit. We were watching Summer Games done quick.
I saw a little bit of the Pokemon Red run that they were doing. I saw just the very beginning of that, and I thought that was interesting.
Because, you know, I didn't realize you could beat so many Pokemon without really leveling anything. I kind of thought that was something you had to do, but they sure knew their way around that.
But then I also watched quite a bit, probably a good hour, of the Final Fantasy 6 speedrun that they were doing yesterday.
And so that was pretty cool to see, because they have to bug out the game in some places.
So like, Locke ends up wearing the merchant outfit that he steals for like, a good chunk of the game.
And there's just other interesting little ways that they kind of...
That'd be kind of cool to watch.
Yeah, there's other ways that they kind of break that game that I thought were really interesting.
I was looking for, like, I heard they had some pretty cool stuff with Taskbot this year again.
But I was trying to search, because I normally watch it just through the archives, because I never catch it when it's on.
But, you know, I wanted to watch what they did this year with Taskbot.
Yeah, actually I'm hearing a lot about how Tetris the Grandmaster getting a lot of props for that.
And of course, you know, I know one of the guys who used to listen to OLR a bit is now really heavily involved with that.
So that's pretty cool how that all runs around.
A lot of folks... I didn't see this, but I certainly saw the response on Twitter and Facebook and so forth.
SHO 100 Matt in our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com says,
The moment where the disabled gamer completed that indie game one-handed.
He gave a really emotional speech after doing an amazing job on his run.
I didn't see it, so it's hard for me to comment on, but I'm gonna have to find that.
Because a lot of folks on Twitter were saying the same thing.
I guess donated during that and they had called it out or something.
Oh, did he? Yeah. Oh, that's awesome. I heard he donated, but I didn't realize it was during that. That's awesome.
It was some of the Super Mario RPG stuff was pretty cool, too.
So getting the 12 flowers in the Bowser chase or the... what was the guy's name?
I can never remember the bad guy who kidnapped Peach right at the beginning.
Bust Boomer? Buster? Anyway, chasing him down.
And someone accurately predicted out loud like how many flowers would get there in that chase. It was pretty fun.
It was neat. Yeah, those guys really know that game inside and out.
Or those games, anything they're speedrunning, they know them inside and out.
So it was pretty cool to see. So big props to everyone involved with that.
And we'll be talking about it again in six months when it's time for awesome games done quick.
Fingers crossed for our buddy Flocko and his submission for P.T.
I think he said he's going to try it every time until he gets in, so we'll see what happens.
Meanwhile, DarkSakura, what do you have for us?
Well, we have hit a year anniversary since Iwata passed away.
I always hate the term passed away. I just prefer died.
Because why should you lessen the impact of something like that that happens?
You know? But that's me.
Anyway, it has been a year as of...
Well, it's already July 11th in Japan, I believe.
So it's been a year over there since everything went down.
And it just makes me wonder, what do you think about Nintendo now?
Kind of the direction it's going in.
Or even just seeing Pokemon go, I mean.
Yeah, right. Actually, that was an interesting tweet I saw yesterday.
Not to be too much of a downer, but it's a real bummer that Iwata can't see the cultural impact that Pokemon Go is having right now.
But in a way, even though it's a really sad thing to say, in a way it's also kind of uplifting.
It's like, oh, but he knew that that was going to happen.
And he'd probably be really thrilled that people are responding to it the way that they are.
So in a way, it's actually a little bit uplifting, I think.
I've had them look forward to it.
Yes. But I wonder how he'd feel about the NX delay.
I think that ended up happening a little later.
Then that one would be, it can't be helped.
I think there's a lot of people definitely still thinking about Iwata and just the impact that he's had on gaming that's going to be felt for a very, very long time.
It's very similar to when Steve Jobs passed for Apple.
The last product that he had worked on didn't come out for several years until after.
So again, not to be a downer, but these things happen.
So it's going to be several years before Iwata's presence on the gaming industry truly fades and moves into a newer generation of Nintendo.
But anyway, a moment to tip our hats and remember Satoru Iwata one year later.
Well, that being said, let's move on. Loki.
All right. So this is pretty cool. Red Dead Redemption has finally made it to the Xbox One backwards compatibility.
And that was on Friday.
And they're actually offering it now if you're a gold member for $7.49.
And not only with that, you will also get some of the DLC for free.
So they've got the Myths and Mavericks bonus pack and Legends and Killers pack are free.
So go check that out and go play it if you have it on backwards compatibility, because it's awesome.
They even did like a thing with what was it?
The website that does all the like frame rate tests and stuff. Digital Foundry, I think.
They did a test on the frame rates and everything for the game.
And actually now it's all pretty much 30 frames per second consistently and not any sort of slowdowns or anything like they had before.
So definitely check it out.
Is that maybe why it kind of took a little longer for that to come out even though the beta had released some time?
Or not the beta. It kind of leaked out, remember, for like a day that Red Dead Redemption was going to be backwards compatible?
So they kind of were taking time to actually tweak some things and make it better?
Possibly. Maybe for the consistent frame rate.
But pretty much a lot of the games that are on backwards compatibility end up running better than they do on their original systems.
That's pretty cool though that it gives you a whole reason to go back and kind of look at it again, right?
Yep.
Alright.
Kaijuto in chat says, do yourself a favor and just buy the game of the year edition for cheap and play it that way.
But some of the add-ons are all included and stuff, right? With the backwards compatibility?
Yeah, so definitely if you can get it digitally that way, that would be a way to go.
It's a great game. Just play it if you haven't.
Alright, well moving on to another Nintendo game and that's Splatoon.
And as you guys know, Splatoon is in a way winding down because the Splatfest will be ending.
The last Splatfest is going to be on July 22nd.
We already talked a little bit about that last week and there's the whole Team Cali and Marie and all that and who's going to join what team.
But Nintendo did take a moment this week to just reiterate that they're not pulling support for online in Splatoon anytime soon.
They have said that the quote general online experience and service will continue.
So they're not ending the game or anything like that or going to pull the servers like EA would or something like that.
The game will continue for the foreseeable future.
Probably until the inevitable Splatoon 2 or Splatoon on NX or whatever it's going to be.
Because y'all know this game is getting a sequel because pretty much everybody who played it loved it.
So we'll see what develops with that.
And good luck to everybody on that final Splatfest that's happening in a couple weeks.
I was worried that it was happening this weekend because usually they announce it.
You pick your teams and it kind of happens the next weekend.
But they gave a really big lead time this time.
So you actually have until the weekend of the 22nd to do this.
So good luck everybody who's going to be doing that.
Alright, moving on before we get to release dates.
Dark Sakura.
Well I'm sure everyone knows I'm a big fan of the King of Fighters series.
And not so much Fatal Fury but I love the characters in it.
So coming out to Dead or Alive 5 is going to be Shiranui Mai.
Yes, everyone's favorite ninja lady.
Me bouncy! Because that's what she says when she wins the match.
That's not what she says.
She says, me bouncy!
That's not what she says.
She shows a little bounce.
That's not what she says.
That's what I always heard as a kid.
She says, me bouncy.
So, anyway.
But, she was also my favorite character to play and not because of that.
Because she was a badass with the flame kick and the fan throws and all that stuff.
Yeah, the whole thing that I kind of hope is that they were saying like a KOF versus Dead or Alive.
Is I'd like to see more of the King of Fighters folks in the game.
I'd love to actually see a full versus series.
That would be pretty awesome.
And also Team Ninja, well let me rewind.
She's going to be available in September.
Team Ninja is also adding in new costumes based on some of the KOF outfits.
And then this month there's also a bunch of costumes and a stage based on Shingeki no Kyojin Attack on Titan.
I watched the trailer for that.
It was pretty badass.
I have to say it looked pretty interesting.
So, there you go.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Challenge Radio at VoGnetwork.com, use the pass phrase Zoo.
I'm getting some backup and chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Fifth Dream in chat says, I always thought me bouncy too.
Oh good, it wasn't just my immature mind.
Dark Tetsuya says, I did use her in Fatal Fury Special.
I think that was my favorite installment.
Yeah, honestly Fatal Fury Special still is one of my favorite fighting games.
She first showed up in Fatal Fury 2.
Yeah, she was first in Fatal Fury 2.
But then of course I loved her in Capcom SNK 2 as well.
That's one of those games we used to play at Golf Land right after DDR.
It was Capcom SNK 2.
Oh man, I wish they would have made a 3 to this day.
I realize both companies are very different now, but that was a fighting game I'm always going to love.
I liked when their artists did each other's characters.
That was the best.
Oh yeah, because SNK vs Capcom is also kind of a trip.
I loved seeing the differences in the style and how awesome it was.
It's kind of a bummer we never got Tekken X Street Fighter.
I know we got Street Fighter X Tekken, but remember we were supposed to get Tekken X Street Fighter and that kind of didn't happen.
Yeah, you get Akuma.
Yeah, you get one character.
Are you satisfied?
No, I'm not.
Unless they're using that engine to then ultimately do Tekken X Street Fighter.
Unless there's going to be DLC that's Tekken X Street Fighter.
Oh, bite your tongue. Bite your tongue.
Alright, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates and check out some things that you'll be playing a lot sooner than Tekken X Street Fighter, that's for sure.
Loki, starting in the US.
Alright, I know there's not a whole lot this week.
Let's see, so starting off, we've got, oh actually quite a bit.
So, 7th Dragon 3 code VFD on the 3DS.
Assault Suit Lanos on PC and Playstation 4.
They're doing a new Ghostbusters game that's going to be on PC, Playstation 4 and Xbox One.
Kerbal Space Program on Playstation 4.
Mobile Suit Gundam Extreme vs. Force on Playstation Vita.
Necropolis on PC, Mac and Linux.
Poly Bridge on PC, Mac and Linux.
Song of the Deep on PC, Playstation 4 and Xbox One.
Tumble Stone on PC, Playstation 4 and Wii U.
Under Night, In Birth, EXE, Late.
These are Japanese titles, seriously, just throw random words in there.
That's going to be coming out on PC.
And a game called Video Ball on PC, Mac and Linux, Playstation 4 and Xbox One.
And then, we've got some more stuff coming out a little later in the week.
Push Me, Pull You on PC, Mac and Linux.
Adrift on Playstation 4, which is, that's almost like I think a VR title at some point.
But I guess it can be played without VR.
And then we have Monster Hunter Generations on 3DS.
And Obliteracers on Playstation 4 and Xbox One.
Which I love that, I love that name by the way.
And then actually on the weekend, Tumble Stone on Xbox One.
And then that's it.
Alright, well traveling to Japan, it's kind of a different story with the releases.
Because as I was looking at the calendar, I was like, wow, there's nothing.
There's nothing on Playstation 4, there's nothing on Wii U, there's like nothing coming out in Japan.
But then I got to the 3DS and I realized why there is nothing else coming out this week.
Because out this week in Japan, Yokai Watch 3 version Sushi and version Tempura are both out.
Yes, those are the names of the two versions. Sushi and Tempura.
I'm a big Tempura fan. I like fried fatty foods.
Team Sushi.
So, Yokai Watch 3, Sushi and Tempura are out on the DS this week.
I realize those games did alright here, but they're huge in Japan.
You know, all those Splatfest names and titles, they're really just testing out subtitles for the new Pokemon games.
Perhaps.
You're going to have Pokemon Hot Dog, Pokemon Ice Cream, and...
Pokemon Callie and Pokemon Marie? I don't know about that.
Pokemon Autobots, Pokemon Decepticons.
Stoppy in chat says, I'm waiting for Yokai Watch McRib.
So, this is kind of cool, to interrupt the show.
So, someone apparently is battling a Pokemon at the gym right now and I can actually see...
Yeah, you can see the animation in the scanner.
Oh yeah, it's pretty cool.
Yeah, when a fight is actually happening at a gym, you see like a little puff cloud of smoke and electricity and stuff coming off the gym, like there's a fight going on.
Like, you know, cartoons of cats and dogs fighting, that whole thing.
Yeah, it's pretty funny.
Oh, like fights in the Sims?
Gang, fight, gang, fight.
Oh my gosh, it almost, like, every time you see that happening, don't you just want to run down to the park and go, nerds!
Even though you're totally a nerd too, like...
Oh, it's a Nidorino.
Anyhow, let's see, going back, Tigerclaw says, Skye, have any of you guys found any Pokemon at the OLR studio?
You must have missed the very beginning of the show, Tigerclaw.
I caught an Eevee on the table, a Caterpie in the bathroom, and I just caught a Nidorino.
I did catch, I want to say I did catch a water Pokemon in a gutter, apparently, because I was on a walking trail, and there was like some drain runoff that was right there, and I guess there was like a seal bathing in the drain runoff.
I got a Staryu, whatever those things are, I got one of those today at a winery. Those are the water types I can go for.
I just got a Pidgey on my computer.
Congrats.
Alright, let's see, Alan Alchemy in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says, I wonder if Loki is going to run out and go, what are you doing? There isn't fun! This isn't a game yet! Stop it!
He very well might. Don't tempt him.
There's a Flareon up there now.
Alright, just a couple more stories for you guys, then we're going to get to the classic game of the week.
Loki, what do you got for us first, while I catch this Nidorino, which is very important because I don't have this in my Pokedex yet.
I like the people's names, though, that are on that gem. Sarah's Got Balls, Lifted Ideas, and Ricky the Prowler. If that doesn't sound like a pedophile name, I don't know what will.
I love some of the Pokemon names. Like, I'm sure a lot of you have seen that story about the Pidgey that was on the White House that's called Murica, right?
And then somebody put a...
Can you see the Pokemon names? Because I had, like before in the beta, I had a... was it a Raticate that was Donald Trump?
On the gems you can. Yeah, and somebody has a Pokemon somewhere called Fuck Trump that was on a gem. I don't remember, I just saw that floating around on Twitter.
You saw one too. Is the Westboro Church had one?
Yeah, that's Love is Love with the Clefairy.
Appropriate. Love it.
If I got a Pikachu, I would name it after this old, like, Flash animation that was out in late 1999, and call him Fuckachu.
It was this guy who turned himself into a Pokemon named Calic. It was the dumbest thing ever. I have it somewhere on a hard drive.
Act F'ed is correcting you in Chat Dark Soccer. It was a Clefable, not a Clefairy.
Whatever! It's one of the pink ones that I don't like.
However, I will have everybody know, I accomplished something I couldn't ever accomplish in the beta on day one.
Did you become the very best?
Yes, because I caught a Pikachu, which for some reason, I fucking live in a neighborhood of Pikachus. I'm not complaining.
But I also caught the very first day, Jigglypuff. Thank you, goodnight.
It's the one Pokemon I wanted. I got a Jigglypuff. Jigglypuff was like the fifth Pokemon I got.
No one can see that. Rob just pulled a Gia gun.
There's a reason why we're not a video show here at Orange Lounge Radio. Hey, Loki, what's Loki got for us in the news before we wrap things up?
More exciting news than actual Pokemon Go.
Did I do my game releases? I didn't?
Oh, no you didn't. So we should go to the UK first.
Yeah, I guess.
Meanwhile, I will sit here and name Pokemon after drag queens.
Oh my god, that's what we should do. We should just give them like, just make up drag names anyway.
Just the same rules apply as was at, um, it was a horse game.
Oh, um, uh, Derby Owners Club.
Yeah, the same rules apply as Derby Owners Club.
Rob had Politary.
I did, I had Politary.
Raichu is now the closest Pokemon showing on my radar.
What? Oh, girl. I've got Incense on right now.
We gotta get to break.
On the 13th is Fru for Xbox One.
And the 15th, Ghostbusters on three different systems.
And Obliteracers, which is actually kind of a neat name.
Okay, I'm done. Loki.
Alright. So, um.
Bitch better show up.
No more delays in the future. It is coming. No Man's Sky has gone gold.
And they posted to Twitter showing, hey, look, we got this wonderful DVD, Blu-ray that we're gonna, you know, have them press.
And, yeah, woo! So it is coming now, August 9th.
Congratulations. You did it.
Yes.
Oh, shit, we lost the DVD. Or the Blu-ray. No, I'm just kidding.
It failed Sony quality check. We have to go back to it.
So, I'm excited. I can't wait to play that.
Yeah, it's about time. Because I've been looking forward to that game.
It was supposed to be out for my birthday. That didn't happen.
So, now, now I will get it in the coming weeks.
But, but, but, but you got Mighty No. 9.
Mighty No. 2.
I can't wait.
Actually, although, if, you know, Captain Spike over at Gameboi.org, they did, which is also here on the VOG Network, they did a show on Mighty No. 9 recently.
And they kind of, you know, Spike said he played it and it's not bad. Like, the internet is really giving this game way too much shit.
The internet is wrong.
What's that?
The internet is wrong.
Believe, imagine that. The internet is wrong.
I just caught a vetinet on your butt.
Oh, God. I imagine, at the end of the day, it's probably just not the game people expected it to be.
Well, it's probably not what the footage they showed originally was.
I doubt it's Pepsiman bad. Like, that's probably the point.
There's worse games than Pepsiman.
Yeah, Pepsiman. I think that was a better game than Mighty No. 9.
I think Temple Run was actually inspired by Pepsiman.
Well, I don't know if you guys love this game or hate this game, but you're going to have a real easy way to try this game out soon, and that is the game Evolve.
You remember Evolve? That came out not that long ago. It was a 4v1 type of game.
Well, what's interesting about the future of Evolve is that Evolve is going to be going free to play, at least on PC.
You know, Turtle Rock, who developed the game, has said a lot of very interesting things about the game, and they even called some of the things that happened behind the game a, quote, DLC shitstorm.
So, there's going to be balance changes, UI improvements, map improvements, bug fixes, customization, and all that stuff.
On July 7th, all that package will be free as a beta to test server loads.
If you have previously bought the game, you are now a founder, and your content will transfer, and you're supposed to get some other type of extra gifts at some point.
Turtle Rock also saying if this is successful on PC, they are considering transferring it over to consoles as well.
So, we'll see. It's going to be interesting to see how this changes the game and what it could do to sequel potentials.
Be very curious about that, because I kind of figured this game was going to be getting a sequel, but maybe that's going to be in question now. We'll see.
Anyway, let's travel back to a time when, you know what, there wasn't, free to play games, no such thing.
No such thing. You would pay $40 for shit Atari 2600 games that were completely commercialized, like the Purina.
Purina Chuck Weiningen.
Okay, she went a little more recent than that.
But, anyway, every week here on the show, DarkSakura steps into the gaming vault and finds a game that she thinks, hey, you little shits, stop capturing your caterpies.
Stop capturing them and become partners with them.
And enjoy this classic game of the week.
Get chosen.
DarkSakura, what is the classic game of the week?
Digimon World.
I see what you did there.
Digimon World is, it was put up by Bandai on PlayStation. It released in 1999.
And it's about being a, you know, having a partner Digimon and raising them and helping save their island.
So, you start off as a person who is brought to File City on File Island by Digimon to save everybody there.
The Digimon were losing their memories and turning feral, and so you have to help save them.
You have to recover their memory and return back to the city.
So, you raise a single Digimon from its egg form, going into all the different levels of it.
After a while, it will start to fade with age and then turn back to an egg, so you have to raise it again.
But as you go through the game, it's actually based on certain questions depend on if you start with Agumon or Gabumon.
So, it was pretty, you know, I mean the game itself, it was really a game for the fans.
They had a crazy, crazy marketing campaign to compete with Pokemon.
Because at the time, yeah, that was around when Pokemon Red and Blue were both out.
There was a Digimon trading card game that came out with this.
And then the game actually, the trading card game actually came out with Digimon World 2 in 2000.
It didn't get the highest rating for Famitsu. It got a 23 out of 40.
But it sold well enough in the US to get a greatest hits release in a platinum range in Europe.
But it really was just a game made for the fans.
Because you'd have to know more about, I think, the series to be able to really get the game.
And I've played through it. I actually really enjoyed it, but I was also a pretty diehard Digimon fan.
It was really neat and it had other versions that came out.
There was Digimon World DS, Digimon World Dawn and Dusk, Digimon World Data Squad, and Digimon World Championship.
Even though they weren't really official games that were in the series, they were just localized that way.
There was Digimon World Re-Digitized, where it came for PSP.
And then there was Digimon World Next Order that came out in 2015 for Vita.
And there was also, I was trying to find the thing on it.
There was the Digimon V, what was it? Barcode Scanner. Do you remember that?
Where this one brand of cereal would give you the best stats ever.
It was crazy, but I was always a bigger fan of Digimon than Pokemon, especially in terms of watching the anime.
I liked the concept better. I didn't like that they're not your little pets.
I liked that you actually teamed up with them and they could communicate with you.
I liked the whole series better.
Digimon World and I want a new Digimon game. I've been totally enjoying watching Digimon Adventure Try.
So, there you go.
Done.
Alright, there it is, your classic game of the week.
Digimon World on the PlayStation. What an appropriate selection for everything going on in the world this week, Darsakra.
No, I love it. I love it. It's a little bit of a, hey, don't forget this one as well. Love it.
Anyhow, let's see, going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com, some folks are remembering some of this.
Dark Tetsuya says, oh, Barcode Battler. At least that's how I remember it.
But the story, it was a specific brand of ramen that breed a powerful monster.
That was it. And to answer Act Deaf's question about if I've tried the new Digimon game on PS4, not yet.
You should put that on your to-do list.
I should, but I've got, built 20 million other things I'm playing.
The gamer struggle, the very big gamer struggle.
Let's see, Ragenator says, I did see some of the original Pokemon and Digimon anime series.
Admittedly, the Digimon theme was slightly catchy, but the shows themselves were, I don't know, obnoxious for lack of a better term.
You gotta watch them in Japanese.
And I was gonna say, you didn't, your fandom was not about the US ones, you always watched the Japanese.
No, because I, my first exposure to the Digimon was watching the Japanese one, so that's sort of what I stuck with.
I know those voices, so it's like going to watch, and Ranma and I have had this discussion.
It's like going, like when I start to watch Ranma one half, I have to watch it in Japanese because those are the voices that I know better.
You know, for people who watched it in English, they know the American voices better, so that's their preference, so.
I hear you. Alright, it's like when they change the voices. Like in Final Fantasy XIV, they changed voices in the expansion.
It's like, wait a minute, these aren't the same people. Who are these new people doing the voices?
One of them is dead.
Well, she died after Heavensward came out. That wasn't the reason why.
The new expansion.
Well, the new expansion is now yet, but yes, her voice will have to change. Although her character's story kind of wrapped up, so they just may not put the character in the game anymore.
We'll see. We'll see what they do.
Anyway, we're going to take a quick break. When we come back, there's more of Orange Lounge Radio, including, yes, a FUGO Question of the Week this week.
Some rapid fire news. We'll talk about some changes to Xbox avatars that are pretty awesome.
We'll talk a little more about Pokemon Go, because it does impact the news in some ways as well.
We'll talk about your emails and your calls at Orange Lounge Radio on Skype when we come back after this with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio. Live tonight, episode number 649 for this July the 10th of 2016.
Our show in progress. If you missed the first part of our show, we spent some time in the beginning talking about the phenomenon that is Pokemon Go.
Just talking about the big impact that it has. Loki talked about some things he'd like to see improved, for lack of a better term.
We are going to get into some rapid fire news in this segment as well.
Next week on our show, I didn't realize this, I guess multiples of 50 are kind of a big deal. Next week would be episode 650.
Although, I don't know, I guess we already did something for episode 600, so we just have the quiciniera to look forward to at this point.
We need episode evil.
That's right, episode 666 is in sight.
Yeah, I actually looked at that earlier today. That's going to fall sometime in November.
Is that accounting for Labor Day being off?
Uh, yes.
Oh, you know what? I will also be gone gamer X week, so you gotta push it back one more week.
Yeah, because we'll be gone gamer X week.
My mom might be in town.
A few more weeks and we can hit.
I know, I'm like, we might make Christmas.
Hopefully, Orange Launch Radio episode 666 will be visited by Satan Claus.
We'll summon the Krampus.
Hey, you know what? My one wish, and I hope he's out there listening, for episode 666, I need him to be out there listening.
I want Travis Donovan as DJ Satan to call into episode 666, Orange Launch Radio. It's the one thing I want in life.
Make it happen.
Tweet him or something. Let him know. He has to be here.
It's time to prepare.
For those of you that don't know, when he had his show, Understation Live, he always closed each episode as DJ Satan.
Although, I don't know if I was supposed to give away that it was actually him, just like you're not supposed to know that I'm Mr. Spanky.
Like, we couldn't all tell.
I gave away big secrets here on Orange Launch Radio. Big secrets, my bad.
I'm going to get a hate mail tomorrow.
Alright, let's do some rapid fire news, and then of course we will get to your calls in a little bit here.
Orange Launch Radio, all one word on Skype.
But first, rapid fire news. Loki.
So, here's what I love about Grand Theft Auto 5, and I really need to go back and play this.
And actually, I think this is probably going to get me to do that.
Especially Grand Theft Auto Online, because I really got out of that.
I don't know. I didn't have as much fun as I thought I would in it.
But, there's a brand new expansion coming out called Grand Theft Auto Online, Cunning Stuns.
And what it does is it adds a bunch of new pieces to make up your own stunt tracks in the race creator.
Because I don't know if you know, Rob, that in Grand Theft Auto Online you can go in there and make your own death matches, make your own racetracks and whatnot.
And one of the things that people like doing, especially in the mod community on PC, is making giant fucking ramps and all sorts of stunt races and stuff like that.
And they actually do that in the real game as well.
But now it's going to get ridiculous. They've got metal tubes you can race through with boost panels and fucking fan blades and all sorts of ramps and crazy shit.
Fucking can't wait. It looks awesome.
Perhaps they will have one where you can play as the badass librarian in a future expansion called Cunning Linguists.
Cunning Linguists. Yes, maybe. That'd be awesome.
I would look forward to that. DarkSakura, would you play the Cunning Linguists expansion?
You like grammar. I'm getting an eye roll.
There we go.
They're also adding new supercars, sports cars, motorcycles, and stunt themed apparel. And they'll be coming out on July 12th. Just a couple more days. For free, by the way.
I like free.
And I'm sure you'll be looking forward to a wonderful... Well, at least you installed all the patches and everything and you have yours in standby. It'll automatically install it.
Nice.
And then, on top of that, Final Fantasy VII is coming to Android for the premium price of $16. No thanks.
Can you tell me I can play Final Fantasy VII on my phone without any fucking controls? For $16, which is probably more than they charge on the Playstation Store? Oh, fucking sign me up.
I think it does have controller support. I would hope that it has controller support. But it is going to be available. Check it out. Go grab it.
DarkSakura, can you do your story six?
Sure. Why not?
For folks who are playing Gunvolt 2, Shovel Knight's going to be a guest boss in that game. And the trailer actually looks pretty neat, but he looks like he's going to be pretty hard to beat in that one. If you haven't seen the trailer, go check it out because it's pretty cool.
And then, perk up at death, there is going to be a Kirby Cafe in Japan. It's going to, actually there's not really a whole bunch more information on that, but it's probably going to be really, really good food. Probably fluffy, adorable, Kirby things.
I bet it'll be like some marshmallow dishes, which actually sounds pretty disgusting to me, but other than that though.
It's really one of those adult cafes and you know, well, it's Kirby themed. They suck, right? He sucks things with his mouth.
Loki, knock it off. Anything else about the Kirby Cafe, DarkSakura?
I'm done. Fucking done.
Hey, that System Shock remake that came up a couple of weeks ago on the show, it made its Kickstarter goal. $900,000 it actually raised. That is of course the remake of the 1994 game.
There is still time to go in the Kickstarter though, so I guess this means stretch goals. But yeah, so the System Shock Kickstarter made it, so it's going to be coming.
So you can follow progress on that. At Nightdive Studio on Twitter is where you can actually follow that for updates on that.
And some folks in chat are surprised to hear that. Yeah, so pretty cool.
Also, speaking of Kickstarters, there is a game called Pray for the Gods. That's P-R-E-Y.
That was a boss climbing action survival game that I think was originally announced some time ago, but now it's like a Kickstarter.
It's fucking fantastic, by the way.
Yeah, this is something I guess you've been following because I don't know much about this.
Well, I just saw someone had posted a link to it in Twitter or NeoGaf or something like that and it looks like, you know, it has a very big Shadow of the Colossus vibe to it.
Like they show the guy, he's fighting this giant bird thing and he grapples onto it with a grappling hook and he's climbing on the fur just like he would in Shadow of the Colossus.
It looks pretty awesome.
Well, they're looking to raise $300,000, which seems a little low for something that looks this good graphically, but they do have an interesting plan.
The plan is that they're going to launch it on PC with five bosses and then they will roll it out to like Xbox One and PlayStation 4 after the PC version.
So they're not going to do things that held back other games like Mighty No. 9 by trying to launch everywhere at once.
So it seems like they've got the plan figured out.
I want to see a team of three people making it.
Oh my gosh. That's a pretty intense looking game for coming from just three people. That's pretty awesome.
Alright, let's get to the FUGL question of the week.
Every week we ask a question and we read some of our favorite responses here on the show over at facebook.com slash orange lounge radio and Google Plus.
Yes, Google Plus is still a thing. Google.com slash plus orange lounge radio.
You know, I end up saying that every week. Yes, Google Plus is still a thing.
We'll actually start on Google Plus tonight if it'll load here for me on this ancient computer that we broadcast the show from as it tries to open our question of the week, which is about Pokemon Go.
It's no secret that many gamers everywhere are suddenly staring at their phones as they collect Pokemon as Pokemon Go officially released this week.
We want to ask you what you think about the staying power of the game.
We don't hear too much about Miitomo anymore. Candy Crush and Draw Something, they aren't what they once were.
Do you think Pokemon Go will have staying power as a mobile title? Why or why not?
Starting with Act Def tonight who says Pokemon Go is here to stay. It has the potential to grow even further than other games and apps like Miitomo.
Hopefully Niantic solves the problems Go currently has, but I know that people will still be playing it years from now.
Philip W. answers over on Google Plus saying if they don't fix the issues and introduce some more expected features in depth for a Pokemon game, there's definitely going to be a drop off, but it'll likely remain popular.
And then we're going to check in over at Facebook where we ask the same thing at facebook.com slash orange lounge radio.
And we got some answers here starting off tonight from Rageinator who says, I don't know, I'm not part of Pokemon Go's target audience and never cared for the franchise.
All I'll say is this, Pokemon as a whole has a lot of staying power and a pretty good sized fan base. How long will Go last? I don't know. The best I can offer as an answer is a while.
You know though honestly though Rageinator, I kind of think Pokemon Go is targeting everybody, at least based on what I see people playing it.
I mean it might seem like it's a kids thing, but because Pokemon's been around 20 years, I know so many 30-somethings who were playing it when they were younger that are like eating this up.
And I may or may not be one of them, just saying.
Fifth Dream says, I'm not sure about staying power. If they periodically add content and new generations of Pokemon, I think it could last a good while.
I'm astonished at how popular and widespread it seems to be at the moment, so it could be around a while. I'll say this, I'm considering buying a better phone so I can play it on a trip next month.
William Murderface says, take whatever the staying power of Ingress is and add a multiplayer of 4 or 5 due to the theme.
Honestly, based on what I've seen, try 30 or 40 as the multiplier.
Anyway, due to the theme and mechanical differences, this assumes that they keep releasing new Pokemon and have regular events, possibly using legendary Pokemon as incentives for mass participation.
Without those, I think it's dead in a few months. With them, well, more than 5 years. With proper maintenance, this game has the potential to be around longer than all those you name combined, plus some.
SSG100Matt says, it's too early to say one way or the other. It'll be up to Niantic to keep the game going with events, updates, and improvements as often as possible.
As mentioned above, the attention that the game is getting is huge right now. If the game is updated often with plenty of events, then it'll last a while. Otherwise, people will get tired of catching Rattatas all day and it'll phase out by the end of the year. Niantic has their work cut out for them.
CainIam says, it depends if they can get their servers issues worked out, and if they add other features like trading or trainer battles between people, then there's a good chance that with the occasional update to the Pokedex to add in some new Pokemon, then yeah, Go has legs.
Redertainment says, I believe Pokemon Go will have a larger and more loyal user base than Ingress because Pokemon Go is an already established property.
Also, Pokemon Go gives me an excuse to go out on walks. I mean, besides exercise and being outside and all that shit.
Degenerate Johnny says, since Pokemon has a strong established fan base, I'm going to say that it has the potential of having a very long lifespan.
Especially considering what was said during E3 when Game Freak mentioned the possibility of integrating Pokemon Go with newer Pokemon games like Sun and Moon.
I just want to address that real quick though, Degenerate Johnny. I really, really, really do not think it's going to be something like you can import your Pokemon from one game into the other.
I mean, for one, Pokemon Go is only Gen 1, but because the way you level Pokemon is so different and the game itself is different, it would just throw off the balance.
You'd probably just get like, hey, you purchase this game, you get a code, hey, now it's like you unlock this.
Yeah, you're going to get items or like maybe a Pokemon that you unlock in one game or the other. I think it'll be something like that.
But it's not, I'm not expecting, and maybe I'll be pleasantly surprised, but I'm not expecting a deep integration.
I'm expecting perks for playing both and they're mainly cosmetic or pokey medic.
And lastly, Mega Man X400. I've never really been sure how to pronounce my co-host from reading his fundamental, his handle online.
I think it's Mega Man X400 says, almost didn't make it in time because I was out playing Pokemon Go lol.
Wait a minute, aren't you in Canada? I thought the game didn't come out in Canada yet.
Can't you just download the APK or whatever?
Probably, probably.
Of course, if you're on iOS.
No, there was even ways to do it on iOS. People were making accounts in foreign countries and all that stuff to get, remember it came out in New Zealand like one whole day before it was out here?
It did, I didn't even notice.
Anyway, as for the staying power, it's Pokemon, which the original game is still going strong. The game has a lot of potential for future growth.
I have faith they will continue to invest into this game more so than Miitomo or any other mobile game.
So there you go, those are the answers from our Facebook and Google Plus community, the Fugu Question of the Week.
Since we kind of already answered that earlier in the show, I won't ask everybody in here in the studio to do it again.
Instead, we will move on for more long form news, starting with Loki.
So yeah, they've done an update to the Xbox One avatars, and now they have options to have wheelchairs.
Which is kind of great for gamers that might be disabled, or if you want to roll a Professor X type character, then you can go ahead and do that.
So that's pretty cool, and that's what else they're going to be adding.
Yeah, and they have like an Xbox themed wheelchair.
It's one of those things that you really think should have just been in there a long time ago, and then when you hear it wasn't there and they have to add it, you kind of go,
Oh, well, gee, that seems like something they should have done a long time ago, but I suppose...
No, I don't really think it is, because if you look at all the other places that use avatars, like hell, your Miis don't have real bodies, let alone actual wheelchairs or anything like that.
Yeah, but still, representation is awfully nice, so for those gamers...
Yeah, it's nice that they're doing that, don't get me wrong. I think it's awesome. I just wish the Miis looked better, because they look like shit.
Alright, fair enough. I guess that's a little harder to argue with.
Okay, moving on, let's talk about Capcom and Street Fighter V.
People are playing Street Fighter V online, but some people are playing with characters they shouldn't be playing with.
Because apparently, when the cinematic story expansion came out last week, players actually got to see Juri and Urian, who have not been released in the game yet, but they are actually in one of the story mode's chapters.
So apparently, some folks went in and figured out how to tweak settings and make both these characters playable online, even though they're not out yet.
I don't know how the hell they did that, but you know what we say on this show, hackers gonna hack. If the data's there, they'll figure out how to get it on.
So anyway, producer of Street Fighter V, Kochi Sugiyama, actually went on Twitch as part of Capcom's regular stream that they do there.
They actually said that they've seen the videos on how to make the characters playable in online play.
So when you put this stuff on YouTube, how to do it, good chance is the people behind the game will actually see it too.
So they have a good understanding of how to see who's been using them, because the technique is out there for everybody to see, they know how they're doing it and how to figure out who you are.
Don't punish the people doing it, just fix the fucking problem.
Well, they do say that anyone who they know is using the characters will be dealt with strictly.
They also talked about a glitch that gives Ibuki some frames of invulnerability after landing from a particular type of air throw.
They are saying that's unintended and will be patched out, but nobody will be banned over that.
Just fix the shit.
I always say like, oh you found a bug in our game and we're gonna ban you.
It kinda blows my mind that all the data was there for them to be able to play online in the first place, but at the same time I also realized they had to get story mode out ASAP,
because, you know, releasing Street Fighter without the single player story mode was a little, you know, they got razzed for that before, so, I don't know.
Kaijuto in chat says, what are they gonna do to them? Tiger uppercut them? They might, they just might.
Although I don't think Sagat is in Street Fighter 5, right? I don't think he's there.
I could be wrong, but I don't think so.
Anyway, DarkSagra, what do you have for us?
A good story about Pokemon Go. A very good one.
Apparently it is having a positive effect on the player's mental health for one very big reason.
You know why that is? They're going outside. They're being in the world. They're getting sunshine, which, I mean, sunshine, first of all, that's vitamin D.
It helps give you energy and keeps you healthy, but people are actually going out and experiencing the world and interacting with other people and just walking and generally feeling better, which is having a very positive effect on their mental health.
It's helping people who, you know, have been sort of shutting themselves off due to other, you know, mental health issues have more incentive to go out and do things and really having a very positive effect, so, good.
Brad from Pod Culture says, in regards to being out in the sun, it also burns.
That's true.
You know what? Some people will turn to ash when they let the sunlight hit them.
Ash, alright. Ash, catch them.
Fuck off.
Let's see. Alan Alchemy in chat says, not like your cliched basement dweller, though I'm sure they're going outside more too.
No, all jokes and that stuff aside, it's really cool. And, you know, part of why I said this is like a cultural phenomenon of sorts is that it's really cool that this is having this kind of impact on people that, you know, can really nurture positive change in people's lives.
You know, I met a girl who said, yeah, I'm going to lose, you know, she's a bigger gal, and she said to me, she said, I'm going to lose 100 pounds and it's going to be because of this game.
She said, I'm walking more, I'm doing this stuff. She's like, I'm so motivated to go out and catch Pokémon, so I'm going to lose 100 pounds, it's going to be because of this game.
So, we'll see.
Let's see. S2100 Matt says, I went on a hike near a waterfall this weekend and met a couple playing Pokémon Go also.
Yep, they're everywhere. Brad from Pod Culture says, it does if you're a ginger. I got near a 100 watt light bulb, I get a sunburn.
I know those feels, bro. I also am a ginger, and so, yeah, I can't be out in the sun very long or I start to feel really, ugh.
That's why you play at night.
Well, and the summer this week has been very, very tolerable, especially considering we live in Satan's Taint with temperatures sometimes.
Like, okay, we're not Arizona bad, but, love you guys in Arizona, but we're not that hot bad.
Would they be like Satan's asshole?
It gets pretty fucking hot here, but it's actually been pretty merciful this week, so like when we went outside on Saturday it was probably only 80 degrees, so I felt fine.
I just wore a hat, and so, you know, I got a little pink on my neck because gingers, we don't tan, we just burn, so I got a little pink on my neck, but that's about it.
So, alright. Fifth Dream, kind of following that up in chat, says, I would like Pokemon Go in the autumn, winter. Fuck Pokemon hunting in this heat.
Kaijuto says, I'm in New York City, my local news just ran a story on Pokemon Go. The NYPD put out a don't text and drive poster with Squirtle on it.
Yeah, I'm hearing that local, you know, and there's-
I'm not texting, I'm fucking catching Pokemon.
I'm not texting, officer. I was throwing balls.
You've probably seen these pictures floating around Facebook and stuff, too, of the businesses that have signs that say, you know, Pokemon is for paying customers only,
because I guess people, to catch certain Pokemon, would go inside the store, even though, again, my ingress experience tells me that you don't need to be standing right on top of the freaking portal to capture it,
unless they used four axes and you need to ultra strike it, but Jarvis, that son of a bitch, in a nutshell-
I don't understand either, because you can, like, just, from my driving experience, if you see it on the screen, or even if you turn the screen, you can just tap that shit,
and it's like, whoop, there it is. I mean, you don't need to, like, walk right up to it, you just tap it and, oh, hey, look, I can attack it from a mile away.
I mean, I don't understand why people are going places.
Yeah, apparently-
Getting out of your car, what?
And people are talking about productivity, too. In fact, speaking of Travis, who I name checked earlier in the show, he posted some update where he said,
I had to tell my employees to stop playing Pokemon Go, and I was like, you're no fun, Dad!
Because how else do you respond to Travis?
Let's see, Stoppy in chat says, police chew catches you when you text and drive.
I like that, you should do posters, Stoppy.
Alan Alchemy says, yeah, I don't get that because the range is pretty large. They should be no reason why five feet inside a business would make a difference.
You know what's also funny? Just kind of, like, talking about the differences between Ingress and, like, Pokemon Go.
Ingress is like a game, like, you don't want people knowing that you're playing it, because you're, like, being all sneaky and stuff and doing that.
And in Pokemon Go, like, everybody's just like, hey, hey, hi, hi, you know, it's like, you're just hiding your phone.
I'm not doing anything.
I don't want the other team to know.
I don't want them to know my license plate and follow me home, because that sick shit has happened in Ingress, but I won't go there.
Anyway, that's why I'm actually kind of glad Pokemon Go isn't as competitive, because competition will bring out the really gross side of some people.
And I've seen that in the other game, and it's not fun.
It's also three teams, which has divided everybody.
Yeah, right? Well, let's be, Dark Soccer had the best meme about that whole thing, is that, you know, because we're all Team Mystic, for the record.
We're all on the blue team, just so y'all know. But Dark Soccer, what was that meme you had?
It had, like, a, I found the home bases of the other teams, and it was, like, a red and a yellow garbage can or something.
Yeah, it was, like, a red trash can and a yellow recycle bin.
Love it. But that, look, a little smack talking is okay.
A little smack talking is okay, but that's as far as we're gonna take it.
You can throw shade along with those balls.
That's right, that's right. We know how to throw a little shade with our balls here on Team Mystic.
Alright, Loki, what do you have for us before we get to the mailbag soon here?
Speaking of Pokemon Go, Niantic has made comments regarding the whole server problem, saying that, you know, they are holding off on releasing it in other regions, because of server issues.
Now, it has launched in the United States, Australia, and New Zealand, but they are holding back on other locations until they figure out what the fuck is going on with their shit.
So, yeah, they've been, the thing's been freezing, the app's been crashing, like, fucking crazy. Like, if it just goes into, like, sleep mode, it's like, oh, yeah, I'm fucked.
So, yeah, I really feel for my friends in the UK that can't get in the game yet, I feel for you guys, but I just need you to understand, we can't have you in the game right now, the servers are bad enough.
And by the time you're in, everything will be better, and all these, you're gonna be like, what was Loki so angry about, because this game is so much better than what he was saying.
Yeah, because it's a little rough right now out there, so, you get your Pokemon soon, don't worry, you guys.
Don't worry, if you want your Pokemon fixed, you wanna get in on all that, Ingress, there's no lag in Ingress, it's free, play it, learn where all your portals are.
Yeah, spend some time in Ingress and you're gonna learn where all the stops are, because that's the one advantage us old school, you know, AR gamers have.
We know where all that shit is.
So, including some of the more obscure stuff, because, like, Shane was like, where are we gonna be able to find a gym that isn't taken anywhere, and I was like, there's a cemetery up in the town of El Dorado, I bet nobody's gone to.
Damn it.
Shit, I just said it on my show, god damn it. No, I'll find another.
Speaking of Ingress, I'm actually coming up on some of my portals that I've had for a while, you know, they're actually starting to tick further than my last one.
Oh, are you waiting for the other team to come on day 89 and have a party and sweep them all? Is that what you're waiting for?
I don't think they will, because it involves walking, and I don't know if they're going to, and even if they get that one, I have six more behind a fence that's not gonna open up until October, so I'm still good.
And you probably shouldn't say that here on this program, but we'll see.
And no one gives a shit.
No one gives a shit.
I don't know, we've met some crazies, Loki, probably haven't met as many as I have.
Alright, moving on, let's, or was that it, or was there, didn't you want to say something about this whole tip?
Yeah, I was gonna say, also, there's another tip, if you don't want to choose one of the three, start your Pokemon in Pokemon Go.
Because basically, it allows you to catch one of the three, and if you don't want to pick one of them, what you can do is say, fuck y'all, I'm walking away.
I'm leaving, yes, so, in the game, it starts off, you can choose between a Charmander, a Bulbasaur, or a Squirrel.
If you walk far enough away, they'll keep kind of following you, it'll keep reappearing.
But eventually, Pikachu will appear, and you can choose Pikachu.
Honestly, I don't know why you would want to, because Pikachu is very common, and the other ones I haven't seen at all, so, you know, I would choose one of the other ones who gives a shit, you'll get Pikachu eventually.
Yeah, I know, I'm like, if you want a Pikachu, just come to Studio N7, because they keep spawning here.
Again, I'm not fucking complaining, we even got, apparently there's a Raichu nearby, too, so, I'm not worried about that.
And that's gonna be mine.
Darusaka's gonna get in her car.
I love Raichu.
All right.
I've already enlisted you for guard duty.
What are some other little tips you guys have learned? I've noticed this is very popular clickbait on Facebook right now, is 12 things about Pokemon Go that you don't know.
What are some tips that you guys have learned about Pokemon Go?
Turn the AR off.
Turn the AR off.
Sometimes the AR is funny.
It'll save your, well, that's fine, but, like, once you do it a couple times, and you're like, okay, cool, just turn it off, it makes it way easier to catch things, it also makes it, like, a lot easier to not have your battery drained to nothing.
Because this game will drain your battery to nothing really quickly.
If you're playing in a car, just know that the GPS is fucking like this shit, because their app is just, I don't know what the fuck is wrong with it.
But it is, oh, speaking, hey, look at that, there's a fucking Pikachu.
Surprise.
Darusaka's getting on her phone.
Don't judge me.
But, yeah, so the, the, do you want to get a picture of Pikachu on the table and send it to the OLR Twitter?
It's gonna be on my, it's gonna be on my computer while I'm looking at Pokemon Go stuff.
I was gonna say, the GPS is lagged, like, I found that, like, I have to, like, I see the landmark, I'm driving past it, have to count, like, a few seconds, and then spin it, and it goes.
So, yeah.
I would say the tip that I have for people is don't forget about the eggs, because the game doesn't say anything about the eggs.
So, the minute you go to a Pokestop and you see that you hack a little Yoshi looking egg.
Someone's put a little lure on you when your Pokestop's there.
If, if it's the certain player name I've seen before, I think that person lives right across the street.
Anyway, isn't that creepy that I know that? Ingress has taught me how to be a creeper. Anyway, um.
I don't know, oh.
Don't, don't say it on air, don't say it on air.
I like the name though.
Wait, now I gotta look. Hold on, show me your phone.
Oh, no, Ashley, that's a new name.
A peek-a-peek-a-peek-a-tew.
A person named Wiener15.
Um.
Peek-a-pee.
Wienerdog.
Uh, what was I gonna say about, oh, the eggs.
The minute you hack an egg, go into your Pokemon screen, swipe to the right, and put that egg in an incubator.
You can buy more incubators on the store if you want, or I think you get an incubator when you hit level 10.
You get one in the beginning.
Yeah, you do, you do have an infinite use one in the beginning.
And then I got another one like at five, or five or six at five.
But my point is, incubate that egg, because when the egg hatches, you'll probably get a new Pokemon.
But even if you get something like a Pidgey or a Rattata or something that's everywhere, you get a ton of candy.
You get way more candy than you get when you catch them.
And that can really help in evolving and upgrading the Pokemon.
And then the other little quick tip I'd throw in there as well, don't forget to collect your defender bonus.
And since right now it's like fucking impossible to hold gyms, I would just say the minute you control a gym, get your defender bonus.
Because you get 500 Stardust and 10, it's not a lot, but it adds up, 10 of the gold coin currency that is like the premium currency that you can spend in the store.
Not $10, 10, which I think 100 costs 99 cents, like 10 cents basically.
But that adds up. If there's like a cluster of three gyms downtown and you can take them every day, then catch that defender bonus and get your...
In the beta you could have up to 10 in the defender bonus that you claim every day.
I kind of don't think you're going to be able to hold 10 gyms, but if you want to prove me wrong and get your free dollar and Poke currency every day, you can do it.
Go for it.
All right. Any tips that you've come across Dark Soccer that you would want to throw out there for people?
Whip it out in the bathroom. You never know what you'll get.
Moving on. Talking about Play Anywhere. You remember when this was announced to E3 this year?
Microsoft talked about Play Anywhere saying that every new title coming out on Xbox One will be shared between Xbox One and Windows 10.
Well, Microsoft kind of changed that a little bit this week. It's not every new title.
You see, it was every title that was at E3 by Microsoft Studios is going to be a part of this.
But at least we have confirmed for this list.
Gears of War 4, Forza Horizon 3, ReCore, Sea of Thieves, Halo Wars 2, Scalebound, Killer Instinct Season 3, State of Decay 2, Ark Survival Evolved, Cuphead, We Happy Few, and Crackdown 3.
Those games are confirmed will be part of Play Anywhere, but not every game is necessarily confirmed.
But those are some big ones. Forza Horizon.
Crackdown 3 and PC.
Yeah, right?
That could be fun.
Sounds like fun.
I'm excited.
All right, let's take a moment to go to our mailbag.
Every week you guys email us.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com if you want to actually send us an email.
Again, that's Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Dark Soccer dives into the mailbag every week head first and pulls out some of our favorite emails to read here on air.
Squish, squish.
Hey OLR Crew, AZHP here.
Just wanted to chime in since you were all confused as to why Apple no longer releases things the day they announce them and why it would also be difficult to release a game console the day of an announcement.
The FCC requires all devices with a wireless antenna be submitted to certification before it can be sold.
These submissions for certification take time and are public record, meaning people can find out about unannounced products by watching the certification list.
Sorry, certification list.
This is the reason why manufacturers announce the devices ahead of their release because it would be spoiled by an FCC listing otherwise.
Hope this clears things up.
Keep up the great work. You're truly AZHP.
You know, I didn't think about the wireless thing. That's a really good FYI.
You know, we see things about, we even have stories on this show about patent leaks and trademark names and rating board leaks.
So all these sorts of certifications tend to leak things.
I just think, I still, you know, the wireless thing makes a lot of sense, don't get me wrong.
But I still think it's just because of the internet, we live in a day and age where something like the Sega Saturn just ain't ever going to happen again.
So, but you're right.
People aren't looking for it.
You're right. I did ask last week about, well, didn't Apple used to do that at one point and now things are delayed a little bit even though they get them out really fast?
But that makes an awful lot of sense what AZHP says in the email.
So, cool.
Last email?
Last email.
It's needlessly pedantic, but I don't care for the use of 8-bit to mean blocky.
There's no way an NES or Master System could have ever produced anything even remotely resembling Minecraft.
And the story cutscenes of Five Nights at Freddy's reminds me of more of Atari 2600 graphics.
A console which I believe, despite never advertised as such, is referred to as a 4-bit system.
Come to think of it, nobody ever refers to blank bit before 8 or after 64, maybe 128.
What exactly does blank bit mean in this context?
How many bits is, say, the PlayStation 4? Thanks.
I don't know a lot. I'm not as technical-minded as, say, Bobby Blackwolf or Loki or somebody.
But my understanding is 8 bits is in the chip.
Every value can be a certain length and it literally means 8 bits.
So it can be like a number between, what, 2 to the power of 8 would be a number between 0 and 256, right?
So the words, so to speak, in the programming code are that long and that's limited in the NES, the 8-bit.
I believe the Atari 2600 is technically also an 8-bit console.
Some people call it 4-bit. It's not. It's 8-bit.
And the thing that might surprise you, PlayStation 4, you ask how many bits is that?
And most people will refer to the generations of video game consoles to say,
So it's, you know, NES was 8-bit, Super Nintendo was 16-bit, then the Nintendo 64 was 64-bit,
and then the PlayStation 2 was 128-bit.
Actually, no. This might surprise you, but my understanding is the PlayStation 4 is also 64-bits.
It has not gone up from 64-bit.
Chips are out there that go higher, but 64-bit is kind of the standard,
and the analogy for this would be your Windows operating system.
You hear a lot about 64-bit mode versus 32-bit mode, right?
So 64 is kind of the, again, maybe somebody tech-minded,
because I'm giving you a really, like, what I've collected from articles I've read over the years,
but 64 is essentially as high as most mainstream things go right now.
In the end, it's also really irrelevant these days anyway.
There's no real call for it, because what people look more for is actual raw processing power
when it comes to a system now, so it's really just fallen into the way of irrelevancy.
Dungeonbuster, of course, our chat room jumping in here, too.
Dungeonbuster in chat says,
Bit in Sky's context refers to the code instruction length.
More bits enables more complex instructions.
That's the TLDR explanation for it.
I like TLDR explanations. I think they're easier to understand.
So, cool.
I apologize. I think there was another question buried in that email
besides just what does bit mean and what is the PlayStation 4?
How many bits are we at now?
Was there another question in there that I missed?
I don't think so.
I don't think so either.
How many came next? We don't really use it.
Yeah, I think you can read stuff about, I think it goes as high as 512 bits,
but I don't think anything practical out there really uses that.
That's expensive, yo.
But I do understand the whole Minecraft would have never been possible on the NES.
I think it's just the graphical style.
I think just the pop culture words that are on people's tongue for a lot of people,
retro and 8-bit are like the same thing for a lot of people,
even though technically that may not necessarily be true.
That's all.
Good email, though. Good discussion.
All right. Well, if that's it for the emails, I'll beg for some more.
Participate at Orangelaunchradio.com is the place to send your emails.
And Stopby and Chat with a good point. Don't test them.
They just got Cave Story to work on the Genesis.
D-Makes can be a lot of fun, though.
Remember Halo 2600, anybody?
D-Makes can be an awful lot of fun.
All right. Let's get to the FUs of the week, because sometimes on this show we have to get ranty.
I've got a list.
FU to racist assholes.
FU to people defending murderers.
FU to all of the weird, I guess, injuries I've amassed over the past week
and having to get them all taken care of over the course of this month and pain in general.
And, yeah, it's just been a shitty week ready for something, you know,
ready for something a little nice to happen instead.
I'm done.
I guess, just after you two not having access to my TV because my damn wife is watching stupid Grey's Anatomy all over again.
It's also fucking distracting, because anything that's on TV, whether it be my stupid kids,
not to say my kids are stupid, but their stupid shows that they watch,
or Grey's Anatomy, or just whatever is on TV.
I'm, I guess, predisposed to watch what's on TV, even if it's fucking uninteresting.
And I hate that, because I want to work on programming games and stuff, and my brain's like,
Shiny! Watch TV! And it's fucking annoying.
I guess I go to the other room.
But then when I go to the other room, I just end up playing fucking Tap My Katamari, so that doesn't work either.
Alright, my FU of the week goes to the restaurant where we had dinner last night,
because I had reservations for 7.30, but thanks to the front door person,
I guess not really being able to effectively communicate with me,
she did not realize that I was telling her our whole party was here, even though she had said to me,
it'll be just a few minutes, there's a couple tables in front of you.
Thirty minutes later, finally, one of the other gals comes out and says,
Oh, you guys weren't checked in. You guys are all here? Yes.
And so, yeah, that was unfortunate that even with the reservation, we still ended up waiting a good 45 minutes,
but the food was still really, really good, and yeah.
The manager hooked us up with some freebies, so that's always nice when they realize they screw up.
Free flan?
No, no free flan at this place. It was free appetizers.
So, I'll take it. I like food. Otherwise, FU to the fact that I drank a lot this weekend.
I went out with Grandpa last night, that's all you need to know.
That boy likes to drink, if you never heard Hoard House back in its heyday.
Alright, just a couple more stories for you guys, then the Skype line,
Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype. Loki.
So this is kind of a neat little incentive, but apparently,
Ubisoft will give you the full version of Trials of the Blood Dragon,
if you're very good at Trials of the Blood Dragon.
And the way you prove this is by playing the demo.
And if you play the demo and complete the demo with less than 15 faults,
you get the game for free.
And of course, it's going to be on the PC version.
They don't have that working yet on any other version of the game,
but PC version, though, if you download it and complete it,
then you get the free version of the game.
It's alright.
I mean, if you're a fan of Trials, you might as well try it.
But I already bought it, so, you know.
So that's it.
Alright. So you already bought it, so no freebie for you, huh?
Well, I bought it on PlayStation 4, like when it first came out,
and then I tried it and it was like, okay, and I kind of got bored of it.
I'll play it again later.
What I need to do is buy Trackmania.
That's what I should really do because that game is pretty fun.
Well, you know what we like to do on this show is judge Konami
about all the freaking pachinko machines that they make
because it seems like that's their only business now
is making pachinko machines of all your favorite 8-bit, ha ha,
video game franchises such as Castlevania and Metal Gear and so on.
Well, there may be another publisher that we're going to have to start teasing pretty soon,
and that is Squeenix.
That's right, Square Enix, apparently getting into the pachinko business.
There's a leaflet going around in Japan that shows that the Star Ocean series
and Lord of Vermillion are going to be the first pachinko machines that are out there.
I don't care, and the reason why is because they're still making games.
Fuck, if you want to make games, you want to make pachinko slot machines,
by all means, go right ahead and do that.
It's when you say, fuck you guys, we're not making games anymore,
we're just going to make pachinko slot machines, and I have a problem.
Now, apparently Square Enix actually did kind of follow up some of this story
going around saying that, well, actually we're not officially entering the pachii slot business.
Let's see, in the document it was stated that Square Enix is entering the business,
but that's not a fact.
Again, we used the Dragon Quest and Final Fantasy logos without permission,
which resulted in a misunderstanding from our company and our services,
so I guess that was the company that sent out the original brochure or whatever,
but it does seem like Lord of Vermillion is going to end up being a machine.
I just feel like Square Enix is probably trying to distance themselves from it a little bit.
Probably what Loki says, they've still got another bread and butter here,
so if they're just licensing this out to somebody else to make a machine, then whatever, right?
It's like how they have Price is Right and Wheel of Fortune slot machines everywhere in Reno and Vegas.
Those shows are still on, right?
All right. Well, believe it or not, that is the last story that we have on our show roll tonight.
I need to get our Skype line open. I don't even have Skype open yet. I need to get on that.
But shortly here you will be able to call us at Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype.
We also do have the old school phone number as well, 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Of course, my Skype is not coming up right away here. I forgot to launch it during the break, and I usually do.
Do we have any last minute stories while I get this up and running?
One thing we haven't talked about, because I don't know how many people are interested or know about it,
but apparently there is a whole Counter-Strike GO gambling scene with skins and everything.
Yeah, I heard a little bit about this.
With that, there's a few websites that kind of facilitate that.
One of those being CSGO Lotto, and apparently it was owned by some YouTubers who didn't make any mention that they owned it,
and were kind of saying, hey, look at this cool site we found, and look at all this money that we're winning off of it.
And so they didn't disclose that, and they were trying to get people to go to it.
They're actually the owners of the actual website, so there's that kind of drama.
And so now, because of that, they've been kind of called out on by H3H3 and a lot of other people.
Losing trust with your viewers is really not something you want to do on YouTube.
Remember what happened with the Fine Brothers a few months ago with that whole mess about the whole Let's...
Not Let's Play, but Kids React or whatever it was. The word React. Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, so that sucks.
Well, our Skype is up and running, and some folks have figured that out because we are getting calls here right now.
Hi, you're on Orange Hospital. Who's this?
It's Trainer Rama. How is everyone tonight?
Great, Rama. How are you doing? How's Pokémon GO going for you?
It's going pretty well. I'm actually considering to buy an external, you know, a protection case for my phone with a built-in battery.
Even though I already walk around with the extra battery pack and a charger.
I'm sorry. I'm just laughing my ass off because, again and again, here I am, that old man sitting back on the chair going,
Yep, I was there for Ingress, and I ended up buying two external batteries.
We got a battery big enough that Allen and I can both plug into it when we go to the Anomalies events.
So when you play the game nonstop for five hours, we have a battery that can charge both of us.
So it's just so funny to hear that now all the Pogo players are like, oh, the struggle, the struggle for battery life.
Yes, I know that struggle, kid.
See, here's the funny part. On the anime cosplay convention aspect, we've already been walking around with these big old battery packs
because we want to take pictures and post them all over social media, and now that everybody's jumping on getting these,
we're like, oh, I remember getting this, having this already at this price. I've already had this. Welcome to the club, kid.
I see. It is a different way, but yeah, I got it.
Have you picked your team yet?
Absolutely. We are all team Mystic here in the studio.
I'm going to see about getting y'all some patches.
Oh, that's awesome. Dark Soccer apparently knows somebody that does decals.
He ordered them.
That's awesome.
He didn't make them. He ordered them.
I'm sure they'll sell the official stuff soon. Niantic does that for Ingress.
Niantic fucked up not having that stuff already out there day one.
The hoodies and everything.
Look, I'm having a great time with this. Friday night, I walked out of my house.
I'm like, okay, I'm going to do a quick 30-minute walk around the house, around the neighborhood, and come home.
That turned into a one-hour trek, and I was running into caravans of people going out collecting Pokémon.
I'm running into little groups of 2, 3, and 4 walking around doing this. Mind you, it's 11 o'clock at night.
I was amazed by it.
One of my Ingress people, or my Ingress hangouts, I should say.
One of my Ingress hangouts just during the taping of the show about 30 minutes ago has posted some pictures.
One of the gals is playing Ingress downtown in one of the parks and sent some pictures from the park.
It's swarming with people on a Sunday night.
I'm looking in this picture. There's easily 30 people in this photograph all staring at their phones.
Then she sent a picture of what Pokémon GO looks like in-game.
There's 5 lures going off all at the park at once, and there's just people everywhere.
Again, when I talk about the whole Pokémon GO as a social phenomenon, this is it.
Even if you yourself aren't playing, just go to the park on a weeknight, or better yet, on a Saturday as the sun is setting.
Look at this, what's going on right now.
This is why I'm saying this is a social phenomenon.
This is new. This is uncharted territory for gaming in a way.
Yes, I even say that as a long time ago.
Getting so many people out of their houses.
As a long time ago.
Can you come in and steal their shit?
Don't be stupid when it comes to leaving your house.
I got recruited to be part of a team, Mystic Facebook group.
They're pointing out, you know, I'm having a meetup here, let's go do a walk.
I'm seeing a post of, this team is taking over, I need backup.
It's just been amazing.
I'm seeing the memes, and I'm already seeing a couple of people talking like,
well if you're this team, we can't be friends anymore, this and that.
I'm just like, I'm waiting for someone to come to me and give me shit for being Team Mystic.
It doesn't matter, there's no game yet.
Yeah, the teams kind of don't matter.
It's not even like it is in Ingress.
Like in Ingress, it's like, seriously Shane, if you roll blue in Ingress, I can't help you.
I cannot help you in this game.
There is nothing I can do for you.
You can't play this game when you're over at my house if you choose the team.
But in Pokemon Go, it's like whatever, do whatever the fuck you want.
It's not serious.
People are taking it to that level though.
That's sad.
What's that?
People are taking it to that level and it's kind of sad.
Yeah, and I don't think Pokemon Go is ever going to be constructed to be.
I think they kind of learned some things from Ingress and some of the darker things that have happened in that game.
And I think they don't want, especially a game that quote unquote is targeted for kids even though we all know it's their parents that are really playing.
I don't think they want something to kind of go to that level.
But a couple quick things I wanted to mention because you mentioned that story is that I have a buddy that runs a Facebook group about, you know, Pokemon Go started one for our area.
And there is an event for a Pokey pub crawl Friday or Saturday, I don't know, at some point during the weekend next weekend.
There are currently 850 people who have said yes I'm going on that invite to a pub crawl.
I just want you to know every year at PAX East they have a Pokey crawl like that Thursday night.
Oh, it's going to get interesting next year when it rolls around.
Yeah, seriously.
And then the other funny story I have is that you know Shane Allen and I were all walking around downtown yesterday, and we came across a gym.
And Shane goes, we should we should take this gym because it just turned yellow and it just has some really low level Pokemon on it let's get it.
And these two people that are sitting on the curb the girl there I shouldn't say girl she was more of like probably a young 20 she looks that up up at us and says, Hey, we just took that and spent time buffing that.
And it was kind of an awkward moment, but it wasn't like serious like she was kind of like laughing. Yeah, she's kind of laughing as she said amateur move you know the if you played ingress that's right if you play ingress you know to shut the fuck up until it's time to strike.
Fucking amateurs.
God damn it Shane didn't you learn anything from ingress.
All joking aside it was just one of those fun funny interactions, and you know what we ended we just said you know what, let's just keep on moving we're not going to waste the time to attack this gym and we didn't we just kept on moving.
So, which would have never happened in ingress and ingress I would have blew it up anyway.
I was at a party last night, and like, maybe an hour into I look around, half the people are on their phones playing Pokemon go. Oh yeah, it's crazy.
Yeah, I mean the people who are not playing Pokemon go I've really got to be irritated by how popular.
That's life you know hey, it happens. Let people have their fun as long as they're not hurting anybody over right.
Damn right. Anything else you want to share with us tonight Rama.
Quick thing I caught the whole thing about the whole Blizzard lawsuit thing, something similar is happening in the anime fandom, real story short, guy runs a convention sued a local blogger for bad press pretty much he hated the review of his conventionally suing him over that, and the lawsuit got thrown out because of jurisdiction.
They actually set up shop in the guy's town, just to counter, just to refile. So knowing Blizzard if they're going to do this, go this way, they're going to probably set up like a set up shop in Germany, just so they can push ahead with this lawsuit.
Wow.
Well, you know, Blizzard's not a small company they have the resources to do something like that so we'll see.
All right. All right, my friend I'm gonna let you go so we get some more calls, I'm sure they can hear more about this story you just referenced on anime jam session.
Yes, they will.
All right, awesome. I'm gonna let you go buddy take care.
All right, you too.
Yep. Bye.
Orange Lounge Radio all one word on Skype but the phones ringing ringing ringing so let's get to another call. Hi on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
Hey, it's Toppy. How you guys doing?
Hey, great, Toppy. Good to hear from you. What's up, buddy?
Hey, I just wanted to compliment Loki because he brought up that story about CSGO betting because that is huge and there is just so much bad shit that's coming out from that. I mean, I can't believe that those guys even did that on their channel.
What's your perspective on all this and your take? Because I have to admit because I don't follow a lot of YouTube gaming channels and maybe that's just the old man in me which we've heard a lot from tonight and I don't know how I feel about that but the reality is because my heart's always been with podcasting, I've never kind of gone full in on following a lot of these YouTubers.
So I kind of look at it from the outside and I kind of go, well, that does seem really shady but I didn't really see it all go down. So what's happening from your perspective?
From my perspective, I think that it's really a couple of guys who have gone totally out of touch with reality which seems to happen a lot with these big YouTubers and he really just wanted to take advantage of his community.
I mean, lead them to this horrible gambling site that he owns that we don't know the full story of it but some people are saying that these bets were rigged in the favor that a lot of people would lose and then these guys could just win anytime that they want.
We don't know if that's true yet but it seems to be the case that it's leading in that direction but so far no concrete evidence. But even then, I mean, they know who their audience is.
You could watch those videos where, you know, the infamous video where he's talking about, hey guys, I just found this new site where you could bet on these cool skins and all this other stuff and you could tell he is not talking to adults there.
He knows that his channel is marketed towards kids and he's telling kids to go to a gambling site because it's so cool and you can make so many thousands of dollars. It's just really, really scummy stuff.
How is that legal though? Is the site hosted not in the U.S. or something?
Well, no, because it's with skins and the skins don't have monetary value but on Valve, on Steam, you can sell them for people to sign them on.
Loki has it right. But yeah, apparently the skins, you can kind of think of them as poker chips kind of. So they're not dealing directly with money but they are worth money.
At least as I understand it, I didn't even know that this was a thing before it popped up in the news but you can take those skins and apparently go to another site where you can exchange it for, I think it translates almost directly into Steam credit.
So if you have a $400 skin, you could trade it for $400 in games and then sell off the game keys and then you take a little bit of a hit on that but you could walk away with $300 right there.
There's different ways that you can actually sell this or just find somebody who will pay you $400 for a skin.
Wow. Okay, so now I understand a little more of the science behind it but you said something that I think is a very, very valid point and that some of these YouTubers kind of get lost in their own fame, basically.
And I say this a lot about people who do Twitch for a living and who do YouTube for a living and congrats. Sometimes you get very lucky in getting those breaks and so forth.
But I always kind of say, you know, the internet gave it to you, the internet can take it away. So, you know, trust is so important with a lot of these and I think these guys are kind of hosed with this whole thing coming out and probably rightfully so it sounds like.
And I don't know all the facts, but it definitely sounds like these guys are pretty hosed and you got to wonder like, you know, when you're making your living off of Twitch or YouTube, are you thinking about things like retirement?
And the serious fact that these things don't last forever. Now, most of the people that I think are getting into Twitch and YouTube, they're probably in their low 20s anyway where, shit, the job I had in my low 20s in the beginning, I didn't really save or plan well either.
So it's not like all hope is lost forever. But as the years go on, you know, you got to kind of wonder, are people that are getting into this, are they planning for the future and what they're going to do when it's all over?
You know, Dark Soccer and I love to, on this show, get on tangents about drag queens. But I bring that up for an appropriate reason because, you know, drag is very popular right now thanks to RuPaul's Drag Race and these queens that go on the show.
They make a lot of money doing shows and all that stuff. But Michelle Visage, one of the judges on the show, you know, I saw, I listened to a podcast that she was on and she was kind of talking about that she tells them all the time, this will all go away someday.
Your fame will not last forever in this. You need to think about every dollar you make. You need to save 75 cents or 50 cents. You need to put money away so that you can ride this out when it's gone.
Yeah.
So it's-
That drag body doesn't last forever. You don't want to be the Joe Pesci of drag queens, you know?
But you could be DMed them.
Now wait a minute.
Work it while you have it, baby. Work it.
I feel like that would be my calling card is that I would be the Joe Pesci of drag queens. I'm going to remember that one.
You'd be an angry man?
That'll be my name.
We always joke, like myself and my coworker, about opening a restaurant chain called Pesci's where we just act like complete assholes to people.
I thought that really was a chain of restaurants somewhere like in Southern California or something where like the whole deal was to get smack talked by the staff or anything. Anyway, we digress way away from the original topic, but that's what happens here at Orange Lounge Radio.
Rama does bring us another really good point, kind of bringing it back though. All this talk is quite the reality in the cosplay community.
And that's another community where, you know, you got folks who, you know, get a lot of business from the photo shoots and the celebrity they basically, excuse me, build up online.
That goes with any modeling job.
Of course. You know, one day you're not going to have a six pack anymore. You're going to have a bowling ball. It happens to everybody, you know?
And that day could come a lot sooner than you think.
That's right.
And the part that really gets to me is, the part that I haven't seen anybody else bring up, is that there's no penalty for these guys on YouTube. Their channels are not at stake or anything.
And that's what really gets to me because pretty much they committed their crimes on their channel, but they have no fear that their channel is going to be locked up or anything. That's a total point that nobody has brought up yet.
And I actually create content on YouTube and whenever you get a content ID strike, whenever you get like that copyright notice or whatever, which I've had some and they've been wrongful and I've fought them and I won.
But every time you get one of those, YouTube sends you the ugliest fucking letter in the world, you know, saying, you know, this is strike one, three strikes, we're going to delete all your stuff.
They send you a terrible letter and this guy, it doesn't seem like he has any of those problems to worry about. They're just sending him a check.
So that's the part that really gets me. At least on YouTube, his channel is not at risk right now and I don't think that's something that anybody else has brought up.
YouTube is so out of control in so many ways, especially when it comes to copyright and all this stuff. I feel like I've been waiting for three years at least for the bubble to burst on YouTube with all this stuff.
And it's just like, you know, it's just, there's not enough. I mean, I keep saying YouTube needs to moderate more. They need to moderate more. I just, I don't think they can.
There's so much content on YouTube. It's impossible to moderate, but they kind of have to, especially some of these big money making channels.
I think any channel that makes above X amount of dollars, a real person's got to look out once in a while to make sure they're not breaking the rules and not rely on some fucking automated system to do it.
I would hope so. I would hope that they could just put one, one rule, one simple rule out there. If you are using your channel to commit a crime, then that's it. Your channel is gone. Zero tolerance. I would hope.
I don't know. This guy pulls in a lot of water, I guess.
And then YouTube gets to pocket a good portion of that money. So maybe they bend the rules. Who knows? I've been waiting for that YouTube competitor to step up. I haven't seen it yet, but who knows?
I mean, there's, there's been talk that Amazon's been trying something, which you kind of get the sense of with Twitch and we'll see. We'll see.
We're gonna have to do it, Rob. RobTube. Let's get it started.
RobTube. That sounds too similar to RedTube, but it might be okay with that.
Oh, shoot. We might be misdirecting our fans.
Then again, though, you'd probably be inviting the people like that to join your service because, you know, in the name, I mean.
That's right. We're going to rob you blind. Yeah. I don't have, I don't have the best name for that. I don't know.
TubeGo. Go is really big right now. So maybe, you know, TubeGo. Who knows?
PornGo. Porn.
I think we need to end this phone call and it's totally not your fault, Stoppy. I apologize.
No problem at all.
All right. Thanks for the call. I appreciate it, buddy.
Take it easy, guys.
All right. You too. Bye bye.
I mean, that would be awesome. You can catch wild porn and just by walking around to your park.
All right. Any other last minute stories tonight, Logie?
No, but I do need to, I bet, you know, I keep forgetting or remembering like late Saturday each week that they're doing that PlayStation VR demo thing at Best Buy.
I need to go over there and actually do that.
All right.
No, this is not a story, but Kotaku, the evil K, has a headline for...
Which, to be fair, has gotten a little better over the years once I first read the riot act at them on this program.
But they still have some real clickbait headlines.
Like Pokemon Go could be a death sentence for a black man.
Oh, yeah. I've heard about that story. That taps into a lot of...
That wasn't a Kotaku story, though, was it? I don't think it was.
It was something that was out there on Twitter, which ties into a lot of other issues that are going on in the world right now that I think some of us play video games to escape a lot of that fuckery.
But, I mean, I would think that's not necessarily the case, considering that, you know, it seems like a ton of people are playing, so you're gonna be in a big group of people.
I'll close on this note without going too much into the controversy that's out there in the world.
It's just the whole fact that there's some really heartwarming stories about how Pokemon Go has brought people together, and it's what the world needs right now.
It's what we need right now, is to just fucking get along in our common goal of catching little creatures to do our bidding for us in fighting to the death in the honor of our arbitrarily chosen team. Isn't that right?
Yeah.
Alright. Anyhow. Any other thoughts here at the end of the show? Any other last minute stories or anything like that? DarkSock, are you doing okay? She's ready to go catch that Raichu if it's still out there.
I think it's wandered off by now.
Ah, I ran away.
I didn't see it when I checked last time.
Someone else caught it.
It seems like though it hangs out for a bit, because there was a Golem at the park yesterday, which is Geodude's fully evolved form, right?
And all three of us were able to catch it. Myself, Alan, and Shane. I think it stays around for a little bit so everybody has a chance and then disappears.
So, I think they're just on a timer. I don't know.
Kaijuto in chat says, can't we all just get along and catch Pokemon? I think I agree. Let's just go catch some Pokemon.
Dungeon Buster says, I was thankful there was some summer games done quick to watch this past week. Me too, my friend. Me too.
That's going to bring us to a close of another episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
And I want to thank you guys for listening to our show tonight and participating with the show.
If you like what you heard here at Orange Lounge Radio, please consider leaving us a five star review on a place like iTunes or Google Podcast or wherever it is that you found this show.
And tell a friend. It is the show where every gamer has a voice, but only if we're able to actually have those voices heard.
Let's go right into everybody's final thought. Dark Soccer, your final thought tonight?
I want Cheesecake or Pinkberry. Or both. And a Raichu.
Cheesecake flavored Pinkberry.
And a Raichu.
And cooked Raichu.
My final thought for tonight is, all the angry old man on the lawn chair stuff aside, I think it is so awesome that people are out there moving and that the community is growing and that we're meeting people.
And I think, you know, again, as kind of referenced in that last little bit there, I think that's what the world needs right now is just, you know, Pokemon and just be safe out there when you're playing the game.
Don't make bad decisions in the pursuit to catch those Pokemon. Like, don't listen to Loki. Never play the game while you're driving. That's a bad idea.
And just be safe when you're crossing the street, all that stuff. Because we don't want anybody to end up on the news and ruin Pokemon Go for all of us.
Last but not least, Loki, your final thought tonight?
I really need to stop playing this stupid game.
Tap my Katamari?
If it's not one thing, it's another. So, we'll see what game takes over next week.
I do know which game will take over next week because I purchased, since I don't own an Xbox One, and I already have Red Dead Redemption, so that's no big deal.
The other game that came out this week on PlayStation 4 was the PS2 version of The Warriors.
Oh, I didn't realize that.
So, that is a fucking awesome game if you haven't played it yet. So, I purchased that.
Alright. We'll look forward to hearing more about that next week.
So, have fun this week. Be safe out there catching your Pokemon and playing all the video games out there.
For those of you in Japan, enjoy Yo-kai Watch 3 this week.
And all the other games that are playing. Those of you continuing to play Overwatch here in the States, have fun. Don't be a jerk online.
We'll see you in 7 days with Episode 650 here at Orange Lounge Radio. Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week!
Thanks for watching!
