This week, US Dave and Busters in Round 1 locations will be receiving DDR Ace! Fingers
crossed that there's one coming near you! And that's just the tip of the iceberg for
this week's gaming news. This and more starts right now on the show, where every gamer has
a voice.
This July the 3rd of 2016. My name is Rob Roberts. You might know me on Twitter at Skie.
And joining you live here at the Voice of Geeks Network, where we do tape live every
Sunday night. 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf
show VOG Network dot com. That's V-O-G Network dot com. We are here based out of Sacramento,
California in Studio N7, talking about the latest and greatest in video games, gaming
culture, the gamer lifestyle. Again, I'm Rob Roberts. Not joining us tonight, unfortunately.
DarkSakura not in studio tonight. She is off. Lots of people doing stuff for the holiday,
obviously with American Independence Day tomorrow. So she had a conflict this week and couldn't
be here. But joining us tonight is Techmaster Loki. Hello, Loki. How are you doing?
Fine.
Okay, Loki is completely distracted. He's just his head is down looking at his phone
while he's going tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap. What the hell's going
on over there, Loki?
I'm playing the new tap my Katamari game.
So what is tap my Katamari?
It's the unholy alliance of a Katamari game mixed with a cookie clicker type game.
Yeah, that sounds that sounds bad. I think the only thing that could be worse would be
like a Final Fantasy cookie clicker game. That would be like right up my alley. But
Katamari is pretty, pretty close. It's Yeah, yeah. What do you do you think you're gonna
be able to put that down long enough to read some stories?
Oh, yeah, I don't even need the clicker game. It plays by itself.
So yeah, I just I'm just gonna sit here and kind of kind of make my fingers kind of run
on the screen while I'm reading a story. Oh my god, Loki. All right. Yeah, SSU 100
Matt is in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com saying, Oh, dear, that is a bad combo. And
fifth dream says I use eight fingers to play the Katamari game. Yes, you can join our live
chat room. Again, we are live on Sunday nights at six Pacific nine Eastern at vog network
and you can join chat live.vognetwork.com. If you want to chat along with the show, stop
me in chat saying tap my Katamari is something you don't say in an international airport
TSA check. Yes, probably probably not something you're gonna want to explain in a sealed off
room. We do have some guests in studio filling in tonight. Since we are down a dark soccer,
we brought some of our longtime friends of the show in to help fill the space tonight.
So say hello over there is Shane from Ranger pride joining us the studio again, two weeks
in a row. Yeah, I don't know why. Yeah. Except he's not really on the show because he keeps
looking over again. We have lots of distractions going on. So no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no. You're about to say something that's not true. Big surprise. Okay. It is
true. He's watching the summer games done quick, which I know. No, no, no. That's not
what's on my screen. And you're, you're, you're doing that with your eyes and your hand is
moving around and yes, capturing show. Tell me that's a lie. Well, no, cause I haven't
got a shiny for a little bit here. So yes, my hands are playing Pokemon right now trying to
catch a shiny, but no, I am reading dialogue from the classic game of the week for this week. And I
am laughing because of some of these things I forgot and am now remembering. Oh, okay. All
right. But, and so good. As soon as you're done with that, you'll go right back to watching the
summer games done quick. Well, technically there's a little window over here that see,
oh, you're, oh, you got one of those picture in picture, one of those fancy iPads that does the
multiple apps. He's got the fancy one that can do that. So I get, I can't be mad though. The summer
game's done quick and you know, awesome games. They do those things twice a year and it's for
charity and it's everybody loves it. It's just Metroid Prime right now. So I really don't care
that much, but it's also summer games done quick. So I have to watch it anyway. You still have to
watch it a little bit. Of course, of course. And yeah, vidpower in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com
says the gaming multitasking of everyone on the show tonight is strong. Yes, it really is. All
though we do have another guest here joining in studio and I got to give him props because I don't
see him. He is, he is ready to go and he has a phone in his hand. You know what's on that phone
is tonight's show roll. Well, he's ready to go. If I double click my home button, I can get right
back to the show. Whatever, whatever. Say hello everybody to Flaco Jones. Hello everybody. Hey,
how you doing? I'm doing great. How are you doing? Good. Good to have you back. Thanks. I like,
it's been a while, but it's like there's always so much TV on Sunday night. Like I can't be on
OR till all my shows are over. They're all over. They're all over. No Walking Dead. No Fear the
Walking Dead. No Game of Thrones. Sunday's boring. I'm glad we're the fourth or fifth priority. Yeah,
Big Brother. See, look, I picked you over Big Brother. Oh, that's so sweet. That's not like
three times a week. I can go without. You can read the live feeds. I can watch After Dark every night
too. And you need to get Davon's Diary Rooms on the CBS website. It's all you need. That's the
only reason to watch the actual show is to see your diary. Which by the way, I will say this,
if you are a fan of that show, um, I don't know if you guys on the show is bad. We've been on a
really schedule on guys on the show, but like expert was sick, like really super sick. So we
had to take a couple of weeks off, but we came back this week and we did a Big Brother themed
episode with our pal. I haven't listened to our pal Ronnie, who was a contestant years ago. So
it was a really fun show. So if you like that show, it was good. Check that out. Oh, that's cool.
Logie doesn't even watch that garbage. I have no idea. I know of Big Brother. I've not watched.
He was a great guest when he was on Hoard House. So yeah. And I tried not to repeat,
I tried to repeat a lot of the same stuff, some of the, but like most of it was kind of new
information. I, the big, I will say this, the biggest shot, I shouldn't ruin this. You should
go listen to it. But I will say the biggest shocking thing that came out of that for me is
that there, the little intros, when they get their keys, totally staged stuff, right? Of course. No,
it's not. What? I don't believe you. I don't believe Ronnie either. That's such a lie. Did
he watch this season? Maybe when he did it. Maybe back when he did it like 20 years ago
when he was on Big Brother. It's like, how, how did you get like a bag of bread that has a key
in it? What do you have a whole camera crew watching them for? The trick is they put keys
in all of them. They're like going, go listen to the guys on the show this week and form your own
opinion. Listen to your own lies. But I got to bring it back to video games. I got to bring it
back to video games. I love that you dressed up for the radio show wearing your Splatoon shirt.
It's Splatoon mashed up with Powerpuff. Oh my God. It is Powerpuff Splatoon. This has to have
come from the internet. Where else do you find this? This is like T Fury, I think. Or yeah,
I think it's T Fury. I don't know. I like that. But yeah, it's from the internet. Of course. Of
course it is. I'm pretty sure because we got Shane like an early birthday present, a Silent Hill shirt
from there too. It's like a Silent Hill, was it Fighting Game? I don't even remember. I want to
say that. Mario Kart. Oh, Mario. It's like Silent Hill Kart. That's right. That's hilarious. One of
those other sites. What is it? Redbubble? Is that the name of it? Yeah, they're a good one. I got
that. It's the Kermit the Frog mashed with Bayonetta. And so I wear that to all. Yeah,
it's Kermit. It's Kermitetta. It's Kermit the Frog mashed with Bayonetta. I can't even imagine
what that looks like. It's fucking amazing. I'm imagining it and you don't want to.
Like I'll go get the shirt in a minute here, but I wear it to all the Ingress events since I play
on Green Team. So we're frogs. So I wear my Kermitetta shirt. And like most people just
kind of like don't even like get it. They're just like, what a weird thing on his shirt. But like
once in a while, somebody will look at it and go, is that Kermit and Bayonetta? And I'm like,
you're cool. Yes, it is. I just got back from a trip to Seattle, you know. Oh, you saw Splatoon
on this shirt. That's the first thing you saw. Well, I was going through TSA and the guy saw
Powerpuff Girls. And he was, you know, very, I don't know what to say, but he was like,
he was like, whoa, I think you're the first man I've ever seen walking through here wearing a
Powerpuff Girls shirt on. It's like, oh, okay. You should have been like, I wore it for my
little girl. It was her one wish today, asshole. I know he just had to be like, he's like, oh,
I wore pink before. I wear pink camo, breast cancer awareness month when I'm in the army.
Of course. Oh my God. Like I want to go to that airport right now because I am wearing my pink
Kim Chi from RuPaul's Drag Race shirt. And it's like, like this is a screaming homosexual t-shirt.
I'm just wearing a purple shirt, man. And it's got Powerpuff Girls on it.
I don't get why the TSA people try to talk to you anyway, cause you don't want to be there.
Cause to be honest though, that shirt looks like it could be a brat shirt. So it's really hard to
say it does look like a brat shirt. I'm just saying, you know, it could be some confusion
there. Yeah. We got to kick out of it though. It's like, really? That guy was that when I went
through the airport recently, I was wearing my Popplio shirt and the chick at the end was like,
Oh, I love Pokemon. I love Bulbasaur. I'm like, thank you. Let me get my shoes and leave.
I did not care to talk to her about that. Like don't come at me with Bulbasaur when I'm wearing
Popplio. I don't care about your Bulbasaur. I can't believe that somebody like tried to
talk to Shane about Pokemon and he just like shot it down when like, I don't like it anymore.
No, it is not Bulbasaur. If she didn't call it Bulbasaur. If she did, I would have smacked her.
Yeah. Okay. But here's, here's the thing. If, if I were to call Shane and be like,
Shane, I'm really upset right now. Cause I had to take Alan to the hospital today. He would be like,
well, did you play Pokemon in the waiting room? That's pretty right. Actually, I would say
something like that. And he'd be like, cause I caught three shinies today. Have you even gotten
a badge yet? And I'd be like, I'm in a moment of personal crisis, but I'm in a moment of personal
crisis because you're not playing Pokemon. Yeah. That's how it is. Exactly. It had to
arrange who's going to go out there and hack my portal for the day.
Kind of get that done until September, until yeah, September. And then, then I'm free.
Then you're free. No way you think you're free, by the way, Loki's referencing Ingress in which
there is an achievement or a badge for how many you have to hack once a day for 360 days to get
a particular badge. But my counter, like, even though I have that badge is almost up to 500.
I keep saying I'm going to get to 500 and then uninstall just in time for Pokemon go.
Yeah, they might, it might time out that way. We'll see. Oh, sure. That'll stop you from playing
both or not. We'll see. We'll see. I already have my strategy for how to play Pokemon go when it
launches. You don't really need to go anywhere. Cause the book might come to you. Well,
keep in mind in the beta, they were feeding people coins. So, and that's the pay currency.
So I figure you're probably going to have to drop 10 or 20 bucks, like just to load up on some of
the items. Like again, if, if you want to, if you want to really be the very best that no one ever
was, of course, they're going to make you pay money. You can buy her fee the very best. Yeah.
But you're not going to be able to buy Pokemon balls on a whim. You're going to have to hack
them. So you're gonna have to find where all the pokey stops are. So I'm going to have to go to
one of the parks where there's a ton of today, Ingress nodes, where there'll be Pokemon go stops
and like, just basically walk around for an hour and just hack, hack, hack.
I just wish they would just stop, you know, working on another game and just maybe,
I don't know, update the portals that they have out right now, because I swear to God, like,
a vast majority of them are just like non-existent anymore. It's like, yeah,
this is for this church, which has been torn down or, Hey, this is for this mural. That's
now painted over. I don't know. In, in general, I have issues with some of the ways Ingress has
been moderated. Like there's, there's a lot of like rampant cheating going on,
which is kind of shitty and kind of ruins it for everybody. And it's like, it's like people
like right now, I don't know how much I should say on there, but there's,
there's a lot of issues. Like multiple accounts will say that like, there's like well-known
people that are carrying more than one account. And it's like, like one or two people with eight
accounts in their back pocket. So they can build whatever portals they want. It's like,
kind of ruins it for everybody else, you know, silly. Anyway. I was going to ask you quickly
about your shirt, Shane, cause you have an escape room shirt on. Oh yeah. Cause I love talking about
the escape room stuff. I know. So I'm trying to think of something we haven't talked about.
You should get a shirt that says, ask me about escape room. Well, why haven't we done one in
SAC yet? I don't understand. Shane's been home for like two weeks and we still have not done,
and this is very unlike Shane. And I think it's only because he's distracted with the
Pokemon shiny collecting thing. I really am distracted by Pokemon. He'll be the only guy
in the escape room with his DS playing Pokemon at the same time. They probably wouldn't let me
play it. Yeah, exactly. No, I don't know why we haven't. I suggested doing it on a whim one time
and then we didn't. And so like whatever, because you suggested doing it on a whim when I couldn't
do it. And I also think it was father's day that day. It was father's day, but escape room is
better than father's. Well, you haven't done an escape room. I have done fatherhood.
You know what we should do Flaco, but we should go to an escape room without Shane
and it would be like the nastiest prank. Yeah, but you know what? You wouldn't win cause I wasn't
there. Yeah. I don't think I'd be good at those. I really don't. I don't, I don't, I don't know.
Do you download any of those phone apps? I never know. Are the escape room? Cause you know,
they, they try to kind of put that in the gaming space for people that enjoy that.
I don't think it would be as fun to be quite honest. I think it's one of those things that
I'll try it. You were talking a lot about like the, the decor of the place does a lot. Like if
you have like bookshelves that actually flip around slides that you slide down, like crazy,
double dare shit in the escape room, big hamster wheel that we had to run around,
slid down like a mouth with teeth. Yeah. Double dare escape room. I could just,
I could just see Shane dragging us all to the super slimy double dare escape room or something.
It was like, yeah, I just, I'm always gaming. I could see you would be able to do a lot,
like possibly in a sense, cooler things because it's not physical and real. But I think there's
something to be said that when we unlocked that bookcase to slide over, that was an amazing moment
in, in playing that escape room. So I just don't think that would translate well to a game.
But I'm not opposed to trying a game when I just, I haven't sought that out because
I'd rather do the real experience. What about a VR escape room?
That could be cool. I would, I would try that. I would probably run into things on accident
and hurt myself, but. Isn't that just going to be like
Resident Evil 7 on VR or some of those types of games? Because aren't those kind of like escape?
The room in what Silent Hill, Silent Hill is gone. It's silent Hills is done. You can't,
like stop wanking on the show because it's not going to happen. Hold on. Now we were just going
to get a persona. We were just talking about a mate and you made for TV silent Hill movie. So
yeah, we were, it's not gone. Yeah. They're still trying to beat. They're trying to reanimate the
core. But again, I want you to, I want you to examine what you just said. It's a silent Hill
made for TV movie. Okay. Made for it's probably not made for TV is made for streaming networks
movie. Like the last made for, you know, who else does, you know, who else does streaming
movies for Netflix is Adam Sandler. Oh, he does. He has quite a lucrative career doing that with
none of which I've watched. I'm like, damn, he's making a lot of movies. Cause you apparently the
whole thing is that you can, you can kind of watch those. You can hate, if you can, you can
have a hate boner and watch those movies without anyone knowing. And you know, that's, that's
basically the thing is that you can watch those movies and nobody will ever know you watch them,
except for the people you share your Netflix account with. They should publish at like
Netflix, the list of people who watch Adam Sandler movies. And Netflix shame. What the hell are you
watching? What was it? The, what was it? The, I kind of can't remember all his stupid movies.
He has, he shouldn't do over. I know that Jack and Jill was the one that I'm talking about.
Like the made for, we all know that the racist Indian one, the race people thought it was like
ridiculous six or something like that. I think that's what it was. Act Def points out Netflix
has a Facebook sharing feature. Remember when no one's going to use, remember when Netflix was
still new and on the three 60, you could do like Netflix party and everybody could actually watch
the same thing together, like through the three 60 and you could kind of like chat about it.
And then Netflix got rid of that for some reason. I mean, and it's not like it's stopping people
from just getting on Skype and doing that. Right. It's cool. We'll just create a new app
that people can come together and just chill while they watch some movies. We'll call it Netflix,
Netflix and chill the app. Love it. All right. We need to get back into some video game talk.
So let's start off tonight's show talking about our gaming weeks and the types of video games
that we've been playing this week. Loki, we'll start with you tonight. So, uh, let's see this
week. I kind of can't remember which week was what. Um, I did finish playing South Park. I
finished that game and that's is hilarious. Absolutely awesome game. Worth a replay even.
Um, just, it's like watching an episode of the show. It's just that well done. And so definitely
recommended if you haven't tried it out yet, still get it on the steam sale, which is, you know,
I think it's still eight bucks. So definitely check that out. Um, what else? I also played,
um, this stupid Katamari game that I am still tapping on. Um, Ingress, I played a little bit,
uh, Pokemon Go just because there's a couple of days left. So I, you know, tried it a little bit.
They had, I don't know if it was intentional or if they just fucked up the coding because
a lot of that shit was pretty fucked up anyways in the app. But for some reason,
one of the last days of Pokemon Go, they had like, I don't know if it was like no spawn delay or if
they were just spawning the whole day's worth of Pokemon at once. So you'd load into the game and
all of a sudden it's like, Hey, there's 30 Pokemon standing right at my feet. So that was kind of
interesting briefly. So we did that and, um, yeah, that's pretty much it. Oh, and I raised a Ferrari
and a Lamborghini. So that's non gaming, but it was fun. How briefly tell us about that. Cause you
were hyping that on the show last week. Awesome. So it's basically this, um, I don't know. It's
a company. They have like a, like six exotic cars and they do these different, like you can either
rent them and go like on a trip, like you go down, you know, Napa and you're driving the highways
and stuff that, or they have what they call like the autocross challenge thing. So basically it's,
they set up this course in a parking lot at the San Joaquin fairgrounds. So it's a parking lot
and then you drive through the course in one of those cars. So you don't get really fast because
think of it like, um, you go to one of those indoor go-kart tracks. It's like that, you know,
it's a lot of turns and stuff, but you're in a Ferrari instead of, you know, a go-kart. So
it's, you're basically in second gear the entire time, but you still feel the power from those
cars. It's just ridiculous. So I got to do that and it was a lot of fun. I started off with the
Lamborghini and, um, I mean, that was just incredibly fast. And then of course I couldn't
get enough of that. So I also, um, decided to do the Ferrari that they had there as well.
And I actually liked the Ferrari a little bit more because it felt like it kind of kind of
kind of drifted a little bit more. Um, I mean, they were pretty much so low the ground and,
you know, they have the traction control and everything or all wheel drive on the Lamborghini.
So you're not really skidding too much, but you can hear it. I did make a really cheesy music
video thing, you know, kind of showing the footage. Cause I was actually doing Periscope,
um, at least for some of those. In fact, the, when I did the Ferrari, I had the guy who was
the instructor kind of guy holding my phone and Periscoping the whole thing. So that was kind of
cool cause I don't normally do that. And so I kind of cut some stuff from that, but you can hear it.
Like you can hear the tires squealing as you're like turning and stuff, but it was fun. I mean,
I'd totally do it again. It's just incredibly expensive. You know, what's open now that we
need to do is the indoor skydiving place. That would be fun. I would be down with that, but yeah,
that is like, it's something like you're all, you know, racing the car. This would be kind of fun,
but man, you get in that thing. It's just like, you're not ever going to be able to do this
normally. I mean, it's just, these are expensive cars that you'll never be able to buy. Yeah. And
just getting to actually drive them. I mean, that's, it was just awesome. It was really fun.
Uh, SSG100Matt says, uh, in chat over at live.vognetware.com, I kind of want to do this
myself with my dad also. I'll have to look into this. It sounds like great father-son bonding
things. I mean, I don't know how they're in LA and I think I know in Stockton, but I think
they've got some maybe elsewhere in other States, but definitely don't buy it straight from the
website. Cause it's like 200 and some dollars to just do the autocross thing, which is not worth
it, but you can get group on deals. I think my dad, cause he was the one that kind of treated
for it since it was like a father's day gift. He, I think paid 105 and then they offer you,
if you want to drive the second car, you just pay an additional 65 to do it.
So I paid an additional 65 to drive the car. I thought it was worth it. I mean,
especially now he was talking about like going to the indoor, um, go-kart tracks.
They're just as expensive to drive those shitty things. I did do that once I did the indoor and
it was like Mario Kart in real life. Yeah. Those are fun because those things, those suckers like
drift around the corners and stuff. I mean, and I would have loved, they had like different setups
and I think it based, it depends on how busy they are. Cause they had two tracks set up on this one,
but I watched their little commercial thing on YouTube and they have a different track set up
that's a lot bigger and a lot more straightaways. And I would've liked to do that a little bit more
cause you get more speed on that, but I had fun. I mean, it was fun. Just like, it's like Forza,
but you're doing it in real life and it's just totally different. It was a lot of fun.
All right. Well back to video games, I'll talk about my gaming week, which is actually pretty
busy. This, this live streaming thing I've actually been doing, like I kept talking about
in the past. I want to get into doing it more, but as of the past couple of weeks,
I have actually been doing more live streaming. So if you're not following me on Twitch,
please consider following me on Twitch. I'm Rob Roberts on Twitch. And I did some game streaming
this week because I hooked up the Wii U in my office. So I was doing some virtual console. I
did Super Mario Brothers 2. I did Super Mario RPG, which just came out on virtual console this week.
And that was a lot of fun. Um, and then, uh, I was doing like a random Final Fantasy 14 stream.
And I feel like I did something else this week, but what do you use to put your setup
together there? Um, well, they're not paying me to give this shout out and I hope I'm not missing
out on a referral bonus, but it's, uh, it's, if there is a referral bonus, please consider using
my email or ask me on Twitter. Um, but it is a website called game show. Uh, and they were at
Twitch con when Jason, our voiceover guy had me go to Twitch and I got a demo of it. And I liked,
you know, I really like open broadcast source, but I could not for the life of me figure out
how to do a lot of like the overlay stuff, you know, that they show like the followers and all
that stuff. Well, game show has it all built in. Oh, that's cool. And so you build your shot kind
of like you do an open broadcast source, but then you can have different shots in the bottom and you
can mix them. So that's what I have is I have like my game and cam shot, and then I have my game cam
chat follower, all that stuff. So I can kind of switch back and forth. I thought it was pretty
cool. And you can assign it with hotkeys too, but I use, I still use my mouse to do all that. So,
um, yeah, I mean, it can kind of be distracting. It was, you're kind of like trying to play your
game. You're also keeping one eye on chat. So it's, it's tricky, but, um, yeah, that's,
so that's my shout out to them. Cause that was the software that kind of, I will say though,
it does have some drawbacks because like in order to change the game that I'm pushing to Twitch,
like a couple of weeks ago, I did a Overwatch stream, but it was labeled final fantasy 14.
Well, that's because I just used my shot construction from Final Fantasy 14, but just
changed the window to Overwatch to save like a new project. Yeah. Yeah. You have to like save it.
You have to edit the file as a text file to go in and change the setting for what game it's telling
Twitch you're playing into the right game. So there are some weird quirks that they still
need to work out. The PS4 never gets that right anyway though. Yeah, that's always one stream
behind. It's always whatever you last ran. Right. Yeah. Even if you change it, it will still show.
What I have to do is log into Twitch on a computer and then tell it right then what game I'm going
to. Oh yeah. That's what I always do. I didn't know that that's the way, but it's annoying
because my computer sucks. So I don't want to turn it on and wait like 10 minutes to
get it to go. Cause I have my computer's like seven years old or something. Yeah. And Bobby
says it also used your camera mic that one time. That was kind of my bad because, um, again, when
I set up the shot originally, I was playing around with the camera mics that you guys could hear Alan
in the background. Cause you'll notice when I stream, you can't really hear him, but I thought
the camera mic would pick him up, but it sounded like crap. But for some reason I copied that into
what I ended up really using. And then I went back to my Final Fantasy 14 shot and it was,
wasn't fixed, blah, blah, blah. But yeah, the camera mic thing was awful, but that was kind
of my fault and not the programs. Um, okay. So yeah, I've been doing more live streaming. So
that was, that was cool. But I've also been playing other games too. I went back to round
one yesterday, uh, over in San Jose. And so I got to play some music games. Um, and you're here,
you guys go, some of you guys that, uh, have been sad that I have fallen out of love in many ways
with music games. I don't follow them as much as I used to in the early days of OLR, but obviously
I've been getting back into it. Thanks more and more to round one. I think you guys will get a
kick out of this. I bought an EMUs card, so I actually have an EMUs. Yeah. And you played it
on 2DX and what songs did you play on 2DX? Old songs. So you're still out of it. Well,
hold on though, because I got like a bonus thing at the end that was like, what was it called?
The music game fans are going to laugh at me because I don't follow this stuff as much as
I used to. It was something like, um, it was like a train, like, like a bonus train stage
came up at the end and I played that and it was one of the new songs because I was like,
Ooh, what's this special thing that I'm sure if you had your choice, you would just be like,
I'm going to go play spooky or something. They took spooky out of the game. I don't know what
the old songs that they have anymore because they're old and nobody plays whatever, whatever.
Um, so yeah, I was playing that musica and, uh, you know, just, just some random stuff that at
round one. So, um, I'm sure Shane didn't go yesterday because he was doing other stuff,
but, um, I'm sure, well, I still have like 20 bucks worth of credits left on my card,
so we're going to have to go back so I can spend that $20. Right.
Oh, you know what? I just decided I'm going to go there on August 15th.
Why that particular day? Am I out of town that day or something? And I'm just not remembering
in the moment. No, but I will be coming back from Power Morphicon and I have to make a stop
in San Jose anyway. Okay. And it sounds like that stop is not going to be extended to round one.
Okay. That works, I guess. So you can meet me down there.
Maybe. I don't, I have, I have to look at my calendar, see if I'm busy that weekend.
It's not a weekend. Oh, well then that's going to make it really hard to get over there.
It's like a Tuesday. Yeah. It's about that. Anyway. Um, and then, uh, on the mobile,
I want to make sure I mentioned this game as well because there's a new free to play.
You know, um, Loki was talking about the Katamari thing. He's still playing at the moment by the
way. Uh, and I checked out a new free to play game called Final Fantasy Brave Exvius, which
just came out on mobile. Um, I think this past week in the US. You have to try that too.
Yeah. It's, um, it's another fine. It's, it's different than record keeper though. Record keeper
keeper is I think a little bit more of the traditional Final Fantasy kind of looking thing.
This one has like, it looks like the traditional battles, but you, you just tap the, um, units and
they go attack. So it almost sounds like that horrible active time battle game, but it's,
it's actually nothing like that. I hated that active time battle game. And I really liked this
one. Um, because not only like you can hold your finger down instead of just tapping and you can
swipe to the right to use magic limit breaks, espers that you fuse with the units and all that
stuff. So it has a lot of that like traditional Final Fantasy six stuff, but it is a free to play
games. There's a lot of grindy stuff in it. Cause they want you to spend the currency that they
give you a little taste of for free, but you know, to, to get all the good stuff, you have to use
that currency, but I'm still enjoying it. And I don't, I don't play any huge marathon sessions
and I get enough bonus energy from completing quests and stuff that it hasn't really been a
problem for me yet. So, um, yeah, I'm enjoying the Brave Exvius. That's for sure. Um, I'm getting
asked a question about my gaming week and chat over at live.vog network.com. Vid power says,
I assume it's beat media 2d X 23 copula at round one. Yes it is. Yeah, it is. I could, again,
sound Voltex was busy the entire time. I couldn't get on that one. That's like the most popular,
but wanting you to play it last time either because it was really fun all the time. It was
pretty fun. Um, let's see. And then Kaijuto talking about the, uh, PlayStation four streaming
says, once you switch a game on PlayStation four, you have to reset up the broadcast. At that point,
you change the name to what you're currently playing. That doesn't work.
Uh, I don't, I don't know. I haven't streamed. Does he mean like start it and then stop it and
then start it again? Cause I guess that could work. Cause I would think that would technically
work, but that seems really ridiculous. I feel like I've tried that before. It didn't work,
but I don't know. Yeah. I I've just, I always fill in the thing. And then when I go to look
at my stream efforts of an archive, it's the previous game I played. This is I've always
done what you did, but the like having it on the computer and updating it there.
But the reason why I did that is so that I could have the chat room up on the computer in case
somebody had to be kicked or banned from chat. I can't do that from PlayStation four, but I could
excuse my, I could excuse myself to go to the restroom, boot the person from chat and then
come back. Yeah. So there's always that, but that's why I always set it up that way. So,
all right. That's pretty much it for my email. We have a, Oh no, I need to mention this one more,
one more because, um, uh, Loki last week got me some awesome birthday presents. And one of
the games he got me was grand theft auto five. I did play grand theft auto five today, and I beat
the prologue part of the game, which is the little, like, you know, uh, escape sequence
in the beginning. And then you race some cars and, and, uh, yeah, I played through that. Um,
I would have played more of it, but when I first went to go play at Thursday night,
it had to install and it was very, very slow. And then I had to download a patch. So it was like
at least 10 gigs, if not more. So I was just like, all right, I guess I'm not playing tonight.
I'm sure when I go back to play that, I'm going to have to do that as well. Well, not the install,
but the patching, cause they release a ton of content on the line. So my advice to y'all,
if you're gonna play grand theft auto five, start the night before. So it can update everything and
then come back the next day. Yeah. And the same thing happened. Like, Oh, I can't play for like
hours. Oh yeah. That's. And when you start the game, that's a really funny way to just,
it's not even like the, the, the whole PlayStation network installing in while you could do other
things. It's, I started the game and then it had like some kind of install on a loading screen
forever. A lot of PS four games are like file four. I felt was the same way. Dragon age
Inquisition, I think did that. They do that because they're streaming the way they do it
so fast as they put part of the game on the hard drive. Part of it stays on the desk and they
stream it from both. So it's reading off the hard drive and the Blu-ray at the same time. So they,
they're able to, you know, stream faster that way. At least that's what they need to do with
the older consoles. Not sure if that's necessary, the new ones, but that's, I know at least the only
game that I've had to do that with. So that's an interesting way to fuck over the red box people
is to like make the game install take all night. So now that the game's installed,
got to take it back. Sucka. Anyway. Uh, that's about it for my gaming week. So we'll go over to,
uh, Flaco Jones. How was your gaming week? What did you play? It was pretty good. I played, uh,
I played Splatoon because I hadn't logged on since the new weapon. I don't know when the new weapons
came out. They came out a couple of weeks ago or whatever, but the last round of weapons came out.
So I tried each one of them out. It was pretty cool. Uh, I wasn't a big fan of any of the new
weapons, maybe the new and zap, but it's tough to learn new combinations, especially when you're
used to the old ones. So I, I, I, I give them some, another chance or two. So, and then I played
a lot of Hearthstone on my phone and Marvel puzzle quests on my phone and Overwatch tons and tons of
Overwatch because I didn't even mention Overwatch, but yeah, I've been playing that too. Did you play
the new, uh, competitive mode? No, I don't play that much Overwatch. I'm not ranked 25. You're
not 25. So I was 24 and three quarters. So I got on and one night and I did, I only needed to win
like a couple more games and I got up to 25. So then I did the, I think this was Friday night.
It was the main cause it wasn't working the next day. So yeah, Friday night I did the placement
deal. So you have to play 10 games in the new competitive mode format. And after that,
they give you, based on, I guess your win and loss ratio, I guess it's always really based on,
you get a, I figured what it's called like a rating. So I did terribly, I lost my first game,
then I won my second while I was playing with extra for, and then I lost like, I want to say
the next six in a row or maybe five in a row. And then I won three of my last four to get to
a semi-respectable four wins out of 10. So I got a 39, which I was actually fine with. It was like,
I was like, you know, it sucks to lose since I actually lost a couple of them really close,
like very near wins. And then I, uh, I, um, got on there and I got a 39, but I was like, you know,
it's not too bad because I want, I'd rather be up against weaker competition anywhere,
but it's not weaker. It's probably more of my, it seems to make sense. That's probably the people
that should be up against. I will be that loser that gets zero wins out of 10 in the placement
and I will fucking rage and throw my keyboard against the wall. But then you don't have to
play against this hardcore people. I guess that's the bonus. That's, that's the bright side I took.
I even was like, man, I kind of wish I'd won three. Like we did one of those, you know,
those ones where it's like 50, 50, I call it 50, 50. I don't know what it's called, but it's like,
you have to have the percentage go to a hundred first for the other side. We won the first round
of that and it's best out of five as opposed to best out of three, what it is in quick play.
And then the other team, three people just dropped or four people dropped. So then it was the rest
of our team, six people against two and they still make you play the whole thing out. I felt so bad
for those two people. I've heard that the really toxic, gross part of the community is coming out
in that competitive match. I wouldn't know, but, but blizzard has also said, if you drop too many
matches, you're going to get banned from the competitive mode. Yeah. Blizzard said they're
watching it. And if you drop too many matches, you, you get kicked out of competitive mode and
they'll get the rewards. Wow. So yeah, we basically just two poor guys, but they stuck through it.
I felt bad for them. Like, should they, so they get a loss then on their placement, right? That's
just feels so unfair. Yeah. Cause they had no chance that he was only one loss when, um,
when I play Overwatch, I'm like that GIF of Ron Swanson with the headphones on just kind of
bobbing back and forth because I just don't ever turn on my voice chat. I ignore everything in
party chat. I'm like, can't hear you. I don't, I don't give a fuck what any of you have to say.
That lets me mute it. So they can't hear me, but I turn it on, but I've never heard anyone. I have
team chat auto join. I've never heard a single soul on the way to say like four people in team
chat. I suppose it's unfortunate because there's probably people that actually want to help and
like help people do better. Maybe that's why I leave it open just in case somebody actually
has something constructive to say that I'll, I would chime in, but I've never had to. Yeah.
That's why I would get zero out of 10 placement, but it's like, I'm not going to put up with the
toxic garbage. Anyway. Um, Alan walked into studio and I know Alan's been playing a crap ton of
Overwatch as well. So you, you have something to say on this clearly. Hello. Hi. How are you doing?
Um, yeah. So for the 10 evaluation rounds, yeah. If you drop out of those, cause a lot of people
want to game the system and get as many wins as possible. Yeah. If you drop out of those,
then you can possibly be banned from the season altogether. But once you do the 10 evaluation
rounds and you are in the actual season competitive mode with everyone that has their rank,
if you drop, and I have a complaint about this in a minute, if you drop your other teammates will
be like, you lost a person and they haven't signed back on. If you wait 90 seconds, you can all leave
this round without a penalty. So if someone drops. Oh, so that's why everybody else left.
Yeah. So it kind of, yeah. Okay. So there'll be a notice that says like, cause also I've disconnected
not on purpose, just because lag spike or internet went down and I'm not sure if this is working as
intended, but I was able to reload the Blizzard client, get back into the game, click play, or
actually put me right back into the match. So I was in, but because I disconnected and was out
for a minute, even though we won, it counted as a loss to me personally. And my rank went down by
one. Oh, wow. And that's awful. And actually, and cause you know, in chat is saying if they ban
people, they better refund their money too. Well, I don't think people that are getting banned are
getting banned for the entire game, just from the season, just from the, the rank play or whatever.
Yeah. You can still do play the normal game. You can do quick play. You can do. Yeah.
Um, but you, it is possible to get banned from normal play too, but you have to be one of those
like really toxic assholes to get that happen. Um, and then I got four out of 10 for my evaluation
rounds. Yay. Uh, what, what did you get for it? Yeah. What was it? What would the number they
gave you? 46 or 47. Well, how does that part work? Cause I was like, shouldn't I just be a
40? I was a 39. That's like, what did they, how did they decide I was a 39 and not a 40?
I think it goes by how many like, cause a lot of, a lot of the escort, the vehicle ones are escort,
the payload. There are checkpoints. So if you get all five checkpoints, that's more points.
All right. That makes more sense. So yeah. Oh, so I probably got a really good boost from that one
wherever he left. Cause we won three to nothing. Two or three of my losses ended in sudden death
where it was tied. And then we lost. It was so fun. I should be like seven to 10, but yeah, no.
Um, yeah, so I was given a 47 rank, but because of disconnects and losses,
I'm now at like 44. So I'm going down, down, down. But yeah, if you get to level 25,
you can do your 10 evaluation matches. I don't know if I can help you though.
Yeah, probably. You probably can't do the evals with me. It's fine. I just need to suck it up
and play more Overwatch. It was kind of cool. Like I sit up till almost two in the morning
at like one 30 in the morning, I think just playing that. Cause it's like, I just want
to finish it. I know I'm doing terribly, especially when I was on the bad streak,
but you know, I ended well, so it was fun. I just want to be that guy that gets zero of 10.
The competitive matches are actually a lot longer because yes, you do a full match. And then the
other than it's flipped where if you're escorting the payload and you're on defense, then you're on
attack. And um, though actually they can be shorter. Yeah. Cause if you don't meet the
criteria that the other team met, it just ends. It does. It's like, there's no point now. Yeah.
Like, um, we got our payload in like with like three minutes to spare. So the other team had
to do it in that time or less. So their timer was adjusted to buy what our score was. So they
had to basically do it better than we did. So yeah, it adjusts. Um, or you only, we only had
to make it to the second checkpoint on one. You didn't have to make it all the way to the end of
the map. You just get, you just had to beat the other team and then you, then it's over.
But yeah, otherwise it's like, if it's like you said that that contributes to your rating,
wouldn't that hurt your rating then you couldn't get the max points. Like say if you went first,
you can go down anywhere from a half to a whole point. Like I've gone down three quarters of a
point before. Okay. So yeah, I still haven't played since doing my placement actually,
but cause I've been busy. Yeah. So they're really long cause it could be upwards of three
whole matches. Yeah. It's an investment. It makes you do best of five instead of best of three,
which what it is on quick play. Yeah. So they changed that too. So that's all Overwatch,
Overwatch. It's what a lot of people are playing right now. So
I've had a blast. You guys have more experience with it than me. Although I feel like I've been
playing enough, you know, but I thought I was so surprised. Like I feel like I've been playing
a lot and then I log out. I'm like, I'm not 25. Okay. My name is Splatoon. Splatoon. You'll
need to get to 10 to play ranked mode. I don't know. I don't think time comparison wise. I
don't know if it's similar or not. I think, I think it's a lot faster to get a 10 in Splatoon
25 in Overwatch. But I agree with that. Anything else for your gaming week?
I think that's pretty much it. All right. Let's go to Shane. Shane, how was your gaming week?
What have you been playing? I played Pokemon. That's literally it. Um, I know I did play
the Final Fantasy game on mobile, but I've already uninstalled it. I don't like it.
Not a fan. It's not very fun to me. So Pokemon. How's your, uh, shiny decks going?
55 is my current total now. Yeah, but it's not really when there's 720. Oh my gosh. Which you
can't even get all shiny, but have you caught any shinies during the show tonight? No, not yet.
What one are you working on now? Uh, Ivy soar and, uh, pan Sage and, uh, Quilladon. Those are
the three I'm looking at at the moment. I thought you got one of those last night.
Yeah, I got pan Sage, but I evolved him. So I need to get him again. Oh, got it. Yeah. So
just those lots. You looking forward to Pokemon world? Uh, the worlds. Yeah. I'm so excited for
that. They had the, um, cause it's not in the show at all. Uh, they had the American and Australian
and I believe Hong Kong nationals this weekend. So I was watching, I wasn't watching Hong Kong
cause I don't think there was a stream of it. Um, but American and Australian were both on Twitch
and I watched that and it was a lot of fun. Yeah. Actually vid power and chat over at
live.fognetwork.com says, uh, Pokemon national championships is this weekend. Yeah. I saw some
of the trading card, um, which is, is still fun to watch. I play a little bit on my iPad sometimes.
I didn't watch any of the Pokken. Um, even though that got streamed and I watched a lot of the
actual video game and that was like the best. I cannot wait to watch it in person.
So much fun. All right. Well, uh, let's get to tonight's gaming news. Uh, just some quick
housekeeping. Um, remember to follow us on Facebook, facebook.com slash orange launch radio.
We're also on Twitter, twitter.com slash O L R. Um, and as far as our schedule goes,
uh, the next show we will have off for sure is labor day weekend. Um, as I will be at dragon con,
which that, that date is sneaking up sooner rather than later. I got to get my flights
booked this week. Cause uh, yeah. Wow. I can't believe it's the end of next month or no, I guess,
I guess the way the dates fall this year, it's actually the beginning of September with the labor
day kind of got close enough. Yeah, but close enough. Close enough. I've started thinking about
what cosplay I want to do, but I saw my pal Victoria. I haven't seen in like a year and I
feel like she came on this show. Was it, she was on guys on the show. She did the Disneyland
episode of guys on the show. Um, and she does like a lot of super cosplay stuff. She did a
game of thrones character yesterday at Rocky, uh, cause they were doing like a nerd theme.
Uh, so she's, uh, she did, uh, who's the one that shame, shame. Oh, I don't know the nun.
I don't know her name. No, not, not the nun. She was Cersei. Cersei. That's okay. You see,
look, I have a show Sunday nights. I don't get to watch the other one, but you got close. I got
close. I described it. Well, because I know at the very, at the beginning she was dressed and
she was sipping from a wine glass, which I guess is like a big thing. That's all she ever does.
Okay. So she was doing that. And then at the end, apparently she came out and she was not wearing
a lot of clothes and the whole audience was throwing popcorn at her going shame, shame. Yeah.
And that was like the joke. So anyway, um, how do we get on that? Oh yes. Because she said she
would help me do a cosplay, whatever I want to do for dragon con this year. But I'm not,
I'm not sure. Like I could do my joker again, even though the belt broke. So I have to get that
fixed. But then I'm like, well, I kind of want to do something else, but I also really don't
want to shave my beard. So kind of limits what I can do. I don't know. We'll see. Does it,
you could be a Pokemon. I'm going to be a Pokemon. Oh my gosh. Can I really pick? Yes. Pick. Yeah.
What Pokemon? Let me go look, which one I want you to be. Do I get to pick which one I want him
to be all like in your memory? No. Yeah. I have a Pokemon. Cause the one, the one I would like
you to be is goth to tell. I think that would be hilarious. I'll show you in a minute. I'll search.
Um, or you could be, Oh, it'd be hilarious. Like all I'm just trying to think about is,
Oh, you could be, um, a Florges also. So basically I'm picking the female looking one.
Whatever. I, and you know what, for the right, actually, that's not a horrible outfit.
Oh my God. For, for the right, for the right costume, I'll consider shaving my beard.
No, you don't have to shave your beard. You just paint over it. You just cover it. Just cover my
beard. I'm going to find the mustache. And you get to pick which color flower petals for this one.
Goodie. I like how, I like how he's already saying it. Like it's a sure thing. Like what
was the one you played in, in a poke and tournament? Um, it's a Fennekin's evolved form.
Breaks in. Yeah. Breaks you in. Isn't that like a ginger? It's a Fox. I don't know. Fuck off.
Here's the one you could be. Oh, you've shown me that one. That's just a flower.
It's like a drag queen flower. Look, it's got like all these flowery.
Does it even have a face? What is that? It's faces right there. Actually,
I don't understand. You know what? Dark Tetsuya makes an awesome nerd point in our chat room at
live.voggenower.com saying, isn't that what the guy that played Joker in Batman 66 did? He didn't
shave his mustache. Yes. Cesar Romero who played Joker in the old sixties, Batman. He, he never
shaved. That's why his face kind of looked funny. He would not shave his mustache for the role.
They painted over it in the white paint because the older cameras, they didn't really catch it,
but since they have to remaster Batman, like if you go back and watch the Batman 66 movie,
like he's really bad. I have breaking news. What happened? What I have a better Pokemon for you to
do. I hate it when shame breaks. It's not, it's never legitimate. Not going to dress up as yes.
What is that? One is like the old school one that looks like the drag queen basically. Well,
like all the ones I'm picking for your drag queen. I might as well do Mr. Mime. No,
that's not drag. I'll just, I'm just going to wear a pink Snuggie and say I'm a ditto.
That's that'll be it. All right. Stupid. Yeah. Just like your ideas. Not as stupid as being jinx.
All right. Look, I don't even, I think you would do a very good job. I would have to
Orko enjoy. I would have to paint my entire body purple. You know, just your hands and your face.
Oh, well that's all. And, but not your lips. That's some lipstick you could wear. And then
you get a blonde wig and then like the, um, you could just be a Pokemon trainer, get a blow up
doll, dress it up like that. Okay. Now here's the thing. And I could do this. And then we're
getting into gaming news. We're leaving this. I actually, years ago, one Halloween, I dressed as
Ash Ketchum because I have a Pokemon that's like life size, a little Pikachu. And like,
you can kind of put your arm through the tail and it can sit on your shoulder. So I actually did
that one year. So I could do the Ash Ketchum again, except this is like Ash Ketchum pushing 40.
I haven't caught them all yet. This is not a very good life plan.
Which if you think about it with as old as Pokemon is
Ash Ketchum ought to be pushing 40 now. So it's kind of appropriate.
All right. Very best that I could be in accounting.
That was the very best. And then I took an arrow to the knee.
Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, found a better one.
Then you got drafted into the war. All right. I'm so done with this topic. We
need to get back into some gaming news. This is all about games right now.
It's it's horrible. I would have unsubscribed hours ago. This is pretty awesome. All right.
Loki get his can be a lot bunny. It's basically, no, it's a bunny. It's like a Playboy bunny.
I a Playboy. Oh my God. Gaming news. Loki started us off tonight.
So Microsoft is getting rid of X-Box fitness. Which is a bummer. I was going to use that to
lose some weight so I could do some slutty cosplay like jinx. That's not going to happen
either. I'm not going to be slutty jinx with that. Um, but yes, apparently, um, you know,
they're going to start to go wind down. So right now you can't buy new content.
And those who have purchased content so far, you can use those up until June 30th, 2017.
And then after that, well, too bad. You don't get free shit anymore. You don't get to, uh,
view your content that you paid for anymore. That kind of sucks. Well, that sucks for you.
If you bought that $60 Jillian Michaels workout video that it's just going to get taken away from
you. I've never, ever even heard of X-Box fitness, like for real. When did that happen?
At the launch of the three or at the launch of the 360 and the launch of the one when the connect
was included with every X-Box and you know, a big part of why the connect took off in the beginning
was what dance games and fitness games. Right. That was like all the connect was in the beginning
for the 360 for the X-Box one. It was never anything. Well, it was an extra thing that
they packaged in with your system that you're paying for. I think it had hoped to continue
the, um, dance game and fitness game trend because, um, there was, there was a dance central game for
a hot minute, but it was like, uh, here's a very bare bones version of it. Now buy all our songs
extra that that doesn't fly usually pretty much. So, and Microsoft still has not said, like,
you're going to get compensated. I mean, this is why people are nervous about buying shit digitally
and they should be, you know, again, it depends how much you're spending, I suppose.
Like, you know, if steam went belly up tomorrow and I can no longer download,
you know, the shower with your dad simulator that I spent 69 cents on, I'm not going to be that
worried about it. You know, when you were saying that you got that game, I confused it with that
other showering game with guys where you actually have to like rub them down. You've seen that game
before I have that game. It's hilarious. No, you're weird. You know, if you saw this game,
you'd be like, why am I not playing it right now? It's by the guy that does the lot of like
the sex games, I guess like, Oh, that guy. Oh no, no. Like he has stuff on steam. It's like,
that's what he's known for. He had the game where you, where you take like penis pictures,
like you were, um, like on, you know, one of those social media things and
Is this guy to steam like that guy on Amazon who writes those books? It's like pounded in the butt
by my butt and like, uh, like, uh, pounded in the butt by the Brexit and like all these like
random things. I mean, please tell me somebody else has heard of this on Amazon. Yes. There's
this author on Amazon who writes all these like crappy. Well, I don't know. I haven't,
I haven't read them. I don't know if they're good or not, but they're, you know,
gay Rodica things that have these like ridiculous names. I don't think they're supposed to be good.
One of them got troll nominated by the CD side of Twitter for a prestigious, like a Hugo award
or something. And it was, it was, um, it was one of this guy's books. So this sounds like that,
but on steam anyway, I don't know how we got from X-Box fitness to pound it in the butt by my butt,
but basically, so the reason that they're terminating the service is because the service
requires regular content updates, given the service, um, relies on providing you with new
and exciting content regularly. Microsoft has given too much or has given much consideration
to the reality, um, updating the service regularly in order to sustain it. And, um,
and that's it. That's like half of a quote. What the hell? Um, we thought about it and that's it.
We're done. Um, we thought about, Hey, yeah, we were going to update that service called
game room too, but those guys. Yeah. That's a sore spot too. Cause I spent money on game room
and it's like, well, that's gone pounded in the butt by Microsoft. Um, looking at the internet,
I found the name of that book that got nominated for a Hugo award. It was space Raptor button
invasion. That's the one that got nominated for you. I hope they get made into a movie.
It'll probably do better at the box office. You know what? You laugh, but I bet space Raptor.
What was it? Space Raptor button vision or space Raptor button vision has more of a story than
Tetris does and Tetris is getting a three movie deals. So why can't space Raptor button vision
get at least one movie? Why not? I never thought Loki would be defending space Raptor button
vision here on the show, but seriously, we are that having a movie would be less ridiculous
than Tetris having a movie. That is how ridiculous that concept is.
Um, all right. Well, one concept, uh, we would like to hear about soon already is the
Nintendo NX and what is the fricking catch with the Nintendo at X? What is the thing?
Uh, apparently in an interview with Shigeru Miyamoto this week talked about that the reason
why the NX has not been unveiled is because there is a secret idea. And, uh, from this
article with big story, uh, that he said in terms of NX, there's an idea we're working on.
This is why we can't share anything at this point. And I don't want to comment on the other
companies. If it was just a matter of following advancements in technology, things would be coming
out a lot quicker. So in other words, what I draw from that is that, look, if we were just bumping
up the specs and putting out like a power console, then, then we would have said it already. But
because there's some type of twist to the system that they don't want other people to steal,
that's why they're not unveiling it. What? This is a stupid fucking reason. I'm sorry.
I want to, I do want to just quickly say though, maybe there's a translation thing going on here.
I do. Cause this has happened a couple of times. That's the case. And then this, I mean,
translators, come on, seriously. But, um, assuming that there's not a translation issue,
I think that is a dumb fucking excuse because seriously, what is two fucking months or how
many months between now and when they're going to announce it, is it going to matter? And they're
going to fucking copy it anyways, if it's a good idea. But it didn't come out right away. Like the
move and the connect weren't a thing that was like out at the launch of the weed. The connect
was sort of like an evolved idea. I wouldn't really consider Microsoft doesn't necessarily
just steal ideas. They steal them and make them better. And that's what they will try to do in
theory with connect that they didn't really, that they didn't really perfect until the Xbox one,
by which point everybody stopped caring to see a trend of Microsoft where they try to steal these
ideas and make them better. They're not really successful with a lot of them. Like the windows
phone, the zoom, the connect, uh, what was that? The, uh, or the, yeah, but then they do something
like a second screen glass crap. Okay. Uh, but then they do something like Xbox live,
which has been like the biggest innovation. So they kind of been doing that for a long,
one could argue that was bitten off. What like game spy servers and things that were already
existed in the PC world. Okay. So fine. They did something right there, but it's been a while
since they've had it hit. But like, I seriously think that as a stupid fucking reason and it's
cause it's, if it is a gimmick of some sort, they're not going to change their game plan.
That, I mean, if it's that significant, I don't think that these companies are a changer game plan
that quickly. And if it is something that they can change that quickly where they're like,
if you announced it now, they're going to be able to steal it by the time that you release this.
Who cares? I mean, it's going to be like, yeah, so it'll delay it a few more months and then
they'll steal it. I mean, what's the big deal? I think I know what it is. It is putting a handle
on your system again, just like they did with the game. Uh, dark to see you in chat says,
well, yeah, I mean, look at the, we, after it was announced and Sony came out and said,
look, our system has motion control on our control. It was fucking so I can see why
Nintendo went that way. They're still using that fucking garbage motion controller. I disagree.
I think the move actually was better. Like it was way more accurate than the we, and it felt,
it just didn't really have, you know, you're right. Yeah. Cause I did use that. I do remember
that now, but like the implementation of it was garbage. Like they didn't have the games
to justify it. But I give Sony massive props that now it's like, okay, well that's coming back. So
like, it's not, it was good back then, but it's not good enough. I think they need to do more
with it. Uh, let's see. And then Stoppy says, uh, because you know, Nintendo doesn't have a legal
arm to go to after companies that copy their idea. Maybe they're all busy going after let's players
and coffee table books. Well, that's a whole nother issue, but yeah. Uh, maybe their legal
arms tied up with that. Although, you know, again, apparently Sony or I'm sorry, apparently, um,
Nintendo couldn't stop the move, but I would bet because the move was based with a camera and the
Wii thing was based on infrared. That's was different enough for it not to be a very different.
Yeah. Yeah. Cause we, you, the, the remotes are looking at a sensor bar. So they're basically
finding like two, two points that are on top of your TV and they're tracking that versus the
camera tracking the actual controllers instead. Well, I mean, they're going to have to unveil
what it is eventually to make people want one. So I, I still kind of agree with the general
consensus that the week before Tokyo game show is when this will be revealed. And the reason why
is not because Nintendo, you know, Nintendo doesn't really do Tokyo game show, but the third
parties that are going to put games out on an X will then be able to, uh, basically promote for
them at Tokyo game show. And I, I, that's why I believe that we will hear about the NX the week
before Tokyo game show. Can we at least all agree that whatever they're hiding right now is probably
insignificant really? Yep. Yep. I don't think it's, I don't think it's something that's so
game changing that they need to hide it. I'm going to agree with it, but not in such a negative
connotation. I think because they're hiding it, it's something that's really easy to copy.
So that's why they're hiding it. So we'll see. What's it going to be over your own VR? I mean,
seriously, like, I don't know what they could, well, they've already publicly stated that they
are, you know, they've seen a lot of things that they're thinking about doing things and they have
projects and ideas. I'm starting to get the impression that they don't know what the fuck
they're going to make that system into that. They're just throwing all these ideas like,
Oh, maybe we should do some VR. Well, maybe we should do this. Maybe we should do this.
I don't think that's why they're showing it because they don't know what the fuck it is.
Yeah. They don't have anything to show. It's just like, I'm going to throw a wild dart
against the wall. And if this whole handheld and console universe thing, it proves to be true.
Nintendo are, I think it has something to do with game streaming. And they're worried that
Sony's going to jack it for PlayStation now. And I don't, I'm sorry. I don't, you know,
if I knew what it was, boy, I'd probably be a lot richer and, uh, you know, be a games analyst full
time. But, um, I have a feeling, I don't know why my gut tells me it seems like a natural evolution
of the fact that the Wii U streams from the countertop box to your device, maybe they
figured out a way to get that done over the internet or something there. It's something
they don't want Sony to incorporate into PlayStation. Now, again, that's just a wild
guess, but that would strike me as something that's quote unquote, easy to copy. If Sony
were to dedicate the resources to the copy, because I think they are dedicating the resources
to it. I wish they'd spend those resources on getting backwards compatibility to work instead,
because I don't believe for a second that they can't get that to run on the PS4.
Stop being chat says, I don't disagree with Rob, but game streaming, if that's the idea,
they're worried if people copying, they deserve all the hate they get. I, here's the thing,
it's not like, like, obviously it's not just game streaming. There's something new there. And if I
knew what it was, then I could steal Nintendo's idea, but I'm speculating. I wonder if, here's
the, here's might be, okay, I'll put out the wild guess that I think it might be.
Because with PlayStation now you stream games from a centralized server. You don't really stream it
to your place. You don't stream it from your PlayStation four to your Vita, unless you're
in wifi. I think what could be the catch is that Nintendo's figured out a way through low bandwidth
or something, maybe just for virtual console games, maybe for very, very low bandwidth games
or something. They found a way that you can stream over the internet, over the air from your
NX to your handheld NX, no matter where you are. That's, that's my guess.
It's a crazy guess. I totally admit, but that's, that's what I mean when it's something to do with
game streaming, but it's something we haven't quite seen yet. No, I don't think you could
literally pause your game at home. Get in the, get in the car to go start going to work or the
train to go to work and pick up right where you left off on your device. The Vita and the
PlayStation four almost do this, but they don't really do it over the internet. I, I don't think
so. That's just my wild guess. Uh, all right. Anyway, let's, uh, let's move on to some more
stories. Uh, who's going to go next? Jim, it's me. It's me. Uh, I wanted to talk about, uh,
summer games done quick. And I know a lot of this is covered. I heard the tail in the Bobby show,
so, but, um, uh, that's okay. We have podcasters who might listen in reverse. They might listen
to reverse order and listen to Bobby second. So, so the thing that I wanted to open up with
before I get into the summer games done quick was, you know, they were featured, uh, one of
the speed runners is featured on the Colbert show or was it called the late show? It's sad that I
don't know what it's called Letterman's old show. It's the late show because that was Letterman's
show. It's the late show with Steven Colbert. It was Steven Colbert. They had Mitch flower power,
whose name real name is Mitch Fowler. I'm like, Oh, I get it now. So they had him on and he ran
Super Mario brothers three. And I guess because his, one of his fast times is like three Oh eight.
Then Colbert raced him in like cooking and eating a hot pocket. And then he also had like,
these guys do a relay race from some local track. It was like Columbia. I think so. Yeah. So yeah.
So they did like a three way thing where like these guys were running a relay race and Colbert
was microwaving and eating a hot pocket. And this guy was running some more of a string. Colbert won
because this guy didn't Mitch didn't get his best time, but he did it in like three 35. I think it
was kind of lost in the broadcast because once Colbert finished, they kind of ended this segment.
And, but then, you know, he finished his run. I think he got like a three 35 and then like
something he didn't trigger the glitch as fast as you usually get. But he got it. And I saw her,
I saw him walk up to the princess and all that. So he triggered the ending without having to fight
Bowser. So that was pretty cool. And I just thought it was cool. Cause then at the end,
they plugged summer games on quick. So they plugged it on national TV. And I know
this marathon has been running for a while every year. They've been making more money,
except for the last awesome gives. They made less money than the previous one, but I think it'd be
cool to see what kind of bump summer games gets this year. And I like, I've always followed this
a lot. I actually applied to be, or I guess submitted a run to be on this year's summer
games on quick, but I was rejected, but it was a PT. I was going to try to run.
You're going to keep submitting until you get it though, right?
Yeah, I'll keep trying. I don't know if it's a game they would ever want to put on.
I almost wanted to like promote it as like, cause I was, I was trying to say like
every summer because the S I told you earlier, it's during the awful or during the AGDQ,
they do awful games on quick during the summer. They do silly games on quick starts in S well,
they also do spooky games on quick every summer. And they usually throw a couple of horror games
in there. So I thought, Oh, this would be great compliment. Cause it's so short,
just squeeze it into a spooky games block. But now I'm like, wouldn't it be funny if they did
like a slow games done quick. Cause PT kind of falls into that realm of, I hate to say walking
simulators, but it's a game where you just pretty much are walking down the hallway, except for one
short segment where you're going fast. But I've also seen speed runs on games like, uh, uh, gone
home. You can beat in under a minute. Yeah. Gone home is another one. I was playing when I was
waiting for the grand theft auto installation. I actually played gone home on PlayStation four and
I re there's a trophy for beating it in under a minute. And I was like, why you can beat the game
in a minute? And I let you go home. You're like, all right, I'm done. No. If you know,
I mean, spoiler alert, but if you know where the secret door is, where the key to the attic is,
which you usually find throughout the discovery, you get kind of get clues to where the secret
door is. But if you know where it is, you just go right to it, grab the key to the attic,
go to the attic, get the diary and end the game. And you can be, uh, everyone's gone to the rapture
in like a minute because there's a glitch you can do. If you kind of like jump and twirl around
near the start, you can jump a fence. And actually where you start is really close to the place where
you start switches tonight and then you walk up and do the final cut scene. So you can do that.
So I was like, Oh, that'd be fun if they did a block of slow games done quick. The S thing,
they're games that are typically slow. Uh, until Dawn is another game where you pretty much walk
the whole game and there's some glitches in that good game. I don't think you could speed run that.
Tiger watch. Yeah. Tiger con chat says you think they will ever do a winner games done quick.
That is awesome. That is awesome. Games is in the winter. Awesome. Games happens every January. So
we're speed running until Dawn. Do you just kill everybody off? Uh, there's different categories.
There are categories for saving everyone. It's just like every speed run. There's categories.
There's any percent and there's, you know, all the, any percent, it doesn't matter what happens.
Usually that's the most popular category in any speed run. Uh, so yeah. So yeah, I looked at the
schedule. I think it's a pretty cool, you know, uh, marathon this year. I kind of like how they're
ending it with super Mario RPG. They've, they've typically ended either with the final fantasy
game or I think a couple of times they've ended with Corona trigger. So this time,
and I think one time did they end with the Metroid race? I don't know. I don't think they ever have.
I think you've always ended with an RPG. Yeah. Metroid's like right before it's usually much
as right for it. It is again this year. It's like they don't match rated because it's the
big moneymaker to be fair though. Super Mario RPG is another square. Super Nintendo is true.
So it does kind of fit. That's the thing. It just came out recently. Yeah. So Nintendo,
they set this a while ago though. They set the schedule a long time ago, which I think is kind
of funny. I think it's just a coincidence. I don't think it's because of that, but yeah.
Hey, you never know. Nintendo may be looking at it going bump that up or something. Yeah.
I don't see anything really great on there, but the one game that stuck out to me,
I think it's during their silly block is a bubble ghost because that's a game boy game that I had
for game boy. It's so cute. I see. I didn't see that. Yeah. What I kind of like about the marathon
is I discover games that I either never heard of or barely heard of or just wouldn't even think
about watching. And I see them and they're really funny. Like, you know, I actually discovered,
uh, roundabout on there and I thought that was so good. And I first saw it on, uh, games on quick.
And then I went and I bought it. I was like, let me look at this game. And it happened to be on
sale when I looked it up. It's like, I'm going to buy that. So I bought that right away. And, uh,
gosh, what was that Western game they did? Yeah. I was just thinking about that. I don't know what
really bad, but hilarious, like old, old PC Western game, the teaser classic game of the week.
I saw that one as well on there. And so we'll see more of that later. But, um, yeah, there's,
I, that's, that's why the scene, the schedule doesn't really bother me. You see the ones that
are there that are always there. The mega man games is of course the Metroid race and all
that stuff. The Mario block is always, I love the Mario 64, like the, the minimum stars run,
whatever that is. I love that every time I watch, I love watching them run backwards.
So I'm, I'm a big portal runs. Yeah. The portal runs are good. I don't think those are on this
year. I saw, I saw with a tear in my eye, the spooky games block. It's not much of a block.
It looks like, I don't know if there's a scheduling issue, but it looks like they broke
up the games cause they're doing the amnesia on one night and the next night they're doing like
silent Hill three and like resident evil. Maybe they just don't think amnesia is scary.
Spooky games like near Halloween or anything like that. No, no, no. They just have a spooky block
during the summer. Cause of the, yes. You know, uh, they just, they usually, you know, confine
it to sometime after midnight and they throw those in there. The block that amnesia is in,
it has like Wolfenstein and Dishonored too. So maybe it's some sort of like first person.
I think that's part of a first person block. Yeah. But it may, and maybe the guy that runs it,
it looks like the person that runs silent Hill three is the exact same person. Yeah. Running
resident evil two. So the spooky games block, so to speak, it's just silent Hill three resident
evil two and little big planet and little big planet. That could be spooky. Yes. Um,
I do want to point this out. It's kind of related is that humble bundle tends to do a themed
bundle for the, um, summer games, no quick and awesome ways to quick. They just released the
summer games bundle. Um, but what's interesting about it is that the minimum is 15. There is no
games that you just get for like a dollar. So you have to pay at least 15 or more there. It's, it's,
I think it's some you kind of seen before, like super meat boy and VVVVV, which I mean are great
games, but they're kind of in every pack, but there's also, I have like most of these, uh,
there's serious Sam, double DX XL and serious Sam, the random encounter. There's freedom planet,
escape goat to Guacamelee and dust forest DX. So the other games that I'm pretty sure I have
almost all of these with the exception of maybe escape go to with the rest. I know I have,
yeah, I don't. Are these all games that are actually featured this year? They're not
featured this year. I don't see them are maybe meat boy is that's, that one's a pretty mean,
that's a mainstay. I think it might not be VVVV maybe. I don't think that one is on this year.
I didn't see that one, but I thought I saw meat boy. Now that I'm more awakened, looking at this
list, there looks to be a, like a Disney Capcom, any S block that block looks like DuckTales.
Disney's little mermaid, Mickey mouse, capade. They almost always do a Disney block. Ship
and Dale rescue Rangers too. Oh yeah. Rescue Rangers too. That's the way. Yeah. Like I want
to watch that. All right. I can't because I'll be, I've had it on all day. Like it started at
10 AM. It's been on that. It's probably still play. Well, you know, it's probably not playing
now because Catherine just started and my wife hates that case. I hate that game. So
you hate it cause it has sheep when she was pregnant with our son, I believe I was playing
it like crazy and she just was, you know, anything she relates to all that sickness for me and
pregnancy. She's just like, I don't like it. Except Taco Bell. Well yeah, she still is Taco Bell.
Isn't it like a puzzle game or something? It is pretty much a puzzle game. Yeah. But there's also
like a whole, like a dating SIM almost thing in the middle of it or not really a SIM, but there's
like, when you go to the bar, there's like all these social things you have to do. And that
unlocks kind of how the story unfolds. Beating the puzzles is one thing, but yeah, I played on
easy mode cause I, I'm not good at those puzzles, but I beat the game and it was really fun. I
thought, but yeah, it was, it was weird. He had really good anime cut scenes and what's
interesting about that run, which I have to watch it later because I do actually want to watch it
because the guy who's running it is playing co-op mode, but he's playing it himself with two
controllers. So it's one player with two controllers. That's awesome. I'm like, that sounds
amazing. So I wish I got one of his controllers is a fight stick. Okay. So that makes it easier then.
Wow. I didn't see that. See, I haven't seen it. So Shane's watching it right now. One controller is
a dance pad. That'd be cool. That'd be awesome. All right. Let's, let's move on with some other
news. I'm sure a lot of people are multitasking with the summer games done quick, but they do,
they put everything on YouTube anyway. So if you miss something.
Yeah. They're really good archiving. If you, if you don't watch it on YouTube,
sometimes you take a little longer. Are you that one? You're not getting picked up. Oh,
sorry. You might not be like, no, just, just right then.
Okay. Anyway. Yeah. They, uh, if you go on, uh, usually the Reddit thread that references
summer games on quick, they'll usually have links to the, what I want to say, like the time code,
the splits or whatever in their Twitch stream. That's faster way to see the archives. If you
don't want to wait for YouTube and if you're new to it, I highly suggest watching any of the relays
because the relays are always fun. There's, they did a donkey Kong country, tropical freeze one
today, Canada versus USA. And there's a super Mario maker blind custom team relay race,
which they did that in, uh, awesome games. And that was really fun to watch.
And so they'll be doing it again. And also don't forget it is for charity.
So donate to the French doctors without borders. I don't know what that is.
It's doctors borders, but they're, they're like, uh, things in French. Yeah. Okay. I didn't know
that many sounds on frontiers or whatever. I don't speak French, obviously. Wow. You sound
like me trying to do Japanese release dates. That's great. All right. Uh, let's get to some
other news though, for a time. Cause we, uh, are running a little long, but that's all right. Uh,
Loki. So there's a key reseller, um, G2A, which most people don't like because they're also known
for people that, you know, they hack people's accounts and steal codes or, you know,
fraudulently obtain keys and resell them on their market. Um, but now, Hey, they're trying to get
on the good side of developers by offering up to a 10% royalty and for keys sold on their platform.
However, it is up to the developers to set that royalty, which will be applied on top of the
prices set by third party sellers. And in order for the developers to take advantage of that,
they need to partner with the site. So they will need to register their products with G2A
and acknowledge owned intellectual property in games. Hmm. Um, yeah. In fact, I mean,
there's been some developers that have come out and said basically, Hey, we'd rather you
pirate our game than the purchase from this website. They're not very liked.
No, they're not. Well, I mean, yeah, there's, there's, you know, allegedly stolen credit cards.
I don't think it's alleged be like they have had instances where people have purchased stuff off
of that site and it's been with a stolen account and the keys get revoked. So you just gotta be
aware or, you know, wary of where you purchase things. Yeah. I don't know if that's a site that
can really redeem itself. And were there ones that were also like reselling the humble bundle
keys and stuff like that? Was that them? The dollar keys? I want to say it was them. I don't
know. That's shady too, though. To register participation for this week's episode of Orange
Andradeo at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase SOFA. All right. Well, uh, let's move on to
something. Uh, I know I'm really looking forward to it because I love this series of games. Um,
and that's Diablo. And apparently, uh, there's rumblings that there is something new coming
out in the Diablo universe, which in a way is kind of a duh because, you know,
Blizzard just released Overwatch and they're, they've got Heroes of the Storm going and
Hearthstone, which, you know, they're still supporting those games. World of Warcraft
has an expansion that's just about to come out. So what's left? Starcraft and Diablo. Well,
Starcraft 2 just kind of, they just finished that trilogy, right? That, that last game, uh,
what the hell is it? There was the Heart of the Void Swarm. Wings of Liberty or something.
Whatever the last one. Starcraft something of something. That just came out not that long ago.
And so Diablo is kind of the game that hasn't seen a little love in a couple of years. Um,
because, well, they had the expansion for Diablo 3 or the game that fixed Diablo 3,
Reaper of Souls, but then that's kind of it. And if you've played the game and you beat,
uh, Reaper of Souls, you kind of know that the game is wide open for another expansion.
And so it seems very likely that this is going to happen, but, uh, apparently a Blizzard's
career page now has a job posting relating to the future of Diablo. It's a game director to lead the
quote, unannounced project for Diablo. It's just talking about leading the Diablo series into the
future. So it is showing up, uh, on their jobs page. They're definitely still recruiting for
Diablo's future. I think this is much more than just patches because they're still, I mean,
they're doing seasons in Diablo, they're doing patches, but you know, it's that, that, that's
starting to run out of steam. Like I love Diablo. I played this season long enough to get the banner
and the rewards. And then I stopped, like I haven't been hitting it as hard as I did some of
the previous seasons. So, um, I'm assuming it'll be another expansion and not a Diablo 4. Diablo
4 is going to take a lot of time, but, uh, we'll see. What if it's some sort of like competition
game since that's what all their games are now at this point? Well, I'd be, I don't see how Diablo
really works in that universe. They, they technically, there is a PVP mode in Diablo.
It's just, they kind of just threw it away. I mean, there's, you can't really do a lot with
it to be honest. Did they actually put anything you got put in it? You, you can enter, uh, with
a friend of yours and there's an MPC that you can talk to and you can go to a Coliseum where you can
like kick each other's butt, but that's it. Like there's no matchmaking. There's originally,
they said there was going to be an arena in Diablo. That's never happened. None of that's there.
There's just, you can go and you can BBB, but I think a good thing to put in the next expansion,
if that's what they're working on that, that might be it. Who knows? So, uh, we'll see.
I would assume though that there's going to be, you know, uh, a new act, a new class,
you know, uh, 10 more levels, all that stuff too. But yeah, we'll see. Shane, what do you have for
us? I have Pokemon. So, um, for the past few weeks, the Pokemon company has been teasing
that we were going to get some new news on July 1st, but some crazy thing happened. And, uh,
the morning, early, early morning of June 30th on YouTube, there were leaks for random Pokemon.
Couldn't tell if they were real or not, but they came from a Russian something or other,
cause it looked like, like a Russian ESRB sort of, uh, splash screen at the beginning,
but they were real. And so we got seven new Pokemon. We got a fish that looks like a drag
queen named Bruxish. We got an adorable, uh, bee fly named Cutiefly. We have an old grandpa dragon
named Drampa. We have the Pikachu clone for the new, uh, region, uh, Togedemaru. We have Grubbin's
evolution, uh, charge a bug, which looks like to me a bus. And I think it's adorable, but it's
apparently a battery, whatever. Uh, and that evolves into a Vic Viper looking thing from
Gradius called Vikavolt. Um, and then we also finally got the English names. Oh yeah,
the English names for the koala Pokemon called Komala and the puppy Pokemon called Rockruff.
And then finally we got a, um, what we kind of guess might be a legendary, um, for one of the
islands that you start on. Um, his name is, uh, Tapu Koko. It's awesome. I mean, the Vikavolt
thing seriously looks like Vic Viper from Gradius. It's really cool. Rockruff is a really cute name.
It's adorable. It's my, like, we didn't have any footage in what they gave us on, on the first,
but at the Hong Kong nationals, uh, they showed the first in-game footage of Komala and Rockruff,
and I will have all the plush toys of Rockruff possible. Now you, you said that there was like
a Pikachu clone in this game. What was the name of the Pikachu clone? Togedemaru. But it's not,
it's not Pikachu. No, every, um... It looks more like a Marill to me than a Pikachu. Every
generation has an electric Pokemon, like, in the same vein as Pikachu. So, and we had Pikachu in
the first generation. We had its pre-evolution in the second, Pichu. Then we had Plusle in
mine and in the third. We had Prachirisu in the fourth, Emolga in fifth, and then Dedenne in the
sixth, and now the Steel Electric. I think it's actually a Hedgehog. It has little spikes,
and it's a Steel Electric. It's super cute. I would like a plush toy of that as well.
Actually, there are a lot of these I want plush toys of. Not the Drag Queen Fish, though.
I'm okay with it, but it's kind of frightening, and, uh, I don't know.
Fifth Dream in chat at live.bogonetwork.com says,
Beautyfly and Cutiefly should get married. Do you ship Pokemon?
No. I was just curious. Well, ditto in everything when I'm making eggs.
When you made 5,000 oshawott in your quest to get a shiny one.
Yes, five years of hatching oshawott. So many people got winter coats because of that.
All right, we're going to travel around the world and check out some release dates and some games
that you can play a lot sooner than Shane can play Pokemon Sun and Moon.
Why would you have to rub that in?
Because it makes me feel better because you're mean.
All right, Loki, what's coming out of the US this week?
We have Fury, which is coming out on PC and PlayStation 4. It's also part of
the PlayStation Network, you know, the free games that you get for PlayStation Plus.
So that'll be coming out this week.
Mega Dimension Neptunia 7. That's on PC.
Romance of the Three Kingdoms 13 on PC and PlayStation 4.
The Banner Saga 2 is coming to PlayStation 4.
Inside on PC.
Carmageddon max damage on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
And Hawken on PlayStation 4.
Carmageddon's coming back?
Yeah, they got a new Carmageddon.
All right.
And it's very offensive to people because they've got, you know,
people in wheelchairs and stuff that you're destroying.
Wow.
All right.
Traveling over to Japan and checking out what's coming out on the PlayStation 4 over there.
This week on July 7th, you can get price reductions on Tales of Zestiria
and Sengoku Basara for Sumogari.
There is a new game called Shin Hairagami 2 comes out this week in Japan.
It looks like it might be like a mystery anime type of thing that is based on.
So that's what you have to look forward to on the PlayStation 4.
Uh, I don't believe the Wii U has anything this week.
Oh no, they are getting a, um, like a Splatoon bundle with the system in Japan.
It's like, I guess that's Splatoon, but it has the new Amiibo with it.
So that is...
I forgot that's coming out pretty soon.
Those Amiibo, aren't they?
In Japan, we're out this week.
One week?
Yes.
So that makes sense that we would be getting...
Squid Sisters and Recolors.
Very soon as well.
That Shin Hairagami 2 comes out on the PlayStation Vita as well.
And then lastly on the 3DS this week.
Ooh, Cold Sept Revolt comes out on the 3DS.
I...
This is one of those games that I really wish had done better in the US.
It's like a trading card game meets Monopoly.
I think these games are rad.
They're like, they're really hard to master and I'm really terrible at them,
but they're fun to play.
But I don't think the series did very well here.
So I highly doubt this game.
I'd have to import this game if I want to play it and play it on Shane's Japanese 3DS.
But since I can't read Japanese, I'm not going to do me a lick of good.
But if you're a Cold Sept...
And that's a Pokemon 3DS that only plays Pokemon, really.
So nothing else can go in there.
When he's not looking, I'll grab it and put Cold Sept in there.
It's also blue, so you have to pry it from my dead hand.
I tainted your 3DS with another game series.
All right, how about the UK?
I believe Flaco Jones is filling in for the UK releases this week.
Yeah, I got it right here.
The first game is a PC game I've never heard of called Bum Rush.
So that sounds weird.
Like maybe it's a sequel to that Raptor butt.
What I was going to say is the American version called Butt Rush because they call them bums.
Anyway, that's on July 6th and July 7th.
PC game Inside.
That's the Xbox game that we have over here, right?
Is it also on PC over here?
Everything is on Xbox and PC now, right?
Yeah, it was on PC over.
Yeah, anyway, I heard about that from Extifer actually, and he said it's really awesome.
I think he only played the beginning.
And then Lion's Song on PC, also July 7th.
All right, that's it for Europe.
That's it, that's all I got.
There's just a couple more stories for you guys,
then we're going to get to the classic game of the week.
But first, Loki.
All right, so we got some cool news regarding upcoming movies.
I'm pretty excited about the sequel, The Wreck-It Ralph,
which will be coming out in 2018.
And yeah, they haven't really said...
Oh, March 9th, 2018 is when that'll be coming out.
Nice to have that confirmed,
even though I think some of the voice actors had already spilled that they were working on it.
Right, yeah.
And then the live-action Minecraft movie has a release date now as well.
And that's coming out May 24th, 2019.
I still can't believe that's being directed by the guy from It's Always Sunny.
Yeah, yeah.
I don't know, like, I don't know that it sounds awesome.
It's Mac, it's Mac, yeah.
Yeah, it sounds incredibly awesome.
I just...
I'm curious to see what's going on.
I mean, Marvel gets a lot of guys that aren't necessarily super experienced at the big budget
movies.
I think it'll be great.
So Marvel gets to get a bunch of guys from TV to do their movies.
I just can't imagine a live-action Minecraft.
I have no idea.
But hey, you mean the live-out?
I think it's supposed to be CG.
Like, I thought it was supposed to be like a CG movie.
It probably has a lot of CG.
If they pulled off that Minecraft story mode, like, it's gonna be like that.
Minecraft story mode was, like, done with, like, in-game graphics.
Like, I can't imagine a live-action movie, like, with people.
I don't see that.
Like, it has to be, like, an animated movie.
Or, like, some kind of combination or something like that.
Speaking of which, I really want to see the Lego Batman movie when that comes out.
Yeah, that trailer was hilarious.
I love it.
All right, um...
Going back to Wreck-It Ralph 2 really quick.
Yeah, go for it.
Does anybody else, like, think it's kind of...
I mean, I haven't read any of the details on it.
But the image is him, like, over all these, like, internet parody sites.
Like, they have Google, but spelled with a U.
So is he just invading the internet?
Like, Google?
Is it not gonna be so...
Well, yeah, but it has, like, a thing over it.
I don't know.
Anyway, so, yeah, I was like, so is he just gonna be going...
Is it not really gonna be about gaming?
Is it just gonna be about him invading the internet?
Or is it gonna be on a gaming app?
Like, I don't know.
It's all browser games.
I just hope it doesn't get too far away from the video game thing.
I know the first movie kind of did that, but...
It could be more contemporary games, as opposed to, like, throwback references.
But, yeah.
Shiny, yay.
Well, they still were pretty contemporary.
I mean, they have, like, a Call of Duty-type parody and Mario Kart and that type of stuff.
True.
Yeah.
By the way, I'm surprised he didn't make me play the breaking news bumper.
No, because I was like, I have to say it now.
I didn't have time for a breaking news...
It's an Ivysaur, so it's cool.
Anyway, that was the only thing that kind of concerned me.
I was like, oh, I do want to see more Wreck-It Ralph,
but I hope it's not just, I don't know, him just invading different websites or whatever.
Did they announce who's, like, signed on for it so far?
I think it's the original cast that's coming back.
Like, all of them?
I guess there'd be, like, four real ones.
It's not a huge cast, but I'm pretty sure all the main, all the principles...
Yeah, Sarah Silverman doesn't have a TV show anymore.
She's, what's she doing?
Well, on the poster, it's him and Sarah Silverman's character, right?
So, I'm sure they got the two mains back.
And I'm sure they'll also get Jack McBrayer.
Yeah, what, 30 Rock's been cancelled for years?
What's he doing?
He just does Conan bits now.
Does he really? That's it?
He makes cameos as that same guy, like, for the rest of his life.
That's because he is that guy.
Jane Lynch, what she did, does she still host the Hollywood Game Night thing,
or did that cancel?
I stopped watching it, but I was watching it.
But I think that's still going.
I think they just drop it in whenever they got room on the NBC schedule,
because it's cheap to produce.
You'd think I'd be more excited about game shows making this huge comeback on TV,
and I guess I am.
But, you know, Sunday night is now when they've got Family Feud,
$100,000 pyramid match game are all on Sunday night.
And everything I'm hearing about match game is that it's really good.
I know I need to watch it.
I didn't watch it last week because all games are and stuff, but yeah.
Yeah, so anyway.
Well, maybe one reason I don't watch as much TV is because I'm watching live streaming.
And, you know, a lot of that is probably coming from Twitch.
But if you have ever streamed from your PlayStation 4,
you know that you have several options when it comes to live streaming.
You can stream.
You can do YouTube live as well now, right, on PlayStation 4.
Yes, you can.
Is Daily Motion live or is that just an export video thing?
I don't know.
But I don't think they have a live component.
Ustream is the other one that you can stream to, but not for much longer.
Sony is going to be revoking support for the Ustream service,
and that's going to end on August 1st, 2016.
So this means that you will no longer even be able to view the Ustream stuff
from live from PlayStation or the Vita or anything.
Does anyone still use Ustream?
I think that's probably why.
Well, yeah, there's no reason for the termination.
Maybe there's some contract agreement or something like that.
I wonder if it has to do with the fact that Ustream is the only network
that will accept the Playroom anymore.
And that's where...
Remember when PlayStation 4 streaming first started?
Playroom was hilarious when it first started.
That was where you would see the nastiest shit was on those Playroom streams.
Funniest.
And they're still kind of like trash if you go in there and look.
Come on, they're doing strange shit now on Twitch, too.
I read something where they're like watching people eat.
Yeah, that's funny.
What I learned from watching Playroom on there, other than the obvious stuff,
was that everybody that does that on there has a long couch.
One of those ones that does the corner couches that takes up the entire living room,
and they always have a big dog wing on it.
Every time, there's always a big long corner couch and a big old dog sitting on the end,
and there's whatever going on.
They're smoking and doing whatever.
I'll never forget the night I got the PlayStation 4,
and I think Shane was living here or something at the time,
and was like watching, we were just watching some of the streams,
and like some chick just took her top off, right?
And like, this is awesome.
Shane was just horrified.
And I was laughing so hard that I was like crying because I'm like,
oh my God, these people are drunk and they're going to regret this.
Yeah, people are always drunk, too.
I remember.
All right.
So yeah, no more you stream.
So sadly, this means the end of the play.
I feel like there ought to be like one more like great Ustream dumpster fire stream day.
Looks like that's on you, Rob.
On the last day of July.
Fire it up.
They should just offer streaming for the game or playroom to Chatterbait instead now.
You know, you think Pornhub ought to get on this, right?
I'm sure Sony wants that partnership.
I mean, I know.
I'm assuming.
What doesn't Pornhub have?
They do have a lot of affiliate sites.
They probably own them.
I mean, I think the most hilarious thing I saw was that screenshot from
Pornhub that said something like hot British blonde fucks 15 million people all at once.
And it's that guy talking about the Brexit.
That was funny.
Anyway, let's let's you know what?
Let's go to a simpler time.
Let's take a step back into a time when we didn't we didn't have streaming pornography.
If you wanted to if you wanted pornography, you had to wait for like
the lingerie catalogs to get delivered in the mail or a dirty magazine because there
was no such thing as streaming pornography.
It's a simple time where we take a step back and look at a classic video game.
And usually Dark Sakura will step into the gaming vault and find a game that she thinks
is worthy of your attention.
However, she's not here this week.
So we have an OLR first, I believe.
I don't think this has ever been done before.
We have a joint choice for Classic Game of the Week between Flaco, Jones and Shane have
both yet.
And I'll have you know that I did petition for a certain game, but was unfortunately
denied despite the fact that we had a perfect scenario here.
So blame it on all them.
Tough.
What is the classic game of the week?
Flaco and Shane.
We didn't even rehearse how we're going to do.
No, we really didn't talk.
So you go, Shane.
I talked last on UK.
So, OK, I'll say the name of the title.
Totally rad for the Nintendo Entertainment System.
Oh, there's the music from 1990 Japan and in Europe in 1991 in North America.
Yeah.
I like how the release date, at least on the wiki, says that Europe just got it in 1990.
It's not more specific.
Yeah, that's funny.
Sometime in 1990, they got it.
This nebulous year.
All right.
So what are we talking about?
I don't know.
I first found out about this game on Games Done Quick.
And I think it was Awful Games Done Quick.
Did I say that we should watch it?
Because this is a game from my.
We always watch the Awful Games Done Quick.
And you had actually said you played this game.
Yeah, yeah.
This is a game from my childhood.
I played the heck out of this game when I was younger.
And I remember it being really fun.
But my memory was clearly tainted.
Or I was just remembering the dialogue.
Because when we watched it on Awful Games Done Quick, it was pretty awful.
It's a terrible game.
But the cutscenes alone, I think Rob's watching them right now, are so hilarious.
It's what makes it a classic game.
So we don't have to respect the guys giving the week this week.
You can all rip on it and say how terrible it is.
Yeah, it's not a good game.
We are literally picking this because it is a funny, funny, funny dialogue.
Dark Soccer does not always pick games that she thinks are good.
That's true.
She just thinks they're noteworthy.
Yes.
So you can go for this game.
Maybe you guys should read some dialogue.
Well, no, we'll do that.
Yeah, let's talk about what it is.
Talk about what it is and you can describe it.
So it's just a somewhat typical side scroller.
You play as Jake in the American version.
And basically, you know this crazy magician guy who's training you to use magic.
And all of a sudden, your girlfriend gets kidnapped.
And other people get kidnapped.
And you're on a quest to save them all.
In Japan, it was called Magic John.
I don't know why we didn't keep that name.
It's pretty good.
I'm going to assume it has to do with the basketball player Magic Johnson, who they
didn't want confusion.
I don't know.
I just thought it's not a magic toilet.
I guess that would make sense why they would change it.
Just a lucky guess.
And he is learning magic in the game, in the plot of the game.
Yeah.
From Zebediah, who has a P on his hat.
Yeah.
Which stands for Zebediah.
Yeah.
To Zebediah, the P-acyllic.
And it's not a very good game.
You get different power-ups, so you can become like an eagle thing.
You can become like a lion thing.
It's not good.
Yeah.
It's like a bad kind of Mega Man-ish rip-off.
It really does look like shit.
Like, it gets worse.
Because you're just looking at the first stage.
Yeah.
It gets way, way worse.
But some of the designs are hilarious.
There's this punk popcorn boss thing.
It's a stick of corn that's in a late 80s, early 90s biker gang.
It's got a mohawk and piercings.
But it is a big ear of corn.
And this guy right now that's on the video, he's throwing pizzas at you.
I don't know what they are.
Maybe they're supposed to be boulders.
I'm sure the Japanese game makes a lot more sense.
Because they did not translate it word for word.
Instead of getting a story, I'm guessing the Japanese had.
They kind of stuck with the premise.
But all the dialogue is in surfer lingo and late 80s speak.
And it is so funny.
Sorry to interrupt, but here it is.
This is the best line in the game.
Jake, they're like, stealing me or something.
And that's the female damsel in this dress after she gets kidnapped.
She says, Jake, they're like, stealing me or something.
There are so many best lines in this game.
That's the best line.
They're like, stealing me or something.
Wait, wait, wait.
I'm going to count it.
Because there's a game.
Jake was attacked by surprise.
Which is like, oh, surprise is attacking me.
There is a fact on Game Facts that just has the dialogue.
So something that I really like.
Let me pull it up here.
And the music right now while you're pulling that up.
I love this music the most.
Can you turn this up just a little?
It's like a weird twist on the circus theme.
Well, that doesn't sound the same as what I heard yesterday.
Anyway, it was more like, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo.
Good job, Flago.
I know.
I blew that one.
But I swear it was different when I listened to it the other day.
So this is the dialogue in Act 2-3 according to the fact I'm reading.
And I remember this dialogue.
I just don't know if that's the right way to categorize it.
So the characters are Jake and Allison.
So it looks like you've already rescued Allison.
So here's what she says.
Jake, I'm like, really nervous.
Because I think that that typo is in the game.
Like, my dad tried to save me.
And now they've got him too.
I don't know what they've done with him.
Jake, no way.
He's the gnarliest professor on the coast.
So it's your dad they really want, Allison.
Jake, I kind of want my dad back, you know?
Jake, that's totally understandable.
Wow, how about if I save him?
He's such a take charge hero.
I really respect that about him.
So good.
I mean, I love this game and the cutscene so much.
This is like, if you follow me on Twitter,
at Flaco Jones, this is my avatar is Jake from Totally Rad.
And my name is like Totally Flaco on there.
So this is like actually the showgirls of video games, it seems.
Probably.
Maybe.
It's so bad.
Because the dialogue's so shitty.
Excuse me, we just talked about how great it was.
Well, you don't know shit.
Also, one thing to mention.
Weirdly enough, when they brought it over also,
um, the character models in the,
I guess what you would call cutscenes, look different.
So in the Japanese one, they're very like Japanese animation style.
But in the American one, I'm guessing in the European one,
that's really sometime in 1990, according to legends,
they redid them to look older.
And it's, I guess, just like typical, like, like Allison looks like,
you know, kind of like she talks like a valley girl.
She kind of looks like the typical valley girl.
I don't know about Jake though, his hair's kind of weird.
I don't know what he's supposed to look like.
I think it's almost like because it's drawing so much,
it's almost like they combined Bill and Ted into one person.
Yeah, yeah, I would say that's an accurate representation.
Oh, there's the corn cob guy.
Yeah, see, he is an ear of corn that is also like in a biker gang.
He's got little tight pants on.
It's great.
And high heels.
I think this might, it might be a feminine character, actually.
I don't know.
No, it's wearing like a vest and nothing else.
What? I don't want to, I don't want to sit here and try to decide.
Why?
Were there any of the great lines you can remember?
I know like there was a point where, yeah, yeah, yeah.
They, the professor and Allison just show up out of nowhere.
And Jake's like, how did you get here?
And they're like, oh, we took the Hollywood freeway.
Are they in a spaceship or something?
They're underground.
They're underground.
But in the original game, I believe they're in a spaceship.
That's the other thing.
It's kind of funny.
They say they're underground.
It's like, there's really like aliens and stuff involved.
And it's great.
And at the end, when Zebediah leaves you, he says, Jake, you've been most excellent.
By now, you know, I'm one of the underground people.
I don't know if this is a typo.
A doggy.
I don't know.
That was the bad guy.
Yeah.
Has been destroyed.
So I'm going back, back to my own people, back to my own world.
You've been a totally decent apprentice.
Maybe we can do lunch sometime.
Later, dude.
And then Jake's like Zebediah, dude.
Oh yeah.
And Alison constantly like locks herself in the trunk.
Because she's learning magic as like, like almost like a magician's assistant locking
herself in a trunk.
Yeah.
And then he talks about like copacetic.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
He's like talking here.
He's like, it's totally tranquil, Alison.
I love this game.
So yeah, I think that's, I think that's about it.
Yeah, that's really it.
Everybody should go like, you know, watch a let's play.
What?
No, they should watch the AGDQ version.
Yeah, because they actually, they called it cut scene percentage on AGDQ.
So they didn't, even though it was a speed run, they left all the cut scenes intact so
you could watch them.
They kind of read along with it.
Yeah, they do.
Yeah.
So there's kind of like a laugh track going on.
It's fun.
It's funny.
I would recommend people watch that because the actual gameplay stuff they get through
quickly and then the cut scenes, they read them.
And you can see how bad the game is because they, they like point out like where like
it just drops to like one frame a second.
Basically it's, this is a bad game.
It's a classic classic game of the week.
Totally rad, which is totally bad.
And that makes me totally sad.
Again, you weren't listening to anything we said.
No, it's bad as in good.
Cause that's what they said back then.
That's right.
I can reread that dialogue, Shane.
All right.
We're going to take a quick break, but when we come back, there is more news to come.
And there's also some rapid fire news and some emails as well.
When we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio right after this.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio live tonight, July the 3rd of 2016 with episode
number 648 of our show already in progress, joined in studio tonight by our pals, Flaco
Jones and Shane here in studio.
Of course, myself and Loki not here tonight, Dark Sakura, you know, something I forgot
to talk about during my gaming week that I did play this week.
Cause I talked about how I went to round one again this week and I was kind of like, Oh,
music games.
I'm like 25 again.
This is so fun.
But one of my pals, um, actually owns at her house, a dance maniacs machine and which was
the classic game of the week.
Like last week or two weeks ago, last week was, was actually dance maniacs.
So I actually got to play that game again last week.
And you know, you know what my impression was after I played the game.
I want one of those machines.
Like, I think that is the Bemadi machine I want to have in my house.
And to be honest, those are really cheap too.
I can't, you gotta help me find one Loki.
Cause I don't even know where I can find one right now, but that's, I just joined the Facebook
group that I'm on and they put all sorts of stuff up there.
They list all the different Craigslist ads.
Maybe I'll do that.
Alan's in the kitchen.
Alan, can you, can you not wait for me to buy a dance maniacs machine to put in this
house somewhere?
He just gave a very fake.
I still want a DDR machine.
I know there is no way the wife's gonna allow that to happen.
No, you'll never, you'll never get one of those.
You could store it here though.
Just put a blanket over it.
She'll never know.
She will know cause she goes in the garage.
But like, um, or at least I've rebuilt my pants.
I have stuff like I bought sheet metal like years ago at this point to redo them.
And I have like parts for it, but I just never got around to it.
I was going to move my arcade cabinet to the garage too.
Well, you know, what's also interesting is that she also owns the, um, para para machine
that used to be at arcade infinity years ago, years and years ago that they, they own it
now.
Um, so I thought that was pretty cool.
And they, they did something, they switched something in it.
So it doesn't run off a hard drive anymore.
It runs off a flash card.
And so it loads like instantly, like it's like way faster than those machines used to
be.
So it's kind of interesting how some of the advances in technology actually affect these
arcade games from like 15 years ago.
It's kind of, kind of awesome.
So yeah, now I'm on that kick where I'm like, I could, I could buy an arcade game for the
house.
I'm worth it.
Right.
I can get my baby Pac-Man machine someday.
Cause I always said I would buy that machine at some point.
So we'll see, um, going to our chat over at live.vognetwork.com, um, act deft, uh, saying
dark soccer would be sad because rageinator clearly didn't know, uh, the classic game
of the week last week.
Uh, and uh, yeah, Akuma JP saying, oh, it's 4th of July here.
So it's, it's early cause he's over in Japan.
So it's early 4th of July there.
Uh, probably not the day off like everybody has here tomorrow.
It's kind of, I don't have the day off.
Well, sucks to be you.
Uh, yeah, me too.
Uh, I had a four day weekend.
That's fine.
I'll just get paid basically double time and a half.
So whatever, whatever.
Um, one other thing I want to bring up, speaking of like money type stuff, uh, steam sales
still going on.
And during the break, we were briefly talking about it because Loki was like, when's that
thing over?
And it is over 10 o'clock AM our time on the 4th.
So it's pretty much in its last hours.
There's probably like 14 hours left in the sale.
Uh, I have yet to buy a game in the sale, which is kind of surprising for me, but I
feel like everything that's on my wishlist that I'm considering buying is like, it would
be nice to have.
But then I look at my gaming backlog and I'm like, uh, you got to play that stuff first.
You, you literally just got grand theft auto five and fallout four for plays.
Like you don't need to buy more fucking steam games right now.
Pokemon.
Yeah.
See, then I have to hear that too.
If I end up buying grim Dawn or one of those games that's on my list that I actually want
to play.
So I, yeah, I keep buying stuff anyways.
Like some things like are really cheap and it's just impulse buys.
Like, especially when stuff gets down to like $10 on PlayStation four or something like
that, it's like, you know, I want to play need for speed or dragon Asian acquisition.
I probably won't get around to it right away, but I went ahead and purchased those anyways
cause they were cheap.
So why not?
Well, we'll see.
We'll see if I can go 14 more hours without making a purchase or if I finally crack and
buy something tonight.
Although to be fair, dark Sakura bought me the shower with your dad simulator game because
it was not even a dollar.
And so that was a part of the steam sale.
She bought me for my birthday, but she also bought me, I should mention this, the steam
controller.
Um, and I just picked that up yesterday, so I haven't been able to play a game with it
yet, but I've just been kind of like touching the controller and I kind of like it, but
it appears I'm the only one in studio that really likes the controller.
Okay.
It's, it's neat, I guess.
Not if I just would have to try it out.
I mean it, I don't know.
It's different.
Yeah.
I don't want to, I don't want to give like a final say until I actually play some games
with it, but I like, I like the way it feels.
I like the big disc great.
I liked all the buttons.
It's very clicky.
I just, I mean, I'm just not sure about those giant pads and it's nice that it still has
the analog stick and the regular buttons on it too, but they're very pushed to the inside
because of the giant, like touch pads.
And so that part isn't super comfortable.
I'd be curious to see how it could, I think it'd be kind of neat.
I mean, it just, I just have to see how it plays out in the game.
Well, it's kind of a really nice feel to it.
I like it a lot.
All right.
We are going to be welcoming your phone calls this segment as well, a little later, not
just yet, but you can give us a call on Skype, orange lounge radio.
All one word is our username on Skype.
That's orange lounge radio.
If, um, you know, if you're using, uh, Skype on your computer, as opposed to a smartphone
or something like that, you might want to call echo one, two, three first to make sure
your connection works.
Before you give us a call, we'll be opening that up on about 30 to 45 minutes, but first
we have some news to get through.
We'll start with Loki.
Um, yeah, so this was something that's been teased to be coming out for a while now.
Um, at least people finding different retail list listings and whatnot, but, um, now they
finally announced that the BioShock, uh, collection will be coming out and it's going to be BioShock
one, two, and infinite, and that's going to be coming out pretty soon here.
Uh, they were going to be remastering BioShock one and two, and what's kind of a nice, um,
and I think they did this with Skyrim, you know, or they will be doing this with Skyrim
when it comes out later on this year.
Um, if you already own BioShock one and two, you get that free remaster or you get a free
remaster once these come out.
So that's going to be pretty awesome.
Um, the only thing it does not have is the multiplayer from BioShock two.
So they're not going to be bringing that, but who gives a shit?
Yeah.
I said all single player DLC and I think that's all.
And I never played the Minerva's den for BioShock two, which I never did that.
And I never finished the, the one burial at sea for BioShock infinite, which it was really
good, but I just, I moved the PS3 to the back bedroom TVs and I was nice back there.
So I never finished it.
I never finished two.
I just didn't get really drawn in.
Two is really good towards the end.
Like I know it's kind of repetitive early on, but two gets really good.
The last like third of the game is amazing.
Yeah.
So that'll be coming out later, um, on PlayStation four, Xbox one and PC again.
Um, but like I said, you know, a night might be a good idea since if maybe you're not interested
in purchasing this all over again and say you own infinite and not the other two, I
bet the other two are on sale right now in the steam store.
So if you want to get that on PC, now might be the time to do that.
You get that free upgrade.
So I want this on PS4, I'm very excited that it's coming out.
Yeah.
I'd like to play through BioShock one again.
Infinite was great.
Infinite was good.
I never played one cause it scared me.
I did.
And I own one and two on PS3 like cause they were PlayStation plus games I think at some
point.
They were all PlayStation plus games.
Infinite was too?
Infinite was too.
Yeah.
That's hilarious.
That's why I bought a burial at sea cause I'd only originally rented infinite, but then
when it was free, I bought it.
I mean, I didn't buy it.
I downloaded it and then I bought the DLC cause I'm like, well, I should buy the DLC
since they're giving it to me for free and uh, but I still never finished it.
All right.
And then, um, let's see here on top of that, if you're not looking to necessarily purchase
new games, but you have a subscription to either PlayStation plus or Xbox live, um,
gold, you can look forward to some new games this month.
So starting off with, um, Xbox live, you're going to be getting, um, let's see in the
beginning of the month, the bear saga two on Xbox one and tumbles.
Let's see.
That's going to be the first half of month or actually the whole month, July 1st through
July 31st and then tumble stone will be July 16th through August 15th.
That's weird how they kind of offset those and then Xbox three 60 you'll be getting rainbow
six Vegas two for the first half of the month and try on evolution for the second half of
the month.
And remember those are going to be backwards compatible as well with the Xbox one.
So I don't have yet to play Toronto evolution, but I think I have the disc on three 60.
This was kind of interesting that it's coming out now for, actually I think I have it on
PlayStation, not three 60 because I borrowed it from you and I beat it.
Oh, there you go.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
No, I have it on PlayStation.
Yeah.
It was actually pretty fun.
I mean, it wasn't great, but it was fun to play for free on PlayStation plus.
Um, as I mentioned in our games that are coming out this week, fury is a game that's coming
out, which looks pretty fantastic.
So definitely check that out.
I'm also on PlayStation four gain saints row got out of the hell.
So if you played through, you know, saints row four and that type of stuff and you're
looking for another game, it was all right.
I played through the whole thing.
Um, it's different.
I guess at least it was a new map.
So I give them that.
But you know, it's basically just another re-skin of saints row the third.
I had a quick question on that one for people that might know better.
Is that, so that's just a standalone, you know, it is a standalone game, but they never
made four free.
Did they, or they did on Xbox, funny enough, um, saints row, saints row for you was a free
on, on Xbox, saints row four was, um, maybe he's on PS three.
It was free or something.
It was on, it was free for, it was on PS three.
I know at one time, I think I know it's in my library.
I purchased the bundle together because they had got out of hell and saints row four remastered.
So that was something that was being sold.
I was hoping it was the collection together, but it's still just a standalone, just a standalone
game, um, which is fine.
Maybe they'll do that another month.
It'll be saints row four or something, but got a hell is not bad.
I mean, I check it out.
It's, you know, it's free.
Um, so aside from PlayStation four though, they have call Juarez bound in blood on PS
three fat princess on PS three and then on the Vita, um, or a Sheikah or was it array
Sheikah Sheikah, uh, tainted bloodlines and Prince of Persia revelation.
So those would be for July and finally a doom is getting an update.
That's right.
The brand new doom.
And one of the cool things that they're adding to that is the gun placement will be in the
center of the screen or classic doom weapon placement mode.
They have that.
So that's kind of neat.
It kind of a little bit of a throwback there.
They've also added photo mode to the game as well so you can take pictures of stuff.
Cool.
That might be one of those games.
I try the steam controller with cause I have do you know, photo modes, one of the things
you can do in grand theft auto, you can take selfies and stuff and take pictures of your
camera phone in there.
Awesome.
You can like murder somebody and take a picture of the corpse and they have all the like tumbler
filters and everything in there, like all sorts of cool stuff.
All right.
I'll get to that eventually.
I enjoyed what I played.
It's just, you know, unfortunately, uh, if the game hadn't taken like 20 hours to install,
that is unfortunate, but yeah, it'll be worth it though.
The game was fantastic.
Uh, let's, uh, talk about metal slug because it seems like, boy, these games get re-released
all the time and uh, sure enough, here comes another release of metal slug.
The metal slug anthology is coming to the PlayStation four.
It's part of the PlayStation two classics that will be available on PlayStation four
that is being released on Tuesday.
Uh, so you can check that out.
And there's also a Vita PSP version that you can get for $20 that has already been out.
But this, uh, this anthology that has the first six games and metal slug X, uh, that
was out for PS2, the Wii and PlayStation portable in 2007, uh, that is going to be, uh, coming
out this Tuesday.
So for you metal slug fans, uh, hooray, get excited.
Uh, also as mentioned in the opening by Jason, uh, dance, dance revolution, a or ACE, uh,
is, uh, going to be apparently coming out pretty soon.
Um, United States based round one locations are going to get DDR ACE this month.
Uh, apparently Dave and busters will also be getting this game.
Uh, they are saying that it was as of July 1st making its way out to the stores.
So Dave and busters may be starting to install these games already as they are making their
way from, uh, the Los Angeles port where these things are delivered.
Uh, so you can check that out.
Uh, apparently there will be more information on EMUs and what to look forward to with all
that later this week.
So next time we go to round one, Shane, they'll probably have DDR ACE there, which probably
won't play it now, which I don't know what's in it that it will be very exciting, but it
will, you never know.
There might be, there might be a new smile, DK song I hadn't heard yet.
So we'll see.
I, I will pass on that when I go back to round one.
Is the new thing they're adding pachinko slots?
No, I don't, I think music games are like one of the few things that Konami oddly enough
after all these years and all the shit we've given them about missteps in the past, the
music game seems to be kind of the one thing that they're kind of like, they're still gung
ho for.
Yeah.
They're kind of not fucking with the formula there.
So, and, and they have newer, like they have this sound voltex and music, like they're
doing new things with it.
So it's kind of hard to complain, I suppose, uh, street fighter five, which, you know,
just recently had the story mode patch has had a deep discount, no, not deep discount,
but discount enough for a new game on steam.
And I think on a recent PlayStation sale, they really want you to buy street fighter
five.
Well, uh, no more and more eyes are going to be on street fighter five.
That's because on Sunday, July 17th, ESPN two is going to be televising Evos street
fighter five world championship.
And that's going to be at seven o'clock Pacific on Sunday, July 17th.
Again, that's live from Mandalay Bay where Evo is happening.
So, um, that's pretty exciting that it's going to have that type of coverage on television.
It's not even on the Ocho.
No, it is not on the Ocho.
It's on ESP.
It's on the dose.
Number two.
Uh, let's see.
We have a couple on the number two.
Which I don't, some fighting game fans kind of feel that street fighter five is number
two, but that's, some people also really like it.
So we'll see.
All right.
Uh, we got a couple more stories here.
I think Shane first.
Yep.
So, uh, poke in tournament in Japan, uh, they have an arcade version of it and on July 20th,
they are getting, um, some characters we already have on the Wii U version.
They're getting Garchomp, Brakeson and shadow Mewtwo.
However, they are also getting a brand new character.
It's going to be a real full-fledged character, not just like support.
Um, there is rumors, uh, of who it could be because the Wii U had an update that had some
files data mined.
So right now people believe it's either going to be Scizor, um, Darkrai or Empoleon, uh,
but we're not sure.
And we will find out, uh, on July 14th, um, through a live stream on NicoNico if you're
in Japan.
I'm sure it'll leak to the web everywhere.
So you can probably expect that character to become DLC for the Wii U one.
It is very interesting how Pokken will bring a lot of these lesser known Pokemon to people's
attention other than like the base 151.
You know what I mean?
Thank God.
I was expecting it to be possibly somebody from the new generation, but, and before I
heard the whole, Oh, we data mined these things here.
So I'd be fine with either of those three.
My gut, if it is one of those three is it's going to be Scizor, but I would prefer Empoleon
or Darkrai.
Do you think maybe one of those is the fighter and then the other two are like a new support
bracket that's coming out?
I guess it could, but out of those three, I would only see really maybe Darkrai being
a support character, but stranger things have happened.
I guess, uh, we'll find out on the 14th.
All right.
Uh, Flaco, how about you?
Yeah.
Uh, let's see here.
The Nintendo, my Nintendo is adding new rewards and discounts to their whatever you'd call
it, like refresh service.
It's you know, it's the old way you would open up the package and you have like a code
in there and you'd put it in and you get the, you get free stuff.
Now it's based on what you buy.
The problem I have with it is like, I've been supporting the Wii U pretty well, so I have
most of these games already.
And the, the one thing that kind of stood out to me is I'm not going to read down this
whole list.
We can go check them out, you know, somewhere, but uh, no free game for silver.
This time.
Last time they had that one pick cross game.
I don't have a 3DS.
I didn't get to play it anyway, but they had that this time.
The only free ones are, are with gold coins, uh, Metroid 2, 3DS, Wario Land 3, 3DS, Super
Mario 3 Wii U, Donkey Kong 3, 3DS, Super Mario Kart Wii U, Virtual Console and Mario Kart
8 DLC pack one.
So those are all the ones that are free and then there's a bunch of discounts too.
But again, most of the stuff I already own or just don't care about and I feel like the
service is really going to shine when the next system comes out.
It's just weird that they implemented it while the Wii U is pretty much done.
You get this for buying new games, by the way, there's no new games coming up and like
you get it by buying digitally.
Well if you have a Wii, that's kind of hard sometimes.
Yeah, yeah, and it's only for digitally.
So if you go buy disc games and say you really want to get Mario and Sonic at the Olympics
on disc, you're not going to get any points for it.
I think it was launched more for Miitomo's benefit.
Yeah.
So once more these mobile games.
So what do you do with Miitomo?
Cause I see the coins.
They have like a separate thing from Miitomo.
They count as silver coins.
They still count as silver coins, but silver coins only get you discounts in that one game
they gave out the first time.
So you can earn that with Miitomo.
And they have a couple of crappy themes.
So what do you get platinum coins from?
Well, I guess from doing little quests and stuff, like if you go to the My Nintendo website,
there's hidden things.
There's like a, there's like a question.
There's like a coin block at the bottom.
If you tap on it, you'll get some coins from that.
But those are, those are still silver coins.
That's the thing though.
Those are silver.
I thought you said.
Oh, platinum?
No, yeah.
There's no platinum.
There's no platinum anymore.
It's just gold or silver.
Sorry.
I thought I had platinum and gold.
It was like gold slash platinum.
I think I'm logging in right now.
I think platinum and silver are the same thing.
It's just we're calling them different things here in the room.
There's Miitomo.
There's Miitomo coins.
There's silver coins.
And gold.
And gold.
That's it.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah.
There's no platinum.
Platinum was in the old way.
Yeah.
I missed.
They need an app or something for that thing because like I can't remember the login on
their stupid website for it.
Yeah.
You just have to go to the web.
Mobile web works fine.
It works fine on mobile web.
It's a good thing.
Yeah.
Sometimes it doesn't work the same on here as it does on my PC though.
Like I can't, I don't get a lot of the secrets on mobile that I would on PC.
Interesting.
I've noticed.
My little guy is holding a question block.
Okay.
Rapid fire.
So next story.
Oh, sorry.
Well, I was just gonna say, I really wish we could just have Club Nintendo back.
I really do not like my Nintendo whatsoever.
But I think this will be better when the next system comes out.
Yeah.
I'll wait for edX before I-
But I want like physical cool goods like you got from Club Nintendo.
That was so neat.
Yeah, that was true.
That was kind of cool.
I still use like five pouches.
I'd prefer games but-
I don't know.
I got way more free games with Club Nintendo than I could ever get or even want to get
from this one.
Yeah.
So it's kind of sad.
The rewards are not as good here.
And they'll get better when the next system comes out.
The story I really want to talk about at the next one, the final Splatfest has been announced.
I'm sad.
And I know it's going to be Callie versus Marie.
Also sad.
And I think everybody made the same like summation I did when they wrapped up the previous Splatfest
and they kind of ended it with, you know, well, next time we're playing for keeps.
I didn't know it meant the last one.
I just thought, oh, because their amiibo are coming out.
So the final Splatfest will be Callie versus Marie, but they'll do more after that.
But no, they've announced like, this is it.
This is the final Splatfest, which is like, how hard is it to just put two topics up like
once every two months and pick two colors, like, is it really that much to code?
But I guess it is.
And the team is obviously working on a Splatoon 2 or a Splatoon remaster for the next Nintendo
system.
So maybe that's when Splatfest will come back if there's like a remaster, obviously a sequel.
So it's a little sad to see it going away, but I'm excited to play it.
I still don't know which team to pick.
It's like, uh, with, well, it's going to be purple and green, right?
Yeah.
Purple.
Easy.
That's it.
I thought you like greens.
My favorite color.
I don't like the, I don't like the green.
And I don't like the green and splatoon neon yellow.
It's not green.
I like, like dark green forest green.
Fine.
I like, I like a lot of shades of green, but not like baby poop green.
Yeah.
I don't understand why they use that.
It's neon.
It's I think they even literally call it the game neon green.
It's like, oh, it's gross.
Looks more like neon yellow to me.
So yeah, I don't know which team I'm going.
I think I'm going to go Marie cause she's kind of mean.
Yeah.
She's the sassy one.
That's for sure.
Uh, Callie's one more splat fest.
She's one.
Ooh, gosh.
I don't know.
Like over 50% of them definitely.
She's one.
I think she's won a huge market.
I think Marie.
Wait.
Yeah.
I think Marie is only one, like five in North America and I think just as many in Japan.
So fucking Marie, I'm excited though.
I just, I really love splatoon and I, it's going to be sad to see splat fest go, but
at least I don't have to play till like, don't the amiibos unlock splat fest mode or something
like, or the splat fest.
They just do songs.
Yeah.
They just perform songs and like a concert stage or something.
Yeah.
But I love their songs, so I'm happy about that and I'm definitely getting this amiibo
when they come out.
I think on the eighth, sometime next week, I don't know, maybe 12th.
All right.
Well, sadly my dumb ass forgot to do a Fugu question of the week this week, but that's
okay because we're running a little long.
I might need to outsource that segment to somebody else cause um, it's, I keep, I haven't
been slipping too much lately, but you know what, somebody else can start posting.
I wonder why it might be an age thing.
It is.
It is.
It's old.
Yeah.
Super old.
I hope, I hope, uh, Julian's ready to take over the show soon cause I might not make
it.
We'll see.
All right.
Uh, so we do have some more news stories though, a little more long form.
We do have the mailbag FUs of the week still coming up as well.
And then, uh, we also are going to get to your calls at orange launch radio on Skype,
but first Loki.
All right.
So we've been kind of covering the saga of Vivendi trying to take over Gameloft and Ubisoft.
So now, um, Gameloft has announced that the new executive or new CEO is going to be, um,
coming from Vivendi and let's see.
They are going to basically be adding five of their own, um, executives to, I guess,
the shareholders group or their publishing board.
Um, so they've got, you know, four, five members from Vivendi and yeah, I don't know.
Basically just trying to complete their takeover.
They basically own, uh, 95.77% of Gameloft's voting rights.
So yeah, that hostile takeover is kind of happened.
I'm curious to see what's going to happen with Ubisoft though, because now they've got
Gameloft is like, how, how far away is that?
And can they really get less or more terrible?
I mean, I don't know if that's something you really want to, uh, question that can actually
happen.
You did see their press conferences E3 this year, right?
Watch all our students.
Okay.
I give them that.
Don't really give a shit about the rest of it.
And the South Park game.
Oh, and the South Park game is going to be fantastic.
That last South Park game was awesome.
Seriously, go play that if you have not played it yet.
Uh, William Murderface in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com suggests they could acquire
Zynga.
That sounds like it could get worse.
Yeah, I guess, I guess so.
All right.
Uh, let's, let's do some Twitch news because there are some updates on the Twitch fronts.
In fact, one of them, I think Loki kind of referenced earlier.
Uh, there is a new category on Twitch, which is watching people eat.
That's right.
It's a new category called social eating and, uh, you can watch people eat.
That is a fucking, I am blaming fucking millennials for this shit.
I'm sorry.
This is such...
Okay, grandpa, why?
It's stupid.
It is absolutely stupid.
Listen, I get it that you want to be, you know, social with your shit and you want to
share everything that you're doing because you're so fucking entitled that you feel that
everybody gives a shit about that.
I mean, like, it's bad enough that you take pictures of the food you eat and shit and
my wife is fucking guilty of this shit and I call her out on that and I'm like, what
the fuck are you doing?
Just eat that fucking food.
Anyways, but fucking live streaming yourself eating food.
The only excuse I would give to this, if you're fucking building a hamburger that's
the size of like a couch or something, you know, a la epic meal time, that is okay shit
to fucking stream, but I don't give a shit about you eating your fucking mac and cheese.
For what it's worth, it seems like that actually may be the case is this is, this is really
born out of a trend of people eating a lot and apparently it may be actually South Korea's
fault because this is actually something that gets a big audience in South Korea where they
call it mukbang and I'm probably mispronouncing that, but, uh, you have a host who eats a
lot of food and you can see this gallon, this live stream has about seven different dishes
in front of her that she's currently eating while she just talks with the audience.
So she knows it's impolite to talk with your mouth full of this is what I'll allow because
this is, I, this goes back to like a fourth of July tradition for me.
I will allow competitive eating is this, does it talk about competitive eating?
So my fourth of July tradition, which is coming up tomorrow, is I always watch the Nathan's
famous hot dog eating contest every morning at nine o'clock on ESPN, just like, you know,
all these great sporting events.
Like, uh, what'd we talk about?
Uh, Evo Evo.
Yeah.
Stuff like that.
And, uh, here's the storm or the dorm and, uh, yeah.
So I get to watch, uh, somebody, someone took down Joey chest out last year, so I'm super
excited tomorrow to watch that.
So if it's competitive eating on Twitch, I'll watch that.
I'm sure, sure.
Joey chest with the Twitch account now.
I don't think it is.
I just think it's people that he's more like foodstagram.
I think it's, it's more of just like people go because don't get me wrong.
I don't have a problem with you streaming that stuff mainly on YouTube, I think is a
better format of that.
But like, I guess it's just people will watch, you know, what they'll watch on there and
whatever becomes popular.
That's what it is.
I don't think it's a thing, but then again, people watch Bob Ross forever on there and
it was really fun to watch.
Bob Ross was fucking awesome.
He's so fucking awesome.
The chat made that.
And, and, and I, and I still watch it on Netflix now that it's on there.
I enjoy that.
My kids love it.
It's fantastic.
I'm glad to be able to share that with them, but I don't give a fucking shit about people
eating food.
I would never want to broadcast myself eating food.
That's stupid.
Even if I have a lot of food and trust me, all the meals I make for myself are usually
pretty large.
Loki does eat a lot.
Uh, look in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com William Murderface getting a little heated
saying, uh, blame it on gluttons all you want, but that blaming millennial shit is bullshit.
But to be fair, you said your wife does this shit too, and she's not a millennial.
So you're, you're blaming more.
You're blaming Instagram, foodstagram culture is what it is.
I'm blaming people that are way too involved in social media.
Like they want to share everything about their lives.
And trust me, not everything about your life is fucking interesting.
I know that social media, that's why I'm very minimally on Facebook.
I'm very minimally on Twitter.
It's usually to complain about something.
And that's usually the Twitter's for complaining about video games and talking about video
games.
Facebook is for sharing pictures of my kids when my wife tells me to upload a picture
of my kids.
That's usually what it's for.
It's all right.
Look, I have other Twitch news that maybe it'll be less controversial, maybe more.
I don't know.
But there's a new thing that's being experimented with, with some of the top streamers on Twitch
right now.
And what you can do, you can get this currency called bits.
And you use these bits in a feature called cheering.
So you buy the bits for like, you can get 100 bits for $1 and 40 cents.
And then what you do, you use this cheer, which is an animated chat emote.
So like if you type cheer one, a little gray triangle comes up and you just spent 1.4 cents
to cheer that streamer with a little animated emote icon.
And apparently that streamer will get one cent and Twitch gets the other 0.4 cents or
whatever it is.
So this is a way, I guess, where the whole tipping thing that's on Twitch is now built
because Twitch wants a cut of that.
That's what this boils down to.
And Twitch sees that all these live streamers are like, you know, tip me, tip me, tip me
on the, on the screen there.
Those are, yeah, those, those are the emotes.
That's fucking stupid.
Well, keep in mind that if you get into the subscription program or whatever, you can
design your own emotes that go with a subscription to your channel.
But, and don't get me wrong, I understand you.
It's not about the emote.
It's about the penny you get with it.
So what's up with the star David being, I know why is one of them like a sideways star
of David?
I that's really, is that offensive?
I think it might be offensive.
I think that might be if that's the most expensive.
Is that the red one?
Yes.
Yeah.
Turn your head sideways.
It's a red David.
It kind of, it kind of, yeah, I guess it looks like what Donald Trump just got in trouble
for tweeting.
Maybe.
Um, I don't know.
I don't know if I see it that same way, but, um, I guess I, I wouldn't know.
So uh, I'm sure it fucking be like, it's going to get to the point where I hate to have the
reference chatter bait again in twice in one episode, but it's going to be like, okay,
yeah, well I'm not going to play this level in the game until I get enough of these bits.
You know, technically though, if a streamer wanted to do that, they already could with
that whole tipping thing.
Cause I can't tell you how many streams I've watched where they have the little tip counter
and you know, all these people paid and I'm always, I, I'm going to dig myself a hole,
but I just, I'm going to say it because it's fucking honesty and that's what I give you
on this show.
I, I've been getting more and more into live streaming lately.
Um, it really doesn't cost anything to live stream.
Granted I did buy the capture card.
So I mean there are some expenses there where I guess you could buy a new microphone or
maybe a better card for your computer and stuff, but I just don't understand why people
beg for money to play video games on the internet.
Like it, I just, I don't know.
I would be grateful if somebody wanted to tip my stream or whatever, but I'd kind of
be like, you know, but here's some awesome charities that really need the money.
Cause me, I would have bought that stupid capture card.
It's because they're entertaining you.
It's like saying, why do we pay movie stars to act in movies?
But then, okay, but they're working at something to give you an experience.
Okay.
But honest talk, is it really, I'm not saying I agree with it.
Is it really just the person playing the game?
Shouldn't the game maker get a little bit of that?
And yes, I know this ties into the YouTube argument and I'm getting going down a slippery
slope here, but I do kind of feel like the game makers deserve a little bit, but it kind
of depends.
I guess it really depends on what you're doing with your stream.
Like there's some Twitch streams where literally the person is just sitting there with their
little head in the box playing the game and all they ever say is thanks for subscribing
so and so thanks to the donation.
So that's all they ever say.
That's it.
And when it's that stream, I kind of look and go, you know what?
The person who made the game is doing more than you did.
But then there's other streams where there's banter going on.
They're talking.
They're being funny.
And it's like, okay.
Awesome games done.
Quick streams.
Yeah.
That's different.
But who says this is this and this is that?
I would disagree.
They're getting publicity for their game.
People are watching.
I mean, they may be tuning in for the person that's streaming, but they're also seeing
this game that they're playing and that is free publicity for that game.
So I don't really think that the company necessarily needs to get paid on top of already, you know,
that game was purchased by whoever's streaming it, I would assume.
So they may get sales off of that person streaming it, but I don't see why they should get a
cut of that person, you know, whatever they make from streaming that game because they
could be streaming any other game.
They're trying to sell themselves, not the game.
The game is like a side thing for it.
Well, I don't know.
You know, this is one of those things where maybe the further down the rabbit hole I go
with live streaming, then I'll finally kind of get it.
And then people are going to be like, Rob, you fucking hypocrite, you settle that thing
on OLR.
Then now you're asking for money.
But as it stands right now, I feel like if people were to be kind enough to donate these
things on my stream, I would just put them back into Steam to buy games to stream.
Like I just, you know, it just kind of, that's how I'd spend it.
I don't feel like I'm going to make a living off Twitch streaming or any of that stuff
because I kind of like the job I do have right now.
So anyway, let's see, go into chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Let's see, Tiger Claw says, if you think about it, that whole social eating thing is pretty
much product placement.
Stoppy in chat says, just wait for Rob to become the next booby streamer.
Be careful what you wish for.
I got a really nice top in the closet.
Let's see, Fifth Dream says, it's like saying if you watch a movie you bought a lot, you
should pay more for it.
Well, I know movies like the Rocky Horror Picture Show say that I had on VHS back in
the day, DVD, Blu-ray, iTunes.
Wait, wait, wait, perfect example then, here you go.
So all the people that go watch a performance of Rocky Horror, that movie is playing in
the background, should the people that made Rocky Horror get a cut of that money?
The people, okay, the people that made Rocky Horror are getting all the money.
The cast doesn't get anything.
They just go straight to whoever made the movie?
Well, it depends on a variety of factors, but I'm going to keep it simple and say, believe
me, 20th Century Fox gets a cut even to this day every time that movie is shown.
That's why you actually still have to get the rights.
You can't just show that in a theater and act, you still have to go through 20th Century
Fox and get the rights.
That's pretty stupid, I'm just going to say.
That's really stupid, actually.
Just letting you know.
All right, well anyhow, let's move on, we could probably talk for another hour about
this, but we do have some other gaming news we want to get to and we might have some calls
on this later, we'll see.
But anyway, for now, Shane, what do you have for us?
So Capcom released that Resident Evil 7 teaser.
People couldn't figure out what some of the items were for, specifically the finger that
you could pick up, and everybody was going crazy for it for like a week.
I can't believe they didn't understand that Capcom was giving you the finger.
Basically, yeah, because recently, if you had signed up for their ambassador program,
they sent you some email touting how many times the demo's been downloaded.
They actually make reference to the finger, and they say in a picture that the path is
closed for now, but patience, dot dot dot.
So maybe there'll be some sort of update or a new demo where you can use that finger.
But basically, the demo's garbage now.
There's no real secrets to it.
I think it really tried to evoke that spirit of P.T. and...
But without the payoff, really.
Yeah, without any sort of payoff.
It makes me less excited for the game now.
Well, so since they said the game, I mean, I know they said this about P.T. as well,
but P.T. stood on its own, but they said, like, oh, it's not going to really be anything
like this demo.
Yeah, they were just going for the atmosphere.
But I did read an article with one of the guys that said it is still going to be in
first person, though.
Oh, I didn't see that.
That's interesting.
Well, when it's going to be a VR game as well, that kind of seems like a given sense.
Do you think that...
Who cares?
OK, remember when P.T. first came out, the fact that it was a Silent Hill game was a
surprise at the end.
Do you think if Capcom had put out the demo as, you know, new Capcom VR demo, it didn't
tell you what it was, and at the end you found out it was Resident Evil 7, do you think that
would have had a greater impact?
It might have had a greater impact, but it still wouldn't have been as good of an impact
just because of how lame, really, overall that demo actually is.
I think people would have been like, that's Resident Evil?
It wasn't like, you know, people wanted a new Silent Hill game.
I think some people wanted a new Resident Evil, but it's kind of like, well, they already
have like seven of them.
Yeah, well, you know they're going to crank them out every couple years.
I mean, it's just like, it was just like, oh, that didn't really seem like a Resident
Evil game to me, but OK.
It wouldn't have been just like, holy shit, this is Resident Evil!
It just doesn't have the same effect.
All right, let's get through a few stories here, and then we'll get to tonight's mailbag.
Loki.
All right, so this is kind of cool.
There's a brand new Kickstarter for a System Shock remake.
It's being remade in Unity, and I think they're probably, well, they're probably going to
hit their goal already, because they've already, they're looking for 900,000, and I think the
last time I checked it, it was already 600,000 something, so, and it was still with like
almost 30 days left.
It looks pretty awesome.
You can check it out.
If you want, you can actually pick up a demo on Steam, Good Ol' Games, or the Humble Store,
if you want to check out and play the actual demo.
Yeah, they're up to $773,206, and they have 24 days to go, so most likely they're going
to hit it, and it looks like it's pretty good so far, so I would definitely, you know,
I'm kind of, I didn't really know too much about System Shock, but I mean, it looks something
like they could be pretty good to back, but definitely go check out the demo and see what
you think.
Are you, are you going to back this, Loki?
I don't know.
You don't really back any Kickstarters.
I am not backing that many kicks, oh, I'm probably not backing any Kickstarters right
now unless it's going to be like some hardware thing or something that I really want, but
just PC games, man.
Like the last few Kickstarters I backed, I did Shadowrun and everything, and I was so
gung ho about those, and then I completely forgot they came out and I didn't play them.
Like I can't say there's a Kickstarter game that I have played now in there, and I've
got like, you know, that, Among the Sleep, it's just a bunch of games that just sit at
my backlog.
Some folks in chat responding positively to this, vidpower in chat at live.vognetwork.com
says, played the System Shock demo, it was pretty fun.
When Dungeon Buster says, yeah, the demo was really good, I backed it, I still have the
original around here on all nine three and a half inch floppies.
Some folks very excited for this new Kickstarter.
Let me talk about this because this is very interesting where there was actually a Ford
commercial.
It was an advertisement that was, I think it was specifically from a dealer.
I don't think it was from like Ford Central.
It was just a print ad, not a commercial.
It was, no, there was actually a YouTube as well that was out there.
There was.
And this was like an email, and what it was, it was the Ford Freedom Event, but here's
the problem is that all the artwork that was on it was lifted from the game Firewatch because,
you know, the whole thing is a SUV go off in the wilderness or whatever, then the Firewatch
art kind of has all that wilderness element to it.
So yeah, a lot of people on Twitter kind of call in Ford out on this and what the hell's
going on.
Apparently, the dealer was contacted and the dealer was kind of, you know, like they were
kind of a little shifty about it, apparently hanging up on some people and not really commenting
to others.
But apparently, there was an email that got, went back to one of these sites like Game
Informer or something saying that the art was taken from a DMCA compliant site when
getting images.
But apparently, when they went and looked on the site, they didn't see anything like
that.
And actually, one of the folks behind the game Firewatch even called from Campo Santo
actually called and said, there's no way that the image came from that site because there
were images on there on the company's website that don't appear elsewhere.
So I mean, this just, it sounds straight up like the dealer took the art.
But I'm going to throw out the theory, here's what really happened because I don't, here's
what I don't think happened.
I don't think the dealer was like, oh, this video game, I really like this art.
I'm going to steal this art for the email.
I think what the dealer did, the dealer did a Google image search and just took the image
from Google image search, had no fucking idea it was from a game until Twitter alerted them
to the fact.
And that's why they're like, oh, well, the site we use is usually DMC, not, they use
Google image search and that got them in hot water.
That's what it is.
I would, I would bet money on that being exactly what happened is that the dealer used Google
image search.
So lesson learned, if you do anything that's out there in print or that stuff, do not use
Google image search.
I even, I create learning courses that go online for my, as part of my job and you know,
something I did at my former employer and I would specifically use public domain clip
art sites.
I was very cautious.
I never used Google image search.
I would use public domain sites to get whatever art I wanted to use, which, you know, there's
a few of them out there.
If you had to know where to look, um, that, that have a very generous license.
So anyway, uh, and act-deft in chat says, uh, pretty much they were lazy.
Yep.
And JD in our chat says, sure, but if you're using Google image search for business reasons,
it's on you to get right clearances.
That's absolutely right.
The whole fact that I found it on a Google search that ain't going to save you or this
dealer in this, in this circumstance, you still have to get the rights clearance.
I think there is a, I think, don't quote me on this, but I feel like there is a button
you can use on Google.
Maybe it's being actually, I can't believe I'm going to fucking reference being, but
I am.
I think there's something that you can actually specifically find images that are like creative
commons or you can find images under certain licenses on some of those search engines,
but you just kind of like, you can't be lazy about it.
You have to kind of think about that.
So there you go.
Um, I believe we are going to go to the mailbag now.
I think it's time to get in the mailbag.
Every week you guys email us, participate at orange lounge, radio.com and send us your
emails and we read a few of our favorite emails here on the air.
Uh, but I believe when I last checked the mailbag, there was only one email to read
tonight.
So I'm going to actually open up the mailbag right now.
Does it qualify as one of your favorites though?
Cause you just said you only read a few of your favorites.
Well, anytime somebody takes the time to email us, it makes me happy.
So yeah, by default, by default, yeah, it doesn't sound like a favorite by default.
Except now for some reason, I can't remember the password to get in our fucking email.
Shit.
This is embarrassing.
So old.
Let's have dark soccer to call in.
No, like I'm positive.
That's it.
What am I doing wrong?
This is so funny.
Since you're too busy to run the soundboard.
I'll do that.
Fuck.
Fascinating.
You're going to get locked out and like a 30 minute wait before you can try to get an
email.
Somebody's like, someone's trying to hack your account under lock until you can call
us to verify.
Well he's doing that.
I forgot to mention something in my gaming week cause it wasn't a video game, but I just
played today exploding kittens.
The card game.
It is really fun.
Is it?
Cause it sounds sad.
No, it's funny.
And it's fun.
I mean, we played the clean version, so I don't know how, if people prefer the dirty
version or whatever, but it was just like a really fun, fast to play like little card
game.
So I don't know if anybody in here bought that game or not, but it's Rob did.
Oh, Rob bought it.
Oh, but Rob's busy.
I did buy it and it's still in the box.
You haven't played it?
Did you unwrap the box?
Okay.
I just want to point out, I logged in on my phone.
With the same password.
With the same password.
Did you keep the caps lock key on, on accident?
I hope that's, but usually they warn you.
I don't know what the hell.
Sometimes.
I don't know what the hell I'm doing.
Did you try turning it off and then on again?
Yeah.
Try turning it on and off again.
Oh Jesus.
Now there's like a ton of emails too.
This is the best thing.
And I got to read them off my phone.
This is such a train wreck.
Oh, that's so great.
Ah, fuck off.
All right.
Uh, let's get to our first email tonight with all this tiny print I'm going to have to read
here.
Old people glasses to read it.
Can someone send me my glasses?
Oh God.
My focus.
Uh, this email comes to us from James Nighthawk starting us off this week.
Hello boys and girls of OLR.
James Nighthawk here emailing from across the pond in England.
Firstly, a belated happy birthday to the show.
I've been on board for over a year now and I've become a weekly listener via the podcast.
I'd love to listen live, but hey, time zones are a bitch.
I'd like to talk about music games.
Always a favorite topic with you all.
I have two questions.
Question one, what is it about music games that you love?
What drew you in and kept you playing?
As a musician myself, games like rock band never drew me in as a way to pretend to play
guitar.
For me, it was the way the reward systems and skill systems were tied to the music tracks
that kept me playing and wanting to improve my skills to replay levels and score higher.
I will admit, however, that rock band drums are pretty cool for a non drummer as at times
it does offer a damn good approximation of actually playing the drum track.
Let's start with that.
What about music games do you guys love?
Shane, you want to start?
The music.
Well as silly and sarcastic as that is.
No, it's not really sarcastic.
It's just true.
Yeah, no, it is kind of for me as a big motivator as well.
The music usually is pretty good.
And sometimes the gameplay that goes with it will make me like the music more or even
at all.
The music I may not have liked, but if it's in a game that I enjoy playing, then that
music gets elevated to maybe I could download this and listen to it and it'll like bring
back those memories of playing the game.
Like that happened a lot in Elite Beat Agents, like there are a lot of songs I would never
listen to outside of Elite Beat Agents until I played the game.
And now I'm like, oh, that song's cool.
I like it.
I think too, even though you might not be accurately making music, like you're playing
the guitar and it's not like actually playing an actual guitar.
You are still interacting with the game where you're making music through whatever the game's
system is.
And that goes as far back as say, Parappa the Rappa, which was one of the earliest music
games where you could do like freestyle segments where you kind of hit the buttons in whatever
order you wanted.
And that was, for me, that was always something I really liked about music games and like
say a game like BeatMania 2DX is that, okay, it's not actually DJing, but it's kind of
cool that the key presses do affect the music.
And when you play like shit, you're going to get shitty music.
But when you're playing in rhythm and at end time, you're creating these really awesome
trance or dance songs.
That was always part of the charm for me.
Loki or Flocko, want to chime in on this before I move on?
I always like the music.
Yeah.
And that's really, you know, kind of what drew me in is just museums plus, you know,
they'd be fun.
And VidPower in chat says, yeah, it was the butterfly song that first drew me into DDR.
And to be honest, that was kind of a big part of it for me too.
But I had already had played like Bust a Move, Bust a Groove, you know, that series before.
And so when I first saw that in the arcade, I was like, oh, it's like that.
But with your body, even though those of you that have played both know they're actually
not that similar, but I was like, it's like that, but you use your entire body.
And that was actually part of the real kick in the beginning was that DDR was something
you actually controlled with your body.
So it didn't play like any other game.
And I think that's a big draw of the music games too, or the peripherals, I suppose.
One more comment in chat where JD it says, yeah, key sounding is a big factor in my enjoyment
of music games.
Absolutely.
Anyway, moving on with James's email.
Question two, can you think of any great games which tie music-based gameplay to a more traditional
gaming system?
Games that come to mind for me are the bit trip games, as they do exactly that.
One is a runner where your actions time with the beat.
One is a pong clone with timing based on the song and so forth.
I've recently downloaded but have yet to start Rhythm Thief for the 3DS, thanks to the awesome
Nintendo Humble Bundle.
This sounds like it might be exactly what I'm looking for.
I find I'm now intrigued by the idea of games where the gameplay is music-based, but the
progression is more story or video game-based.
The theater rhythm games tried this.
Alas, while I enjoyed the mechanics, the RPG part is very lacking and largely ignorable.
I have high hopes for Rhythm Heaven on the 3DS once it comes to Europe.
I hated the DS version, as the stylus is not a way to play that style of game.
Although you were not impressed by the new Rhythm Heaven game, were you?
I am warming up to it, especially because I heard remixes are coming.
I just have to unlock them.
Do you have to use the stylus to play it?
No, but honestly, to counter what he just said, I was playing the game with just using
the A button, because that's what you would be using, and the directional pad.
And I was doing fine at it, but then when I switched over to stylus, I found it to be
a lot easier and a lot more fun.
The first game that comes to my mind is Crypt of the Neko Dancer, that's the one that comes
to my mind first.
I would say Rez, because it's a shooter, an on-rails shooter, and it has a story, and
it's all musical-based, and it's going to be VR.
Pick anything Mizuguchi was involved with.
You know what?
James, follow this guy, Mizuguchi, because everything he did is these types of games
you're looking for.
Space Channel 5 would be another game, right?
Right up the alley.
Luminous, one of the best puzzle games.
It's a puzzle game, but I don't know how...
But it uses music, because the sweeper is in time with the music, so that is very important.
That's a good use of that, Rez.
I just said Rez.
Yeah, it was literally just said.
No, it's alright.
Child of Eden.
Child of Eden, the sequel-esque type of thing.
Meteos didn't use music as much, but I did feel like, you know, another Q Entertainment
game where I feel like music was kind of a part of it.
Every Extend Extra.
That's the other one I was trying to think of.
I also kind of want to warn about Rhythm Thief.
It starts out kind of fun, but I felt like it got old pretty quick.
I know you got it as part of a bundle, so maybe it won't be so bad, but I paid full
price for that game when it came out, and I was not very happy with that purchase.
Alright, finishing up this email from James Nighthawk, thanks once again for the podcast.
Much love from the UK.
P.S.
I have no idea how the American media is covering the British referendum result.
Please please, listeners of OLR, be aware we are a nation torn by this.
Half of us did not want the result we ended up with.
Well, that feels just like in line with where we're at right now with the presidential election,
and I'm probably sure more than half of us don't like the result, or the choices we have
available to us.
I do feel like the biggest narrative we've been getting with Brexit is that, yes, Donald
Trump could be elected president if we don't fucking watch it.
That's kind of the sense I've been getting from the media and Facebook and all that stuff
here.
So your vote counts.
Yeah, I guess that's a nicer way to put it.
Think back to the 2000 election in Florida.
That's a more non-partisan way to put it, yes, that's very good, I like that.
Every vote counts.
Even some for people that aren't alive.
Yeah.
Okay, I will tell you the other thing we saw with the Brexit, where it's like, good lord,
we always thought British people were smarter, but they're really not when you get that guy
on TV that says, well, I didn't think it would actually pass, so I voted for it.
I thought, is that like-
That's like, okay, I'm gonna fucking dig some dirt here, you ready?
That's like my fucking ex-boyfriend, ex-boyfriend, who voted for Prop 8 just because everybody
was pressuring him to vote against it, and he felt like he had to vote against it, and
he had no will.
Wow.
There's a reason we use the word ex in that title.
Anyway, moving on to YYR, who sent us a couple emails this week, saying, first email, hello
LR, happy 14th birthday, Rob, hope you enjoyed yours as well, sorry that I couldn't be around,
but driving home from a convention took precedence.
I wanted to follow up on what was obviously the most important thing you talked about
on last week's show.
Yes, there is a place where RC Cola is on tap.
It is none other than the famous eight on the break arcade in Dunlin, New Jersey, where
they also serve the break steak special, a semi-famous break steak cheesesteak, a side
of fries, and a drink of your choice, perhaps even RC Cola, for just five bucks, and he
gives a link to their menu.
Oh yeah, and they have a ton of music games there too.
We'll be running the yearly tournament soon.
Not too late to hop on a plane.
Not that I expect you guys to fly out just for that, but suggestions can't hurt, right?
Now that we've established all of that, we can move on with our lives.
Thank you for that incredibly crucial update, YYR.
Actually that was good to know that RC Cola can be found on tap, and at a arcade that
music gamers, certainly the ones on the East Coast, have certainly heard of.
By the way, YYR sent us a second email.
I don't usually send two emails, but I've been listening to last week's show while doing
some summer cleaning, and Dance Maniacs happens.
Rob, while you were at MAGFest, did you happen to play on the Dance Maniacs that was there?
No, I did not.
If you only walked past it, you might not have noticed, but if you played, you might
have seen that it had a lot more songs on it than your typical Second Mix Append J Paradise.
That's because it was running a new custom version of the game, built from scratch, with
many new songs added, but still looking and feeling just like Second Mix Append J Paradise.
Of course, all the old songs were retained as well.
It won't make for great radio, but here's a video of this version running on the cabinet.
Anyway, the reason I wrote about this is that the creator is really cool, and would almost
certainly share this version with anyone who purchases a cabinet and expresses interest.
You may need to purchase some additional hardware, though, and have a spare computer lying around.
Hit me up if you need more information.
I'm going to send this to my friend with the Dance Maniacs machine that I talked about
earlier, because I bet she would be all over that.
So thank you very much for that, YYR, and someday when I get a Dance Maniacs machine,
I might want that too.
And now that I know there is a special Dance Maniacs machine at MAGFest, I'm going to be
on lookout next year.
Last email tonight from Redertainment, hello peoples.
As you may have already covered, this week Twitch launched a new category called Social
Eating.
There's something about this new category I'd like to spark a discussion about.
Twitch posted a social eating FAQ, which I linked to above, that guides the users of
Twitch on what they can and cannot do with social eating.
It's one of those things Twitch tells its users it cannot do that I have a question
about.
Quoting from the post, examples of what you cannot broadcast on social eating, feeding
others, such as pets or babies.
So parents cannot feed their babies on Twitch as part of social eating.
Why?
What is the legitimate reason for this?
I can understand Twitch not wanting users to drink alcohol as part of social eating,
which is something else they expressly forbid, but why not feed a baby?
But see, something that I think would be kind of cool, as far as feeding other people, what
if someone's blindfolded and you feed them stuff and try to get them to guess what it
is?
That sounds like fun.
You can take that shit to fucking YouTube.
It just sounds like a fun usage of it.
No.
I think there's a greater problem in our society as it goes with the whole breastfeeding in
public and how people are shamed and it really shouldn't like any mom I know that's done
it uses the blanket or covers up, you know, so that it doesn't like at the dinner table,
you know, sitting there topless at the table.
But even if she wanted to sit there topless at the table and feed the baby, you know what?
Baby's got to eat too.
And that's kind of a woman's choice.
So I just, it may not necessarily be something that's appropriate for streaming on the Internet.
Is that Twitch is a video game.
Like I just I don't understand why this competitive eating or the eating sorry thing is even on
Twitch to begin with.
So I just I feel like they kind of had to arbitrarily draw a line.
But it's one of those things where it's like, I don't know, for Twitch's sake, it's just
not really worth arguing about.
I mean, I just it's it to be honest, I think the question has to be addressed at a much
higher level than Twitch.
Well, to be honest, that's my point cares if they don't like to do it on their platform.
There are other streaming platforms out there like YouTube live where I guess, could you
drink alcohol live on the air?
I mean, were there any rules against that?
I don't think so.
A fifth dream in chat says, you know, the second the mom is paying too much attention
to chat and pokes her baby in the eye with a spoon, Twitch would get destroyed.
So they're making sure to nip that in the bud.
I don't know.
I don't know if you intended that pun, but that's good.
Are we going to have like swatting during some of these like food eating events and
stuff like that?
No, because only trash people do that.
Or could it be like, instead of swatting, they'd be like, I don't know, pizza pie ordering.
It's like, what?
Who's at my door?
I didn't order these 20 pizzas.
God damn you, internet.
Akuma JP says, we see that everywhere here.
What's with the West with breastfeeding?
This topic is way larger than what our video game podcast can cover, but in a nutshell,
like the, our nation has an obsession with heaven forbid somebody see a titty, even though
boobs are like everywhere.
Heads can explode, but you put a titty out there.
Oh shit.
It's one of those things that I think is just going to have to change with time.
Even though Game of Thrones is the highest rated show on TV, it has exploding heads and
titties.
Anyhow.
But only the Japanese have exploding heads being caused by titties.
And SSJ 100 Matt says, blame Janet Jackson or blame Justin Timberlake who ripped the
top off yet got away scot-free.
That is something that I will never understand in my lifetime about our culture is that why
was she crucified for that yet Justin Timberlake, Oh, I'm going to sing another song and so
millions and billions of albums, like it's fucked up.
Like there's just, I don't mean to get all like social justice warrior on you, but come
on.
That's fucked up.
Like it's just, there's this things in our culture that don't make sense.
And titty police is one of them.
That's it.
All right, let's move on and we're going to get to the F you of the week.
What a, what an appropriate segue to make here.
I don't know.
I'm pretty forward to the police.
I mean, I think I have a different thing in mind.
I think you're defining it a little differently than I am damn.
Loki wants you to start tonight.
Okay.
So big fuck you to the stupid Sacramento County law that they put in the place effective today
or not today, July 1st, where basically they have eliminated plastic shopping bags because
I don't know why the fuck they did.
Oh, we're good for the environment.
Fuck you all.
Seriously is a fucking inconvenience.
If I want to be environmentally friendly and buy those fucking bags, the reusable ones,
I will, but I don't, I don't give a shit because it doesn't matter.
So what I'm going to do, I'm going to pour extra fucking oil into all the rivers and
streams to offset all the good that this shit is doing.
You're such an asshole.
But you know what?
I look, I am, I'm pretty fucking liberal, but I would say if I were to become governor,
I would overturn that fucking bag ban day one.
I'm I'm with you.
I don't, it doesn't like I, you recycle the bags and use them for other things and I do
all the time, all the time anyway, too, too many political discourse on tonight's show.
My FU of the week.
I don't, I don't know.
I don't really have a lot.
So my FU of the week goes to my lazy ass not being, being motivated enough to exercise.
Uh, I need, I need to get up off my ass and do more exercise, especially if I do want
to wear better cosplay at a dragon con.
So who knows?
Maybe in the next next day or two, I'll finally get started with that.
Flaco, how about you?
And now I talked about how much I love them.
I don't care.
F U S G D Q because you didn't accept my submission.
Oh, I can be Minneapolis right now, but I'm on Rob's couch.
Hey, wait a minute.
That's it.
I still love them for not accepting.
Minneapolis isn't that great anyway.
All right.
Practicing PT in the back room.
Just don't, don't hate me.
Minneapolis, St Paul people.
I'm just telling a little joke.
All right.
Uh, Shane, last but not least.
If you to being tired, cause I'm really tired and didn't take a nap today and I went to
bed at like four and got up at nine.
Yeah.
If you to lack asleep, but that was my own fault.
I will say this though.
Shane stayed on the phone with me the entire drive home so that I wouldn't fall asleep
on the road.
And so that was, that was pretty awesome thing that Shane did pretty awesome.
As much of a jerk as he has to me, sometimes he'll do things like that that make me want
to keep him around.
So there you go.
All right.
I started seeing like a lullaby where he would, he, you and I both know that would never fucking
happen.
Like why do we even have these scenarios that are just untrue?
Yeah.
I, he wouldn't even do it for, even as a goof, he wouldn't even do it for, for his boyfriend.
He wouldn't do it for a child that he had.
Would you, would you sing a lullaby for your child?
No.
No.
Why would I want to go outside of the backyard to sing to the kid that's trying to go to
sleep?
Cause that's where they're going to stay in their pen.
And let's all be, let's all be thankful for a minute that Shane doesn't have kids and
I'm not sure if they thankfully is gay and is very, very unlikely to be having kids.
I like, I don't know if they'd have a pen cause I think I just tie them to a tree so
they can't get away.
It's way cheaper and easier.
You don't let him babysit, do you?
His kids kind of love me.
Yeah.
He's actually great with our kids.
It's all lies.
He loves our kids.
He's great with the idea of the tree.
I would imagine they would.
They'd tire themselves out trying to run around the tree, but they'd also choke themselves.
So it's a win-win.
Now that fifth dream that is false advertising, chicken wire cages are where kids belong.
It's actually has to be kid wire cages.
Chicken wires for chickens.
You guys all need therapy.
Let's, we got a couple more stories for you guys and we're going to open up the skype
line at orange lounge radio on skype, uh, Loki.
So this is the weirdest news I think we can be reporting today.
And that is first off, well, crystal Pepsi is coming back again, again, apparently people
get it this time.
Yes.
A limited time.
It will be in stores on July 7th in Canada and July 8th in us, I thought it was August
for us.
Nope.
It's July.
And apparently along with that, uh, we're going to be getting a game.
It is a similar area spoof of the Oregon trail called the crystal Pepsi trail.
Yes.
The crystal Pepsi trail.
You can check it out.
Oh my gosh.
I just remember when that came out last time it was on Amazon.
It was all sold out in like five minutes.
But now it's on the eighth so I can go get my Cali Marie amiibo and crystal Pepsi in
the same day.
It'll be amazing.
Yeah.
I want to see how this is going to happen now, but Oh, crystal Pepsi will try to like,
now I remember why I hated that.
I didn't remember what it tasted like.
I don't remember either, but I remember liking it as a sweetie with aspartame.
Oh, so it's diet was always diet.
I don't feel like it tasted like a diet soda.
It was sweeter.
I remember that.
Uh, maybe it's a mix.
Do these sell surge at the stores yet?
I know it's on Amazon.
Surge was okay.
I miss Citra.
That's what I want.
Surge.
I want to get some crystal Pepsi and see if it's, I liked it when I was younger, but everybody
says it's not as good as you remember.
Yeah, probably.
So we'll see.
We'll see.
I think I just liked it cause it was clear.
I was like, Ooh, like Coke zero and shit like that now.
So maybe it'll be popular.
I just remember the Saturday night live commercial they had that was crystal gravy.
Did you ever see that?
I think it's on YouTube.
I do remember that.
All right.
Oh, act depth and chat says, sky, buy a crystal Pepsi and stream it on Twitch.
I fucking could now, but just don't put any alcohol in it and don't fucking, don't give
it to a baby.
Don't feed it to a baby while I'm on the street that do a baby anyway.
All right.
If it's in a baby that kind of looks like an adult moving on, uh, last story tonight
has to do with an NES emulator and this is what we've actually talked about before.
It is an NES emulator that turns games into 3d, not like the way you would see it like
on a 3ds or something, but it actually will turn the game into looking like, like it's
like a rotatable type of like 3d play field.
Um, apparently this software is available now and you can actually get it through itch
IO, which seems weird cause it's an emulator, but okay.
Uh, but you can get it as a free download.
You can chip in optionally for 99 or more for access to the latest build as soon as
it was released.
Uh, previously this was going for $30 and if you did buy that for that price, you're
going to get refunded the difference.
Although I'm surprised he's allowed to charge any money for it at all when you, I guess
you don't get the ROMs and I guess that's the difference, but like you can get an idea
what this looks like here.
Uh, I'm, I'm looking at a video here in studio where somebody is playing balloon fight, which
you know, ought to be a pretty simple NES game to emulate cause there was one of the
earlier titles.
There's not a whole lot going on, but you kind of get the sense that it looks like,
you know, when a child would make a diorama and a shoe box, like that's the type of thing
that balloon fight kind of looks like here.
It's cool.
It's a really cool effect.
Put together with the Perler beads or something like that.
Yeah, it's, it's a really cool effect, but um, yeah, it's uh, you know, again, I don't
know how well this would work in every Nintendo game.
Some folks in chat kind of echoing something I concluded there.
Stoppy says emulators are legal, licensed ROMs are not.
I still am a little surprised that it is allowed to exist on this store, but I suppose the
patent would be, you know, on the Nintendo hardware would be expired by now.
So maybe that's, that's why they're able to get it.
That's why you have all the knockoff Nintendo things that you can buy now.
Um, so maybe that's, that's why, but yeah, the ROMs certainly would not be included.
Are there any public domain NES ROMs though?
I don't know if there are any out there.
If there could be home brew stuff that people make, yeah, I guess only the home brew stuff
would work because anything that was actually in a cartridge, Nintendo would have rights
over that cartridge.
I think, I think again, I'm not a lawyer.
I'm just speculating, I suppose.
Anyway, that is going to do it for the stories tonight, but we are going to open up the Skype
line for a little bit here for any of you, the one to get through orange lounge radio,
all one word on Skype.
If you want to give us a call since we are already after nine o'clock, I'm only going
to leave a little room here opportunity to call it.
Oh, good.
It is ringing already, so we'll get to it.
Hi.
You're on orange lounge radio.
Who is this?
Hey, this is Act Deft.
Hey Act Deft.
What's on your mind tonight, buddy?
Well, I'm kind of tired, but, but, uh, I want to talk about, uh, Kirby Pen and Robobot.
Yes.
Uh, we started to talk about this a little bit at the end of last week's show, but, uh,
uh, what's your thoughts on this?
Well, the last time I talked to, oh Lord, I hadn't, I hadn't played it, but right now
I am only 2% of 100%, uh, sorry, of having a file with 100%.
That game is probably the best Kirby I have ever played.
That is quite some praise there, Act Deft.
And, and you know me, everyone that's been listening to the show quite, sorry, quite
some time, knows I love Kirby and, and I have said that Kirby Superstar is probably the
best there is, and, and Robobot, I don't know if I didn't expect that much.
Or, uh, I, well, I said, it's a Kirby game, I have to play it, but it really blew me away.
It's like, wow.
It's so, basically I can define it like so much fun.
Having the robot, uh, well, destroying everything, uh, in your path, uh, the bosses, even playing
as regular Kirby and, and having the abilities, uh, like the new ones, especially the, the
psychic, the ESP one, like, oh my God, that's the, that, that one is so broken, but it's
so much fun to use, and, and all the other modes in the game are also so fun.
My, probably my only complaint is the multiplayer game it has, uh, Kirby's Team Clash.
It's pretty short.
That's, that's my only complaint.
I, I, I, I played it yesterday or last night with some friends, uh, and there's only like
six quests, and they're pretty much like boss battles with four people.
Uh, they're fun, they're fun, but yeah, it took, it took us like probably half an hour
to beat them all.
And we tried, uh, the last one twice because we died and all that stuff, but other than
that, I really, really cannot recommend this game enough.
It's probably heading to, towards my game of the year of, uh, 2016.
That's some, some pretty high praise.
Are you sure now, just to ask a tough question, cause that's what I do, are you sure that
you actually, you know, you're not just kind of blinded by, it's the new car smell, basically.
The fact that it is a new Kirby game, like is that, you think, influencing your opinion
or, or no, this really does hold its own compared to these Kirby games of the past that you,
you love so much?
Okay.
How do I know that this game is like legit?
I don't complete games.
I don't do 100 completion or a hundred percent completion on games, like there are only a
few games.
Uh, do I do something like that last year?
It was undertale.
Uh, the year before that it was the solo night, which were both my games of the year of those
years, respectively, and so forth.
Uh, and even Kirby games, if I like the game enough, I'll, I'll beat it like regularly,
not complete it, uh, uh, like get all the collectibles and all the secrets.
Like, for example, uh, last year that we got, uh, Kirby and the Rainbow Curse, that game
was fun and, uh, but I haven't even finished that game and I liked it, but I haven't even
finished it.
And there are, there are other games that I like, but I don't go to the extreme to,
oh, I have to get all the things, I have to complete it 100%, get all the secrets.
And this game made me do it because it was so fun.
It's really fun.
And like, I'm gonna make this example, like, oh, like a person like Bobby Blackwolf that
doesn't play hard games or, uh, games that are too difficult, like, Kirby Planet Robot
Bot is like the whole game, well, not the whole game because it has some challenging
parts later on, but it felt like it was God Mode and playing Kirby, if anyone has played
a Kirby before, at least one, you're basically play, you're basically playing God Mode already,
but the, uh, in Planet Robot Bot, it definitely feels like it.
It feels like an, uh, a fresh new Kirby.
That's probably my point here, like, and here's coming from the fan, I felt that the
Kirby franchise had gotten a little stale, maybe Planet Robot Bot brought new life to
it.
Like, really, it's, I seriously need to tell everyone that this game is freaking awesome.
Those are quite some strong words of support there, um, yeah, I mean, I think one of the
things that you mentioned there that I actually totally get is the fact that there's very
few games that you will sit there and play to completion.
So it's like when you do sit there with a game and play all the way to completion, you
know it's something that you really, really like, or you wouldn't have done that because
I'm kind of the same way and I joke about it on the show all the time that I have like
gamer ADD, right?
And I bounce from one game to another, like, yeah, if I actually sit there and beat the
game or like the entire trilogy, as was the case of Mass Effect, I must really enjoy that
game.
That is, that is a high recommendation, I'm gonna have to, I'm gonna have to really consider
checking that out, although I just, oh my god, the gaming backlog just grows and grows
at Deft.
It grows and grows.
I know, I know, mine too, it's like, oh my god, I have too many games to play.
Well, um, any other thoughts for our listeners before we let you go?
Well, I'm also really sad that Flatfist, uh, are ending, but, well, at least we all have
still the online component, so.
But, uh, I'll end my call with this, go Team Cali!
Alright, go Team Cali in case Flaco's on the fence about who he's gonna pick.
Alright, take care my friend, thanks for the call.
Hey, thanks for having me.
Anytime, bye-bye.
187 Game OLR or you can call us on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype,
but we have another call coming in right now, so let's get to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
Hello, you're on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
We can't hear you.
One more try, if you're there.
Hi, Orange Lounge Radio.
I hear a distinct ringing sound.
I know, I feel like I hear, like, uh, like something might not be connected all the way.
It's a robot.
Or something, yeah.
I don't know, maybe it was, uh, maybe it was a subliminal message, I don't know.
Anyway, uh, Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype if you want to, uh, give us a call.
Loki, check in real quick to see if there's any last minute stories from you.
Um, no.
Alright, I'll leave the phones open for just a little bit longer.
Alright, let's, uh, see if we can get to it.
Hello, you're on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
Hello, Rob, it's me.
No, same caller.
Sorry, buddy, looks like Skype's not gonna work for you tonight.
Alright, I guess that's a sign to probably close it down, because it's already, uh,
I don't see any other, anybody else trying to get through, and it's, uh, already
9.15 here on the West Coast, which means after midnight on the East Coast,
so we probably should wrap things up, because I know Flocko probably needs to get back to the kids.
Uh, thank you for being here.
If you're sleeping, thank God.
Oh, thank God.
I want to get back to hanging out.
The summer game's done quick, yeah.
Yeah, gotta do that.
I guess I can't livestream for a week, because I'll have to go against that stuff, we'll see.
Um, thank you for being here tonight, Flocko.
Mario Kart Double Dash right now, just so everybody knows.
Yeah, I saw that, I just looked at that too.
Worst Mario Kart game ever.
I was gonna say, that's what it is.
No, you love that game.
You guys all suck.
I love that game so much.
That's the game that gave us toe depth, barf.
I love that game.
Uh, anyway, I've-
Thank you for being here.
You're welcome.
You know what's contributing.
You're welcome.
I'm gracing you with my presence.
Yes.
No, it's, it was super fun.
I laughed a lot.
I always laugh a lot.
I'm like the OLR laugh track.
Well, that's good that somebody's laughing.
Because lately I just cry.
I'm laughing with you, not at you.
Or both, I don't know.
Maybe both.
I was at you with that password thing.
Oh, that was great.
Or when you were picking which Pokemon Rob would be.
Yes.
It's like a flashback episode where we're flashing back to the current episode.
Yeah, to three hours.
These shows are so fucking long.
This is like Clerks now.
This is like Clerks animated series.
But yeah, I love being here and I'm glad I can be back after such a long break off.
All right.
Well, do you have anything you want to plug while you're here?
Any websites?
Oh, gosh, I didn't even look.
Did you put my new article up yet?
Not yet.
It'll probably go up tomorrow.
Oh, if it goes up tomorrow, if you listen to the podcast, look at my new article.
It's movie preview part two.
I have a few things in queue and luckily...
Never mind.
No, no, I'll get them all up.
I'll get them all up tomorrow because I have the day off work tomorrow.
At some point you can actually listen to this podcast.
Know in the future that that article will be up.
Awesome.
Part two.
Summer part two.
And all right.
Thank you.
Come back again soon.
I'll try.
All right.
Unless there's really good stuff on TV.
Shane, you're okay.
Thanks for...
Super tired.
...kind of being here in between shiny hunting.
What are you talking about?
I talked a whole lot.
No, you did.
You did a good job on the show tonight.
I actually neglected shiny hunting a lot.
Do you want to promote anything like your podcast or anything like that?
Ranger pride.
All right.
You're very good at promoting your stuff.
I'm super tired.
All right.
Then I guess it's time for us to go around and give everybody's final thought.
But I do want to say real quick, thank you as always for listening to and supporting
Orange Launch Radio.
All we ask at the end of every episode, tell a friend or two about the show.
Help spread the word.
We are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we can only put those voices out there
when they're here.
So again, please help us spread the word.
A nice five-star review wherever you found this show, such as like iTunes or Google Podcasts,
wherever you found the show.
It goes a long, long, long way.
We really appreciate it.
If you haven't done that yet, if you could take five seconds to do that, we'd really
appreciate it.
Okay, Loki, your final thought tonight?
My final thought is that I need to find a place to take my son for fireworks tomorrow.
That's not going to be super crowded, which I think is impossible.
Good luck.
I may just give up.
I live in Atomas and they did it like on Friday night and I didn't know this was going on,
but it was like right down the street from where we live.
And so we just heard the explosions going off at 930.
So my son was still up at the time.
We just went outside and watched it.
It was awesome.
That's awesome.
I was like, oh my gosh, they're right there.
And it was a 10-minute show.
It was fantastic.
Just get the lawn into it.
Just get the lawn chairs out and watch your neighbors.
That's what we're going to do.
We're going to do tomorrow night.
We just buy the crummy ones and we just light them up on the street.
The kids love it.
Maybe we'll see.
My niece's birthday is tomorrow, so we're going to go for her party and everything.
She's turning one.
And so we're going to do that and they'll barbecue and stuff.
But I don't know.
We'll see.
Awesome.
And my final thought is I don't have any Fourth of July plans at all.
So happy Independence Day, though, for everybody here in the States.
And I hope everybody has a happy Canada Day belated to our Canadian friends because that was just a couple days ago.
But I hope everybody has a safe holiday.
And I'm going to use tomorrow to get some work done and play some games.
I think will be a good thing to do.
So that's it.
That's going to do it for this episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you guys for tuning in.
We will be back in seven days to do it all over again.
Have fun watching those gaming marathons.
Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune in to VOG Network dot com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network.
But you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Music.
Music.
