This week, Google has announced their entry into the gaming festival circuit, bringing
a venue and date out for Android game developers.
And that's just one tidbit of tonight's news.
Join us for this and the rest of the week's video gaming news, and it all starts right
now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio Hello my friends out there on the internet
and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio live tonight with episode number 651 for this July the 24th
of 2016.
We are here broadcasting from Studio N7 in Sacramento, California, assembled to talk
about all things video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
Here in studio is myself, Rob Roberts, on Twitter at Skie, S-K-I-E.
Not joining us tonight, sadly, DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
She actually had to bow out, and you'll have to excuse us, we're going to have to kind
of change our flow on the fly tonight because we were planning on her being here, but unfortunately
you guys, if you were listening to last week's show, she had that surgery, right?
I guess it was maybe Monday before the last episode, and something is flared up with it
or something, so she has a lot of pain and she can't drive, so getting over to the studio
does require driving, so sadly she's going to bow out.
She could have come on on Skype or something, but I think she'd rather rest up, and hopefully
she feels better, so send your hearts emotes to her at DarkSakura on Twitter.
She will be back.
She said she'll be back come hell or high water next week.
Joining us, though, live in studio, say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
How are you?
I'm fine.
So, we were chatting a little bit before the show, and you said you are living in Bizarro
World right now, right?
Yes, I am.
What's going on?
I'm living in Bizarro World because I was playing Pokemon Go, and then on Friday, my
wife, because originally I'd want to take my son out to downtown Sacramento to go play
Pokemon Go because I have a phone for him to play on and he wanted to do that, but then
it became 105 degrees on the weekend, so I was like, eh, no, we'll go to a mall that's
air-conditioned and go play.
That's a good idea.
No, it's not a good idea.
The GPS in malls, they're just, no, it is absolute shit.
It's worse in, I guess, okay, we're going to get Sacramento on y'all for a minute.
It's way worse, from my Ingress experiences, it's way worse in Sunrise Mall than it is
in Arden Mall.
Like Sunrise Mall?
It's in Galleria, yeah.
Oh, interesting.
I've never had a problem in Galleria.
Yeah, Galleria, it was just, I was in the ocean most of the time because, yeah, that's
what happens when you can't.
Because Roosevelt's so close to the ocean.
No, it's because that's what happens when you go to 0-0 on your GPS.
We did end up finding a spot that was nice and, you know, between two PokeStops, it was
in the sun, which I wasn't too happy with, but it was all right, it was air-conditioned
as well, so we played there for a little bit.
But anyways, long story short, yeah, she was not going to let me take him there because
she thought he was going to get kidnapped or something.
Like I couldn't pay attention to playing a phone game and taking him with something in
the mall.
I'm like, this is ridiculous.
We have this hangout for Ingress players who are playing Pokemon Go, and Loki and I are
obviously both in it because we're Ingress players playing Pokemon Go, and you guys actually
were like venting to the chat about this, going, help, does anyone else think this sounds
rational that my wife will not let me take the kid to the mall to play Pokemon Go because
the kid's going to get kidnapped?
And I said, buy a leash.
That's why they make kid leashes.
I mean, he had more trouble, you know, playing in the mall because he was walking around
and like almost running into people because he's not used to that.
Me on the other hand, I can commute to work and like, she's like, I can't catch these.
Oh, sorry.
Spoiler a little bit.
So yeah.
So anyways, Friday she decided to download Pokemon Go on her phone for whatever reason.
Everyone else is doing it.
There must be something about it.
So, um, so she did it and I did one of the mom blogs post about, Oh no, it doesn't matter.
But like it was, you know, so she did that and she's been obsessed with this entire weekend.
Like we've had to make special trips to Sutter street, which is like a nearby, like old town,
the gold Folsom Bay basically has a lot of near the prison, a much safer place to, it
has a lot more, but while we didn't take the child, the child stayed with, you know, the
grandparents.
So she, she wanted to just go down there and to do that.
I'm like, it's a hundred degrees outside.
I'm like, you want to go?
So?
Yeah.
She's like, so we can go to like, we at least go to the ice cream store over there and you
get some ice cream.
It is, it is really a tragedy that in 651 episodes of the show, Mrs. Loki, I think she,
she cameoed on some of the earliest episodes before you guys were even married.
But like, there, there's no, I don't even know if we'll ever get her on again, but she's
so fricking funny.
Like, that's, that's the part that Loki doesn't explain very well.
She is one of the most hilarious people you will ever meet.
Yeah.
She, we always like when we're driving like home today, like first, like we're going to
the grocery store and she's like, okay, go buy the pokestop first.
You know?
I'm like, all right, now, now did the wife tease you for Ingress?
Cause this is, oh yeah, all the time, all the fucking time.
And like, let's be honest here, like this weekend she's played it more than I have as
far as Pokemon goes.
I mean like, I mean, I guess I took the kid to the mall and so I played a little bit there
and with her, but most of the time I was just kind of sitting there.
But yeah, she's been playing it, you know, most of the time and like we have to make
stops so she can do, and like I have to catch Pokemon for her cause she doesn't know how
to throw the Pokeballs yet and stuff.
And I mean, it's just, I don't know.
She like texted me earlier.
I was like, yeah, we went to the, this park, you know, and did that.
I'm like, okay.
This is Bizarro World.
So in Bizarro World, your wife is playing more video games than you.
And I'm trying to put the kids to bed.
I'm like, can you maybe stop playing that game so we can put the kids to bed right now?
And that's when I was like, what the hell just happened with my life?
What is my life?
Uh, I've got to introduce the chatters cause they're, they're hilarious.
I'm sorry.
Real quick.
You know, you know how like you do something and it's pretty cool, then your parents start
doing it and it's not so cool anymore.
Yeah.
It's kind of getting that vibe.
I'm like, okay with it.
I can't really think of a lot of things like that.
Maybe when my mom got really into South Park, which yes, is a thing that happened.
My mom loved, like my mom's favorite TV show is South Park and so like, I can't watch it
anymore.
But no, it's all right.
It's fun.
She's getting into it.
But like, I don't know.
I mean, whatever it is, what it is.
All right.
She's having fun.
I guess.
I got to get to the chat over at live.vognetwork.com because we do tape live every Sunday night
at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show turned
11 years old tonight, by the way, happy 11th anniversary, Bobby Black Wolf.
One of the longest running video gaming shows out there.
There's a very small club of shows that are 10 plus years and we're fortunate enough to
be in it.
And Bobby is as well.
And of course we have our chat room.
So if you are listening live here on Sunday night, you can join our chat room, live.vognetwork.com.
And there's a lot of chat here.
Stoppy in chat says, bizarre world for Loki as in everything is happy and not at all frustrating.
No, that's just, yeah, I don't, yeah, it is bizarre world.
No, that's never a thing.
And obviously with all this Pokemon chat, a very kind plug from William Murderface in
chat saying, Sky, I've been listening to the new Pokestop podcast and as usual, you're
doing a great job.
Well, thank you very much.
We're having a lot of fun doing that show.
The fever around Pokemon Go, which I already had a love for AR gaming because of Ingress
has just basically fueled my love for Pokemon in general.
And now I'm getting into the handheld games and Shane is living in bizarro world because
it's like, wait, Rob wants to talk about Pokemon now.
So it's kind of, I guess, a similar thing.
Let's see.
Rob in chat says, I just came back from a big Pokemon Go event here in my city.
Tigerclaw with a question saying, tried to catch some Pokemon this weekend, but don't
have any Pokeballs.
How do you get Pokeballs without going to some stuff?
Do they give you some free ones per week?
You get some when you level up, but, but yeah, I had a problem where I ran a Pokeballs this
weekend as well.
And the problem is like, I go to the, I go to a lot of the Pokestops, but I get like
potions.
I like, I had to dump.
I've been dumping tons of potions and revives cause I have like a hundred of each and I
don't need that shit.
You'll have to find a very dense area of portals, Tigerclaw.
And honestly, some of the best places for that is cemeteries, downtowns, colleges, um,
anything that's going to have a lot of artistic type of landmarks.
So if you have a very artistic part of town, uh, that would be one, uh, you have to find
a portal dense area and just walk around.
Think of it, think of it too as, um, you can hatch eggs while you're doing it.
So you put some eggs in the incubator and you can do that.
And uh, yeah, unfortunately that's one way to do it.
You could spend money and buy them in the shop, but I think that is one of the worst
things to buy in the shop.
I really do.
It is.
And I had to do it though because like I was seriously just sitting there spinning that
shit and getting nothing and, and, and on top of that being the level that we are now,
you get all these like bullshit that happens with the fucking Pokemon, not excluding when
the game is all fucked up.
So like they'll pop out of the fucking shit, like I'll throw down fucking a raspberry and
use it, you know, a great ball to try to catch a fucking low level Pidgey that just won't
fucking stay in the goddamn ball forever.
Yeah.
I saw an article this week that was talking about, cause you know, there's, there's people
out there that want to, want to hate on Pokemon go, but this was, this was pretty fair.
It's talking about the end game struggle, you know, that the game gets a lot harder,
but then, you know, I don't want to repeat myself from Pokestop, but I will just say
this.
Remember that these games are not designed to be beat in two weeks.
This game is supposed to last a very long time.
They don't want you to catch them all in two weeks.
I realized somebody did, if you don't count six of them that nobody has, you know, somebody's
gotten closer than anyone else will say, I realized that news is around there and they
found out the level cap is 40 and all this stuff.
But just remember these games are not meant to beat in two weeks.
And I think if you are trying to beat it that fast, you're going to burn it, you burn yourself
out.
It's just like burning.
That's where half of my Poke balls goes like from this shit or when the game decides, Hey,
guess what?
You're gonna throw curve balls forever.
Now it's like, I didn't like to throw curve ball.
It's an actual, like I've actually purposely done it before, which I still don't understand.
I mean, it's supposed to make it easier to catch them, which is bullshit.
That's like saying, you know, it'd be a whole lot easier for me to throw this baseball with
my left hand blindfolded and backwards.
I mean, that's kind of what they're asking there, but to actually throw a curve ball,
you have to like spin the Poke ball around.
You'll actually draw circles with your finger on the screen and it spins and then you throw
it.
But there's this wonderful glitch that happens, especially when you're using your great balls
or whatever that for whatever fucking reason decides, Hey, it's just going to throw a curve
ball randomly.
Like as if there's some magical force field blocking the fucking Poke balls.
Or as if your phone did like a hiccup because something in the background refreshed and
so it reads the touches wrong.
I kind of think that's what causes it.
But anyway, I will say this, you know, for what it's worth, again, longtime Ingress player,
the current Ingress version that's out there is, if I'm not mistaken, it's 1.104.0.
That's the version number they're on.
They've done 104 updates to Ingress since, when did they go into 1.0?
When did they officially launch it?
About three years ago?
We'll say about three years ago.
It was four years because they did a three year thing at the center.
Yeah, but it was in beta for the earliest stuff.
So I think it's just about three years.
So my point is that, you know, and not every update has been substantial, but like power
cubes were not in the game in the beginning.
They did not have, certainly didn't have like Lawson cubes and some of these other items
that are there now.
Axeshields and stuff, those were not around in the first few versions and the, you know,
portal network grew.
So there's, there's a lot that changed and I really do believe Pokemon Go will get this
as well.
It's just probably going to take them a little time to get the amount of people on the team
that they really need because somehow they underestimated the amount of people that would
want to play Pokemon, but it's a lot.
So I think it'll get better though.
I really do.
Boy, how about that?
Three weeks in a row, we're opening up talking about Pokemon Go.
This is not a lot of news otherwise.
Well, and it really, I mean, it really is the biggest thing in gaming right now.
Anybody who's a gamer, anybody who's not a gamer is playing it.
It's really blowing my mind on just what a big cultural phenomenon this thing is.
But there is something else big going on this weekend I want to talk about here at the top
of the show and that's Comic-Con, which I feel like, especially in the general geek
universe, you know, I know we don't talk a lot about the geek movies and stuff.
We have other shows at VOG Network that do that, but there definitely was a lot of that
news this weekend.
Right?
You saw like the Wonder Woman trailer, which looked hot.
Even the Justice League trailer didn't look that bad.
The Justice League trailer was not bad.
It was a lot better than the last movie.
Yeah, exactly.
It's coming with a secret.
Okay.
Well, it wasn't bad, so it's good.
Let's see.
And then what else?
We know that Brie Larson is now Miss Marvel or Captain Marvel, excuse me.
Well, you know, whatever, but, you know, I'm sure Dark Soccer would have a lot to say
about that.
Brie Larson, a local girl, you know, she's a Sacramento, California native.
So yeah, local connection there.
And let's see.
What else did they announce this weekend?
It seems like there's just a lot.
There's a lot of new.
Oh, the Star Trek is huge.
They have it.
It's called Star Trek Discovery is the name now.
That's huge.
The CBS All Access show.
The new Doctor Strange trailer was pretty cool.
Oh, yeah.
The new, they had another trailer for a lot of Warner stuff.
So another trailer for Suicide Squad, which that looks fantastic.
And then another trailer for the Lego Batman movie, which just looks fucking hilarious
with the origin of Robin in this.
Sorry, I'm just catching up on chat over at live.vognetwork.com and this joke about Pokemon
Go is pretty good.
Kaijuto in chat says, I use the Tinder app a lot.
So my curve swipe is great.
You like that?
That's good.
All these balls just keep going to the left.
Go figure.
Let's see.
Brad from Pod Culture says the Flash and the Arrow trailers were cool.
I know, like, I know a lot of other shows on our network like Pod Culture, Critical
Myth love that CW universe of shows.
So that's the Netflix universe of shows with all the Defenders.
They also had Iron Fist and Luke Cage.
And I know this isn't necessarily comic books, but I do feel like there's a lot of geek crossover
with this.
But you, first thing you said when you walked in here tonight was about Netflix and everybody's
talking about this show, right?
Yes.
So I've been watching, I just started watching Stranger Things.
Well, I should say, I'm not started, I'm halfway through it now.
It's fantastic.
It's absolutely fantastic.
All the good things people are saying about it is absolutely true.
It's well shot.
It's got great music.
It's got a great story.
Great cast.
It's one of the best TV shows I've ever seen.
And it's like it's an 80s throwback.
It's basically like an 80s throwback.
There's a very, a lot of Spielberg, John Carpenter.
Winona Ryder's the star, for fuck's sake.
She's not a, I mean, she's a supporting star.
She's the biggest name.
She's the biggest name.
But yeah, it's fantastic.
I mean, seriously, even just start watching the first episode and as soon as that title
sequence hits, you're just like, fuck yes, I'm watching the rest of this.
That's pretty much it.
It's just like, this is so fucking awesome.
You played that for me and I did get a very Unsolved Mysteries vibe from it.
It's so good.
Any person our age, you hear that Unsolved Mysteries theme and you just like, it's PTSD.
Like you just, I shouldn't make a lie if something's so serious, but you know what I mean?
Like you just, you just suddenly like, oh my God, oh my God, this guy's going to be
on TV and scare the hell out of me and there's going to be some dramatic reenactment that's
going to scare the hell out of me.
But yeah, it's pretty good and I don't know what they're going to do for like a second
season.
I've heard things that I don't know if it's going to be the same since I haven't finished
this one yet.
Um, we don't know like what the end is, but you know, I don't know if they're going to
do this, like it's going to be just a different thing altogether because the way they broke
it out, each episode is a chapter.
So it's like chapter two, blah, blah, blah.
It's very much like a, you know, science fiction book.
So I don't know.
It'd be pretty cool.
Well, so the whole reason I brought up Comic-Con and comics and stuff was to talk about comic
based video games and maybe ones that you've enjoyed because I do kind of feel like a lot
of them have not been so great.
Like it kind of suffers from that movie syndrome too, is that a lot of the stuff they release
is really kind of, I don't know, I don't know.
Marvel Ultimate Alliance kind of recently definitely had its fans, right?
You know, so I'm not saying they're all bad.
I remember, well, see, I, my brain goes to Batman on the NES, but that really was more
of a movie game than it was a comic game.
But Batman on the Commodore 64 back in the day, that was a comic game for sure.
What do you, what do you think, Loki, comic book based video games that you can think
of that were good?
How about you guys in chat over at live.vognetware.com?
Well, I mean, you know, my son and I, we play the Lego Marvel stuff, so those are pretty
good.
And even though I played a little bit of Lego, Lego DC or Lego Batman 2, which is basically
Lego DC, that was all right.
I mean, the Lego universe games are kind of fun, but like even all those, you see all
the little characters and everything, and there's like a bunch of characters since I
don't read a lot of the comics, like who are these people?
Then you see, like my son has a poster now, Marvel poster, I got him, and I'm like, oh,
hey, there's that guy.
There's Absorbent Man, you know, I recognize him from the Lego game, you know, that kind
of stuff.
I don't know, I think a lot of it kind of gets me back into like the actual, like the
Marvel universe and everything, especially the cinematic stuff.
Yeah, I can't really think of a lot of like games I've played.
I mean, before that, I would say Marvel versus Capcom.
That series is pretty cool.
Okay, that's a damn good answer.
I don't know if there is a better answer to be honest, but we'll see.
Looking at chat, let's look at chat because they've got some ideas.
Stoppy in chat over at live.fognetwork.com says, my favorite comic-based game is Spider-Man
on the PlayStation 1.
There's a lot of chat right now about Injustice 2, which I guess they talked about this weekend
at Comic-Con, Tiger Claw saying they did two new characters, Wonder Woman and Blue Beetle.
Injustice 1 is a pretty good game though.
You know, it's really not bad.
Honestly, still haven't played it yet, and I haven't in my queue because it was free
with the...
It was free on PlayStation.
Yeah, I haven't.
I have not played it.
You should check it out.
It's on that same engine as Mortal Kombat, the newer ones, so it plays really well.
I mean, obviously it doesn't have fatalities or any of that stuff, but they do different
things.
It's fun.
I like it.
I guess I'll try it.
Let's see.
Dungeon Buster says, Ultimate Alliance is pretty good.
The sequel is kind of meh, but worth playing if only to hear Thor spew anti-registration
lines.
Let's see, Tiger Claw says, I learned about the Marvel universe by playing Ultimate Alliance.
I like how the game introduces you to these characters, and you can get all sorts of backstories
about them.
And Dungeon Buster says, the X-Men Legends game by Raven Software were really good.
Are those the old ones from the early 90s?
There were some X-Men games in the early 90s that were boss.
X-Men Legends were PlayStation 2, I want to say.
Is that the...
Well, there's also the X-Men arcade game, which was pretty awesome.
That was definitely more about the...
Well, was it the comics, or was it the 90s animation?
I think the arcade was maybe the animation.
Maybe, because I think it was to try and copy Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' success, which
was also a big animation in the 90s, and the arcade definitely had a lot of vibe from that.
Speaking of which, a little tangent here, I happened to catch an episode of the Ninja
Turtles show on Nickelodeon, and what the fuck happened to that show?
I did not fucking recognize that shit at all.
You grew up.
You grew up.
No, no, no.
Get off my lawn.
Stop.
Okay, here's what happened.
I'm not sure if this is maybe a mini story arc spinoff of the actual show or something
like that, or if this is what the fucking show's become.
Basically the Ninja Turtles show is pull the fucking Saints bro, where it's just...
The 80s cartoon was, they're in New York, they're fighting in the other foot clan, and
the craziest thing you have is like Krang and all that shit.
What I watched the fucking other day was, they're in space with this robot.
There's fucking frog people, some sort of triceratops people, and they're doing space
battles.
I'm like, this is not fucking close to Ninja Turtles at all.
At all.
What the fuck is going on?
Let's see, going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Comics zone on Genesis, says Stopy, is good but hard.
Not based on a specific comic though, as far as I know.
There are some original comic games, there's not a lot, but I remember one on the Commodore
64 that was one of my absolute favorites that was ever on that system, it was called Accolade
Comics.
Man, if I'd thought of this before the show, I would have totally done this as a classic
game this week, but I guess I'll have to save it for another week.
You actually, it was like a choose your own adventure thing, where the comic would load
on the screen, and each panel would load as you chose your own adventure.
And you might choose something that leads you to death, which is bad, or you might choose
something that leads you to an arcade game sequence that you would have to play to get
to the next sequence of comics.
That game was badass.
I think it was one of the later Commodore 64 releases, but I remember that was one of
my favorites, Accolade Comics, I think that was the company, Accolade Software that made
that.
Yeah, that was one of my favorites.
Looking back on comic based games, we have some-
And as Tigerclaw mentions, yes, did you notice Raph having a girlfriend in the series?
Yes, because that's how the fucking episode ended with him about to kiss her, and that
was it.
I was like, what the fuck is going on with this show?
I thought all the episodes were supposed to end with a pizza party.
I just don't, I don't, when you take your fucking series into space is when I think
it starts to, you lose it for me, Saints Row.
Alright, we're going to move on, we've got some gaming news to get into for this week,
but I do want to, of course, do a few plugs here, vognetwork.com, if you guys have seen
Star Trek Beyond, which I still need to see, there's a review up there from one of the
guys at Critical Myth, Bronzethumb, and I still need to see this, but I see some of
the response reviews already coming in, it seems like people are loving Beyond compared
to the last movie, which is a good sign for me, because I didn't really care for the last
movie, I liked the first one, not the second one, so yeah, maybe Kelvin Timeline is all
about the odd-numbered movies, I don't know, so.
Or like, you know, would they refer to it like the alternate, well, I guess like alternate
universe in the show I'm watching is the upside down?
Maybe, I don't know.
Now you're making me think this is the introduction to the opposite sketch, but let's see, so
yeah, check that out, Flacco's got another summer movie preview as well, so you can rank
the cool movies that you want to see, although I'm very upset that he left the absolutely
fabulous movie off the list, because that's my most anticipated movie of summer, but I
suppose not everybody remembers the British original, so yeah, definitely check that out
and rank those, and I've got like a ton of stuff in the queue, because I'm so far behind,
because I've been doing way too many podcasts lately, so lots of great stuff coming up.
I do want to also plug, Bobby Blackwolf did a video about, kind of like a response to
all the controversy about Tesla Autopilot.
Yeah, I had to talk someone down while I was getting my smog check, you know, because they
were saying, garbage, like, oh yeah, did you hear about that guy that got killed by one
of the self-driving cars?
I'm like.
Did you hear about the 50,000 that got killed by the non-self-driving car?
I mean, whatever, anyway, I think, now you have a video you can show.
Bobby's got a great kind of response to that whole thing, and you can check that out on
our YouTube channel, at VOG Network, very exciting.
Let's see, what else do I have to say?
We will be off on Labor Day weekend, because I will be at DragonCon, so I hope to meet
you guys in Atlanta.
I don't know yet if we actually have any panels this year, I haven't heard back from Podcast
Track, so I hope we'll be around regardless, even if we don't get invited to do an official
panel, we'll still be lurking around that area, and probably shooting our own stuff,
now that Bobby's got all the video stuff, so we'll kind of be doing a slightly different
approach to DragonCon this year, so that's really exciting.
Who knows what's going to happen.
And I think that's it, otherwise, plug in my own podcast, Pokestop Podcast, guys on
the show, everything that's at the Voice Geeks Network, vognetwork.com.
Let's get into some gaming news this week.
Look, you want to start us off.
All right, so there is some information that's kind of come out from Pokemon Go, and this
is due to some data mining.
So for example, we found out that there is an actual cap to the trainer level, which
is 40, and it's going to take you a while to get there, though, because in order to
level up to 40, actually from one to 40 is 20 million experience points.
And in fact, just level 39 to 40 is five million, so that definitely steps up quite a bit after
level 20.
Pokemon themselves also have level caps, they only go up to 30, so pretty much anything
you catch at 30 or greater is only going to be that same level until you actually increase
its stats using the Stardust and Candy and all that fun stuff.
Each Pokemon also has their own capture and flee rates.
There's also some Pokemon do become harder to catch as you level up, no shit, and we
figured that out quite a long time ago.
Of course, you know, it's pretty obvious that you get bonus, or it makes, it helps to get
those nice, great throws or whatever, and the curveball throws help capture Pokemon
as well.
It kind of works into that whole flee rate and everything.
You know, of course, the other, we know that the Mewtwo, Moltres, Zapdos, Artuno, and Lead,
other, I guess those four are legendary Pokemon, so probably going to be something to do with
the actual, you know, events that they do.
They said that Farfetch'd is out there, and actually I did see that someone did catch
it in Japan, so there is Farfetch'd as well.
They said each Pokemon now also has their base, like a base attack amount, and of all
the Pokemon that are available in the game, the strongest for the non-legendary is Dragonite,
and then, of course, Mewtwo has a base attack of 284, so slightly higher, and then they're
also saying that there's, let's see here, that there's, now I'm not familiar with the
game too much, but that there's the same type attack bonus in this game as well as in the
portable games, so if you're using, for example, a Grass Pokemon and you use a Grass move,
you get a 25% bonus to attack, so that's kind of nice.
And then apparently the Master Ball's in the game, because it was in the beta, but no one's
come across it yet.
Hmm.
All right, well, I guess there's still more to be unveiled as people progress in this
game and so on.
Let's see, going to the chat over at live.voggenetwork.com, JD is saying Farfetch'd is a regional exclusive,
so are Konguskon, Taros, and Mr. Mime, which Taros is the one that's here in the US, and
they say Mr. Mime I think is Europe, and what Konguskon I guess would be Eurasia?
So how did that one guy catch them all?
Did he actually go traveling?
Australia, what am I saying here?
Did he actually go traveling or did he travel using the power of GPS spoofing?
Well, they may hatch in eggs, I think they all hatch in eggs, so if you get lucky with
the eggs, you get that.
Yeah, that's what Alan Alchemy says, they are hatchable from 5k eggs, they are just
region locked finding on the street.
I have 10k eggs, so I wonder what that is.
Usually it's evolved Pokemon I think at that point, you get more advanced stuff.
Well those are ultra rare ones, they're like the 10k, so.
Yeah, yeah, so he gets good stuff in there.
JD says Serebii has a list of what's in eggs, I've seen a chart float around on Twitter
out there, and not all the 2k eggs are bad, because your Bulbasaur, Charmander, Squirtles
are in those 2k eggs.
I've been trying to find more Charmanders in starting Pokemon and stuff, because how
the fuck am I supposed to level this guy up?
Did I tell you what happened at work?
I don't usually talk about work on this show, but I think the stories we're sharing.
So I'm sitting at my desk doing my job, writing a training guide, this is what I do, and one
of the managers comes through the office and whispers in a very loud voice, Charmander,
Charmander, and suddenly everybody discreetly is taking out their phones and sure enough
there's a Charmander at the front of the building.
We had one of those, the dragon ones, actually, was in front of one of our buildings, everyone
was running out to the parking lot to get it and stuff.
I didn't because I heard it too late, and unfortunately, you know.
Well you don't live far, you don't work far from where that Dratini farm is.
No, yeah, that's definitely there.
What's kind of nice, we have like a local, they have like a Google Maps that people are
adding stuff like, you know, stuff that's on the actual map, like all the different
and pokestops and everything, and also where different farms are.
So there's like a Dratini farm, I was actually browsing using that pokivision.com website,
which I recommend you check out while it's still up, although they've been having trouble
staying up because of the demand and the servers, you know, so if they get hit too hard or the
servers get hit too hard, it goes down.
But it's fucking useful, like my son wanted to get a Pikachu, so I searched the area,
and oh there's a Pikachu right here on this street, drove over to right where it was,
boom there's a Pikachu.
So it actually uses the API in the game somehow, I know it has to do with, it logs in somehow
using the Poke Club stuff, because I know they were saying they were having trouble
getting it to work when that's down, and then it tells you where the stuff is, and you can
scan every 30 seconds and check out the whole area and find all this stuff.
It's pretty crazy.
And I'm sure not what Niantic intended to be done, so we'll see what happens with that.
JD in chat over at live.vognetware.com says, I'm wondering if the API pokivision uses has
anything to do with the wearable.
And Bobby is realizing by scanning his house, it turns out my house is a Pokemon hotspot.
Pikachu has spawned in our backyard I don't know how many times.
So you're not alone.
One of the things I heard is that the spawn points for these, I mean whereas they'd spawn
randomly, are set, so like if a Pikachu spawns in one spot, it'll keep spawning there eventually
later on.
I was almost, I was convinced that it is tied to the what they call XM distribution in Ingress.
Yeah, it could be, and I think a lot of, definitely population density has a lot to do with it
because in the areas that are more dense, you'd find there's more Pokemon there.
So where I'd get more points for creating a field over that, that's where the Pokemon
are.
Makes sense, makes sense.
Alright, well let's move on and talk about Ubisoft with a comment that they've made on
Nintendo NX.
Oh, we couldn't go a week without an NX story even though Nintendo's-
Oh wait, wait, wait.
Wait.
What?
Since we were just talking about Pokemon, I got a text from my wife.
I wanted to make sure that I mentioned this real quick.
We all hear this.
Okay.
She said, I put down an Incense, I, one got away, I caught one, then the game glitched
out while I was catching one, restarted it, it wouldn't let me back in.
By the time I did, 10 seconds were left on the Incense.
Poopy emoji.
It's really the poopy emoji that made that story.
Same thing happened to me the first day the game launched, so yeah, it's just, hopefully
Niantic gets those server issues worked out, but it seems like it's gotten a lot better.
Well she has like an iPhone 5 and for some reason that thing takes forever to log in.
I bet.
I don't know what the problem is.
I bet.
Alright, let's see.
So, the CEO of Ubisoft has talked about Nintendo NX and he's actually saying it's really great,
saying quote, on the NX, what we have seen is really great, so we think having a new
machine coming is going to help the industry to continue to grow and take lots more casual
players back in the industry.
Of course, we have no idea what the specs are or anything, but this is noteworthy because
of course Ubisoft kind of went all in on the Wii U in the beginning, creating one of
the best third party games that was on the Wii U, or probably even the best, Zombie U,
which was great, and then they promptly abandoned the Wii U when that game didn't sell up to
expectations because the Wii U wasn't selling, except for Just Dance, but we don't count
that.
I just don't know if I can trust Ubisoft with telling me what's good and what's not.
After all, Ubisoft decided, hey, you know that Wii Fit volatility sensor that you guys
want to push to never getting them out with, we're going to come and release something
like that as well for meditation or something.
Hey, you guys are really into video games and stuff, how about we release a laser tag
set instead?
So, they don't necessarily have a good judge of hardware, it seems like.
So, I'll wait and see.
Fair enough.
Alright, why don't you do this next, because you feel passionate about this story that
Jamie was going to tell us about, so I think you should do this.
Ah yes, so Sonic Mania, this is kind of cool, they had some stuff, well aside from the really
fucking terrible livestream that they did, they did have some announcements, so one of
those is being Sonic Mania.
It is a throwback to the classic Sonic games, so they've got the Sonic, the Hedgehog 1,
2, 3, I think Knuckles and all that stuff is there.
And then, this brand new fan-made game that's being endorsed as well, and it's got the three
main characters, Sonic, Tails, and Knuckles.
And they're going to have new twists and new stages and that kind of stuff.
And that's supposed to be coming out on all major platforms in the spring of 2017.
Okay, but you had some pretty strong thoughts on this when you saw the trailer, right?
The trailer for this?
I thought the trailer for this looked okay.
Oh no, this is something else, the livestream or something.
The livestream was fucking terrible.
They had like, buzzing the entire time in the audio, and it's just really awkward.
If you want like a good summary of it, because, I mean, just to explain, it would, it doesn't
do it justice.
Go check out Jim Sterling, he's got a kind of a shit show compilation of what they did
during the livestream, and it's just, it's very awkward.
It's very awkward.
Like, they were trying to show footage of, or show the trailer for Sonic Mania, and it
wasn't fucking working, just as their audio wasn't working, and they're like, we've got
some great news for you, you know, you guys watching at home, and you know, the fans of
the Sonic series, and the great news is, and the audio cut out during the whole fucking
news that they were talking about, it was hilarious.
So yeah, show, not great, trailer for this looked pretty cool, so I'm down with that.
The also, I was gonna say, I don't remember if this was on our show rollout, no.
So they also did have, aside from Sonic Mania, there's, I wanna say projects, was it Sonic
Project 2017 or something like that, I don't remember what it's called, but basically they're
doing a new Sonic Generations game, and they showed Sonic, you know, the classic Sonic,
and then there's a third Sonic, which may be a Sonic Boom Sonic, which no one really
wants him, but he wasn't in the trailer, I just know there's three of them, and they're
basically fighting off against some giant robots or something, and it was just, it was
completely CG animated, it wasn't like an actual gameplay thing or anything, but that's
coming as well, and that'll be Holiday 2017, so there is another game coming, so two games
next year.
They don't look bad.
Yeah, the Sonic Mania especially, it looked like what Sonic Episode 4 should have been,
or Sonic Part 4.
Yeah, and Sonic Mania basically is like saying, hey, this is, you know, made by the people
that made Sonic Generations and Sonic Colors, you know, the two good games, so that's hopeful.
Going to the chat for some comments over at live.vognetwork.com, sj100matt says, Sonic
Mania looks legit, I'm down for it, but I'm cautious.
Bob Coffee says, the live stream only reached 6 out of 10 on the Konami E3 2010 scale.
I don't know.
I think it was probably worse than Konami.
Lizzie Dartitsuya says, I did like the Studiopolis level, had a ton of neat Sega Easter eggs
hidden throughout the level, and one thing I didn't know, Studiopolis is the name of
the recording studio where they do the dialogue for all the modern Sonic games and the Sonic
Boom cartoon.
Well, I don't know.
Is that a good thing, though?
I'm just kidding.
I'm kidding.
Maybe.
I guess.
Maybe.
All right, what else is in the news, Logie?
All right, so we can talk a little bit about, oh God, in it, about, we talked about Sonic,
and you know, Sonic Boom, really terrible.
I mean, it's just not a great series.
The games aren't that great either.
But this is like, this is kind of confusing, because now we have Mega Man, which is a great
game series, which is getting an animated cartoon which looks like absolute shit.
At least I don't agree with the art style.
It just, no.
No.
And why is there a tiny Mega Man on his head?
It makes no fucking sense.
But they're doing a new Mega Man game, which, you know, they chose to make it based on the
upcoming Mega Man, Man of Action cartoon, rumored that to be, they're saying that they're
going to be developing two different versions of the game.
One's going to be like the main version of the game, which is for, you know, the consoles
and everything, more powerful stuff.
Then the other one's going to be for 3DS and mobile, and that's going to be Outsource.
The 3DS and mobile one's going to be obviously the weaker of the two.
They're saying one thing about the game that they did notice that the naming, the way they
named the characters isn't necessarily going to be like, you know, Fireman, you know, that
type of stuff.
It's going to be based off of like musical names.
So like they're given examples of Flare Symphony, Frostbite, Sonata, Saber, Waltz.
What are these Castlevania titles?
So it sounds like, is there going to be a boss named Nocturne of the Moonlight?
Is that?
But basically they said that the game is going to look like, you know, like a Mega Man game,
just, you know, with, you know, better graphics, which makes me worry that, oh God, it's going
to be a Capcom version of fucking Mighty No. 9.
I mean, cause like, that's what happens when you make a copy of a copy.
The quality really starts to degrade.
Didn't anyone watch Multiplicity?
I mean, don't we know what happens when you keep cloning?
It's just, it's not, I just like, oh God, the cartoon does not look good.
It just does not look good.
It looks like, yeah, you know, we were totally respected franchise.
We want to go in a different direction with it.
It's like, no.
And then, hey, you know what?
Fans want a new Mega Man game.
So we really want to push this new cartoon that we have.
So we're going to make it based off that.
Why?
Uh, JD does have a good point in our chat over at live.vognetware.com.
Mega Man's always had music references, rock and roll, et cetera.
So they're always, you know, rock man.
That's true.
But no, I, I don't even think it really matters what we call them.
You literally just did this.
You make a very good point and I'm going to choose to ignore it.
I'm sorry.
It's just like, I have, I have the artwork of Mega Man staring at me and it's just like,
no, it does not work for me.
It doesn't.
I mean, it's fine.
Let's, let's give it the benefit that maybe it's good.
You really don't know till you play it.
You don't know, Loki.
I don't know until I watch the reviews for it.
I ain't fucking touching that thing.
Uh, let's see.
And dark Tetsuya says rush.
Don't forget rush.
Well, what truly one of the greatest bands of all time, right?
We need a new robot dog named journey.
That's what we need.
Mark my words.
I'd be fine with that.
Me too.
All right.
Anyhow, uh, let's move on now.
Let's talk about a re-imagining of a franchise that I think looks great.
I'm really excited about this based on the trailer, uh, kind of a follow up to something
we had talked about, um, a few weeks ago on the show, because this had leaked through
a ratings board or something like that, but it was officially announced with a trailer
this week that Pac-Man championship edition two is happening.
So I'm playing a little bit of the trailer here in the background.
Uh, so you can hear some of the music, which the music is almost some of the best part
of any of these Pac-Man games, but I'm very excited about this.
Uh, it just, it just looks different.
Like now the board tilts in different directions, which looks weird.
And the ghost trails will kind of like pop up and it does this weird like tempest thing
where it zooms through the middle of the board, jump onto a new board.
I think so.
But that isn't completely out of character for Pac-Man because that was Pac-Mania.
I think the ghosts are jumping jumping over walls and stuff because that's kind of cool.
Yeah.
I don't know.
And see like the board like tilts and shifts and stuff.
And then there's that when he flies through the air and he eats the trail of ghosts.
So I'm really, I mean, obviously trailers are meant to show you all the best parts of
the game.
I'm really curious what this is going to look like actually in motion there.
So, uh, yeah, and boss battles are in this too.
So, uh, God, I, I want this to be out now, but, uh, apparently I'm going to have to wait
a little bit longer.
I think they say at the end of the trailer, it is going to be September of 2016.
It's going to be out on the Xbox one, the PlayStation four and steam of course.
And they are saying it is a digital only release.
And sorry, I do not see Wii U on the list or any handheld, but then again, I don't know.
I guess Pac-Man championship edition never did release on those consoles, but I guess
anything's possible with the NX, right?
Who knows?
You can't handle the power of Pac-Man.
It's so much to render.
Yeah.
I'm very, very, very excited about that.
So let's see, I'll talk about this one as well.
Dar Sakura was going to bring this to the table tonight, but as I mentioned earlier
in the show, she had to bow out at the last minute due to some pain related to the surgery
she had.
Um, anyhow, Overwatch, uh, got an update, uh, this week and actually this, uh, specifically
the console's got updated with this as well.
The PC got this, I think very early in the week, like Monday, and then the console's
got it a little later in the week, but that new character, Anna is now available in the
game and the console patch actually nerfs two of the characters, Torbjorn and Symmetra,
which they said they were going to do.
And, uh, it is not the same on PC.
I mean, obviously both platforms got Anna, but the nerves for Torbjorn and Symmetra and
their turret damage, uh, being reduced by 30%, that's only on consoles.
That is not on PC.
And this is apparently because it is harder to have the precision aiming on a controller
as opposed to keyboard and mouse.
And since the turrets are auto attack, people are winning every time with Torbjorn and Symmetra
because it's basically like a smart attack where you don't have to aim at all with those.
So it was too overpowering, so they've nerfed it by 30%.
Also in this patch for PC and console, buffs for Zenyatta, who probably one of the least
used support classes, I think people don't realize that Zenyatta can actually attack
pretty well.
So, you know, if you want to heal and do damage, he's a good choice.
But they've buffed him a little bit, which is great.
And then they also did D.Va.
They've changed a lot.
She was already pretty popular, but that's probably just because it's a character.
People really like her.
But now, um, the defense matrix move is an alternate fire and there's a recharge meter
for it and self-destruct is faster as well.
But they are saying Anna is causing crashes on Xbox One and Mei's ice walls are not breaking
when they normally should.
Blizzard did confirm this pretty quickly and that they're working on fixes.
For all I know, this has already been fixed, but since I don't play the game on Xbox One,
I'm not sure.
So, awesome.
Alan Alchemy in chat over at live.vognetwork.com has been following over.
He plays a lot more Overwatch than I do.
He says, the Symmetra nerf was a surprise to everyone and everyone on the console forums
thinks it's totally ridiculous and not needed.
But the Torbjorn nerf they knew was coming and everyone was welcome.
But he says, Blizzard leaked it out like a fart so when people saw it in the patch notes
they were like, what?
And he says, going into the game mechanics a little bit, her turrets are so easy to kill
and if you run into a room with her turrets and don't run out, that's your problem.
So a little confusion there on why Symmetra got the nerf just like Torbjorn did, but having
played both those characters, even on PC, I love Torbjorn's turret.
I mean, okay, yeah, it's pretty cool that it automatically does damage, but if you can
place that thing in just the right place, you can really piss the opposing team off
and it's a lot of fun and it makes it super, a lot of fun as well.
So there you go, some Overwatch changes.
Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates of some upcoming video
games.
We'll start in the US with Loki.
Alright, so this week we've got Phantom Brave on PC, Quadrilateral Cowboy also on PC, Fairy
Fencer F, Advent, Dark Force on Playstation 4, Headlander on PC and Playstation 4, Minecraft
Story Mode Episode 7, Access Denied coming out on PC, Playstation 3, Playstation 4, Xbox
360, Xbox One, and mobile, and then Hyper Light Drifter coming out on Playstation 4 and
Xbox One.
We're getting the HD remasters of Marvel Ultimate Alliance 1 and 2 this week on PC, Playstation
4 and Xbox One, Mutant Mud Super Challenge on PC, Playstation 4, and Playstation Vita,
and then, let's see, it looks like Blade Arcus from Shining EX on PC, and Tokidin 2 on Playstation
3, Playstation 4, and Vita.
Sounds like a busier week than we've had recently.
And apparently a little bit of a delay, but Stardew Valley on Mac and Linux.
Oh, I did not know they were even getting a port, that's great.
Maybe you want to work on getting the UK dates up while I read the Japanese ones here.
So while we go over to Japan, we're going to look at a new Idolmaster game is out in
Japan this week on the 28th.
How many of y'all are Idolmaster fans out there?
Well, Idolmaster Platinum Stars is coming out on the Playstation 4.
This is actually the first Idolmaster game on the Playstation 4.
They're saying in this game, new character models, new facial expressions, dynamic camera
work during concert scenes, and you can even get crowds of up to 50,000 people.
You pick one of 13 idols to produce and focus your training efforts on.
I don't know why Idolmaster never really showed up over here, or did it?
Did they ever try Idolmaster over here?
I don't think they did.
No, the closest thing you had to it was Hatsune Miku.
Yeah, I know Hatsune Miku, and that's kind of a very, I don't want to say cult game,
but it's kind of, you know, it's got its following, but it's not a triple-A title by
any means.
Well, who knows?
Maybe, I wish they just would try releasing it digitally or something, you know?
I don't know, anyway.
But Idolmaster is out in Japan on the Playstation 4 this week on July 28th.
You can also look forward to, in Japan this week, Tokaiden 2 comes out in regular and
Treasure Box editions.
That's from Koei Tecmo this week.
Look forward to that on the Playstation 4.
Also, a price reduction on Dragon Ball Xenoverse and Guilty Gear Revelator gets, I guess, some
type of re-release there with new subtitles this week.
Also, Fairy Fencer F Advent Dark Force this week.
Going to some of the other consoles, the Vita this week has Sekaiichi Nagai 5 Funkan comes
out this week, Mega Tagmension Blanc plus Neptune vs. Zombies, that's a mouthful.
That is out this week as well.
Tokaiden 2 is out on Vita as well, and Strawberry Knots in regular and limited edition.
I do not know what Strawberry Knots is, but it is not actually about strawberry.
I think this anime girl wearing a very short skirt who's about to show you her knots, her
name is probably Strawberry, or at least that's how that goes in my mind.
Let me lastly quick look at the 3DS to see if there's anything this week.
Oh, Puzzle and Dragons has two new releases this week.
There's Ryu no Shu and Kami no Shu both come out this week on the 3DS in Japan, so if you
are into Puzzle and Dragons, you have that to look forward to.
So how about the UK, Loki?
I'm not sure how accurate this list is, but I'm going to read it anyway.
So we have AW Phoenix Festa on, looks like Vita.
Help the game on PC, is that like, no, I don't know what that is, anyways, and then they
are saying that the Batman, the remasters are coming out on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One,
which I believe those are deleted at the end of the year, but whatever.
So yeah, they're saying Batman Arkham Asylum and Arkham City on PlayStation 4 and Xbox
One.
I won't buy that though, so I'm not sure if that's accurate, however, I do have a second
list I was going to take a look at here real fast.
Furry Fencer F Advent Dark Force on PlayStation 4, they're saying We Have a Few coming out
as well digitally on Xbox One and PC, and Olli Olli Epic Combo Edition on PlayStation
4.
Looking at chat over at live.vognetwork.com, AkumaJP says, Idle Master died with Xbox 360.
I didn't realize that, but then why are they bothering with PlayStation 4?
Maybe it was cheap to put together, who knows.
Orange Right says, I thought it was released as a very expensive iOS game.
Really?
I did not know.
If that's the case, I did not know that.
Huh.
I'll have to look that up.
All right, just a couple more stories for you guys, then the classic game of the week,
which I'm going to take over tonight, since I had to think of something last minute here.
I'm going to let Dark Soccer, Dark Soccer had picked a pretty big one for this week,
so I think she'd rather talk about it in a future week.
So I picked another one that I bet a lot of you haven't heard of, but it's timely.
We'll get into that after a couple more news stories here.
Loki.
So Google has announced that they're going to be hosting a brand new independent games
festival in San Francisco.
It's going to take place at the Terra Gallery on September 24th.
It's going to be dubbed the Google Play Indie Games Festival, and they're taking submissions
right now for Android developers for different, you know, games that are both fun and innovative.
And yeah, so they're really only interested in games from development teams, or smaller
development teams, so like 15 or less, or fewer, I guess, employees.
And then, yeah, so that's kind of cool that they're going to be doing that.
I'm going to be curious to see what the turnout is on that, especially, you know, there's
a lot of Android games out there.
I mean, it'd be nice to see if some of these submissions are getting a little bit of a
highlight on the Google Play Store or something like that.
I mean, it'd be interesting to see what they've got planned here.
Yeah, and let's not forget, you know, Pokemon Go from Niantic.
Niantic used to be a part of Google, so one could say that Niantic was once one of these
little indie studios.
You know, I guess it's hard to call something indie that's an offshoot of Google, but still,
you know, Google's got their eye on that stuff.
Right.
Yeah.
Does this mean they're going to be getting more gaming stuff?
I mean, because I know for a while there they were talking about maybe like, maybe the rumors
were like they were going to be doing like a set-top box like Ouya or something, but
I don't know if that's going to ever happen anymore.
It could be partially because of the phones.
It could be like an Android thing, but I think what I think it really is, you know, Google
is kind of interested in society's next big thing, whatever that may be.
You know, and you can credit a lot of what's happening with Pokemon Go.
You can kind of trace that back to Google, but you know, when you look at some of these
indie games that have been downright phenomenons, and I'm talking things like Minecraft, indie
game, Five Nights at Freddy's, indie game, Stardew Valley, I think is kind of coming
up on one of these, indie game.
You know, I think Google would want to have a piece of that, even if they aren't normally
a gaming company.
I think they would love to, you know, if they can kind of find and nurture that next big
thing, which you know, again, some would argue they did with Pokemon Go, I think they
would, I would very much like to have a part of that, so this could be part of it.
Some would like to also think it's just good guy Google, you know?
Maybe.
Maybe.
Let's see, going to chat over at live.fognetwork.com, Stoppy says, I'm always interested in what
games get featured.
It seems these guys can never get enough coverage.
Pretty sad because some games are really great.
And JD reminding us that Ouya got bought by Razer.
So Ouya's long gone at this point, right?
Because they just merged it into the Razer thing, right?
What's the Razer thing?
Didn't Razer have their own set-top box at some point?
Oh god, everybody does.
They still have, what is it?
The Nvidia Shield.
The only reason I know that's even a thing is because when I was looking for my, you
know, Bluetooth controller.
Brad says, I bought the, Brad from Pod Culture in chat says, I bought the Razer Forge, aka
Ouya 2.
It was the Razer Forge.
How are you liking your Forge?
Have you forged some new gaming experiences with it?
Does it make you go, ooh yeah, or uhh, no.
I can't imagine it's that much different from owning like a Steam box in some way, or not
the Steam TV thing.
I don't know.
Except that's not Steam coming out.
Brad from Pod Culture says, it isn't bad actually.
Okay.
Alright.
Anyhow, let's see.
I want to talk about Rock Band Rivals.
Rock Band Rivals.
Some details on this, they talked about it at E3, but now we know some more details on
Rock Band Rivals.
It's going to be a $30 expansion that will bring new features to Rock Band 4.
A story-based career mode and a series first, they're saying, a synchronous multiplayer
mode with both cooperative and competitive options.
So this is the first time I think that Rock Band's getting competitive play.
They are saying that regular online multiplayer will hit Rock Band 4 for a free update, but
they're saying that Rock Band Rivals is supposed to be like a counterpart for online play.
I guess it kind of expands on this.
You can team up with other players to create crews, which are in-game groups, and then
you compete in challenges each week, which will, you know, contribute to the group's
success as a whole if you pass, you fail, or what have you.
And so it's trying to get people back on to check with Rock Band 4 and play it pretty
regularly.
There's also what's called a Rock You Drama mode that's supposed to be like VH1's
Behind the Music that takes live-action footage and Rock Band gameplay, and it will make a
documentary about your rise to stardom.
See, the only way I could see you, you know, crashing and burning in this, you know, at
the end of that documentary thing is, you remember the Rock Band's intros, you know,
where they're just playing, you know, music on top of cars in front of trains and like
crazy stuff like that.
That's how you die.
You play your final show on top of a car, train, and you die.
This is interesting because it sounds to me kind of like, you know, like Guitar Hero,
the new Guitar Hero, kind of had the live-action footage with it, and it was actually pretty
well received.
So it's interesting that Rock Band, they aren't copying it, they're doing their own
take on it, which is kind of interesting.
I don't know, this is something I might want to check out, and I wasn't feeling so
great about Rock Band 4, but now it sounds like this might be the Rock Band 4 that I
wanted to play.
I'm not sure how I feel about 30 extra dollars to play it, but at least it sounds like some
of that is coming over into the regular game, so you can maybe like test it out before you
buy.
I don't know.
You also do get 10 tracks for your time for what it's worth, including Semisonic's closing
time.
You get some pre-order bonuses too.
One More Time from Maroon 5, 3 AM by Matchbox 20, and one of the other 10 tracks worth pointing
out, Sia's Chandelier.
And if you can do the dance that the girl does in the video while you play the song,
I think you should be able to get bonus points.
So that's some talented dancing going on there.
Or if you can play like Sia does, with the hair completely covering your eyes so you
can't actually see the notes on the screen.
That might be pretty cool as well.
Anyhow, 30 bucks for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, or you can get a bundle of everything
together for $60 if you don't yet own Rock Band 4.
So in other words, if you waited to buy Rock Band 4, then for the price of Rock Band 4,
you're going to get both.
Doesn't that make you feel good early adopters?
I'm trying to be hopeful.
All two of you.
I'm very much trying to be hopeful.
We'll see.
Comments and chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Stoppie says, a $30 expansion?
Ouch.
JD says, I didn't realize they were still making Rock Band games.
Yeah, Harmonics is kind of having a problem with that.
Exactly that.
Let's see.
Brad from Pod Culture says, where is all my previous Rock Band content?
God damn it.
And I kind of agree with that.
And let's see.
Stoppie says, you can make your own band and play for beer like the good old days.
Hopefully that will be in the docudrama.
We'll see.
I don't know.
Anyway, let's go back to a more classic time, shall we?
Back when games, you know, if they were broken on the first release, then that's it.
No patch.
Nothing to do.
I'm going way back this week with my pick because Dark Soccer, she will usually step
into the vault and find a game that she thinks, hey, you kids should be playing this this
week.
But she's not here.
So I'm taking over.
And the criteria is that the game does need to be 10 years old or more.
And I think tonight's game, if I'm not mistaken, is over 30 years old, which I'm going to date
myself a little bit.
Yeah, this game was released in 1984, so it's over 30 years old.
But maybe some of you will recognize it.
This is a timely choice.
Some of you may recognize it from this theme.
That's right.
The classic game of the week is Summer Games by Epyx on the Commodore 64.
Of course I picked the Commodore 64.
And by the way, this is one of the only parts of the game where music actually plays.
Otherwise it's a lot of ambient noise in the background.
So don't be surprised if the music in the background kind of cuts in and out.
So anyway, yes, the pick this week is Summer Games, which was one of the Epyx games.
That's E-P-Y-X games that was released on the Commodore 64 in 1984, but it was also
ported to the Apple II, the Atari 2600, believe it or not, the 7800, the XL and XE.
And it was on the Sega Master System, which I didn't realize that, and I never played
that version.
There was also an Amiga version, a Spectrum version, Amstrad CPC, and Atari ST versions.
And then it actually came out on the Commodore 64 Direct-to-TV that was released in 2004.
I don't know if you guys remember that, but like how we're getting a mini NES this year.
There was a Commodore 64, one of those in 2004, which I never bought, and I really should
have as a single tear rolls down my face.
Maybe I could find one on eBay.
I don't know.
Anyhow, interesting thing about this, this really was basically the Olympics on the Commodore
64.
Without getting the Olympics license.
That's right.
This game never uses the word Olympics, and you aren't playing in the Olympics, you were
playing in the Epyx games, and you can represent one of several countries.
I think there was like, I don't know, maybe like 18 or maybe 27 countries, but one of
the countries, and I'm using my quotey fingers, was Epyx.
You could actually play, you could represent the US, you could represent Canada, you could
represent, you know, Mexico, you could represent all these different companies, or you could
represent Epyx, which would play the Jumpman Jr. theme.
If you represented, because like you're, when you won a medal in the game, it would actually
play the theme for whatever, you know, country you were.
And so as a kid, this was a way that I got to learn national anthems besides just the
US.
Who knew?
Did you ever play this as a kid, Logie?
I don't think I ever did.
But no, it's funny though, like, so that would totally make like some of the track and field
events, you know, more unique if that bullet was chasing after you.
Let's see, so there are eight events in the game, I'm sorry, seven events I think in the
game.
Pole vault, platform diving, sprinting, gymnastics, freestyle swimming, skeet shooting, and rowing.
And I can tell you like three of those four events was just how fast can you wiggle the
joystick back and forth.
That's how you ran in the game was just, it was like track and field, you remember Konami's
old arcade game track and field?
Some of the events were a lot like that, and I would say summer games almost had more in
common with track and field than some other stuff.
You could save your world records to the disc, which you know, was kind of a big deal in
the 1984.
But what I also think was really cool about this, let's talk about the sequel because
who knows if they'll ever make, or if we'll ever talk about this game again.
But the sequel to the game was summer games two, and summer games two had some new events,
and actually summer games two was the one I happened to play first.
And that had, it also had rowing in it, it had equestrian, it had fencing and cycling,
like it had some different events.
But what was really cool is that if you had summer games two, you could actually link
to summer games one, and you could do all the events in one giant Olympics, and it would
just tell you to put in the disc for summer games one when those events came up.
So that's really cool, like that makes me think like, come on, you DDR fans remember
append mode in DDR third mix, right, where you'd switch out the disc and put in second
mix?
It's like that.
But in the 80s.
So that's really cool, I think.
And of course, there was a winter games as well that many of you are talking about in
chat over at live.vog network.com.
And yeah, that was another kind of sequel-ish, I don't know, I always played California games.
I don't see the interesting thing about California games.
Was that an epics game?
It was an epics game.
What is?
So maybe, you know, this was a huge game, you know, the reason why I bring this up,
it's not just the timeliness of the Olympics being around the corner and all that.
But this was a very successful game for the Commodore 64.
And I guess some historians actually refer to it as the most sustainably popular in the
long life of the Commodore 64, which of course, was one of the most popular home computing
devices in the 1980s.
So yeah, I mean, summer games is really a legend on this system.
And so yeah, I guess I'm not, I always thought California games had more in common with skate
or die.
I don't know why I'm thinking of that as an EA game.
Not really mean, I mean, it had like, it had a half pipe, well, what did it have?
It had like, it had BMX, I'm thinking of the Atari Lynx version, so, had BMX, Hacky Sack,
Surfing, and...
You're right, California games was a derivative of summer games and winter games, I never
realized it.
It was half pipe, roller skating, surfing, BMX, foot bag, and flying disc.
Did you know there was a California games too?
I never realized that.
That was hang gliding, jet ski, snowboarding, body surfing, and skateboarding.
That's pretty cool.
Maybe that's why I associated it more with the skater die.
Skater die really needs to come back.
Well, and then they had, there was skier die, was the direct-
Skater die.
Yeah.
Skater die too, though.
Yeah, that's right.
There was.
But yeah, seriously, skater die needs to come.
That's a game that like this year made, modern skater die.
Absolutely.
Going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com, Bobby Blackwolf says, I have VCR California
games from Epyx.
I never realized that they did one of those.
How'd you do that?
Well, you know, VCR games were like huge for like a year.
Yeah, I know.
I owned the Action Max at one time.
So that was like, that was an awkward time.
Let's see, this is, this is from my dad who said he was never a gamer yet had a Coleco
vision with like 80 games, bought the Action Max and like a Nintendo and all these other
obscure things.
Interesting.
And Bobby Blackwolf says it was a traditional board game, but some spaces would say play
the next clip and the clip would show if you succeeded or failed.
So it sounds super basic.
Okay.
Yeah.
Interesting.
Bobby Blackwolf also saying summer games two is my favorite game back in the day.
Yeah.
I like summer games too, because the events weren't just the wiggling of the joystick
and all that.
You had some other stuff, like, especially like fencing and stuff.
And especially in winter games, like when you did the ice skating events and stuff,
you really had to think about, okay, I want to do a jump here.
I want to do a, you know, and actually had a little soundtrack that would play during
the event.
So those games were a lot of fun.
So I wanted to acknowledge as we head into the Olympics this year, I thought this was
a good week to acknowledge summer games, your classic game of the week on the Commodore
64 and a variety of other systems.
I'm sorry.
It wasn't halo when Jamie isn't here, but she did put out a, um, a decree on Twitter
that she had the right to veto it if it was ever halo.
So she's thinking ahead to, to the inevitable week when, when Loki tries to, uh, your decrees
have no power here, she, she might have an issue with that.
Loki.
She might have an issue with that.
All right.
Uh, when we take a break, we're going to come back with plenty more show.
We've got some rapid fire news coming at you.
We also have some more, um, news stories to get into and, um, Hey, we forgot to talk about
our gaming weeks.
I just realized we never got into your, we talked about your wife's gaming week.
We didn't talk about ours, speaking of living in Bizarro world.
So we'll get into our gaming weeks as well.
We'll get into that a little late.
Uh, we may have some guests joining us in studio, supposedly heading back from where
they were at.
So we'll see who knows what awaits us when we come back with more of orange lounge radio,
right after this.
Welcome back everybody to orange lounge radio live tonight on July the 24th, 2016 with episode
number 651 of our show already in progress, myself and Loki here in studio.
And I already know what Loki's playing on his phone over there because I see his fingers
going tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap.
I haven't played it most of the, well, I have played it most of the week, but I didn't play
it this weekend.
And of course we're talking about tap Mike Katamari if you have no idea what, what we're
talking about there.
Uh, which, um, I've been playing a little bit of that, but not a ton.
I like you.
I kind of went a few days without playing it.
I think because like, you know, between Pokemon go and ingress, it's boring after a while.
It's like, it's, it's, I don't know.
It's just something to do while I'm sitting here because, well, I'm sorry that this show
is boring.
It's not boring me.
It's just like, it doesn't require me to pay attention to it at all.
It is.
It is.
It's kind of a Zen thing to do.
It's like, uh, you know, like when you are sitting in like a classroom or something,
you're playing with like slinky Rubik's cube or something that kind of, you know, something
keeps you, you're tactile or whatever.
All right.
Anyhow, uh, we're into some rapid fire news, uh, quickly here and then we'll get into our
gaming weeks.
So, uh, Loki, why don't you start us off?
All right.
So, um, as I mentioned, you know, during our release dates, Marvel ultimate Alliance is
going to be coming out of the agency remastered, they announced it at San Diego comic con.
And um, not only will he be able to purchase those separately, um, individually they're
going to be sold for $39.99, but you can also get a bundle that saves you a little
bit of money for $60 and get one and two.
And it'll be Marvel ultimate Alliance's first time on PC as well.
I will have to wait.
I don't know.
Those are supposed to be pretty good games.
I haven't actually played them yet, so I may have to check those out when they're on sale.
I might check it out, but I feel like if I can hold off till black Friday, they'll be
even cheaper.
So this is unfortunate, but apparently, um, uh, Shuhei Yoshida's Twitter has been hacked
as you know, a lot of different people have been, especially celebrities that are on the
internet have been hacked.
Um, you know, he, uh, as unfortunately, I'm not sure if it's the same kind of the same
method as how they were, um, getting into other celebrities out there using two factor
authentication and cloning their phones.
But in this case, a hacking group called our mine, um, had taken it over for a little bit
and they're also the same ones claiming that they were hacking Pokemon Go servers.
To be honest, I don't think Pokemon Go servers needed any help.
No one would even know.
Yeah.
I think Pokemon Go kind of went down on its own.
Yeah.
So, uh, well, yeah, so they just basically, you know, they posted a few tweets and that
was about it.
You know, basically saying it's our mind and X-Box forever, ha ha funny.
No one cares.
All right.
Uh, well, let's, uh, go to some other stories here, including, uh, and by the way, maybe
you want to pull up what Jamie was going to talk about already.
So this is interesting.
So they're going to be making a Pokemon movie, but it might not be what you think, uh, and
maybe Pokemon Go is to thank for this.
I don't know, but deadline, which is usually a, a, a website or a blog that reports a little
more on a movie news than they do on gaming news.
Uh, apparently the studio legendary pictures who made the recent Warcraft movie, but they've
done a lot of big, big movies.
Like the Batman BN series is all them.
And you know, uh, they, they do a lot of big stuff.
Uh, Jurassic world was them too, right?
I think it was maybe anyway, uh, legendary has gotten Nintendo and the Pokemon company
to sign off on a live action Pokemon movie.
Uh, apparently legendary is going to make a movie specifically about detective Pikachu,
Danny DeVito for Pikachu's voice.
I know, right?
Somebody get Danny DeVito on this immediately.
Like this is where now fans dreams can come true.
And Danny DeVito can be the voice.
I feel like Nintendo would never sign off on it, but we can dream.
So yeah, uh, it's going to be a mystery tale in the Pokemon universe starring detective
Pikachu production expected to begin in 2017.
But I would not get too excited until we know a voice, a director, you could do with, it's
always sunny in Philadelphia.
You can just be like there that, you know, the gang collects Pokemon or, uh, Alan alchemy
and chat over at live.vogmentwork.com suggests a Pokemon movie directed by Lars Von Trier
rated NC 17.
That shot that.
So what's his style called where it's like you just, you basically are shooting something
on a fucking home cam quarter.
You're doing your whole movie natural, like dog dogmo was a Kevin Smith film, but it's
something he has like this certain method of shooting movies that's just basically like
cheap.
No, not found footage either.
I don't know.
It's yeah, I don't know.
Speaking of found footage, do you see there's another trailer or new trailer for a Blair
witch movie?
Apparently the woods is in fact a Blair witch sequel and everybody's losing their fucking
mind about it because this is a proper sequel.
Unlike the big studio one they did a couple of years after the first movie, I guess they're
kind of, I thought it was like a reboot or something.
I didn't actually know this is a set in the same universe.
It's the girl's brother from the first movie.
Yeah.
So I guess there is, are they doing all found footage like, or still, you know, it didn't
seem like it.
It was a trailer cause it didn't look like it kind of, it didn't look like found footage,
but they shot it like a shaky movie kind of like, I think they're, so I think they wanted
to get away from found footage cause a lot of movies do that now, the horror movies,
but they still kind of wanted to keep that cause remember the big thing with the original
was that like the camera shakes so much you're going to barf cause it's just like on the
big screen in the theater.
It was a big problem when it first came out.
So I think they still want to kind of keep that style of like violent, you know, movie,
but violent nausea.
Yeah.
Anyway, I don't know what that has to do with games, but maybe, maybe there'll be a video
game tie in.
They had a Blair Witch video game.
Did they have a Blair Witch video game?
I think it was a PC game.
I think you're on PlayStation one.
I feel like there was something maybe, maybe, I don't know, maybe not.
I could have made that up anyway.
This is kind of cute.
A Twitter account for Xbox in the UK posted re-imagined Xbox games as Pokemon Go.
That's right.
You can check this out on their Twitter from Xbox UK that says we've caught the Pokemon
Go fever and couldn't help but wonder what some of our games might look like.
And there's some doctored screens of Forza Go, Crackdown Go, and Halo Go.
And obviously it's just a little tongue in cheek thing, you know, making a joke about
Pokemon Go like a lot of companies are doing.
But what was funny about it is that they're all showing that they're running on Windows
phones, which Pokemon Go, they don't have Windows phone support.
That's why they have to.
So they have to come up with their own thing.
But then it also kind of made me think like I would totally play Forza Go, but they have
to think of a way to keep it safe because obviously it can't be about racing and the
things that you do in Forza.
It's all the opposite stuff that like Ingress and Pokemon Go, it's like it only counts your
distance if you're moving, you know, below, you know, 20 some miles an hour.
It's like it only counts your distance if you're moving over that.
Over the speed limit is what would count the speed limit.
They have to do something safe.
I don't know.
Yyr in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says Crackdown Go sounds awesome.
Skills for kills agents, skills for kills.
I think wasn't there supposed to be some game somebody was talking about in one of the Ingress
Hangouts I think where like you actually use your phone to like kill people.
Yes, actually.
No, it is a thing.
It's an Indiegogo project right now.
I don't remember the fuck it's called.
It's like laser tag.
So you you get a case that goes on your phone and you use your phone like you hold your
phone out in front of you to basically shoot the other players.
Huh.
So it is a thing.
DarkTetsuya in chat suggests a future list list on Go game we want to see.
We might have to schedule that for a future week.
Also Tigerclaw wanted to link us to this before we get to your news.
There was a Blair Witch trilogy of video games, in fact, on Windows based PCs.
There was Blair Witch Volume 1, Rust and Par, Volume 2, The Legend of Coffin Rock, and Volume
3.
Oh, that's what it was called.
It was called Father I.O.
The Ellie Kedward tale.
Yeah, Father I.O. is the laser tag game that's on Indiegogo and they're saying or it's the
I'm sorry, Father I.O.
It's what is it called here?
It's I don't think it's actually called Father I.O.
It's the god load you stupid page.
Internet difficulties.
No, they're just like, it's garbage.
Basically, no, no, we're just not going to do this fucking have to log in to see your
stupid page.
No, that's not going to happen.
They have like, yeah, the interceptor is what they're calling the actual like gun thing.
And it looks like it's basically they're calling it the first real life, massively multiplayer
laser tag game.
So let me see if I can spin this around here.
So this is basically what it looks like, which is great radio for you to be a visual right
now.
Go search the Googles for father that I.O. or OK, Indiegogo laser tag.
Looks very Tron.
Yeah.
So you get that thing and then you basically slap it on your phone and it has, you know,
they're saying it's Bluetooth.
It's got some infrared receivers, emitters and a built in battery so that you can play
a little bit longer.
But yeah, that's the game is basically we're running around shooting each other.
All right.
I don't know how we got on that topic from Pokemon Go clones, but that's all right.
Let's move on.
What what what what would have dark soccer talk to us about tonight?
Should we talk about grandiose three?
It's now going to be available on the PlayStation store.
And yeah, it's under the PlayStation two classics banner.
You can check it out.
Also, I think, yeah, it's going to be ten dollars.
I will wait until a sale or something.
Yeah, again, one of those games to wait for Black Friday.
Yeah, exactly.
Or the flash sale.
Not necessarily.
Animal Crossing New Leaf is getting some amiibo based updates later this year.
So they're going to be adding content, of course, before the Amiibos only worked with
that happy home designer, which, I'll be honest, is kind of a waste of a Pokemon game animal
crossing game.
But they're going to be adding compatibility later this year.
And it's going to basically be supporting both the Amiibos and the Amiibo cards.
And what exactly is it going to do?
I don't know.
Basically, they're saying that they have new animals as well.
They're going to be showing off them, including some that look like Callie and Marie from
Splatoon, as well as a squid themed house, or, you know, I don't know.
That'd be kind of neat.
And new figures, I guess, are going to be released as well.
So it looks neat.
I don't know.
I didn't play this really on the 3DS, but I mean, it's kind of cool that they're adding
this, especially for a game that came out back in 2012, I mean, it's kind of amazing
to even see updates for that.
But I guess if you can do that and sell some more Amiibos in the process, why not?
I never really understood the point of happy home designer, but I think, you know, full
fledged animal crossing game is pretty cool.
Does this mean we're going to see some more updates for older games as well?
I mean, other older games, that'd be kind of cool.
I love that they're going back and like updating a really old title, even if it's, you know,
Amiibo stuff, but still, I think that's pretty cool.
Yeah.
And like they're showing that, like I said, you know, they have the Amiibo stuff for like,
they have Splatoon themed stuff in there.
So that's kind of neat that you'll be able to use your Amiibos for something.
I'm always about, you know, having more, you know, make those things have a purpose, you
know, have some more support in these games and there should be more of them that support
them if you're going to push this platform.
YYR in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says Nintendo has announced that the primary function
of Animal Crossing New Leaf's Amiibo support is to incite a Loki rant.
I know this is true.
I read it on the internet.
And they have also got, was it, they're showing off, let's see, what else do they have here?
Oh, that's about it.
Yeah.
So neat.
Okay.
Yeah.
I mean, I don't really care too much about Pokemon on 3DS.
I mean, it's, I don't know Pokemon, Animal Crossing.
It's cool.
I mean, might as well support these older titles.
I mean, I'm just surprised that we haven't heard of a new Animal Crossing game yet, but
I guess that's for the NX.
If the NX really is a console slash handheld hybrid, Animal Crossing seems like a perfect
fit for that, but we'll see.
Time will tell.
Yeah.
All right.
Let's, let's go to, how was your gaming week?
Cause we never did that at the beginning of the show.
So I think now's a good opportunity for us to take a trip and talk about what we've been
playing this week.
I think I probably forgot cause I don't have a lot of new stuff in my gaming week, but
maybe you, you had a different experience.
Loki, I don't know.
No, I did not.
And I didn't get to play any console games this week because once again, my wife has
been monopolizing the TV.
Thankfully we've taken a break or as I used to say, she's taking a break from watching
Grazing Anatomy so that we can watch, um, Stranger Things, but, and you know, eventually
that's going to end and it's just going to be the Grazing Anatomy repeat of all 10 seasons
again.
God.
I hate that show.
Uh, so no, this week I've been playing Pokemon Go a little bit.
Um, a lot of it's been mainly just to and from work.
I've never really been playing, you know, the only time I actually went out and played
was like, uh, you know, this weekend I took my son to the mall to play it.
Um, we wanted to go downtown or somewhere outdoors, but it just didn't work out.
Like you know, the weather that we have right now, it's like 90 like at 10 o'clock.
It's just, it's not good unless you get out there like super early, which we just didn't
cause I had to get my car as long.
Um, so I played that, I played Ingress just enough to, um, you know, keep all my streaks
going and everything.
And I actually did do some fielding stuff because I was in the areas to do that and
it's been a lot easier now that with the local drama and everything to be able to take over
certain areas.
Um, so been doing that and then of course, you know, tap my katamari, been playing that
a little bit.
Um, this game really has no point, so eventually I'll get bored with it.
Um, but for now I just, you know, playing for really no reason cause there's no point
to the game.
Uh, I have to admit my gaming week has not been that exciting.
I was still playing Final Fantasy 14, which got the deep dungeon patch this week, which
was, it was okay, but I was just, I was hoping it would be a little more solo friendly and
it definitely seems like the deep dungeon is, and, and you know, if you don't know or
following Final Fantasy 14 news, it's basically like a randomly generated dungeon that you
can run, um, over and over again as a, it's kind of like a different, like little side
thing, like an exploration side thing that they've put in the game basically.
Um, but it's not tuned very well for solo play.
Uh, I mean if you want to do like super hard mode and I guess that's the point of it, you
can do solo play, but then if you're playing with like four people, you can practically
steamroll through it.
So I don't know, I feel like I would have liked the balance to have been a little different
or even maybe customizable with different rewards and that would have been very cool.
But uh, yeah, I don't know.
It just, I like it more than the last exploration thing they tried to do, which was the Diadem.
Um, but uh, it's, I was kind of hoping for more.
Um, I also checked out on the PlayStation 4 this week and I did a quick live stream earlier.
Uh, I did a live stream for Gradius 2, which they released on the PlayStation 4 as part
of the Arcade Archives.
And one thing I learned during the live stream is that boy, am I fucking terrible at Gradius
2, which is the song that, or which is the game that Burning Heat came from, uh, in the
first stage.
Remember that old, uh, DDR 2DX song?
Yeah.
So, uh, you could watch me play that game for a little while and be very, very, very
terrible at it on the archives on my Twitch channel at Rob Rogers.
So like all games you play.
Oh, hi Shane.
How are you?
Hello.
Fine.
I'm tired.
Thank you for randomly dropping in the show and blessing us with your presence.
How are you?
You're welcome.
I'm so sleepy.
Why are you late?
You could have been here to fill in for Dark Sakura.
Okay.
So I've been moving all day, so I'm exhausted.
And me and my friend, we went and saw Spirited Away in the theaters on 35.
I thought your friend was going to stay and be on the show.
No, he's got stuff he needs to do.
He'd probably be more interesting than you, but.
Wow.
Well, I guess we're going to turn off this mic a whole bunch tonight just to annoy you.
Oh, and I've got all these things I can rustle too, because I haven't finished my food.
He knows that's my pet peeve when he rustles the fricking paper on the microphone.
Okay.
No, all kidding aside.
So you went in some movies.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We saw Spirited Away at a local theater.
They had it on 35 millimeter film.
I've never even seen that movie.
So it was my first time seeing it and it was subbed, not dubbed.
Oh, interesting.
What'd you think?
It was good.
It, like, I don't know, the way they kind of wrapped everything up really quick at the
end was annoying, but I also didn't want to sit there for another two hours just so they
could wrap everything up.
But it was still a good movie, despite it sounding like I'm complaining about it.
I'd see it again.
And that theater was cool.
I really liked that theater.
Oh, yeah.
It's a gorgeous theater.
Yeah.
Akuma JP in chat asks, why?
And I'm not sure if that's a question about Gradius 2 or if that's a question about Spirited
Away, because this is kind of a random thing to just show on the big screen out of nowhere,
but.
Yeah.
They're doing another one.
They're doing Howl's Moving Castle on August 14th.
Oh, that's a really good one.
I'll be at Power Morphicon, so I'll be able to see it.
I'll go without you.
All right.
Sounds like a plan.
Yeah.
And it says, OK, why now?
Spirited Away.
I don't know.
I just they I don't know.
Apparently, they showed it yesterday and the demand was so great that they decided to do
it again today.
And it was like packed that entire theater was full.
This is also like one of the art house cinemas downtown.
It's not one that usually plays a lot of mainstream movies.
So I think once in a while they do special screenings to play all the Pokemon movies
out of there.
I'm using my quotey fingers, cult movies.
They seem to do that once in a while.
Yeah.
They also like it's the theater that will play A Wonderful Life.
It's a Wonderful Life at Christmas.
Yeah.
On their marquee.
They had like they're going to have weird science there and Lethal Weapon.
Awesome.
So, yeah, they do that, I guess.
But not Rocky Horror Picture Show.
Thank goodness.
Shut up.
We've been trying to do that at that theater for years.
I can see why it has a stage and everything.
Well, so does the one we do it at now has all that, too.
But the location for that one is great.
Anyway.
All right.
So we were talking about How Was Your Gaming Week?
So I was talking about Gradius 2.
And then I wanted to mention real quick, I also this week may have spent a little money
to reactivate World of Warcraft.
And yeah, I've been playing with the guys from gamebuoy.org in their guild.
I don't know.
They had a big patch this week.
I was curious.
Fourteen has kind of slowed down a lot.
I mean, yeah, they had the deep dungeon patch, but I don't know, I'm kind of just waiting
on the expansion for Fourteen.
So now seemed like a good time to check out WoW and see what's kind of changed and different.
And you know, it's inevitable that as somebody who did play WoW for years and years and even
had a podcast on it at one time, I have to at least check out the expansion.
I think as a player that played so long, you are required to like even I'm required to.
Yeah.
And so as much as you might want to roll your eyes, you know, I am rolling my eyes because
you pay like I wanted to see the changes.
And so I just made a trial character.
It's not a great way to see the changes, but I'm not paying Blizzard yet.
Yet is the key word there.
Just saying.
Yeah.
All right.
Um, let's see.
That's really it for my gaming week.
Isn't that enough between all the standard stuff?
I mean, I dipped into Diablo three.
I didn't even realize season six ended at some point and they're starting season seven
in a couple of weeks.
I had to dip into Diablo three, but not a lot, a lot of L's.
Shane, how about you?
So she just joined us.
How was your gaming week?
What kind of video games you played this week?
Um, I played Pokemon.
That's that's how I play.
Like for real, I can't not Pokemon go cause I'm like, as I talked about on the podcast
that we have for Pokemon, um, which I forget the name of it right now, um, just things
slipped my mind.
The pokey.
Stop podcast.
There you go.
Stop for all the Pokemon chat.
Anyway, that three foot bug or whatever is just really, really terrible.
But that's why you use pokey vision.
But I don't want to have to use something extra just to be able to hunt them down because
I like going saves you.
It saves you time for having to hunt them down because you can go, okay, I need this
one.
Oh, it's right there.
But that's not the fun of Pokemon.
Go for me.
The fun of Pokemon go is getting with friends and then just like looking at the radar and
seeing what's near and then if something pops up, we start to hunt it.
It's not like I'm, I do want to go to like the Dratini farm that's in Sacramento.
But beyond that, I just like driving around and oh look, there's a freaking something
or other.
I don't even know why I'm missing at this point, but I like that aspect and that bug
is ruining it for me.
But I'm talking about Pokemon X, Y, Omega Ruby, Alpha Sapphire.
I just play that constantly shiny hunting and I redid or I'm still in the process of
redoing my info chart thing.
Just so you know, Pokevision says there's a Vulpix down the street.
Don't even care.
Four minutes left on it.
That's cool for that Vulpix who's going to go get murdered by people.
But I redid my little spreadsheet and I, you know, I was on our podcast, I was like, oh,
I'm just like above 60 barely maybe.
No, I'm pushing 70 now apparently after doing all my updates.
So I am over 10% of the way done.
So that makes me happy.
And that's it.
Cause I don't play any other games.
All right.
Well, Pokemon is a big investment.
Yeah.
Let's yeah.
Between all the copies I'm getting for Sun and Moon at this point, I'm at eight copies
of that game total when it comes out between the games I'm going to keep and the ones I'm
gifting.
So Akuma JP in chat over at live.vognetwork.com, remember he lives in Japan and says my Yo-kai
Watch 3 is like collecting dust now ever since Pokemon Go released here.
Interesting timing how that worked.
I wonder if they did that on purpose because what didn't Yo-kai Watch 3 have like no competition
right when it came out.
Like no other games released.
Yeah, we did the, we went over the releases the other week and yeah, nothing else was
out that week.
So that is some clever timing because a lot of people are like that.
Whether it was intentional or not.
That's gotta be intentional.
I gotta say though, I think the Yo-kai event that's coming to Final Fantasy 14 looks really
cute.
I really want that ghost mount.
Yeah, it is a, it's a cute event that's coming, but still, that's crazy that that had to be
planned.
You know what, you can actually get that Vulpix right now because it's within distance from
us.
I should turn on Pokemon Go.
I haven't done it all today.
Well, now that's a different story, right Shane?
Yeah, cause I don't have to get up.
Just sit right here.
I think I should bring up my phone as well and make Loki do another story here at Orange
Lounge Radio.
I would assume by now you caught the Vulpix anyway.
No, I don't know.
I know I did in the beta, but like, you know, a lot of these Pokemon that were in the beta
that were just all over the place, you know, like, oh, hey, cool.
It's doing the fucking curveball glitch again.
That's awesome.
Curveball glitch?
I fucking like just throwing my balls in nowhere.
Out of context, that's an amazing, even Shane's laughing.
Okay, seriously, fuck this bullshit.
Well, we'll just put you on hold for a while.
Anyways, seriously, fix your shit.
This is kind of tragic, you know, because it was a promo for like a video game that
is kind of okay.
I mean, I don't know, but they were doing a promo shoot for that brand new Ubisoft extreme
sports game called Steep, and there was a pro skier, Matilda Rapinport, who got caught
in an avalanche during the shoot and died.
So absolutely tragic.
That's got to be a terrible way to go, but of course, you know, they're deeply saddened
to learn that she's died, and, you know, she's a remarkable free-skiing athlete.
And yeah, that was pretty terrible.
That's, yeah, that's tragic that that happened.
I mean, I guess it's not totally about video games, but it just also goes to show that
these commercials and stuff, you know, sometimes they do some really extreme stuff to show
on the television.
I wonder if they'll memorialize certain games somehow.
I think they would have to.
I really hope they do.
I really hope they do.
Well, to try and lighten the mood a little bit, let's talk about LEGO Dimensions and
some new expansion packs that are coming out for LEGO Dimensions.
Now, we already knew about this because of E3.
They've already talked about these new packs, but we got some of the details about when
and what we're getting.
So, first off, Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, which will be, I guess, six
new levels and new bricks for the LEGO Gateway.
It's, yeah, that's pretty cool.
I guess there's two packs that actually come with this.
There's a story pack and a second pack that's like a fun pack.
So they're doing a lot for this, but they're expecting this movie to be...
So is the story pack not fun because they had to make a fun pack also?
No, I think the fun pack is just a different figure and I don't think it actually has the
levels in it, so there are probably different prices is what it is.
The Sonic the Hedgehog pack will have a new level with locations from Sonic games, including
Green Hill, Emerald Coast, Labyrinth, and more.
They'll have a Sonic mini figure and a three-in-one Sonic speedster.
Wait, real quick, speaking of Sonic, did we already cover the Sonic stuff from this week?
We did, but I'm sure you have something to say.
I just want to talk about the music from the trailer, how I kept that on loop like crazy
because it was so good.
And I also want to talk about for Loki right now that I caught that Vulpix.
Yeah, I did too.
That was like an hour ago.
Yes, let me describe the series of events that happened with Vulpix.
So first we had the stupid, you know, curveball glitch thing, which didn't fucking work.
What is the curveball glitch?
The curveball glitch is basically where when you're throwing, normally to do a curveball
you have to make little circles and then you throw.
A curveball glitch means it just fucking does it when it fucking feels like it.
Oh, well that...
And it will keep doing it just because it fucking feels like it.
And then on top of that...
I think it's Logi's phone.
And then on top of that, so I, you know, I closed the app down, put it back up, and then,
or no, I'm sorry, I, you know, put it to sleep, brought it back up again, that was fixed.
I threw the thing and then it started doing it again.
Close it, put it back up again, or, you know, put it to sleep, put it back.
GPS lost, the whole thing fucking froze.
Closed the whole app down, brought it back, Vulpix spawned again, and immediately disappeared.
So fuck this fucking game.
Can I, can I go back to talking about Legos, please?
Because the next one is Gremlins, and I kind of think Shane wants to know the details about
the Gremlins pack.
Yes, please, because I do love Gremlins.
Okay, so the Gremlins team pack will have rivals Gizmo and Stripe Lego minifigures.
You can rebuild the 3-in-1 RC Racer vehicle into the Gadget, Omatic, and Scarlet Scorpion,
and the 3-in-1 Flash and Finish into Rampage, Record Player, and Stripe's Throne.
I wish they were doing Gremlins 2 instead, because I think that would lend itself better
to Lego Dimensions because it's so goofy, whereas Gremlins 1, while kind of goofy, was
also pretty dark.
ET, the Extra Terrestrial, is out also.
It will have an ET Lego minifigure, and you can build the Phone Home device and rebuild
it into Mobile Uplink and Supercharged Satellite.
And then lastly, Adventure Time.
The Adventure Time fun pack will have Marceline the Vampire Queen as a Lego minifigure, and
then you can build the Lunatic Amp to make some noise and rebuild it into the Shadow
Scorpion and Heavy Metal Monster for extra in-game powers.
So there you go.
That is some details on the upcoming Lego packs.
Cool.
They're all coming out in November, by the way.
Let's move on with, I guess I'll do this one, unless you have it up, Loki.
Jamie's next story.
I have them all up.
Okay, you want to talk about this then?
Yeah, we can talk about it.
So this is kind of different.
I'm not sure how wide of an audience this is going to be for, but Square Enix is developing
a game specifically for the Apple Watch, and it's a game called Chaos Rings.
Or it's from a series, Chaos Rings, but now it's a spinoff called Cosmos Rings, which
you can only play on an Apple Watch.
And they don't really have any other details other than it's going to release later this
summer.
I'm very curious to know how with that tiny screen, but I'm sure that's what a lot of
people are thinking right now, is how's that going to work with such a tiny screen, but
we'll see.
You have some screenshots.
It doesn't really look like much.
Is it something that maybe teams up with your phone or with a Mac or something that would
maybe elaborate?
I don't know.
Maybe.
I don't know.
It just doesn't look like much.
I would not be interested to play this.
It almost looks like...
It reminds me of a higher definition version of those PocketStation games.
They're very limited, lower resolution, they kind of played in conjunction with other things,
but it just doesn't look that great at all.
I don't really know what the point of it is.
All right.
So you also have some Pokemon Go news for us.
Boy, we can't stop talking about this game.
Make this quick, because some people in chat are like, oh God, they're talking about Go
again.
It's the biggest thing in gaming right now.
Yeah, so Pokemon Go, it's launched in Japan.
That's a pretty big deal.
So they did that.
And also France, actually.
So it launched in France as well.
And then, this is a little bit more regional, but Zipcar, which is I guess like an Uber
or something like that, they're doing free chauffeured rides for Pokemon Go players in
Boston.
So you can, you know, normally you would rent those cars, I guess.
So Zalenny reserved the cars to go play around the city.
Neat, I guess.
I guess, yeah.
How did you make money off that, though?
Maybe it's a brand awareness thing.
Yeah, they're also supplying snacks, water, and phone chargers for those playing Pokemon
Go.
All right.
Let's talk about something that might be too little, too late.
I don't know.
But Nintendo this week released a demo to Star Fox Zero.
That's right.
If you want to check out Star Fox Zero, you can actually check out a free downloadable
demo.
There's pretty much the game's tutorial mode, and there's also the Battle Begins animated
short tacked on there.
So it should give you a good feel if you're going to actually enjoy the game or not, which
a lot of critics didn't.
But a lot of people seem to like it well enough.
I don't think I was hearing a lot of bad feedback, but I don't think the game sold very well
either.
So I'm really surprised that Nintendo didn't try to push this demo a lot sooner.
I mean, I understand if maybe they didn't want it out there week one, but I'm really
surprised they didn't get it out there within the first month because Star Fox Zero came
out what, like three months ago?
I don't know.
Anyway, Nintendo may be changing things up because a free version of Metroid Prime Blast
Ball also came out, and this is before Federation Force, which is supposed to include this as
a part of it.
So interesting that they are putting that out a little early to try to raise awareness
for Federation Force, which I didn't realize is only a month away.
Holy moly.
Maybe I'll check out the Star Fox Zero demo just to see if, kind of what I think.
How many times do they get to play the demo because of this bullshit that they have these
stupid play limited demos?
I don't know if it has a play limit or if it does, they're not talking about it.
It probably does.
Like all their demos do.
Yeah, but have you ever hit or even gotten close to the limit?
Even Bravely Default?
But why even have a limit?
It's a fucking demo.
I don't understand that.
Oh well, if they could play the demo a bunch of times, then you're just not gonna buy the
game.
If your game is that fucking lame that a demo can suffice for you, the gameplay in it, then
your game is not good enough.
I don't know.
I don't know the logic behind it either, but I'm assuming it's so that it can't exist years
and years and years from now or something.
I don't know.
That's dumb.
Or it's like everybody learned their lesson after Konami with P.T., like that overshadowed
anything that they're ever gonna do for the rest of their history.
Good point.
All right, let's go to our mailbag.
Every week you guys email us, participate at orangeloungeradio.com, and usually Dark
Sakura will dive into the mailbag head first and read her favorite emails for you.
However, since she is out unexpectedly tonight, I will be taking on that role bravely in her
behalf.
Maybe you can still, of course, always send us emails, participate at orangeloungeradio.com.
Let's get to our first email tonight from Andy R., who's emailing us about, guess what?
Pokemon Go.
That's right, Pokemon Go.
Hey, some more Pokemon Go for you, because why not?
It's almost like he knew what tonight's show is gonna turn into.
First, I do wanna say that I agree with Loki.
The game's mechanics really aren't that good.
The gym fighting is especially boring and exacerbated by the server troubles that make
it near impossible for me to even fight gyms.
Somehow the game has its hooks in me, though, and I've been taking a lot of midnight walks
to catch Pokemon when I would otherwise be avoiding this Phoenix heat.
Side note, my FU of the week goes to Niantic for releasing this during the time of year
when it's 110 degrees almost every day.
You poor soul.
Anyway, uh, second, and what I really wanna get to, but why is this game bringing out
the assholes so much?
Maybe it's just my Twitter or Facebook, but recently the number of Pogo posts is starting
to be outweighed by the I'm not playing Pokemon Go because I'm not 10 years old posts.
On a base level I can get it, the pushback against something that's popular or getting
a lot of hype.
I feel the same every Superb Owl season, or when people are going nuts for a new Call
of Duty game, a series I've never been into.
But I feel like what sets the Pogo hate apart is how much it seems to be targeting the players
more than the game itself.
The cultural zeitgeist that preceded the Star Wars movie last year was certainly accompanied
by a ton of the the Star Wars movies really aren't that good counterculture, but I didn't
see anyone calling Star Wars fans fat or lazy.
Meanwhile, every other anti-Pogo post insinuates that players are basement-dwelling neonates
with a severe lack of social skills or talking about how the poster doesn't need a stupid
app to get them to exercise.
Andy, when they say those things, they're only talking about team instinct.
I'm kidding, I'm kidding, I'm kidding, I'm not...
Don't take that seriously, I'm not getting into the team war hype, but sometimes it's
a little fun to throw a little shade, a little shade.
Andy R. concludes, what do you think of the reactions to this game, or is this just the
internet being the internet?
Thanks, Andy R. What do you think?
Shane, what do you think of all the anti-Pogo stuff that's out there?
I don't really see it, to be honest.
Well, you don't even log into Facebook, really, right?
Is that why?
It's on Twitter, and what did I see today after I got out of the movie?
Everybody going crazy over actual artwork of the leaders from Pokemon Go, and it's like
everybody's still having a good time, and I see an occasional celebrity or faux celebrity
have to say something like, oh, this is worthless, go do something better.
But that's it, normal, genuine people on Twitter seem to be like, this is so much fun, and
I love socializing with everybody and getting out and doing this.
I think it is a large part the internet being the internet, and because on social media,
a lot of people crave attention, because it's very easy to get on social media.
And sometimes the quickest way to get attention is to run counterculture against whatever
is the big thing right now.
And I think this happens with a lot of stuff.
I don't think it's necessarily limited to video games.
Like you illustrated in your email, it's about movies.
I think it's a huge part of why politics is so fucking gross this year, even compared
to eight years ago, four years ago.
I think just more of the whole me, me, me, listen to me, and if you disagree with me,
block unfriend and all that type of stuff, I think a lot of that plays into it, in my
opinion.
I don't know.
Loki, what do you think about the whole, why do people feel the need to shout from the
rooftops that Pokemon Go is stupid?
Because people want attention.
Yeah.
That's pretty much it.
Is it getting them attention, though?
Besides an eye roll, are they getting attention from these posts?
Well, I think sometimes-
I don't know.
It depends who's saying it.
Especially when these celebrities are like, I don't get this stuff, and then they'll be
the ones that denounce it, and then they'll try it, and they'll be the ones that are like,
oh, this is so awesome.
Why aren't you doing this?
And they'll completely, it's like, well, hey, but didn't a couple weeks ago you say that?
And it's just like, no, they're not going to acknowledge that.
So quick little story about that.
There is a former Power Ranger actor on Instagram decided to post something trying to rally
support about how stupid this all was.
He got no support and took that post down.
I thought that was hilarious.
It's like, nope, nobody's going to bite for your attention right there.
Interesting.
Yes.
I'm going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Vid Power says, we need some Team Harmony up in here.
Every time somebody says Team Harmony, this is my brain, I immediately think of the Harmony
Hut from Addams Family Values.
Do you remember this?
No.
What is that?
Oh, come on.
Somebody.
They had to go to the Harmony Hut.
It was kind of like the punishment where they had to watch Disney movies and it would force
them to turn happy.
I saw that movie so long ago.
Somebody out there.
I've never seen that movie.
Somebody has to fucking know what I'm talking about.
Cause it's exactly what I think of when you talk about Team Harmony.
Oh, thank you.
Akuma JB says, yes.
Okay.
JD says in chat, a lot of the hate comes from Facebook, the same kind of people who post
minions images.
It's honest to God.
It's really time for Facebook to die.
And on a side note, some people have been asking me lately, like, where's the Fugu question
of the week?
And here I'm torn because did you not do in this week?
I forgot.
I forgot.
And I've been forgetting a lot recently, honestly.
And you know, that's my bad.
I find that I've been logging into Facebook less and less and once in a while I'll go
post something, but I'm almost like, then there's things like, I'll try to reply to
someone's post.
Like I replied to someone's post the other day with something like very well intentioned.
And I got this, like, I kid you not six paragraph reply on how what I said was not taken the
way that I meant to say it.
And that I was like, you know what, fuck Facebook.
Fuck you.
Fuck Facebook.
Fuck all this.
Fuck your high horses.
I'm out.
It's not Facebook.
It's just dumb people and dumb people are everywhere.
But no way.
Here's the problem I have with Facebook.
People are not inherently dumb.
I really don't believe I'm not that cynical.
That's not me, but Facebook really gives everybody a platform to fucking be dumb.
That's what it is.
It extracts the dumbness out of people.
That's what Facebook does.
So there's a part of me, honest to God, even though I love that you guys participated in
it, it's probably with one of our, one of our most like interactive segments.
There's a part of me that just wants to not contribute to Facebook culture.
Is that so wrong?
That's my honest to God answer for where did the Facebook question of the week go?
I don't want to help Facebook anymore.
It sucks.
That's why I just took my email, post the question at the end of the show, send in your
emails.
That's what we do on, on ranger pride.
Kind of.
We do put it on Facebook sometimes when either of us remembers, but Facebook to me lends
itself to giving people a really long winded platform to explain all of their thoughts
and stupid rationale.
Sometimes like Twitter, you got this much room to try to type it in.
So you only have this much room to be stupid.
And so it just works out better in my opinion.
Now, what I was going to say about Facebook though, is their fucking notifications are
still fucking pissing me off.
And I do everything in my power.
Like I've made sure that I dialed those notifications back.
Why am I getting fucking notified when a friend is commenting on his own picture or made it
a, you know, posted that picture and made a comment on it.
I didn't fucking like that picture.
I didn't even see that picture.
I should not be getting fucking notifications on that shit.
And I thought I turned that off and I know I've turned that off several times or in why
like even comment on anybody's posts anymore because as soon as you do get fucking chain
of all the different people that have commented on it because Facebook needs to let you know,
you need to know, uh, JD and chat says, I missed the live journal days.
I do too.
And you know what?
The one big difference between live journal and Facebook was, was that I could disable
the fucking comments anytime I wanted to on, on live journal.
And I can't do that on Facebook.
And I swear to God, it's the one thing that really, really, really holds Facebook back
sometimes.
I don't know.
I'm just, I'm just kind of over it.
So I didn't mean for that to be a tangent and ER, but I guess, I guess the answer to
this question hit a fucking nerve somewhere along the line.
And I, I, I, I guess that's the, my answer to your question.
Why do people feel the need to shout from the rooftops that they're anti something because
social media fucking sucks sometimes.
That's that's, that's my answer.
So why, why should I continue to support it?
I don't know.
Anyway.
Uh, let's see.
I'm looking at some other comments, uh, in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
Fifth dream says, Twitter is worse for that now I turned off show tweets I might like,
Oh, I think he's talking about more of the reordering thing.
The thing I do kind of like,
Yeah, no Twitter with it's all here's stuff he missed.
I'm like, I don't care.
I can scroll down.
Here's people who should follow.
Nope.
I would have followed them by now.
Here's a like top tweets.
No, I don't care about that at all.
That stuff is annoying.
I just really like on Twitter that it forces people to keep it brief and it is very easy
for me to filter out stuff I don't want to see.
I also don't like it how the Twitter app starts me off where I was last time.
So I have to scroll up through three days or two days, however long it's been since
I logged in to see the top tweets again.
Um, but of course, Twitter, I mean not, I'm not praising Twitter cause Twitter has its
own issues and we Lord knows we saw a ton of those this past week, but whatever.
Anyway, um, where else am I, uh, looking at more comments now the chat room is lighting
up over at live.vognetwork.com.
Uh, let's see, Dar Tetsuya says, okay, stuff I missed is nice just so I don't have to spend
all day on Twitter, but yeah, tweets you might like is dumb usually.
I don't like that either.
Um, okay.
Anyway, sorry.
Sorry for the tangent Andy R, but I hope you, I hope you're satisfied with the answer to
the question.
One more email tonight at participate at orangesontrader.com from Y Y R who says, hello L R I'm following
up my email from last week with an update.
Following customer feedback, Dave and busters has decided to change course on their pricing
for premium play on DDRA and now cost one credit as opposed to two and by now the setting
should have been adjusted at all locations.
So as of now, normal and premium play both cost one credit.
In other words, there's no reason not to choose premium as you get extra insurance against
failing out before your third song, the ability to earn extra stages and more for no extra
charge.
Note that this feature does require an E amusement card.
Well, that would be the extra charge, but that's okay.
It's a little bit, it's much less than what it was before.
Uh, if you don't use a card, the option will not be available.
Rob to answer your question, yes, all United States round one locations should also have
the new North American version of DDRA as well.
I will end my email by saying this, Rob, your game request from last week's episode has
been heard.
Oh joy.
I don't even remember.
What are you talking?
I don't remember which game it was last week.
I have a short term memory.
Was it the grandma on the gun thing?
I don't know.
Look, YYR will deliver it and I will be happy.
I know that.
But um, I just, you know, one game at a time, YYR, you gotta, you gotta make sure multitasking
gets out first.
You know, I heard he submitted snake party today though.
That's exciting.
I'm going to hit up round one on my trip back up to here in August and I will go look at
their DDR ace or whatever it's called machine and I'm not going to play it, but I just want
to see if my songs are still on it.
Like, do I still have songs I made on there?
Can't you just go up to Roseville?
I mean, yeah, it's a Dave and Busters.
I have to go to Dave and Busters.
What's some of the step art that you did in DDR games recently?
I thought, yeah, because it still had Hottest Party stuff and I think that's kind of what's
keeping my stuff alive is the Hottest Party stuff.
What are some of the songs you did the step art for that people might not know?
Beautiful Inside from Hottest Party and what else did I do?
There were two songs in the next Hottest Party that I did.
I don't remember the names, but I don't even know if they ever made it to the arcade, but
I still have MP3s of them somewhere.
Would your name still be in the credits of the game?
I'm sure it's not anymore.
I was going to say, if they used your step art from all those years ago, is your name?
Sue.
That's kind of awesome though.
You hypothetically might be able to play one of Shane's step charts.
When we went to Sunnydale Golf Land two years ago, because it was the same day as PT coming
out for everybody, they had a DDR machine there, whatever DDR that was, which was the
most recent at the time, it still had stuff I did on it because I made Jim and Annie play
it.
I was like, I just want to feed my ego, play these songs.
That's awesome.
Orange Right in chat says, can confirm Beautiful Inside Cube Hard Mix is in DDR-A still.
There you go.
So I'm still in it.
And his ego, literally his head just swelled by a few inches here in the room while we
read that.
That was a fun song to make.
Memories.
Oh, is memories hidden in the game?
That would be terrible because that's a garbage sound of a song.
All right.
That's it for emails.
You guys should email us as well.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com if you want to send us an email.
Let's get to the FUs of the week.
Just because Dark Sakura isn't here doesn't mean we don't get angsty once in a while.
So let's get to it.
Loki, why don't you start us off?
I guess just FU2 and FU2 Pokemon Go for being so fucking glitchy.
I don't know.
That's mainly it.
It's just...
Come on.
I understand that the game is, you know, it's early and stuff, but dude, this shit should
not be this fucking buggy.
I mean, come on, Niantic, seriously, fix this shit.
Um, let's see, my FU of the week goes to the fact that I have a car payment again because
I bought a new car yesterday and actually I'm really excited.
It's a nice car.
Yeah, I like it a lot.
It's pretty too.
So, um, yeah, I, um, I like my new car a lot.
I guess I can say on it, is it bad if I say I have a 2016 Prius and, um, I, yeah, I wanted
to go hybrid and I love, yeah, I like driving it.
It's fun.
Um, so looking forward to driving it more, but I'm not looking forward to the car payment.
So FU2, um, not just being able to pay it all off in one big payment, but that would
be something if I could do that.
Last but not least, Shane, do you have any FUs of the week?
FU2 moving, I'm so exhausted, like so exhausted.
Moving does suck.
And FU2 having to go to work tomorrow because today was not a day off because of the moving.
All right.
Uh, you know, I was thinking, um, since, uh, that song that you did is still in DDR, beautiful
inside, you know, to, to, to feed your ego even more, should we request that people take
a picture of them playing DDR, playing your song in DDR and tweet it to you?
Can someone in the chat room, cause I don't have access to the chat cause I don't know
how to do it.
Um, can someone linked an entire song list for ACE so I can look at it.
I just want to see what else is on there.
Just go to Wikipedia.
No, cause when I went there last time, it just showed their new stuff and the things
they removed.
But if you're not in chat, how are you going to see the list?
Cause you can tell me and then you can text it to me.
I'm not going to read 700 song names here on air.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
But just, you can, you can read me a link.
You just got a Bomani style.
I'm sure they've got a Bomani style.
I just said Wikipedia.
Okay.
Orange, right?
Remy Wiki.
Remember that?
No, I don't.
I'll find it though.
Go to Remy Wiki.com and there's a dance, dance revolution, a full song list article.
Is that good enough?
All right.
We'll see.
Probably.
Yes.
Thank you.
Orange, right?
I'm trying.
I'm trying to help him out.
All right.
Thank you for the suggestion.
I forgot about Remy Wiki.
How do I search this?
Look at the upper, right?
Where Wikis usually have a search bar.
Okay.
Lord.
All right.
Let's move on.
Just a couple more stories for you guys.
And then we're going to get to your phone calls at Orange Lounge Radio, all one word
on Skype.
Actually though, Shane, pay attention because this may be of interest to you.
Loki, what do you have?
So there's been like social economy, social media rep on Reddit who's been just responding
to some questions and comments and that type of thing.
I guess his name is Ben.
And he's of course, you know, criticism I should add to that as well.
Basically saying that, you know, they want, Konami wants to earn you back.
Are they giving us like two for one plays on their pachinko machines or something?
No, they're basically saying that, you know, they're not, you know, totally doing away
with console games.
Saying that they may have, or, well, I wouldn't say it's constantly, yeah, Metal Gear Solid
is going to possibly have an announcement to come next year in celebration of the 30th
anniversary.
Yeah.
And then basically, you know, saying if they find, you know, they're reviewing their IP
and they're trying to see if they have a good fit for Silent Hill because I just can't take
this seriously.
I'm sorry.
I just like, sorry.
Yeah.
Well, I hope to have you back.
Well, you know what?
I hope to have a million dollars and that ain't going to fucking happen.
Your hope is worth fucking nothing.
You know who says that a lot, actually?
I hope to have stuff.
My son, he's all, man, he's all, I really wish I could have that ice cream right there,
or I really wish I could have, you know, a new video game, or I really wish I could have,
you know, that pizza that you're eating.
This is just like the Konami version of this.
I really wish we could earn our fan base back.
Well, I really wish you weren't fucking stupid in fucking alienating your entire fan base,
canceled one of the most anticipated games that your company was producing and decided
to go to the pachinkos and said, fuck you to everybody else.
That's kind of how I wish you, oh, and then how you treated your developers, you know,
like shit.
Look, I don't blame this social media guy though, because I feel like he kind of knows
what has to be done that like somebody has to apologize for what the fuck is happening.
So I kind of give this guy massive kudos for literally putting himself in the line
of fire.
But it's also giving us false hope.
Yeah.
And I think, I think honestly, you know, it speaks more than anything else is results.
And I'm kind of with JD in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
JD says, Konami, if you want me back, release home versions of 2DX and Poppin and DDR.
Well, I mean, I don't know.
I think some of those games aren't necessarily going to sell well, but I, I would really
love BeatMania 2DX to make a comeback.
There's a user, it's on Reddit, he goes by Konami US social.
So that people are in the assumption that's the social media rep for Konami.
Although it could be a complete troll account, so who knows, but it doesn't seem like he's
trolling too much.
I don't know.
I just going to say it's going to take a lot to fucking get us back.
And even if you announce a fucking new game for consoles for Metal Gear Solid, at most
it's probably going to be a remake and good luck.
I mean, I'd be curious though, what kind of talent they might try to bring into these
games to try to woo people over to them.
I mean, they could recruit some really big name out there.
We just don't know about it because we don't, haven't heard of it, but Metal Gear could
land a really big name or, um, you know, Silent Hill might get a scary movie director or something
that's going to surprise us behind it.
Like, I don't know, the people that made Saw, although I hate Saw, I really hope that doesn't
happen.
Why did I say that?
That's a horrible thing to suggest.
Maybe he gets like, like John Carpenter from Halloween or something.
No, that is not the spirit of Silent Hill.
That's the spirit of the garbage Western Silent Hills, which are garbage and they're garbage.
Are they garbage?
Yes.
I don't.
What about a Japanese horror movie director?
No, you have to have.
Okay.
So I was on board for PT.
How about David Lynch with Twin Peaks?
No.
Well, that could work.
Aha.
That could, that could possibly be okay.
All right.
Now we're onto something.
But no, you can't, you can't do Silent Hill anymore, Konami.
You just need to give it up to somebody that cares, because you guys don't.
Several people in chat are yelling Guillermo del Toro.
Well, they've already, they've already burned the bridge.
Oh yeah, they super burned that bridge.
Yeah, I don't.
Well, and it's kind of sad because he's not in Kojima's latest game.
No, he's not.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Alliance Radio at vognetwork.com,
use the pass phrase, ground.
All right.
All right.
So let's move on with one more story here about Uno going to be making a comeback.
You remember Uno on the Xbox 360?
Those of you that weren't really gaming a lot 10 years ago may forget that Uno on the
360 was actually kind of a big deal.
Like it was one of those Xbox live arcade games that did very, very, very well in the
early days of the Xbox 360.
And Uno is going to be making a comeback.
It was announced that Uno is going to be getting a game adaptation for the PC, PlayStation
4 and Xbox One, and it even has a release date, August 9th, 2016.
But does it have camera support?
Yes, it has camera support.
Most importantly, we will have camera support, which, you know, just means it's only a matter
of time before someone exposes themselves while playing Uno, which I never really understood
camera support in Uno.
I think it was really a novelty on the Xbox 360, because remember, that was before Kinect.
Xbox 360 had those little cameras things, right?
So anyway.
No, dude, I don't know why I said dude, but breaking news, I have tons of songs in this
DDR game still.
Let me finish the story and then you can tell us while we wait for some calls what songs.
We don't know exactly what Uno will have in it, like if it's going to have Uno Rush and
all that stuff too, but it's Ubisoft that is doing it.
And yes, voice and video chat will be a part of it.
So I'm sure some Twitch streams are going to be a hoot and a holler by the time this
release is there.
So yeah.
Let's see.
I'm looking at some comments over at live.vognetwork.com.
Vidpower in chat says, Uno was such an important Xbox Live arcade game.
It really was, despite all the fact that we kind of make jokes about it.
Like it was a really, I mean, people bought that camera for Uno of all things.
It was a crazy thing.
Let's see.
Other comments in chat over at live.vognetwork.com fifth dream says Uno VR please.
That might be a bit much.
Let's let's be real.
It's a bit much.
Okay.
Um, that is it for the stories we have.
We're going to open up our Skype line over at a one eight seven seven game OLR or username
on Skype, orange lounge radio, all one word.
The Skype line is open.
If you want to give us a call about anything we've talked about tonight or maybe something
that we missed.
Shane.
So your, your games or your steps charts that remain in DDR or what?
So I future list is still there.
That's awesome.
Oh, that's awesome.
I love that.
I didn't know you did the art for that.
Or step step or whatever.
Yeah, I did that.
Um, I'm starting at the bottom now and going up, uh, uh, Bilela Samba still there.
Wow.
Uh, yeah, I know that's, that should have been gone by now.
Um, soul crash is there, uh, freeway shuffle is there.
The flyaway remix is there, fires there every day.
Every night is there.
All right, that's enough.
Good for you that you still have a lot of songs in the game.
So should people tweet you pictures of themselves playing it?
Sure.
And they can say how garbage some of them are because some of them are really garbage.
All right.
We got a phone call coming in.
Let's get to it.
Hi.
You're on orange lounge radio.
Who's this?
Uh, this is a YYR.
Hey, YYR.
How you doing, buddy?
Uh, not too bad.
Actually pretty good.
Considering, uh, finally after probably a good six, seven years, snake party is in peer
review.
Congratulations on that.
How long does the game usually take from a peer review to actually release on the console?
Well, uh, now is probably not the best time to really judge.
Um, simply because we're at the very tail end of Xbox live indie games, like six weeks
from now, it's all over.
Um, so there aren't that many reviewers now, so I'm hoping less than six weeks, but generally
when it was more populated anywhere from, uh, one to three weeks, depending on volume
and also if you had any problems that people could fail you on, that would obviously make
it take longer.
Cause then you had to wait a week, uh, they call it jail.
You're in jail for a week.
You can't resubmit for at least another week.
And then, you know, you fix your problems, you resubmit and then you start over.
Um, so, uh, you said in six weeks everything is gone, but that's just the new submissions
part, right?
Not like the store and all this stuff.
The new submissions, peer review, all of that goes away.
Um, the games that are on there, the, you know, 3000 plus games that are on there will
remain on sale for another one year.
Okay.
So at least it's not like when you released, um, pixel poops on the PlayStation Vita where
it was like up for four weeks and that was it.
Yeah.
But, uh, I, I really send my thanks to the 60 or so people who, uh, who bought it.
Hey, it's not a bad number.
Listen to this show.
That's not bad.
I was one of those people.
You have 60 people that listen to the show.
What the hell?
That's great.
That's awesome.
Hey, by the way, did you know we have a celebrity here in studio?
We have the, uh, world renowned step chart artist.
Shane is here.
I was really psyched when he showed up because it's just, Oh my God, I have played some of
those songs.
So apparently some of my favorite ones are not on here.
I'm looking at you in chat.
Some of the chat is responding to some of these songs that, and again, if you're just
joining us, uh, if you've played dance, dance revolution, ACE or a, which is the new one
that's a Dave and busters and round one, Ooh, saberwing stayed on apparently songs that
Shane worked on when he was at Konami.
What?
That was 10 years ago at this point.
Yeah, I actually are still in the game.
So, uh, some, some folks in chat, orange, right?
Here's, here's ready for this ego inflation.
Fire was a good chart.
You're welcome.
And orange.
Right.
Notice it's like anytime I remotely reference anything, Bamani orange, right.
Is right there to save my ass.
If I stay at state something incorrect, uh, let's see, uh, dark Tetsuya says, Oh, Shane
did freeway shuffle.
Yep.
I did.
Oh, those are good steps.
I played the double chart.
Did you write the double chart?
Yeah.
I did all of those.
Uh, JD says, Shane should make a list and put it on the OLR Wiki or something.
Uh, and dark Tetsuya is offering to help you if you can like send him a list from this
game, at least I could.
Yeah.
I don't know if I can remember.
Like that's a decade ago.
Well, and our pal, what we have other friends of all our pal Mel B would have done a lot
of step charts too.
Right.
I thought so.
Huh?
Interesting.
Some other folks that were affiliated with the show, I can get the credits to roll.
And if, uh, if your name's not still in there, I'll, uh, I'll send the lawyers after.
Thank you.
I want rights to sweet code and in silent Hills and I won't, that that'll be enough
for me.
Here's the thing though.
Did they put you as Shane?
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
Shane uses, Shane uses his middle name.
Like I do.
So I was just curious.
Anyway.
Uh, let's see.
So I'm sorry.
Sorry to derail, but you know, when you have a celebrity in studio, they, their ego takes
priority.
It does.
Uh, what else did you want to share with us tonight?
Why?
Why?
Well, actually the reason I called, I don't usually do this, but, um, because this concept
is so early and I'm honestly not sure if it would be worth buying, I'm going to remind
you of what you said last week and I'm going to share what I have here.
Oh God.
I'm so excited.
Okay.
So this started when Loki was complaining about his wife watching Grey's Anatomy's 8,000
episodes back to back for the second time, by the way, because we've already gone through
all the episodes and that she's like, there's nothing else on, we're just going to watch
it again.
I'm like, why doesn't she watch the other Shonda shows?
Like scandal?
Like even I like scandal, she was in the scandal and she tried to watch it again, but like,
I don't know.
She just stopped again.
So she didn't remember what happened when she left off and God, I don't want to watch
all that again.
All right.
So yes, Loki was ranting about the wife monopolizing the television with the Shonda verse, which
left him with his PC with his, you know, 500 steam games on it and therefore he has nothing
to play.
Exactly.
Oh yes.
Okay.
Yes.
I remember.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
I remember now though.
So you suggested there should be a game called I have nothing to play.
Yes.
Okay.
All right.
I'm with you.
I do remember this.
So, so basically what you have is you have this game where you're essentially sitting
in a web browser and there are three storefronts available that you can visit at any time.
The gray station store.
I think a smog and a also mumble bundle.com and I love it.
I approve.
And of course there's always something on sale, like ridiculous sales.
They'll, um, they'll be, uh, running, give me an, uh, uh, early August sale sale for
no reason.
Genre sale, sale, sale, like, um, and basically this game is, uh, a Christmas sale in July.
Can you put that in there for me?
A Christmas sale in July, because I swear to God, I was at the mall the earlier this
week and I had to text Shane, there was five nights at Freddy's dolls and I was looking
at the mall like, Oh, and I texted Shane pictures of the dolls.
And as I'm sitting there looking at these five nights at Freddy's dolls, the first Noel,
the Christmas Carol starts playing on the radio and I was like, it is fucking July.
Why is it Christmas Carol?
Um, Best Buy just did like a black Friday in July sale.
Yeah, I guess it's your Amazon did their thing too.
So okay.
So anyway, yes.
Uh, that, that's my other request.
A Christmas in July sale.
So basically, and I don't know if this is fun.
I don't know if anyone would actually buy this, but the point of this game is to buy
games and add them to your library, your smoke library and your, your, um, your gray station
for library and to not actually play anything.
And it'll track like how much money you've saved, how much money you actually spent.
Um, the ratio of spent to save the number of games purchased and there'll be leaderboards
for all that crap.
I don't know if I know the online multiplayer stuff is really hard and it might complicate
things too much, but I almost feel like why, why are, what you're describing to me would
be a brilliant card game card game.
Huh?
Yeah.
Right.
Because then that way it's kind of like, that's how the sales are controlled and you buy the
games in your hand that are like cards.
But maybe if somebody could get a better deal, I don't know.
I haven't really thought this out, but as you're describing it to me and maybe it's
the fact that we just talked about Uno and what a big game that was, I'm like, this almost
sounds like a card game because it's like you're trying to kind of like, like, like
monopoly or something like you're buying and selling and exchanging properties and stuff.
So it's like you're trying to hoard.
You have to have the biggest hoard of games that you bought at the cheapest possible.
That fixes the biggest problem with this concept, which is it's funny, but there really isn't
much of a game there.
I mean, basically I put a whole bunch of, of work into this.
Um, there are several different possible types of developers.
You've got your triple A developer, your middle tier, your indie, you're just straight
up awful developer with poorly translated descriptions and cobbled together graphics.
Um, and then, you know, it would randomly choose one of those and then randomly generate
a game, um, based on a genre, which is also randomly chosen.
You have your simulator games like grandma simulator, pushup simulator, 2017, uh, you
have slice of life narrative games like my sister's anxiety or before showering.
I mean, this is just, uh, you know, randomly generated games with randomly generated descriptions
and you know, cobbled together screens and things like that.
I love this so much.
I love this so much.
You, you, you, you make dreams a reality while I are, you're the person that makes dreams
come true.
And I gotta say, I have to read some of these comments in chat because they're so amazing.
Uh, dark Tetsuya says, okay, this sounds hilariously meta.
Uh, let's see.
Fifth dream says, the best part is when you click anything in the game, it just opens
your steam client and starts a random game and tells you to fuck off.
I don't know if it should do that.
I don't know if it should do that.
Uh, Rama says, rage nator would be the first person to buy this game.
Okay.
Real talk, real talk.
You have to have the little mascot that teaches you how to play the game that pops up in the
corner that says, and his name is going to be sale inator.
Okay.
After our favorite caller here at OLR and he's going to pop and he always has to start
off by saying, hi, this is sale inator here and I have a tip or like, did you know that
this is on sale or there's a hot sale or something like this.
And so like sale inator would actually advise you to where all the good sales are at.
So I want you to, I want you to think about that.
Okay.
Is he even listening tonight?
I haven't seen him in chat.
If this actually becomes a thing that comes out on steam, it would, it would be at a list
price of like $30 and would always be 90% off.
I love it.
Yes.
Always.
Just perpetually a 90% off game.
Uh, let's see.
JD says, uh, Oh, Hey, yeah, that would work.
A drafting style game.
Like dominion.
Yes.
Card.
Card building games are huge white right now.
Oh my God.
You're building, you're building your library of steam games that you're getting on sale.
This is, this is genius right there.
That's patent pending idea.
Patent pending.
I get, I get half the proceeds.
No, I'm kidding.
I don't.
You, you, you do all the work.
Why?
Why?
I know.
I know you will be kind and put in some OLR jokes and plugs for indie podcasting and I'll
be happy.
Oh my God.
This is, wow.
All right.
Well I'm still, honestly, I still have to work on multitasking.
You do.
Yeah.
Um, put it on the list.
This is actually something to think about.
And you know what?
Amy, Amy was, Amy always tells me how she feels and she's like, this sounds stupid, you know,
as a game.
Period.
I mean, maybe it's funny, but this sounds stupid because all you'd be doing is buying
games and adding them to your library.
So to actually put a card game in there that actually, wow.
Okay.
All right.
Something to think about now.
I, I, I, it's why we are, I'm like your consultant.
By the way, if you posted ideas in chat, um, message me your names so I can get you in
there.
Um, let's see.
Raginator in chat says, I'm here and listening.
Oops.
All right.
Um, Hey, Raginator, the whole thing is a compliment and you know it, you know, we're, we are about
to immortalize you in a video game, uh, on steam nonetheless, uh, SSG100 Matt says, wow,
this is something, hopefully nobody steals the idea and makes it before YYR does.
Patent pending.
You listening, Bobby Black Wolf?
I know people, I know celebrities here in studio that have lawyers.
Don't you dare.
All right.
I have homework clearly, and I've already taken almost 12 minutes of your time.
No, it was worth every goddamn minute and don't let anyone tell you otherwise.
All right.
All right, my friend, I'm gonna let you go for now though so we can get some other calls.
Good luck.
Good luck with multitasking.
Good luck.
Start, get your notepad.
And every time you think of a good idea for this, uh, and if you want to talk further,
we totally can.
I love this brainstorming.
Thanks for the feedback and suggestions.
Thank you everybody.
You're welcome.
Anytime my friend.
Hey, have a great week guys.
You too.
Bye buddy.
Yep.
Bye bye.
I think, you know what, the beautiful thing about that phone call is I really feel like
he's going to do it.
Like I just, it may not be this year, it may not be next year, but I feel like that is
going to be a game at some point that I will play at magfest and I'm going to be like,
Salinator was my idea.
All right, uh, orange lounge radio, all one word on skype if you want to, uh, give us
a call, uh, and Akuma JP says, we must always have a game or excuse me, we must have a game
that is always coming soon by Loki.
Hey, yeah, there has to be like a, you can't call it green light, but maybe there's like
smog has like a yield division or something and uh, you know, yield to the new games that
are coming and Loki just has one there that never seems to get made.
I don't know.
We'll see.
And it'll be called half life three.
All right.
No games of the number three, you're not allowed.
That could be okay.
There's a little rule twist for your card thing.
Games with the number three in them are not allowed on the smog store.
Things like that.
All right.
Uh, orange lounge radio, all one word on skype.
Really just the problem is we've been asking the wrong questions.
They're going to pull a Microsoft and it's just going to jump the half flight for everyone.
Yay.
Gabe's like, Hey, listen, you guys have been just asking about half life three all the
time when that's coming out and I'm just saying, I don't know when it's coming.
If only you'd asked about half life four, I could have said, yeah.
All right.
Uh, now the chats are a lighting up there.
Bobby Black Wolf suggests half life for the search for half life three.
Uh, dark to see you says, isn't that what the developer of leisure suit Larry did?
Wow.
Way to throw it back.
But I think you're actually right.
I think that did happen.
Anyway.
Um, one more shout out for calls.
Orange launch radio, all one word on skype.
Are you, are you still looking at the Wiki, Shane?
Like stroking your ego?
No, I'm reading big brother stuff.
Oh no.
I saw the songs I've done.
Uh, they stop at a certain point.
So I stopped watching big brother.
I've been bad.
I watched the first week or so and then I just kind of fell out.
It's hard because the show is on Sunday night, right?
It's on like Sundays and Wednesdays and Thursdays, all the nights I have podcasts.
Yeah.
So I just read about it.
I don't think I've seen an episode in forever.
That's okay.
You just finished editing the show and then you go and watch stranger things and then
you're done.
I have another FU of the week.
Oh, well go ahead.
Since we, um, FU to the fact that not all of the Danganronpa anime is out because I
need to know what happens and I literally did a free trial to Funimation just so I could
watch it.
So what the hell is a bullet hell game anime like?
Is it just like, what was it?
The game's not a bullet hell game.
I mean it's a, it's like a Phoenix Wright style.
That's right.
I'm sorry.
But they use bullets.
They use like truth bullets and stuff during the trials, but it's just two episodes in.
They have two different versions going on.
They have one that takes place after three and one that takes place before one with the
cast of two.
And I'm just like so engrossed already is so good.
And it makes me annoyed that I don't have all my episodes yet, but we get them same
day as Japan does.
So it's not like I'm even behind.
I just have to wait.
It's frustrating.
All right.
Well unfortunately there's no more calls coming in, so I'm going to go ahead and close up
the Skype line for tonight.
But Hey, if you want to, it's probably because a lot of our regular callers called into Bobby
tonight because he had his 11th anniversary.
So I understand it's no big deal.
But if you want to email us your thoughts, you can always send us an email, participate
at orangesonsradio.com.
Of course you can always tweet us as well, twitter.com slash O L R, but we are going
to go ahead and start to wrap up for tonight.
I want to thank you guys for downloading our show and checking it out or listening to us
live.
However you consumed orange on radio this week.
Thank you so much for being here.
If you like what you heard here at orange on radio, please tell a friend or five about
the show.
Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but only
if the gamers are here to listen to it.
So, um, uh, you know, again, help us spread the word.
That's all we ask.
Uh, that's going to do it.
We're done a little early tonight, but I guess that gives us time to go hunt Pokemon or something.
I don't know.
We'll see.
It's all common shit around here.
Oh, excuse me.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Oh, since after I caught like the 120th Pidgey, it's like, we're going to start saying it.
I could use a different.
Oh, that's a lot of XP for evolving them over.
It is.
That's I got the 17.
All right.
Anyway.
Uh, any final thoughts for us tonight?
Loki.
I guess I should get on working on a game.
Yeah.
I want to have, you know, have a reputation for not releasing anything.
Yeah.
Uh, Shane, do you have any final thoughts for us tonight?
Thank you for filling in for a little bit of the show here.
You're welcome.
No, I just want to sleep.
All right.
Well, don't sleep there on the chair cause that'll be awkward in the morning.
Um, Alan stepped into studio randomly wanting to say something.
Yes, Alan.
I have an emergency F you of the week F you to the fact that I was, I had like three or
four dollars in loose change in my hand and then I was picking up little bits of trash
off my desk.
And when I went to the garbage whole handful went in and I'm not rooting through the trash
for like a bunch of dimes and nickels.
So F you to throwing away $4 and change for $4 for $4.
I dig through the trash.
Well, it depends.
What's in there.
Do you have like day old food?
Cause I don't know about that.
But I think if it's just papers, it's all you work.
Anything at your work is just papers.
I dig through that for $4 being lazy.
All right.
Thank you for interrupting the show to share your tragedy with us.
Uh, my final thought is a feel better dark Sakura.
And uh, if you're listening, I hope you are here next week.
That's going to do it for another episode of orange launch radio.
Have a great week, everybody.
Happy gaming, happy Pokemon hunting or whatever game it is you decide to play this week.
We will see you in seven days all over again.
No Bobby next week.
Cause he's at a, um, uh, convention in Kentucky.
So, uh, do, uh, tune into us next week, probably at six o'clock, we will be here Pacific nine
Eastern.
See you in seven days.
Everybody.
Good night.
You've been listening to orange lounge radio.
Orange lounge radio is a production of OLR studios to join us for a live show.
Tune into fog network.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific 9 PM Eastern the views and opinions
expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge
radio or fog network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
