Tonight, December 30th, 2007, on this special edition of Orange Lounge Radio, we take a
look back at the headlines and games of 2007 with our favorite people, all of our listeners.
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge
Radio.
I should say welcome back because we weren't here last week thanks to the holidays.
We are that video game program slash podcast slash live broadcast via Live 365 dedicated
to all things video games, video gaming, gaming culture, the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts.
I'm here every week joined by my lovely co-host, the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers
is here.
Hi.
How are you?
I have a sinus infection.
Sorry to hear it.
You were sick quite a bit this year.
I'm sorry to hear.
I wasn't like sick, sick not like when I had the plague.
Right.
However, this is exactly how the plague started.
Oh no.
So, I hopped right on it and I have drugs that make me happy.
Well, I hope you feel better.
How was your week off?
Well, I did absolutely nothing.
That's good.
I sat on my ass and did absolutely nothing and it was beautiful.
Was Santa good to you?
Santa was decent.
Santa brought me, actually Santa Dan gave me a game that I sort of blinked and went
WTF over, but I think I'm going to play it.
What's that?
You care to share?
That was, what's it?
Flash Focus.
The vision training game.
Yeah.
So, I'm going to play it because clearly I need my vision trained.
Well, I hope it works for you.
Then I started and we, I gave him, what did I give him?
I gave him Blade Runner.
Cool.
And I bought him Ratatouille on Blu-ray.
For use on the Playstation 3 because that's your Blu-ray player too, right?
Very cool.
It's pretty.
Alright.
Pretty.
Well, we'll hear more about your game in a week in just a minute.
That's not a game.
Well, I know, but we'll get the other games as well, right?
Well, I got to introduce, he's sitting there waiting for me to say the one and only
tech master, Loki.
I'm not really waiting for you, but it's fine.
How are you doing tonight, Loki?
I'm doing fine.
Alright.
Good to hear.
And how was your Christmas?
Was Santa good to you?
I was good to me.
Were you?
Yeah.
Because I built a new computer.
Oftentimes we buy ourselves the best gifts, right?
Exactly.
Because I buy everything for myself, I don't normally get anything from everyone else because
they figure I've already bought it, which is usually the case, but I don't know.
Alright.
Well, tonight is going to be a little bit different because we're going to be doing
the year in review.
We're just kind of having a very informal, kind of a slow show tonight.
I got to say, I noticed that our chat room is not quite as hopping as it usually is over
at chat.orangelandrater.com, which has me a little worried because tonight's show is
supposed to be all about the listeners interacting with us and everything, but I do see, obviously
there are some people there chatting it up.
Tiger Claw wants to know, he's in chat, chat.orangelandrater.com, wants to know if Loki has heard that Black
Wolf bought the Eye of Judgment.
Good for him.
That's one more towards one million, which will never, ever, ever happen, ever.
And I remember, just to reiterate from two weeks ago, it has to sell a million some day.
Some day.
So yes, the bet was actually extended from six months to one million copies ever, and
then Loki will don the tingle suit and set fire to an Eye of Judgment.
Whenever that happens.
Which apparently he knows about because he actually mentioned on the show something about
Loki being one step closer to wearing the tingle suit.
So that kind of takes the fun out of it, but whatever, maybe he's waiting to YouTube it.
I don't know.
So I think Bobby's doing his own year-end show tonight.
It's probably still going.
That's probably where some of our listeners are, who knows?
But meanwhile, we actually are going to continue on doing the things we usually do.
We weren't here last week because of the holidays, so Merry Christmas, Kwanzaa, Hanukkah, Solstice,
Ramadan, whatever the hell it is you celebrate.
I hope it was good.
Or nothing at all, if you're atheist, right?
I hope it was good.
Whatever you did.
Ramadan is not until later in the year.
Oh, what am I mixing it up with?
Oh well.
Who knows?
Who cares?
Somebody cares.
Festivus.
Maybe it's Festivus.
Because they're so similar.
I'm just trying to be PC and not leave anybody out.
So there you have it.
Whatever it is you celebrate, I hope it was good.
Let's talk about our gaming weeks, because we do talk about that, or I guess I should
say, our gaming two weeks.
Dark Soccer, how was your gaming two weeks?
I got Orange Box, so I played some Portal.
I decided that I really like Half-Life 2, Episode 2, which Dan beat last night.
I played a lot of Pinball, and I played a lot of Ragnarok, run any server now, run the
Essence RO server, and they're better, and they don't go down randomly without putting
up a freaking announcement, why?
So I was going to say, so you've switched servers now.
I've jumped the ship, but not a shark, because I'm awesome.
And I've been trying to get back into playing some Final Fantasy VI, which I have on my
DS.
Very cool.
But I've really just been doing more Portal.
I can't play very much of it because I get sick, and, and, and, and, and Dan got me
a rock band, I said I was going to get it, and I did.
Very cool.
And our guitar broke the first day, so we've been using the Guitar Hero guitars, because
we have two.
Gotcha.
Well, we actually have a whole bunch of them, because Dan's friend Will, his stuff lives
at our house sometimes, and Dan got my Iron Lung just for me, and I can't say that I like
it.
I need to buy that.
And I wasn't in the same room listening to it, but it sounded like a cover.
Oh, it's not the original?
But the music is all dead on, just some, some of the covers just are like, no.
Well, maybe they didn't want to get sued like the Guitar Heroes 80s people did.
And I sang, I sang Creep, and I sang it the right way.
Did you?
The right way.
So you got the whole bundle then, you didn't just get the game itself, you got the mic
and the drums and everything.
We got everything.
That's nice.
We have, we have it all.
So when are we going to rock out?
You, me, and Loki have to make a band.
When are we going to rock out?
We're having it at, at our party tomorrow night.
Oh.
We have conflicting parties going on, sadly.
Every year, and I invite you every year.
Ironically enough, we're also probably going to be playing rock band.
Ironically enough, I believe Matt is bringing rock band to, uh, to cost us a rob.
I need a case for rock band.
Seriously, that box is just too big to carry around lugging that thing.
You need to get one of those nifty little cases.
Well, you know, I'll get around to it eventually.
Alright, well, Dark Soccer, you gotta come over at some point once all the party madness
is done and we'll rock out to some Radiohead.
Well, hey, I'm off work at least the next day.
I have to go to work tomorrow, which is both craptacular and full of sucktitude.
Sorry to hear it.
Uh, Dark Knight in Chat says, I would love to hear Jamie singing.
Any possibilities of YouTubes in the future?
Not on YouTube.
Not on YouTube?
If my, if my throat doesn't kill me and I'm drunk enough, maybe.
Alright.
Well, the whole, the whole problem is that every year I get a sinus infection without
fail.
This we all know.
But I always am sick on New Year's Eve.
I'm telling you, man, we need to get that video from Eddie that has fucking Iron Man
singing sabotage.
A rice princess doing sabotage.
Way better than me doing even Timmy.
It's hilarious.
Well, at any rate, I, I always get very, very drunk while I'm very, very sick, which is
pretty stupid.
And then they make me sing Karaoke Revolution and last year I tried to sing Snake Eater
and I had no voice.
I had no voice, so I was like, that's what it sounded like.
Um, actdeft is in chat and actdeft is, uh, um, saying that we should go out on tour.
He says the OLR world tour, the sensible world of podcasting tour, AKA the fag, your anger
tour, which is a inside joke from 2007 of course.
I like that.
The sensible world of podcasting tour.
That's a good name.
That's very cool.
Very good.
So, Logie, how was your gimme weed, Logie?
Um, well this week, or actually last week and the week before last, uh, I took some
time off to play games and let's see, I didn't play as much as I thought I would because
I ended up playing mostly Saints Bro because I'm trying to finish it, you know, months
after it's come out, but you know, trying to finish it.
I'm actually, according to the game, halfway through it, but I'm done with two of the storylines,
some on the last one.
And then, um, I played a little bit more Earth Defense Force 2017, and um, just now I have
to grind to get, you know, more HP I guess, because I get raped by all the ants and ships
and stuff on the last levels on Inferno, so the only way I can do that now is just to
get, you know, tons and tons and tons and tons of health, which is gonna be incredibly
boring to do, and um, so that'll be fun.
And then, let's see, I bought a new 360, so I was, you know, playing stuff on that, um,
I have my old 360 which I'm actually gonna fix, which is weird, um, because I think if
I replace the, um, they have the X-clamp on there that you can replace, the heatsink,
um, it should fix it because that, I hear something underneath the board that sounds
like, I don't know, like a ball bearing rolling around, and I think that's actually some of
the solder stripped off the board and actually kind of clumped up into a little ball, so
I'm guessing that some of the solder's probably, um, I don't know, shorting out the board somewhere,
so once I pull it all off we'll be able to see what's wrong, but apparently the X-clamp
fix or whatever is fixed about 90% of the, you know, three ring boards, so, we'll see,
I'll give it a shot, because hell, what can I do, break it more?
It's already broken, so, who cares, um, and then, I played a little bit of Final Fantasy
12 Revenant Wings, it's okay, I don't know, it's a little different, I guess it's the
combat system's kind of similar to Final Fantasy 12 a little bit, but, I guess because I didn't
play 12, the impact of these characters and when they're like, you know, oh, this person
came, it's like, okay, who are you, I don't know who you are, um, so it's okay for me,
but probably I should have played 12 before I played the DS game, but hey, that's their
damn fault for releasing one game on the DS and one on the PS2, um, let's see, what else
did I play, um, I actually played quite a bit of, um, No More Heroes, that game is fucking
awesome, it seriously is awesome, after reading a fact on Game Facts that was actually in
English, I kind of figured out how to actually play the game, pretty cool, I've finished
the first boss and you kind of have to run around and do different errands and stuff,
but um, pretty sweet game, definitely worth picking up when it comes out, and I think
it's only a few more weeks before it comes out, so, that'd be a cool one, um, and then,
other than that, just been playing around with my new PC, trying to get, well, Crysis
runs on it, I've just been trying to overclock it now, so, um, right now I've run into the
problem where I need a good program to read temperatures because every single program
they have reads it differently and I want to know which one's correct, so, you know,
I don't fry something, but, uh, my chips overclocked from 2.6 GHz to 3.3 right now, and then, um,
Crysis runs about 35, 40 frames per second, but I want it to run faster, and I'm also
getting another graphics card, because I replaced my old GTS, uh, or my 8800 GTS with the new
one that's, um, faster, the GTS 512, and then, um, getting a second one to SLI him, so, uh,
hopefully Crysis will run, um, shooting for 50 frames per second or 60, you know, I doubt
that's going to happen, but, smoother the better.
Alright, well, quite a lengthy gaming week, Loki, geez, I'm busy, uh, mine kind of pales
by comparison, you know, um, since the family of mine doesn't do a whole lot for the holidays,
uh, William and I decided to take a last minute getaway to Reno, and so, you know, Reno, not
to offend any of our listeners who might live in Reno, but it's kind of a poor man's Vegas,
you know, there's not a whole lot to do in Reno, except, you know, go to the big three
casinos, but we did go to one of the casinos there, uh, Harrah's, and just randomly we
found ourselves in the arcade, and I'll tell you what, the Harrah's arcade is actually
kind of cool, because there was a lot of classic shit in there that we got to kind of take
up, take some time to look at, including, um, uh, Mortal Kombat 4, they actually had
a Mortal Kombat 4 machine, which I haven't seen in a long time, and the Simpsons arcade
game, and William and I only played, like, one token on the Simpsons arcade game, but
it must have been set to easy or something, because we got quite a ways through the game,
uh, just on one token, which is pretty amazing, and here's the other cool thing they have
there, they have a DDR fourth mix solo machine, and I haven't seen one of those in years,
and of course, William's like, you gotta get up and dance, you gotta dance, like, I haven't
played DDR forever, Harrah's Tahoe, you said? No, that's Harrah's, uh, Reno, not Tahoe,
yeah. I played on that DDR fourth plus machine, yes, the solo one, I do remember that now,
but, um, yeah, that's funny. You know what's weird is that the casino's very odd, because
the arcade is, like, way back there, like, it's not like Circus Circus, which has all
those, which has, like, a new Pump It Up machine right in the middle of everything, but, like,
you know, at, um, Harrah's, you have to kind of go all the way back, and it's, like, back
in a dark corner, it's kind of sad. I'm guessing the Pump It Up machine's probably right in
the front of their arcade, where the third crane machine used to be for a while. And
now GS68 is telling me that at the El Dorado, they have the fourth plus solo machine, which
I completely miss somehow, but that's alright, you know what I was doing? I was gambling
and losing a lot of money. I won little jack, I won jackpots, I won a silver jackpot, except
it was on a penny machine, so I only won 35 bucks. That's cool. Solo sucks anyways. That's
a dated joke, wow. Oh my god, a DDR USA mix machine, yes. Oh, rad. That takes me back.
Oh, yeah, that takes me back. Good times. I love DDR USA. So, yeah, but here's the sad
thing, I had to play on trick. Like, remember when I used to be really good at DDR, and
you were good at DDR, and you were good at DDR? You used to play doubles, Jamie. I used
to play doubles on, like, five feet. I still play doubles, and hope that death comes to
me, but... Those were the days. And then, actually, it's funny, because some of my,
actually, those of you guys that know Xtopher, Xtopher's sister got married over the weekend,
and she married somebody who used to work at Konami's QA department with Shane, so I
saw a lot of people from my DDR days, because he obviously invited all his old co-workers.
I saw some people from the old DDR days, I hadn't seen him forever, so it was really
cool. Kind of a little bit of reunion. So it was nice. Anyhow, moving on, that has nothing
to do with Game of the Week, that's just tremendously. As far as other games, I played some World
of Warcraft, of course. I now have, like, I think three PVP purples, and some crafted
rare epic stuff, so I'm definitely starting to exhaust everything there is to do at level
70, but I still have lots of instances to run, and alts to level. And also, I'll tell
you what I've been playing. Santa brought me a copy of Super Mario Galaxy on the Wii,
which I'd played before on our preview show, but it was nice to have some more time to
play it without kind of that pressure of, you know, everything we're doing is being
broadcast on the internet, right? So I just kind of had time to take it slow, take it
easy. I fucking love it. You know what? And you know, I've said this on the show before,
folks have been listening for a while, I thought Mario 64 was a little bit overrated. I did
not think Mario 64 was the best Mario game of all time or any of that stuff. I just didn't
see it. I mean, it's a good game, yes. In fact, it's a great game, but it wasn't, like,
there was something about it I didn't quite like as much. But Mario Galaxy, it really
is all that. I mean, I love some of the puzzles in it, like that gravity puzzle where you're
inside the tube and the gravities change in a different way. I just, it's cool. I love
it. So I definitely recommend, if you're a Wii owner, you have to get Galaxy, because
this is the type of game that the Wii was really made for. So I've definitely been spending
a lot of time on that. And thank you, Santa, for bringing me that. So that's pretty much
going to do it for my gaming week. How about you guys on the chat room, how was your guys'
gaming week? I see a lot of people were naming BeatMania 2DX distorted, Rockband was played
by Color of Sakura, Legend of Zelda Phantom Hourglass, Xenae or Xene, X-E-N-E, was playing
Persona 3. That's one of those games that came out this year that I totally missed.
I finished the Phantom Hourglass finally. Oh, what'd you think? The ending. It's easy.
It's a fucking easy game. I mean, that was it. The last boss is kind of, I guess, a little
bit more difficult than the rest of them, but it was really easy. It's just, I'm not
that great at games, but come on. I mean, seriously, it wasn't a challenge at all.
Alright. Anyhow, let's get into some housekeeping, then we'll get into some of tonight's news
and I'll tell you how the rest of the show's going to work, too. Our show's going to be
a little bit different tonight, and we're going to actually open up the Skype line a
little early tonight. Of course, now that I'm noticing that a lot of our regulars aren't
here and, you know, I'm hoping that we're going to get some calls on Skype line because
we really want you guys to participate, but if you guys don't call, we'll figure something
else out. But basically what we're going to do, before tonight's show, we went through
every single show role that we've done in 2007 because we write down all the stories
we want to cover in tonight's show. And so we basically went to every single show role
in 2007 and picked one story that really stuck out from each show that we did in 2007. So
we're going to kind of go back and revisit some of the headlines from our various shows
in 2007 and then talk about, with you guys on the phone, kind of what really stuck out
in your mind from the various months and what do you think really impacted the gaming scene
and the gaming industry as a whole in 2007. And then, of course, we want to get your picks
for the best game of 2007 and the worst game of 2007. We're going to tally it up and get
the definitive Orange Lounge radio choices. And at the very end of the show, Dark Soccer,
Alokia, myself, we will be letting you know our worst games of the year and our top five
favorite games of the year, each of us. And it's always very interesting because usually
we don't agree with critics because they are our personal top five favorites of the year.
It doesn't necessarily mean the games we think that, you know, should be critically lauded
as the five best. No, they're the five games we enjoy the most and we think were the best
that we spent our money on. So we'll be talking about that towards the end of tonight's show.
But for now, we're going to do a quick news rundown because we weren't here last week
and, of course, there still is news going on in the gaming world, even this week. So
before we get into the year-end review, let's talk about this week. And Loki is going to
do the honors tonight of just running down the week's news. And I think actually Jamie
has one or two stories. We'll get to that at the end.
Yeah. Okay. Anyways, this week, some, you know, stuff that's probably like not a big
surprise happened, including Sony of America Trademark Resistance 2. Oh my God, really?
They're going to make a sequel to a game that sold a lot for them. Oh my God, that is such
a shocker.
I'm so surprised.
So surprised. Anyways, Kiriyamaoka, one of our favorite music producers and also creator
of some recent Sun Hill games.
Gaming stud in general, wouldn't you agree, DarkSakura?
He's cute.
Gaming, he is pretty cute. We met him in person at E3 a few years ago. Gaming stud in general,
Kiriyamaoka. I don't just mean in the physical sense. I mean, he's just, he makes Silent
Hill for God's sake. He's amazing.
So we listen to what this man has to say.
Anyways, he was quoted actually saying that the U.S. team's graphical and technical ability
is amazing. There's a huge gap, actually, and he's talking about between the U.S. teams
and Japanese development houses with the way games are going right now. I don't know. I
guess that makes kind of sense, especially with a lot of the companies being in the U.S.,
Nintendo, I mean, they're both in Japan, the U.S. and stuff, but I don't know. A lot of
the third party companies are in the U.S., so I guess that makes sense. Not to say the
Japanese can't program good games.
I want to go off on a tangent real fast, because this discussion was actually, I was talking
to one of my friends in the car. We were up very late last night because we drove to Rocky
Horror in San Francisco, and it was William, myself, and our mutual friend, Jake, and Jake's
a big gaming nerd like us, and we were talking about kind of Japanese versus America, and
I think actually I was talking about this very thing right here, because somehow we
were talking about Silent Hill.
It kind of occurred to me, Nintendo's a very Japanese company, whereas Microsoft's a very
American company, and Microsoft seems to be kind of winning this. Well, I mean, I guess
I shouldn't say that, because the Wii is obviously dominating, but the Xbox is kind of dominating
in their own way, and it's kind of like, you know, the Xbox kind of caters to what's really
big in the American market right now, and that's internet gaming, and that's something
that, for whatever reason, Nintendo has never seen to capture.
Like, you know, Nintendo is not getting on board with internet gaming. They did one game
on the GameCube that was a third party game to begin with, right, and they really haven't
done much on the Wii yet. I mean, granted, we have Mario Kart, but we've all seen the
friend codes thing sucks and all that, and we were kind of wondering, like, why is it
that Nintendo does not get online gaming? And it kind of struck me, it's probably a
cultural difference, and what it probably is, is that arcades are dead here in America,
and that's why we're so big on internet gaming, whereas in Japan, it seems like arcades are
still, I mean, maybe not what they once were, but they're still very prevalent, and people
still meet up to do the gaming.
So what? I don't understand, though, because they recognize, though, that the US and, like,
Europe and stuff are big gaming markets and maybe even bigger than Japan, and, you know,
they recognize it. That's why we're getting so many Wiis here in the US. So it's not like
they don't understand that. It's just, they're just not doing it.
But, kind of like why I'm relating it to this story is that, you know, when that's their
culture, that's their perspective on things, and so maybe, I think, part of the reason
why, like, Akira Yomoka might be kind of, you know, really liking what the Americans
are doing now is that because it's a different approach based on the way things work here.
I'll tell you what it is, and this is pretty much, I mean, when they were planning out
these consoles, when the 360, PlayStation 3, and the, you know, we were all in development
and stuff, and they figured out what they wanted to do, Microsoft already had some success
with the Xbox Live service, so of course they wanted to bring that over, and they had done
a little bit with the Xbox Live Arcade service on the Xbox, very little, and then, you know,
of course it took off here. Problem is, though, Nintendo didn't plan for any sort of online
infrastructure. They didn't think it was a big deal. They said, oh, whatever, you know,
our systems sell very well by themselves. We have the portable systems, you know, maybe
we'll link it up with the DS and that kind of stuff, and they didn't really do anything
with it. Well, you know, come to find out, guess what? Online gaming is really popular,
and now they're like, crap, what do we do now? We don't have any sort of infrastructure
built for this stuff, and so now they're way behind with all that. Same with the PlayStation
Network, I mean, they didn't really have a unified online service or anything like that.
I think Sony's issue is that they are stretching themselves thin, because you notice when games
keep getting delayed, like, you know, LittleBigPlanet Home keeps getting delayed, I think that to
me says that Sony, their thing is that they've been trying to do both. They've been trying
to, to Sony's credit, I think everything they've been doing, they've been trying to
appeal, they are the ones that have truly been trying to appeal to a worldwide audience
the whole time, but they're stretching themselves too thin, they can't do it, they don't have
the resources to do it. Whereas Nintendo has focused their efforts on this, and Xbox for
the most part has focused their efforts on this, and both have excelled very well, while
Sony has spread themselves too thin. Well, and the other thing too, Microsoft now is
starting to figure out, hey, guess what, we've got to, you know, think about our Japanese
market as well, and that's why they're publishing games, you know, like, Lost Odyssey, Blue
Dragon, you know, stuff like that, to appeal to a more variety of, you know, consumer.
Because, you know, not everyone's going to love Halo, or love that kind of stuff, and
they're trying to also do, like, some of the kids' games and stuff, you know, Pinata, kind
of sucked, but, you know what, they don't have to really worry about that.
It was a good attempt.
It was an okay attempt, but they're, you know, third party, you know, publishers will take
care of that stuff, they don't have to really worry about it. Whereas Nintendo, they're
doing a lot of stuff that caters kind of towards the family, you know, the younger kids, you
know, even though they're trying to break out of that mold and stuff, unfortunately
a lot of the games that they're still releasing, even look at first party stuff, I mean, what,
you've got Metroid Prime 3, I guess that would be the only game, and maybe Excite Truck,
that's, you know, first party that would kind of appeal to, you know, more than just kids.
You know, some of these games like Disaster Day of Crisis, and, you know, Project Hammer,
which is cancelled, I mean, those games could have appealed to some older, you know, consumers,
but they didn't do it, so they kind of have to rely on third party companies to do that,
but unfortunately because there's not a lot of, you know, hey, look at this, you know,
it's a first party game, it was more of a mature title, it did really well, then a lot
of other companies will try to emulate that, but since no one's doing that, you know, look
at Manhunt 2, they attempted to be mature, and that kind of backfired on them, not because,
you know, it was mature, it was because it was a crappy game, but, you know, I think
like with games like No More Heroes coming out, I think that will do very well, I hope
it does very well, and because of that, a lot of people will say, hey, mature games
can be on this console, and so we'll put out more mature games.
Alright, well, I was going to turn to the chat room for some comments on this, some
polarizing statements made by us on Viva Pinata, Flaming Bozo says, Viva did not suck, and
Pooeater says, Viva did suck, so some polarizing opinions there.
Alright, what did they try to do with Viva Pinata?
I went from suck to blow.
Let me put it this way, what they, their expectations of Viva Pinata versus what actually happened
were a little different, they thought it was going to be the next Pokemon.
Yeah, I agree, they set their bar way too high on Viva Pinata, and I would not, I certainly
would never put Viva Pinata on a bad games of the year list, it just wasn't, it's not,
it wasn't Pokemon.
It's not a bad game, it's just a game I'm not going to play, I mean, there are kids,
I'm sure, that love the game, there are probably adults that love the game, it's just not for
me.
Viva Pinata Party Animals, that's crap.
I think even like, Major Nelson has said Viva Pinata Party Animals sucks, and that's pretty
bad when the people inside Microsoft don't like the game, I don't know that to be sure,
don't quote me on that.
They tried to look at what Pokemon has, and kind of emulate that, so they're like, okay,
it has a cartoon series, great, let's do a cartoon series, and it had a game, okay, let's
do this.
They put this out here, exactly like Pokemon, it's going to have the appeal of Pokemon.
No, it did not, in fact, I thought that adding the cartoon as well is kind of just shoving
it down our throats even more.
Just leave it as a game, if the game was popular enough to warrant a cartoon, great, do that.
I like Pooh Eater's idea, Viva Manhunt Pinata, there you go, I'm sorry, I did not mean to
derail the show with that little tangent, but when hasn't that happened before, sorry.
Next week, SNK will be producing yet another new game, oh wait, no, I'm sorry, they're
not, they're going to be putting out Metal Slug 3 on Xbox Live Arcade.
And the sound of Jamie cheering, by the way, is the only person you'll hear cheering about,
no, I'm just kidding.
You know what, it looks cool.
Metal Slug has a cult fanbase.
It's supposed to have updated HD visuals.
That's cool.
Whatever that's supposed to mean, because all the screenshots don't look updated to
me, but okay, I'll take the word for it.
Does HD visuals mean that they've added bars on the side that are prez?
They're going to do like they did with Double Dragon, not Double Dragon, yeah, Double Dragon.
That's okay, I guess.
It looks okay, I think, hey, you know what, if SNK's listening, if you want to remake
the game, great, or like reissue it, but like, redo all the visuals kind of like, I don't
know, Super Street Fighter 2, HD, whatever, you know, that's going to be coming out, redo
all the graphics, that'd be awesome.
Metal Slug might actually be a really fun live game.
It is.
Like, to play with people on live.
And it is going to have co-op over live, so that's kind of cool, and so yeah, it's 800
Microsoft points, should be out Wednesday, no word on if there's going to be another
game coming out as well, because it's only one game announced so far.
You know, and to Metal Slug's credit, although Loki and I give it a hard time on this show
for kind of being the same thing over and over, it really is a lot of fun, I think this
will be a good title.
I'd like to, you know, make fun of SNK because, you know, they're still making 16-bit games
all these years later.
The last four games that have come out from them have been, like, anthologies, okay, so,
no offense, I mean, hey, you know what, you're not the only company that does that, Capcom
and Activision, or Midway, I mean, everybody's...
But some of the anthologies, like the Mega Man anthology kicks ass, like, I don't know.
I don't know.
I just, you know, seriously, Metal Slug 3, Metal Slug 1, they've been re-released so
many times, it's like, okay, great, we love these games, but let's make something new,
okay?
Anyways, so, there's of course a new Street Fighter movie coming out, and not sure whether
you're going to be happy about that or not, but apparently one of the stars that they
have casted so far is in the role of Chun-Li, and it's Smallville's Kristin Kriek, and,
I don't know, she doesn't look Asian to me, but hey, she looks hot, so that's...
Is that the one that plays Lana?
I believe so.
Yeah, I believe so.
She's Asian.
She doesn't look Asian.
I'm sorry, that's not, I don't know, whatever, it'll work, I think, but hey.
Is she hot?
I mean, that's what most of the boys want to know, is she hot?
And some of the girls.
You know, that's the most important thing, isn't it?
I mean, ethnicity be damned.
Anyways, so, I don't know if you, really to be honest, the last Street Fighter movie didn't
set the bar too high, so, I mean, you don't have to try that hard to make a good movie
here.
But it had Kylie.
Yes, Kylie Minogue was awesome as Kami.
And who was Chun-Li?
Ming-Na was Chun-Li.
She's on ER now.
She wasn't bad.
She wasn't bad.
Apparently, anyways, I've actually watched this little video here.
There is a conference that went on, a hacking conference called 24C3.
And it's, I guess, an annual four-day conference organized by a hacking group called Chaos
Computer Club, where, of course, thousands of hackers and scientists, artists, et cetera,
gather.
So, one of the things that they showed off was that they have completely hacked the Wii.
This is an unmodded Wii.
They are managed, well, I shouldn't say it's unmodded, but there's no mod ship running
in it.
And they've, using a specially made disk and a kind of a serial port thing, they called
it a tweezer attack, they were able to run homebrew software in Wii mode.
Usually before that, they've only been able to do it through the GameCube operating system
or whatever on there.
It's all been limited to GameCube kind of homebrew stuff, but now they have access to
the full Wii stuff and within a matter of time, we're going to see a lot more Wii homebrew
out there.
So, I guess that's a good thing.
If you're interested, though, there is a YouTube video out there that shows kind of the whole
demonstration.
It's pretty much, they have like, I guess, a modded Lego Star Wars complete saga disk
and they used, they ran some program that showed like, you know, kind of the coordinates
of your Wii pointer and you could start and stop the drives and stuff like that.
That reminds me of something that I saw on YouTube.
I have a feeling we're thinking of the same thing.
Go ahead.
The guy did the target placing.
That is the same thing I'm thinking of.
Wasn't that shit amazing?
That was pretty cool.
Did you see that YouTube?
The guy, and I can't remember his name, I'm sorry, maybe somebody in chat remembers, but
he was a student at some school and he put together this thing where he swapped the Wiimote
and the sensor bar to create this, you know, the television instead of looking like, you
know, a normal Wii game, it looked like a portal into another world.
He didn't use the sensor bar itself, he actually used two infrareds attached to goggles.
Okay, sorry, same concept.
Because the sensor bar itself has an infrared reflect.
Right, and he put them in the glasses.
And it was basically, this YouTube is amazing, it's had over a million views, I'm sure most
of you have seen it, but it was basically, he kind of called out a lot of the game developers
in it and said, hey, if you want to do something this cool, you know, give me a call or you
should do it.
You know, I just told you how to do it.
So it looked amazing, just even in the little YouTube, the way, oh wow.
It was, yeah, it was like a head tracking, a VR head tracking is what it is, they have
that right now for like flight sims, like they're showing flight sim 10 or whatever,
you can do that and you can actually do it where it will, I don't know.
That was not a hacking thing this guy did.
Well, he made his own custom program, but you know, still, the hardware he used was
all pretty much, you know, stuff that could easily be done.
It just looked amazing.
Well, you can, how was it, adjust, I guess scale it so you don't have to look completely
behind you to look behind you and stuff like that, but yeah, it's pretty cool.
And he had some other things too, like on how to make like a VR, like whiteboard type
thing and some other stuff.
Wow.
So, anyways, other things to note here, some that may not be too happy unfortunately and
I hate to be the one to mention this, but I'm just gonna say it, this hasn't really
been out there that much, or actually it hasn't been out there yet, this news, but, let me
just say it I guess, it is a very likely situation that Smash Brothers may have been delayed
another month.
And where is this coming from?
I just happened to see a date change in our system for March now for Smash Brothers.
So it could just be an anomaly?
It could be an anomaly, it could be one of those things.
Now here's why I think it might be true though, because they're running into, I guess, there
are so many places that they can manufacture Wii Dis, and right now they're at full production
and because of that, a lot of games are getting delayed because they can't manufacture this
in time.
And they've said a few months ago that all Wii games and some DS games will be affected
by this, and so being that the case, one of two things could be happening here, one, distribution
may not be getting their copies, but retail will be, if there's going to be a shortage
like that, if they're anticipating that there's going to be a shortage, they're going to delay
it for everybody else for a month, or it really is delayed a month.
So right now, just don't be surprised if you see that news come out, but I wouldn't confirm
it 100% yet.
Interesting.
I don't know.
Now as some folks are hoping, could it be that they've delayed it to add Mega Man?
I doubt that.
Didn't the guy who made Mega Man come out this week and say Mega Man is not in Smash
Bros?
I don't remember.
I'm almost positive I read a story about that.
Everyone thought that the 20th anniversary of Mega Man they were in announced that Mega
Man was going to be in there.
I would like Mega Man in there, I think that'd be pretty awesome, but I don't think that's
going to happen.
And Color of Sakura also points out in their chatroom that Brawl already went gold in Japan.
Yeah.
So that's good.
Well, it's rumored that it went gold in Japan.
It's not official yet, because that was some website that is in production or whatever.
But it's not official yet, by any means.
Brack2000 speculates if they are going to come out and announce this delay, again, many
of the things Loki said is true, it could be an anomaly, it could be the distribution
only is getting delayed or what have you.
Brack2000 has an interesting thought here.
I wonder if they'll announce this delay with a huge announcement like last time with Sonic.
Like good news to soften the blow?
Here's the thing though, and this is the only reason why I think it might be true, any time
that we've been delayed product or whatever, like say, oh we're not going to ship you this
much or whatever, they didn't change the street date, they just, here's the date for this,
oh by the way, you're not getting any until this time.
I doubt they would change the date, but I'm just saying, it's about a month, I think March
9th is what we showed.
Keep us posted.
We'll see, I'll keep you posted.
You heard it here first.
But guess, I was going to mention one other thing.
There's two other games actually that, it's funny because some games might not be only
on Xbox 360, one we'll probably be talking about a little bit later of course, or we're
talking about quite a while ago, our wonderful game that involves rolling certain things
around.
It's still showing in our system, and it's actually moved dates the other week, sometime
around say, April-ish, so it's still very possible that that's actually coming out.
Interesting.
Yeah.
Could you, I could totally picture a gold edition with all the downloadable content
included in the game, just like Marvel Ultimate Alliance or something like that.
That'd be interesting.
Totally see that coming.
And then let's see here, I was going to mention one other thing real quick, Silent Hill Origins,
that was coming out on PlayStation 2 in Japan, it is coming out over here too.
Actually sooner than later, March.
Nice!
Very excited about that, you know, because I didn't play too much of the PSP version,
but PlayStation 2, that might be pretty cool.
Even though I guess I could plug in my PSP to my TV and do the same thing.
Finally, let's see here, what else we've got.
Oh, the DS, it's actually sold quite a bit of units in Japan, so much so that it's actually
outsold the PlayStation 2 over the course of its lifetime.
So that's pretty cool, hasn't done it in the U.S. though yet.
And then finally, the original Nights game on Nights Into Dreams will be coming to Game
Tap in 2008.
I've been playing that already.
You do Christmas nights this time of year, right?
I do Christmas nights.
Good times?
Very hard to watch on my TV.
Jamie, you've got a story for us real quick, and then we're going to open up the Skype
line.
So 1-877-GAME-OLR, our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio, call in and talk to us
about the year 2007.
This is more of a humor thing, because I think it's pretty damn funny, is that Nokia's N-Gage
first access platform has been delayed, and it's not going to be out in time for the holidays.
It was going to work on the Nokia N81 and N81A gigabyte phone for games and other types
of fun stuff, and they said that they ran into a little glitch while running it through
global testing.
So it's not there, like anyone cares.
I know what I was going to say, I'm sure all of America and the rest of the world, frankly,
is disappointed.
Phantom?
Yeah, by this news.
What ever happened to the fucking Phantom?
The lap board came out.
Really?
Yeah.
So it went from being console to lap board?
Yeah.
Interesting.
I didn't think the console was going to work when they were showing it off.
Oh my god, because it was just a PC, I'm like, I don't get this.
Who would download PC games?
Apparently Steam worked, so I was wrong there, but still, I mean, I don't know.
If they had a console that was just Steam, that might be pretty cool, maybe.
Well our Skype line is open, 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
Please remember though, if you're going to call us on Skype, give our test call a call
first.
That's ECHO123 on Skype, and that way you don't sound like shit when you get through
on the Skype line.
And what we're going to do is we're going to recap some of the stories that we went
over this year in the various months of the year, and I'll explain how that works as soon
as we take our first call.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
This is Ravenstaufen.
Can you hear me?
I can hear you, sir.
How are you?
I am fine.
Well god damn if it wouldn't be a year in review show if we didn't have you here, Ravenstaufen,
so I appreciate you calling in.
How are you doing?
I'm doing fine.
I'm playing Mario Galaxy just like you are.
Isn't it fucking great?
I do think it's fucking great.
I really do.
Excellent.
Well, go ahead.
The thing about Mario Galaxy that impresses me is the graphics.
I know the Wii is a piece of shit.
That's what some people say, but I really think that the Wii can pull off some really
good graphics.
You know, and we've said it before on this show, Nintendo loves to have aces in their
sleeves, and their systems always have these little hidden features and are probably capable
of much more than people usually give them credit for originally.
That's how they extend the life of their systems.
So I'm sure you have not seen the best looking Wii game yet.
Yeah, but this one is pretty good.
I really like what they did with the little effects, the little twinkles, and the little
things you go in the air, you see little things here and there.
The water shines.
Well, something to keep in mind too, Ravenstaufen, is that Mario Galaxy was not a ported GameCube
game, either.
You know what I mean?
It's truly an original game, and I think that's part of what made it stand out.
But it is colorful, so that's what I'm going to say.
Well, Raven, we're going to ask you to help us kind of recap the year here a little bit.
We're going to kind of go month by month.
I'm going to tell you about some of the top stories we went over, and I'd like to hear
your thoughts on what you thought was really the standout story from that month.
Sound good?
Oh, I was waiting for this, yeah.
All right, then we'll get your best and worst game of the year at the end.
So let's take a trip all the way back to January, and January started off with Orange
Honors Radio episode 215.
In episode 215, one of the headlines we talked about was that E3's replacement was announced,
and E3 was going to be replaced with E for All Expo, and of course we say replaced with,
we mean the...
Loosely.
Yeah, kind of loosely, because obviously we had many E3 happen a little later in the year,
but in the very first week of 2007, we learned about the E for All Expo was kind of first
announced.
In episode number 216, the top story from that week was a woman right here in the city
that we broadcast from in Rancho Cordova, California.
The woman died in our local radio station, 107.9's Hold Your Wee for a Wee contest, and
I see Jamie rolled her eyes and sighed when she heard about that.
Why are they rolling me the eyes and sighing, if I wasn't already sick, I'd be sick?
It is a very tragic thing, and I remember that you didn't do a show that week when that
story broke.
That's right.
We only did three shows in January.
I don't remember what happened, but we were off for a week in January.
I was at Disneyland.
You were at Disney...
Oh, we both were at Disneyland.
I was at Disneyland.
That's what it was.
That was my first trip to Disneyland a long time, so we were off, I think it was Martin
Luther King weekend, and that's the weekend it all went down.
You're right, we weren't on that week, and we came back and we were just like, you know,
if you think it's bad on the internet, try living here, where it's all going down.
Sorry, you were doing your little guys on the show, and you recapped it there.
I think that I was just whole surprised that no one had ever heard of drinking too much
water.
It was so funny, because I remember especially in Sacramento, the area where we live, there's
only been so many...
There has not been...
I don't have a number.
There have not been that many water deaths in this country, but there have been multiple
ones in the Sacramento region in the past couple of years, because there was the frat
kid at Chico State, which is where I went to school.
That's only like 90 minutes north of here.
There was that frat kid who, as part of the initiation, had to drink all that water, and
he died of water intoxication, which is what caught the DJs in a lot of fire in the whole
station, which, by the way, unlike I predicted earlier in the year, I believe when the story
first launched, 107.9 is still the end.
It's still owned by the same people.
They have a new morning program in place now.
I don't remember what they're called, but they have other wacky morning DJs on there
doing their thing, and same old stick, but with different people.
Well, I think it was good that the ones that were in charge of that got fired, because
honestly, I guess the majority of people in the world just don't know better.
I'm not going to go into my whole stupid people, including the gene pool thing, but still Darwin's
theory had some merit.
Episode number 217 in January, we only did three shows in January.
Episode 215, one of the top headlines that week was the news channel launched on the
Nintendo Wii.
You might remember when the Nintendo Wii first came out last year, we had the weather channel
was forthcoming in the news channel.
The news channel finally launched in January, and the reason why it's kind of noteworthy
is because it was a game console doing something pretty major other than games.
And it was the news channel.
I have not watched the news channel ever, ever, ever.
Does anybody actually use the news channel?
How about chat?
Does anybody in chat use the news channel?
Complete waste of time.
We should be able to remove that crap.
Raven, do you use the news channel?
I used it when it first came out, and do you remember what the first headline when you
went to technology was?
Was that, wasn't it the woman dying from the Wii, or what?
No, it was the PlayStation 3 launching in Japan, in Europe.
I remember that, that's right.
Wow, you got a good memory, that's right.
I remember I was amused because the first story I brought up in the technology was a
story about the PlayStation 3 launching.
I'm like, I'm reading about the PlayStation 3 on my Wii, this is weird.
Feels like an oxymoron, doesn't it?
Act Def says my brother does use it daily.
Color of Sakura says I have used the channel.
Mac Man says I use the new channel to wipe my ass.
I don't use the channel at all.
I think I looked at it once, and I went like, ah, don't eat it.
I use it once in a while just kind of to spin the globe, and check out, because like sometimes
you really want to know what's going on, and like, you know.
I just want to spin the globe and make everyone dizzy, yay!
Exactly.
Well, Raven, out of those stories, what do you think was probably the most impactful
in the game industry in January, and why?
The one about the Wii water one, when you cold your Wii for a Wii, because that didn't
go away quite fast.
It kept on going, lawsuits, people aren't suing Nintendo, all of that.
Yeah, but everyone forgot about it, like long after.
It lingered like a bad snow.
Seriously.
Just like some other ones.
I don't know, because it seemed like that story came up a couple of times, because then
like, you know, the family was going to sue Nintendo.
I remember that was a big follow-up story.
Yeah, because they're stupid.
And that's ridiculous, because Nintendo didn't have anything to do with it other than making
the product.
Oh, God, stupid people irritate the shit out of me.
Because they made the product, they engineered the desire for the product.
To be fair, they didn't actually sue Nintendo.
It was an exploratory thing, they were thinking of doing it, and they decided not to, so intelligence
did prevail.
Even considering it is stupid.
All right.
Because they know they'll get anywhere, nowhere with Nintendo.
All right.
Well, Raven, let's go ahead and do another month.
We'll let everybody do two months, because we're kind of low on people tonight, so you
want to continue to adventure with us into February, Raven?
It's fine by me.
All right.
Episode 218 started off February.
A games as porn bill failed in the state of Utah.
Yeah, especially the games they're out now, I would not consider those porn.
Geez.
Yes, that's right.
Utah was going to, at one point, put some of the adult games, basically regulate it
the same way they did porn.
But that bill failed in early January.
That makes absolutely no sense to this day.
I still think to myself, okay, Mario has porn.
That's a great idea, Utah.
Now Manhunt 2, though, is Manhunt 2 porn?
Nope.
To them, it is.
In a way, though, it may not be porn.
But of course, I've said this before, anything you could say about Manhunt 2 and how bad
it is for society, I go, Saw 4.
I'll say this about Manhunt 2.
What?
When I first heard Manhunt 2 was going to release, and when I looked at it, say Nintendo
Wii, I had to do a double shot.
I'm like, it's coming out for the PlayStation 2, PSP, and Nintendo Wii, I'm like, Nintendo
Wii?
All right.
Well, moving on through the month, Episode 219, one of the stick-out stories from that
episode, Codemasters had to replace faulty Bubble Bobble DS cartridges when the boss
in Level 30 didn't fucking show up.
You gotta love it.
And endless jokes for years and years here on this program when that happened.
Episode number 220, an insider in the gaming industry went on to PartnerNet, which is Xbox
Live's kind of staging area for Xbox Live, and spilled the beans on some of the upcoming
releases including Jetpack and Tetris Online.
But what should also be noted is that this news came all the way back from February,
and there were some other game titles that we never saw, like Juiced 2007 and Ob's Pinball.
Of course, a game like Ob's Pinball could have become the Pinball FX game that we did
yet.
Juice 2007 is just Juice 2 Hot Import Nights.
Oh, and it wasn't an actual arcade game or what have you, it was download content for
an existing game.
But nevertheless, this story was important because it was kind of a sign of people on
the inside, you know, kind of spilling the beans and getting all the secrets out there.
Those people suck.
Episode number 221, the last show we did in February, was the week that Warhawk was announced
that it was only going to be a downloadable title on the PlayStation 3.
Well, it was ruined.
Was it ruined?
No, it was confirmed for a while, and then they came back and said, but we're also going
to release it on Blu-Ray with the headset and all this stuff.
So that was the week, though, that Warhawk was originally announced as a download-only
title, which was big because, you know, obviously this was one of the games that Sony was pushing
and pushing when they first showed off the PlayStation 3.
And for this to kind of go back, you know, and say, well, we're just going to make it
a download-only game was kind of...
Six axis, all that stuff was going to be in it.
I'll never forget when they were showing off the six axis and he was trying to land the
jet on, like, the actual carrier thing, and it almost, like, tipped it off the edge of
the cliff because he didn't land it right.
That's hilarious.
That's what I'll remember, Warhawk.
All right, so Raven, we have Games as Porn in Utah, Bubble Bobble broken, PartnerNet
spills the beans, and Warhawk download-only on PlayStation 3.
What do you think had the most impact from February, the longest lasting impression on
2007 for gaming?
Of course, Bubble Bobble, how do you expect?
There's a game that the bosses show up, you're like, well, like, come on, boss, come out,
I need you, and you just never showed up.
Or how about the fact that, did anybody test this game?
There's no testers in Codemasters, that's hilarious.
Apparently not, and it's kind of sad because I have a lot of friends who have been game
testers that do very good jobs, you know, for various companies that they've worked
for, and it was just kind of sad when, you know, this kind of gave game testers everywhere
a bad name that something like this slipped through the cracks.
But obviously this was management cutting corners to meet some deadlines, and probably
the game did not go through the extensive testing it should have, right?
Yeah, but it just, to me, it just boggles the mind how the boss never showed up.
I mean, how do you miss that?
I don't know.
Good question.
Chat Room and Loki and Dark Soccer, do you guys agree with Raven's picks?
You think the Wii for a Wii and the Bubble Bobble were probably the biggest stories out
of those months?
Yeah.
Yeah, I guess.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, Raven, while we get the Chat Room's impressions of your picks there, why don't
you tell us what, in your opinion, and you can use any criteria you want, you don't have
to listen to what the critics say or what anybody else says but yourself, what, in your
opinion, was the worst game of 2007, the game that everybody should stay the hell away from?
Please stay the hell away of this one game.
I swear to you, it's free, but it's not even more free.
Yaris for the 360.
Just stay away.
Toyota Yaris on the 360, the worst game of 2007.
Free and the robotic claw didn't do anything for you?
Oh my God.
I want my time back.
I don't want my money.
I want my time back for that.
Best game of 2007, in your opinion, Raven?
Just one?
Just one.
You can tell us what some of your runner-ups would be, but we just want to know your number
one game.
That's the only one we're writing down.
Let's see.
I guess I'll go with Galaxy.
I really enjoy that.
I really enjoy it.
Even one of those games that just shows off the Wii and just puts everything in a nice
package going, Nintendo did something.
Anything kind of close for you?
Oh, there's a lot of things close, like Bioshock and Call of Duty 4.
You can't complain with those.
Overall, was it a good year for games, Ravenstaufen?
Overall, it's a great year for games.
I compare it to 2004.
What was so hot about 2004, remind us?
We had Grand Theft Auto, San Andreas.
We had Halo 2.
We had Half-Life 2.
We had God of War 1.
All those games came out in that year.
All right.
Well, Ravenstaufen, thanks so much for reflecting on the year with us.
We appreciate it, all right?
Thank you for having me on.
You are welcome, sir.
I appreciate it.
Best of luck in 2008.
We'll continue to hear from you in the year, right?
You bet.
All right.
Take care, buddy.
Bye.
If you want to give us a call and help us out in March and April, give us a call, 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio, and I'm trying to look at some of the comments
in the chat room here.
DarkZombie says, I demand Yaris 2 for Xbox Live Arcade.
ShadowSlayer says, Bubble Bobble is the best game ever.
I'm assuming he means the original, not the newer one.
Let's go to the phones and see who's going to join us for the next part of the show.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
This is DJ Darknight in house.
Hey, DJ Darknight.
How are you doing, my friend?
I'm all right.
How about y'all guys tonight?
I am excellent.
Hi.
So, Darknight, are you ready to reflect on some of the previous months here in 2007?
Yeah, I wanted to kind of follow up on that bubble ball thing, but it might be a little
bit later on.
Go ahead.
Go ahead, sir.
There was another DS game that had that same problem, and it was SNK versus Capcom Car
Fighter.
Yeah, the one card that wouldn't... Yeah, I remember that.
And get past the thing because the game would lock up or something.
Like a card didn't... Yeah, a card froze the game or something.
That's right.
So, it was interesting that that bubble ball thing kind of started to trend, sadly.
Yeah.
All right.
That one really hurt everybody for a while.
Hopefully lessons learned by all gaming companies in regards to testing your games for 2008.
Well, let's talk about March and April.
Starting off in March, episode number 222 kicked off March, and that was when Sony actually
... This happened a little bit before.
The details were leaked before the Game Developers Conference, but episode 222, the first week
of March was when we really started getting the details on PlayStation Home.
And I think the thing about PlayStation Home was it kind of made our collective jaws drop
a little bit because at this point, a lot of us had really written off the PlayStation
3 as the joke of this generation.
And then when PlayStation Home was announced, a lot of us kind of turned our heads and went,
really?
Really now?
This looks interesting.
Yeah, it looks interesting.
I wish it would come out now.
Yeah.
Someday.
Of course, now as we know, the damn thing still hasn't come out, but as I said before,
I think Sony's spreading themselves too thin.
I think Home is still a great idea, and I can't wait to see it in 2008 or whenever it
finally comes out.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Dark Knight, do you think PlayStation Home is worthy of selling PlayStation 3s?
I don't know.
I mean, it's a good idea.
They try to give some second life feel to it and everything like that, but I don't think
it'll do it.
I don't think it'll work.
I don't think it'll do much good.
We'll see in 2008 when the thing finally comes out.
People like making their avatars and stuff, and to be honest, I wish Home was something
that Nintendo was doing with the Miis, because I think that would have really launched that
console.
I mean, not that they really needed any help selling the console, but it would have launched
it even further had they had difficulty or anything like that.
Yeah.
It would have worked on Nintendo maybe, but like I said, I can't see it as Sony.
It may have worked.
It would have worked on Nintendo.
But Home, I think, is one of those things, though, it looks good on paper, but I don't
know how it's actually going to translate once they've built it.
Yeah.
Well, let's move on with March, episode number 223.
Microsoft upped the arcade limit and subsequently the memory card sizes.
You might remember Xbox Live arcade games were limited to 50 megabytes, and at the Game
Developers Conference, I believe, Microsoft announced that they were going to be upping
the arcade limit, which allowed some more titles to come out that were much bigger,
such as Castlevania Symphony of the Night, I believe, was the first one that broke the
50 meg limit.
It was something like 90 megs.
And obviously, the memory card sizes had to be upgraded as well, which I certainly don't
think anybody sees this as a bad decision by Microsoft.
It was probably one they should have made a while ago.
Why they ever limited it in the first place was a little weird, but I guess it was because
of the memory cards.
Yeah, because I mean, and I don't think that many people actually bought them, like talking
about it.
Most of the people bought the 512 one only because it came with geometry wars in it.
Oh, I guess that's a good point.
Or you know, you just, you have the core and the memory cards all you need.
Like you know, I think most of the hardcore gamers like you and I and probably most of
the people that, you know, seek out gaming podcasts and therefore listen to this program,
we probably all understand why you need a hard drive.
But for those people that bought their Xbox 360s just so they could play Madden, you know,
have it be their party machine, I suppose, you know, memory cards are what they're going
to buy because that's what they're used to from PlayStation.
Right.
Right.
Well, and plus, like I said, the last system I remember, you know, the other system I had
that had a hard drive in it was the Sega Saturn.
So it was kind of like a take back when it saw that the 360, the newer systems would
have that.
What about the old school Xbox, though?
The first Xbox, they all had hard drives built in.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
I forgot they did.
Yeah.
Xbox One had hard drive.
Ironically enough, Xbox One didn't really use the hard drive, though, like it should
have.
It almost seems like Microsoft, when they originally conceptualized the original Xbox,
wanted to do some of the things from the very beginning that they didn't do until the Xbox
360.
It almost feels like that way.
Right?
Yeah.
I don't know.
I mean, it's just me.
Of course.
I think most of the people used it just to record music.
Just use their music and play CDs and whatnot and save it to the hard drive.
That's really all you could use it for.
Yeah.
Well.
Don't think.
Yeah.
Episode number 224 in March was pretty epic.
I swear to God, I looked at the list of stories we covered that week, and this really was
the one that kind of stuck out as the most relevant to what was going on in the games
industry in general at that time.
That is, episode 224 was the week that Loki revealed on this very program that there was
a game coming out called Beautiful Katamari that was going to be coming out later in the
year.
And the reason why I picked that is not necessarily the announcement itself, but all the fall
out.
The backlash.
The backlash that came from that because it definitely kind of showed A, can the independent
media be trusted, and who are these guys, and dah, dah, dah, and kind of B, when Namco
obviously, as most people know, it's not a very big secret now, now that the game's out,
I think we can talk a little more openly about this, Namco putteth the smacketh down a little
bit and there wasn't a lot we could do because we are an independent organization, because
this is something that is run out of our spare times, and because of the fact that we don't
have the mogul media companies to back us up and say, we're going to go fight you in
court over this, freedom of the press, blah, blah, blah.
We had to run away with our tail between our legs, and it kind of sucked.
It was, like I said, it wasn't the first time, remember the controversy with Kotaku and Sony
and how they said something about Sony, and Sony threatened to basically stop backing
them, and the community was up in arms about it, and they was up in arms about it, and
Sony was like, okay, okay, okay, we'll bend, we'll bend, we'll bend.
It hurt, it was just, nothing's worse than a community scorn.
But unfortunately, we don't have that same oomph that Kotaku has, it just kind of sucks,
but it definitely was a very interesting thing to watch, I'm sure, you know, it was a hell
of a thing to see from the inside, I'm sure on the outside it was probably pretty interesting
too.
Oh yeah, oh yeah.
Like I said, I mean, I do my own show, and I'm just like, oh, own show, I'm kind of sketchy
on most of the release news, I'm like, eh, do I want to really touch that or no?
Hey, I figured it's not that important anymore, especially since all the releases changed
so much anyways.
But I guess for whatever reason, they were really trying to keep that under wraps.
Yeah, they were really trying to keep under wraps.
Well, they didn't do a very good job, or we wouldn't have found it.
Yeah, they were really, they should really keep it under wraps that a PlayStation 3 and
Wii version are coming out in April, that would really hurt.
Welcome!
You're awesome.
We're going to jail.
Alright.
Views and opinions expressed by Loki, please don't sue us.
Episode number 225, there was one more episode that came out in March, and that was the episode
where Devil May Cry 4 was announced that it will no longer be a PlayStation 3 exclusive,
and obviously that had a big impact because that kind of left Metal Gear Solid 4 and Final
Fantasy 13 as the only real triple-A, super-grade-A PlayStation 3 exclusives left.
I mean, this was huge the week that this one was announced, because it was like, oh my
gosh, one of the big three just jumped ship, and it's now going to be Xbox 360.
And now, flashing forward to where we're at now, not only is it also coming out on the
Xbox 360, but they're making bundles out of it in Japan, the whole Devil May Cry bundles
now are coming out.
Devil May Cry for 360 if he doesn't get one.
I mean, don't get me wrong, I saw a preview of the game in it, it's going to look good.
It does look pretty awesome, I'm going to have to check it out.
I've never really followed the Devil May Cry series that closely, but this game may have
to make me change my mind.
It has one thing going for it so far, the return of Trish.
Jamie's happy.
All right, well, Dark Knight, out of those four stories, the unveiling of PlayStation
Home, Microsoft upping the arcade limit, beautiful Katamari being spoiled by us, and Devil May
Cry 4 no longer being a PlayStation 3 exclusive.
Which one do you think had the most impact in 2007?
I'd say the Katamari spoiler thing, because like I said, it was just basically eye-opening
to everybody that let them know that, yeah, this really not only could affect the big
guys but it could affect the money guys and leak a story like that and have somebody go,
no, you might want to...
And I know because of our announcement, those sales of Katamari have been so horrible just
because of our announcement.
You know what's weird?
I actually wouldn't have picked the same story myself.
I wouldn't have.
I would have went with the Devil May Cry story, but that's all right.
I mean, like I said, when I heard the aftermath about it, I was stunned.
I was like, wow, but it did kind of show that y'all had enough clout to get that much attention.
All right, well, there you have it.
Loki, Dark Soccer, do you agree?
Was that the biggest story in March?
Were we the biggest story in March, or are we just being egotistical here?
I agree actually with the Devil May Cry thing.
You think Devil May Cry was a weird story?
I don't know about Devil May Cry 4.
I'm like, yeah, Devil May Cry 4 is on 360 and PS3, oh, good for them.
I think that it's more or less the total public recognition by another company that, well,
maybe the PlayStation 3 is a piece of shit.
That's what it was for me, too.
I would have worded that strongly, but yes.
We want people to actually buy our game, so we're going to put it on a system that people
are buying.
I think that's what it was for me, is that that's the way I would phrase it, is that
it was really a company kind of acknowledging, hmm, Sony ain't selling the way we thought
it would.
We're going to have to go put this game out on Microsoft as well.
Or they figured out, hey, guess what, it isn't that hard to develop for the 360 and the PlayStation
3 at the same time.
Pretty easy to port the code over.
Let's do that.
Exactly.
All right.
I went through a bonus one and said basically, um, Stranglehold having so much expectation
it ended up being a bust.
Oh, that's right, Stranglehold was released in March, huh, I remember that.
No wonder.
Was it?
Was it?
Was it March or later?
I think it was in the Sunday release.
That was in like September and October.
Was it?
Yeah.
But it seemed like this game, like it was at E3.
Like a year and a half ago.
And then, all right.
It was supposed to be like a release title for the 360 at one point the way they showed
it.
I probably was originally supposed to come out in March and got delayed that whole time.
That might be true, but.
All right.
Well, anyway.
Let's talk about April.
Episode 226 kicked off April and one of the top stories from that episode was the announcement
that Sonic and Mario were going to be teaming up for a new game, Mario and Sonic at the
Olympics.
And nobody cared.
Dared.
Well, hold on.
Exactly.
Now they don't because after the game came out, I don't think most people cared anymore,
but the week this was announced, this was huge news.
That's kind of why I bring this up because people were like, OMG, Sonic and Mario.
But now, you know, obviously since then, we've had Sonic be announced in Brawl and all that
stuff too.
You know, it's not such a big deal, but at the time, it was like, OMG, my childhood,
you know, fantasies in some way or, you know, the thing you never thought would happen is
happening.
Sonic and Mario in the same game.
True.
That was a big announcement.
Episode number 227 in April, that was the week that Rock Band was announced and that
was probably our biggest story we talked about that week because obviously Rock Band was
a very ambitious game that ended up on many people's game of the year list for 2007.
Will it end up on ours?
We'll see.
But yeah, Rock Band was announced that week and, you know, I think to an extent, I think
the reason why this was noteworthy is that for us, especially here at Orange
that was a big announcement.
And that was probably our biggest story we talked about that week because obviously Rock
Band was a very ambitious game that ended up on many people's game of the year list
for 2007.
a lot of us were caught off guard at just how ambitious this game was because
I think for a lot of us I don't know about you guys but for me I was like
they're gonna do guitar, drums, and singing like all in one game that's it
was like it's kind of it was like a big thing because I I would think that
nobody would have never thought of something like this being conjoined
together for one game other than like the drum mania guitar freaks thing right
and I think that's what it was for me is that you know obviously had guitar
freaks drum mania keyboard mania in the arcades years ago it just kind of
surprised me that it was like whoa somebody's actually gonna try and do
this in the US and they are gonna put it all in one game and they're gonna put it
all in one box and see if it sells that's that is fucking ambitious right
there. And the ultimate kicker was they had a singing part to it
and that was the ultimate kicker the ultimate breakdown was that you put
singing into it it was like a big it was like a big deal especially with the
populated karaoke games. All right. Hey, Loki, say hey. episode number 228 a story that
definitely stuck out for us in episode 228 a woman who played on the game World
of Warcraft posted an ad on Craigslist offering sex to get the gold to buy her
epic mount that's right it was the woman who will make an epic mount for an epic
mount that's right she was the woman who would mount for a mount and obviously
enough said here I mean this got people talking about you know where do you draw
the freaking line seriously I mean this this had a lot of people talking about I
would I would be curious what that woman's up to now like you know did she
do it again? I got one to top of that actually I think I've never talked about it how
about once I mean what probably has happened an Australian lady met a young
teenager online through W.I.L.B. paid her way to come to America to visit him
I remember I do remember hearing about this I think we might have covered this
on the show but yeah it's similar it's a similar story yeah in some ways just
crazy what some people get into on Wow but you know I gotta say as a World of
Warcraft player those epic mounts really are a bitch to get I mean I almost am
ready to put out to get one and that's why I don't touch that game not really
though I'm just kidding all right and then episode 229 was the last episode we
taped in April it actually must have been a slow news week because the top
story I pulled from that one is that the PlayStation I was officially announced
but actually I think the reason why this is relevant is because obviously you
know a lot of us are kind of wondering you know Sony showed this off at you
know e3 and it disappeared for the longest time we never heard anything
about the eye of judgment and suddenly out of nowhere bam here it is the
PlayStation eyes coming out and I think this might have been the episode where
Loki made the bet I don't remember it might have been over the summer it was
later late all right but regardless the PlayStation I was officially announced
in episode 229 so I mean like it just it seemed like the news was pretty slow I
think what I'm trying to remember when I debut because I think I did I think I
was working on that when I was like guys not much gaming this week hey it
happens sometimes when you do we show sometimes that's why we play games
sometimes that was a match game week all right anyway Dark Knight I'm out of
those four stories Sonic and Mario team up rock band announced a woman in World
of Warcraft puts out for her mount and the PlayStation I officially announced
what do you think had the biggest impact in gaming from April uh I would probably
have to say at first I was thinking about the Mario and Sonic thing but to
be honest I think the World of Warcraft ain't just me on the grounds of it
involved it involves sex for legal prostitution yeah yeah basically she
said right virtually you're picking it because it's a story that involves sex
which is fine but it is it is kind of an instance of taking your games way way
way too seriously right I mean like other than what happened later on in the
years that made it worse and brought everything back ahead again I think the
reason why that is important to gaming in general in 2007 because I think
ninety nine point nine percent of people looked at that story and went I don't
want that to be me ever like even the most hardcore gamers were like I do not
want that to be me ever a way to keep us in check all right but here's the
kicker though yeah I hate to bring political politics into this but mm-hmm
I don't know if y'all heard but apparently a presidential candidate done
scheduled a parade and Wow it was recently this is recent or I think it's
a recent Ron Paul riffing interesting Ron Paul was going to Ron Paul
apparently he got some people or somebody might set it up I don't know
apparently he got they're gonna do like a little campaigning parade on Wow I
forgot what thinking from Iron Forge to some area and whatnot and I was like
wow they definitely they definitely having the goal to go for this one I
remember jokingly said um great if this pulls off they're gonna win the nerd
vote Wow no I know it's gonna be a hell of a year honestly this is about as cool
as dr. evil in Austin Powers I'm hip I'm cool he's like look see I'm hippie cool
I know what World of Warcraft is vote for me I mean that's pretty much it look
how easy you can piss the gamers off you know and there's a lot of gamers over 18
who are voters you know somebody like you know Hillary Clinton you know she's
a big presidential candidate she's pissed a lot of people off with her
stance and she kind of remember she backtracked like earlier in the year she
was kind of more anti-video game and then she kind of came out and supported
the ESRB a little later and said you know we've done a lot of work and that
it uh it's very interesting and then when I was waiting for your vote well I
can say is 2008 it's gonna be a hell of a year with the election going on and
everything dark knight let's let's hear it what do you think in your opinion was
the worst game of 2007 I had to agree with Davis dolphin animals yards I
played it once and never touched it again or base that I basically gave it
the what the hell was I smoking when I played this game award there you go well
in your opinion what was the hands-down above all best freaking game of 2007
guys so many games but I had to go with Call of Duty 4 because the game basically
could the big game could basically be turned into a movie by itself you
wouldn't need no actors that you wouldn't need no actors or anything like
that just put the game in let it run its course it's the Oscar hit I think as I'd
heard somebody describe Call of Duty 4 it's just fucking epic it is it's just
fucking epic talk to best best person that asked about that talk to Travis I
will I will he's a veteran he'll tell you which by the way Travis was here
last week when we weren't here and did it did a heck of a show I gotta say so
check that out out there yeah check that out at under station live dot org it's
it's something else or he's on his new is he's on a new site now right Travis
Travis Donovan Donovan live that's right but it's unknown but I think is and I
think he did put the episode under under sedation nice cuz like I said I was there
trust me I was part of that shenanigans that episode so lots of fun good times
well dark night we gotta let you go but thanks so much for participating tonight
and have a great 2008 all right thank you for having me on y'all guys do the
same time here take care buddy all right dark night there let's see if we get
somebody else to join us talk about we're gonna do May and June I know it's
a little different for we have there but since we're giving everybody two months
we'll go ahead and do man June we got somebody on the line hi who's there yo
it's Enoch or from the ultimate quest I guess what is up xeno core how you doing
yeah I'm still alive you know paying bills and such how was your holiday
good I got two shirts very close to yeah man all right clothing is good that's
right keeps you warm during these cold months Christmas is intended to give you
underwear and socks how are things over the ultimate quest you guys doing your
own year and wrap up uh yeah we pretty much finished our shows for the year
we're going on hiatus for the new year so I can get inebriated at least and
but we'll be picking up next year I think the first weekend in January will
be starting up again so I gotta pass a message along to footy monster I don't
know if he's listening tonight or what but footy monster obviously one of the
other co-hosts on over on ultimate quest which is a fellow all games affiliate
including us we broadcast on all games Monday nights and Tuesday mornings I
gotta say this there is a new addition to our co-host in the back and you can
only see him on operator 11 when we're up in the feeds over for right now but
when it comes back up notice this we have a new penguin in the back it's a
little blow-up penguin that penguin is actually from Argentina my by roommate
sister was just there in Argentina and brought me back this blow-up penguin
that I guess was in some type of snowboard shop and his name is Guido the
penguin and she photographed him at all these beautiful places throughout
Argentina and gave me the little book for Christmas along with the blow-up
penguin I thought it was just such a creative gift it's awesome so that's
pretty cool I'm not sure to pass that message along I thought footy would get
a kick out of that because sometimes you know Argentina is a huge fucking country
but it doesn't get mentioned enough usually and you know because because the
gaming scene just isn't it isn't what it is here there you know what I mean it's
not it is very different as very because he lets us know very much so on the
show all right well enough about people who aren't here let's talk about the
year in review and talk a little bit about did you kill the fly Loki thank
you no there's there has been two flies in here bugging the shit out of us all
night long we're about ready to scream all right anyway sorry to rail a little
bit let's talk about may may started off with episode number 230 PETA got pissed
off and PETA not of course the type of PETA that you eat but PETA being the
people for ethical treatment of animals they got pissed off here's why they got
pissed off do you remember when Sony did their God of War promotion in Europe and
they actually killed a live goat yeah man muttons good for you oh my gosh and
PETA of understandably was pissed off about that and the rest of us were
wondering what the F were they thinking having the I don't know if I don't think
they actually killed the goat live but they had the dead goat like everywhere
and it was just kind of like what the crap are you people thinking yep it was
pretty humorous it's like they were did he at least make mutton or stew out of
it or anything he just had a dead carcass right there smelling of the
place mm-hmm mm-hmm awesome Oh at footy monsters actually in Chad he just he
just said something about Guido that's funny anyway sorry I got distracted all
right episode number 231 hey you'd like this as a roleplay fan one of the
stories that stuck out from episode 231 Final Fantasy 4 was announced that it
was going to be remade for the DS and not just you know this is much different
from what Squeenix had been doing with the past Final Fantasy games and
releasing them but they were going to remake all of Final Fantasy 4 similar to
how they did with Final Fantasy 3 and now the game is out in Japan we're still
waiting for it here in the u.s. but certainly I had people thinking you know
different ways about that what do you think about the Final Fantasy 4 remake
on the DS well I'm all for the remakes when they switch to another console that
was not previously and they're just gonna you know print more money once it
gets released over there but there's some news with the sequel but I won't go
too much into that but it's a it's a win for Nintendo so why not I I you know and
I was I was very hesitant about this I was like oh god this is like my favorite
Final Fantasy game I'm like one of a very few amount of people where Final
Fantasy 4 really is like my favorite Final Fantasy game and that probably is
mostly sentimental value go in there but it really is like my favorite one and
I'm just like please please Square Enix do not fuck this up but then when I saw
the you know screen caps and the previews I'm like wow this actually
looks pretty awesome yep so the cane stragoon jump for the win yeah looking
for oh it's gonna be great episode 232 big week for PC gamers because that was
the week that Starcraft 2 was announced and Blizzard reviving one of their
franchises they've been a little bit dormant I mean obviously we had the
rumors of Starcraft ghosts years ago and everybody kind of thought you know this
had to come eventually and finally it arrived in May the announcement of
Starcraft 2 episode 233 was the one we taped live at Fonami and that was the
week that the Super Smash Brothers brawl news really started to pour in and
namely this is the one that was revealed that they were gonna be having tons of
returning musicians you basically had all these people that had contributed to
other Nintendo games we're gonna be creating songs for Super Smash Brothers
and remaking your old classics and you know obviously you can hear a lot of it
on the official Smash Brothers site and just a lot of good stuff I mean it do
you think brawls gonna live up to the hype
Xenocore that's a rough one cuz it is getting quite a lot of hype I mean it
just whenever I start seeing games advertise this much I just expect it to
fall short a certain degree just you know just from process of elimination
over the years you know whenever again gets hyped up and always fall short one
or two spots so if it does I'm gonna be surprised but if it does not then all
better and you know especially if it is true what Loki said earlier you know and
it does turn to be true that the game gets delayed another month it's gonna
have to be that much better to make it worth all they're gonna yeah that's a
first-party game so it's not gonna get relate release when it's complete crap
there's no way true true well okay out of those stories of PETA and the God of
War go go Final Fantasy 4 remake Starcraft 2 announced and Super Smash
Brothers revealed what do you think was the story that had the biggest impact in
gaming or if you have something else you want to throw in there go for it no
mainly I'd go with the the story with the guard of war carcass just because it
spills over to mainstream media when you see stuff like that and it brings
attention to the gaming and world and not a good kind of attention yeah it's
definitely bad attention I have to agree with you there that's probably what I
would pick to definitely would pick that one all right let's move on to June we
only take three shows in June I don't know what happened I guess we were we
fell asleep or maybe another Disneyland trip happened in there I'm not sure is
it was there all right well there were three shows taped in June episode 234
that was the week I love this that was the week that Ubisoft apologized for
making crappy Wii games do you remember that one that they said you know what
maybe we shouldn't have done so many ports just just to have a game company
even though I'm you know obviously this was an off comment that some executive
said they got turned into this whole you know Oh Ubisoft is apologizing for their
crappy games even the fact that they even remotely went there was definitely
newsworthy I gotta say because they did make a lot of crappy Wii games in the
beginning episode 235 that was the week that Sony finally after all that time
finally launched their semi-official blog three speak finally that was
launched in June of 2007 and obviously Sony had been kind of trying to catch up
you might remember from the year before all I want for Xmas is a PSP calm and
remember that didn't go so well that time and so most people were saying you
know what Sony really needs like a major Nelson you know Nintendo has their
poster kids with Miyamoto and Reggie Fils-Aime you know Microsoft has you
know major Nelson and Trixie and people that are out there in the community
Sony's got crazy crayon-eaten-ken if they hired me I bet you I could sell ps3
how would you sell a PlayStation 3 first of all I'd restore it to its original
format mm-hmm but I would have it with all of the goodie stuff and a 40 gig
hard drive mm-hmm it would not even have the option of having more yes but how
would you sell it what would that commercial look like boobs just just
women jumping on trampolines is that what it would be no you can have graphics
this realistic oh my god okay that is a brilliant idea for a commercial just all
the commercial is is 30 seconds of boobs on trampolines and then in the very last
second it says generated by PlayStation 3 this is all real baby should be working
for Spike TV or or have like a shoe like barbecue because nothing will sell a
game like boobs and barbecue Mac man says in chat room Jamie would just tape a
ferret to every PlayStation 3 free ferret with every game and Dark Knight
wants to remember how did that crayon-eating bit even start Megsy that's
right one of the OMR lesbians started the crayon-eating thing that's right
captain Crayola starts at Suya says all right well anyhow out of those three
stories or if you have one of your own Xenocore Ubisoft apologizes Sony
launches their own blood oh I'm sorry I didn't even read the third and third one
episode 236 was the week that manhunt 2 officially got the AO rating and of
course this just began weeks upon weeks of oh my gosh when will this news end
about manhunt 2 and of course you know it didn't happen the same week but you
know you subsequently was banned by the British board and so on and so on I mean
enough said manhunt 2 got the AO rating and had to go back for repairs and
that's why the game got delayed to Halloween side of those three stories
Ubisoft apologizing Sony launching their official blog and manhunt 2 getting the
ratings in a core what do you think biggest impact it's got it's got to be
the manhunt 2 story I mean that that went all across the globe on that one
hands down absolutely everything else kind of pales in comparison that might
because that story just kind of like the lady who died from drinking the Wii and
the pita stuff and all the other stuff most people have named so far she drank
the Wii she drank all the water for the Wii drink we for a week now that's a
contest I'd like to see who's willing to drink their we for a week it really is
although although although you can use P as a I don't I don't I always think I
think back to when I watch survivor years ago and there was a guy there was
the guy going the the stingray just bit me I need someone to pee on it and so
this lady goes over squats on him and pees on it and sure enough disinfects it
but it's really better with your own pee because it breaks down the proteins in
the in the toxin it's just remember the guys there I need someone to pee on it
I mean tenderizer works too sorry anyhow well seen a court let's not topic
talking about I'm such discussing potty humor and let's get to the good stuff
and that would be in your opinions in a car what was the worst freaking game of
2007 the worst game of 2007 mmm I mean it's too easy it's too easy of a target
I was trying to think of something else but it did nothing comes to mind yards
needs to go whoever developed it needs to have their names published so they
can't get another job in the aiming industry so simple as that three out of
three of named Yaris is I have a stick and it's not Yaris ah I can't think of
another one out we gotta save everything I'm actually gonna tell you the last
issue of Xbox magazine was listing Yaris as a piece of crap into the official
Xbox magazine even how sad how nice all right well let's get to the good stuff
Xenocore in your opinion the best freaking game of 2007 okay I'll probably
get more hate mail for that but it gives me more to read on the show but uh yeah
I got to say portals the best game of the year why I'm surprised that I I was
I was waiting to write persona 3 as an RPG player I would have thought that was
gonna be your pick but why portal because it's the most innovative title
period everybody else is doing something that's really been done before I mean as
good as Super Mario Galaxy is ratcheting clank beat him to the market with it
rather or not they've developed it already Bioshock was a big
disappointment for me it was good in the beginning but it sucked at the end and
in hindsight it's like what what's all this stuff you know so I threw Bioshock
to the side and the others just didn't make a big of an impact this portal I
can still go back and play portal now well point gets to win you never know
Xenocore we're gonna be recapping our picks later in the show and I'll bet you
at least one of the three of us agrees with you that portal was the best game
in 2007 but we'll find out for sure you never know surprises there are many
so we'll get to that a little later in the show but Xenocore thank you so much
for joining us and we always have appreciated your calls throughout 2007
best of luck to you and the whole crew at the ultimate quest for 2008 all right
yeah no problem thanks a lot guys all right take care buddy bye bye
that was Xenocore ladies and gentlemen helping us recap May and June and so
we're halfway through the year I think it's about time we take ourselves a
little bit of a break don't you guys think we have to take a break here
pretty soon sure but there's one more thing we need to take care of before we
go to break because we are getting to the end of part a and what happens at
the end of part a that's right it's time for Dark Sakura's classic game of the
week the chance for her to respect the elders actually I believe tonight is a
very special edition because if I'm not mistaken tonight is the classic game of
the year I shot she's nodding yes it is the classic game of the year so you
need to check this shit out because this is gonna be this is gonna be epic
whatever she picks tonight and let's hear it
Dark Sakura what is the classic game of the year the classic game of the year is
one of the best games ever in the universe it's Parodius Da Shinwakara
Owariye which translates to my nose is all stuffed up it translates to Parodius
from Myth to Laughter and the version that I have for our music is the PC
engine release of it because honestly and I've played through the Super
Famicom one it lags so badly it has bad liquor and slow down because it's a lot
of stuff to process via the the PC engine did it better but this is as you
can probably tell from the name Parodius is a parody of Gradius it actually is
the second one in the series the first Parodius came out on the MSX system but
in this one you get to play you've actually got your different power-up
abilities based on what character you pick you can play the Vic Viper from
Gradius you can play an octopus you can play a Twinbee this is the one where you
fight the stripper you they're the Vegas showgirl whatever she is yeah oh my god I
remember this one by going in between her legs now why did Parodius never come
out in the u.s. it came out in Europe but why never here were we just not I
mean showgirl thing we just want to get too far up their ass so basically I mean
and for those of you that may be kind of looking at Jamie right now going what
the heck why are you picking this type thing you really do have to imagine this
game is Gradius on crack yeah and what makes this game so freaking epic is just
the fact that that I think it was mostly ignored here in the u.s. Moai stage
because you know kami games have to have the Moai head in there absolutely but
the way that the the power-ups worked I thought it was cool the Vic Viper is the
old-school Gradius config the octopus is the salamander configuration Twinbee is
the Twinbee configuration even with the rocket with the the punching fists and
pants Haro is Gradius three I always would play as a Twinbee because I love
the rocket fist but it's also really cool and the one that we're watching is
actually the Vic Viper playing through because you get the option and double
it's just like gradius to when you play it that way and the thing that my
favorite weapon in the whole thing maybe this is a reason why I didn't come out
because of the Eagle I noticed that the boss monster is being fought right now
is an American Eagle wearing a Yankee hat and little bow tie it just exploded
well um a little bit more is that you one of your power-ups in the game is a
bell and you keep shooting the bell and like if you shoot the if you get a blue
bell it'll make your character grow big and anything it touches will be
destroyed if you get a green one it's a big flare and destroys everything on the
screen including most bosses and that's actually how you beat the naked lady you
one of the people that you fight is this woman wearing a sheet and when you shoot
she goes angels at you bubbles in fact here's a here's a picture of her on the
wiki I'll link it in the chat room nice nice um but she's really freaking hard
to beat so you have to usually have to have the mega flare by there but they
always give you a bell right before that stage my favorite of those is the gray
bell which shouts words like the whole phrase is like you know I think one of
them is the equivalent of like eat at Joe's and another one is equals NC
squared and now this is actually not my favorite in the parodius series my
favorite is a GQO Shabari Parodius which you can play on Saturn and that's the
one that has and for anyone who wants to know that means chatting pretty aside
for anyone who wants to know it has the miracle OOP of it has the penguins
Pantero and Hanako twin be and win be that your Viper and Lord British from
Gradius not to be confused with Richard Garriott yeah right okay and it has
some girls writing on a missile and now it has I assume quite soon which for
anyone who ever played um Yu-Gi-Oh there's cards for them there are these
little stickmen writing on paper airplanes but I just think that it's
pretty cool had so much stuff going on and the other one in the series was
there was sexy Parodius and Paro Wars and I also saw last night and I mean if
you can hear on the thing a lot of the levels we mix Gradius music to start or
salamander music and then play classical music like so um but uh last night I was
looking at YouTube trying to find you know because we obviously play the the
sound off of YouTube that way but I found the Parodius pachinko machine
videos nice and one of the there's even like this little model show with the the
bunny suit girls is girls in bunny outfits writing on missiles and then
you the the the showgirl was one of them stomping through the city and it's it was
just really cool I was like so we at least still have the Parodius franchise
still alive I would like to see a new Parodius really bad all right or some
folks have chatter saying Parodius on virtual console especially with the fact
that we do happy we do know they will put Japanese games that were once
Japanese only they have been releasing over here like Mario Brothers 2 the
original I think everybody is you know smart enough to just get over it I know
really it's not a big deal the reason why I like I'm very pretty is that one
of the bad guys in it is actually supposed to be one of the girls from
Tokimeki Memorial the the long-term dating sim nice yeah well there it is
folks your classic game of the year Parodius da in this case on the PC
engine but you know it's it's out there for multiple systems so very good pick
Jamie this game always cracks me up every time I watch it because Parodius
is an awesome game and where was this game in the Parodius collection that's
what I would like to know I know right but I think there was like I think there
was another I actually want to say that all of them have been released on
Saturn except for the MSX one well coming up in part B on tonight's program
we're gonna get into the mailbag we're gonna get into the next six months of
the year from July to December recap in the top stories we're gonna talk about
release dates or lack thereof and our top five best and worst games of the
year as well as our predictions for 2008 that's all come up right after the break
orange lounge radio is taped live on Sunday nights and it's podcast to the
world twice a week stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this
week's orange lounge radio
