Today, December 2nd, 2007, the Wii gets DS demo downloads, Sony swaps out their ad agency,
and DIVX comes to Xbox in the next update.
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge
Radio.
We are that podcast dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer
lifestyle.
For those of you out there who have recently turned to independent radio this week in light
of recent events, a warm welcome from all of us here at OLR.
My name is Rob Roberts, joining me not tonight is the one and only DarkSakura, Jamie Summers,
she is still on vacation, I believe she's coming back to town tonight, we'll see her
back on the show next week, but meanwhile holding down the old fort is the one and only
Loki.
Yes, I'm here.
How you doing?
Good.
Good.
Playing Phantom Hourglass right up until the last second I see.
Yes I am.
But we'll get to your gaming week in just a little bit.
We are joined tonight by the lovely Rice Princess filling in tonight.
Hello.
So it's not just the Rob and Loki show, because otherwise.
It'd be pretty fucking boring.
It might be pretty fucking boring, you put two nerds together and stuff.
So we brought in a third nerd.
So hello Rice Princess.
And then it becomes great, like three nerds makes it better.
I think there was a sitcom, wasn't there, like three nerds, three mics and a pizza place,
I don't know.
Anyhow, I hate that the cam is down this week and I'll talk more about that later because
Irene has the greatest nerdy shirt in the world.
And where'd you, is this something you got from Hot Gothic?
Yeah.
Okay, it's a Metroid shirt.
It's basically the box art from Metroid.
And what does it say?
Can you defeat the mother brain?
Or no, beat the mother brain.
Beat the mother brain.
But you bought me a shirt too from Hot Topic, right?
I did.
I'm so excited.
I love presents.
I'm going to open it.
I haven't actually opened it yet.
So I'm opening it here live on air.
Really sucks that the cam's down this week.
I know, but it's not gaming related at all.
It's not.
It's not gaming related at all.
Oh well.
That's okay.
I'll pretend I didn't see the tag.
Yeah.
You should do that.
Oh my God.
What is it?
Hey, that's awesome.
It's a Pee Wee Herman shirt.
It's cherry.
No, you should turn it over to the front because that's the back, I'm sure.
Oh, Pee Wee's Playhouse.
Oh, that's awesome.
Yeah, it was me at the back that had Pee Wee on cherry.
You're like, wow.
Isn't that a Pee Wee?
It's so exciting.
Pee Wee and cherry.
It's awesome.
I love Pee Wee's Playhouse.
I'm glad you do.
It's great.
Because otherwise that'd be a pretty shitty present.
Otherwise it's like, here's a shirt of a show you don't like.
I just thought you needed new clothes, Rob.
That's great.
I will definitely wear that next week.
Hopefully the cam's back next week.
What happened to the cam, BTW?
I'll talk more about that in a little bit.
Okay.
But let's start it off with how was your gaming week?
Loki wants to start us off tonight.
How was your gaming week?
I didn't play as much as I thought I would be playing this week, but mainly my week was
filled with Phantom Hourglass, and it's fun.
It's a normal Zelda game.
Don't really know what more you'd want.
Sorry, can I interject here for a minute?
Yeah.
I'm looking at our chat room, which I neglected to introduce.
Sorry, chat.
Chat.orangelaunchradio.com.
We love the chat room.
They always crack us up.
And you know how just a little bit ago I was saying, what, three nerds, a mic, and whatever.
DJ Jinai comments, where's the cup?
Get it?
Yeah.
All right, anyway.
Sorry.
Ew.
Delayed reaction.
Yeah.
Totally didn't get it.
You were the one that kept asking me all week long, have you seen the two girls, one cup
thing yet?
I did not ask you.
That's perverted and gross.
Anyway, sorry, Loki.
Anyways.
So yeah, I've been playing Phantom Hourglass and it's fun.
So what else they play?
I tried the Wii version of the Golden Compass because Nellie wanted me to demonstrate the
game for her since she's really into Golden Compass and that's who I got the game for
her.
So it's OK.
It's pretty easy.
But I guess it's based off of a video game, obviously.
Your starts off is...
You mean based off a movie?
Well, yeah, it's based off a movie.
Excellent reviews by the one and only Loki.
It's based off of a book, also.
And you play a giant fucking polar bear that, you know, abuses wolves, apparently.
Because it's like, I kind of feel bad for the wolves because they're attacking you and
you're just like this giant fucking polar bear with armor on it.
It's like, as if, you know, a wolf versus a polar bear was going to win in the first
place.
This bear is fucking tricked out with armor.
There's no fucking way it's going to win.
OK, but like, look at Final Fantasy XI, where like, you could fight a bunny and the bunny
rapes you for 500 points of damage.
I mean, it's...
Sometimes video games don't make sense.
Well, I haven't fought any bunnies yet, but as far as the wolves go, I kick the crap out
of them over and over and over again.
I don't know, you make the Golden Compass sound pretty awesome when you talk about polar
bears and sets of armor.
Well, apparently...
Oh, wait, you don't even know.
I haven't read the book or seen the movie yet, but apparently the characters in this
story have their souls outside of their body as an animal, and the animal like, talks in
the same voice as the girl in the game.
So it's confusing, because it sounds like the girl's having conversations with herself,
and it's like, you know, one will say, yeah, let's do that again, and the girl's like,
I don't want to do that again.
It's like, what the fuck?
Make up your mind.
Maybe she really is talking to herself, and she's crazy.
No, she has this like, panther cat thing on the back.
It looks like a house cat, but apparently it's like a panther or something like that,
and then it can transform into a sloth too, so I don't know, it's some crazy shit.
But I will not be playing any more of that game.
I did play Super Mario Galaxy, though, because I was sick this week.
What did you think of it?
Well, I'm still playing it, and it's fun.
It's very, very, very much like Mario 64, I mean, same kind of setup, just, you know,
no red coins.
Other than that, I don't know, that's pretty much it, I think, from Saints Row, and yeah.
What's so funny about Saints Row?
No, just like, you're playing Saints Row.
Oh, and Earth Defense Force 2017.
Of course.
Still playing some of that.
Of course.
We went and tried to beat the second to last level on Inferno, and that's like getting
raped by thousands of ants at the same time.
It's not very fun.
Nice.
Let's see, my gaming week, I didn't play a whole lot of new stuff, unfortunately, I've
just been very busy.
I've been watching my roommate play a hell of a lot of puzzle quests, though, on Xbox
Live Arcade, which is kind of funny, because he doesn't get into a lot of video games,
but when he does, he definitely puts, he's committed.
So he's been very committed to puzzle quests, he's already at like level 20, he's gotten
way further in the game than I have.
That's crazy.
Yeah, so he's enjoying that, and other than that, I've just been playing the regular World
of Warcraft and Final Fantasy XI, you know, because I just love my MMOs.
Ew.
I know.
I've been playing Rock Band, I went online with Rock Band this week, and I gotta say,
I'm just pissed off that you can't do band co-op mode, I mean, what the hell, why did
they leave that out?
Because you can do band competitive, well, it's not even really competitive, but you
can do like the one song stuff online, like one song at a time, but you can't do the World
Tour mode online, which seems kind of stupid, because it's not like the game's unable to
let four people play online at once.
That was kind of, like, one of the reasons I was excited about Rock Band is I kind of
thought you were going to be able to make these bands together with people from far
away.
Shane, who hasn't been on the show in a long time because he lives in Kansas, also bought
the game, and I was thinking, oh, we could have a band, and we'd play together, it'd
be fun.
But we do have a band already.
A Rock Band, not a real band, where, you know, I play Kazoo, and Irene plays the tambourine.
You know, a Rock Band band.
Anyhow.
Good times.
So I was just pissed that co-op mode was kind of missing in that regard.
Otherwise, they did have a David Bowie pack come out this week, and that was pretty awesome.
Oh, really?
Because David Bowie is very awesome.
He is.
Yes.
There's like a cover of Heroes.
It's good.
Good times.
Nice.
That's really it.
Not a lot else to note.
Not a lot of new games this week.
Oh, I did play Undertow, but I don't know, just not my kind of game.
I wasn't feeling it.
I tried to, it was hard to, I mean, it wasn't hard to figure it out or figure the game out,
but I thought the tutorial could have been a little better, because there was so many
different little features.
I forgot to mention it last week, and it hasn't really been on any of the websites yet, but
they released the Pay the Unlock content for Katamari.
We love Katamari.
Or, not we love Katamari, beautiful Katamari.
And so I bought that, and then afterwards, I'm like, why did I buy that?
That's a good question.
Why did you buy that?
It was an impulse buy.
I bought one of those $20 cards, 1600 point cards, well I didn't buy it per se, I got
crap that I didn't want, and I traded it for a free card, so I can thank a PS3 copy of
Assassin's Creed that bought me Rock Band songs and beautiful Katamari download content.
Sephiroth1215 in our chatroom says Rock Band World Tour wouldn't work online.
Why not?
I don't get it.
It should.
I mean, yeah, I see Black Lab talking about the vocals in the game, how you don't actually
hear the people singing, although you kind of do, but you can have a full band in the
play one song at a time mode co-op, I don't know what it is, just quick play or whatever
it's called, and you can have a guitar, and I actually signed on Xbox Live and got a random
band thrown together where some guy was on vocals, I was on guitar, somebody else was
on bass, and somebody else was on drums, and we could hear the vocalist singing, it was
just a little bit faint and very, very lagged because it was transmitting through his headset
or whatever while he was singing.
Oh, I fucking hate that shit.
Yeah, but the game itself doesn't support that.
It plays the normal backtrack because of the lag.
Hey, that'd be kind of cool if you didn't do the vocal parts without people hearing
you.
I like that idea.
Yeah, if you just turn your headset off, you can do it without people hearing you.
They don't hear you.
Loki has a secret desire to sing a little more often, doesn't he?
No, I don't.
I really don't.
All right.
I have a secret desire to get achievement points, and...
All right.
Rice Princess, have you been playing anything this week at all?
Just WoW, really.
WoW!
How's WoW been going for you?
It's been going excellent.
I was going to deactivate my account, but for some reason I just decided not to, and
then I leveled up like five levels this past week, so...
Wait, WoW's been going great, so you were going to deactivate your account?
No, it was being really boring, and I was like, I'm just using it as a glorified chat
room, and then I was going to deactivate it.
Then I just started leveling, and I was like, wait a minute, I like WoW again.
What's going on?
No, this is kind of fun again.
Yeah, this is weird.
Yeah, because, I don't know, WoW's been kind of boring for the past couple months, but
now it's not.
It's because our guild's too small.
It's kind of sad.
We have no tanks.
We can't run instances together.
We have no tanks.
That's kind of what I think brought me back to playing is that, I don't know, some people
were running me through instances, and I ran people through instances, and we have a guild
bank now, and I'm totally into that.
Guild banks are awesome.
I don't know.
It just became fun again.
Well, good.
Yeah.
All right.
All right, well, let's get into some housekeeping tonight, and then we'll get into the gaming
news.
Obviously, Dark Sakura is not here tonight, but she will be back next week.
Perhaps we'll hear from her later in the show, but I think she's recovering from her trip.
Our webcam, I said I'd say more about this later, Operator 11 is the service that we
use to deliver the webcam feeds of our show, and they're down this week.
They randomly went offline midweek, and then they've come back up with a placeholder page
saying they're down.
So that kind of sucks, but at the same time, you can't really complain because, A, they
were in alpha, so it was an early thing, and B, it's free.
It was very hard to complain about something that's free when it breaks, so we're trying
not to be bitchy.
But if it's not up next week, we probably will look into alternatives for what we can
do to do the cam and everything, because the only bummer about that is that after last
week's show, we finally did the great Zapper challenge.
We had Loki on the regular Wiimote, and I used the Zapper, and we played Link's crossbow
training, and the funny thing that happened is that in the practice round that we played,
I fucking wasted Loki.
My score was 10 times his score.
It was crazy.
I just obliterated him, but it was a practice round.
And then when we did it for reals, Loki beat me by a thousand points.
I was so mad.
So Loki won the great Zapper challenge, proving that the Zapper does nothing to enhance the
gameplay.
And honestly, you playing the Zapper, it was crap, wasn't it?
It wasn't that great.
I can't say the experience was any better with the Zapper, but the crossbow training
game was kind of fun, actually.
To be devil's advocate and a little bit fair here, from what I hear, Ghost Squad, it's
really good.
And the reason why is because they have a good calibration system on it, where you aim
down the Zapper at one corner of the screen, aim down the Zapper at the other corner of
the screen, and then spot on after that.
So I don't know why every game for the Wii doesn't have something like that in the first
place.
Really shouldn't have.
I mean, that should be fucking a default thing to have in there, I mean, come on.
But yeah, so if they add something like that to all the games, it'll be good.
That's one good thing that Ghost Squad has going for it, and hopefully they'll have the
same thing, I assume they'll have the same thing in House of the Dead 2 and 3.
So I mean, the whole thing is only, what, 25 bucks for the Zapper and crossbow training?
Technically $20, but GameStop is ripping everyone off by $5, they're overcharging over retail
for it.
So the Wii mode itself and Link's crossbow training is only 20 bucks?
Well yeah, the Wii Zapper and the Link's crossbow training is only $20 retail.
That's not bad, all things considered.
That really isn't a bad deal.
I mean, granted, the game is probably worth a little more money than, and the game is
short, I mean, it's something you're going to beat pretty quickly, but I think it's,
you know, it's a Wii Sports-ish kind of thing where the game doesn't have a lot of depth,
but you're going to have a lot of people that want to just kind of pick it up and play it
and have fun with it.
Because it's not like the game was that difficult to figure out.
So I thought it was kind of fun.
But that sucks that Loki won the bet.
So no date for me and Loki gets, is the wife going to let me take her out or what?
I don't know.
I'm going to have to talk about that this week.
I think that happened.
So you can have your night of peace.
Yeah.
Anyways, I was going to say for next week, because I have a whole bunch of games on,
you know, I guess a queue to play.
A bunch of import stuff.
Dragon Quest Swords for the Wii, Harvest Moon for the Wii, why the fuck am I going to play
Harvest Moon?
I fucking hate Harvest Moon, but I'm going to try it anyways on the Wii for the hell
of it.
Devil Kings 2 for the Wii, which I hear is really fucking good.
I'm going to try that out.
And then DDR Haas Party for the Wii, the Japanese version, because they have a few different
songs that I want to try out.
And I'm going to do the All Controller Controller Revolution, because it does support the classic
controller to do that, which I didn't know.
I was like, oh, okay, I'll do it that way, because I don't want to buy a dance bet.
And then, I'm trying to think of what else I had, Cruis'n, probably one of the worst
racing games out there, by, you know, screenshots at least, so I'm going to play it to see how
crappy it is.
Then another game that I know is going to be even worse, which is Off-Road Extreme Special
Edition is what it's called, and it's another piece of shit that's coming out there.
I'll play them so you don't have to.
Hey, you know what though?
Crappy games can be good.
In fact, I saw today they have the box shots for the Simple Series 3 and 4 coming out for
the Wii in Japan.
Simple Series 1, I'm also going to be playing Meet-a-Dick Kart Race, another kart racing
game.
So, lots of stuff for next week.
When do we get the WiiWare?
Is that ever going to come out?
I thought that was supposed to come out this year.
I know, I know.
Oh, and when I get paid this week, I'm going to import Wii Fit.
Interesting.
And I'm going to use Wii Fit.
You must really want to get Wii Fit.
I do want to get Wii Fit.
Wow, I hope it works for you.
I would be very curious to see how Wii Fit works for you.
We should make a diary of your progress and all that fun stuff.
I think that would be a good idea.
Alright, we'll have to get on that.
Alright, let's see.
Looking in the chat room, DJ Jenai, talking about the Wii, says, I noticed that Nintendo
released a game on Virtual Console that Compile made, so maybe it's possible for Nintendo
to release the Guardian Legend.
God, I only hope so.
Those who have been listening to Orange and Andreo for any length of time know that we
have a very soft spot in our hearts for the 8-bit classic, the Guardian Legend, so the
day that comes out on the Wii, I'm calling in sick to work.
Let's see.
Odd1 says, the damn system will tell you six ways from Sunday.
Don't kill people with your Wii mode and go out once in a while, you fat fuck, on every
game, but they don't think to help us calibrate the things to play the game better.
And I love that new warnings grant they have, that thing looks like a fucking condom on
there.
I'm sorry.
It is the ugliest.
With the Wii condom.
It is the ugliest thing.
You know what?
I'm playing fucking dangerously, okay?
I don't use the wrist strap, and even if I did, I have the original wrist strap.
No fucking condom on it, man.
I'm living dangerously.
You're playing your Wii promiscuously.
You bad boy.
It's all skin against skin with my Wii there.
Nice.
Wow.
Oh, Dillinger's been playing a game I really want to play.
Trauma Center New Blood.
I need to go out and get that game.
Yes you do.
Trauma Center.
I can take it from you and play it.
No.
Yes.
My game.
You can't take my game.
Yeah, I can.
Do you want to borrow something else on Wii?
Sure.
Like Metroid or something?
I don't know.
No.
Not fucking Metroid.
What?
You sure it says Metroid on it.
It says old school Metroid, damn it.
I don't want to play no damn 3D Metroid, that blasphemous piece of crap.
I mean, Metroid's great.
AZHP says Trauma Center New Blood is the best game ever.
Shut up.
Interesting.
I mean, it's okay that you said that, but I want to play it.
I guess that's it for housekeeping.
I don't have a lot else to add, so let's get into some, oh, actually one quick thing is
that there's like a 90% chance next week, I know I've been saying this for a while now,
but we'll finally be out in the actual studio for those keeping track.
We've been in our temporary studio, quote unquote, for like the past three months, but
I'm hoping next week, just due to some things that are going around in the personal life,
we're going to try and get out there next week.
I'm very excited about it, which is why I really want the cam to come back.
So if Op11's not back next week, we're probably going to look into either Justin.tv or Ustream.
I really haven't thought about what else is a good service, because I kind of liked how
Op11 had the episodic stuff.
But anyhow, let's get into gaming news.
Loki.
Anyways, the thing that everybody's been talking about this week is a certain GameStop editor
was rumored to have been fired for a negative review over Kane and Lynch.
Anyways, the person responsible for this, I can't remember his name, they just have
his last name up here, anyways, and I don't even know how to pronounce that, Gershwin,
I guess?
I want to see if it's like a, anyways, Jeff Gershwin, yes.
Anyways, so the rumor is, because no one's coming out to say otherwise, the rumor is
this is because of his negative review on Kane and Lynch, Eidos threatened to pull the
ad support, because they have the whole fucking site skinned like Kane and Lynch, and because
of that, since the ads pay their salaries, basically, rather than lose them as a ad supporter,
they fired him instead.
And everybody is just up in arms, because now people have finally figured out, hey,
guess what, maybe ad contributions from publishers and stuff affect scores of games.
Really?
You think?
Hmm?
You're kidding.
Wow, welcome to the real world, folks.
Anyways, so yeah, tons of stuff, in fact, I think there were some other people that
also got fired too, at least there's one other person I know that got fired and I think other
people are talking about leaving, but yeah, it's a big mess right now.
Hmm, okay, you know, can I be honest, this guy is, okay, I'll lie, I've totally known
about this guy and followed his career for a long, long time, is that a good lie?
No.
Okay, here's the truth, I had no idea who the hell this guy was until I read this article
on the internet, apparently he's been some respected game journalist for the past ten
years, but honestly, I don't read a lot of corporate sites, so I don't, there's a lot
of independent blogs I read and maybe some of them are somewhat corporate because I read
Joystiq, they're AOL, Kotaku, whatever, but I don't really read a lot of the big box sites
very often.
I used to read one up maybe like three years ago, I don't really read them a lot anymore
either, so I had no idea who the hell this guy was.
Nevertheless, I can't help but think, so I'm trying to look at this as objectively as possible
because I can't help but think, and this may not be the popular opinion, but I actually
think there's a bit of mob mentality going on here.
I think the gaming scene is jumping to a lot of conclusions with this stuff, when there's
a lot of people that really can't talk about what's going on in this situation, and I think
there's been quite a bit of jumping to conclusions and things that have probably gotten blown
out of proportions.
Oh yeah.
And the interesting thing about it, I mean honestly, these companies involved are kind
of screwed because of it, and it's kind of alarming, I think if anything, from this what
we're learning is that the video game scene can be very sensationalist sometimes, in some
regards.
This isn't the first time this stuff's happened.
Not really, no.
I mean, first off, people give him crap anyways because he had that, you know, non-ten review
on Twilight Princess.
Listen, if I were to review Twilight Princess, it wouldn't fucking get a ten, okay?
Seriously, that game is not God's gift to fucking gaming, seriously, it's just a fucking
Zelda game, just like Phantom Hourglass is a fucking Zelda game, they're good, but they're
never great, okay?
So whatever.
I digress, but whatever, that's- Anyways.
Everybody's allowed to have their own opinion, that's fine.
I'm just saying, you know, everybody was fucking, like, giving Zelda a fucking blowjob or some
shit like that, it is goddamn just a game.
Anyways.
I don't know, it kind of deserved at least a handjob, I mean it was a really good game.
Oh absolutely, yeah.
It was not that great of a game, seriously.
Wind Waker is a better game.
Whoa, that's crossing the line.
Oh wow, yeah, no, you did not just go there.
Ouch.
Alright, back on topic.
Anyways.
I mean, does anyone remember Driver 3?
How the whole story came out that people were, that Atari was paying for good reviews on
that game?
I mean, this isn't the first time, this isn't the last time this is going to happen, I'm
sure it's happened hundreds of times between those, so I'm not surprised, it's just people
are finally figuring it out, that this is going on behind the scenes.
And to be honest, people don't really know why this guy was let go.
I mean, think about it, just hypothetically, the company, and again, I don't know shit
about what's going on in this situation, I'm not going to pretend like I know what's going
on in this situation, I just know what I'm reading out there on the internet, what people
were saying, and hypothetically, in the corporate world, they could have fired this guy because
he was late to work too many times.
Yep.
Who knows?
Okay, does it confirm that he was fired?
He did not quit?
He was laid off?
Well, he was basically locked out of his office.
But again, that's all talk, but you feel like there is some validity to that, because obviously
employees of the company are stepping forward anonymously and saying these things, so he
was fired.
Okay.
He'd been at the company for like 10 years.
But anyhow, I've seen people in the corporate world work at a company for like 10, 15 years
and get fired over a really bad thing or whatever goes on, so who knows?
This guy could have been like late to work for an entire month or something.
Again, I'm being very hypothetical.
And the company could fire him, but the company can't say why they fired him.
And if he gets fired over something like that, is he going to say, oh yeah, they fired me
because I was late to work too many times?
Or is he going to let people draw their own conclusions?
He probably also can't, well, I'm not even really saying that, I think he can't actually
say why he was fired.
I think he has to sign something when he's leaving.
This is why, you know, you're not allowed to say that.
Okay, so he has to sign something or what?
It's probably actually something he signed when he was, in confidentiality agreements
he signed when he started with the company, not when he was leaving.
Oh, sign this, you can't tell anyone why you're fired if we fire you.
Well, I don't know.
I think he can say why he's fired, he probably just didn't want to yet.
I don't know.
Well, I don't think he would purposefully do that because then they could, I don't know.
It's not really slander, I guess, but...
I'm pretty sure this is going on, I mean, it's just, sure it could be all these things,
but it just smells a little fishy to me.
The gut side of me says, I mean, where there's smoke there's fire, right?
The gut side of me tells me there is some validity to this, and I think one theory I
read somewhere that makes a lot of sense is that they wanted to change wording in the
review to make it more accurate as to whatever would the change were between the Xbox 360
and PlayStation 3 were, and he didn't want to do that, and he got let go for being somewhat
of a difficult person on this and other issues in the past, and that, you know, because the
wording got changed, the internet changed that into, you know, the great game of internet
telephone, that got changed into, oh my gosh, he refused to change the article to give it
a good score, so Eidos made them fire him.
Okay, so why didn't they just not publish the review?
Why didn't they just, like, say, hey, okay, well, this is not in line with what we're
looking for, we're not going to publish it, I mean, I know he could just as easily go
to his own personal blog and post it or whatever, but that's his own personal blog, they don't
have jurisdiction on it.
Well, the thing is, though, is they use a lot of these reviews as advertising for their
game as well.
I mean, that's why you see them boxes, you know, games where I gave it a five out of
five or ten out of ten or whatever, you know, they use that shit in the fucking commercials,
they use it in, you know, their press advertisements and all that stuff, it's a big deal for them
if, you know, they're paying, you know, GameSpot, you know, like, say, a million dollars for,
like, advertising or something like that, and then all of a sudden, they get a shitty
ass review out of it and it causes people not to buy the game, what's going to incentivize
them to give them more money when they can give it to some other site that's going to
give it a more favorable review?
Yeah, but if they don't publish it from that particular journalist, can't they just get
one of their other journalists to publish a positive review?
Yeah, but then it's going to come out that this guy had wrote a review on it and then
all of a sudden, oh, wait a second, there's, you know, they didn't print it because this
one's more favorable.
It would come out one way or another.
I just think that's a little far to be going, like, oh, we're going to fire you because
you gave a bad review.
And also, because they have deadlines, you know, when these reviews need to get out there,
and they may not have time to, you know, it takes time to play through the game and be
able to review it correctly.
Granted, there are also rumors of people just writing reviews without playing the game.
That happens too.
Odd1 has a very interesting, and obviously our chat room is lit up with this, chat.orangehouseradio.com.
Odd1 says, but seriously, who here was really looking forward to Kane and Lynch?
Where the fuck was the hype for that recently?
We're kind of swamped.
I doubt even GameSpot's words could make it a million seller.
Let's see, what else do we have here?
Raven's Dolphin says, I heard he got fired of the video review.
Well, maybe, but again, this is all hearsay.
GZDr4ev says, people canceled their GameSpot accounts, yet people are leaving the site
en masse over this whole thing, but again, I partially blame mob mentality for why that's
happening because people don't really know what's going on yet, but people are making
up stories that sure seem to make a lot of sense.
Frisbee says, but if the game sucks, then the players will get the truth out there.
Absolutely.
Which I think just goes to show the lesson learned here.
If you are getting all your gaming news and reviews from one person on one corporate gaming
site, you might need to take off the blinders.
If you're looking for accurate reviews on stuff, don't rely on one website.
You can go to websites like Metacritic.
They've got a compilation of scores from all sorts of sites and stuff, and that'll give
you a good baseline of what the game is, and also you can read review and see what it is.
Wait a minute.
Did Metacritic pay you money for that low-key, for that endorsement?
I just happened to use that site because it compiles reviews.
Anyways.
Fired!
I don't get paid for shit, okay?
Seriously.
Yeah, you're right about that.
The truth be told now, because at work we sell Kane & Lynch and stuff, and Kane & Lynch
is one of those titles that was kind of a, what we call select style, it's a title we
push because we're getting paid money to push the title a little bit.
The thing is though, Eidos set our goal so high it was impossible to hit anyways so that
it wouldn't have to pay out any money to us, because we had people that make these deals
are fucking retarded or something.
But yeah, they have a lot of, I mean, Eidos is really pushing to make this game big.
I mean, doing it in little ways I probably wouldn't, you know, they're advertising, marketing
people, little creative ways like, you know, teaming up with Playboy, for example, to do
that model search.
They had interviews with the fake characters in the game in Playboy.
They did reach out to the independent media.
They flew a bunch of them out there to San Francisco to go.
We weren't invited, and we could just drive there, but that's okay.
We're not bitter.
Oh yeah, sure.
You know, because we drive there, you know, that's why they don't invite us to this stuff.
Bastards.
Anyways, you know.
But I also think there's definitely a certain type of audience I think this show caters
to.
I mean, granted, I think we have people from all walks of gaming that listen to this program,
but I think people know that we are mostly the one you want to hear for the music, the
RPGs.
There's a certain niche that Kane & Lynch doesn't fit into, I think.
Listen, I'm not saying Kane & Lynch is a bad game.
It probably could have been a good game, but this...
I've never played it.
I don't know.
I haven't played it either, but you know, just from whatever I've been reading and the
way it looks, to me, this game's kind of fallen into the same problem that, you know, Black
Sight Area 51 and some of these other games have gotten in their rush to make it out for
Christmas.
And this year, I think also next year, you're going to see a lot of these games that are
going to be spread out throughout the year instead of all in November, and that might
help some of these games, you know, because like Army of Two, for example, that one was
going to be released in November as well along with Kane & Lynch and all this other stuff,
but it wasn't done yet.
And so instead of releasing it, they're putting more time into polishing it and making sure
that it's a good game before they release it, and so now it's coming out later on.
It missed, you know, the holiday thing, but it's going to be a better game.
Same with like, you know, Grand Theft Auto IV, Metal Gear Solid IV, you know, stuff like
that.
Take the extra time and make the game good, and then that way you will get a better score
for it instead of rushing this piece of shit out and then having to be broken.
Here's the other thing that kind of makes me think there's more than meets the eye with
this whole thing.
Is a 6 out of 10 a bad review?
I mean, I realize the way the scale has been kind of skewed over the years by many people,
I guess yes, but I always thought a 5 was average, like right in the middle you're average,
so a 5 is average, so technically a score of 6 is a slightly above average game.
Right?
True.
And it wouldn't be that bad if it were in a month that was, you know, a bit slower with
games, but this is November where you have, you know, 60 billion releases coming out,
and a 6 game may not be played by as many people as, say, but here's what you need to
do though.
I'm not sure if the game's going to be good, I'm also just trying to take a jab at the
fact that most games in this day and age are rated on a scale of 5 to 10, not a scale of
1 to 10.
7 to 10.
No, but seriously though, if you're unsure the games can be good, rent it.
I mean, rent it from Gamefly, rent it from your local Blockbuster, Hollywood, whoever,
you know, rent it and see if it's any good.
Shadowslier wants to give insight on that, he says, on the GameSpot scale a 6.0 is fair.
Okay, but fair is not a bad word, it's not a good word either, it's just a fair word.
There really is no better description for that.
See, I don't even really like scale-based reviews in the first place, because then you
just put all your trust, you're like having them make the decision for you.
Like Loki said, just rent the game if you're so unsure about it.
I mean, if it catches your eye in the first place, read the review, then go rent it, but
if not, then I wouldn't even worry about it.
Like, numbers are nothing.
There are games that most of the critics out there on the internet have given fair scores
to, such as I think Eternal Sonata was a game that got mostly sevens and stuff.
I freaking love that game, that game was incredible.
This is only one person's opinion on it.
You're basing your entire, whether you're going to play this game or not, on one person's
opinion.
I mean, God, it's not like this was reviewed by a panel of scientists or something like
that, where they had thousands of people playing this game and this is the score they came
up with.
It's one dude, whether he likes the game or not, he may just hate Eidos or something,
they may have rubbed them the wrong way before, and now he's embittered and now it's a six
or something because they fucking pissed him off.
Or like, you know, if I reviewed Madden or something like that, I don't like fucking
football games, one, or something like that.
I mean, that's the kind of, you're supposed to be unbiased when you're playing this stuff,
but you know, it's, what, I'm actually kind of curious, what do you think about the fact
that, you know, after all this, the competitors down the street at 1UP did this little protest
or something on their lunch, this whole, like, kind of, you know, having the signs Free Jeff
and whatever all that stuff was.
What do you think of that?
Because I certainly have an opinion on it.
Fucking attention whores is what that is.
This is bullshit.
Interesting.
The same fucking shit's going on over at 1UP where most of the, you know, most of the internet
would say the exact, what a great sign of support these guys are doing on their lunch
break.
This isn't going to support shit.
All they're doing is just fucking, you know, oh, let's do this because, okay, if they were
doing it genuinely and, you know, it was to support them, they wouldn't have put it in
their fucking Flickr and then posted that shit everywhere.
This is, you know, it's just like those fucking tobacco companies, oh, we donated a million
dollars to this charity, praise us for doing some good.
Fuck that.
Interesting.
You know, other people, if they noticed it or something like that and posted it in their
fucking Flickr blogs, then it would be good, but the fact that they're, like, promoting
themselves, look at what we did, we're so awesome.
No, fuck that.
I'm not, wow.
Oh, we're going to get some angry e-mails this week.
Mailbag at orangehonstroyer.com.
Here's the thing is that I don't know what the motivation is, whatever, I'm not going
to pretend to know, but I do think it was a little premature because, again, I find
that a little strange that they would jump in on that mob mentality when none of us truly
know what's going on.
And they have waited until more news came out when, I mean, these guys do represent
a corporation, so that's my only, like, I don't know if that was smart type of thing.
Wait, so it was a bunch of employees from one up, like, during their lunch break.
I think that there's reviewers and critics over there.
Yeah.
Yeah, Ziff Davis or whatever.
During their lunch break?
Oh, yeah, something like that.
I mean, you can't control what somebody, that's right, they can do whatever the hell they
want.
But here's the thing, though, and I, what were they, you know, protesting that they
support independent reviews or unbiased reviews or something like that, so what they're basically
saying is that they support that so that one up has unbiased reviews.
That's the impression that you're supposed to get from that.
It's just fucking advertising for themselves is all it is.
I'm sorry, I don't see it as very genuine at all.
All I see that is is, hey, some manager came up with an idea to have them go out during
their lunch break and fucking protest in front of them.
No, I don't believe this shit, that they're such a tight-knit group or whatever, that
they would do that kind of crap.
But hold on, hold on, hold on, the few times we have been to these media events and things
like that, it's always the same fucking people, so I think in some regard they are somewhat
of a family.
Okay, okay, let's say that they're a tight-knit group, okay, if I fucking got fired, say that
we were corporate or whatever, and I got fired because, you know, I wrote a bad review on
Kane and Lynch, would fucking one up be on my lawn protesting for that shit?
No, they would be there twiddling their thumbs in their office going, ah, those fuckers that
like DDR serves them right.
I mean, seriously, that's the shit that would happen.
This is not fucking, you know, advertising or anything like that.
It's just, it, I'm sorry, I saw that, I'm like, oh, come on, seriously.
And then I read it on every single blog, I got the same thing, oh, good one up, go them.
I'm like, fuck that shit, I'm going there less now because of this.
I'm going there less now, 25% less because of that, like.
Yeah, let's see their, I bet you that fucking protest shit's in their goddamn EGM, too.
How much you want to bet that shit is, oh, they're so, so independent and awesome that,
you know, and unbiased.
Let's put it in our magazine, too.
Look how holy we are.
You know, I just realized I have Tuesday off work.
Maybe I should go down there with a sign that says, thank you for firing him.
Orange Lounge Radio.
Those fuckers who like DDR.
Just to see what happens.
No, I'm kidding.
I have better things to do on Tuesday.
No, you don't.
Go down there.
No, I'm going to see the Spice Girls.
What are you talking about?
You said you had better things to do.
I have much better things to do on Tuesday.
Whatever.
Okay, let's just, you know, okay, the fact of the matter is, okay, we don't know why
he was fired.
We assume it's because of this.
Yeah, this is going on in the industry, big whoop, you know, other things going on in
the industry, too.
Like, I don't know, certain media outlets getting to break street on certain news stories
and stuff like that or no such embargo for them because, you know, they make a lot of
money in advertising and that kind of thing.
Yeah, that kind of stuff happens as well.
There's a whole lot of shit you don't see that happens behind the scene, you know, day
to day but, you know, we all deal with it and guess what, things aren't going to change
so get over it.
And really, in a month, who's going to be fucking talking about this?
Who's going to give a shit?
Nobody.
If you want genuine reviews, ask someone that's actually played a damn game.
Your friends.
Irene, I don't know.
I do think there is going to be some type of long lasting effect this whole thing has
because I think people are going to, I think companies are going to watch what happens
to the whole rah, rah, rah, my mentality, we hate you, GameSpot type thing that goes
on and I think there's going to be a lot of, you're going to see, I think the big sites
post about their integrity, like I think you're going to see the competitors like OneUp and
IGM make things about their integrity in their reviews and their corporate policies.
Well, wait a minute, let's revert back to an old situation that concerned, you know,
mishandling or mistreatment of employees at a gaming establishment.
Like look at, what was it, the EA spouse?
How long did we talk about that?
You know, the EA spouse that was like, oh, my husband's working too long or whatever
lasted about a month.
Yeah, they've raised issues of like, you know, oh, you know, look at them, they're evil and
blah, blah, blah, blah, but people still go and work for them.
People still buy their games.
No one's really like EA did not go under as a company, like no one gives a shit anymore.
Like did they put a hit on her?
I mean, I don't know because nobody talks about it anymore.
How the fuck do I know?
No, I think I remember seeing it.
I know I'm just teasing obviously.
I think I remember seeing a story like a year ago, like she was unmasked and we found out
who she really was and all this stuff.
Also writing reviews and then the companies can start paying me because I need money.
No, but seriously, though, I mean, if I had the free time, I'd write reviews, but I don't
have the fucking free time.
I have to work and then have a wife that I want to go home and a cat that wants me to
play with it.
So, you know, I have to do these things.
I can't write reviews.
Do you want me to put a hit out on your cat?
Maybe my wife, but.
Are you like?
Wow.
Wow.
That was mean.
Dang.
Oh, snap.
Is that Freudian?
Was that intentional?
I'm using opinions expressed on this program.
Let's see.
The chat room has been lining up and I've been ignoring them.
Sorry, guys.
Odd One says, I don't know, did I already read this one?
I think, I don't think I did.
I think the developers give the gaming press more credit than they're worth, especially
in the face of the internet.
The word gets out.
We have our ears to the ground.
Yes, you can get exclusive news from the corporate sites, but the message boards, podcasts and
indie sites are where it's at.
If Eidos was stupid enough to push this, seriously, I'd love to see them burn.
I have a feeling actually, I have kind of a strange feeling, Eidos has nothing to do
with this.
I think maybe they were like, they were probably a little pissed and they probably let GameSpot
know that, but you know, they also probably kind of realized that there wasn't a lot they
could do about it.
So, I don't know.
I have a feeling if anybody's probably getting a bad rap over this, actually probably them.
I don't know.
It's just kind of one of my gut tells me about this whole mom mentality thing.
Yeah, I don't think they had much to do with it.
I don't think they can directly say, fire this person.
I mean, if it was EA maybe, you know, maybe, but I mean, we're talking Eidos here, what,
Tomb Raider, Hitman.
That's it.
I mean, seriously.
Gerardimo says, dear world, go get your own opinion and decide if the game is good or
not yourself.
Mac Man says, I like the idea from All Games Interactive, sound effect reviews.
Okay, this game is audience laughter out of Mario Jump.
That's brilliant.
Let's see.
Tiger Claw in response to the 1UP protest says, maybe it's a sign that 1UP would like
Gertzmann to work for them.
Who knows?
Odd1 says, Ziff is all about the publicity.
They're good with Flickr and all that shit.
I'm not surprised they videotape almost everything they do.
Let's see.
Yeah, I don't see Eidos pressuring them to fire this guy.
I mean, EA or something, like if they gave Madden like a really shitty score or something
like that, because they're a big company and have a lot of money to throw around, but...
Eidos, I mean, what, would they have come out recently, Tomb Raider Anniversary Edition?
I mean...
All right, well, we've spent a lot of time talking about this topic.
We want to move on to some other news, but I'm sure we'll hear a lot about this on the
Skype line later, and of course, there always is our mailbag at orangeonsradio.com.
Meanwhile, more news, and let's talk about the Virtual Console on the Wii.
We'll start off with some Wii news tonight.
This is great news.
This makes me think Nintendo finally gets it, what we really want, in a way.
Pokemon Snap is coming out on the Wii's Virtual Console in Japan, and usually this would be
no big deal, however, the pictures that you take inside the game, you can now post to
your Wii message board and send around on the address book.
So if you've taken a picture of Pikachu doing a little dance or something, and you think
it's really cute, I could send that over to the Wii that Rice Princess has and make her
look at it.
No, you won't.
I just might.
I'll just delete it.
I'll befriend you, if that's possible.
Now, I think a lot of us have been shouting for the mountaintops for years, well, at least
years, since the Wii came out.
We want to see additional functionality in the Virtual Console games, like online play
and things like this.
So the fact that they've done this for Pokemon Snap shows that it's possible, right?
Why did they have to do it with Pokemon Snap?
God damn it, why couldn't they pick a better game to do it with?
Like nobody gives a shit about taking pictures of stupid Pokemon.
Hey, I love Pokemon Snap, shut up.
Yeah, well, it's stupid, and you're stupid.
Anyways, Odd1 says, message board posts of Pokemon in near sexual positions up 500%.
Pokemon Snap has now become Pokemon Slash.
Good job, everybody.
Of course they're making a lot of money off of Pokemon Snap and other Virtual Console
titles.
Nintendo estimates that they've made $33 million on the Virtual Console alone, and that kind
of includes 7.8 million downloads across the service.
Wow.
Lots of money.
And it's free money, essentially.
I can't imagine the Virtual Console takes that much work.
All that bandwidth.
Well, it's not just that, but obviously they kind of have rewritten all the manuals in
the Wii, because the Wii thing has their own manuals and stuff, and I'm sure they still
have to do QA on all the games and what have you.
So it's not like they do it completely free, but it's certainly much cheaper than making
a new game.
So this is probably very high cost efficiency type thing, cost gains, whatever they call
that in the business world.
Remember, they sell each one of those consoles at a profit.
All right, well, speaking of the Virtual Console, some more titles coming out have been spoiled
by the one and only ESRB, so you can expect in the near future, Top Hunter for the Neo
Geo, Puyo Puyo 2 for the Genesis, King of Fighters 94 on the Neo Geo, Baseball Stars
2, Bases Loaded on the NES, that game was pretty awesome, actually, the Dynastic Hero
on the Turbografx-16, and Power Golf on the Neo Geo as well.
Wow.
All must be making their way sometime in the near future.
Also just wanted to say really quickly that it's also been spoiled that on the Japanese
Virtual Console, they'll be getting Treasure Hunter G, which is a game I vaguely remember.
Why aren't they releasing better titles?
I don't understand.
Well, Treasure Hunter G was actually a pretty awesome RPG 16-bit.
It kind of reminiscent of Final Fantasy VI a little bit.
That's pretty cool, but I mean, the other games, like fucking Power Golf, who the hell
played that?
Bases Loaded, whatever, that's an okay game, I guess.
Bases Loaded was kind of cool, but Baseball Stars was better on the NES.
I like that game.
I didn't play any baseball games on the NES, because I don't care about sports games.
You know what's weird?
Usually I'm not into sports games either, but I liked, here's the thing, I liked sports
games a lot when they were simple.
That's why I loved NBA Jam so much.
I mean, that game was relatively, I mean that game was kind of made for, you know, dummies
who can't really play basketball, but enjoy to watch it, you know?
That's why I liked NBA Jam.
Anyhow, anyways, in Japan, the Everybody's Nintendo Wii Channel has been launched, and
of course, for those who may not know, it's a brand new channel that offers all sorts
of things, including release dates, promotional videos, and DS demos that you can stream to
your DS.
So that's actually pretty cool, and it will allow you to view commercials, gameplay footage,
they'll have interviews about various Nintendo products, box art, release schedules for the
DS and the Wii, and other fun stuff.
And hopefully soon, demos for Wii games as well.
But right now they've got some different touch generation title demos, and of course the
Japanese versions of Pokemon Diamond and Pearl.
Now this seems like a very natural thing that Nintendo probably should have had a while
ago.
Do you have a word on when we might get this in the US at all?
Fuck if I know, but this is something they were promising, what, before the Wii ever
came out?
Mm-hmm.
Well, I don't know if they were ever necessarily promising it, but I think a lot of people
kind of inferred that, hey, the DS has Wi-Fi in it, hey, so does your Wii, hmm, could the
Wii interface with the DS later?
And then, you know, you saw games like the Pokemon Stadium or whatever that game was.
What ever happened to my new content every fucking day?
Wii Connect 24, come on.
Well, you get new weather reports every day, don't you?
Granted you might be looking-
No, because I have Wii Connect 24 turned off.
You're looking at your Wii at 5 o'clock at night, and you see the weather from midnight
that morning, but-
Wii Connect 24 doesn't like my mod chip.
Wow-s.
All right, let's see.
Mac Man says, everybody's Nintendo channel in America, now Nintendo, kill the chibi motherfucking
robo team and get to work on it.
That's an order from Mac Man in chat.
Yeah, stop making chibi robo games, they suck.
That's right, just knock it off.
We're not saying fire those guys, just put them to work elsewhere.
I'm saying fire those guys.
Anyhow, you might have heard earlier in the show I mentioned that I was a fan of the game
Eternal Sonata that came out a little earlier this year.
Trycrescendo was the folks that made, Crescendo made this game, and they're now working on
a new game called Fragile, and it's a new RPG that's going to be coming out for the
Nintendo Wii, which is a system that Eternal Sonata was not on.
It's on 360 and going to be coming out on PS3, but Fragile is going to be coming out
on the Nintendo Wii.
All we know so far is that the main character is a guy named Set, and you explore various
cities.
It takes place in a post-apocalyptic world.
Most of the details at this time are in Japanese, but there is an official website up at fragile.namco-ch.net.
There's also a little teaser trailer out there on the internet for the game, and I'm sure
a lot of people are kind of excited about this because, you know, obviously the first
generation of Wii games felt like ported PlayStation 2 games with motion control, so these type
of game announcements get people excited for what the Wii can really do.
Cool, and that reminds me, there's another game that's going to be coming out here,
Opuna, that came out in Japan, I believe, and it's coming out over here in like February,
I want to say, I'm going to check out the Japanese version next week, hopefully, too.
Although I don't really know how much I'm going to be able to play out of those games,
especially role-playing games, because they're all in Japanese, and I speak no Japanese,
or at least very little Japanese.
Anyways, the Nintendo DS in the UK has set some new sales records.
They have sold 191,000 units in the UK, and that's more than any other hardware format
has achieved in a seven-day period, so that's a pretty good week for them, I guess.
The previous record was held by the PSP during its launch in September of 05, where it sold
185,000 units.
Alrighty, how about we start looking at some release dates, travel the world, and look
at games that you can pick up in the UK right now if you think another game should be selling
a lot of units.
But first, before we get into release dates, one thing we promised a few weeks ago on the
show is that we would be tracking sales numbers, because we have ways of getting the MPD sales
numbers, and obviously, one game you guys want to know the sales on is Eye of Judgment,
and that's because of the bet.
If you recall, a bet was made on this program that Eye of Judgment, as Loki said, would
no way in hell sell a million copies within six months of release.
In fact, if the game manages to sell one million copies in six months within its release, Loki
has said he will dress up in a tingle outfit and dance around in the garage, setting an
Eye of Judgment on fire while playing a game versus Bobby Blackwolf, all on video for YouTube
for years to come.
However, we have to get the game to sell a million units first, and we have an update
on the numbers.
Loki, how many units are we there?
Are we there yet?
At least in the US, we're up to 17,600 units.
But I will have you know, though, that's just from launch to December 3rd.
I haven't gotten the new numbers yet.
Hopefully, in the next couple of weeks, I'll have new numbers for us.
So that's about within the first three weeks of release?
Like two or three, yeah.
All right.
So we're 1.7% of the way there.
Yay!
Making good progress.
Keep at it, guys.
Good luck to you.
I'm looking at the chat room to see what's going on.
Dark Tetsuya says, that's it?
Sorry, folks.
I wish I had better news for you, but that's it so far.
All right.
Anyhow, let's look at the release dates.
We'll start off in Europe since the last story was about Europe, and coming out on the seventh
in Europe, Alvin and the Chipmunks, the movie game tie-in on the DS, PC, and Wii.
Game movie tie-ins, Beowulf comes out on the PSP, also Brother in Arms, Road to Hill 30
comes out on the Wii, Disgaea makes its way to the PSP, Dragon Blade Wrath of Fire comes
out on the Wii, Juiced 2 on the PC, hey, hey, Link's Crossbow Training comes out on the
Nintendo Wii, Myst comes out on the DS.
I forgot that they were remaking the old Myst games on DS.
That's what this is, right?
That's pretty rad.
Is that out here in the US?
I don't think on the DS, but I know it's on the PSP.
Pokemon Battle Revolution finally comes out on the Wii, over in Europe this week, Pro
Evo Soccer 2008 on the DS, also this week on the seventh, Sing Star PlayStation 3 finally
this week on the seventh, SOCOM on the PSP, Soldier of Fortune Payback on the 360 on the
PC, Sonic Rivals 2 on the PSP, couple ports of the Golden Compass on PBS and PC, Tomb
Raider Anniversary makes its way to the Wii, and Ultimate Mortal Kombat on the DS, and
PlayStation 3 isn't left out, Uncharted, Drake's Fortune comes out.
And if you're looking for something a little more casual, something mom can get into, Who
Wants to Be a Millionaire comes out on the Wii this week.
No word yet if Meredith Vieira stars or not.
Okay.
In the US, we have Alvin and the Chipmunks.
Actually she wouldn't, because those are the Europe release dates, and they have a different
host over there, so I look stupid.
In the US, Alvin and the Chipmunks coming out on PC, DS, PlayStation 2, and I believe
the Wii.
American Girl, Julie Finds Away, with I must say the most creepy cover for a game I have
ever seen, this crazy chick.
What the hell?
I don't know.
She's just kind of creepy looking.
Wait, what the hell game is this?
American Girl, Julie Finds Away, finds a way to pull the Doom Switch is the way it looks
like here.
It looks like Julie, like, you know how blind people use that white cane?
That's kind of what it looks like to me.
She looks like she's like rowing a gondola or something.
Can you post that in chat so you can see that?
She finds a way to make some money rowing a gondola.
What is the game about?
I don't know.
I don't know.
Who gives a shit?
For those listening on the archive, seriously, look up this game in the box art, it's kind
of scary.
Anyways, the Golden Compass is coming out this week as well and that's on Playstation
2, Playstation 3, Xbox 360, Wii, and PSP, probably did DS as well.
Let's see, Dragon Ball Z Budokai Tenkaichi 3 on the Wii, it's coming out as well.
Draglade on the DS, which is supposed to be a pretty good game, I think that's sort of
a music game too, actually.
A small little game here called Dance Dance Revolution Universe 2, the bundle only is
coming out this week.
Universe at War, Earth Assault.
When does the game itself come out?
Do we know?
January.
You want to hear something even weirder?
DDR Caught as a Party, the game only version, it's not coming out until April now.
What the fuck, I mean seriously, the game is out right now in a bundle, but for some
reason cannot release the game by itself until April.
Nope.
Yeah, that makes a lot of sense.
Anyways, Yu-Gi-Oh!
World Championship 2008 on the DS, let's see here, I know this week is pretty light, Left
Behind Eternal Forces expansion pack is coming out this week.
Godzilla Unleashed on the Wii, which I'm sure is wonderful.
Strawberry Shortcake, the Four Seasons cake on the DS.
Jenga on the Wii, absolutely the best idea for a game ever.
Jenga?
It's $30, folks, that's actually more than the actual game cost.
What I want to know is are you still supposed to chant Jenga, Jenga, while someone's removing
the block?
Because you know you're supposed to do that in the regular game?
Is that what it says in the rules?
I don't know.
It's something my friend told me when I was a kid, so it probably was made up, just to
make me look stupid.
Everyone's like, what the hell are you talking about, Rob, we don't do that.
I believe that would be made up, Rob.
Anyways, that's it.
Then let's go over to Japan, where they get some games before we do, and one of the biggies
is Lost Odyssey, making its way to the Xbox 360 on December 6th.
Also on the Xbox 360 this week in Japan, Conan, as well as Virtua Fighter 5, which I know
is one that people are looking forward to.
A game that people are probably not looking forward to so much, Viva Pinata Party Animals,
or as they call it, Atsumare, Viva Pinata, Let's Party, coming out on the Xbox 360.
On the PlayStation 3, Conan as well.
Also Pirates of the Caribbean, At World's End comes out on December 6th.
Also Uncharted, Drake's Fortune, and a brand new USB headset, if you're into that.
Also coming out on the Nintendo Wii, we have No More Heroes coming out on the 6th, as well
as Rayman Raving Rabbids 2, or Rabbids Party Returns, is what the localized version is.
Okay, did they really need to make a sequel to that shitty-ass game?
Oh my god, that game was awful.
Actually, I hear the second one is pretty good.
It's pretty fun.
It's probably not bad.
Because they've taken over Earth.
Namco's putting out a game called, or I'm sorry, Bandai, well, it's the same thing.
Mina de Asubo de Namco Carnival comes out on the Wii, which I'm sure is just probably
a collection of past games, or it might be, I don't know, this might be some type of like
Mario Party game, but starring the Namco characters.
I think that's actually the, what was it, the Namco collection that came out over here.
Oh, okay, with the upgraded games and stuff?
Yeah.
That makes sense.
Also coming out on the Wii from Sega, Doraemon Wii, Himitsu Dougo Ketai Sen is coming out.
Also, wait for it, Disney Princess Enchanted Journey this week on the Wii.
Yay!
Yay!
Also another Tamagotchi game, Tamagotchi no Furi Furi Kaje Kaiden comes out as well.
I hope I want to play No More Heroes, that looks fun.
On the PlayStation 2, lots of stuff as well, another version of Pirates of the Caribbean
at World's End.
Another Mahjong game, hurray, Grand Theft Auto Vice City Stories finally comes out on
the PlayStation 2, and another version of Disney Princess Enchanted Journey, as well
as a game called Finalist.
I think that's just a price reduction, though, it was already a game out there from Princess
Soft, one of our favorite Japanese companies.
Princess Soft?
They put out a lot of games.
Also on the Nintendo DS this week in Japan, Arkanoid DS, that's the one that comes with
a little paddle that goes in the Game Boy band slot, that's kind of neat.
Also coming out, we have Doko Demo Raku Raku DS Kaibou comes out, I don't know if that's
a price reduction or what that is, but this is the thing though, you always kind of worry
because they advertise on the box how cheap it is.
So that's always...
Very cheapo game!
So K1 World GP comes out on the DS, and you want me to try to pronounce this one?
This one's going to be kind of fun, here it is.
Maru Kaitei Dondon Obaru Kyui no Sugawa Shiki Kanji Kyoku Jutsu Kaiso Gaku Shu-hen.
It's a language learning program, which apparently I need.
Yeah, you really do.
I can special order this game from Japan, said it probably won't help me because it's
probably for Japanese people to learn other languages, so I'll be screwed.
Also on the DS, Tales of Innocence comes out, that's a Namco game, and wow, pretty big week
in Japan I must say.
But I guess they don't have the big shopping day like we do here, so they get games right
up until Christmas.
Coming out on PSP, another version of Grand Theft Auto Vice City Stories, also Silent
Hill Zero comes out, which was Silent Hill Origins here.
Minano Golf Portable 2, that's just hotshots golf, comes out over there as well, and that's
it.
Awesome.
Anyways, so this is actually pretty recent news, Activision and VinVidi have merged into
one super company, Activision you'll know of course behind the such wonderful series
as Call of Duty, Tony Hawk, and the lesser known Cabela's, and VinVidi of course behind
such wonderful games as Spyro, Scarface, oh and a small little game called World of Warcraft,
or they own Blizzard, which is behind World of Warcraft.
Of course, this whole merger, you know, it's gonna be pretty good I'd say for both companies,
but you know, millions of dollars here, actually billions of dollars.
Bad for the gamers.
No, I'm just kidding.
I have no idea.
18 billion dollar deal.
Woo!
That's a lot of money.
That's a lot of money.
So, I don't know.
But the new company is called Activision Blizzard, yes?
Yes.
That's a little lame.
I don't like the name.
So is it gonna be like, Activision Blizzcon, is it gonna be like...
I think you will see little things like that probably happen.
Why can't they just call it Act of Avendi or whatever?
Or just decide which company gets to keep its name.
Or VivendiVision or something.
I just hope this means we get the level 70 Tauren Chieftain Warrior Songs and Guitar
Hero.
You already made that joke earlier, Rob.
When we weren't on air.
Why don't they just call the company World of Warcraft?
There you go.
They should, yeah.
There you go.
World of Warcraft, World of Warcraft for World of Warcraft players.
That's a great idea.
That means now Activision is gonna have my bank account number.
I don't know how I feel about that.
All of a sudden you'll get, you know, soldiers coming in from Call of Duty 4.
You know, Blizzard swears up and down this is not gonna have any effect on...
I doubt it.
I don't think it will either.
Why would it?
I mean...
I don't know.
But wouldn't that be interesting though?
Does this happen when like, you know, Activision got Red Octane who had done Guitar Hero, right?
Then Guitar Hero 3 went to Neversoft.
Does this mean now that Activision...
I mean, this is something I could seriously see happening.
Does this mean now that Activision is another resource for companies such as Blizzard, does
this mean that Activision could send off something that everybody's been waiting for?
Like Starcraft Ghost somewhere else to be developed and finished?
It's possible.
That's the ramification I think could happen out of this.
Or we could have such wonderful games as Project Gotham Racing World of Warcraft Edition where
you're racing cars through World of Warcraft.
Yes, because there's so many cars in World of War...
Hey!
Hey!
Listen.
Fictional tracks, okay?
Come on.
Obviously there's not real cars there, but they could have flying mounts.
It would have to be...
You could race your mounts.
Project...
Project Gotham Kodo Racing would work.
Oh my god.
That's terrible.
That would be my guess on what's going to happen is that some of the Blizzard franchises
that Blizzard has not had time to pay attention to...
Guitar Hero is the new...
Activision will make Diablo III.
Somebody's going to do it.
Guitar Hero is the new class in the next Warcraft.
Oh, that would be awesome!
Expansion.
Being able to play instruments.
Yeah.
We could come up with tons of dumb ideas.
Frisbee says, there's no tracks in World of Warcraft, in reference to that commercial
from a little while ago.
I want a game, though, that would be cool to have a role-playing game online that has
a bunch of weird shit in it that makes no sense whatsoever, because I've never played
a game like that.
Exactly!
But I'm talking absolutely crazy shit, where you can summon a giant jeep to come through
and crush people, just for no apparent reason.
Just crazy shit.
Oh my god.
And so are you proposing that you need to meet with the heads of Activision Blizzard
to propose Loki's World of Randomness?
Hey, I like the ring of that.
I think I might buy that.
Chat room, would you buy a game called Loki's World of Randomness?
I'm going to attack you with my cat.
Laser cats.
Laser cats.
We'll license laser cats.
There you have it.
Ten million right there.
Jellybean attacks.
Oh no, zap it with a laser cat.
I summon the truck to run it over, never mind.
Less QQ, more Mew Mew.
That was awful.
We should move on.
The doctor says I would pay $300.
Dark Tetsuya says do want.
Dark Tetsuya gave you a LOL Irene for your less QQ, more Mew Mew.
Yay.
I like that.
That was good.
Good times.
Alrighty.
Sony.
What the hell is that?
Talking dolphins?
It's unfortunately a reference to a book that sucks.
Anyhow, Sony has decided to drop their ad agency of the past 13 years.
Why did they decide to drop it now?
Well, I'm guessing probably after what happened in hindsight of the whole PlayStation 3 debacle
where the ads were not so hot.
Well, that was like last year.
I mean, come on.
There's like, you know, we really should drop them.
I mean, come on.
It hasn't really done that well for us.
Let's give it some more time.
Come on.
Well, maybe the people will turn around a year later.
Maybe we should really drop them now because these ads have kind of sucked.
Okay.
So in reference, the ad agency was TBWA Chiade was the full name of the ad agency.
And if you're wondering, does this affect both the U.S. and Europe, yes, it does.
They were also the ones that created the whole black and white campaign.
Remember that thing for the PSP that some people called racist and the other like circus
to Soleil one they have going on.
This has been kind of a long time coming.
Oh my God.
Some might say.
Anyways, just in case you're worried that Grand Theft Auto might not be coming out pretty
soon.
Well, we still don't know when it's coming out.
But they are starting to run some more videos and stuff for it, including a box art reveal
trailer, which they elaborately painted a, you know, giant copy of the box art for Grand
Theft Auto IV on a giant canvas painting.
And it looks pretty awesome, but you know, your typical Grand Theft Auto.
It's like every other Grand Theft Auto game I've ever seen.
Yeah, your typical Grand Theft Auto one.
Of course, people are dissecting to say, Oh my God, there's motorcycles and helicopters
in the game.
Oh, really?
Like every other game.
Anyways, so I hope the giant air tram can be used as like a weapon or something.
Yeah, I hope you can cut the cables to that thing.
Oh, I wish anyways.
But there's going to be a brand new trailer on December 6th, which is entitled Move Up
Ladies.
Next Thursday at 3 p.m. Eastern Time is when you can expect that trailer, when the internet
explodes with it all over the place.
Yeah, but you can expect to see it 24 hours later after the traffic dies down because
you know their servers are going to get killed when the trailer comes out.
Because like, didn't they say when the first one came out that it broke the internet?
Yeah, something like that.
But hey, that's good that they're showing trailers because that means that there's more
work being done on it.
At least that's what I'd like to assume.
Some new details have come out for another game that's getting an anticipated sequel
next year.
Silent Hill 5 comes out next year and some new details have come out about the game.
The flashlight and radio static is going to be returning to the game.
Those kind of features didn't really exist in Silent Hill 4.
But then again, that's not very surprising because Silent Hill 4 was not even originally
going to be a Silent Hill game, so what have you.
Light apparently is going to actually kind of have a pretty major function in this game.
The enemies will respond based on whatever the light is doing.
There's also going to be some puzzles that involve an x-ray viewer and nurses that you
know are doing scary things.
It sounds like the game of course is being greatly inspired by the Silent Hill movie
but I don't think that's such a bad thing to be honest.
I loved the movie.
Here's the other biggest change.
Silent Hill 5 will not have preset camera angles.
Really?
You will control the entire visuals.
That's actually, I'm not sure how I feel about that.
That could be a double edged sword there.
And then the other thing that's kind of weird about it too is the damage system that they
have in it now is going to be like Metal Gear Solid 3 where there's just not health power
ups anymore to heal you.
You have to like, I don't know.
Kill a snake and eat it.
Break a grenade open and like, you know.
Silent Hill 5, break a grenade open and.
Like Rambo style or something, I don't know.
That's going to be interesting.
Also there's supposed to be a mini game that has puzzles from like God of War which were
like DDR-ish in a way, button tapping things.
Oh god, like every other fucking game on earth now with the stupid context sensitive shit.
Yes, but Konami made DDR so it's okay.
Wait, it's not like DDR, it's just Shenmue did it first.
Whatever.
Anyways, Metal Gear Solid 4, according to the producer, must sell a million copies day
one in order for them to make their money.
So with that being released exclusively on the Playstation 3 right now, that's going
to be pretty hard for them to do.
I mean the Eye of Judgment could only sell 17,000 in the first three weeks.
Let me put it this way, no Playstation 3 to date has sold a million copies day one.
I don't know if any of them have sold a million copies at all.
So I mean, granted, if there was going to be a game that's going to do that, I'd say
Metal Gear Solid 4 would probably be it.
Are we sure this guy wasn't just exaggerating a little bit?
No, just because of the price it cost to develop this stuff.
It's got to sell that many units in order to make up its production costs.
But anyway, that might be worldwide.
I don't know, if it's worldwide I could see that it could probably do that.
It will sell a million units probably.
But then again, also people wanting to draw that conclusion, well if they can't sell a
million units on the Playstation 3, maybe if they developed it for the Xbox 360 as well
they could sell a million units and whatever.
Maybe it will come out on the Xbox 360 someday.
Alright, well PC gamers are going to be very happy to hear, especially those that are into
first person shooters blended with RPGs, that Deus Ex is getting another sequel.
Deus Ex 3 is coming out from Eidos.
This was announced when they were talking about their newest studio in Montreal, which
opened up a little earlier this year.
The studio hopes to expand about 350 people in the year 2009, and they just recently have
started development on the game.
It just passed proof of concept stage, Deus Ex 3.
We will see what develops on this game.
I'm sure lots of people are foaming at the mouth because I know this is a very popular
game on the PC.
Here's a strange rumor that's coming from a very unusual source.
The unofficial Artie Lang site, you might know him from the Howard Stern show.
Apparently Lang will be voicing the role of a character named Big Al in an upcoming Leisure
Suit Larry game, which I think is pretty cool that they are making another Leisure Suit
Larry game.
That's a very interesting way that they found out that a new game is coming.
No word on when it's coming or what it's going to be, but interesting.
Yeah, I don't think a new Leisure Suit Larry game is going to really be that impressive,
to be honest.
Nah, the last one wasn't.
Alright.
Well, IGN has recently published their list of the OMG Top 100 Games of All Time list,
which it seems like...
Don't we get a list like this every couple of years?
Every year.
Here's the reason why I actually wanted to bring it up, is that I got to say, I think
the list isn't that bad, all things considered.
I know I've given corporate websites a hard time in the past, but all things considered,
I actually think this list is not too far different from what my list might look like
of the top games of all time.
I'll just run down.
Obviously, I don't have time to read all 100, but let's recap maybe the top 20 real quick.
I'll breeze through the bottom 10, and I'll go over the top 10.
Metal Gear Solid was number 20.
Doom was number 19.
Chrono Trigger was number 18.
Boo!
It should be number 1.
17 was Super Mario World, 16 was Shadow of the Colossus, 15 was Castlevania Symphony
of the Night, 14 was Pirates by Sid Meier, 13 was Ms. Pac-Man, 12 was Star Wars TIE Fighter.
I like that this list included PC games, too.
11 was StarCraft.
Alright, then here's the top 10.
Resident Evil 4 was number 10 on the GameCube, and obviously that game got a lot of game
of the year accolades when it came out, and it is a pretty great game.
Final Fantasy III or VI by the Japanese scale was the number 9 game of all time, which I
believe is the highest ranking Final Fantasy game on the list, so Final Fantasy VII was
not in the top 10, which I'm sure makes fanboys mad, but I think that's okay.
Number 8 was The Legend of Zelda, A Link to the Past.
Number 7 was Super Metroid, which would probably be my number 1, honestly.
Number 6 was Half-Life 2.
Number 5 was Super Mario 64, which a lot of people would probably put as their number
1, so it's kind of interesting that there's still some more games to go here.
Number 4 is The Legend of Zelda, Ocarina of Time.
So that's two Zeldas in the top 10?
Well, you know, the Zelda games are great games.
We're just confirming.
Yeah, no, it's two Zelda games in the top 10 so far.
Number 3 is Civilization II.
God bless them for remembering the Civilization series, because it is a great series.
It does deserve to be that high on the list.
Although I would have put the original Civilization, but that's just me.
Number 2 is Tetris.
Tetris.
Hmm, what's number 1?
What do you think number 1?
The number 1 greatest game of all time?
Pac-Man?
Super Mario Bros. on the NES, the very first original Super Mario Bros. game.
That does make a lot of sense, because who doesn't remember Super Mario Bros.?
If you played the theme for somebody, who doesn't know that theme and what that is?
Yeah, Mario is part of pop culture.
People know who Mario is, so it makes a lot of sense.
And it was a pretty good game at the time.
Well, yeah.
So there you go.
Still is.
Alright, well, there's a different website.
I also happen to be affiliated with IGN, doing another Top 10 list.
This of course is AskMen's Top 10 Hottest Women in Tech.
We'll run down this list here real quick, too.
Number 10, Wendy Chang, who apparently is a...
Let's see here.
Don't know her.
Don't know her.
She apparently does vidcasts on a network, clicknetwork.tv.
But she has big boobies.
So that's fine.
And she's Asian.
So, two points there.
Rise Princess has big boobies, and she's Asian.
Oh, stop it.
Anyways.
I don't do my own video games, though.
Let's see, Blair Butler, who is a stand-up comedian, and she's on X-Play, or she's a
writer on X-Play.
And she also has a reoccurring bit and tell geek out that appears on G4's website.
All these people G4 people, no.
Kristen Holt, she was a Dallas Cowboy...
No, she was on American Idol.
Yes, she was on American Idol.
I've heard of her.
She was also a Dallas Cowboy's cheerleader, and now she's the host of G4's Cheat.
Wow.
And she also hosts a new game called Shout About Television.
And she's working also as a tech reporter on Attack of the Shout.
Some might call this podcast Shout About Video Games, especially when Loki reviews things.
Hey, enough back talk.
That was a good one, Rahab.
Anyways, Amanda Cogdon, I don't know her either.
She apparently has a gig on Rocketboom, a daily video blog.
Wow.
Whatever.
Anyways, Veronica Belmont, not related, no relation to Simon Belmont.
Boring, then I don't give a shit about her.
Never heard of her.
She has, I guess, she's acted as a producer and sound engineer for CNET's Buzz Out Loud
podcast.
Let's move it a little faster, Loki.
Sorry.
Any guesses?
Number one, Morgan Webb?
No, this is not number one.
Actually, here, I'll just skip to number one.
We'll do the top three here real quick.
Thank you.
Anyways, number three, Jessica Chobot.
She's the one that licked the PSP, right?
She's the one that licked the PSP, and she's also...
Okay, have her to her.
Who is she?
She's also...
She was Friday Inn.
She was a model, and she does a lot of stuff on IGN, including their on the street stuff,
and she does the IGN Weekly and all that kind of crap.
Number two is Morgan Webb.
And only IGN could hire a woman to walk the streets and get paid for it.
That's what women do naturally.
They're so good at it.
Morgan Webb, of course, she's on X-Play, and we all know who she is.
She's the number one, then.
Number one is Amber McArthur, and apparently she's on...
I've never heard of her.
She's on G4's Tech2Be Canada's Call for Help show.
Okay, I have to see what she looks like.
She's...
No.
I want to see if she's pretty.
That's stand out.
I mean, she's cute, but...
She's very plain.
You know who she looks like?
What the hell was her name from Melrose Place?
Was it Melrose?
Heather Locklear?
No.
Oh.
So maybe it was...
Was it Melrose Place?
Come on, Courtney?
I know who you're talking about.
Courtney, yeah.
She was...
I don't know.
I don't know about her.
I don't know who she looks like.
Yes, her.
I don't fucking remember, but she looks exactly like her.
She's...
The very plain looking one on Ally McBeal, too.
Yes, and also Ally McBeal, the character, but wow, whoop-dee-doo.
But hey, I mean, seriously, why are they doing a top ten list?
Stop doing top ten lists, people.
People that nobody knows or cares about.
The chat room is naming some other people.
Miranda Cosgrove says Sakura Max, don't know who that is.
Olivia Munn says DJ Dark Knight.
Don't know who that is.
She's on Attack of the Show, right?
Diane Miyazoda.
Oh.
Yeah.
That's what Son of Dad says.
Diane Miyazoda.
She doesn't do Cheetah anymore, though, or not Cheetah, Filter.
She does...
She actually does some, like, I want to see, like a...
Rama says that's her name.
Courtney Thorne-Smith.
Courtney Thorne-Smith.
That's what it is.
It's like a... was it a makeover show or something like that, like for kids or something?
It's like a...
It's not...
Makeover for kids.
It's not for kids.
It's like...
Damn, my kid is ugly, Diane.
Not like that, like a room makeover.
It's like, you know, trading spaces, but for kids.
Oh, I know what you're talking about.
I've seen that before.
So...
No, it's not a makeover.
You're too fat, Timmy.
You're gonna get liposuction.
Well, haven't you ever seen that store at the mall?
What's it called, the Libby Loo or whatever?
Like it...
That's what...
It's like a makeover for little seven-year-old girls store.
And then, like, it's like a place where girls are supposed to have, like, their birthday
parties and stuff, and they'll get...
They'll all get makeovers together, and then, like, I swear to God, one day we were walking
by there.
I think it was Shane and I were at the mall, walking by there, and the little seven-year-old
girls were putting on a little dance routine that they'd learn, and oh my God, they look
like little sluts.
I mean, this is a horrible thing to say about seven-year-olds, but who would let their seven-year-old
learn these type of dances?
I mean, they looked like they were training to become strippers.
It was horrible.
And I think...
I don't remember who it was that said it, but somebody that I was with said something
about like, wow, they look like a bunch of little sluts, and one of the kids' parents
was right there.
And they're like...
They turn around, and they're like, yes, that's what we wanted.
Mission accomplished.
Anyhow.
Let's go ahead and move on with some other news, such as Super Smash Brothers.
We were talking about the Wii earlier in the show.
Super Smash Brothers Brawl, just the news does not stop about Super Smash Brothers Brawl.
And what's pretty awesome is that some of the old stages from Melee are going to return
in Super Smash Brothers Brawl.
So like the Zelda II temple is coming back.
But what they did is they actually, I think they like combined two stages to make this
stage.
Is that better?
No, that looks like the stage.
To me, that was a full stage.
Let me actually look at the original post here on the dojo about what it is.
Oh no, I guess it is the same stage.
Yeah, it looks exactly the same.
And they also posted the music from the stage there on the website.
That's a little bit of a remix.
Very cool.
That's on the SmashBrothers.com website.
Check that out.
Alright, well gosh, part A is running long tonight.
We're almost at an hour and a half.
But we want to go ahead and close out part A here, the way we always do, by paying tribute
to the classic games of yesteryear.
And Dark Soccer is not here tonight to do the classic game of the week, but we've been
filling in.
Last week I picked a game, Equinox, if you forgot.
And this week, Loki's going to pick a game for us as his classic game of the week.
Yes, classic game, I was torn on what I should pick.
Almost picked Gals Pamming.
But no, we'll save that for another episode when she's gone as well.
This week I decided to pick a wonderful game that I loved on the Super Nintendo and was
also on the Genesis as well.
It's a game called Zombies Ate My Neighbors.
And it's absolutely awesome.
It's very cheesy.
It's kind of like a spoof on a bunch of horror films from the 1950s and 60s.
It was made by LucasArts, actually published by Konami.
And definitely a game you should check out.
I wish it would come out on virtual consoles so we can play it again.
But tons and tons and tons of different levels you can play.
They have like squirt guns, grenades, all sorts of things you can fight.
Things from giant babies to UFOs, zombies.
You name it.
It's an awesome game.
Really fun.
I've actually never played this game.
No, I really have.
This is one of those games I just kind of missed.
You need to go do this.
Well then that's why they need to put it out on virtual console.
Yeah, you basically run through the stages trying to rescue people and stuff and collect
weapons and then sometimes they'll have you fight different things.
And each one of the stages is titled after a movie.
It's kind of like spoofed.
So they'll have a bunch that are like Night of the Living Dead and stuff like that.
That's cool.
He's freezing the zombies in this one.
Yeah, it might sound like it's kind of a generic game but it's really stylized and it's like
really fun.
You really just have to play it.
It's really interesting.
I always hear folks talking about this game but I've never really seen it in action so
there's a little cheerleader.
So by running over them they're saving them or something?
Yeah.
Oh, I think I remember seeing something like this.
He bounces on a trampoline to get over the hedge, right?
Yep.
Or he can...
Can he...
Oh yeah, he's saving that guy.
Interesting.
Oh, somebody else is bouncing on a trampoline.
Oh, that's kind of neat.
Alright, pretty cool.
Zombies Ate My Neighbors, your classic video game of the week.
Thank you very much, Loki.
Good job.
You're welcome.
Well, Loki, you sound like you've got a makeover.
Alright, anyhow, let's use this opportunity to take a little break and when we come back,
plenty more gaming news.
We have Xbox news we haven't even touched.
Xbox has a new dashboard update coming out soon.
We've got all the details when we come back from this little break.
Stay tuned.
Now you touched it.
Well, we'll get our hands real dirty with it when we come back, especially you and naughty
Rice Princess.
Yeah, because it's a piece of crap.
Alright.
The update for the Xbox continues all segment long.
Alright, let's take a break.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcasted to the world twice
a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
