Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com
for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio. We are live on this Sunday evening,
and I just want to remind you guys, you know, there are some more perks that you get when listening live.
You know, we try to deliver a quality show to those of you guys who listen on the podcast,
vlogcast, Zooncast, whatever the hell you call it, whatever you're listening to right now.
But there's more perks when you listen live. We do tape on Sunday nights live at 6 o'clock Pacific time.
All the details are on our website, www.orangeloungeradio.com.
We have a live 365 stream and a video stream through Operator 11,
and we were just showing off a new game on the Wii called No More Heroes during the bonus segment.
So those are the kind of perks you get only when you listen live.
But we still try to show a lot of love to those of you guys who listen to us on the podcast,
because we realize not everybody can be here Sunday night.
But you can try. You should try, at least once. See what it's like.
All right, let's get back into the gaming news then, since we're already in the second half of the show.
All right. Anyways, let's see here.
Super Smash Bros. coming out over here, you know, obviously it was delayed a little bit.
Previously it was supposed to be out this year, now it's February.
Not so for Europe, at least. You're going to have to wait a little bit longer.
And they haven't really said exactly when, but it's going to be Quarter 2 of next year.
So, you know, I don't know. That's not good, I guess.
But at least you're not waiting until Christmas of next year.
But aren't the Brits kind of used to getting screwed like this in a way, you know?
Maybe. But here's the thing, though. I don't really see what they... I mean, other than changing the screen resolution stuff that it renders at,
you're not really localizing it for Europe, so...
That's what I want to know. Like, are they having to, you know, produce extra copies and that takes so freaking long?
Or what is it? What causes things to be so slow? I don't get it.
I guess it's just, you know, changing some of the programming.
Because, I mean, if you think about it, a lot of the games that they get in Europe we don't get over here for a while, so...
Yeah, that kind of sucks.
MacMan says Europe, the shaft of the gaming world.
You know, I know we have quite a few people over there to listen. I'm sure aren't happy about this.
They've already gotten some games we haven't had over here yet.
Like, they have Endless Ocean already, which, you know, I'm sure given the opportunity they would say,
Fuck Endless Ocean, let's get Super Smash Brothers.
But, you know, they do get a few games before we do, so... I don't know.
RossDlut in chat says, Loki, menus and stuff need to be made in other languages. Any announcer?
Well, true. But, I mean, still, though, you know, for, like, some of the territories, they can release it in English-speaking territories or stuff like that.
And, also, a lot of the games, like, you know, Excite Truck and that kind of thing, when they were putting them out, they develop them for, like, usually it's English, Spanish, and French, I think.
Especially, all the Nintendo titles seem to be English, Spanish, and French even when they come out over here.
Yeah.
Because, you know, Canada and Mexico, you need French for Canada and Spanish for Mexico, so, you know, it's kind of like a region.
I wouldn't think that that would, I mean, hold them back, really, too much.
Alright, well, sorry Europe, it looks like you're going to get screwed there, but, you know, we'll tell you how fun it is.
No, I'm just kidding, that's so mean.
Alright, one, I guess, interesting kind of piece of news is that Nintendo is kind of, in a way, fessed up that they're not able to meet the needs of the Wii demand that's out there.
You know how the Wii seems to be, once again, for the second year in a row, the hot holiday toy that everybody's dying to get.
Nintendo has decided to pull ads for its Wii console, and this actually, this story is out of the UK, actually, although I do believe it affects everybody,
that Nintendo's actually going to be redistributing the commercials that they had scheduled up until Christmas through the first quarter of 2008.
A Nintendo spokesman said, quote, we have been running the campaign all year round, but we want to take a responsible stance this Christmas and not fuel demand.
An ad industry insider said, quote, you can tell what's been happening.
They have a lot of spots on TV, but I'm seeing more ads for the DS than I am for the Wii, so you can draw your own conclusions.
So maybe that some of these ads got shifted to Nintendo DS ads, who knows.
Production has been stepped up to 1.8 million units a month, and Nintendo still cannot meet the demand.
According to RasteelUT in chat, it says eBay vultures are the only people buying the systems.
Sad but true, there probably are quite a few of those folks buying it.
RasteelUT also says software sales are still pathetic.
You know why? I have a theory. Why?
Because most people that are buying that system are perfectly content with Wii Sports.
A lot of people are buying this just for Wii Sports.
Especially when you start to look at the older crowd and the more casual gamers.
That's the enabling game for the Nintendo Wii, and when it comes with the system, people don't think they need anything else.
I mean, back in the day when we were buying 8-bit Nintendo systems with Super Mario Brothers and Duck Hunt, did we buy another game to go with it?
Not necessarily, not always. Many kids found just that pack under their tree for Christmas.
You know what I mean?
Granted, I would also humor probably the implied statement there that there's not a lot of must-have software on the Wii right now outside of the Wii like Mario Galaxy.
Well, there's a lot of good games out there, but there's a lot more really crappy games, and it's really hard to tell.
But at the same time, those really crappy games kind of cater to the 7 and 8 year olds, you know what I mean?
Like all the movie tie-in games, like Happy Feet and stuff.
That ties into the child audience, that there are a lot of kids out there getting Wiis.
Yeah.
Anyhow, that's good, though, that Nintendo at least is not going to be making it even worse by continuing to advertise it on TV and reminding people who may not have thought to run out and get one otherwise.
So if you still haven't gotten a Wii for whatever reason, maybe it'll be a little bit easier?
Little bit?
But probably not. You probably want to get online in the stock inventory.
Well, some of us waited in line.
That's true. I bet all the Nintendo fanboys and fangirls waited in line day one anyway, and they're just looking at this and laughing.
Some of us just didn't care to buy a Wii.
That's true, and some people are like, eh, fuck Wii.
Oh, I should tell you, my mom told me she wanted a Wii.
You know, you're not the first person to tell me that story, which is, I'm just kind of saying like, you know, I'm hearing a lot of people, their parents are wanting Wiis and getting into that, but it's the sports game.
I know a parent that wants it for Wii bowling because she likes to bowl.
I thought it was funny because my mom almost played my old Nintendo more than I did.
And, you know, actually she probably played it as much as I did.
She wouldn't admit to it, but my mom was a gamer once, and she had her Game Boy and played lots of Breakout.
But, you know, now hearing my mom say, I want a Wii, can you get me a Wii?
I was like, I don't have $300, but we'll see.
Pika Uno has a very interesting perspective.
He's one of our listeners that lives over in Japan, and he says, I just bought one for my friend in the UK.
There are plenty of Wiis in Japan.
So, kind of interesting.
I wonder what effect that's going to have, though, if you bought one for your friend in the UK, because aren't the TVs different?
Yeah, Japan's NTSC.
I'm sure there's some converter.
Well, I mean, if you have an HDTV, it's moot anyway.
But for our friends in the UK, speaking of which, there is a couple of things that are out on the Virtual Console now.
We have Light Crusader, which is one of Treasure's games.
I love Treasure.
Treasure gave us Silhouette Mirage.
But this was one of their Mega Drive releases, which over here was the Genesis.
And it's also coming out with, I do believe, Rolling Thunder 2.
And also coming out is Cybernator, which was called Assault Suits Vulcan in Japan.
Pika Uno wanted to clarify something, speaking of the whole UK and how he's sending one to his friend.
He said modern PAL TVs are NTSC-compatible, which I guess that explains that. That's kind of cool.
But he says 99% of NTSC TVs are not PAL-compatible, which he discovered when he went over to Japan from London, where he was originally at.
Isn't High Def supposed to be all the same no matter where you are?
It is.
Then we need to get on that quick.
Because these whole differing TV formats make things very frustrating.
Well, just for example, when I was really big into my Gorillaz fandom, I was importing some of the DVD CDs.
And I would just run it through my laptop to the TV and no problem.
Yeah, so there you go.
Anyways, let's see here. So for the US, you've got some good stuff coming out on the Virtual Console.
Including, we talked about it last week, Pokemon Snap. That's going to be coming out.
Baseball Stars 2 for the Neo Geo.
And also Ghosts and Goblins. That was on the NES.
Hooray for Pokemon Snap! I can't wait to download this and play this and send all of you pictures of Pokemon I take.
Which means you, and you, and are you on my Wiilet? You don't have a Wii. Well then screw you.
I'm going to definitely actually give that a download, but I won't say I'll be downloading Ghosts and Goblins.
Because we actually broke out our Saturn for our annual tradition and Dan was playing Capcom Collection Volume 2.
Nice.
The game is too damn hard.
It is too damn hard.
I will not be downloading it.
Because guess what? You play all the way through it and guess what? You have to play all the way through it again to beat the game.
And then what do you get? Congratulations, the story is happy end.
You beat, you kicked Satan's butt.
Well anyway, I will definitely check out Pokemon Snap, so I'm excited about that.
This is something I'm kind of curious to check out as well.
A Ninja Party game is coming to the Nintendo Wii and the Nintendo DS in March of next year.
Ninja Reflex is the name of the game.
It's being published by EA, but also a company called Nunchuck Games.
How appropriate.
It's being developed by Sanzaru Games, which is a brand new studio in California.
It's seven former Activision developers.
And what a great first game to be putting out.
A game all about ninjas.
EA notes that Ninja Reflexes will center around doing challenges and testing your reaction time, which is very appropriate for a ninja game.
Here's a quote.
Millisecond precision.
Sounds like fun.
We'll see.
I hope you can calibrate it or something to give it that extra precision.
We'll see.
That just sounds sort of nifty cool.
We'll see.
I'll check it out.
This is fairly, fairly interesting stuff for anyone who has a Wii.
If you join Club Nintendo and you would use your previous Nintendo website login, you can buy Wii points for four stars for every Wii point using your old stars from the Nintendo Club.
And this is actually nintendo-europe.com.
I don't know if they're doing anything like that in the U.S.
I wish.
But it was a loyalty program that they had going on where if you did stuff you had all these stars.
So you can go through and use your points to buy games or go shopping or do stuffs.
It's kind of nice that you can finally get something for it, you know?
Yeah, I think it's pretty cool.
As for all those people who saved up your stars, congrats to you.
Anyways, let's see here.
This is also kind of interesting.
Usually you would think Gamefly with rentals for games and stuff, but now they're offering Gamefly Tunes, which is a partnership with a company called Brand Racket.
And they're offering the subscribers five free preselected songs to download each month.
And I guess it's going to highlight up and coming and established artists, and apparently people that aren't subscribed to the service can download one.
And I guess this month, music including artists like RJD2, Thievery Corporation, Shadows Fall, OK Go, and Little Brother.
That's interesting that they would be doing that kind of stuff.
And as far as I'm aware, I don't think that's actually any video game music, so...
Yeah, I actually downloaded some of those songs, and I mean, they are up and coming artists, so they aren't really...
Some of them are OK, others aren't that great.
And I imagine that probably every month it's going to be more of the same.
Well, I mean, OK Go, they're in Rock Band, but I don't know.
Free's good, I guess.
I already have both of OK Go's other albums, and the rest of their stuff just sounds the same.
Just less entertaining.
Kind of boring in some cases.
I don't listen to a lot of the stuff that you kids are listening to these days.
You and your old radio discs.
80s forever!
8-track tapes.
Well, anyway, that's cassette tapes.
Let's move on to talking about something that could be all the rage in a couple of years, or very soon, who knows.
Apparently a patent was filed by Apple back in September of 2006.
And now it has just come out to light, because I guess these things take a while to hit the public internet.
Apparently, there is going to be multi-touch technology in this game.
So, apparently, what it is, basically...
I mean, obviously, they already have the iPhone, but they want to apply this touch technology, the multi-touch thing, to gaming.
So, they say, quote, this is being used for a game or a gaming application.
And, of course, we all know about the iPhone, but now we're kind of talking about that possibly this patent was actually filed to do gaming on the iPhone.
Possibly a music-based game.
But, I mean, this really doesn't come as much as a surprise, because on the current iPods, they've gone into gaming a little bit.
So, it just makes sense to me that on the iPhones and the iTouches and all this stuff, they're going to get into this as well.
Yes, and remember how wonderful those games are on the iPods already.
I'm being sarcastic, by the way, because they're not very good.
Well, what about the one that came out from Harmonix?
Faze.
Thank you.
Faze was okay, but, seriously, the rest of them sucked.
I mean, I don't know.
But then again, I mean, there's not much you can do with just a jog wheel, so, you know, having multiple touch screen stuff on there, yeah, that would be a lot better, obviously.
But, I wouldn't, I don't know, you're going to get as much gaming out of this as you are an N-Gage, so, seriously.
Well, I guess time will tell, but it is very interesting that that came up, nevertheless.
Always interesting are the emails that you guys send us every week at Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
And every week, Jamie dives in head first into our big old mailbag and pulls out a few of the emails that she likes and reads them for us here, live on air.
And that's what she's going to do right now in our mailbag segment.
Email, email, email.
And just as a point of order, I will say that I have read every email that comes through, and some are not being read, you know, on air, because we got a bunch of them.
So, I will read a few of these.
And one of them was sent from an iPhone, and that makes me laugh.
This is from jazz432 slash ps3.
Okay.
Anyway, hey, guys, I love the show.
You guys keep me going on the podcast at work.
I just wanted to say that I found a new game for me.
I know you guys are not very big on the PS3, but you need to give it time and a chance.
I was on the PSN store last night and saw that they had added some new games.
I had never heard of a game called Wild Arms.
Have you never heard of Wild Arms?
I know you guys slash ladies may have.
It's a good RPG for the PSP.
Well, it was a PlayStation game.
Way better on PlayStation LOL anyway.
I heard on your last podcast that you don't get reviewed much on iTunes.
I will give you a good score when I get home from work.
I love the show and keep it up.
Jamie, I love your input on the show.
It's always good to get info from the ladies and not from just us geek guys.
Got to go back to work before the boss finds out I am emailing you guys, LOLJK.
I'm telling.
Actually, I just sold my copy of Ratchet and Clank Tools of Destruction.
It's just not the full Ratchet and Clank, it's just I don't like the Ratchet and Clank series.
That game is probably pretty good, but the person I sold it to loves it a lot more than I do.
There's a lot of games though for the PS3.
I was going to give Unreal Tournament 3 a chance, but for some reason,
part of me thought that there was an actual good single player portion of that game,
but it's Unreal Tournament and there's not, so I don't really want to buy it.
I don't know, there will be more stuff that comes out later on.
It's just right now, there's not a lot of great games for it.
Not to say that there won't ever be.
Some interesting comments on chat on Wild Arms.
It's kind of polarizing the chat room.
Separat1215 said,
Wild Arms was never a huge game.
I'm not surprised if no one knows what it is.
RossDeelUT says,
How the fuck has this guy never heard of Wild Arms?
Jonathan F. says,
Wild Arms is a killer RPG held up well against Final Fantasy VII,
I think in my opinion.
Wild Arms is just as it sounds, a Wild West RPG,
although it's not that at the same time.
So, I already have some comments on Wild Arms from the chat.
Any more emails?
No, none at all.
Yeah, there's some.
All right.
Next email,
Hey folks at OLR.
I was just emailing to say that I was just about in tears at work
from laughing so hard at Loki flipping out about one up protesting for publicity.
I'm glad someone gets fired up about something and Loki offered up some radio gold.
You guys host a fantastic show and I always look forward to listening.
Keep putting out fantastic shows and us fans will be extremely saddened
with the loss of this show because it really kicks the crap out of those
other big name corporate podcasts with its real enthusiasm and passion.
Ego++, thank you.
And again, this email is sponsored by the Olive Garden,
home of the Never Ending South.
It's J-Rod.
Dude, the Olive Garden is awesome.
Next,
Dear OLR,
I was thinking,
would those jot guys act the same way if it said gay girl?
Oh, you missed the video last week.
Somebody did this experiment where they went on the internet with Halo 3
and their gamer tag was gay boy and they went into all these rooms
and you can just imagine, I mean,
Xbox Live, you can probably fill in the blanks with what happened.
So, this is probably what this person is responding to is what would happen
if this person went in the room with the name gay girl.
Because when two girls make out, that's hot.
But when two guys make out, that's gross.
Dude, I think that guys making out is really hot.
Anyway, they probably wouldn't.
It's a sad truth of the world we live in.
There's people who only like one part of something but not the other part.
I'm just waiting until gaming is blamed for bigotry.
Siaion671.
PS, Sky already has the game.
Sky's voice is a little different.
Sky has the game. Sky's voice is the game.
Don't get me started.
But good point brought up.
I would like to see an experiment done.
I would like to see the same person go back on the Halo 3 with the name
gay girl or lesbian girl or something like that.
Because you say gay girl and a lot of folks get the stereotypical
butchy girl who likes girls in their mind.
But lesbians is a more exotic word.
Lesbians is the lipstick wherein pillow fighting lesbians.
Porn star.
When I would tell you that most lesbians I know are in neither category.
Yeah.
So continuing forward, shall I?
You shall.
Greetings.
This is Kripatkin from the Kripatkin and Hendricks Game Review Show.
Sorry, I'm being tongue tied.
While listening to your show last week, second part,
I noticed that Loki casually dismissed Sensible Soccer
as of little to no interest to anyone
and then Sky and Rice Princess began to laugh at its name.
Oh dear.
I had to count to ten before writing this email
as one should never write an email in anger for yes,
such a dismissive attitude filled me with both fury and despair.
Sensible World of Soccer, a.k.a. Sensei,
is part of the holy trinity of British video game titles
that cannot be slighted.
It was an all-time classic footy game made by Sensible Software,
hence the name, that built on Kickoff 2 title from back in 1989
on the Atari ST and Amiga.
To see it arrive on Xbox Live Arcade is nothing short of wondrous news.
To put it into perspective, try to imagine someone saying
Super Mario 3 is a bit meh
and that is what you did last week as far as your British listenership were concerned.
Oh, and in case you're wondering what other two games are in the trinity there,
Speedball 2, already on Xbox Live Arcade, and Paragoid.
If you want to know more about these three games, search on Wiki.
It has some great pages for all three games.
I've actually heard of Paragoid.
Keep up the good work and just be careful over games
that originate from the British Isles in the future.
I mean, you might even start saying things like
Lords of Midnight are a bit overrated.
Not a good idea.
So basically what Karpatkin's trying to tell us is that
Guardian Legend is to Orange Lounge Radio
as Sensible World of Soccer is to all of the UK.
Is that kind of what this email is to summarize?
That's the general...
I see. Well, we are sorry for poking fun at your sacred game.
Or he was just saying Loki was wrong.
Which a lot of our emailers like to do.
Dude, okay, no offense, but I mean...
Uh-oh.
You know, even...
Okay, I'll give you, you know, yeah, Super Mario World 3 may be not the shit.
And to be honest, it was the shit at one time,
but times have changed, okay?
Sensible World of Soccer may have been a great game at the time,
and it still may be a great game now.
But you know what, though?
I ain't gonna download it.
You know why I'm not gonna download it?
Because it's a soccer game, for one.
I don't play sports games, and I definitely don't play soccer games.
And two, it's like an Amiga game.
I'll check out the demo, and if I like it, I'll buy it.
That's what I do with most games.
I'll be sensible about it.
Back in the day, I used to play Blades of Steel and stuff like that,
so I have tried games and stuff like that.
It's just not my thing.
And I'm not saying that you're wrong for downloading it.
I'm not faulting you for doing that, but you know what?
I sure as hell am not downloading it.
But you're wrong for being British, is what we're trying to say.
I'm not British.
I'm just kidding. Never mind.
Rob.
What?
You remember, though, what I went crazy about finding at the store Friday night?
Super High Impact, which is the only American football game that I like, ever.
I like Tecmo Bowl on the Nintendo.
That's my favorite.
Super High Impact on Super Nintendo, I think.
But I also played...
What was it that was on Super Nintendo? Was it Mario Stryker?
Wasn't that it?
No, Mario Stryker's a new one, isn't it?
No, that's the new one.
Oh, that's probably like a new sequel or something.
It was an old one on Super Nintendo, another soccer game.
I used to play that all the time.
Uh-oh, the chat room's requesting my British accent.
No.
You better go to next email.
No, next email.
Oh, I think I'll be logging on to Xbox Live this week and downloading some sensible World
of Soccer.
Sensible.
Cheerio.
Or Scottish.
Okay, see, I'm not doing that shit, so I mean, come on.
And they're getting mad at me.
Whatever.
Yeah, but I'm cute.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Hey, OLR.
I've been listening to your show for over a year now, and I think it's the best.
Aww.
My question is mainly for Loki, but others could chime in.
Well, thank you for your permission.
I bought a PSP slim and need to know how to install custom firmwares.
Do I need Pandora's battery and how to?
Um, your show is awesome, great, and with a PSP, I will hopefully be listening live
more often.
Thanks, Ryan.
Yeah, you do need Pandora's battery in order to install custom firmware on there, and there's
instructions online on how to do it, and you actually have to create a different Pandora's
battery than the one that they use for the fat PSPs, but basically it involves you making
the standard Pandora's battery, then you patch the file with some other thing, and then once
you've done that, you run the Pandora's battery on the system, and then you can install custom
firmwares.
Don't ask me how to do it, because I didn't know at the time, I had to read a very, you
know, stupid walkthrough on how to do it, and it took me about three times before I
finally got it right.
So, it's not easy, but it's not super difficult.
Do you have to mod your PSP?
I mean, Jesus, just play the games.
Me, I don't!
Hey, I have to mod everything.
Everything!
There is not anything that I don't break open.
Except for my DS, I haven't done that yet.
I'm working on it right now, though.
We broke open my old Game Boy Advance to put an afterburner in it.
That's different, because it really needed that.
I mean, that really enhanced the damn Game Boy Advance.
My friend did that for me for my birthday, but I'm just saying, you know, the PSP, yeah,
I installed, when they were first out, I installed the stuff that let me play Kid Icarus on the
PSP so I could go, hee, hee, hee, I have Kid Icarus everywhere, but now it's kind of old.
And so, I just, I don't care anymore.
I don't care about modding anymore.
I haven't hacked my iPhone, though, and I'm not going to.
Not my thing.
Next email.
DMN says, Loki modded his penis.
Exactly.
Because you did say you have to mod everything.
Game consoles, okay.
Yes, please, next email, quick.
Next email says words.
Hey, Loki, Dark Soccer, and Sky.
I just wanted to thank you guys so much for helping me get through a really hard first
semester at college.
Looking forward to the next podcast kept me going and helped me look around for some fellow
gamers that need play, so I quickly found a whole bunch of Wii players, and I've been
having fun with Mario Strikers since I'm one of those more social gamers, although I don't
play online a lot.
Anyway, keep up the good work, and once again, thanks for making this transition all that
much more manageable.
All the best, Cliff R.
Wow, lots of good ego emails tonight.
No, but I'm glad to hear about the Wii Club that's forming at your campus.
That's kind of fun.
That's pretty cool.
Last email.
Remember when we were going to do a show live at a college campus?
We actually, no, we were having talks.
Remember that?
We were going to do that at East Davis.
We were going to be doing it in their big theater they had there, but it didn't work
out because our hookup left, and we no longer had a hookup to do our show there.
We were going to do one of our big shows there.
I don't remember if it was 150 or 200, but oh well.
Maybe we should have a contest.
OLR comes to your school.
Apparently.
That'd be fun.
Yeah, and to win, you pay for it.
No, I'm just kidding.
Last email.
Yes.
Hey, it's me, Dr. Burst.
I took a few months off to get my grades up, but I'm pulling an all-nighter tonight to
get this essay done, and I'm listening live for motivation.
You can do it!
Oh, Jamie, always the inspirational one.
All I have to say is you guys have gotten four times better while I was gone.
I'm glad that the price changes on Live 365 did not kill you.
The show has helped me get over two pages out of three.
Good job, guys.
Keep it up.
That's 10,000 cups of coffee for the win, Dr. Burst.
Nice.
We've gotten four times better.
We must have been really bad before to be four times better now because I would say
we're only about, and we're like on the line right now.
You know what?
I lied because there's, well, it's an article that Robwith2B is linked to that I actually
think is pretty cool.
It's from Engadget as soon as it loads, but it's Sega protecting the Dreamcast trademark
but not doing another console.
Oh, God.
That whole debacle.
I forgot about that.
Well, if it'll ever load, but basically, Sega is saying that they're going to keep that
trademark so that they can, I guess, protect their rights in the Dreamcast name, but they're
not going to be doing any.
I want to know how the hell someone jumped to that conclusion that they're doing a Dreamcast
2 from them renewing the trademarks.
How did that rumor even start?
Because that kind of seems stupid to me.
They're quoted as saying they have no plans to get back into the console business.
Which is no surprise.
When I first read that rumor, I'm like, yeah, right.
Yeah, right.
They're going to put out a Dreamcast 2 right now and the market is crowded.
I just don't see Sega getting back into consoles anytime soon.
I mean, let's face it, sorry Sega fans, but the last few offerings from Sega have not
been all that, even in the console market.
So they got a lot of catching up to do, you know what I mean, before they start thinking
about a console again.
Okay, we got one last email.
All right.
Hurry up.
I was blinking.
Fine.
It says boobies.
I'm not joking.
The first word in it is boobies.
Is that from DMN?
No.
It's from the doctor.
Oh, okay.
LOL.
I'm thinking a lot of LOLs in my emails.
What is that about?
I love you guys.
Anyway, I'm going to try and buy some 360 before Christmas.
Thanks for the idea, Sky and Loki, the doctor.
Send me a TARDIS so I can, you know, go elsewhere and else win.
And now here, RossdielUT actually has a really good idea here.
He says I can imagine, for once, ha ha ha, no, just kidding, he says I can imagine they'll
just repackage a flashback-type console for Dreamcast games.
Now that I could see happening.
That is a sensible world of Dreamcast to me.
By the way, it was Mega Man Soccer I was trying to think of.
Let's see.
What else?
I'm getting lulled today with boobies.
Somebody else had a sensible joke.
Oh, yes.
ActDeft said when we go to the college campuses, it could be OLR, the Sensible World of Podcasting
Tour.
I like that name.
We should have that contest, contest, pay for us to come see you.
I like that idea.
Pay for our vacation.
Here's our new contest, pay for OLR to come to your town.
And they can make fun of your town and then maybe show some people how to do podcasting.
We'll record our podcast in your town if you pay.
But not at your house, because that would be creepy.
And you might not have good internet either.
Exactly.
My God.
The show is breaking our internet at this house.
We kind of tried to prep for it.
All right.
End of mailbag.
Let's get to some more stuff.
If you want to send in an email, give us some ego plus plus.
We always love that.
Mailbag at orangeontrado.com or some ego minus minus.
I think Jamie skipped some of the ego minus minus this week.
I skipped a reminder of manners addressed to one of our three that isn't you or me.
I was looking forward to that email because it was kind of funny.
Do you want me to read it?
Yes.
Read it because it's funny.
Okay.
You'll see why in a minute.
I have to open the email box again.
Hold on.
All right.
We're going to give her a minute.
Because there's an email that's criticizing Loki that I actually found kind of funny and
I want her to read it.
And it's funny because it's true.
It is so fucking true.
It is true.
And I've been listening all night long tonight and it is completely true and so that's why
I want to...
I know Loki's like, what the fuck did I do now?
I'm trying to log back into...
Okay.
Here we go.
I have to go in the old mail.
All criticisms of me are true.
So whatever.
Of course when you start playing the music now the email starts to load.
Old mail.
I can't wait to see.
I know because Op 11 is running.
Op 11 is going to...
Damn you, Op 11.
Yeah, yeah, Loki's like, oh, take your time.
Here we go.
Oh, hooray.
And this is from Mario.
Oh, shit.
You know that Mario's calling you out now.
Yeah, there are other people in the world named Mario
other than the video game character.
I will not say last names on the air, so.
All right.
Loki, I find that you are very rude to your co-hosts
and audience when you cut them off
with your standard introduction anyways.
Saying anyways after someone states
that whatever is said is not important.
What everyone says is important, even your thoughts
and comments.
Learn to stop saying anyways after anyone's statements
except your own statements.
Anyways, I don't really care.
It is true, though.
No, he does.
He does.
Well, there's people that interrupt me
all the fucking time.
You'll hear me going, hey, hey, I'm not doing talking yet.
Hey, listen.
Hey, listen.
Hey, listen.
It's over.
I'll say anyways.
It's over.
Well, please.
No, it's just funny.
We're just poking fun at you because I
don't think you really mean it to be rude,
but it's been kind of your transition word.
Like, you know, we've been working on our transit.
You know, going from one story to another, we try to be smooth.
Like, you know, oh, we're going to go from one,
we eat a story, another, we story.
When Loki's ready to go on a story,
it's like, OK, anyways, we got this game coming out.
Oh, my god, Rob, your light's just seizures.
Did they?
Yeah, they're just sitting here and we're on.
Blink.
And then it's because he has them on that one
where they cycle.
Yeah, they're on the cycle one where it goes to anything.
They cycle, you know, with a fake hand.
Well, I just happened to look over there when they were.
All right, anyways, can we get back into the gaming news now?
Definitely, we can get back into the gaming news,
and I'll stop shopping.
I want to get a little bell, and every time Loki
says anyways, I go, bing.
Weren't you going to get a bell for something else?
I know, there was something else I was going to get a bell for,
and I never did.
Oh, well, because I'm lazy.
So rock band ain't coming out in Canada until the 28th.
Sucks for you guys, but guess what?
You know, the problem is they don't
have enough guitars and instruments and stuff
to go around.
It doesn't help that their first batch of them also sucked.
Because they're having to send all the Canadian guitars out
as replacements for all the broken American ones,
and you know it's true.
Oh, yeah, probably.
So yeah, no rock band for you.
All right, sorry.
Moving on to the PSP.
PSP got a new game on the PC PlayStation Store.
How the hell does that work?
Well, there's this new game, and it's called Beats.
And for $4.99, what you do is you download this,
and you use this little tool on your PC
to put it on the memory stick.
And the game itself was developed
by Sony Computer Entertainment in Europe.
I guess apparently this was going
to be a UMD project, like an actual full game.
And there was actually going to be licensed music and videos.
Apparently the Sugar Babes, which is a British band,
was going to be involved.
But they decided to scrap that idea, thank god.
And what they did instead is that now for this $5 game,
it'll actually run off the MP3s that's on your PSP.
So it's very similar to that iPod game that just
came out phase.
But, well, it doesn't look the same.
To me, the game itself looks like one of those cut scenes
and get there, not cut scenes, but one
of the parts of Guitar Man.
Not the part where you're moving the analog stick around,
but the part where all the notes are
coming in towards the center.
When you are doing the attacks.
Yes.
Counting the attacks.
That's what this looks like to me.
Oh my god, you're right.
Now you can't get that on the PlayStation 3 store
for whatever reason, maybe soon.
But right now you can only get it on the PC store.
So there you go.
It looks very plain.
So, oh, I guess Tiger Claw actually
linked a YouTube video of our buddy Bobby playing beats.
So I'm curious about this.
And since the OP11's done, we should actually
have bandwidth now.
I want to look at this.
Let's see.
All right, there's a little watermark.
OK, here we go.
Let's take a look at this.
Looks kind of cute.
Let's see.
Let's get into the actual game play.
Oh, he's playing to his own show.
That's cute.
That's something else.
I don't know, the game itself doesn't
look that exciting, though.
There you have it.
Nice job, Bobby.
Good promotional piece, I got to say.
That's a good one.
Anyhow, that's it.
PSP beats.
Not something I think I'm going to run and grab my PSP for.
I don't know, it doesn't look that exciting to me.
You know what?
I'm not going to download it.
However, this is something I do want.
And by do want, I mean do want.
Finally.
Lumines is now available on the PC, yay.
My god, what else are they going to put this thing on?
The N-Gage?
Or is it already there?
I mean, the PC is like the last platform
I think this game is coming out on.
You've got a skin editing mode.
You have online score ranking.
It's going to be $19.99.
And there is a pay per play on a, bleh.
You can pay per play, or you can use a free version
that has ads all over it.
Does it have shine in?
That's all I really care about.
I don't know, but I'll get it.
All right, you let me know, and then I'll download it
if it has shine in it.
I'm going on there right now.
Shine in.
Anyways, yeah, because I didn't care what you're talking about.
You're all about shine in on it, because I'm not
going to play the game unless it has shine in.
He's at your home with Bell, so fuck off.
OK, so anyways, as I mentioned earlier in part A,
the Independent Games Festival is kind of wrapping up
here.
They have the finalists announced,
and it's a bunch of cool free games.
So definitely worth checking them out.
Some of the ones that they actually have available there
include some things that you'll see on Xbox Live Arcade soon,
actually.
In fact, they have one by the WIC developer.
I want to say it was Axiom Overdrive,
and that's going to be heading, I know, to live arcade
here pretty soon.
Some of the nominees here, they've
got best web browser game, including
IronDuke, Globus.com, and Triacnid.
Some of the games I've liked that I played here, Excellence
in Visual Art, Clean Asia.
Like I said, it's a good shoot-em-up game.
If you like Warning Forever, you might like that one.
There's also another one that you might like if you
like Warning Forever, which is called Battleships Forever.
It was inspired by that game, and it's another shoot-em-up
game.
So definitely worth checking out.
And also, if you want something to waste some time on,
also check out CRAN Physics Deluxe.
They have CRAN Physics, which you can play for free as well.
Fret Nice, also fun if you've got a Guitar Hero controller.
Highly recommend that game as well.
But anyways, just check it out.
It's at www.igf.com slash 02finalists.html.
And there's a bunch of links to free games,
and also go to all those sites.
You'll notice that there's also more free games on there
as well.
You know, I'm glad we really did that story tonight,
because I think sometimes we don't
give independent games enough loving on this show.
And for as much as we say rah, rah, rah, support
independent podcasting, we should
be talking more and more about independent games.
So we definitely should all take an effort
to check out some of these winners
and talk about them on the show.
Definitely.
And if you're also interested, there's links.
This is a 2008 one.
They also have links for the last 10 years in there.
They're winners, entrants, and mods, and whatnot.
So you can go ahead and check all those out as well.
In fact, last year, one of the winners for Design Innovation,
you might recognize Everyday Shooter.
So that's pretty cool.
Another Audience Award winner from last year,
Castle Crashers.
Also the GameTap Indie Awards, RoboBlitz,
and Everyday Shooter won that as well.
So a lot of these games, play them now,
because you'll probably see them on an online service
like the PlayStation Network or Xbox Live Arcade soon.
All right.
Well, something you might be seeing making a comeback soon
are the franchises MechWarrior, Shadowrun, and Crimson Skies.
Because Jordan Weissman has this new startup company, Smith
and Tinker.
And he basically has licensed back the electronic entertainment
rights to those franchises back from Microsoft.
And basically, these franchises were originally
developed by FASA.
And then Microsoft had it in 1999.
And they recently dissolved that.
So no really plans to further these franchises by Microsoft.
Which is probably good news, because Shadowrun really
didn't get a lot of love.
And it kind of seemed like these series were kind of done for.
But they are a lot of fans, especially Shadowrun.
You look at that, especially the old school
versions of Shadowrun, lots of people love those games
and are very excited at this news,
because maybe this is a sign that these series can
make a comeback.
So who knows?
Of course, the company who just bought them in Jordan Weissman's
group not said anything about it yet.
But you never know.
There is a cryptic posting that says, quote,
our goal is to surprise and delight
old fans while welcoming new fans to these fantastic worlds.
I used to play Shadowrun tabletop,
like the original Shadowrun, which
was RPG, actual D&D-style gaming.
But I'm going to guess you were just totally not interested
in the 360 one that came out recently.
No.
That's what happened with a lot of people.
So I think this is probably good news
that the franchise is back away from Microsoft, who
some would say ruined it.
But you can't win them all.
Microsoft's done a lot of things right,
but sometimes they get them wrong.
Yeah.
We forgive them sometimes.
Sometimes.
If they beg us.
Well, there has been a list released
of the top 20 games in Japan.
This is actually put out by, I think, let me see.
I'm trying to find the list that put it out, Next Gen.
2007 is Japan's top 20 games.
So we're not talking sales-wise, though.
We're talking like it's December,
here comes everybody's top 10 list, and all that stuff,
right?
Well, I've got a top 20, so I'm just
going to sort of skim through it.
Sure.
OK, number 20, DS Literature Companion,
which was on the DS.
And I don't see how that would be interesting,
but they were doing these cartridges for different,
classic Japanese novels, so that you know more about it.
I guess like Cliff Notes or something.
19 was Blade Storm for PS3, and Xbox 360 put out by Koei.
More Dynasty Warriors-ish game.
18 was Vision Training, Flash Focus
on Nintendo DS, which is exactly what it says.
It's little mini games for training your vision.
Wild Arms XF on PSP number 17.
Number 16, Game Center CX on Nintendo DS,
which is by Bandai Namco, which is actually
based off of a TV show.
And let's see, moving forward.
On number 15 is Trusty Bell, which was Eternal Sonata.
I like that game a lot.
14 is Face Training, to where you use the DS
camera to mimic a face.
That sounds stupid.
I know, it's sort of like how to smile a certain way.
It's one of the top games of the year.
13 was Ace Combat 6, which I don't see why,
because it's kind of boring.
12 was Subarashiki Konosekai, It's a Wonderful World
on Nintendo DS.
That's the one by Square Enix that's pretty awesome looking.
I like how the article says, the battle system plays
something like DDR for kids with ADHD.
That's interesting.
11, Treasure Island Z, The Adventures of Zack and Wiki
on Wii by Capcom.
Moving forward.
Come on.
There we go.
10, Crisis Core Final Fantasy VII on PSP.
Like, I have to explain that.
9, Legend of Zelda, The Phantom Hourglass.
8, Armor Dine, which was on PlayStation 2.
Another one of those mecha fighting weird strategy RPG
things.
7, Yusho no Kusei ni Namaihita on PSP,
which is put out by Acquire.
Acquire gave us Tenchu, by the way.
6, No More Heroes, which we were just
going over during our break.
Very interesting looking little game.
And then the last few, the top five.
Number five is Lost Odyssey, Xbox 360.
I've been hearing some not so great things
about Lost Odyssey.
I'm very curious to check it out when it comes out here.
I'm kind of of two minds about it, I'm thinking about it.
Four is Super Mario Galaxy.
Three is Wii Fit.
Two is Professor Layton and the Curious Village on Nintendo DS,
put up by level five.
And number one is Pac-Man Championship Edition,
Xbox Live Arcade.
Interesting.
Interesting choices.
That game gets a lot of play in my house.
I'm actually curious about this.
We were posted a link in chat from Rossdiel UT.
It's a commercial for face training straight out of Japan.
So this ought to be a hoot.
DS, the kono training.
Pokkaku to hou hichiangemasu, ichii, ni, san, shii.
You have to smile and turn your face.
Yoho no mai wo hichiangemasu, ichii, ni, san, shii.
Yojo yutakani isho apu, otona no DS, kao to renin.
My god, it looks like it's creepy.
That commercial's creepy because it makes it seem like we will be
absorbing your brain in five, four, three, two, one.
Are they trying to imply that the Japanese people do not
have emotion?
That's racist.
That they need to, you know, look like everybody else.
You know, it's basically a trainer for pod people
so that we can't see who they are.
That's really what it is.
That's a strange looking game.
All right.
Well, one thing that you won't be smiling about,
well, maybe you will be because I know I haven't been here
in a while, CompUSA.
Apparently, they are shutting down the remaining stores
that they have.
And so yeah, I think closing 126 stores that are left.
Which you know what that means.
Liquidation sales.
Yay.
So make your way down to your local CompUSA
for some sweet deals on old games, I'm sure.
Except for the fact I looked and there's
no more CompUSAs in Sacramento.
They got rid of all of them.
Already, yeah.
Closest ones are in the Bay Area.
So I'm not driving all the way over there just
for some cheap games.
So sorry, CompUSA.
Nice knowing you when you were still around.
We bought one of our computers from CompUSA one time,
like way back in the day, with its whopping one meg of RAM.
Something that some people wish would go away and close down
for business forever is the Dr. Phil show.
Of course, Dr. Phil burned a lot of bridges with gamers
earlier this year with some of his comments.
However, it's very interesting because he
had that show about, well, I guess the whole show
wasn't about Second Life.
But he had the show about shocking teen trends.
And it actually focused on the, I'm sorry,
it actually wasn't Second Life.
It was a Second Life type of game called There.
And I should know There a little better
because one of the folks who used
to come on the show a lot back in the day, DDR Angel,
she was really into There.
And I want to say for a time worked for the company.
She may still even be there.
I don't know.
That's why we haven't heard from her in a while.
Maybe she needs to go on the Dr. Phil show.
No, no, I, that's, well, apparently this girl,
this 13-year-old girl, Lexi, she spends
like all her time on there.
She had a boyfriend in there.
And she had, like, they would make out
on their bed and everything.
Like, she had real feelings for this guy, I think.
So.
Sadly.
What?
I saw the show.
Oh, what?
You watched the Dr. Phil show.
My wife watches the Dr. Phil show.
Oh, and it just happened to be there.
You couldn't, like, you know, go to the other room or anything?
I had already been in the other room the entire day.
So, you know, I have to come out some time
and spend quality time with my wife and also eat dinner.
Well, then, did you have fun watching the Dr. Phil show?
No, because we always make fun of Dr. Phil.
We always mock him.
I'm Dr. Phil, OK?
He's like a lot like Mr. Mackey.
He's like, yeah, I'm Dr. Phil, and you should stop doing that.
Well, what's interesting.
OK, what's interesting is what Dr. Phil, and you
may think that, you know, he's going
to say something kind of narrow-minded and stupid,
but he actually ends up having some pretty decent advice.
He says, quote, because he actually
had the CEO from there come on the show and kind of defend.
So, like, you know, he got all ends of it.
He said, quote, the problem is not with the game.
The problem is the use of it.
The game is very creative, and it's there
for you to use or abuse.
Are you abusing it?
Yeah, and she said yes.
She's like, yes, I am abusing it.
And it's like, oh, OK, that was easy.
And here's the thing.
Mom limited play to four hours a day.
And so Dr. Phil says, four hours a day?
It's ridiculous.
Mom, you've got to step up and shut this down, OK?
Once she's at a point where she can play the game instead
of being absorbed in the game, OK, then
perhaps she can attempt to get back to it.
That was the official advice from Dr. Phil.
So it actually seems like that was good at telling the parent
that the parent needs to pull the plug on the game
and get the kid to do something else
and stop passively accepting it.
Well, the parent is the one paying the credit.
This has a monthly subscription fee, I believe,
where you can buy money in this game using your credit card.
Well, the kid does not have a credit card,
so stop giving her money, you moron.
Wasn't this also the episode of Dr. Phil
that the lawyer of no name was claiming
that he was supposed to be invited to and never
went through with it?
Who cares about that guy?
Yeah, he's going to be disbarred at the end of the year.
So over him.
So over him.
Yeah, he's going to be gone.
He ain't.
Well, there is a new games rating system, a campaign
to be launched for renting the games.
There's a couple of Delaware political folks
are hanging out with the ESRB and trying
to bring out new public service announcements
that these new ratings are supposed
to be adhered to or whatever.
You know what?
Can't they look at the box?
Parents don't know the rating system, I swear.
True story, last night I'm at Walmart
and I'm looking at the Wii games because I kind of still
want to get trauma centers.
I was kind of looking how much they're charging for it
because I was there to get some other stuff.
And there's this parent and the kid is playing Xbox 360,
the little demo kiosk, right?
And he's going, I want this game.
I want this game.
And she goes, well, what's it rated?
So OK, good question.
She says, what's it rated?
And the kid goes, RP.
And the mom's all, what's that mean?
She's all, what does RP mean?
I don't know.
And I'm just kind of thinking to myself.
RP's not even on the list.
It's rating pending.
RP is rating pending.
They do have it on the ESRB poster.
Yeah, but that's what I'll bring to fill the wall.
I've got some ESRB.
That would be a good thing to fill the wall with.
So if any parents watch our show, it reminds me of that.
I have like hundreds of them.
And me being the nosy fucker I am, I jumped in there
and I said, I was like, it means rating pending.
It's like a movie that hasn't been rated.
I was thinking RPGs.
Oh, no.
No, well, that's the thing.
I've been saying this for years.
It should mirror the movie system.
If it said R or PG-13 or not yet rated,
people would know what that meant.
And I said, well, what's the game?
And she said it was Naruto.
And I told her, I said Naruto is based on a cartoon.
The worst thing you're going to see in it is cartoon violence.
It's a team.
It's rated team.
It's rated team?
Why?
Because of cartoon violence.
Because it's beating up?
Oh, whoops.
I told her, I'm like, it's a cartoon.
It's fine for your seven-year-old.
Oops.
Well, that's actually the same thing.
I think that the anime community has
been sort of arguing against people for years now.
That just because it's animated doesn't mean it's for kids.
Hm.
Oops.
Have you seen Perfect Blue?
But I said the worst thing you're going to see in it
is cartoon violence.
Or boobs.
So.
They do not have boobs in Naruto.
They do not have boobs in Naruto.
Yes, they do.
I would like to see this on Cartoon Network.
I mean.
The sexy no-jokes, so yes, you do get boobies.
All right.
Ha ha.
If that were the case, that show would be a lot more popular.
There are cloud-covered boobies, but there's still boobies.
OK.
Yeah, yeah.
Here's the thing.
Look.
DS68 is like Sky.
You know the Japanese anime cartoons,
not necessarily kid safe.
OK, it wasn't La Blue Girl the Game, OK?
It wasn't that.
It was freaking Naruto.
That's rated E.
Which is on a rated EC for early childhood.
Naruto's on freaking Cartoon Network.
I know that.
I didn't think it would be that bad.
Oh, well.
So what's the worst that happens?
Some seven-year-old kid sees boobies.
I mean, come on.
Moving on.
Anyways.
Ding.
I did that on purpose.
So anyways, I love doing that.
A watchdog group, of course, the Nymph,
they've gave the game industry a C. Of course, each year,
they put out their video game report card.
You know, this is like one of those things where,
who the fuck are these people, and why should I care?
Well, they are the National Institute
on Media and the Family.
They basically will do those wonderful undercover stings
where they'll see if people will sell them M-rated games
and stuff like that, or their kids and whatnot.
Really, my thing is, who gives a shit if they're rating?
So if I rated the industry an F, would people
give a shit that I'm rating an F?
No one really cares.
This industry, or watchdog organization, excuse me,
this watchdog organization sounds
like the group in Footloose that told the townspeople they
can't dance.
Something like that.
But apparently, they've conducted a lot of research.
They found that 52% of the parents
claim to use the ESRB rating system,
but 72% know little or nothing about the rating system
overall.
72 plus 52 does not equal 100.
I'm confused.
But people use it, despite the fact
that they don't know anything about it.
That has, so that game's rated M. I like the letter M. Go,
son, you can buy it.
Is that how they do it?
Seriously.
Everybody cut loose, Footloose.
Apparently, undercover shoppers that were under the age of 18
were able to buy M-rated games at nearly 50% of the time.
But really, here's the thing, though.
It's store policy not to sell M-rated games to minors.
There's no law that says they have to do that.
So what's it matter?
And in fact, I would tell them that.
To their faces?
Yes, if I was a person that, oh, you sold me an M-rated game,
and I'm under 18, I'd be like, so?
Loki, you should join one of these watchdog organizations
just for laughs.
Maybe like an undercover report.
What really goes on in these watchdog organizations?
I would like to see a watchdog organization
for the watchdog organizations.
I like that.
I'm going to rate them.
I think this is a fabulous idea.
So what would we call our watchdog organization?
You think about that.
Chat room.
I'm putting that challenge to you guys.
Ooh, ooh, ooh, what?
I know, I know.
Their nymph, I'll be nymph-o.
I like that.
I don't know what the O would stand for.
Overseer, there we go.
That'll work.
I'll be the National Institute on Media and Family Overseer.
Nymph-o.
Love it.
That's beautiful.
That's one of the greatest insights to come.
And the years I've been doing this radio program,
that's one of the greatest, I'll tell you.
Anyhow.
That's lovely.
Oh, RossDielUT.
You did it, too.
I like this.
You did it.
What?
You said it.
Oh, forget it.
Who cares?
RossDielUT says, the Institute for a Media Whore,
Free America.
Dark Tetsuya says, National Institute Media Family, OLR.
Frisbee says, OLR is watching you poop.
I don't know about that one.
I don't want to watch that.
The hell is wrong with you people?
OLR is watching you poop in a tube.
That's gross.
I mean, Loki watched those two girls poop in a cup,
but that's something completely different.
I think a lot of people watch that.
Anyhow, moving on.
Let's talk about Eve Online.
This is a game that has quite a bit of a following to it.
And I know when I was on another show a couple weeks
ago, there was definitely a lot of talk about Eve Online.
Well, Eve Online went offline earlier this week.
What happened is that there was a new update that went out.
It was the Premium Trinity patch.
And it went out a little earlier this week,
I think about Thursday-ish.
And what happened is that it added a bunch of new features
to the game.
But the patch also removed the boot.ini file off
of your Windows XP, which kind of fucks your operating system.
And there was a quote from the official support page.
Quote, if you are only using the classic client
or installed the premium client using the full premium
installer, then you are not affected.
If you upgraded the classic client to the premium client
using the content upgrade, then please read on.
Check the root directory of your hard drive
and see if you have a boot.ini file.
If so, then you are not affected.
The file is normally hidden, so you
need to click Tools Folder Options View
and select Show Hidden Files and Folders
and uncheck Hide Protected Operating System Files
to be able to see it.
You can also blah, blah, blah, blah, so on and so on.
What the fuck were you doing touching
that file in the first place?
That's what I want to know.
How did that happen?
Seriously, there's a part of me that goes, some pissed off
bitch in this organization threw that in there,
just to fuck with these guys.
That's so sad.
I bet she's planning on quitting.
And so, program delete boot.ini.
Bye, my two weeks are on.
Let me know how the program works.
For real.
I quit.
Frisbee says, uh-oh, SpaghettiOs.
I'll take my severance pay now.
Have fun storming the castle.
I mean, yeah, don't touch the boot.ini file.
But at the same time, Windows XP should,
if you're going to delete a file like that, it should go,
are you sure?
Windows XP should have a little dialog box that says,
when you delete this file, you will fuck your whole computer
up.
Are you sure you want to delete this file?
And a little picture Bill Gates going, no, no, no.
I bet there is something.
But even if it does, this person now that I'm imagining
is going, click yes for, are you sure?
Rob D says, it sounds like the simcopter bug.
Do you remember the simcopter bug?
Where it was one of the first appearances of same sex
relations in the game, because a gay programmer actually
programmed it in there that guys would kiss guys
on this guy's birthday.
And then left the company.
That's great.
It was more than that, I think.
There was a lot more than kissing going on there.
Please, this is a family show.
We don't need to go there.
Right, this is a family show.
This is a dysfunctional family show.
All right, we're going to open up the Skype line
and welcome the extended members of our dysfunctional family.
That would be you folks, the listeners.
1-877-GAME-OLR, our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
And I am dying to see how this works tonight when I only
have half the strength out here on the Wi-Fi network
out in the garage, and we're trying to stream a show.
This could be very interesting, so we'll see what happens.
Again, 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Or our username is OrangeLoungeRadio on Skype.
We have a call.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
This is Ravenstaufen.
How are you today?
I am super.
Thanks for asking.
How are you?
I am fine, and I got two things for you tonight.
You was talking about the Dreamcast?
We was.
I actually found my Dreamcast, and my brother owned one.
So I found my old Dreamcast, and it was see-through.
I don't know why.
I can't remember why.
But it's see-through, and it's beautiful.
Because you probably bought a case mod.
Probably.
Or maybe eBay.
I can't remember anymore.
My memory's fading.
They did sell, though, a new case for the Dreamcast
that you could make that was clear.
And they also sold a bootleg of the Hello Kitty one, too.
Does Rob got that one?
Do I have what?
The Hello Kitty Dreamcast?
No, I do not have the Hello Kitty Dreamcast.
I was actually very excited, because I
found that I have two Dreamcasts.
But then this guy named Loki said that one of his is his.
So what's up with that?
Why am I hearing myself?
Is that better?
Sorry about that.
Yes, much better.
Thank you.
So what else is on your mind?
That was one thing.
What's the other?
GameTap.
GameTap's on my mind.
I got a free month from GameTap.
Very nice of them.
You realize they released a Mac client
to their beautiful GameTap?
I did.
I heard.
Wait, hold on.
Is SimCopter one of the games you can play in the GameTap?
No.
Oh, it's one of the ones you remove?
Well, here's the thing.
We got linked the Wikipedia article.
Here it is.
The game gained controversy when a designer
inserted sprites of shirtless himbos, male bimbos,
in speedo trunks.
I love that term, himbos.
I'm going to use that in the sentence every day.
In speedo trunks, who hugged and kissed
each other, who appear in great numbers on certain dates,
their fluorescent nipples were drawn
with a special rendering mode.
It's usually reserved for fog-piercing runway landing
lights, so they could easily be seen from long distances
and bad weathers.
An unintended emergent behavior of the code
caused hundreds of himbos to swarm and crowd
around the helicopter, where they would be slashed up
by the blades and then need to be
airlifted to the hospital, which earned the player easy money.
The Easter egg was caught shortly after release
and removed from future copies of the game.
Here's how you access it.
And then the designer was fired.
He didn't leave.
He got fired.
Here's how you access it, too.
Apparently, if you go into the game,
you go into career mode, hit Control-Alt-X,
and then you type in, warp me to career 29, or colon 29.
And then once you've done that, you do Control-Alt-X,
been there, done that.
And then apparently, in a few seconds,
about 300 guys in bathing suits will appear.
It says, for fun, since there are no military helicopters
in the game, fire tear gas at them.
That's just wrong.
All right, sorry, Ravenstauffer.
I agree with that.
I think it was disgruntled someone.
But who the fuck is messing with the frickin' IDF
file to corrupt your computer?
They ever thought to them that it doesn't
start your operating system?
So how the hell do you find it in the first place?
Somebody needs to explain funny, not funny.
Deleting my boot INI file, not funny.
Himbos, funny.
So if you're going to do something disgruntled,
make it funny.
Yeah, but you can't find it.
They said their thing is like, you
can't get in the operating system, how do you find it?
You're screwed.
You have to use a disk, basically.
So anyhow, I'm sorry.
What was the other thing you wanted to call in about tonight?
It's about the Mac client of GameTap.
There's a brand new Mac client.
I need to check it out.
But do you still have to have the Intel
chip in your Mac for it to work?
Oh, then never mind.
Nah, I can't use it.
Lame.
But it's much lighter.
More games run smoothly on the Mac.
And on the Windows side as well, everything
runs great on both sides.
But now you can't run the Windows-based games
on the Mac, right?
They just took that category out ahead.
No, no, that's gone.
I figured.
The Windows games, so you lost like 800 games on the Mac side.
Oh, Jesus.
Well, but that makes sense.
I mean, but you still get all the arcade games.
You get the Genesis games.
Oh, well, that's cool.
Atari 2600?
DOS.
Oh, you get the DOS games?
You get DOS games as well.
Well, that makes sense because of the chip.
Well, that's cool.
Well, good.
I'm glad.
There were a lot of people really pissed off
about the fact that there was no GameTap Mac client.
So good for them.
I'm making good on that.
I think one thing.
I'm going to add one thing to that.
I got a free month from them, so I'm happy about that.
Who'd you have to blow to get that?
No one.
I just said I have problems with the PC version.
I'm like, well, we'll just add another free month for you.
Dang, I'm going to call GameTap and tell
them I have some problems.
Yeah, my boot INI file got deleted by your client.
Let's see what happens.
All right, Raven's Dolphin, any other quick thoughts
before I let you go and get to somebody else?
No, but I think that sucks.
How do you get a game like that and just boot a game
and you go like, well, I got it.
And then you restart your computer, and you're like,
what the fuck?
What happened?
Yeah, it sucks to be those guys.
I'm really sorry to all the EVE Online players who
got fucked over by that one.
It sucks to be you.
All right, I'm going back to Godfather.
All right, see you.
All right, if you want to give us a call, 877-GAME-OLR.
Our user name on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
We'll also get to some last minute stories,
and then the show is done.
Hooray.
I mean, aw, that's sad, because then there's
no more OLR till next week.
What are you going to do?
All right, phone's not ringing just yet,
so let's get a couple of quick last minute stories.
Oh, I lied.
Here it comes.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
Hey, Sky, it's Jonathan F. Your fantasy star whore.
Well, hello, our fantasy star whore.
How are you?
I'm doing just fine here.
Are you playing the abortion of the aluminous,
or whatever that's called?
Ambition of the aluminous, actually.
I see.
Yeah, you can find me running around with a rappy called
Brightstar.
Anyway, I wanted to just call in,
let you know about some of the big stories that are
going on right now with this.
The first big one is that there's actually
another expansion coming out.
But the thing about this one is that it's for the PSP only.
And funny enough, it's named.
Wait, the PSP?
Yeah, PSP's getting a fantasy star game.
So wait, this can't be an expansion.
This is a whole new game, right?
Yeah, it's a whole new game.
Well, basically what it is, it's going
to expand upon the story that's already there
and add some new missions into it.
And the real funny thing about it
is that when you condense it from its original name,
fantasy star portable, it makes PSP.
Oh, no, there you go.
So PSP on the PSP.
Exactly.
There you have it.
Interesting.
So what else is going on in the fantasy star world?
How was the new expansion received?
Because I know the fantasy star universe kind of
turned some people off to the series.
It wasn't all that and a bag of chips for some people.
But I guess some of the things they added back in
with this expansion are supposedly
making the game a little more kind of like it used to be?
Exactly.
In fact, go ahead.
I'm sorry, go ahead.
Oh, OK.
Basically what's coming back in this version,
actually, starting in just a couple of short weeks
here in Japan, or over in Japan, I mean,
there's going to be an event called the Maximum Attack G,
whereby they are bringing back some of the original fantasy
star online stages.
Now that could be kind of cool.
I know.
They're going to bring back Cave.
And what were the names of those stages in the old one?
They had Cave and, what, Ship?
Well, yeah, the Forest Cave, Mines, and Ruins,
they are all confirmed at this point, pretty much.
Wow, that's kind of cool.
Unfortunately, I'm not aware of any episode two, three,
or four stages coming back.
But who knows?
That could be for yet another expansion.
You know, I need to get back.
You know what, dammit, I am getting
so sick of some of the MMOs I'm playing now,
I think I need to give PSU another shot.
I think I need to give this game another shot.
I really do.
You want mine?
Huh?
You want mine?
No, I have the game.
Oh, I was going to burn mine.
I was thinking about, wait, how much
does Abortion of the Illuminous cost to download on Xbox?
I think it was 2,000 points.
I'm trying to remember.
That's not too bad.
That's about 20 bucks.
I don't know, I'll have to think about it.
You know what, there was some things about PSU I kind of miss.
It wasn't horrible.
So I don't know.
I miss PSO.
I heard there, you know what, we got news coming in.
Is this true?
That they're shutting off Blue Burst is going on.
No.
Yeah, so it's going to be the next thing.
The US Blue Burst servers are going down.
That's stupid, because I was actually
going to start playing that again.
Go ahead.
Yeah, one of the big questions right now
is, is the clumsy orbit and the rest of the GM team
going to try to get in contact with the Japanese team
to see if they can merge our characters over?
As far as I know, there hasn't been a response yet,
but they've at least passed the idea over.
Because I still have Blue Burst installed on my computer,
and I still have an account with active characters on it.
Yeah, and basically it shuts down in March.
Well, sorry to hear it.
How dare they?
All right, well, we've got to let you go here
as soon as we get some more calls,
but any last thoughts from our Phantasy Star
horror, Jonathan F?
Just one thing.
I wanted to announce a little project
I'm working on for the 20th anniversary of Phantasy Star.
Oh, go for it.
It's called Phantasy Star Dreams Forever.
And basically what it is, it's a remix album,
which basically goes through the history of Phantasy
Star from the original Sega Master System game
all the way up to Phantasy Star Universe.
And it's going to be a track list of about 108 tracks
that's going to basically be all developed by the community.
I'm just going to take more of a general manager position
on things here, aside from maybe just a couple of contributions.
And you can read up all the details at the website
phantasystarmun
online right now, if you want, I'll send you a link to it
through the chat.
Do that.
All right.
Please do.
All right.
Thanks you so much.
And have fun with Phantasy Star.
Maybe see you soon.
All right.
Always glad to be on the show.
All right.
Take care, buddy.
Jonathan was out here a long time ago.
Remember him?
He came out here a long, long time ago,
and he was talking about tech TV and stuff.
It was pretty good.
I'm glad to hear he's listening again.
All right.
Call us.
We're on Game OLR, or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
Let's get some last minute stories real quick.
Loki.
They're breaking the studio.
I know.
They're throwing away.
Look, the stuffed animals are there to look cute,
not to be thrown.
I don't care if all that is off.
One last minute story here real quick.
Apparently a dad has caught, or there was a dad who caught his son smoking pot.
So what he did was he put his son's Guitar Hero 3 Christmas gift
up on eBay to punish him.
That's news.
That is news.
That's smart.
That's great parenting.
That is wonderful parenting.
I love it.
It's actually still on eBay right now.
Nice.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
It's like Yuzaku.
Hey, Yuzaku.
What's on your mind?
Nah, just nothing chilling, you know, going through the gaming league as usual.
All right.
Let me rephrase the question.
How much do we owe this telephone call tonight?
I don't know.
The usual arrow smashing news, like how Supernova 2 is supposed to come out this month, and
the fact that Betsun is being dicks about holding EMUs back.
Yeah, I guess I've heard about Supernova 2, but I want to share with you my revelation
I had the other day.
Can I talk to you man-to-man a little bit?
Here's a revelation I had the other day, is that I was on Xbox Live and I was playing
Portal because I've been playing Portal a lot this week, and my buddy Shane used to
work at Konami, had a big part in DDR, and he doesn't live here in California, he lives
in Kansas, so we talk a lot over Xbox Live, and I noticed that he was playing DDR Universe
2, and he sent me a message on Xbox Live and he said, you know, Universe 2, blah blah blah,
and he was telling me his thoughts on the game, and I came to a realization, Zaku, and
that realization was, I'm kind of over DDR.
I really am.
There's not a lot that I care about that's going on in DDR anymore.
I'm not getting a boner over Supernova 2 like a lot of people are, and it's sad to say,
because obviously without DDR the show would not exist, without DDR I would not know Jamie,
without DDR I would not know Loki, without DDR I would not know Puppy, DDR has fucked
up my life in so many good ways, and bad, I mean, because there was that house I lived
in five years ago, but that's a whole other story.
In the real world, Rob edition.
Oh my god.
Oh wow.
That's not so bad, I mean, people grow out of it, people stay on, and move on with their
lives.
Zaku, I didn't grow out of DDR.
Just don't care about it as much anymore.
DDR has refused to change over the past five years.
That's the problem I'm having with it.
It's the same fucking game I played five years ago, and I'm just kind of done with it.
Yeah, but I mean, I know people, most of the people that I know that used to, you know,
they're like some of the best in the city, they don't play as much anymore, they pretty
much moved on.
I'm telling you, if Konami wants to bring me back, they just need to innovate the game.
It's possible.
They're trying to do it in little ways on the consoles, but they need to do it in a
major way in the arcade, and bring people back.
I mean, yeah, in the arcade they tried EMUs, but there's other factors that are holding
it back.
From what I hear, Betson is the reason why it's not happening in this country at all.
They don't believe that it's going to be successful, but I know Konami tries their damn hardest
and it's just other folks that are just being dicks about it, and they're just non-believers
and it's like they don't really give a shit about it.
I wish I knew more about programming.
I would want to design my own music game that was dancing that's not a rip-off of DDR or
In the Groove, or any of that stuff.
I have a lot of ideas floating around my head for the past five years.
I just wish I could do it.
What?
Why don't they make a Para Para game without Para Para music?
Because I remember when fucking Prestige used to fucking break out the Para shit, that was
kind of cool-looking.
Granted, you know, people make fun of it just like DDR, but it was a little different.
Or they could just add a Ticket Redemption game to DDR and there you go, it's going to
sell.
Oh, just throw it in a grave while you're at it.
Ever heard of that game Spider Stomp?
Those red buttons on the floor, and you get tickets out of them, and they light up.
Isn't that pretty DDR a little bit more than it already is?
Zaku, let me tell you this too, this is just going to make you cry even more.
I'm very sorry, but I have to admit, okay, when we went to John's Incredibly Shitty Pizza,
they have a DDR Supernova machine there, right?
And we were like, oh, Supernova.
But then I looked to my left, and I was like, oh my god, they have Jumpin' Jackpot!
And I ran over, and I played Jumpin' Jackpot!
Last time I played Supernova was yesterday, and then before that it was like, you know,
weeks.
I could go, I literally just threw up the line.
We saw the DDR machine, and Dan and I were like, because my husband was here with us,
we were like, hey look, it's the new, oh shoot, Airplane Game, After Burner.
And we spent most of the time either on the After Burner or on that ride that William
and I rode.
Not even that, I mean, I'm also getting into other arcade games like Wangan, I'm playing
more Initial D now, so I mean, and I'm playing a lot more other Hermione games, so I mean,
DDR is not really this much of an aspect in my life as it would be.
Sure, I mean, I try to go out to, you know, most of the tournaments, but as far as, you
know, trying to get better, it's the least of my worries right now.
Well see, I got the thing though, another thing there about DDR tournaments, that's
another thing that hasn't changed in years because it's already hit that plateau where
everybody's getting triple A's in the last couple years.
In the group, right, you know, R21, folks are able to innovate it by just creating pure
sight read tournaments through custom songs.
I just went to one yesterday where they had like about 18 songs, 18 brand new, you know,
18 sim files never before released until that day, and it was just a pure sight read, you
know, sight read tournament that just flexed out the ability to do that.
I can't get too excited about people putting sim files on a cabinet and then saying, ooh,
it's never been released before!
That's a little different than Konami saying, hey, look at this bitches, Supernova 3, yeah,
we're going to have the final round, that shit, now that's exciting, we got to wrap.
That's one aspect, you could argue with that, I mean, it's an aspect of, you know, how our
arrow smashers were, you know, for a better of a word, just, you know, continue the community
or they just, you know, they just stay active.
Here's the thing, and we got to get this call wrapped up so we can move on, take some more
calls, but I will always have a soft, warm, fuzzy, cute spot in my heart for Bemani in
general as well as DER for the many like good things the community brought, but if the game
doesn't adapt, it's going to die.
It is dying, currently, and the game has to adapt for it to survive, and I don't mean,
oh my god, I got sent pictures of that, my first DDR, like, if that's adapting, then
I want off the boat.
That's basically Konami's intent of trying to, you know, suck money out of the dry, and
eventually, remember, it's kind of like oil, it's not going to last forever, so, I mean,
it has to find an alternative means of just keeping the series alive by trying to please
as many people as possible.
I've got to let you go, buddy, Zaku, but thank you for bringing up Bemani, as you usually
do, and, you know, kind of allowing me to share my revelations with you.
I was going to bring up other things, but I had to get it out.
It's all right.
Next time, Zaku.
I'll talk to you next time.
All right.
We'll do one more call, if anything comes through.
877-GAME-OLR.
Yeah, that will play social commentary about oil, too.
No more stories?
Really?
Jamie, you have anything?
Today's boring week.
This is boring.
All right.
Well, then one more call, and we'll call it a show.
Have you seen, read the story that came up a couple days ago about that new PSP game
called, I think it's Potsipon.
It's like another, like a, it's like a music game where you have all these little armies
of creatures.
Is that related to Panledipon, which is, um, no, okay.
It's a little bit different.
It looks like, I don't know, it's a little stretch, but looks like LocoRoco, a little
bit.
Hmm.
You know, I'm actually looking in chat, and caller, just hold on just a minute, we'll
get to you in a second, because I picked up a call and I haven't acknowledged them yet,
but, um, let's see, I'm just looking at some interesting, because obviously a lot of our
hardcore listeners have been listening to us since the days where we were like nothing
but BomaniTalk.
GS191 says, the problem with DDR in arcades is basically that arcades are basically dead
and nobody wants to do shit about it.
The problem with DDR console releases is that the music is way too mainstream and alienates
the core audience, um, and Jaded says, because the concept is overdone, but the music concept
is great.
Um, and I, you know, I kind of, I kind of agree a little bit, a little bit, although
there is some type of allure to being able to play like popular radio songs on there,
I do think that DDR kind of opened my eyes, so to speak, to a whole other genres of music
that I didn't know existed before, you know, and some of those, you know, and who could
forget, I, I, I, I'm your little butterfly, who could forget how catchy that freaking
song was the first time they heard it, except for Loki, you're just Mr. Negative, or Boom
Boom Dollar, or you know, just a variety of music that was in that game, and that, I think
the Dance Maniacs series in general that kind of brought us a lot of music has been lost
over the past few years, which is kind of sad.
Because after, you know, after I started playing DDR for the first year or so, I actually started
going out and looking up these artists and finding what other music they had, and you
know, finding some good stuff that I still listen to, but it's kind of a, it just opens
your eyes a little bit.
Well, the whole, the going to the Dance Mania CDs, all they are now is just more rehashes
of the same.
Yeah.
They're not exciting.
But then I look at UltraMix 2, and that opened my eyes to the whole synth pop, and what,
you know, indie, different drum label stuff, and there's some awesome music on there, and
some of the bands that were in UltraMix 2 are like my favorite bands right now.
It's good stuff.
Anyway, I just want to say real quick, Rob D in chat says, I disagree with that.
I just think that DDR needs something new.
Releasing games with new songs just isn't going to cut it, and that's absolutely what
I'm saying too.
That's absolutely what I'm saying.
All right, anyway, let's, I'm sorry, I've made our caller wait.
Caller, are you still there?
Uh, yeah.
Hi, who is this?
It's GS68.
Hi, GS68, what's on your mind?
Sorry to make you wait.
Uh, yeah.
I've read about Super Smash Bros. Brawl online, and it's looking good.
I'm sorry, you read it, you're cutting out a little bit, you read about it online, and
it is looking good, or it isn't?
It isn't.
I just sent you a link to show you why.
Okay, let me look at this.
Why, and in your mind, why is this not looking good?
Is this about the friend codes?
Well, for example, if you get disconnected, and the CPU takes over, like, no one will
know that you disconnected, I mean, they'll keep on thinking that it's the same person,
which really bugs me, because now you can't tell if someone will have a, just plain computer
instead.
Yeah, but here's the thing, though.
I don't know if it's not really indicating that the person's disconnected, or that it
might say they've disconnected, but the computer player's still being, or the player is being
controlling the computer now.
That is, that is a very good point, yeah.
I read about that earlier this week, where basically, just to recap for those who may
not have heard, if you get disconnected, or your, you know, your Wii gets shut off, or
your power goes off, or whatever, in the middle of a match, you lose connection, the computer
will automatically take control of your character, so you're not having to wait, there's no buffer,
anything like that.
It's just that the computer takes over, but I understand what GSCCA is saying, is that,
you know, how does this, you know, if all the players disconnect, and you're fighting
the computer, how does online play differ from versus at all?
Yeah, exactly, and plus, since no one knows that you disconnected, like, there's no shame
in disconnecting anymore.
That is true, there should be a swift kick in the butt for when you disconnect.
But hopefully...
But it's gonna reflect on their, their ranking, their stats, right?
Actually, no, you won't, you won't see their names or anything, like, so you won't know
who you're fighting in.
I think that they're gonna address this stuff, I mean, this, what they've shown so far, they're
just kinda going over features, they haven't really delved into the details of what's gonna
be available on this.
I love it, Jonathan F. says, send in Mr. Resetti if they disconnect.
Brilliant idea.
And Mr. Resetti's in there, isn't he?
He is.
So, there you go.
But, you know, the Wii online stuff in general just kinda sucks, like, it really needs an
upgrade or a backbone or something, because, like, I think, I think Nintendo's, go ahead,
I think Nintendo's, like, trying to make online accessible for everyone, but in doing so,
they're oversimplifying online.
But let me tell you, okay, two stories for you.
Hey, I'm in Geometry Wars Galaxies, and Geometry Wars Galaxies has online leaderboards, which
is kinda cool.
You can go there, you register your name when you first go on, you can go look at the leaderboards.
But here's the thing, you can look at the leaderboards for the top ten scores or where
you are on the leaderboards, and that's it.
And you're just looking at a big list of names that mean nothing to you, because you can't
filter the list by the friends on your Wii, you can't filter the list by anything but
those things, so it's kinda pointless, it's kinda stupid.
I applaud Bazaar for trying to, you know, but I get the feeling they're just really
restricted by Nintendo's lack of an online mainframe.
Well, that whole thing with the leaderboards is the same for Ghost Squad and the new Trauma
Center as well.
Oh, I guess, well, yeah, I guess that's true, I forgot, Trauma Center has the leaderboards
too.
So.
At least I recognized a couple names on the leaderboards.
Did you?
Yeah, because they're from Game Facts, and I posted on Game Facts.
Gotcha.
There you go.
I feel sorry for you for posting on Game Facts.
Well, maybe there's some of that going on with Geometry Wars too, but my name on there
is Rob O-L-R. At first I was just Rob, but then when I saw what the leaderboards looked
like, I'm like, oh, I should be Rob O-L-R. But also, you don't automatically get your
scores posted to the leaderboards, you have to go in, connect to the Wi-Fi connection
and all that BS before your score finally gets posted.
That's what really, that's what kinda tells me that it's not Bazaar's fault or, you know,
the people that made the game, it's, you know, Nintendo's fault for having a weird online
system.
So.
Anyhow.
Anything else you want to share with listeners tonight?
Um, no.
All right.
Well, thank you very much for calling and listening to the show.
We appreciate it.
Have a good one.
You too.
Bye bye.
All right.
Well, I guess that is going to be it for the calls tonight, and that's going to bring our
show to a close as well, but thank you guys very much for tuning in and listening tonight.
Let's get to everybody's final thoughts.
Puppy, thank you for being here, and I hope you enjoyed the new studio and the...
It's much easier to breathe in here.
Yes, it is.
It's not nearly as uncomfortable as all cramming into an eight-foot space.
Exactly.
Well, any final thoughts, sir?
Um, I am not looking forward to the next three months of class.
Sorry to hear it.
Loki, anyways, what's your final thought?
I'm buying computer parts.
My final thought is I want pie again.
I say that every week, but I really, really do want pie.
I have frozen pies in my freezer right now.
Well, did you bring one with you?
I did not.
Bastard.
I also have Smirnoff's too.
Dark Soccer.
Was that you?
We were playing rock band last night, and you're like, yeah, I've just been having two
Smirnoff's.
This should be fun.
Yeah.
It was fun.
Yeah, I played rock band this week too.
It was a good time.
So we did a whole band last night.
Anyway, Dark Soccer, your final thought?
I just got a message on MySpace from some guy I went to high school with.
Was it somebody you want to hear from or not?
I messaged him once and forgot that I did it, and then like, you know, six months later,
he's messaging me back.
So I think it's kind of funny.
Now that is not checking your MySpace regularly.
Well, no.
It's too bad.
No.
All right.
Anyhow, I guess that's it.
We're going to call it a show.
Thank you guys so much for downloading us and supporting independent podcasting.
We couldn't do it without you guys.
If you like what you hear, please tell two friends about the program or two enemies.
We really don't care who it is just as long as the word gets out there because then we
can slowly take over the world.
We will see you next week.
Same bat time, same bat channel.
Do we know kind of anything?
Hopefully, we're going to do a game next week or something, kind of mix things up a little
bit.
I don't know if we're going to have any guests or anything in the studio, but we'll try for
you guys.
Yay.
So we'll see.
We'll see you next week, puppy, if you can.
I will try to if I'm not dead.
If you're not dead.
Why is my phone ringing?
I don't know.
All right.
Have a good week, everybody.
We'll see you next time here on Orange Lounge Radio.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast program, visit our website at www.orangewoundradio.com.
See you next week.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of Orange Lounge Radio, a production of Orange Lounge
Radio.
