Tonight, December 9th, 2007, new details emerge on Street Fighter IV.
Nintendo gets a ninja party next year, and this game tap started removing games?
We are that gaming show, podcast, blogcast, Zoom cast, whatever you're into, thing dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts. Welcome back to the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Hi.
How are you doing, Jamie?
I'm almost full.
Yes, almost what you've been eating, of course, in traditional Jamie tradition.
I pick up my dinner on the way to the show.
That's good, that's good.
Otherwise, I would have just had beans.
I cram food in after the show before I go to bed, which is probably how I got fat.
It's not very healthy. You should not eat three hours before you go to bed.
It isn't, and then I shouldn't swim either.
I did nothing but eat.
So how was Alabama?
I did nothing but eat.
You did in Alabama, too? Good times.
I went to Alabama with sauce, and we stayed at my grandma's house and ate a lot of Blue Bell ice cream and watched a bunch of movies and had a Cracker Barrel in Waffle House.
Sounds very, very Jamie.
It was very delicious.
It was a very Jamie experience.
I had a delicious time.
Excellent.
All right, say hello as well to Tech Master, Loki.
Hello.
How are you doing, Loki?
Fine.
How are you enjoying the new studio, by the way, that we're taping in tonight?
It's big.
Yes, it's much more spacious than before.
It even comes complete with a washer and dryer that you can't see on the camera.
Yes.
For when I piss myself with joy, I can clean my clothes right there.
That's awesome.
Or, you know, when we have the, as somebody said earlier, on the cam, we covered a ladder with one of the blankets there to make it look a little better.
And somebody said something about we could use the ladder in having ladder matches during the show.
And I was saying, oh, we have, you know, cage matches and bra and panties matches and, you know, whipped cream and bananas.
Anyway.
Yeah.
Anyway, say hello as well to the one and only Puppy is here tonight joining us.
Hello.
How are you doing, Puppy?
I'm worn out from school and work, but I'm getting by and I'm playing lots of rock band and my right leg is cramping.
Well, now hold on.
Don't spoil your gaming weeks just yet.
Whoops.
Maybe it's that you're angsty that your right leg is cramping so much.
All sorts of errors tonight in the brand new studio.
Do you like our new digs?
It's much more spacious than that previous box.
It is much more spacious than the previous box.
Although, Loki still has the same table that wobbles.
I think as somebody said...
I used to have the overturned laundry basket.
Now I have the wobbly table.
I'm moving up in line.
Independent radio at its finest.
Somebody was saying earlier when I was doing the tests earlier today and somebody was watching,
they said all I need is a little mini bar back there and we would truly be an orange lounge.
It would be fun.
We'll see.
A mini bar would be nice.
I'll bring some vodka.
How about something that's orange?
That also might help, too.
Since there's absolutely no orange in there.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Penguin nose and chocobo nose.
But you can't really see those because the camera's being blocked by the job.
Yeah, a little ways away.
Anyway, let's get into enough talking about our new digs.
Let's talk about our gaming weeks.
First, Sakura, why don't you start us off?
How was your gaming week?
Well, I played a lot of Ragnarok.
Now that I have internet again, I missed it.
I have a character at level 97 now.
That was really awesome.
While I was in Alabama, I didn't play crap except on the airplane where I tried to play some Oendan
and totally irritated this guy sitting next to me.
It was fantastic.
That's great.
I did that when I still had it when I was in classes in between breaks.
People would be looking at me like, what the hell is that tapping noise you're doing?
I had my headphones on, and he was just looking at me like a...
Oh, but on the way back, this is cool.
When I got on the little dinky tiny plane...
No, I take that back.
It was when I got on the bigger plane coming out of Dallas.
These guys were sitting behind me like, oh, well, don't mind us.
We're nerds, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
I was like, okay.
Then for some reason, we started talking about Half-Life, which I can't play Half-Life.
I was like, yeah, I'm going to get Portal anyway, but I'm going to be so motion sick.
They're like, you get motion sick, and you're on an airplane.
I was like, only video games make me motion sick.
I'm sure that guards them.
That and riding in the backseat of a car will do it sometimes.
Or riding in Kristen's car on Highway 1.
Yeah, that was my gaming week.
All right.
We have a Black Knight pinball in our house now.
Not a Black Knight 2000.
We are housing somebody's Black Knight.
What does that mean?
You're borrowing?
We're providing them storage space in exchange for massive amounts of playing it.
All righty.
Well, let's go over to the one and only Loki.
How was your gaming week, Loki?
Not as filled as I thought it would be, unfortunately.
I planned to play a lot of things and never got around to it.
But I played more Zelda fandom Hourglass.
Almost done with that.
See, the thing with Zelda games is when you finish them, you don't want to play them again.
You're just like, you're done.
Anyways...
I don't know about that.
I challenge that statement because I can still go back and play the old Super Nintendo one.
And the old school NES ones I still love too.
Yeah, true.
Like the Super Nintendo ones and stuff.
I think this game is a little bit shorter.
I mean, it seemed to be really short versus, you know...
Maybe you're just that good.
No, the game is really fucking easy.
It's like stupid easy.
But, I don't know.
It's just...
It's okay, I guess.
Saints Row actually went back and started playing the single player stuff.
Not really...
Now, I haven't really been playing the single player stuff.
I've been playing single player but I've been blowing up this armored car over and over and over again.
Because there's a trick where you can keep getting more money because I'm trying to get the achievement for a million dollars.
And so I keep doing that.
But it's entertaining nonetheless because you're blowing up cars over and over.
Achievement whore.
But, we've been switching it up at work instead of all rocket matches now.
Now we're doing shotguns, pimp slap, and grenades in the meter maid cars.
It's hilarious because...
Boy, that sounds like a party.
Pimp slaps and grenades in the meter maid cars.
But you don't understand.
That's like a band name.
In Saints Row, the pimp slap is like a one hit kill.
You just smack somebody and it launches them across the entire arena.
It's actually pretty fun.
But now we're switching it up.
We're moving out of the arena into this parking garage because there's a thousand more meter maid cars everywhere.
It's hilarious.
And then, let's see, what else have I been playing?
I played the Golden Compass on the Wii.
That sucked.
360, I played Dance Dance Revolution Universe 2.
It's fucking DDR.
It's exactly the same as Universe 1 to me.
They've changed a few things.
The quest mode, you're no longer moving around the United States and the world and stuff.
It's now this fictional DDR island shit.
I don't know.
But is it broken still like the first quest mode was?
Or did they actually kind of fix that?
I would say it's 80% broken still instead of 100% broken as before.
The song list is okay.
I still hate the fact that I have to play through quest mode in order to unlock songs.
I find that very annoying.
But, I mean, it's okay. It's DDR.
Luckily, I didn't have to buy it.
That's good because right now the only way they're selling it is with the dance pad.
You have to pay lots of money for that.
If you're interested in picking it up, it is coming out in January.
Game by itself.
And about the same time we'll be getting a DDR Disney Channel edition.
Which is probably going to be crap.
But that's okay.
But high school musical songs to DDR2.
Okay. Yeah. Lame.
Let's see. What else did I play this week?
You know, I think that's about it.
Because, really, I haven't had a chance to play a lot of stuff.
In fact, I bought two games yesterday and I haven't even unwrapped them yet.
I've got Contra IV and Final Fantasy XII Revenant Wings for when I finish Zelda.
Which will be very soon.
I don't know. All the extra stuff in Zelda.
All the hidden islands and stuff.
They have an island that looks like a DS.
And I was like, oh, that's kind of funny.
And that was about the extent of my interest in that.
And then there's another island that you can find treasure.
Which is really kind of lame.
It's not like Wind Waker was where it kind of felt like Mega Man Legends to me a little bit.
Where there's a lot of exploring of, you know, a ton of different dungeons and stuff.
This game, I don't know, it's just kind of really scaled down and made the hell lot easier.
So, I have to go back and play Wind Waker again.
Because I never did finish that game.
And then maybe eventually I'll warm up to playing Twilight Princess.
But, I don't know. I just don't like it.
Alright, fine.
Alright, then my gaming week.
There was some new stuff I finally got to play this week.
As opposed to the same old MMOs.
I actually didn't play the MMOs so much this week.
I actually checked out some new stuff.
Including the orange box, finally.
Which is magnificent.
There's several different games in there.
I haven't even gotten to touch Team Fortress 2 yet.
But I've been playing some of the other games in there.
Half Life, which to be honest,
I know it's a critically acclaimed game and everything.
But I just never really got the chance to play it before.
So this is really the first chance I'm getting to play Half Life.
Half Life 2, I mean, of course.
It's kind of cool. It's very immersive.
And of course, Portal.
I've been playing a lot of Portal.
Moving through the game rather quickly,
I guess the game really isn't that long, per se.
But it'd be damned if it isn't pretty funny and pretty innovative.
It's a great kind of...
It's a puzzle game in first person.
It's not a first person shooter. It's a first person puzzler.
I don't know what else to call it. It's pretty cool.
I swear to God though, that whole thing where you have to
fire a portal on the ground,
and then fire together half up on the ceiling,
and then fall from the ceiling to the one on the ground to get enough inertia,
that thing drove me frickin' nuts.
I was trying to do that for like an hour.
It was so difficult that I finally got through that.
Let's see. Also, the other game I've been playing is
Geometry Wars Galaxies I picked up on the Nintendo Wii.
And I'm having quite a bit of fun with Geometry Wars Galaxies.
It's a pretty good time.
It's a lot different than just the game on the Xbox.
On the good side, there's a lot of extra types of stages,
more monsters, and you know what?
The controls are actually not as hokey as you'd think.
Like, you know, you have to use one half is the moving around.
You move around with the nunchuck on one,
and then you use the Wiimote to kind of point on the screen where you want to shoot.
And you'd think that would be really hokey,
but it actually works out really well.
So, I actually kind of enjoyed the control scheme.
And plus, if for whatever reason you don't like that control scheme,
you can do the classic controller, which is great.
Classic controller doesn't feel quite as nice as the Xbox 360 controller did,
and I think it's because the directionals are a little more grooved on the Wii,
whereas the Xbox 360 has the full 360 degrees of movement a little bit.
So I think that it doesn't have quite the same feel with the classic controller, but it's nice.
My only minor complaints about the game is that, A, it looks better on the 360, obviously.
I mean, you can tell there's some graphical dumbing down that had to be done for the Wii,
but it doesn't look bad.
I mean, it is Geometry Wars.
You're not going to expect, you know, the world's best-looking game,
you know, when you're looking at that.
And then also, the other only kind of minor complaint I have is that,
you know, it's kind of cool that you progress through these different levels
and you unlock new planets and you unlock new power-ups,
because the other kind of thing that you have in Geometry Wars Galaxies,
you have a little droid that follows you, and you can tell the droid what to do.
Like, you can buy an attack mode or buy a defend,
and as you play more levels, the droid levels up with you.
And it's kind of cool, so it gets a little smarter.
But the only thing is that there's really no method to that progression, if that makes sense.
Like, there's no story to back it up.
There's really no nothing.
And, you know, I can kind of understand it,
because Geometry Wars Galaxies is supposed to feel like an arcade game,
especially like a classic 80s shooter, and it does that very well.
But then I think, you know, even Pac-Man at least had the little cutscenes every three boards
that kept it kind of, like, entertaining.
There isn't really anything that you feel like you're working for, if that makes sense.
So, that was my only minor complaint, but overall, I think the game's great.
You don't think cutscenes in Geometry Wars?
I don't mean, like, you have to, like, have these grand, like, cutscenes,
but, like, give me a reason for kind of, like, unlocking all these things.
Or, you know, just a little bit of a story wouldn't hurt.
You know what I mean?
What they need to do is take Geometry Wars out of, like, just the normal, like, asteroid kind of stuff,
and make it into, like, a shoot-em-up game, like Gradius or something like that.
That would be fun.
Yeah, it might be fun.
The other cool thing about Geometry Wars I thought was really cool is that you can download the demo of,
well, it's not really the demo of galaxies to your DS.
It's just basically retro-evolved.
You can download to your DS from the Wii, which is kind of cool,
but I do not like the way the DS controls it all.
So, I don't really want the game on DS, because you use the stylus on the bottom to control your firing,
and it just, it's not that that really bothers me.
It's the trying to move around with the directional pad.
You know, a DS only has the up, down, left, right, really.
The 360 degrees of movement, which is so important in Geometry Wars, is kind of lost on the DS.
But overall, I liked galaxies.
It was fun, and I think it's a good game to kind of play, like, in short little segments,
just like an old, you know, 80s arcade shooter.
So, Puppey, anything you want to share about your gaming week?
A couple of things.
I've been whoring out Rock Band a ton ever since I got it.
I had to switch back to my Guitar Hero 3 controller, because the strum bar on my Rock Band controller died,
and I sent out for the warranty on that, and it actually came back already.
It only took three days for me to get the replacement, and I sent the other one back.
And then, other than that, I got Gamefly, so I've been renting games lately.
I wanted to rent Mass Effect, Call of Duty 4, Orange Box,
and for, I guess I had put Dead Rising on my list a long time ago and forgot about it,
and they ended up sending me that instead.
I played it for a total of an hour and a half, and sent it back.
I could not stand that game for some reason.
It was just terrible.
I thought it was great, because you could, you know, hit zombies with a scythe or a lawnmower.
Well, that was entertaining, but the story could have been cooler,
but the way they've got the game set up, you can only save it once,
and if you die, you have to go back very far and reload a bunch of crap.
I just got sick of it very quickly, and I would not have played through the entire game.
Is that it?
Rock Band, Dead Rising, not playing Halo again until the maps come out next week.
Yeah, that's pretty much it.
Going to the chat room, our always-present other guests, chat.orangelawnsradio.com,
they're kind of lit up right now, because our live 365 stream has been going up and down,
which has been kind of one unfortunate side effect of the new studio,
is that the wireless router now is kind of on the other corner of the house,
so I think I've been losing signal a little bit.
I don't know if Op11 is interfering with that.
So what I'll probably have to do next week is we'll probably get a little sub-router,
because we have a giant cord that we run out here for Operator 11.
I'll also have to get something to split that signal.
But yet, Jamie and Loki's computers run fine on the wireless network.
I don't know what that is, but then again, they're not trying to broadcast a radio program from that.
So I apologize, chat room, if live 365 is going up and down,
we'll just kind of have to deal with it tonight, and then next week we'll fix that.
But now we know, which is weird, because I ran live 365 and Op11 at the same time
for 40 minutes earlier today, and everything was fine,
but now, of course, we're having a plethora of problems.
Just my luck.
And people will continuously bitch about it.
Actually, I'm not really sure why.
Well, I think it might just be because of the way your wireless is set up
versus having a wireless card built in.
Possibly. I don't know. Because I have the little USB thing?
Possibly. Who knows.
Well, we'll see what happens. We'll do our best.
Anyway, we've got to keep the show moving,
because of course we've got lots of people who listen to this in the podcast form,
and they don't understand any of this that they're hearing right now.
They're like, what are you talking about, this wireless router and stuff?
Live 365 and chat room, what is all that about?
Anyhow, I was going to talk about one more thing that I played this week.
Well, alrighty.
And I'm not sure, I can't remember if we're getting into this later on or not,
but anyways, there's an independent games festival thing
kind of going on right now that they've got some of the finalists for.
I think the awards come up later in our show.
Yeah, the awards. The 10th Annual Independent Games Festival.
Anyways, I was playing some of the finalists for that,
and one of the games I played, Clean Asia,
which I'm a huge fan of Warning Forever and stuff like that.
Very similar style game.
Very cool shoot-em-up, you've got to try that.
Also, Cran Physics is another funny one.
But they've got some other stuff in there as well,
including a game that I talked about before.
What was it? Let's see here.
Fret Nice was another one of the nominees,
which is a pretty fun game to play on the PC with the Guitar Hero controller.
Well, tell us more about that when we get to that part of the show.
Will do.
Rob, I have a question about your gaming week.
Sure.
Did you make it past that part in Portal?
I sure did. I got to the next level in Portal.
I was venting with Jamie my frustration at the robots that shoot you a bunch and then you die.
I was having a hard time getting through that portion,
and then Jamie said, you have to shoot the ceiling.
And she showed me this little walkthrough she'd been watching on the internet.
I'm like, God damn it, I didn't even think to shoot the damn ceiling and drop bricks on them.
I was trying to shoot the floor and shoot them out through the floor,
but there's one part where you can't because the floor is the type where you can't build portals.
And I was just taking the cube and trying to bowl them over.
That's how I was doing it.
And it worked for a minute.
You can use the camera too.
People are using the cameras.
But I felt bad for Rob.
I watched the walkthrough a bajillion times just because I thought it was funny.
And so I had to help.
That's right.
So now I'm to the next stage in Portal.
I just kind of quit for the night because I wanted to play some other stuff,
so I had new things to talk about tonight.
Anyhow, a little bit of housekeeping.
I guess I already talked about the parts about the new studio,
and unfortunately the effect it's having on us tonight with the whole live stream cutting in and out.
Sorry about that.
But we'll hopefully fix that within the next couple weeks.
Are we doing a show December 23rd?
I don't think we talked about that.
It's the Christmas week.
Here it is for Christmas.
I should be available.
Yeah, I think I'll probably be here too.
But I have to work Monday.
And of course we have our year-end show coming.
You have to work on Christmas Eve?
Yeah.
Sorry about that.
I work for, you know, freakin' tyrants, so it's okay.
We'll be having our year-end special probably on December 30th,
and I'm hoping that we get some guests on the program like we did last year,
but more on that in the next couple weeks.
Let's get to the gaming news.
Enough about the housekeeping stuff.
Let's start off Loki tonight.
Anyways, I just wanted to comment one thing on the chat room.
Everyone's talking about the weighted companion cube and stuff.
No one ever mentions the weighted companion sphere
that happens to be in the challenge mode of the game.
No love for the sphere, I guess.
What's the difference between the sphere and the cube?
One's round and one's cube.
Does the computer call it the weighted companion sphere?
I don't know.
Well, I think all that stuff's still the same,
but it's just it's harder because you can't just drop it and it will roll.
Oh, that's right.
And you can't jump on top of it as easy because it'll roll.
Okay, I get it.
I'm like, duh, I know one's a sphere and a cube, dumbass.
I'm like, what is the effect that that has?
Okay, I get it.
I know the sphere does not have any hearts on it.
Aw, sadness.
So it doesn't really like you.
It's just pretending.
Well, then why throw that thing in the incinerator like that?
It's like challenge mode, okay.
Anyways, this week Rockstar happened to throw out on the internet
a brand new trailer for Grand Theft Auto IV.
It's fucking fantastic.
It's called Move Up, Ladies.
It's basically what's really important about this trailer, though,
compared to the last one, which came out about six months ago,
is it looks a lot better than, you know, the game has really progressed.
But it did show kind of a lot of the detail that they're adding in there,
including, you know, gunfights and all the stuff that you'd expect
from Grand Theft Auto.
But there's a bunch of new screenshots and stuff.
I have to say the game is coming along very well.
It looks awesome.
And I think a lot of people that were kind of hesitating about the game
before saying, oh, this is just going to be crap,
were really on board with it.
But if you want to check it out, it's pretty much everywhere.
All the major sites, Xbox Live, PlayStation Network,
you can definitely find it and download.
All righty.
So does it actually show, like, more than just the cut scenes?
Like, do you actually see what the game is?
I still, all the cut scenes are with the in-game engine.
So, I mean, you essentially see what the game looks like.
One of the characters that they showed also was, again,
going to be voiced, I guess, by Seth Green.
So that was kind of funny.
But it looks really cool.
I like the trailers.
I just can't wait for the game to come out.
I hope it comes out actually in April, like it's supposed to.
All right.
Anyhow, let's move on to another story about Sony.
And, of course, the Sony iBo.
You've got to love the iBo, the little doggy.
I thought they discontinued the iBo.
You know, I guess they did discontinue the iBo that's out now,
but it's because there's another iBo on the way, apparently,
at least if Stuff Magazine is to be believed.
They're currently running a rumor that there is the new iBo
that's going to interface with the PSP and the PlayStation 3.
I guess the reason why they're doing this
is to kind of give the PlayStation 3 more toys and cool stuff,
so that it's not just the eye of judgment that they have,
but that they have the iBo as well.
So apparently the iBo is going to have its own avatar.
You'll actually see it within Home, Sony Home.
It'll actually do things in the real world like it does in Sony's Home,
which should be kind of interesting.
So apparently you're going to be able to download new personalities
for the iBo from PlayStation Network,
and you're going to be able to use the PSP with it over Wi-Fi.
The little camera in the dog's head will actually also show on your PSP screen.
So what you could actually do is you could move your dog around
and put it right under ladies' skirts and then use the PSP as an upskirt cam.
So when girls go, oh, what a cute, fake doggy.
That's probably the reasoning why they put it in Stuff Magazine to begin with.
Possibly.
I wanted to get one so I could play with my cat,
because my cat's kind of getting lonely and she's causing a lot of trouble,
and I figured this would be a perfect way to spend a couple thousand dollars
is to get a thing to play with my cat.
Then I could also watch it at work and watch what my cat's doing.
Now here's my favorite part,
Stuff Magazine rates this rumor at a 53% possibility.
Where the fuck do you get a number like that?
It makes it sound like there's this real scientific process
that rumors go through over at Stuff Magazine in order to get a rating.
So it's like they put it in their big super-predicting computer.
Here's a little note.
This has a 53% probability of being true.
It's about as official as the if they mated segment of Conan, okay?
We'll see. I don't know. I kind of call BS.
I think there may be a little something with the eyebo,
but I don't know, upskirt cams, I don't know about that.
We don't need to be giving Sony any ideas.
I want an eyebo, Rob.
Okay, well, save up your money and then you can buy one.
I've wanted an eyebo for a very long time.
I have a live journal icon that's an eyebo.
I want a pony.
You know what?
I'm not exactly to get a pony.
Eyebo of judgment.
The eyebo of judgment.
They should make the eye pony.
I was watching a special on robotics last night
and they were bringing up the eyebo.
But it was these lifelike robot people,
things that could interview people and repeat back your question
and follow you and do all this stuff.
I was like, yet the eyebo didn't sell better.
Eye paparazzi?
It was called like the respond queue or something, it was really weird.
It was at one of the Tokyo robotics shows I was watching.
Anyway, for anyone who is interested in Devil May Cry 4,
which I know I am because I really, really, really, really, really, really like Devil May Cry,
except why the hell are they giving Dante a beard?
The demo is going to be out in early 2008, according to Capcom.
For PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360, there will be a PC version,
but no word on if we're getting a demo of that.
And the demo is supposed to be different levels in the game
instead of just, oh, here's the start of the game, bye.
It's to give you a sample of the environments and different characters.
See, now I worry about you having an eyebo
because the fangasm you have when you play this Devil May Cry demo
will get all over your eyebo, and that's just filthy.
No.
No.
Will you at least put a towel over your eyebo so he doesn't have to watch?
I wouldn't get an eyebo anyway because you know my cat would be offended.
Miss Stupid Shermy Butt.
Shermy's been replaced with a robot?
No.
Okay.
She gets offended when I bring new people into the house.
She gets used to them.
How exactly does a cat get offended?
That's what I want to know.
You know how some cats just get pissy and walk off and everything?
Shermy just gives me this hurt look.
I don't know how else to describe it.
She doesn't get pissy.
She doesn't, like, start hissing at anybody.
She just looks hurt.
That's why I'm a dog person.
We've secretly replaced Shermy with an eyebo.
My cat's so retarded, she still thinks that the mirror is another cat, so, you know.
I was watching on YouTube last night, though, along with the robotic stuff,
I was also watching cats talking to people, you know, that could imitate human talk,
and Shermy was going crazy.
She was running into the desk.
She gets unnatural!
What in God's name is going on over there?
That's what it sounded like, actually.
Wow.
You don't understand.
We're kind of crazy with our cat.
We'll make her talk, like, and we'll have conversations with her,
but she can't talk, and I don't know why the hell we do that.
And she has a really high-pitched voice somehow.
I don't know.
It's weird.
One of the videos I was watching last night,
it just sounded like the cat was actually just, like, saying,
Hello?
Hello?
Like that.
And I was like, okay.
And then another one was a cat sleeping in a sink.
Is this where Lolcats is going in 2008?
I don't know.
I think so.
Wow.
Okay.
Let's move on.
Anyways.
So, yes.
One of the unfortunate things with the PlayStation 3 version of Rock Band
was that you couldn't use your Guitar Hero 3 controller with it.
Well, now that's going to be fixed,
and there is going to be a patch that's going to be coming
where you'll be able to download it, and it will allow it to play.
Hooray!
That's kind of funny, though,
is they had another story that came out earlier this week.
Some guy, Red Octane, was actually making fun of Rock Band
and their guitar controllers and saying how they're never going to make
those controllers compatible with Guitar Hero 3
because they think their controllers are crap.
Way to take the high road, Red Octane.
You know, hey, it doesn't matter that our consumers or anything
might want it a little bit easier so they don't have to buy more
of your crappy controllers.
Sure, let's just go ahead and piss on them.
Hooray!
I do like, though, that they're at least patching to, you know,
like somebody's giving in a little bit and patching
so the guitars work universally.
Exactly, they should.
I don't understand why they lock it out of other games.
It's just fucking lazy.
Actually, it's just fucking mean is what it is.
Jonathan F. in our chat room has a good point that
I don't believe we're covering elsewhere on our show tonight.
He says, speaking of patches,
Guitar Hero Wii discs will be replaced in 2008
to fix the mono sound problem.
Did you hear about that?
Yeah.
So they're going to remaster the discs or whatever,
and they'll be available in 2008 new discs.
But how many people do you think will actually do that?
I bet most Wii owners probably wouldn't even think to do it.
There might be a few.
Well, we need to spread the word.
Make it financially sucky for them.
Well, there you have it.
If you own Guitar Hero on the Wii,
then be sure in 2008 you request your...
And even if you don't care, just get a new one anyway,
just because newer is better.
That's what you need to remember.
Newer is better.
That's right.
Newer is better.
Moving on, we're talking about the PlayStation a little bit,
and on the PlayStation Network, it has been released this week,
a brand new bowling game.
High velocity bowling is $10.
Also added to the PlayStation Network,
some new stuff for the game Folklore,
and of course, Rock Band downloadable content.
Also, Wild Arms is now available for download
on the old school PlayStation Games line.
Yay!
So, I don't know.
It's certainly not Wii bowling, but it kind of looks a little urban.
You play a guy with tattoos.
You actually use the 6-axis controller.
Yeah, I was kind of curious about that.
Yeah, we're going to have people throw...
See though, I don't know if this one would be making holes in TVs and stuff,
because it's kind of rounded and a little bit light,
whereas when you kind of huck the remote,
it's kind of like a javelin type thing.
Just get the Nerf thing for it.
That's what you do.
Yeah, you just get the Nerf thing for it.
Well, in other news for our PlayStation 3 owners,
which at Best Buy, that was freaking sad.
Oh yes, Jamie and I went to Best Buy earlier this week,
and we were shopping.
We were just kind of going around.
Sad.
That's when I bought Geometry Wars Galaxies.
Yes.
I was thinking about getting Trauma Center,
and I ended up getting the cheaper of the game.
And I bought Super Breakout for the Atari 5200 that night.
But that was later.
But I already own two copies of it.
Then why did you buy a third, dummy?
I thought that we didn't have it,
and then it occurred to me when we got home
that freaking Super Breakout was the game
that came with the Atari 5200.
But I have a manual now.
That's good.
All right.
Well, anyhow, I was going to say at Best Buy,
we were there, and there were big stacks of PlayStation 3s
all over the store, not just one stack,
but at least four stacks of PlayStation 3s.
There were easily, what, 50 systems just sitting out unloved?
And we were talking to the guy,
because the guy was helping me look up Geometry Wars Galaxies,
because for whatever reason,
they didn't have any out on the floor.
They were all in the cage.
So I was asking him if they had it and everything.
And you could tell he was kind of a gamer,
so we were kind of joking with him,
and he said something about he was playing Geometry Wars on a 360.
And we said something about,
it looks like you haven't been moving a whole lot of these.
And we touched the PlayStation 3 thing,
and he said, not really.
He said, the first couple days, there were a lot,
but not really.
So.
Yeah.
It's not looking good, Sony fans.
Sorry to say.
Maybe more when Metal Gear Solid and Final Fantasy 13 comes out.
We'll see.
But anyway.
Metal Gear Solid for Geriatric Snake.
We'll see.
Anyway.
Nobody likes a Geriatric Snake.
Or GZDr4ev says Unreal Tournament 3 will sell the PlayStation 3 units.
No it won't.
It will sell some.
There's fanboys for everything.
Well.
You know, maybe when they put out Jumping Flash 3.
But anyway.
For the 2.0 PS3 firmware update,
there is,
it was actually included that there were custom soundtracks for High Velocity Bowling.
Okay, who's playing High Velocity Bowling?
Well, I don't know whoever downloaded it this week.
Who knows?
But it also has an in-game friends list for the demo for Timeshift.
So it looks like that more games, hopefully, are going to be incorporating that type of thing.
Like, who's online, that type of thing.
So, unfortunately though, it's not going to be centralized.
It'll be up to the game people to put it in their games.
Yeah.
I mean,
they're not getting it.
I don't think they,
Microsoft's already figured it out.
Well, I think this is one of those things where maybe the PlayStation 3 should have waited a year before launching.
Because it sounds like this is one of those things that they just didn't implement in the system and now it's too late.
Although, I would think they could do a firmware upgrade.
I mean, they do those pretty frequently.
This was from the last firmware upgrade.
Huh.
But, it's just,
it seems like more of a case to be like,
Oh crap, we should have done that here.
Oh well, it's a free service, so whatever.
Don't implement it when they feel like it.
I guess that's true, at least they don't charge.
And if you want to play games on Xbox Live, you've got to pay.
Don't charge and it shows.
Well, anyway.
Anyways,
however, retailers are charging for games and here's what's coming out this week.
Not a whole lot and it's a lot of leftovers, actually.
Anyways, Blacksite Area 51 is finally making its way out on the PlayStation 3.
Way to be on top of things, Midway.
Go Unreal Tournament 3 Engine, or Unreal Engine 3, whatever.
Speaking of Unreal,
Unreal Tournament 3 is coming out this week on PS3 as well.
Universe at War, Earth Assault on the PC.
Warriors of the Lost Empire on PSP.
Let's see here.
NCAA March of Madness 2008 coming out on PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, and 360.
Luxor 2 on the DS.
Hooray.
Let's see here.
Super Swing Golf Season 2.
That's going to be coming out, in case you like the last one.
I don't know how many people are getting this.
Madden NFL 08 Español.
The Spanish version.
Hey, you know what?
It makes the game appealing to an audience that maybe wasn't able to get into it before, you know?
Exactly. Now with more luchadors.
Unfortunately, that's not true.
The luchadors are great.
Is that it?
Let's see.
No, that's not it.
The Golden Compass on PC.
Oh, goodie! I'm so glad we have that.
Showtime Boxing on the Wii.
And...
And that's it.
And we move on to Japanese release dates, starting off on the Xbox 360.
Kingdom Under Fire, Circle of Doom comes out this week in Japan.
Also Smash Court Tennis 3, Stuntman Ignition, and the Castle of Shikigami 3 comes out as well on the Xbox 360.
Moving on to the PlayStation 3, Gran Turismo 5 Prologue makes its way to the PlayStation 3.
And, of course, there's a new racing wheel coming out in Japan to go with that.
Timed just in time on the Nintendo Wii.
Chocobo's Dungeon, Tokiwasure no Meikyu is coming out from Squeenix is coming out on the Nintendo Wii.
Also, Knights Journey of Dreams, or as they call in Japan, Knights Hoshifuru Yoru no Monogatari is coming out this week.
Shanghai comes out.
I don't know if that's a redone version of the old Mahjong game, but I don't know.
That comes out on the Nintendo Wii. I somehow doubt that.
Soul Calibur Legends also makes its way to the Nintendo Wii.
Another version of the Castle of Shikigami 3.
And, We Love Golf also comes out on the Nintendo Wii.
That's coming over here in February, I believe.
Is it?
It's a Capcom one.
All right.
Also coming out on other systems, we have the PlayStation 2 gets.
Hakurina Heart comes out as well as Spectral Gene, and that's all the PS2 gets this week.
And coming out on the Nintendo DS, Fuji no Mori no Let's Tarot is coming out.
What?
I wonder if that's a tarot card game. I don't know.
And Kuru Kuru Princess Yumi no White Quartet comes out as well this week on the DS.
And lastly but not leastly, we have the PSP gets.
Innocent Life comes out.
Oh, actually, that's just a price reduction.
Comes out.
And also, just for you guys in chat, Dustcat Portable 2 makes its way out this week.
You know what I need to do, Rob?
What?
I need to put up that picture I took of you at Best Buy.
Oh, with Imagine Babies?
Yeah, we found Imagine Babies.
Very interesting game.
Yes, Fuji no Mori no Let's Tarot does look to be a tarot card game for the DS.
That sounds like fun.
Yumi wants.
And Shanghai is indeed a version of the old Mahjong classic on the Nintendo Wii.
It is indeed that.
There you have it, your Japanese release dates.
Well, for our friends in the UK, not a whole bunch is coming out.
On the 14th is Beowulf, Half-Life 2 Episode 2, Portal, Team Fortress 2, The Orange...
Wait, did I already do these?
You know it says December.
I'm like, okay, it's being all bizarre.
Yeah, Beowulf, Half-Life 2 Episode 2, Portal, Team Fortress 2, and then The Orange Box.
They are releasing them separately.
Time Shift and Wipeout Pulse.
And of course all of the Half-Life related things were on PlayStation 3.
Alright, kind of a slow week over in the UK.
Yep.
Oh well.
Maybe it'll get a little more busy before the end of the year.
Or at least early next year when they start getting all the stuff that we got this year.
Poor guys over there.
I will be more than happy to send gifts overseas if people send me any booze.
Money!
Alright.
Let's get back into the gaming news.
Anyways, it's another week so that means there must be another Korean MMO coming.
And this time it's going to be a game called Perfect K.O.
It's actually a fighting game MMO and it's got an unlikely duo of characters that are
going to be making their way to it.
And those two characters, of course, would be Ken and Chung Lee from the Street Fighter
series.
It actually looks kind of neat.
It's sort of like a 3D brawl game or something like that.
And then of course as you beat up more people you can customize your avatar and that kind
of fun stuff.
But that's kind of neat to see that they're actually licensing characters from Capcom.
Hopefully they'll license characters from some other things.
That's going to be interesting.
What other kind of characters are in this game besides Ken and Chung Lee?
They didn't really mention.
It's a lot of stuff that they've designed themselves but the character designs are really
cool.
It'd be nice to see some of these characters from this Korean game move over to say Street
Fighter IV or something like that.
Speaking of Street Fighter IV, there were a lot of new details released this week.
First off, I've got to ask though.
Did you hear about the drama going on behind the Street Fighter IV news?
This Brazilian news site put out these screenshots from Street Fighter IV, these new screenshots
besides the one we'd seen previously.
They put out some new screenshots and one up sick the lawyers on them.
Or as if Davis were to say, sick the lawyers on them.
And people were like, rah, rah, rah, the corporation's taken down the independent voice and certainly
I was kind of going a little bit of that too.
I'm like, boy those bastards, da da da.
But at the same time it turns out, who knew that actually the leak came from the fact
that the person that runs that website is some type of contractor for EGM in Brazil.
So he actually did steal internal information, I guess ended up admitting to it.
So I don't know why he did that.
Wasn't smart.
Maybe he thought it was already out in America or something.
No, he just wanted to leak it.
No one wins here except for us.
That's right.
The users win because we got all that information.
We got three screenshots.
That's right, new screenshot.
But honestly, they didn't give you that much more.
It was all on the same stage still.
I think one was a fireball shot, which was kind of cool, but that was really it.
But some other information did come out.
And EGM is not happy about it because this is how they were going to sell their magazines this week.
The game will actually run at 60 frames per second.
The storyline takes place between Super Street Fighter II Turbo and Street Fighter III.
Lots of old school characters will return.
There's going to be two new female characters, but no characters from Street Fighter III.
So you kind of wonder if Capcom isn't just kind of writing off Street Fighter III in a way.
They should have brought that guy's name Oro back, but he can have both of his arms this time.
And then in Street Fighter IV, he loses the arms.
You know, continuity.
You never know.
Actually, I don't think that he lost his arm.
I think it's tied behind his back.
Whatever.
He had one arm.
That's all that matters to me.
I don't care if he's tied behind his back.
Whatever he wants to do with his severed limb is fine with me.
As most people speculated, the screenshots that you do see in the pictures floating around the Internet right now is Chun-Li's new stage.
The parry system that was in Street Fighter III, gone.
New system in place, it's called Saving Revenge, something like that.
Some new system is in place.
It's built around cancels, and there will be its own gauge that's separate from the super meter.
There are supers in the game.
Don't know if it's Street Fighter III's or Super Street Fighter II Turbos.
There's also ultras.
My God, there's lots of different types of moves.
Here's the other weird thing.
Shang-Long may actually be in the game.
But there's kind of a May, and we don't know if that's just a running gag from EGM,
because that was one of their first April Fools jokes years ago.
Back when I used to get that magazine delivered to my house, like 15 years ago.
Back when it was good.
Back in the day, certainly.
And rumor is, we will see Street Fighter IV in the arcades with online play,
also in the PlayStation 3 and 360, all of them online.
Wouldn't it be cool if the console versions interfaced with the arcade somehow?
Of course, then you kind of wonder why would anybody go to the arcade,
but community, and maybe there will be something special the arcade version has there.
If it did, it'd probably be only with the PlayStation 3 version,
since you've got Live, and Live isn't cross-platform, very easy.
Well, they've got Final Fantasy XI to work somehow, so it's possible.
Yeah, but see, Final Fantasy XI runs off the Square Enix servers,
because you're connecting to Play Online.
That's totally separate.
That's why you have to pay that stupid monthly fee.
So anyways, obviously take some of that stuff with a grain of salt,
in regards to Shang-Long and the online arcade stuff.
Take all that with a grain of salt.
But it does sound, as far as the rest of it, that it's pretty cemented.
I mean, the 60 frames a second and stuff, it sounds like it's going to be a winner.
So I have to say, I'm already a little more excited about Street Fighter IV
than I ever was about Street Fighter III.
It looks pretty good.
I like the art style in it.
I was kind of crossing my fingers that it'd be more like the trailer,
because that was really cool.
But the art style's okay.
I like what they're doing where it's 3D, but it's 2D type thing.
Some of the facial animations, though, that they had,
like some of the screenshots, a little weird.
It looks a little wonky, but I think it'll be fine.
Jamie, I know you've been a Street Fighter fan for ages and ages.
Are you happy about Street Fighter IV?
I'm reserving judgment until I actually play it.
Okay, so you're not letting the hype get to you at all?
Nope.
All right, fair enough.
I still think that it's only going to take a week before
a bunch of fighting game fans completely break the system.
If it is online?
Oh, not just online.
I mean, just the game itself.
That's all dedicated there.
They'll break any fighting game system.
Figure out how to cheat real quick?
We'll see.
We will see.
Anyway, let's move on to some more news.
Well, for the Xbox originals, they are, well, region locked.
You can't get past it.
Where the Japanese demos are working, the games themselves are not.
There's no such thing as can't.
That's what I say.
Just not now is what Loki is hoping for this.
But they got some extra games in Japan.
Well, not necessarily extra, but they got different games in Japan
than we got here, huh?
Here's the problem.
Go ahead. Sorry.
Well, they actually tested, for example, with Magatama.
They said that they got a message that said the download was not
available in your region.
Well, I think it's because it's either looking at one or two things.
It's either looking at the region of your console, which case,
yeah, you're kind of screwed then.
Or it's looking at the region of your IP.
If that's the case, you could probably just route your IP through
like a mirror, say somewhere overseas, and it might work.
But I'm guessing it's looking at the region of your console
because that would make more sense.
But it's weird, though.
It just won't let you download it whatsoever.
Who cares?
It's a fucking Xbox game.
Seriously.
I mean, if you...
I don't know.
It's an Xbox game.
Do you really need to download it?
It's old.
Play something new.
I don't know.
I'm noticing that because of the old Xbox games coming back,
I've had a lot of friends tell me the Indigo Prophecy,
kind of a game that may have been, I don't want to say overlooked
because it certainly had its fans, but overlooked by many
is kind of getting a little bit of a resurgence with this.
And I've had people actually send me messages on Xbox Live
going, dude, you need to check out Indigo Prophecy
if you haven't already played it before.
It's kind of fun.
Go buy it in the stores, people.
It's probably cheaper than buying it online.
Seriously.
And then you get the disk and maybe a manual.
I mean, instead of having to read a PDF file online,
just go look.
This stuff is so old, it's probably dirt cheap by now.
I guess there's one way to find out.
You've got to go out there and shop.
Oh, you want to hear something funny?
What is it?
Ha ha ha.
Shut up.
Anyways, Katamari Damacy.
That game, when it came out, that was like a $20 game, wasn't it?
The original one on PlayStation 2?
Yeah.
That was a budget game, $19.99.
$20 game.
It's only used at GameStop for 30 bucks.
I'm like, 10 bucks over retail, and it's used.
Right.
But that's because they don't make it retail anymore, right?
It doesn't matter, though.
It should still be cheap.
Well, what about, okay, what about, like, frickin' old-ass PlayStation 1 games?
Like, for the longest time, Intelligent Cube, they were charging an arm and a leg for.
Symphony of the Night, before it was out on Xbox Live, they were charging...
I didn't think Katamari, the first one, had a really high demand for it.
And, like, Street Fighter, was it Marvel vs. Street Fighter 2?
That's going for, you know, quite a bit.
Or Marvel vs. Capcom 2.
But, um, I didn't think Katamari was, like, you know, going to bring in a demand of $10
over retail.
Especially used.
Well, uh, let's go ahead and move on with the news.
Anyways, there's yet another stupid lawsuit that goes with Halo 3.
It's like, Halo 3, more stupid lawsuits.
This time, some dumb shit is complaining that there's not a lot of, um, there's some pixels
missing, apparently.
Because, apparently, uh, Halo 3, you know, has upscaled 640p, I guess, is missing 80
pixels, and they explain why they did that and stuff.
So now they're suing because it's not truly 720p.
And they're saying it's false advertising.
What?
For real?
This verse is for real?
That's sad, and, you know what, I heard about this, and I actually looked at the back of
the box, and on the back it just says, HDTV, you know, 720p, 1080i, 1080p.
It doesn't explicitly say, this game runs natively in these formats.
But what game does?
None of them do.
No, none of them.
And here's the thing, is I would say, okay, why don't you count the pixels that are on
your TV there?
720 of them?
Okay.
Shut up.
So they're trying to say it's false advertising because the game wasn't programmed in 720
or whatever.
Whatever, dude.
That is seriously a stupid complaint.
That's gonna get thrown out.
I hope so.
Well, all I know is that all these freaking Halo 3 lawsuits, god damn they make us mad,
and when we get mad, people die.
It is time for my annual Christmas FU.
It's a combination of everything about the holiday season that pisses me off.
So, and again, it's all pretty ridiculous, you know, I'm not attacking anybody, but first
of all, the people who over-decorate their houses that look like Christmas puked all
over their house, oh my god, learn what aesthetics are for.
Seriously, what about that tree?
This outside...
Did I not tell you that tree was hideous?
It's okay.
And Rob put it best when he told me about it at first, that the whole top part of the
tree is not lit because probably a light bulb burnt out.
There's this ginormous tree in front of a church, and it's like it's not wearing a top,
because a bulb burned out at the top of the tree.
This is what I think, though.
I don't think that's it.
I think they didn't, they just actually didn't decorate it, because there's different types
of lights.
There's a loop of white lights going around it, and then there's multicolored lights,
and then, and then that one, that place that had the Christmas crap everywhere.
I was like, oh my god, now I understand being into the season, and I understand having a
few lights, and you know, and that's cool.
I love to see things that are tastefully decorated.
Like, we have some tacky Christmas lights here in the studio.
That's cute.
You know, I can, like, the icicle lights are nice.
Maybe having a Santa in your front yard or decorating a tree in your front yard, but
like, this is the worst example ever, and it's one house that was in Mobile, Alabama,
that I saw right before, probably the year I moved out, and that was these people who
strung Christmas lights all over their yard, across their yard, in patches.
Their house freaking glowed, and I was like, and on top of it, they were all multicolored,
so it looked like that cut light just, like, throw up.
I'm not joking, and that originated the phrase Christmas threw up on that house.
I saw a very offensive house last night, and it was one of those houses where they had
the radio station playing, and you tune your car to a certain frequency on the radio, and
then you can, like, the lights flash in sync with the music, right?
Okay, but it's hideous, because if you don't have the radio station turned on, it just
looks like this house is randomly flashing all of their lights, like, and I swear to
God, I almost had a seizure driving.
The house is having a seizure.
I almost had a fucking seizure driving by that house.
It's not funny.
Like, seriously, somebody is going to crash into that house, and all the kids in that
house are going to be in a fire, because that house is going to cause somebody to have a
seizure.
And on top of that, imagine these people's freaking power bill, you know, but anyway,
and the other part, another part of my, um, my, uh, F.U. goes towards, um, people who
are thinking that Christmas is the actually only the celebration that happens around this
year, when there's a bunch of different religions that celebrate around the same, you know,
time every year, and that really Christmas should actually be in, like, spring, if you're,
if you're going by, quote, biblical standards, because the census would have happened in
the spring, and you guys stole a pagan holiday.
Thank you, Catholic Church, but, you know.
You can address those cards and letters to Jamie at Orange.
I'll show you that.
What about the people that have the big inflatable snow globes in their front lawn?
You gotta love that shit, huh?
Okay, I don't mind one, but I drove by a house that had three, and a giant inflatable Santa,
whose legs were broken, so he was laying on his nose.
This is in my neighborhood.
That's a prime target for a BB gun drive.
Someone broke Santa's legs?
That's not very nice.
Someone broke Santa's legs.
Santa gives a mobster his present this year.
But, but no, I, there's just, you know, I, I really, it's the whole over-commercialism
of everything, and the, the fact that people get so close-minded, okay, here's part three
of my Christmas F.U.
Oh, Christ.
Drivers!
Because I can't do an F.U. without bringing up how stupidly mean people get during the
holidays!
Okay, I, I went to buy something at the store, and this person's pushing past me, buying
their Christmas tree, and I'm like, I was in line for-
AHHH!
I'm like, shit!
And then, and then everybody drives, like, a freakin' retard on the road, because they
have to get to the mall, ooh.
And it's just like, okay, what happened to the whole, you know, being nice to everybody
during the holidays, and trying to, to share the spirit and everything, because people
don't give a shit about the Christmas spirit, they care about their own personal agenda.
You know, maybe there should be more ball shootings, if that were the case.
Whoa!
Whoa!
I wouldn't go there, wow, too soon, too soon.
No, no, no, no, but, but this is the whole thing, is that, you know, people are, you
know, and I'm getting this from the same people, where they're all like, oh, well, you know,
holiday this, you know, have to be nice, baby Jesus, whatever, and then these same people
are being complete and utter assholes, and I'm, I'm not even, you know, making this up,
I'm seeing people that I know do this, and I'm like, God, what a freakin' hypocrite, you
know?
Just, don't open your mouth around me ever again.
Alright, quick chatroom comments, this is J100Matt, says, apparently the higher your
energy bill, the more Jesus and God love you.
That's brilliant.
Alright, let's move on with the FUs.
Anyways, FU2, the kids across the street from my apartment complex were having car wash
today.
They started at about nine this morning, yelling, oh, by the way, there was also one of those
cars, you know, the ones that have the sound systems that are way too loud with way too
much bass, that was playing from nine in the morning to about five in the afternoon, and
these kids yelling, car wash, car wash, car wash, for like seven fucking hours, I mean,
it's just so annoying all day long.
Oh, and then also, FU2, my neighbors who apparently thought it was fun to have a party at four
in the morning with their drunken friends who were riding a bike that some kid left
outside and you're honking the horn on the bike, so no.
Wow, you live in a classy part of town, that sucks.
That's it.
Uh, puppy, why don't you go ahead.
Big FU to ITT Technical Institute and your terrible scheduling policies, because I tried,
I started my program for drafting last year.
I should have been done by now, but I'm not going to graduate until six months from now
because when I change my schedule once, it can really fuck me up for the rest of the
year.
It's like, oh yeah, we'll get a teacher to teach that one class for you since you didn't
get to finish it in that quarter, and they didn't offer it for three more quarters, so
now I'm really behind, and it's going to cost me more money, and I'm pissed, and now I have
to take four classes this quarter.
Um, well, I don't think I really have any FUs myself, um, I'm actually kind of having
a good week, so I guess FU to the fact that it's been so cold lately, I'll give a FU that,
my house has been very cold lately, and, um, you know, since we live in California, we're
very spoiled when it comes to cold, and just the slightest bit of cold air, it's like,
oh my god, get a jacket, FU to magazine solicitors too, I had three of them on my door this week.
Somebody came to my door last night, and I told him that I had the flu, and that I was
highly contagious, and he really should leave.
I'm not making that up either, he's great.
He just looked at me like, okay, bye.
Wow.
I should have thought of that.
Around in this neighborhood, they just have the kids do all this listing, because it's
kind of hard to tell a kid that, you know, you're going to give them bubonic plague if
they don't get off your doorstep.
Or you just, you know, open your door wearing nothing but a towel.
I still, though, have my favorite story about my friend with the Jehovah's Witnesses, while
she was listening to Tubular Bells, making a red velvet cake, so she came out with this
knife with, like, red fluid on it, and said, WHAT?
This is my friend that used to work for Lockheed.
Alright, let's move on.
We gotta get back to gaming news, weirdos.
Alright, oh, and what a heck of a story to get back into.
Yes, our buddy Jeff Girtzman, which took up about an hour of last week's show.
We have some quick updates, and I don't want to spend too much time talking in this, because
I'll be goddamn if this story just didn't blow up way more than it should have.
You gotta fire it, get over it.
Yeah, exactly.
Anyhow.
Was it that crap you were talking about?
Yeah, I was trying to catch Jamie up on what happened when she was out, so anyhow, here's
your updates.
I should have some music that plays during this.
Hold on, I need music.
Jamie, why don't you give us your thoughts on the issue while we get some happy music
to play during the Girtzman update.
Happy music?
Should we play some Lincoln Park?
There's too much fun in this.
Oh, it's too bad that I don't have the song from End of Evangelion, the happy suicide
song.
Alright, hold on.
We'll play some happy music here while we give you the Jeff Girtzman update.
I agree too, and stars.
Oh yeah, I got it.
Alright.
This week in Girtzmanville, Girtzman made a comment to Joystick.com.
Saying, quote, I stand behind my work, regardless of where I do it.
If there was content that I felt I couldn't support, it wouldn't see the light of day.
Then later on, this week, GameSpot posted a Q&A.
Here's a clip from the Q&A, question, was Eidos Interactive upset by the game's review?
Answer, it has been confirmed that Eidos representatives expressed their displeasure to their appropriate
contacts at GameSpot, but not to editorial directly.
It was not the first time a publisher has voiced disappointment with the game review,
and it won't be the last.
However, it is strict GameSpot policy never to let any such feelings result in a review
score to be altered or a video review to be pulled.
Also, I'd like to quote Mr. Horse from Eidos.
He said, no, sir, I do not like it.
In response to the GameSpot Q&A, the users of GameSpot said, thank you, you assholes,
for posting that a whole four days late.
Then later on this week, as if no more could go wrong with Kane and Lynch, the review site
got criticized by, I'm sorry, the reviews got criticized by Kotaku.
They were posting clips of reviews.
One of the clips happened to be from Kotaku, and it had a five-star logo above the review,
which makes you think, five-star review.
But in fact, the five stars were just a graphic, and Kotaku was pissed off because they don't
review games in stars.
They don't review games, period.
So that's from a preview of the game.
And that's your update on what's going on in Gertsmanville.
And to be honest, I don't really care anymore.
Now, stop caring.
I'm stopped.
Hey, Rob?
Yes.
I didn't care in the first place.
I'm glad to hear it.
That's because you're all better people than I.
That's because I wasn't here, thank God.
All right.
Let's move on, then, past Gershman Gate, if we could.
Well, I have something that's a little happy, except that I think that it was already there.
There's a press release come out from Gravity that they've opened a US studio under the
name of L5 Games, and they've hired Blizzard folks to help run it.
But the thing is that, now, since it's in San Mateo, but I actually remember trying
to report Gravity to the Better Business Bureau.
The fuck?
When I was still on IRO because of some sort of banning of an account that was falsely
done.
This was a long time ago.
But I was trying to find the stuff for somebody to report them to the Better Business Bureau,
and it turned out that every time I tried to pull up the address for them, it came up
with a San Mateo address.
But this was like six years ago that this address was there.
So I'm like, didn't they already have a US branch?
Well, apparently the company didn't know.
That's why they put out the press release.
Maybe they just had a PO box there.
Oh, my God, we do?
We should let everyone know.
They had a mailboxes, et cetera, box there in San Mateo.
That's about it.
What was the Better Business Bureau going to do to them anyways, write them a nasty
letter?
Well, you know, buy-write got shut down.
True.
And it was pretty much because of all the crappy feedback that came back.
That's why we have the Better Business Bureau.
They just supply feedback.
Gravity's just coming over to the US.
I got free food because I reported a restaurant to the Better Business Bureau.
They're going to increase their presence in the US so that Gravity can single-handedly
take on Activision Blizzard.
That's what it is, right?
Good luck.
All right.
I'll stick with my private servers.
Thank you.
Anyways, let's see here.
Sometimes you might compare Gravity to Sucking.
There's service and stuff, so well, here's something else that sucks or that probably
will suck.
The Castlevania movie.
And yeah, okay, let me put it this way, and this will save us a lot of time in the future.
Every single movie that's probably being written right now is on hold because of the writer's
strike.
Because you have no writer, you can't have any story being written.
So like that, the Castlevania movie is on hold because of the writer's strike.
Not that it's on hold from Sucking, I guess, I don't know, it's like slowing down a retard
running towards a cliff or something like that, I mean, as soon as you let go of them,
they're just going to topple over the end.
Wow!
What in the hell is, like, is there something in the air that's causing everybody to make
very, very unpolitically correct statements tonight?
I mean, what the hell?
We're going to get lots of letters this week.
Where have you been for the last, you know, 300 and some episodes?
I don't know, in a cave.
Or 200 and some episodes.
What episode are we on?
250?
259!
I've been doing 100 more episodes, Sam!
I've been working way too damn hard, not recording one of them, but you know what?
I do it for practice.
Okay, I was going to make some joke about somebody actually writes those video game
movies, but anyway, I totally lost it amongst Loki's high sense of sarcasm.
So why don't we spoil the VGAs, which are going on right now on the TV.
Yes, did you know we're competing against the VGAs tonight, our live stream?
So here, why don't we ruin it for you?
BioShock won Game of the Year, Harmonix got Studio of the Year, Best Shooter, Call of
Duty 4, Modern Warfare, Best RPG, Mass Effect, Best Military Game, Call of Duty 4, Best Individual
Sports Game, Skate, Best Handheld Game, Legend of Zelda, Phantom Hourglass, Best Graphics,
Genesis, Best Game Based on a Movie or TV Show, Simpsons Game, Best Rhythm Game, Rock
Band, Best Driving Game, Dirt, Best Action Game, Super Mario Galaxy, Best Team Sports
Games, Madden NFL OA, Best Soundtrack, Rock Band, Breakthrough Technology, The Orange
Box, Portal, Best Xbox 360 Game, BioShock, Best Wii Game, Super Mario Galaxy, Best Playstation
3 Game, Ratchet and Clank Future, Tools of Destruction, Best PC Game, The Orange Box,
Best Original Score, BioShock, Best Multiplayer Game, Halo 3, and wait for it, the category
you've all been wanting to hear about, Most Addictive Video Game Fueled by Do, Halo 3.
Sponsored by Do.
Although I think that was just a joke, actually, yeah.
So there, we just did you a favor and saved you from sitting through three hours of garbage
advertisements and musical performances.
There you have it.
You can send us the thank you cards, you can send us Christmas cards.
We'll play Devil's Advocate here and not to pull you away from listening to our wonderful
show, but they are going to have a new trailer for Borderlands, which looks pretty awesome.
It'll be on YouTube tomorrow.
But it looks awesome!
I want to see it now.
It'll look awesome tomorrow on YouTube.
Well, going on a tangent with Spike TV, yesterday I was watching a marathon of one of their
reality shows because I was bored.
Cheaters?
No, it was the Ultimate Fighter.
It was leading up to their finale UFC thing last night.
For eight straight hours, there was nothing but teasing about, oh, we're going to show
the cinematic opening to World of Warcraft during the UFC event.
And it was the original opening from, you know, three years, it's three years old.
And they're going to show this on live TV at a UFC event.
I couldn't, I couldn't think of a worse audience to target that at.
Chad Compton for the new expansion.
No, it was the original cinematic opening to the World of Warcraft, it wasn't Burning
Crusade.
Comment from Chad, Dark Tetsuya said, the Spike Video Game Awards have been sponsored
by Harmonix, 2K Games, EA Sports, it's in the game, and by Mountain Dew, do the Dew.
So in stuff that people actually care about, how about Silent Hill News?
Ah, yes.
Yes please.
Silent Hill 5 News?
Well, more like Silent Hill Origins.
Ah, okay.
They're talking about it having a PlayStation 2 port.
Oh, that'll be kind of fun.
Yeah, that'll be pretty cool.
They're saying that it would, it's actually of course being, I think published by Climax.
And they would also be presenting a second release.
Hmm, that'll be kind of nice because Silent Hill is one of those games I can't really
get into on a handheld platform.
It's kind of something I need on a very large TV with all the lights out so I can cry like
a little girl when the monsters come out to eat me.
Yeah, but you see, all you have to do is just get one of those nice PSPs with the video
out and then you can play it on your TV.
Ah, that's true, but I don't have that because I'm not cool.
Well, the second thing that they're working on is actually an unannounced project.
Dun, dun, dun.
I hope they just announce it.
Was that it?
I don't think that was it.
Because if you announce an unannounced project, isn't that announcing the project?
How about an untitled project?
There you go.
Or I should say a secret project because it may have a title, we just don't know what
it is.
It's not secret anymore if you just talked about it.
Mac Man in our chat room says something interesting here.
Mac Man says Silent Hill 5 equals awesome and win and shit in my pants.
What kind of comment is that?
Gerardo Mo says Silent Hill needs to go steal all the VGAs.
Yes, I agree.
He said that Pyramid Head goes to Silent Hill.
Pyramid Head needs to come do an acceptance speech and then...
He'll make it with his big knife.
That's right.
To the entire front row.
And we'll have to wait until next year then, I guess.
Wouldn't that be a dream?
Anyways, people are up in arms because GameTap's removing games.
No.
Some games you will not be able to play on GameTap anymore include Arthur's First Grade,
Bionic Bunny's Good Deeds Contest.
Okay, now hold the fuck up because there are actually some good games on that list, Loki.
Stop being such a dick.
I think one of the Civilization games is on there.
No.
I know there's games on there.
Impossible Mission was on there.
Oh, Impossible Mission.
Oh, my mistake.
That game's cool.
Just shut your mouth.
Anyways, yes, such wonderful games as Chip's Challenge.
Does anyone remember that from Windows 3.1?
Command & Conquer.
Okay, that was a pretty good game.
Command & Conquer Red Alert, Descent, 2, 3, and Free Space.
Oh, all the Ultima games are going offline.
Earthworm Jim.
Ultima's awesome.
Earthworm Jim 2.
Earthworm Jim 3D.
Free Space 2.
Impossible Mission 2.
Woo-hoo.
MDK.
Pretty good.
See Jerk.
Whatever.
You know, and then other games like Pajama Sam.
Life is rough when you lose stuff.
Oh.
Okay.
Or Pajama Sam, you are what you eat from your head to your feet.
Pajama Sam.
Games to play on any day.
Alright.
Obviously, though, it's kind of sad because some of those games, like even you admit MDK
and some of that stuff is kind of cool, the service is losing, and a lot of people are
like, oh noes, why is GameTap deleting games?
But I think the answer is probably just as simple as time's up.
You know, they probably have these signed agreements.
Their licensing's up with that, you know.
This will also make someone sad.
American Deer Hunting 2000.
Okay.
Aren't all the games that are being pulled, like most of them come from one or two different
companies, right?
Like EA is one of them, and there's, I think, another one.
And I think this probably just kind of screams that, hmm, EA is probably going to do their
own thing, or EA is going to be signing a deal with somebody else soon where they're
getting more money.
Like some of the sim games are leaving, like Sim Toons, I didn't even realize there was
a Sim Toons, Sim Tower, Sim Safari, Sim Park, Sim City 2000, Sim City Classic, Tetris, C.
There's some good stuff leaving.
Whatever.
Seriously, it's like Winter Games.
Alright.
Well, we'll see what happens.
Who knows?
Maybe they'll be starting their own competing service soon, or maybe it's somebody else.
Damn it!
What?
Putt Putt's One Stop Fun Shop is gone!
What am I going to play now?
Also I want to say, it kind of sucks for them because they just had this big brouhaha over
hooray, we hit our 1,000th game, and now losing these 70 games is going to put them back under
1,000.
So I think it would be funny if in January they say, we hit our 1,000th game again!
They should.
That would be hilarious.
Anyhow, let's wrap up part A of our show here.
We're going to be back in a little bit with part B, but not before we do the Classic Game
of the Week, because we always like to close off part A of our show by paying respects
to our elders, and we do that by bringing up the Classic Game of the Week.
Dark Soccer, did you hear the old shows and hear the games that Loki and myself picked?
You heard mine, but did you hear what Loki picked?
Loki did Zombies Ate My Neighbors last week.
That game is great.
I was almost going to pick that one.
Almost!
I was looking at it.
Well now he beat you to it.
So what are you going to do?
I have another game.
Alright, well alright.
Me and five other people played.
Alright, then let's get into Dark Soccer's Game of the Week.
The game of the week is Threads of Faith, which was a Playstation RPG, but it was more
like an adventure-basher-type game in Japan.
It was called Do Prism, and you did one of two stories where you either played this sort
of spoiled brat princess who has magic ability, or you played this guy who was a construct
and his, you know, big fat axe, and it's really, it actually had pretty good graphics for being
an old Playstation game.
It was really simple for how it played, but it was really fun.
And I actually tried to play, I actually started playing through Do Prism, and then when Threads
of Faith came out, I had to just go out and get it, so, and I actually found my copy of
it the other day, which made me think about it.
It was just a really cool little game, and it had its own pretty good following overseas
too, to the point where there was a fan version of a sequel called Duo Princess, where you
play as the Princess Mint and her sister Maya, so it was pretty good.
I really just love this game, but, you know, it came out the same time that Vagrant Story,
Legend of Mana, Chrono Cross, and Parasite II came out, so it sort of fell to the sidelines,
I guess, but I liked it.
I thought it was a great game.
So you're bringing it back for another round by reminding people of it.
I wanted that more than Chrono Cross, I'll put it that way.
Yeah, Chrono Cross wasn't that great for me, yeah, but, very cool, alright, so your Game
of the Week.
And it's more Squeenix good, or more, it was actually just Squaresoft at the time.
The Game of the Week, Do Prism, also known as, what was it, Threads of Fate, Threads
of Fate.
I did not play this game, but I should.
You can borrow my copy.
Because I played some of those other games you mentioned that came out, wasn't that also
the same time that horrible, horrible Mana game came out on PSP, it wasn't, that was
Legend of Mana.
Legend of Mana, oh god, that game was awful.
I hated Legend of Mana.
I have the Japanese version of Legend of Mana, and I was like, too much text!
I read 30 Kanji, I can't read this game.
Now we're going to take a quick break, and we're going to come back in a little bit with
more of Orange Laundrio, for those of you guys on the podcast, we'll be back in a couple
days.
For those of you guys listening live, we'll be back in a little bit, and Loki, for some
reason, appears to be hooking up the Nintendo Wii, I don't know what the hell this is going
to bring.
So we'll be back in a little bit with more of Orange Lounge Radio, yeah, so stay tuned.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights, and is podcasted to the world twice
a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
