Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio on this lovely Sunday evening, December the 16th of 2007.
In the last segment we had a bunch of fun news.
We gave out our inaugural Stupid Awards, so check that out in part A.
Also we talked a little bit about the Wii and those rain checks.
Talking about Activision and harmonics not being able to get along.
But that's all in part A.
We're going to kick off part B tonight with some Squeenix news.
Yes, Loki?
Yes.
In fact, I don't know if you might remember this video from a while ago.
Temptation Sonata had a very, very annoying song to it with this...
I kind of like this song.
I believe it was even a cage match pick at one time.
Anyways, you may remember that the video featured blatant rip-offs of scenes from Advent Children.
Well, apparently Squeenix won a case against them for plagiarism.
And to the tune of 16 million won, or $17,400.
I guess the one is pesos, apparently.
So, yeah.
Oh well.
$17,000.
That's not bad.
But the video was pretty cool.
I mean, I don't know if you saw it.
I've seen it.
It was neat.
She had two other good songs on the album, too.
It was neat because it was Advent Children, but other than that it was...
Here's a little clip of the song, which I know does not do very well for a radio that
we're looking at a little component of the video here in studio.
Actually, maybe we won't.
It doesn't want to play.
It's probably because operator plagiarized.
Oh, is it really?
I have the whole album.
Oh.
It's Ivy.
We don't have to take a look at that.
Oh, that's okay.
It's not that important.
It's track two on the album.
There we go.
Ah, it's just not even in the song yet.
Forget it.
Operator 11, our bandwidth screwed thanks to them.
Yeah, it's alright.
I'm not that worried about it because I want to talk more about this.
Forget Square Enix winning all this money from this poor Korean chick who's singing.
I mean, whatever happened at the same time?
Invitation is the finest form of flattery.
Have you ever heard that?
Well, if you imitate it so well that, yeah.
Alright, well, anyhow.
Final Fantasy IV is getting a sequel, and this to me is awesome news.
I am so happy because Final Fantasy IV is my favorite in the entire Final Fantasy series.
I know.
Say what you will.
Final Fantasy VII, rah rah rah.
Final Fantasy IX, rah rah rah.
There's always that back and forth.
I have a soft spot in my heart for Final Fantasy IV because it was really the first Final Fantasy
game I was just so sucked into start to finish the entire way.
The game is going to be called Final Fantasy IV The After Return to the Moon.
It is a true sequel to the game which originally came out in 1991.
And then, do you know how this just ruined my day?
It's coming out in February on mobile phones.
That's right.
The Final Fantasy IV sequel is a mobile phone game.
It's coming out on NTT Docomo phones.
We don't even have stuff this powerful over here in this country that can run this stuff.
Yeah, we do.
They can run these type of games like they have in Japan?
We do, but they're expensive and they don't put anything out on them.
They've got them out over in Europe too.
It shouldn't be that big of a surprise because we've already heard about Parasite Eve III
and a Kingdom Hearts game coming over to mobile phone platforms.
But I don't want to play Final Fantasy IV on my mobile phone.
At least give me the freaking DS.
I was so angsty when I read this news earlier in the week.
I said, you know what, I know what segment I want to have follow this news story when we read it this week.
Privacy FUs of the week and Jamie's going to start us off.
My FU of the week goes towards the doctor that I saw who is not my regular doctor.
First of all, I'm not an idiot.
You can tell me what's freaking wrong.
You can tell me what you suspect to be wrong.
And, you know, I usually can follow what you're saying.
My doctor is great, okay?
If ever I remotely suspect anything is wrong or have an idea of what might be the cause.
You know me, I'll research the crap out of everything.
He listens to me and then he actually tests for the stuff that I suggest.
Which is how we found out, you know, found out how to treat chronic fatigue for me.
So that I could actually, you know, not pass out on a daily basis or be hurt or anything.
What happened is when I was in Alabama, and I don't know how I did it, but my right hand ring finger started, the tendon started to catch.
And I wouldn't be able to lift my finger in the morning unless I massaged it and got blood flowing.
And it was really inflamed along the tendon that goes down my palm, so I went to see this doctor.
And my regular doctor, I guess, was out for the holidays or something.
So, you know, he tested it and, you know, I had been icing it and doing all the right stuff.
But he said, okay, we're going to give you a cortisone shot.
I was like, what's actually wrong with it?
Oh, it's fine, we'll just do the shot.
And so he didn't tell me anything, so I actually, I got a cortisone shot in my hand.
And he wouldn't let me watch it either.
It pissed me off because I actually, I don't have the fear of needles that I used to, you know.
I give myself a shot in the leg twice a week.
I can stand watching a needle in my hand.
So he said he wouldn't do it until I, you know, would not watch him put the needle in.
I was like, dude, I'm not going to pass out.
And he's like, are you squeamish?
Are you going to pass out?
I'm like, no.
And so it took me looking up the symptoms myself and then looking up the treatments
to realize that he was treating me for trigger finger.
Which is funny because my grandma actually just had surgery on that one like about a month ago.
Runs in the family, right?
It's not hereditary.
Trigger finger has to do with inflammation of the tendons
and that it's slipping out of the tendon sheath that goes over the tendons.
Then it's just irony.
Yeah, it's coincidence.
However, I will go ahead and say that I am having a lot less pain in the hand.
It's going to be another few days before the cortisone takes full effect
and I start physical therapy next week.
So that's, you know, fun, but not.
So F.U. to doctors who do not communicate with their patients.
I'm going to go back and see my regular doctor.
Let's move on, Loki, your F.U.
Anyways, my F.U. of the week.
Not a big surprise to EVGA for giving me a card that's set on arrival.
For the other thing also, for the card being a gimp version of the normal card that should have been,
or the motherboard being a gimp version of that,
with no possible way for me to know what's going wrong when there is something going wrong.
So now I just have to kind of guess.
It'll be the last time I buy a motherboard from them
and it'll probably be the last time I buy a motherboard from Newegg as well
because they apparently are pawning off crap that's gimp versions of the real thing.
So, that sucks.
I'll buy from Fry's, so that way if it sucks and it's not working,
I can take it right back the next day or the same day,
instead of having to do this whole RMA process.
Alright, is that it?
That's it.
My F.U. of the week goes to Mondays.
I'll keep it short, I hate Mondays as do we all.
You know, Jamie, when you get that controlling time thing figured out,
can you figure out a way to do away with Mondays?
Maybe we should just give Monday a different name.
Fun Day!
But it would be the same thing.
No, I don't like that idea.
Mondays are horrible.
Alright, so that's it, that's my F.U. of the week.
Now we can get back into some gaming news, can't we?
Yes, we can.
Well, we have some news.
For our friends who are interested in GameTap,
we will be having Street Fighter III Third Strike as of December 20th.
No online play, but it's Street Fighter III Third Strike.
So, hey, that's good.
And on top of that, if you've got the Capcom joystick,
I think that they actually do have some compatibility with it through GameTap.
It's been a long time since I've used that service.
I was kind of sad about the games leaving,
and I guess they did some client upgrade.
I haven't even checked it out yet.
If I'm not playing it enough, I ought to just cancel the darn thing,
but there's still a lot about it I like.
We'll see.
Moving on with more news.
Yes.
Anyways, so, I don't know, this isn't really a big surprise for me,
but Mass Effect is selling very well.
In fact, they've sold millions.
Over the three weeks since launch,
they have sold over one million units globally,
and that should be pretty good, I guess.
I don't know. It's a good game.
I'd like to sell a million copies of anything.
That would be pretty good for business, I would think.
Millions of copies.
A lot of people would like certain other games to sell a million copies worldwide.
Like the Eye of Judgment?
Maybe.
Maybe they'll sell millions of movies on the Xbox Live Marketplace pretty soon,
because now it has expanded, finally, after all this time.
It's not just the North America-U.S.
It's just the U.S. really had the video marketplace before.
Now it's expanding to other parts of North America, including Canada,
and then overseas as well, the U.K., Ireland, France, and Germany
are all getting the Xbox Live Marketplace finally in their territories.
We would tell you more about what's on it,
but how many of you guys don't have Netflix accounts
or some other way of getting your movies?
No, I guess the Xbox Live Marketplace is pretty cool
for looking at high-def stuff on demand.
The Microsoft Points breakdown structure is very similar to what they have here in the U.S.,
but just translated for the other countries
when it comes to how much they pay for the Microsoft Points.
Well, there you have it.
Of course, some people might just kind of think,
why should I even bother with the video marketplace at all
now that the Xbox 360 has DIVX?
That's a very good question.
DIVX is special.
It's the right thing. You want to do the legal thing, right?
Right?
Chirp, chirp, chirp, chirp.
All right, more news.
All right, well, hey, guess what?
Assassin's Creed has sold a bunch.
They have sold 2.5 million copies globally,
and they've sold a whole bunch more than they thought it would.
They are hoping to reach 5 million by March 08.
And I still have yet to play the damn game.
I think I have it.
You can probably borrow mine.
Really?
Yeah.
I kind of want to play it before our year-end show,
because I hear a lot of people saying it's a great game
and deserves to be on year-end's best list.
So it won't make mine, though,
if I don't ever get a chance to play it.
So I may take you up on that, Jamie.
Did you play Assassin's Creed, Loki?
You talked about it.
Briefly.
You didn't like it, right?
No.
What was your problem with it?
I don't know.
I just didn't like how intricate it was.
The control scheme for it, I didn't care for.
I just really didn't get to play it much.
The thing was, it didn't really hook me, I guess.
I played it for a few minutes.
I was like, eh, I don't really want to give this any more time.
All right.
So I didn't.
Anyways, there's some interesting news coming out
from the company Gearbox.
And, of course, they have done stuff
like the brand new Brothers in Arms series.
Hell's Highway, actually, one of the titles
that keeps getting pushed back.
So one thing that they're looking for for some inspiration
is actually the game Portal.
Because most of their games, I think, in the past
have been pretty linear.
They like the way that Portal, the whole story layout
and stuff like that.
Hopefully, in the future, we'll see some more futuristic games
from Gearbox.
So that's pretty cool.
Now, you're a big fan of Portal, Jamie.
Yes, I am.
And do you believe that more games should
take inspiration from Portal?
I think so.
I mean, because, honestly, what they're doing
is taking, I actually have to say,
because also listening to some of the commentary in the game,
I think it was pretty cool that they were taking
different concepts in physics and trying
to incorporate them into the gameplay in a completely
different way.
Changing, instead of having puzzle here,
you don't necessarily think in height and width and depth.
You think in terms of manipulating that space
to your own ends.
And I think that that's pretty cool.
And it completely offers a completely different range
of freedom, I think, as far as how they can design a game.
Very cool.
I'm going to have to listen to that commentary stuff
sometime.
I think more games should have commentary tracks on it.
I think that's a pretty interesting idea.
Well, it's hard to have a commentary track in the game.
I like the way that Portal kind of did it,
where you just kind of go up to something
and then kind of play the game from there.
It had like a little chat box over it
that you could highlight with your gun.
And then it would play.
And it actually gave you a meter bar
so you see how far through the commentary you were
and you could pause it.
Huh.
That's pretty cool.
Well, of course, there are a lot of fans of Portal.
And I'm sure this is something that Jamie would want to get.
It's a plush companion cube.
That's right.
There is officially.
Now, you may have seen this, that there
was a lot of fan-made weighted companion cubes being made
and there was a lot of fan stuff.
Well, Valve actually decided to put their own version out
because I'm sure they're seeing what other people are doing
and they're like, hey, we need to get a piece of that.
So they put out official weighted companion cube
plushies.
And in less than 24 hours, the damn thing sold out.
That's how popular these things are.
I'm actually seeing if they still have the fuzzy dice.
They went on sale at 4 o'clock on Friday
and sold out by noon on Saturday.
That's crazy.
I guess they'll have to make more.
I just want the fuzzy dice.
These could be more popular than the Wii.
I just want the fuzzy dice.
You just want the fuzzy dice?
Are you actually going to hang them in your car?
Yes, I will because my Pac-Man dice are highly faded now.
Oh, that's too bad.
Well, then your weighted companion cubes will fade.
They'll burn up just like they do in the game.
Spoiler.
Oh, my bad.
You know what?
Dan was really funny about that part.
How so?
I think it's what I'd mentioned to you earlier.
Dan's like, yeah, it's very obvious that the character
you're playing is female because they expect you to get
all sappy and all sobby over your weighted companion
cube being dead.
It's a cube.
I was like, you don't get it.
You can also tell your main character's a woman
because in the very beginning of the game,
there's like a mirror.
And you see that your character has boobs, OMG boobs.
Well, he was joking.
If you look at her face, though, that could very well be a man.
It's pretty ugly.
He's actually modeled after some person.
She's a man, baby.
He was cracking up, though, over the part where you get out
after the 19th.
What is up with Chat?
Chat is on their like crazy kick where they're just now naming
all of these games, putting Portal in place of the titles
of the games.
Portal of Honor, Need for Portal, Portal of Duty,
Portal Combat, Super Smash Portal, Portal, Portal Paradise,
The King of Portal 11.
What the hell is wrong with you people?
It's the cocaine.
There's a lot of cocaine.
Have we been giving out cocaine in Chat?
Share, please.
No kidding.
All right.
Well, moving on to other gaming news then.
I don't want to.
You have to.
OK.
Lost Odyssey is supposed to, it's actually going to be out
on Xbox 360 as an exclusive RPG.
And it has a release date of February 12th.
And downloadable content will be on its way.
Aren't I supposed to be able to get download content for free
if I pre-order or something?
I thought I read something about that.
It's actually saying that downloadable content will be
made exclusive to anyone who pre-orders.
Oh.
Oh, so I don't get free download content.
I just get to, I get to pay more to have the download content
if I pre-order.
Oh, OK.
That would make more sense.
I would hope so.
Because they can use the codes and stuff, right?
Yeah.
They'll give you codes.
That's what I would think.
All right.
I don't know if you've heard much about this game yet.
Well, I didn't get very highly, or reviews weren't that great
on it in Japan.
The trailer looked really good.
It did.
But then I heard it's not doing, like it did not get very well
received over in Japan.
So that makes me a little less excited about it.
What's interesting though, which people might not know,
is it's on four DVDs.
Just like Blue Dragon was on three.
Wow.
Go DVDs.
Yay.
Can't fit all that space on there.
So sad.
This game must be epic.
It's very epic.
You know what, actually, sadly enough,
know what the game looked like, and that's not really a good point for it.
Kind of reminds me a little bit of, oh god, what is that game now?
I just had the name.
I don't know, you bought it.
It's like, not Phantasy Star.
99 Nights?
Not 99 Nights.
Enchanted Arms.
Oh, OK.
Yeah, that's not a good thing to be compared to.
Enchanted Arms wasn't horrible, it just wasn't great.
I don't know.
Anyways, so, the Mega Man 20th anniversary countdown apparently ends tonight.
And what exactly does that mean?
Well, who knows?
But there's going to be a big announcement, of course, coming soon.
Probably, I'd imagine, a new game.
Hopefully not another, like, oh surprise, it's a remake or another collection.
Mega Man Battle Network again.
Yay.
Yay.
How about Mega Man Legends 3?
Haven't you guys been hankering for some of that for a while?
Fuck yeah.
Of course, they're never going to give that to us.
Never say never.
Some theories might be that Mega Man's going to be announced as an official character in Super Smash Bros. Brawl,
which I would think that would be covered on the daily updates on their stupid website.
I think they would have done it already, if that was true.
I was seeing right now, if there's any sort of update here, other than, well, right now it just says,
I guess, four hours and four minutes?
I can't read Japanese, dammit.
But there's 0404, so either I got the wrong page,
which is entirely possible.
Happy birthday, Rockman.
Still looking like a chick.
RawstealUT says in response to the whole Mega Man Legends 3,
SkyCapcom can't do that.
That'd make Mega Man relevant again.
I guess that's true.
Jamie made a face at that comment.
What was that face about?
You made a face.
It was just a face.
Oh, I see.
It was an angry face, or it was a ger face.
It was a face.
I see.
All right.
Well, now I know this news ought to make Jamie happy.
This is something that will make Jamie very happy for Christmas.
But I don't know, maybe not.
Christmas Nights, you know, Jamie always talks about her annual tradition
of putting the Saturn back up and playing some Christmas Nights every year.
Well, maybe she won't have to anymore because it is going to be included
in the PlayStation 2 remake of Nights into Dreams for the PlayStation 2.
It's going to have Christmas Nights as well.
The bad news for Jamie, it's a Japan-only release,
so she's going to have to pay more money to import it.
Like, that's a bad thing at all.
I've got a Japanese PlayStation 2.
I do have to admit, remember they said they weren't really remaking the game?
Uh-huh.
The graphics do look a little bit sharper.
Well, they probably went back and undressed some things
and cleaned some things up.
To also make another point,
the Saturn did not have nearly the 3D capability that the PlayStation did.
And so being on the PlayStation 2,
one would think that it has a better 3D processor than the Saturn would.
So it would have to be cleaner textures and that type of thing.
Yeah, but true.
But then you also forget the fact that people like to slack off
when they port games over and they'll just port them exactly the same
for authentic purposes, you know?
I think even so, even if it was ported over just the same,
it still has better, it'd be better capable of processing it.
Now, Jamie, it's not going to be as simple, unfortunately,
as paying all the money to import the game
because not only are you going to have to do that,
but then you have to beat Nights into Dreams
and then you will unlock Christmas Dreams.
Tell me how that's hard.
I'm just saying, you've got to put a little bit of work into it.
You might have to lift a finger, Jamie, to get your Christmas Dreams.
You know the hardest thing about that is going to be playing
without getting motion sick
because Nights is another one of those games that makes me motion sick.
I got really sick playing Portal earlier.
Okay, Portal, right cake attorney.
Okay, no more Portal jokes.
Jesus, they are still going.
That's great.
Shut up.
Portal, right cake attorney.
I'm leaving chat so I don't have to read any more of that.
Lordy.
Chat room, you're banned from commenting on our program for a little bit
so you can calm down with the Portal stuff.
Portal combat.
If they could behave.
All right, we'll see if they can behave during our next segment,
the weekly mailbag segment.
Every week you send in your e-mails to mailbag at orangelaundry.com
and we pick a few of our favorites to read right here on the air.
And Jamie will read them and we'll compliment you or we'll make fun of you
or we'll answer your question or we'll sing a song and dance.
Who knows, it's unpredictable.
It's the mailbag segment.
Jamie, open up ye old mailbag and tell us what's in it this week.
I will be doing neither song nor dance, just to make a point of order.
But if you'd like to, you can dance to the song playing in the background.
Those of you playing along at home.
No, you can't.
I'll pop my head.
First e-mail.
From Riz, I guess is how it's pronounced.
Hi Rob, Jamie, and Matt.
This e-mail was constructed for a number of reasons which are detailed below.
I would first like to say what a pleasure listening to your podcast has been.
Oh, thank you.
I have enjoyed OOR since around March and have been greatly entertained
by their mix of news, banter, and general chaos.
I have been visually impaired since birth
but was able to play a number of video games when I was younger.
Due to a deterioration in my eyesight over the years,
the number of games I can play is now greatly reduced.
I still like to follow the rather hectic and frantic world of video games
and your podcast is perfect for that.
I have a question regarding music and podcasts which I would greatly appreciate an answer.
I've just started my own podcast and would like to know
am I able to use video game music for intros and outros?
Obviously, the podcast is free.
I apologize if this e-mail has gone too long.
Keep up the good work.
I find that most companies and stuff generally don't care
if you use video game music and stuff.
It's promotion for them.
What do they care?
I believe there's some type of fair use law out there or something
that as long as you limit it to 30 seconds, you're fine.
Nobody can really sue you over it.
Sure, the polite thing to do is ask and all that stuff,
but I think as long as you use it, especially the old stuff,
the old 8-Bit stuff which I know a lot of podcasts use for their openings and things,
nobody's really going to care.
I think it's fine.
Next e-mail.
I would like to thank Sky Dark Sakura and Loki
for hosting the best gaming podcast on the internet.
I just started listening a couple of weeks ago and already I'm hooked.
I've already been scouring the internet for all the episodes I can download.
I listen to them on my PSP.
More PSP listeners?
I said in part A. There were some. They do exist.
There's no better place for gaming news and humor.
One quick question though.
Is there anywhere I can download previous episodes?
The RSS feed only goes back a few episodes
and there's about 250 more I can't find.
Thanks and screw Rock Band for sucking so much online.
pkgr92
If you go to OLRPSP.com,
the parser over there actually goes back a few more episodes,
which if you're listening on your PSP, you've probably already done.
You can go back about 20 episodes there.
Otherwise, we keep, I think, some of the websites like
Yahoo Podcasts, I want to say.
What about iTunes?
Podcast Alley.
The one on iTunes only goes back 10 listings, which is about five episodes.
The reason for that is to prevent what happened a few years ago to some podcasts
is that this new application came out for the Xbox 360 called XB Stream.
It's a great idea and a great application.
We're actually a default podcast that's on it when you put this thing in.
But for the default podcast that we're on, the very first version of it,
what happened is that the program downloaded every single program from the feed,
which for people that never cleaned up their feeds,
meant their server was getting hammered for like 100 downloads of big shows at once.
So we keep our feed tidy for that reason,
so that if you use a grabber that does something like that
where it gets all episodes of a show, you're limited to 10.
That's pretty much the reason we do it.
We only do server cleans about once every few months when we need the space.
Otherwise, if you want to find shows older than that,
ask around the community, post on the forums.
I know there's one person out there that probably has every pre-podcast show we ever did.
I know there's at least one person out there that has that.
I don't even have that to put it in perspective.
I've asked and haven't heard anything.
I have a lot, and we might put out some DVDs out there,
but we can't do any big releases of it just because of some of the things.
We might have to do something kind of like under the table for the fans only
because there was some copyright music, so we can't really sell it for profit.
But anything's a possibility in the near future, so we'll see.
There's also a funny quote on here from Loki.
Sure.
Friendship is like peeing on yourself.
Everyone can see it, but only you get the warm feeling it brings.
Wow.
Yeah.
To Sky.
I was wondering why every time G4 is brought up on the show,
you moan and groan about how much you hate it.
I hate G4.
It isn't that bad in my opinion.
The shows such as Attack of the Show being my favorite,
X-Play, Cheat, and Ninja Warrior are all awesome.
I can understand that a lot of people wish that it were more like it used to be
when it was tech TV, but had a more gaming-oriented atmosphere to it.
Hell, I'm pissed that they took off icons and replaced it with crap like cheaters and cops.
But you shouldn't hate G4 completely.
It still has some great shows on it.
Thanks, Oscar.
PS, have you guys seen the zero punctuation gaming reviews?
Here's a link to the site.
Oh, I have to see this.
That's some funny shit.
Yeah, I watch it every week.
See, that's the kind of shit that G4 needs on television,
not the crap they have now that feels so, you know,
where the game reviews are written by interns and all this stuff.
X-Play is turned into a speck of what it used to be back when it was on tech TV.
It's just you pretty much named all the reasons right there in your e-mail.
It's nothing like it could have been with the whole tech TV merge and stuff,
and it just got too corporate and yucky, and it's owned by E, for God's sakes.
I mean, I don't know.
It's just everything that's kind of disturbing about corporate media
is kind of like embodied in G4, and that's why I just don't like it.
And I'm allowed not to like things.
Next e-mail.
Hi, guys.
Yes.
I know you don't normally read FUs from listeners,
but I was in a car accident yesterday, and I really wanted to vent somewhere.
Why not?
To the woman in the Jeep who tried to pass me by going onto the oncoming traffic
while I was making a U-turn at Big Fat FU.
This is on my last day of finals, and I was just about to go home from Davis,
and I am pissed off.
I'm going to have to agree with Loki.
The woman driver is in the sack area.
I can't drive for anything, except me.
That would be me.
Unfortunately, everyone is okay.
Although, my head slams into the car door during the impact.
The only part of this is that since I won't have a car for a while,
I'll be able to sit at home and play all the games I want over the break.
That being the case, what are your favorite games that came out this holiday season
on any console since I guess I'll be looking for something to pass the time?
Keep up the awesome show.
I need something to keep my spirits up.
What an awesome way to start the holidays.
Happy holidays, AZHP.
Portal.
I don't want to give it all away, because then I'd be basically giving you
my favorite games of the year.
But I will back up what Jamie said.
I think Orange Box in general is a very good investment.
Here's a thought, though.
Use this period, this opportunity.
I'm glad you have such a positive attitude about it,
because that really sucks what happened.
I'm glad you have a good attitude about it.
Instead of necessarily having to play everything new that comes out,
go back and play the shit you missed,
because I bet there's a lot of stuff that you missed towards the end of last year,
but amongst all the console madness.
It'll give you a great example for me.
Final Fantasy XII.
I did not get nearly as far in that game as I would have liked to,
because it was an amazing battle system in the game,
and I just never really got a chance to just play it the whole way through to completion.
That's one of those games I would like to complete one day when there's time.
So I would encourage you to actually take this opportunity to go revisit the past games
and beat stuff you haven't yet that you wanted to.
You can go to Deliverance Online and download Ragnarok Online
and play on the server with me and Ranma,
and join the OLR Guild on there.
Yeah, there you go.
Join an MMO.
That'll suck up all your time.
There you have it.
AZHP is actually in chat right now and says,
I just finished XII during finals week.
LOL.
How did you have time to beat a Final Fantasy game during finals?
Are you taking home ec?
What is up with that?
Wow, that's amazing.
Hey, Rob.
What, what?
I actually, one of my finals weeks,
I stayed up for three days and played D&D every night.
Oh, my God.
You guys are crazy.
I passed out on the fourth day.
I was kept alive by Jolt Cola and Pixie Sticks.
Loki, any recommendations for our listener
who's handicapped for Winter Break
for games to play while they're on Winter Break?
Well, Call of Duty 4 is pretty good, I guess.
Yeah, actually it is.
Halo 3.
Super Mario Galaxy.
I don't know.
You can play a ton of stuff.
There's tons of games out there.
Just play something you haven't played yet.
There you go.
RPGs.
There you go.
We'll bring you a Nintendo.
And you can play classic stuff.
You can play Guardian Legend.
That's right.
Go back and play every Saturn game you didn't play previously.
Dear God, I don't have enough room for that.
All right, anyhow.
I know what you should do.
Find me a copy of Burning Rangers.
Next email, please.
First of all, Merry early Christmas slash Happy Holidays.
I'm not sure if you're doing an episode for the 23rd,
and I don't think I can listen live on the 16th,
which, as of this writing, is today,
since I have a final exam the next day.
Oops, good luck on that.
This is from GS68, by the way.
Who happens to be in chat, by the way,
so I guess he found a way.
Yeah.
Second, there's one particular issue
that concerns me regarding fellow gamers.
On sites like Game Politics, Facebook,
and especially GameSpot,
there are gamers who are quick to get angry
and defensive about their games whenever Dr. Phil,
whose comment on the game usage, not games,
being a problem was, in my opinion,
a step in the right direction,
although many people who commented on the story
just saw the name Dr. Phil and immediately thought,
oh my God, it's Dr. Phil, he sucks yours.
JT censorship and school shootings show up.
In fact, I see comments along the lines of,
I hope JT gets his ass kicked so hard he goes sterile,
and worse, maybe Microsoft will hire a drifter and kill him.
It's rather ironic that there are gamers
who oppose the idea that video games
make people violent-minded
and then go on wishing death upon Jackie Pooh.
I dislike JT as much as the next gamer,
especially his reaction to gamers' email.
The Flowers for Jack project and its outcome are a prime example.
But what he, as gamers, need to realize
is that by personally attacking him back unprofessionally
and wishing physical injury or death upon him,
we are reinforcing his belief that violent video games
are bad for the mind and stooping to his level
of ad hominem attacks,
which is a whole different topic,
and I'll probably get into future emails,
Skype call, whatever.
Those kinds of personal attacks make us gamers
look bad in front of people supportive of video game censorship,
and if we need to get Sensible Worth Academy,
no, as if we need to get Sensible Worth Academy,
is this kind of defensiveness and immaturity
that also led to the creation of the otaku stereotype.
And I'm a gamer and an anime slash manga fan,
so facepalm.
And with all of that said,
I wish the three of you and any guests also in the studio
a great holiday. Don't die in a car fire.
Yours truly, GS68.
We'll try, thanks.
PS, are you three going to SAC Anime this January?
I'm hoping to go, and it would be great to see you guys there
since I didn't get a chance to go to last summer SAC Anime.
Oh, God, I didn't realize there was one in January, too.
I forgot about it.
We should try to do a panel.
I gotta get in touch with Jonas about that.
We'll try and go.
Not at 8 in the morning.
Nah, as long as we get a...
Not at 8 in the morning.
We're not going again if our panel's at 8 in the morning,
but if we can get something better, we'll go.
I probably won't cosplay unless it's my, um,
Organization 13 costume, so.
Uh, last email.
Dun dun dun.
From Cheeseburger.
Who signed it with a question mark?
I can ask Cheeseburger?
This is Cheeseburger.
Hey, OLR crew, I have been listening to your podcast
for almost a year and a half now, and I think it's great.
You're still with us? Cool.
That's cool.
I have also listened live and interacted in chat a few times, too.
The reason for this email is to ask Rob about Civilization 3,
which I purchased for my new computer on his recommendation.
What's your perspective on that game?
And I also chose Russia because I thought I could make nuclear weapons
and blow everything up.
The only other PC games I have are StarCraft and Black & White 2.
By the way, Loki's comment about having a washer and dryer
so he could now piss himself with joy was hilarious.
Another email comment, Olive Garden Home of the Never Ending Salads
was funny, too.
P.S. I think Rob is rad and Kmart sucks, LOLs.
I think Cheeseburgers are rad.
I like Cheeseburgers in Paradise.
As long as there's no mayonnaise on them, because mayonnaise is disgusting.
I like Cheeseburgers in Paradise.
What was the question? Civ 3, what is my perspective on Civ 3?
You don't have to be the Russians to build nuclear weapons.
Anybody builds nuclear weapons.
Hell, in the old school Civilization game,
I used to play as the Zulus or whatever, because they were green.
I liked green.
I used to play as them, and I would make nuclear weapons
and nuke the shit out of the Americans.
I always like to win by global domination.
Of course, there are multiple ways to win the game.
I think you get the most points for being the first person in space,
but that's not nearly as fun as global domination.
My favorite thing to do in Civilization is I like to treat everybody really nice.
I'm like, oh, sure, we'll trade with you.
Let's sign a peace treaty. Oh, we love you.
Then I will take a bunch of army units right outside their city,
and then I'll nuke the shit out of them.
We actually got one last email that we got last minute.
I'm going to read it.
It's not signed, so I'm just going to say it's from G. Davis, I guess.
Okay.
LLOLR, after listening to your guys' and Jamie's thoughts on DDR on last week's show,
I cannot help but feel like I need to say I completely agree.
DDR hasn't changed drastically since Sixth Mix.
However, Seventh Mix is my favorite mix and will always be smile face.
The thing that made DDR so much fun to play was the cheesy dance mania pop that was in it.
After seeing the list of licensed songs in the arcade version of Supernova 2,
I have to say that I am not excited for it because a lot of it is shitty mainstream music.
Linkin Park and DDR equals WTF.
The same goes for the home versions.
Most casual gamers I know think Guitar Hero is the best rhythm game because it has real songs in it,
and when they heard that the home version of Supernova 2 had Britney Spears, Gwen Stefani, and Justin Timberlake,
they said Guitar Hero had good real music.
However, they also said that Captain Jack Harchin here is most of the other dance mania tracks for some of their favorite songs in DDR.
I don't think this crappy mainstream pop is appealing to anyone except for 12-year-old girls.
Also, Rob, what innovations would you put in DDR because I've always been curious as to what they are.
One of my favorite things about DDR is the sheer simplicity of it so anybody could jump in and play.
I think too many changes might ruin that part of DDR.
Well, I've said this a million times on the show, but I know you might be a newer listener or what have you.
We've been doing the show a long time, so it feels like a million,
but I think the best way they could innovate DDR is that right now the way DDR is,
it has a lot of cooperative modes in the game.
There's a lot of cooperative dancing, a lot of cooperative.
I think the way for DDR to innovate is to make it more of a competitive game,
and that way tournaments can be based more around the competition element.
Now, yes, I understand there's Dance Magic in DDR Disney,
and I believe there was a mode similar to it in some of the later home versions that they did for DDR.
However, these versions have always been add-ons or tack-ons and not the focus of the game itself.
I think there ought to be some type of dance battle or something that the game could focus on,
to take in some ideas and innovating from that.
Maybe even in one-player mode you do battle against the computer.
Some of the games like Bust-A-Groove worked is that you were always battling somebody else
to see who was the better dancer.
And they did it better in the second one.
Yeah, and I think that could be a new direction for DDR where they could innovate,
yet keep the core element of the game stomping on arrows the same.
Second Mix had it.
Dance battle.
It wasn't quite the same, though.
It's a start, but it's not.
Those types of things have always been add-ons and not the focus of the game, if you know what I mean.
I still think there should be a single-player type of mode in there,
but I also agree about the music selections.
Having some of the mainstream stuff is nice,
but I think the dance mania stuff is always where it was at.
And a different drum, too.
Can't forget them.
But, boy, I really ruffled some feathers in my comments last week, though,
from some of the hardcore DDR people.
I've seen a few comments.
Unfortunately, I stand by what I said.
I know it's tough to hear, but...
Super DDR Fighter II Turbo.
It's time for DDR to innovate or go away.
I hate to say that, but...
God, it really pains me to say that, actually.
But if they're not going to innovate, I'm just not interested anymore.
They've got their market with those 12-year-old girls, though.
Hooray.
Well, they can enjoy it.
Yeah, really.
That's it.
All right.
Well, let's get back into some gaming news, then.
And we'll go to Loki.
Anyways.
So we talked about this before.
God's already had it for a while now, but we finally just got it in time for Christmas.
You'll be able to send virtual console games to friends on your friends list,
barring that you have their Wii friend code.
But you can gift wonderful virtual console games.
So I'm sure once Guardian Legend comes out,
you'll have 30 copies of Guardian Legend coming to you from all your friends.
I have no problem with this.
No word, though, and I haven't heard about this before.
What happens if you already have the game?
I guess you're just out of luck.
Perhaps.
I don't know.
Or, well...
No, I want to say I have heard that what happens if you already have the game
is that you actually can't send the game to your friend.
Like, when you try to gift it to them, it'll just bounce back and say,
you can't gift this because they already have it, or something along those lines.
Well, then.
I can't guarantee that, though, but I'm pretty sure that's what I read.
So there you go.
If you're interested in doing this, it's just like buying a normal virtual console game,
which is when you're about to pay for it.
It will ask you if it's for yourself or for someone else.
If it's for someone else, you just specify who, and they'll take care of the rest.
There are some things you can gift for free.
Like, you could send the photo channel version 1.1.
You could gift that to people, because even when you go in there,
I haven't tried it, but there's an option to either download or gift.
So if you're feeling cheap this Christmas, gift free things to your friends.
It's fun.
I like free.
I think you want to watch the Metroid channel.
The Metroid channel.
I would watch the Metroid channel if that were a real TV channel.
Well, there is a little bit of news for people who like stuff on their iPhone,
and I'm...
Is that like stuff on my cat?
No.
It's as in emulation.
They are in the beta state, well, near the beta stage, I should say,
for an iPhone PS1 emulator,
and it's called PSX number 4 iPhone emulator.
They're still working on it, but hopefully they'll have something out soon
for all of you who want to do it,
but their goal is to have it 75% compatible with all of the...
Well, I'd have to say, compatible with 75% of the list of PS1 games that are out.
So, hey, that'd be nice, but you know what?
I'm not going to download it unless something that Apple puts out.
RastoUT in chat says, unless you can plug a controller in the iPhone,
do not want...
Looking at the screen for this that they have on here,
and I'll go ahead and link that in the chat room,
they've got D-pads and your trigger buttons on the screen itself,
sort of running behind the game stuff itself,
so that still doesn't...
I don't think it's going to work, so...
I don't think that it'll be very playable.
The Nintendo one, I understand. It actually was okay.
The Nintendo one looks rad. If I had an iPhone, I'd do it, except for the fact that,
you know, then Apple will put the curse of death on my phone, probably.
Yeah, I don't want to brick my phone.
Well, exactly.
You already have the curse of death if you have an iPhone anyway, so...
Shut up.
I haven't had a single problem with mine.
Oh, shiz. All right, more news.
Less Apple debate, more news.
Anyways, let's see here.
There's going to be some new maps, apparently, for Team Fortress 2 coming,
as well as some more fixes, because you can't fix that game enough.
But that's kind of cool that they're having new maps, because I remember before,
they only had, like, what, three maps? So that kind of sucks.
But now, let's see here, they're talking about some different fixes
that they're going to be having, including several gameplay exploits,
plus other stuff to improve bandwidth usage and improve stats reporting,
and I guess some menu bugs.
I didn't really say, though, what the different levels are going to be yet,
but I'm sure we'll find that out soon, because I don't think it's officially been announced.
Oh, my God, I do want this.
What are you freaking out about over there, Dark Soccer?
I was looking at Valve's website, and they have Aperture Science cups,
and I do want one.
It's funny, because, like, all the passion she had for DDR at one time,
she now has for Portal. It's amazing.
You know what would be fucking awesome?
Like, you know how they have those stupid little light-sensored things,
like the stupid frogs and stuff that you walk in front of, and they ribbit at you and stuff?
They need one of those sentry guns or whatever, so when you walk past, it's all,
Hello, who's there?
And do all that stuff, and pop up, and we need to make that happen.
That'd be pretty sweet.
All right, well, I've got a couple of stories for you guys.
One thing I want to say is that the Word of the Year has been released by Miriam Webster,
and of course, Webster is the folks that make the dictionary, right?
Webster's Dictionary.
They have released their Word of the Year,
and the reason why this relates to gaming is that the Word of the Year is Woot.
That's right, W-0-0-T, Woot, is the Word of the Year.
I don't think I need to define what Woot means.
Most gamers know Woot is like a celebration thing,
and I'm just thinking, I always think about Woot.com, too, the store.
You know what they have?
This is going to be great business for them,
to be the guy that owns Woot.com right now.
The runner-up, by the way, was Facebook, but using it as a verb,
like you're going to Facebook somebody.
But I always thought saying you were going to MySpace somebody
was a more popular verb to use.
I'd just say friend somebody.
Really?
Yeah, I think that's a good thing to say.
Turn a noun into a verb.
Exactly.
All right, well, another story I've got for you guys real quick
is that Fall 2008 is now the rumored time that Killzone 2
and LittleBigPlanet are both supposed to be coming out.
This was from a recent post on 3Speech, which, as you know,
is the PlayStation blog.
I guess it's kind of their major Nelson-ish thing.
It's their semi-official official blog.
Semi-official, yeah.
Yeah, it's their blog.
We're totally independent, but we're owned by something.
Apparently, LittleBigPlanet and Killzone 2 are not coming out
until September or October next year.
That's a pretty big difference from early 2008,
which was the original time for LittleBigPlanet.
But then again, pushback should be no new news to Sony,
or really gaming in general.
It wouldn't be fair to pick on Sony in that department.
Hello, Super Smash Bros. Brawl, right?
Yeah.
But it just kind of sucks for sales because, again,
without really, really killer applications,
PlayStation 3s aren't going to move off-shells any faster.
Well, no, all the stuff that they're promising us,
you know, that was supposed to be coming out so people would buy these systems.
You know, I'm sure you've seen the trailers for,
like, the third-party stuff that they have for PlayStation 3 now,
where they're advertising Metal Gear Solid 4 like it's out right now,
even though it doesn't come out until, what, like, shit,
I don't even know if they have an official announcement.
A long time.
Yeah, probably, like, March-ish, so.
Quick clarifications from our chat room.
RasteelUT says three speeches Sony Europe,
Sony USA is PlayStation.blog.
Well, fine.
But it's still Sony, no matter what country you're in.
Well, if that's the case, then who knows, you know,
a little big planet in Killzone being delayed to, like, the fall, you know,
Europe's always getting the shaft.
That's true.
Europe always gets the shaft in that department,
but I don't know, even, that's a long shaft,
if they're not getting them until the end of the year,
and we're getting them at the beginning of the year.
Well, here's the thing I want to note.
I'm not sure if SingStar is already out now in Europe.
I know it's not here for the PlayStation 3 at least.
Maybe they're just having trouble with, like,
the network infrastructure or something like that,
because, you know, those things like Home, you know,
SingStar, this little big planet and stuff
that's going to have a lot of, like, you know,
network backend stuff is not coming out.
Is it sad that I kind of sort of want a PlayStation 3 for SingStar?
Yes, it is sad.
Seeing as there's countless versions for the PlayStation 2,
why the fuck do you need the PlayStation 3?
Because of the whole, like, I know my friends.
Oh, because you can upload videos to YouTube.
Yes, and I want to do that to my friends.
I want to upload videos, you know, to any other site.
It's just like uploading videos to YouTube.
Well, how about this?
Why don't you actually upload videos to YouTube?
Guess what? It's free to do that.
Instead of having to buy a game.
Oh, fine. Shut up.
Actually, it's...
Why don't you buy, you know, fucking SingStar right now,
because, hell, you get the microphones.
They work with the PlayStation 3.
Sephiroth1215 says,
Rob, just play Rock Band.
Ironically enough, I was playing Rock Band last night.
One of my friends was filming me,
and I wouldn't be surprised if that shit ended up on MySpace TV,
or YouTube, or any of that stuff,
but I hope not, because I look like an idiot when I play Rock Band.
Especially the singing.
I was horrible.
Horrible, because none of those songs are in my key.
I would just like to share.
I remember you singing something in karaoke
that was completely out of your key that you did, because I asked you to.
I got to interrupt the show real quick.
Fine.
But this is talking about Rock Band.
Irene doing sabotage.
Oh, my God.
I hope that's on video somewhere,
because that could possibly be funnier than the I'm staying in
that you did a long time ago.
That was so funny.
It was hard to play the drums and listen to that.
She's fucking hardcore. I love it.
Now, what were you going to say?
You sang Birdhouse in Your Soul for me.
I love that song.
Half of it's in my key.
All right.
You did a good job on it, I have to say.
But anyway.
We should go to karaoke again sometime.
Let's go, although I won't sing.
That's fine.
We can drink.
I hope that that one guy, though, who has that really, really good voice
that sang Always and Forever is there.
Let's go, and I can sing, and you can drink.
Okay, that means you drive.
Fair enough.
All right, moving on, news.
Okay.
Actually, this is sort of...
Well, it's old news if they're on your DeviantArt friends list,
but UdonKru has been working on new Street Fighter comics,
and they have been for quite some time.
In 2008, there's a Street Fighter II Turbo comic that is to be out,
and I really, really love the work that UdonKru has done on this.
They're also bringing out, though,
a lot of the different comics that are from overseas,
but they're also doing a Street Fighter Legends one
that's different focus comics on different ones.
They're also doing one for Street Fighter III.
They're also bringing out some of the other collections that came out overseas,
like they've been doing Sakura Ganbaru,
which I read a long time ago in scans,
but it's pretty cool.
All righty.
Pretty cool.
Yeah, you can also go on DeviantArt,
and you can add Udon to your friends list,
and I'll get the name in a sec.
All right.
Let's see here.
Now, there's some interesting news coming out about Grand Theft Auto IV.
They've rated it in Australia already, MA15+,
which is good for two reasons.
One, it's not going to be adults only over there, at least,
and I know a lot of games get banned in Australia.
Two, the fact that it's actually been rated, first off,
may indicate that it's actually coming out soon,
and possibly within the time frame that they had originally said,
which was April,
although the other thing, 3Speech, I believe,
said that Grand Theft Auto IV was coming out around the same time
as Killzone 2 and LittleBigPlanet,
so I hope that's not true.
I hope it's actually coming out before holiday 2008.
Go spring release.
Come on.
I need to play this game.
I found it, by the way.
What's that?
It's udoncrew.deviantart.com.
I heard it is.
I find a lot of their art wallets in progress, too.
Well, save the last minute stories.
That is going to do it for our news tonight,
and you know what that means.
It's time to open up the telephones
and let you guys have a say.
If you'd like to give us a call, it's 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
We've been doing the Skype thing for a long time.
Of course, Skype is a free program
that allows you to call us using your computer if you have a headset.
However, if you are going to use Skype,
I encourage you, if you've never called the show before,
please call ECHO123 on Skype first,
because that way you can test your connection,
and when you call us, you don't sound like shite.
But in the meantime, we have a call, and let's take that call.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
It's Ronbo. How are you guys doing tonight?
Good, Ronbo. How are you doing, my friend?
Good, good, good.
Last week I went to my final anime con of the year,
and I have some gaming stuffs for you.
Really? You got me stuffs?
Yeah, I mean, just some gaming information.
It's not much, because I was working the whole weekend,
because my roommate has a company now,
so I was helping him peddle his wares.
Cool. Well, what kind of stuffs?
Well, first off, I was talking to a couple of people
that were running the gaming room at New York Anime Fest,
and things were a little bit different.
They wanted to be different from normal gaming rooms,
so there was no Bimani there this year,
including no rock band or guitar hero or anything like that.
Good for them taking a stand, because honestly,
most of the people that go to those cons
have all that shit at home, don't they?
Pretty much.
So there you go.
They had more anime-based games and other RPGs and stuff,
but there were a couple of instances
that did happen in the gaming room from what I was told.
A DS got stolen with a game that was in development,
and some other guy tried to steal another DS,
but he got caught doing it.
Aw, you know that DS game in development's
going to be up on the internet any day now.
Probably you're already up there.
I don't even know which game it was.
Interesting.
Also, while I was there,
I was working for a couple other websites,
and one of my friends runs a site called Gaming Angels,
so I was running around getting pictures
of female cosplayers doing gaming stuffs.
I could tell you the most popular gaming cosplayers
pretty much was Yuna from Final Fantasy X and Final Fantasy X-2.
That's kind of not a surprise.
I've seen a lot of Yunas of all shapes and sizes at anime cons.
Pretty much.
Here's a picture I'm about to post in the chat room
of something interesting.
There's one girl I met who did Lolita Link for Legend of Zelda.
Lolita Link?
Yep, Lolita Link.
I just posted a link in the chat.
This I have to see.
Yeah, that was great.
That's interesting.
Yay, Slutty Link.
This next picture is for you.
Since this is horrible radio, when you send pictures,
describe for our listeners what you're sending.
The second picture is a person cosplaying night.
Nice.
I did see that one.
That's cute.
This next one is a picture of a prize that you probably enjoyed
when I sent it to your cell phone.
This is my friend dressed up as Pit from Smash Bros. Ball.
I got a random text message from Rama over the weekend
with a lady dressed as Pit.
That's hardcore, though.
I like that.
Good for her.
I hope she wants something.
I'm not sure, but I can always ask because she's a good friend of mine.
I know Jamie is a big fan of Silent Hill,
so I found the girl who did Pyramid Head.
That's cool, yeah.
The last two pictures, I got to say, are my personal favorites.
You like Final Fight?
Oh, yeah.
I've got almost every version that they put out at home.
Well, there's this guy walking around with a shirt that says,
I got OA on the front.
And on the back, it says, and I quote,
a turkey in every horror drum and a fist in every face.
Yes.
That was great.
That's great.
I like how it's just some dude wearing this shirt like,
yeah, I got my Haggar OA shirt.
A turkey in every oil drum and a fist in every face.
That's amazing.
I want that shirt.
He should market that.
Some other folks in chat are saying they want that shirt, too.
That shirt is fantastic.
Well, since the pictures are posted,
maybe I'll end up hearing from the guy.
I could find out more information about the shirt.
I have a feeling he made it himself, which is pretty damn cool.
You know, I was just thinking, you know, at Orange Lawns Radio,
we should open a t-shirt shop and not just sell official
Orange Lawns Radio t-shirts like finally,
but really funny gamer nerd shirts such as that.
Now, I mean, obviously we wouldn't steal that idea,
but we could come up with other things that are just as funny, right?
Like, we should get a shirt that says,
Rate Me Pyramid Head on it,
with a little chibi pyramid head on it.
I mean, I'd wear that in public, wouldn't you?
I definitely would.
See?
I ran across this shirt this weekend that said,
Mario, Luigi, oh, wait.
And by the way, patent pending on the Rate Me Pyramid Head shirt.
If you steal that idea, I'll sue you for a million dollars.
We have it. We have proof.
It's being recorded.
Exactly.
All right.
Well, Rahm, anything else you want to share with our listeners?
I'm glad to hear you had fun at the con.
I'm glad.
That's pretty much it, and we want the New York chapter of OLR.
I want you guys to come out to Anime Next,
and we're working with some friends to try to get you guys out here.
When is that?
I believe it's the first or second weekend of June.
They just announced their date.
Just in time for my birthday.
Hey, if you make it out for your birthday, we'll take you out.
I mean, I celebrate my birthday with you guys for fun,
and it's only fair, you know?
And speaking of which, are you coming back this year?
Because I do believe we were promised Rama in 08.
I thought I said 09.
I think it was 09.
Every other year.
I was trying to switch it up.
I'm sorry.
All right.
Have a good one, Rama.
Thanks for calling.
All right, you guys take care.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
DMN says Roberts and Summers in 08 would be the ticket.
I don't know what that leaves Loki to do.
Loki would have to be the official...
He'd be Secretary of State.
Well, he's court jester.
He is what he is.
He can be Speaker of the House.
Actually, he can be the pet at the White House, like Socks the Cat.
We have Loki.
I don't know.
Anyway, we've got another caller.
Jeremy!
All right, fine.
Jeremy is the official pet.
Let me get to the caller.
Hi, you're on Orange House Radio.
Who's this?
GS68.
Oh my God, GS68.
You've been on the show in many ways tonight.
Now you're calling us when you were already on the mailbag?
It's all good.
What's up?
First of all, I thought the ferret was the official pet of the caller.
Good point.
The ferret...
We don't know where the ferret is.
The ferret will not stab you in the face and in fact cannot speak.
The ferret is MIA.
And now we should sell shirts with ferrets on them.
And it's just a ferret.
Actually, I think I've seen that before.
Never mind, we can't do that.
I don't want to get sued.
What's on your mind?
Certainly you have something game-related.
Yeah, today I went to the GameStop Tournament Edition, which is what I like to call it.
Oh, you've been to the new place that we were talking about earlier in the program.
What was it like?
What was up with it?
First, there's a bottle of kiosks over there where you can play games and such.
Over in the house where you normally buy games and stuff, they also have a bunch of kiosks over there.
Now, did it look like a normal GameStop otherwise, with just a bunch of additional kiosks?
Well, actually, no, because they have this big stage where there's a whole bunch of gaming kiosks.
And I presume that's for tournaments and stuff.
Interesting.
I was going to ask about, was something going on?
Were they actually doing a tournament when you were there today, or was it just kind of open?
Actually, no.
It was a regular day.
So what did they do during the regular day?
Are they just open for people to play games for free?
Yeah, I guess.
Wow. That's kind of cool.
Yes, I was driving down to Stevens Creek, and what caught my attention was the subtitle under the GameStop logo by Barnes & Noble.
Where exactly is this GameStop located?
It's on the corner of San Tomas Expressway and Stevens Creek Boulevard in San Jose.
Oh, shit, I know where that is. That's funny.
Huh.
I might have to check that out at some point, because I go to, it's right next to the Barnes & Noble.
Yeah, I kind of know where that is. I go down that area quite often.
I go to Menlo Park almost every other week, so I might have to check that out. Very cool.
All right, well, anything else you want to share with our listeners after your trip today?
No.
All right, well, have a good one, and thanks for the first-hand report from being down there.
Thanks, you too.
All right, take care.
If you want to give us a call, 1-877-GAME-OLR. Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
Keep in mind that the 877 number is toll-free, but only for those folks in the U.S. and Canada.
I know we have listeners overseas. The 877 won't work for you, but you can use Skype.
Skype is international, and it's free.
While we wait for some calls, how about some last-minute stories? Anybody, last-minute story?
I like fire.
That's not news.
Well, there's apparently a possibility that an 18-plus version of No More Heroes may actually happen in the future for Europe,
so fear not. You may get your uncut version of the game.
There's a funny little Wiimote candy dispenser that's out there now.
If you go to candyaddict.com, you can buy a Wiimote candy dispenser.
Perfect gift for those kids who may not be able to get a Wii this Christmas.
Give them an IOU and a Wii candy dispenser.
What a shitty alternative.
Let's go to the phones. We have another call.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
Hello, this is RosteelUT.
Hello, RosteelUT. What is on your mind?
Hello.
Not much. I was just looking at the November NPDs a few days ago,
and it's pretty damn shocking to see how well some of these games have turned out.
Call of Duty 4 has just been ridiculous.
There's been a lot of sales.
The one thing that's been on my mind, and I mentioned this earlier in the chat,
is that it's great that the Wii is selling all this hardware,
but is it really growing a market?
You look at all these games that are found, there's a lot of good third-party games.
It's not like there's nothing on there, but it's like nothing is found on a market.
The thing that gets to me is are these people ever going to buy games,
or is it just going to be the same people buying the same four games over and over again?
I think there are a shitload of people that are buying the system just for Wii Sports,
because that's the game that Nintendo's been very good at getting out there
and creating a fad out of.
Think about the way most people think about video games in their mind.
A lot of folks don't even realize that this thing is a system capable of playing a multitude of games,
but the way that it's been marketed to the soccer moms and everything is,
as Wii Sports, get up and move your butt while you play games.
Play fake tennis and all that stuff.
They've done an amazing job in that regard.
The question is, I mentioned Zack and Wiki in the chat.
I mentioned more heroes.
Even Rayman 2 has been doing pretty well, but not anywhere near as good as the first one,
which was launch titles, and launch titles always have a lucky streak.
If all we're getting is people buying it for Wii Sports,
is it ever going to be anything more than just a toy, basically?
Is it ever going to be anything that anyone who actually wants more than one game is going to want to have?
I do, because I think Nintendo is going to try to make Wii Fit the next fad.
My gut tells me, the way Nintendo's been going with the market lately,
I think they are really going to try and make Wii Fit massive.
They're going to try and get it out there on the Today Show and on Oprah and all that shit,
and that's going to be their next thing that they're going to push and try to get in every home.
I expect Wii Fit to do well.
All these stupid little fitness products always do well.
The question I'm asking is, you see the 360s, and even the PS3 to some extent.
The PS3 has you good selling games this month.
Is it ever going to be whether Wii is a vibrant market,
or is it just going to continue to be hostile to everybody who was Nintendo?
That's the real question.
You mentioned, of course, movie games and all that,
but a lot of people don't even look at the movie games.
It's shocking.
Even traditional high-selling games.
I was talking to this guy a couple of weeks ago.
EA butted heads with Nintendo so they could put the 32 multiplayer online in Medal of Honor Heroes 2.
They had the Madden online for 08 where it works with EA Nation instead of the friend codes,
and they're not being rewarded.
The third parties are trying, some of them.
Of course, no more Heroes is a tragedy.
Has that even been released here yet?
It was released in Japan.
Kotaku had a piece on it a couple of weeks ago,
where Suda51 actually went to a huge game store in Akihabara.
Nobody went there.
He was going to go sign games.
They had piles of toilet paper that you could buy or get for free.
Yeah, they were giving the toilet paper away.
They had a model.
It was a big launch event and nobody came.
That just made me sad, really.
It's not just that game.
It's Zack and Wiki.
One of my favorite games, Mercury Meltdown Revolution.
I don't think that sold very well.
Look at the box art for that game.
That isn't something that really jumps out at you as something you should buy.
What, Zack and Wiki?
No, the Mercury Meltdown Revolution.
Yeah, Mercury Meltdown.
I could see you with Mercury Meltdown.
But Zack and Wiki, that screams family friendly.
It's a very adorable looking game.
It's not that hard.
Yeah, Capcom could have advertised it better, but given the ridiculous sales of this system,
you'd think that more games would just sell on accident, considering how many of these
systems there are.
One thing the NPD doesn't account for, though, that I'd be curious to know a little more
is the virtual console sales.
I bet that's doing crazy business that if we saw the numbers, we'd get sick over the
fact that how many games people might use a cheaper...
Well, Nintendo mentioned that they made $33 million on the virtual console, which isn't
bad, considering.
I mean, shit.
That's not bad at all.
I would be very interested, considering how much of a hassle it is with the Wii to get
online sometimes, at least with the wireless, I do not understand why they didn't have an
Ethernet port right there.
I don't understand that.
That $33 million is literally free money to them, is literally free money right out of
thin air.
Of course.
It's all old games.
I mean, granted, they have to write those manuals and do the QA testing and all that
stuff, but that's pennies compared to the bigger picture, you know what I mean?
I'm sure a skill programmer could do that in an hour.
That's my concern, because I have all three systems.
I want Nintendo to be successful, but I don't want a system that nobody's buying games for
eventually taking the rest of the industry down with it, because you see the trends.
You see more of these little minigame crap coming out, and personally, I don't blame
the third parties, because if they're not going to get big sales, they may as well go for
the quick buck.
But that could end up hurting the Wii after the Wii Sports fat is done or if the Wii Fit
doesn't work very well here.
Nintendo is riding on the real thin ground if they don't at least try to get the quality
control up and try to help people realize, hey, this thing has other games.
Mario Galaxy didn't do as well in Japan.
What the hell?
That is a little bit surprising.
I thought Mario Galaxy was going to do a million in a week, honestly, because it's Mario.
It's freaking Mario.
Anyways, I've been ranting too long, and I'm sure a whole lot of people want to get on
the line, so I'll see you next week, all right?
All right.
We've got to let you go anyway for time, but take care, buddy.
Thanks for the phone.
You're doing fine.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
All right.
I think that's actually going to do it for calls tonight, because we're running a little
bit long tonight, so we're going to go ahead and start to wrap up the program.
I do want to check and see if there's any more last-minute stories.
Yeah.
Let's see here real quick.
I was just going to mention a few things that were kind of funny.
There's actually a game coming out in Europe, and this is really sad, called MTV Fan Attack,
and it looks like you're a VJ running from fans, interesting, wonderful shit, and then
this will piss off my wife really bad.
Her big complaint, you remember, Rob, you probably remember her complaint about this,
the Golden Compass movie.
Apparently, the ending was not like the book.
There's a major scene that's cut out of the movie, not to give away any spoilers, but
I will.
Apparently, a kid gets killed or sacrificed to open a portal.
Hey, if that wasn't a portal, that would make the game even better, sacrificing bratty kids,
but apparently that footage, though, is in the game if you finish the game, so I will
have to show this to her tonight, and I'm sure a director's cut of the movie will be
in order.
Anything else from Last Minute News Tonight?
No, that's a Famitsu cover.
That's kind of funny for No More Heroes, and then they have a new wallpaper up on the No
More Heroes website, which this will now be my new wallpaper, if Rob would want to take
a look here with him charging his beam saber.
Dark Soccer, do you have anything last minute for us?
I like pie.
That's not a spoiler.
No.
All right.
Anyhow, let's go around and get final thoughts for our program, because we're going to wrap
this up and call it a week.
Loki, your final thought?
I hope we can fix my computer situation early.
I actually thought of something during the show that I need to check on, because my power
supply apparently has a turbo mode on it, and a normal mode.
The normal mode has the 12 volt rail broken up into four different rails, whereas turbo
has it on one, and I'm wondering if I maybe switch that if it'll work, although I still
think that the motherboard or graphics card is broken, so we'll see.
I get to play tons of games this week, taking Wednesday through Friday off to play games.
My final thought is I have a two and a half week vacation coming up.
I just have to get through one more week of work to get there, and I'm so excited, and
I'm going to play a lot of games too, and I'm going to work on Orange Lawn's radio stuffs,
which will be fun.
Jamie, your final thought?
I need to get Orange Box on PC so I can use the editor to put the Half-Life 2 maps in
Portal and use the Portal gun in Half-Life.
Fun.
You get to work on that.
All right.
Eventually.
Eventually.
All right, well, thank you very much for tuning into our program tonight and supporting independent
podcasting and independent radio.
We really appreciate it.
Remember, if you like our show, tell two people you know about the program.
That way, we slowly begin to take over the world as more and more people discover our
little program.
Remember, there will be no live show next week with us on December 23rd.
There will be something for the live listeners on the stream with some of our other OLR personalities,
but Dark Soccer and myself and Loki will have the night off.
So we will see you back on the podcast on December 30th for the year-end review show.
So see you then.
Bye-bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast program, visit our website at www.orangewoundradio.com.
See you next week.
