Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio.
Here on this New Year's Eve Eve, we are taping December 30, 2007.
We're doing our year-end special, and in the first half of tonight's program, part A, we recapped with some of our listeners.
We had Raven's Dolphin, we had Dark Knight, we had Xenocore.
They all called in to talk about January, February, March, April, May, and June.
We recapped those months.
We're going to be getting into the rest of the year very soon.
But first, let's open up the old mailbag.
Dark Soccer is going to be opening up the old mailbag and pulling out some of her favorite emails.
Do I gotta?
Yeah, you gotta.
Because even though usually during a special show we wouldn't do it since we weren't here last week,
the email's building up and we gotta clean some of them out.
I had to pick up a few.
Yeah, and unfortunately, I mean, I think there was just so many emails these past two weeks that you're just not going to be able to read them all.
So, Jamie's having to be choosy this week.
Sorry, folks.
So, let's open up the old mailbag.
Mailbag at www.orangeloungeradio.com, though, if you want to send it.
Even if we don't always respond to them on air, we read them all.
I go in there and I read them all every day.
There was one that had a lot of gratuitous uses of the word fuck, so I'm not reading it.
I see.
So, I'm only reading a few of these, okay?
First one is, hey guys, greetings and salutations from Dr. Noir from Mexico City.
I'll skip the praise because I obviously like your show a lot else I wouldn't be writing this.
I want to share with you an image that I'm sure will bring tears to many.
Some in anger, some in grief at seeing this many Wii units waiting for a lonely four home for this Christmas.
It's like watching a buffet and knowing people are famished elsewhere.
Anyway, keep it up and please reply with a postal address to send you your holiday gifts.
That'd be Rob.
Don't move that email out. Save it in there and I'll reply with the address.
Also, there's a PS.
Oh, okay.
The plural form of luchador is not luchadores, but luchadores.
With the last syllable pronounced S as in fez, the hat.
All right.
I did want to say speaking of gifts sent to us, one of our listeners, you'll love her,
Misty sent a little care package.
You can see up on the wall there's a Hello Kitty popsicle there.
This little penguin eye dog thing, which I thought was too cute, and lots of rice candy, which is my favorite.
I ate it.
She sent us some candy, but you eat it.
But I eat it.
Well, speaking of Misty, I'll go ahead and read her. She actually did ask about me talking about the Happy Suicide song.
And it's Thanatos from End of Evangelion is the one I was referring to.
The song that's just so freaking depressing.
Oh, I thought it was the whole end scene where they're dying. It was hilarious.
Oh, yeah.
But to read Misty's big email.
So I was listening to my old OLR episodes and got stuck for some reason on episode 242.
And that umbrella song that I ended up ripping from 249, but let's not go there right now, LOL.
Excuse me.
I guess what inspired me to write in again, well, this time anyway, was the short text message email that you read in this episode.
Plus, I do have a question.
I know I shouldn't necessarily be thinking this far ahead, but they said ASIN is my other addiction, aside from the station.
I know enough not to ask if there will be a panel, though that would be fucking rad.
So instead, I'll ask this. Currently, does anyone's schedule work out for ASIN?
It's May 16th through 18th this year, but I am to head up to Rosemont on the 15th.
Also, should I expect to see Chris there?
I didn't catch her last year. Feel free to insert lame Pokeman's jokes here.
But I really want to see her in Megsy.
Okay, I'll leave you alone for now. Sorry if there's a typo I missed, but my typing on the LG Envy still sucks a bit anyway. Heart misty.
I would think very much that Chris is going to be there, seeing as how she's relocating, because I get to go with her on the trip.
ASIN probably is not in my future, although a little bit more of my time in that year has been freed up.
So, I don't know. I would love to go, but...
I'm not saying no yet. Not likely right now, just due to the fact that I'm not going to have a lot of free time off work available, because I'm going to Mendocino in April.
But never say never, because I have found that flights from here to Chicago, there's actually a lot of direct flights from SAC to Chicago, so you never know.
And that's where ASIN's at, Chicago, right?
I do believe so.
So, maybe. And that's more favorable maybe than you might think, because, you know, why not? It might be fun.
Especially, I'll tell you what, that maybe is a hell of a lot more likely to become a yes, if we can somehow get in on getting a panel there or something.
Well, I've got other stuff planned in May, and I have to double check my schedule.
But I've wanted to go to ASIN now for a couple years, and I want to cosplay.
I need a new costume.
Probably all three of us won't make it, but at least maybe if one of the three of us can get out there. I don't know, Loki, trip to Chicago in your future?
Nope.
The wife won't let you go, will she?
Yep, I'm chained to the house, I'm like on house arrest.
Well, while I'm still single, I should probably travel, because the same thing is probably going to happen to me.
You should have read the fine print about her being afraid of the dark end of being alone.
But you love her, right?
Sure.
Alright.
She's been giving me crap today about my new computer.
Aw, sorry to hear it. You should never come between a man and his computer.
Well, see, now at my house it's the other way around, because I'm on my computer all the time, and Dan's playing video games.
See, that'd be awesome though, but you know, my wife doesn't play video games, and when she does, I can't leave the room, because I don't know why.
You need to petition PopCap to make a Bejeweled 3 fast to keep her busy.
That's only for a matter of minutes, and then she'll get bored with it.
We never did realize just how prophetic that t-shirt would be.
It's true, huh? Game over.
Alright, let's get to some more emails.
Okay.
Hey, O.L.R., I just wanted to get in my crappy story about the lack of Wii's in the world.
I live in Sarnia, Ontario, Canada, and at a specific department store whose name I will not mention, there is what you call a midnight madness sale where people will stay up to midnight trying to get the 15 minute only sales.
Well, in this particular store, the big grand prize draw was a chance to buy a Wii.
Not that one gets free or 50% off, but just to have a chance to purchase one.
I also heard about a guy in Australia purchasing one for $590.
Nintendo make more Wii's.
Keep the good work, O.L.R. PKJR 92.
The only way to make your PC go faster is to throw it out a window.
And I think what also probably unfortunately sucks for this person who is emailing us, thank you for the email by the way, is the fact that they do live in a pretty remote area of Canada.
And A, you're in Canada, which is kind of, even though a very important, very large country, is still outside of that trinity of Japan, United States, and the big Europe regions like Germany, France, and Britain basically.
Basically the big ones in Spain.
I'm not trying to leave anybody out, but I'm saying the ones where gaming is more prevalent there in Europe.
Canada kind of comes after that sometimes with some things like Rock Band we've seen.
So unfortunately sometimes they get the short end of the stick with the Wii shipments as well.
And Nintendo can only make so many of those.
My advice would be though, I don't remember if he said he was trying to get one or whatever, but online, because you know, you go to a place like Amazon, they're not going to care if you're in Canada or what have you.
A lot of that's the same for U.S. and Canada.
Unless you're buying toys from Amazon U.K.
But that is weird though about the whole raffle to get the opportunity to buy a Wii.
That is weird.
You know I have to order my U.K. toys from Amazon Canada.
Interesting.
Yes.
Just thought I'd share that with you.
ActDeft wanted to respond to something he heard in Dr. Noir's email, and that is that there are a lot of Wiis unsold in Mexico, but that's because it costs almost double than it costs in the U.S. because of import fees.
Everyone import them from Mexico.
There you go. If you want to pay more for it, you can get a Wii from Mexico.
That's how you could get it in remote Canada.
Ah, the bliss of disposable income, huh?
I guess.
So, moving on with email.
You guys talked about giving Zelda a hand job, but since she's the princess, call it what it is and Zelda gets fingered.
This is from Mark F.
I stand corrected. Thank you.
Sky talked about simple baseball games just to chime in.
Bases Loaded was way better than Baseball Stars.
Lies.
And the best slash easiest baseball game was simply Baseball for the NES.
Fun times.
Moving forward for Robert M.
People with your initial names.
Hello and hope you had a nice break.
Hopefully you've ironed out most of the bugs in your new studio.
I keep getting the podcast feed about a day late.
Really like the weird Al for the stupid awards.
And just a quick thought on the last show, you mentioned Facebook as a verb instead of using it in the sense of friending.
My friend went into, went more the head desk direction.
That is face booking.
Someone would literally entail hitting them in the face with a book.
Refreshing a witty comment relating online community sites and physical pain goes here.
You mean like every time I go to MySpace, I feel like I'm going to have an aneurysm.
Yep.
Actually your face meets a book.
That's face booking.
I like that.
I was wondering what your opinion would be on the massively multiplayer online sports game such as an NFL game where all 22 players could be controlled by online gamers.
Hard to coordinate?
Probably.
I'd like to see something like that.
I'd like to see how something like that would work.
Brilliant idea honestly.
I don't know why it's not out there.
People don't know how to work together.
Maybe, yeah.
It's partially that and partially probably that, you know, some people, you know, in a football team, you have your standout stars and then you have the other guys.
And who wants to be the other guys?
When you play a video game, you're trying to be something you're not.
I've been on the bench.
Well, that's why it would be like what was that game that my husband was playing, NFL Pro or something, where your team is all fantasy, you know.
It's some of the greatest players that you've had in sports history.
Or maybe just that, you know, maybe you pick from a pool of players.
Like your team is actually a really big team that you form with friends and then like so many of you play in matches.
I don't know.
That would be really hard to coordinate though.
People don't know how to work together.
I like the idea.
I like the concept.
The execution would be a little tricky of that, but I like your concept.
I don't think it can work with like a party of more than seven.
That's why, you know, it works in RPGs but not in sports.
I think they should do it in hockey so that like even if you aren't really controlling the puck, at least you can go beat somebody up.
You know a game I would like to see.
What?
Cube.
How about Blades of Steel 2, which by the way, original Blades of Steel came out on Virtual Console in the US last week.
Bless you.
Our Sakura's having a sneeze fit, so I will praise Blades of Steel a little more on the great, great hockey game it was on the NES.
Good times.
By the way, I used the Wii gifting feature this week.
Oh, you did?
Yes, I used the Wii gifting feature to send my friend in New York a copy of Kid Icarus.
And I tried to send her Mario 3, but the Wii rejected it.
So the Wii is smart enough to not let you send games your friends already have.
Did you see, and I forgot to mention this on our show roll, that Microsoft did the gifting feature now in the US with points.
You can give other accounts points now.
Where did they do that?
I don't know, but I read it somewhere.
I read it on one of the, like, JoySick or Kotaku.
Is that why Xbox has been broken the past few days?
I don't know.
But that's great for me because, you know, having multiple consoles and say if I want to, you know, install, like, a map or something and buy it for each one, I don't have to buy points cards for every single console.
Interesting.
By the way, our entire chat room could hear your power sneezes and say, bless you.
Well, you know what, my nose feels like a nightmare of pain and suffering.
Sorry to hear it.
So thank you, chat room.
I'm glad you heard me blow my nose, too.
All right.
Well, any more emails?
I sound like a foghorn.
So there are emails.
Hey, OLR crew, I found myself unable to sleep one night at 3 in the morning and popped on your radio feed on iTunes.
And I was able to fall asleep.
And I noticed it was playing much more melon music than normal.
Is the rotation geared more towards slow calming songs at night?
Or did I just happen upon a random anomaly?
Either way, it helps me get to sleep, so thank you, guys.
Keep up the awesome show, AZHP.
Welcome, and you can thank the total randomness, because our playlist is the same all day long.
We don't do anything special at night, although maybe we should.
I am going to be changing the playlist up because I have a break from work here for another week.
So I'm going to be working on a lot of OLR stuff.
And one thing I'm going to be doing is cleaning out the 24-7 show and putting in some more classic game tunes and, yeah, just cycling some stuff in and out.
So check it out.
All right.
Two emails left.
Thank God.
All right.
We got a bunch.
This is a sample.
So I updated my PSP the other day and was very pleased with the internet radio edition.
Given the fact that I listened to your show on my PSP, it would be even better if I could listen to it live on there as well.
It would be a nice Christmas present, please?
We don't know how to make that happen just yet, but we have to get on that.
Loki, you got to figure that out.
Don't look at me.
I don't know how to do it.
You have to basically run a relay through Shoutcast.
Oh, it has to be Shoutcast, huh?
Yeah.
We'll see.
I want to say somebody sent me an email about some Shoutcast stuff, so I will look into that as the week goes on.
I would assume, well, maybe you could probably broadcast on Shoutcast and Live 365 at the same time.
Or we could just leave Live 365 and do Shoutcast with as many people as we want on the feed, but we'll see.
We'll see.
Anything is a possibility, but I can say I do know you can listen to all games on your PSP.
They did figure out how to set it up, so if nothing else, you can always listen to our syndicated runs that air on allgames.com on Monday nights and Tuesday mornings.
Well, there's more to that email.
Okay.
Also, I'd like to note that when I listen to you guys, you always find a way to make me laugh no matter what kind of mood I'm in.
So thank you, and I wish you all a very Merry Christmas and many more Happy New Years to come.
Happy Holidays.
Smile face, Oscar.
Thank you.
I want to say Tiger Claw says, I can listen to OLR on my PSP using PSP radio.
So I guess it is possible.
Last email.
Ow.
Maybe share that with everybody.
Tiger Claw, send Loki an email.
Would you like to share with the rest of the class?
Send Loki an email.
Don't send me an email.
Just post it in the chat.
I don't want to get into it right now.
Fine.
Then post it in the chat.
Email.
All right.
Email.
Hey Sky, Loki, and Dark Sakura.
Hi.
I'm going to start this out with a true fact.
OLR is the best, funniest, and most informative, engaging show in the world.
You guys and girl have done a great job, and for that you should be commended.
Good.
Somebody commend us, please.
One question, though.
I just got a PlayStation 3 for Christmas, and the only game I have for it right now is Motorstorm.
What would be the top three games you would recommend for me to get?
Marvel Ultimate Alliance.
Sell your PS3.
No.
It was a gift.
All right.
Marvel Ultimate Alliance.
Resistance, Fall of Man.
Oblivion.
Oblivion.
Absolutely Oblivion.
Those are actually the three I'd name right there.
Oblivion.
Resistance.
Marvel, if you're into that.
I mean, obviously Jamie's into that.
It's a fun game.
I'm trying to think if there's something else that maybe was something.
It has a lot of options.
Heavenly Sword.
Yeah.
It's probably fun.
If you have two hours.
It's just J100 Matt's recommending Warhawk.
There you go.
Resistance, I would say probably Uncharted, Drake's Fortune, and depending on how you
feel about Ratchet and Clank, Ratchet and Clank.
Otherwise, I don't know.
Motorstorm's pretty good.
But if you bought your PS3, you probably already have Motorstorm.
That's what he said.
All he has now is Motorstorm.
Well, then.
Oblivion.
Nah.
I wouldn't do Oblivion.
Fine.
It's old.
I mean, they're going to come out with something new here and buy it, and then all of a sudden,
oh crap.
Well, actually, I guess it is cheap.
If you don't buy the expansion, it's like a $30 game.
So, sure.
Oblivion.
And buy a bunch of Blu-Ray movies.
A lot of the PS3 games are really cheap now, and you'll find a lot of them used.
Seth is saying Unreal Tournament in our chat room.
That's probably not a bad pick.
Now, see, Unreal Tournament and Warhawk, depending on how you feel about online-only multiplayer
games.
That's, you know, in Unreal Tournament 3, if you don't like Unreal, you know, really,
really fast, you know, kind of trigger-happy games, then you might not like that.
All right.
Is that it for emails?
No?
Oh, my God.
No, there was more to that one.
All right.
Because people keep interrupting me.
Oh, sorry.
Sir.
Also, I think Loki shouldn't get the bad rap he does from blasting Sony, because Sony really
does leave us gamers out to dry in terms of innovation, besides the PS3, and new hardware
such as new peripherals for the PSP.
So until they get wise, keep going strong.
Canada salutes you.
Sincerely, Josh G.
Well, thank you, Canada.
I salute Canada.
I love Canada.
And I like this.
What's the difference between Windows 95 and Windows 98?
Answer, three years.
That joke is like 10 years old.
I know, but I think it's great that somebody put that in their email.
All right.
So now we're done with emails, yes?
We are done.
And I'm saving and leaving out that one for you.
All right.
Thank you very much.
All right.
Let's get back into some news, and then we're going to get back into the Skype line and
go over July and the rest of the year.
Release dates, or lack thereof.
I thought I would at least open it up if anybody has any release dates.
How about the US, Loki?
There is not much.
And from what I gather, these four games are apparently a GameStop exclusive.
Good for them, I guess, scoring these awesome games, all of which are from a wonderful company,
a company named Conspiracy Entertainment, who is known for their extremely high quality
games.
Okay, no, not really, but you can get four racing games this week.
Rig Racer 2, which has you racing big rigs, Kawasaki Quad Bikes, Monster Trucks Off-Road,
and then Classic British Motor Racing.
Let me just save you time.
What exactly is Classic British Motor Racing?
Like an Aston Martin or...
No, it's like racing minis.
None of these games are that great.
Although, they do have a game coming out, though, that's going to be a jet ski racing
game, and it looks just like Waverly 64.
So that has potential, but I would, if you can rent these, go for it.
They're cheap.
I think they're like $19.99, so if you have money that you want to throw away, I can tell
you one thing, don't buy Monster Trucks Off-Road, because Monster Trucks, they had Off-Road
Arena or something like that, that really sucked, and then there is Off-Road Extreme
Special Edition, which got like a one on IGN.
It's like a piece of shit.
Most of these are crap, but just kind of know it going into it.
That's all you can find this week.
Next week, I promise you better games.
How about the UK, Jamie?
I'll give some highlights for what's coming out next week, just the things that interest
me specifically.
Why not?
There is Dancing Stage Universe, Myst on DS, SingStar on PS3, Sonic Rivals 2, I like, there's
one called Teleaddicts, which I think is great, and another Yu-Gi-Oh game, but I'll go over
the big massive list later.
How about the Virtual Console?
There is stuff for Virtual Console, this is the stuff actually that has been out now.
Three games that are to be out is Blades of Steel, which we've gone over, Skate or Die,
and Monster Lair.
So there you go.
We haven't gotten Skate or Die in the US, huh?
No.
I'll bet you that'll be Monday's game.
I'll bet you Monday will be Skate or Die.
Usually when it comes out in Europe we get it the next week, I noticed, and we did get
Blades of Steel here last week.
It's so weird the way they've been releasing those games, like you would think there'd
be some pattern to it, but it really just seems like it's just kind of a crap shoot.
This is the part where I would go over Japanese releases, but there is nothing, not a damn
thing I feel like mentioning, so that's it, no Japanese releases.
So that being said, we are going to open up the Skype line, 1877 Game OLR, username on
Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio, and we're going to go over with you guys, our listeners, the
last few months of the year, and we also want to get your picks for the best game of 2007
and the worst game of 2007.
So go ahead and give us a call, and remember, if you've never used Skype before, you might
want to give Echo123 a call to make sure you sound okay.
Unless you're calling over the phone, then there's really nothing you can do to test.
Because there is a little bit of a delay between the live and when the people hear it, they
probably don't know it's open yet, so we're just trying to fill in a little bit of time
here.
Later on in the program, we're going to be going over our top five lists of the five
most fun games we played this year, and then we'll tally it up what overall was the best
and the worst game of 2007, and we'll give some predictions for 2008.
And we haven't forgotten the FUs either.
And of course, a lot of our regular callers are gone this week on vacation, away from
the holidays, so I think that's where, you know, if you're wondering, like, why isn't
our phone ringing off the hook?
I think that's why.
Who leaves for, like, New Year's?
I understand Christmas, but, I mean, I don't know.
I think people are still gone from Christmas, is what happens.
Oh, well.
So what's going to happen if nobody calls?
I'll do July.
Yeah, we'll just have to do it again.
Someone call us!
We can do it.
We don't always play with the chat room.
People are just being shy.
We have plenty of people in chat.
There's over, almost 50 people in chat, so I don't know what the heck's going on there.
Pick up your damn phone.
Don't you people have phones?
And call us.
Some folks are waiting for certain months.
No, you don't wait.
You do some R-terms.
Pick up the goddamn phone and your goddamn phone call.
We're getting a call.
I hear on Orange Line's radio, who's this?
Oh, this is the escapist.
Escapist is here.
I'm sorry, who's this?
Escapist.
Well, Escapist, how are you, sir?
How you doing?
I'm doing wonderful, yourself?
Very good.
There's a little bit of a delay, but I notice you're calling us from Canada, so that's probably
why there's a bit of a delay.
Okay.
All right, so I'm going to go through this rather quickly here, and we want to hear your
thoughts on some of the highlights of 2007.
So let's talk first a little bit about July.
July, episode 237 was when a brain game in the UK was pulled over the use of the word
spastic, and I apologize if I offended anyone by saying that word just then, but we kind
of hear in the US go, well, that's not a big deal, but in the UK, because it slipped through
the cracks because of those cultural differences, the word spastic got a brain game pulled over
in the UK.
Episode number 238 was when the PlayStation 3 got a price cut, so the PlayStation 3 was
announced that it was going to be getting a price cut, and a lot of folks said it needed
that about six months earlier.
Episode 239 was the week that mini E3 happened.
That was when Mario Kart Wii was announced for the Wii, and Cena was announced for the
360, and the PSP was announced that had a redesign, and just in general kind of the
changed E3.
Do you think low-key the E3 is going to be very similar to how it was this year or next
year, or do you think they're going to get kind of, especially since they're moving back
to the LA Convention Center, do you think they're going to get a little bit of maybe
what they missed?
I think it's going to be about the same.
Speaking of which, you need to talk to whoever was supposed to invite us last year, and get
them to invite, or this year I should say, and be ready for this next year, because I
want to go.
I do too, we'll see.
Yeah, all I remember from mini E3 is how disappointed I was with the Mario Kart and Zapper announcements.
Not necessarily Mario Kart, because Mario Kart's really fucking awesome, but the fact
that it comes with a plastic steering wheel, all these peripherals, they were like, God,
this is a stupid idea, who keeps releasing this crap, and Nintendo's like, hey, we're
going to do it too, that makes it a good idea, right, and then the Zapper we saw was like
a pretty cool attachment, kind of like the nunchuck, and then all of a sudden that's
this piece of plastic crap, I don't know, it wasn't all that exciting.
Escapist, did you follow mini E3 news?
What did you think of this year's E3, new and improved?
I kind of really ignored it this year, I don't know, I've never been a big fan of E3 to begin
with.
It was like a whole bunch of excitement for a couple months, and whatever.
What makes you not a fan of E3?
Just too much information at one time, I get kind of overloaded and overexcited a bit.
I can kind of see that, it does seem like the year is entirely dead, and then E3 happens,
and then it's dead again, you know what I mean?
Episode 240 was in July, it was the last episode we taped in July, and that was the week that
South Park, the World of Warcraft episode got nominated for an Emmy, which kind of made
a lot of us go, wow.
And it did win.
And it did end up winning the Emmy, actually, but of course the South Park wow episode integrated
the World of Warcraft very well with the South Park kids, but of course the one thing I remember
was bathroom, bathroom!
Alright, Escapist, out of those stories, the brain game, the price cut, mini E3 and South
Park World of Warcraft, what do you think had the biggest impact for 2007's gaming?
Well even though I just undermined it earlier, I'd definitely say the E3 there, just because
the whole new year for E3, a new direction they wanted to go, it's still the same kind
of information that got released from what I saw, but a lot less people go into it.
I think you're right, I think even though it is different, I think it definitely was
the highlight of the month and the year in some ways.
I think the way that they did E3, I mean besides the multiple hotels and it being kind of difficult
to travel from one place to another, I like the format where it's just like those gamers
days where you sit down, you get a presentation, here's all the games that we have, here's
all the information we're going to give you, then you move along to the next group or the
next company and you kind of digest all that stuff as well, you get your press kits, and
then you go play the games at the end, just like a gamers day, and that I think works
a lot better for me than having to just navigate all around because I end up missing stuff.
I agree, and I said this before on the show, the two years ago, the last big E3, I knew
something was wrong when Paris Hilton was there and drawing these big crowds because
she had some fucking crappy cell phone game coming out, right?
She got the name wrong on.
You knew that something was broken with E3 at that point?
Yeah.
Interesting.
All right, well let's move on to August, scapists, we're going to go over the four
stories and then you tell us which one you think had the most impact.
Episode 241 kicked off August and it was another WoW story because that was the week that Blizzcon
happened and Wrath of the Lich King was announced and of course obviously we even had some folks,
I remember Extifer, one of our regular guests, actually went to Blizzcon and came back with
a full report and of course a lot of WoW players were very excited about the Wrath of the Lich
King expansion.
Episode 242 was the week that the news was breaking that the Xbox 360 core system was
being phased out of stores.
And the price dropped, too.
Yeah, when Best Buy started to phase them out of their computers and Target was phasing
them out of their computers, the systems were slowly disappearing which kind of made people
go, hmm, what's going on there?
And then of course subsequently we learned about the Elite and all that stuff and the
Elite have been out, the arcade and the other stuff.
Episode 243, Toys R Us breaks the Bioshock street date.
Bioshock came out towards the end of August and Toys R Us broke the street date and people
were taking pictures of receipts and that stuff was all over the internet.
And then episode 244 in August was the week we talked about a brand new game Konami was
putting out called New International Track and Field and what made this story stand out,
the fact that there was going to be a cartoon version of Serial Killer Pyramid Head in the
game, a little chibi pyramid head game.
Now, the game is not out yet, but we were just talking about the announcement, although
I should say that if you saw the Christmas cards that some of the big game companies
put out, Konami actually had a little picture of chibi pyramid head in theirs and he was
opening up a box with new gloves in it.
It was so cute.
You just reminded me of something.
What's that?
My husband's boss gave him one of the Portal Christmas cards.
From Aperture Science?
I stole it.
Very good.
You got a card, but I stole it.
Anyhow, Escapist, out of those stories, Blizzcon, Xbox 360 core phased out, Toys R Us breaking
a street date, and New International Track and Field, or anything you can think of, what
do you think had the most impact?
I know that's a little bit of a tougher month because it was after E3, but what do you think
had the most impact?
Jeepers.
For me, I definitely have to say the Toys R Us thing was kind of a big deal there.
It's another insight into the distribution chain there that people are really excited
to get their games now and stuff like that.
Toys R Us isn't really paying attention.
I don't know.
I'm excited to be on air, that's all.
No, it's all good.
It's a very good point that you're saying there is that a big chain like Toys R Us you
would think would know better, but sometimes down on the lower levels, folks kind of make
their mistakes and all that stuff, and these things kind of slip through the cracks.
But it is very interesting when these types of things have happened, because there's been
a lot of similar stories throughout the year.
Kmart broke the Mass Effect street date, Target broke the word about the Xbox 360 arcade units
before even Microsoft had put them out, right?
Like, weren't they selling them?
Circuit City broke the PlayStation 3 prices throughout the day.
This kind of shit was happening all year long.
It's amazing to watch the internet's reaction to it all, but like the scans, the YouTubes,
the pictures of receipts in the game going, I have the biggest E-peen in the planet because
I have this game and you don't.
Like all that type of stuff is just fascinating to watch, and it was definitely a trend throughout
2007.
How many people were actually playing Halo 3 before that came out?
I did.
Excellent point.
I had already beaten it before it came out.
There you go, and that was another huge one, Halo 3, absolutely, and that was in August
as well, right?
October.
September.
Almost.
End of September.
When we get into the next month.
All right.
Well, Escapist, before we let you go, we have a few more things to ask you, and that would
be what, in your opinion, was the worst freaking game of 2007 that should be avoided at all
costs?
Well, normally I would go with the obvious pick like yours, except I actually didn't
play it, so that would kind of be a bit of a cop-out on my part.
Well, that's fair enough, but then we have to change it up.
What do you think, then?
I'm going to have to be annoying and say I didn't really like Call of Duty all that much.
Call of Duty 4 never really did anything for me.
Maybe you might see I'm not a true shooter fan or whatnot.
Maybe it's because I had a horrible time online playing it, but I don't know.
That's one of the games in my collection I'm probably going to get rid of first.
Oh, snap.
Call of Duty 4, worst game of the year.
Hey, you know what?
It happens.
I seem to remember last year, we had some of the guests from other podcasts, and I want
to say someone said that some really big game was their least favorite game of the year,
and it was definitely controversial, but it was really funny when it happened.
But Hannah Montana was the best, I think.
Gears of War.
No, that was different.
Yes, it was Gears of War.
I think somebody said Gears of War was the worst game that came out.
I think it was Michelle from Video Game Outsiders.
I think.
I don't remember.
I'd have to go back and listen, but anyway.
All right.
Never mind.
That was last year.
That was so 2006.
Let's talk about 2007.
Best game of 2007, Escapist, in your opinion?
Last time, I tried to avoid the obvious pick, but I have to go the obvious with this one.
It would have to be the Orange Box.
It's probably the best gaming value I've ever seen in my freaking life.
The Orange Box.
Five classic games all crammed in one bundle, and you can't ignore the Portal.
I can't say I disagree with you, sir.
The Orange Box is a great deal, and that right there makes it definitely a worthy candidate
for game of the year.
And then you have Portal in there as well, which of course is a brilliant game in itself.
Escapist, thanks so much for being on the show tonight, even though we had a little
bit of a delay with the cross boundaries there and everything between the U.S. and Canada,
but we really appreciate you being on the program, and thanks for listening in 2007.
Hope you have a great...
Thank you very much for having me.
Not a problem.
Hope you have a great 2008.
Hope I wasn't much more talkative yesterday.
Thanks, bud.
All right.
Take care, buddy.
All right.
You too.
All right.
Bye-bye.
Unfortunately, because of the distance there, he was breaking up a little bit.
All right.
Let's see.
We're going to move on to September.
We're going to get a call here and talk about September and October.
So the Skype line is open at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
September and October.
And remember, if you don't get through for this one, there is still November and December.
We still have that to go over.
So let's see who's on the line.
Hi, you're on Orange House Radio.
Who's this?
Kia68.
Hey, you were the one that was waiting for September, weren't you?
Yeah.
Oh, wow.
You got knocked out, didn't you?
Yeah.
Because somebody else might have beat you to it.
All right.
Well, here it is.
We got September and October.
Let's start with September.
Now, September was our biggest month.
There were five Sundays in the month of September, so we did more shows in September than any
other month.
Starting off with Episode 245, Neo Geo titles were announced for the Nintendo Wii's Virtual
Console.
So of course, a lot of people were like, OMG, Magician's Lair, Magician Lord, and OMG, Fatal
Fury, and all this stuff.
What always surprised me about this was that Fatal Fury is like nine bucks on the Nintendo
Wii, or you can get the souped up version with the improved HD and online play for five
bucks.
Or you can get the original car for like a hundred.
Well, I think that kind of goes out the window now with Virtual Console.
Actually, Jamie, you collect the old school Neo Geo cartridges.
I have some.
You paid hundreds of dollars.
But you do have some that you paid hundreds of dollars for, right?
The only one that I paid, and I got it for two hundred and something, was I got a chance
to buy King of Fighters 2000 for relatively cheap.
Nice.
And so that's the one that we've paid the most for, but we've got like, Samurai Shodown,
Samurai Shodown 2, Baseball Stars.
What do you think, as a collector, what do you think about all this stuff now coming
out on Virtual Console for less than ten bucks?
Good!
Because I don't have the money to spend on this crap, although I did want Samurai Shodown
5.
Right.
I would pay the money for that.
Right.
Well, episode 246 was the episode where Sony was sending out to all the critics out there
a review guide for Lair.
It was just IGN.
Well, IGN kind of like posted it, but they were sending it to several critics, this whole
little guide on Lair.
And they said, no, we're not trying to sway people's decisions, but they just want to
make sure everybody understood the game.
And the six-axis control, right?
But it was a very nicely bound little book.
Episode number 247 was the episode where Project Hammer was cancelled.
I wonder if any of those review guides went on the old eBay.
You know, we never looked.
We should have.
We could have put one up here in the studio.
It would have been fun.
Anyway, 247 was when Project Hammer was cancelled.
This is a game that looked to be a hell of a lot of fun when we saw it at E3, but apparently
somebody at Nintendo decided it wasn't good enough.
Sorry, Project Hammer reminds me too much of MC Hammer, and that's like so ten years
ago.
Exactly.
Project MC Hammer.
Reverend Hammer.
Episode number 248 was the week that Smash Bros. was announced that it was going to be
going online.
And of course, that caused a lot of people to go, whoo!
Of course, later on it was announced that it still has frame codes.
And the whole, the whole like thing with people just getting the computer, taking over and
stuff.
Okay.
Oh yeah, yeah.
That's weird.
I'm trying to get off topic here a little bit, but apparently, what was it, not Brothers
N'Arcs, Medal of Honor 2, or Heroes 2, is online, 32 players, and if I remember correctly,
does not have friends codes for the Wii.
Nice.
So why can't everybody do that?
Your guess is as good as mine.
So that was episode 248, and of course it was a five week month, episode 249, that was
the week that the Sex Pistols, it was announced that they were getting back together to re-record
the song Anarchy in the UK for Guitar Hero 3.
And of course, this is big news, I think, not so much like just the song itself or what
have you, but just the fact that, you know, video games, and especially a series like
Guitar Hero 3 has transcended the music game genre so much that bands that had been broken
up were coming back together for the purposes of recording for the game.
I mean, that in my mind is huge, especially as an old school music gaming fan.
So GS68, those are the five stories we picked, the Neo Geo titles on the Wii, Sony sending
out a review guide for Lair, Project Hammer getting cancelled, Smash Brothers going online,
Sex Pistols re-recording Anarchy in the UK.
Do you think one of those stories was the biggest one out in September, or do you have
your own pick?
I have my own from episode 247, I think.
What's that?
It's one about the New Jersey parents being upset about the Wii Zapper.
You know, I was looking at that one when I was going through the show rules today, yeah,
the New Jersey parents being upset about the Wii Zapper.
Why do you think that was the biggest impact?
Well, I mean, like 20 years ago, the Wii Zapper, I mean, the NES Zapper, I mean, no one complained
about that, and then Super Nintendo had a Super Scope, I don't think anyone complained,
and a whole bunch of systems after that, but, like, a gunproof on the Wii, oh my gosh, you
must ban this.
I have a pick for the new story.
What do you think, Logie?
Halo 3 is released, come on, I mean, seriously, everyone's like, oh my god, Halo 3!
Yeah, but I don't know, well, yeah, it was.
I think the reason why it was overlooked here is because, you know, it kind of, well, no,
it's not that, because I do care about Halo 3, but just that most of the Halo 3 news was
everything leading up to its release, you know what I mean?
Yeah, I wonder.
Okay, how about this, episode, you know, 246 or whatever, it is announced that you cannot
put the helmets on your cat.
But that is disappointing.
Biggest news of the month.
Biggest news of 2007, honestly.
You okay, Jamie?
Blink blink blink.
Would you try to put the helmet on your cat, on Shermie?
Shermie's too stupid.
Yes, GS68.
Wait, can we put it on the, can we put the helmet on the ferret?
Can we put the helmet on the ferret?
We probably could.
If we could find the ferret, we could.
The ferret ran hiding since Rob threatened to put him down the food trash compactor.
I did, I did.
I think, I think Scarecrow's the penguin.
Possibly the new penguin from Argentina.
The penguin is frightening.
He is pretty fierce, he's very punk rock.
Alright, let's go on to October, our show's going to go on all night.
October, episode 250, that was a big week for us, because it was our 250th episode.
That was also the week that Nintendo announced that they were going to be offering what we
call the Wii Condoms, or, you know, the Wii, what are they officially called?
The Wii Sleeves or something like that?
Yeah.
But they look like giant Wii Condoms.
If it's true.
When you mode into the TV, you're probably stupid.
Exactly.
So it was definitely a way of nerfing the Wiimote.
But what was weird about that story is that no one was really expecting it.
You know what I mean?
Like, it came out of nowhere.
And like, it's like, oh, we're going to put out these straps that are better in this.
And then finally, it's like, oh, we're also going to put out these giant things that make
your Wiimote look like it's wrapped in a condom.
And people were like, what?
Why?
This is very interesting.
Episode 251 was- A broken episode.
Yes, that was a broken episode.
And the week that it was announced that Smash Brothers was delayed to 2008.
So Smash Brothers was completely delayed to 2008.
And that did not sit well with a lot of Nintendo Wii fans, sadly.
252 was a very big week, because that was the week that Capcom announced their goodies
for 2008, including Street Fighter IV was announced that week, as well as the next generation
version of Bionic Commando.
Fuck yeah.
Did you see the trailer for that?
Yeah, I've seen that one.
Isn't it pretty?
It is.
And it plays the music.
These little fangasms that we're having now is just reminiscent of what was happening
that third week in October.
I'm so excited right now, and it's going to be very disappointing when the game actually
comes out.
And I wonder if he's going to kill Hitler at the end.
I hope so.
That would be definitely the coup de grace.
And then the last show we taped in October, episode number 253, was the week that it was
discovered that Rock Band and Guitar Hero 3 are not playing nice.
The controllers were not compatible with each other.
If you wanted to play both games, you had to use Guitar Hero 2 controllers, but Guitar
Hero 3 on at least Playstation 3 was not compatible with each other.
We've been using our Xbox ones.
Xbox, I think, works one way, but it doesn't work the other way.
It works with Rock Band.
Yeah, it works with Rock Band, but the controller doesn't work with Guitar Hero 3.
It'd be better if they made a controller that didn't break.
Or just that they just would let them both be, you know, a lot of people are like, this
just sucks that they can't get along.
And I agree, it sucks that they can't get along.
What do you think GS68 was the biggest, or if you have one of your own, feel free to
share.
Nintendo offering Wii Condoms, Smash Brothers delayed, Capcom announces Street Fighter IV
and Bionic Commando, or Rock Band and Guitar Hero 3 just can't play nice.
I'm not too sure, I'm not, I don't really remember October too well.
But I'll probably guess, I'll probably guess Street Fighter IV, the Wiimote gloves, I guess.
The Wiimote gloves?
Yeah, that was pretty big.
I don't know, me personally, I would say the Smash Brothers delay, I know that seems weird
because then you kind of go, well that's a 2008 story, but that was a game that people
were so looking forward to and especially on the Wii that really needed some powerhouse
games, although I guess, I guess it didn't, it did pretty well this Christmas regardless,
but you know, just so many people were looking forward to that game, it was just a real disappointment
when that game got delayed.
If it wasn't for the delay, I'd be playing it right now.
We all would.
We probably wouldn't be doing this show, we would be playing Smash Brothers Brawl right
now.
And that's, you know, again, all the more reason why that game's got to be twice as
good or, you know, people are going to kind of go, oh we waited all this time for this?
Given all these delays, I have a feeling people are going to start calling it Super Smash
Brothers Forever.
I think somebody did earlier in chat actually.
It was me.
Alright, GS68, what in your opinion was the worst freaking game of 2007?
I'll probably have, I haven't played a lot of crappy games that were released in 2007,
but I might have, I'll probably give it to Initial D4.
Initial D4, Initial D4, why Initial D4?
Well, mainly because it was a program, so like, apparently there's this whole speed
limit system where if you go too fast on a certain corner your wheel locks and your acceleration
submers, and there's this penalty cancel glitch where you hit the brake to remove the acceleration
problem, and from what I've read, like, the recent official Initial D tournament is the
last one they're going to do because I've read that Initial D4 stopped doing very well
in Japan.
Like, over in Hong Kong, for example, Version 3 is doing better than Initial D4.
Wow, that is something else.
Well, that's a bummer that it really sucked it up on its fourth version.
I haven't even really played that one.
I've played Initial D3 though, that's a fun time.
Anyway, I'm sorry, go ahead.
Yeah, and what else?
Like, the tuning system for the game, like, if you want to, yeah, sorry.
That's alright.
You were going to say another game that you thought was the worst of the year?
Actually, no, I was going to bring up the whole customizing shop feature, instead of,
you have to eject your card three times just to get to that, so you have to point to the
continue screen, eject your card, and then to play, and then put your coins in, and then
start the game again, so that way you can get to the tuning shop faster.
In other words, it's a way to keep sucking up your money and sucking up your tokens.
Actually, that will only be in the case of if you had discounted continues, like five
points to start and four points to continue.
Interesting.
Well, okay, let's move on and stop talking about games that suck, and let's talk about
the best freaking game of 2007 in your opinion.
What was the best game in your opinion?
Maximum Tune 3.
Interesting.
You must be a real racing game fan, because you got both for your best and worst.
Why was Maximum Tune 3 your best game of the year?
I like what they did with the battle system, like instead of picking a set course, you
can now pick the route like partway through the game.
They also added new courses, like you cannot race on the whole one gun line instead of
just like a six kilometer stretch, which was pretty cool.
The soundtrack was pretty cool, more music-assuring stuff.
Absolutely.
And the ghost battle system, like the idea of racing a virtual opponent instead of them
having to be there.
Yeah, I've been listening to the soundtrack to Maximum Tune 3 in my car recently, actually.
And the thing I find about it, though, is if I listen to it too much, I drive too fast.
I speed way more often when I'm listening to wang game music than anything else, so
there you go.
Well, do you...
Yo, go ahead.
Isn't my CD player like 80 to 90 percent of the time?
I think it's music that was designed to put the pedal to the floor, and it happens in
my real car.
It's an unfortunate thing.
I think the soundtrack and the graphics are meant to give the game a rave-ish look.
Several years ago, there was a game called Wanken Midnight, and the graphics and soundtrack
were nothing like Maximum Tunes.
Well, sometimes it happens that you have a series that's kind of similar, but I don't
know.
What are you talking about?
Like, there were older Wanken Midnight games released in 2001, and they were based on Tokyo
Extreme Racer.
And they looked and sounded nothing like Maximum Tune, because I guess Maximum Tune was made
to be more arcade-friendly.
I guess true.
Well, Wanken Midnight was actually us fighting the stuff on the manga.
Yeah, that was bullshit on manga.
All right, well, hey, GS68, we've got to let you go, because we've got some more months
to go over, but I'll leave you with this thought of us all raving in the car right now.
Let's drop some ecstasy while it's hot.
No, just kidding.
All right.
We've got to let you go, GS68, but thank you so much, and have a great 2008, all right?
Thanks, you too.
All right, take care, buddy.
All right, we're looking for one more call to help us close out the year with November
and December.
If you want to give us a call right now, 1-877-GAME-OLR, our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
But we've got our caller.
Hi, who's on the air?
Yeah.
I'd recognize that laugh anywhere.
This is Legend of Zaku, isn't it?
Yes, it is.
What is up, my friend?
Nothing much, just waiting till tomorrow.
What's tomorrow?
Waiting for that ball.
You know, that ball dropping in that middle of that big city on the base of the earth.
Oh, yes, I've heard of that before.
Are you going out to Times Square tomorrow?
Probably not, but I am getting drunk tomorrow legitimately.
You're not drunk now?
With friends, no.
All right, but you'll be drunk tomorrow.
Yeah, just going over the year that was 2007 in gaming.
Are you ready to go over November with us?
I don't have my memory associated, but let's do it.
I'll help you.
I've got four stories here to help remind you what happened in November.
Episode 254 was the week that Manhunt 2 on the PSP was hack-sored to remove some of the
target basically quickly rushed to judgment and pulled it off even though there's no way
in hell you're going to get to it unless you have massive experience in PSP hacking.
But Loki, you did it the day this thing came out, didn't you?
You had your PSP stripped of the censored stuff in it.
Was it worth it?
No.
Was it worth it for fucking genitals getting like, I don't know, basically hurt?
Isn't that what got censored?
Weren't the genitals, what do you call it, hurt?
Yes.
Electrocuted, mashed.
They were ripped off of pliers.
Ew.
Oh, wow.
Yeah, this game sounds pretty horrible.
I didn't even play it.
I don't need to.
Let's see.
Episode number 255.
That was the week.
This was a slow news week.
I didn't have a lot from this week.
NPD withholds sales numbers from the press.
And actually, it is kind of relevant because, you know, obviously it kind of leaves it in
the company's hands to be kind of bragging.
And you've seen companies kind of stretch these reports out a little bit.
Of course.
They want a piece.
They're stockholders.
Exactly.
You don't want to.
What the hell?
Are you at a 7-Eleven or something?
I heard a little phone go off.
Yeah, what's up?
It sounds like the phone's at 7-Eleven when they ring.
Yeah, my phone just went off.
Just keep coming quickly.
Sorry, sir.
But when we say withhold, they didn't withhold everything.
They just reduced some of the information that was going out there and caused the companies
to basically be on their own.
Jesus Christ, you got a beeper too?
Yeah.
He's got a beeper.
Maybe we should get another caller.
He's got a pimp.
All right.
Hold on a second.
I'll be right back.
Yeah.
What happened?
You are not putting us on hold.
We will hang up on you.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Bye.
Yeah.
Hello.
All right.
I can't believe we got put on hold by a caller.
No, no, no.
It was only quickly.
All right.
Let's.
All right.
Let's.
All right.
Ooh.
Strike one, Zaku.
All right.
Episode 256 was the week.
What a way to end the year.
Yeah.
Week number 256.
Episode 256.
That was the week that the Xbox download service was announced on the Xbox 360.
You would be able to download original Xbox games to the service, and of course we've
seen this come out now, and you can get Psychonauts and Indigo Prophecy.
Kind of a way to rediscover Xbox games you may have missed the first time around.
Or for some people, a way overpriced way to do it.
Well, yeah.
Of course.
The marketplace.
So who the hell would put price tags on fucking icons and themes, and basically do it against
the will of game developers as well when they don't want to charge for that shit for downloadable
content?
Loki, do you agree?
You don't.
Like Epic, for example.
They don't want to do that shit, but they're forced to, because they have no choice most
of the time.
Why do you think Unreal Tournament 3 is being held up for the 360, besides the user-created
stuff?
Well, it's being held up because they can't do cross-platform play between the PC and
the PC.
Well, that too, but user-created mods is the other hinging factor.
Well, they can worry about that later.
That's not really a factor to keep it from being released.
Ah, god damn it.
Jesus Christ!
Is someone at the door now?
Just go through the last song.
The last one.
Yes, sir.
Guitar Hero's 80s edition sued because the song is too similar.
The romantic suit Guitar Hero 80s edition, and as we all know they lost, the judge laughed
that out of court.
All right, out of those stories, Van Hunt, too, Guitar Hero.
The first one.
Wait, are you going to give us your best one?
That's why you don't answer the phone.
You let it go to voicemail.
Tony, you're the one that keeps answering the calls for him, man.
That's just not cool.
Dip it in the butt.
That's just not cool.
I'm sorry.
I'm not offended because I think it's hilarious, honestly.
I'm offended.
All right, the first one, bye.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Fuck that.
I'm doing December.
All right, no, I will see.
Let me open up Skype, see if anybody else wants to call us.
Give it a couple minutes.
One eight seven seven game O-L-R or our user name on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
Act deft in chat says best call ever, ever.
If somebody would like to call us and take Zaku's place, you can call us right now.
One eight seven seven game O-L-R or our user name on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
I'm going to give it like 10 seconds and I'm just going to say, Loki, fuck it, you can
just do it.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
This is DT.
Praise be to God, Dark Tetsuya.
How are you, my friend?
Oh, good.
Think you can do a better job than the last caller?
Yeah.
All right.
Well, let me recap for you, Dark Tetsuya.
When we left off, we were in November.
Manhunt 2 on the PSP was hacked.
MPD withholds sales numbers from the press, Xbox originals are announced for download
on Xbox 360, and Guitar Hero's 80s edition gets sued because the songs are too similar.
What do you think had the biggest impact in November?
Oh, Manhunt 2, definitely.
Definitely.
Just because of the fallout that came with that, right?
Oh, yeah.
Absolutely.
You would have thought they would have learned with Grand Theft Auto San Andreas, but no.
Oh, no, no.
Everything tells me this won't be the last time, either.
Oh, no.
All right.
Well, then we move on to December, and in December, we had episode number 258.
Now, technically, this happened in November, but we covered it in December, so we're putting
it in December's news.
That was the week that a certain editor was let go from a certain major gaming blog, allegedly
due to a certain review that he had written about a certain game that was being heavily
advertised on the site.
That's right.
That's Jeff Gerstmann, and really, you could just say that name, The Gerstmann Incident,
and have you even seen, now there's movie trailers and shit and everything, like fake
movie trailers?
Yeah, because people have that much free time.
Honestly, though, if no one brought it back up, would you still remember, I completely
forgot about this, and thank God, because all you need to know is not to trust the bigger
sites.
Trust us, because we're awesome.
Well, I stand by what I said before, that there's multiple sides to every story, and
actually, oddly enough, you would think me, of all people, would be the biggest critic
of GameSpot in this situation, but I actually think people didn't give them enough credit.
No.
And I think we're too quick to blame the big corpse.
I just didn't care.
I was getting annoyed at that point.
I'm like, thank God they fired you.
This story's taking too long.
All right, well, there was other news in December.
Episode 259 was Nintendo pulls ads due to the high demand of the Nintendo Wii.
They basically said, okay, we can't make these Wiis fast enough.
Everybody still wants one.
You know, maybe we'll hold off on the advertising until the first quarter next year.
Well, that makes sense.
I mean, if you're going to, you know, you're having no problem selling one item, why do
you need to advertise it?
Advertise it for one, that may not be selling as well, and they have a little bit more of,
so it makes sense to me.
In episode number 260, DVR and internet radio launches on Sony PSPs in Japan.
And funny enough, later that week, internet radio actually followed in the US, and that
was released on the PSPs a little later.
So the PSPs get the doors open to DVR and internet radio in Japan and internet radio
here in the US.
And then that takes us all the way to episode number 261, which was earlier tonight.
And in part A, we talked about Akira Yamaoka comes out and says that Japanese development's
in trouble, and that the American development's where it's at right now, and of course Silent
Hill 5 is being developed right here in America.
What do you think out of those four stories, Dark Tetsuya had the biggest impact on gaming
in 2007?
Jeff Gertzman in the fallout there, Nintendo pulling ads due to the Wii demand, DVR and
internet radio hits the PSP, or Akira Yamaoka saying that development is, it's in America
is where it's at.
Oh, Gertzman, definitely.
Yeah, I think that's kind of a no-brainer, but why do you say that?
What do you think is the fallout that that could have in 2008?
Well, I don't know, it was like back in the day, I don't know if you remember, it was
when EGM gave Super Street Fighter II poor scores, Capcom pulled advertising.
I don't recall this so much, but now that you're saying it, I kind of go, yeah, you
know what, that does kind of sound familiar.
I do remember something like that happening, right?
Yeah.
So it kind of just goes to show this is something that kind of has happened before and has kind
of made a lot of people go, you know, there needs to be responsibility on both ends.
And again, as I do a lot, I compare things to the movie industry, you know, just because
Siskel and Ebert might give a movie a bad review, well, Siskel doesn't review anything
anymore, but just because Ebert and Roper, Ebert gives a thumbs up, Siskel's rrrr brains,
Ebert and Roper might give something a bad review doesn't mean that suddenly, you know,
they're going to stop advertising in the Chicago newspaper.
Siskel won't get me out of Ebert's stomach.
Ah, forget it, it's been plenty of time, it's not too soon anymore.
I want this show to be over, so we need to get to the best and worst games of the year.
Dark Tetsuya, in your big opinion, what was the worst freaking game of 2007?
Oh, God, I hadn't really played all that much, so I guess it goes with Yaris.
When in doubt, Yaris, right?
When in doubt.
Right.
You drive a car with a claw, enough said.
Alright, what was the best game of 2007, in your opinion?
Oh, God, I just rented it, Super Mario Galaxy.
And why this game?
Well, it's what Mario 64 2 should have been.
Instead of what we got on the GameCube, Super Mario Sunshine?
Yeah.
Gotcha.
Exactly.
Alright.
Well, anything else you want to share with our listeners?
No, that's about it.
Alright.
Alright, well, Dark Tetsuya, thanks so much for calling and helping us out with the rest
of the year.
We appreciate it.
Have a good one.
Yeah, you too.
Alright.
Take care.
Dark Tetsuya, of course, writes for our website once in a while when there's news to report
on.
Legend of Zaku posted his picks in chat.
He would have picked God of War 2 for the best game of the year and Kane and Lynch for
the worst game of the year.
Well, ha ha, you were answering the phone while you were on the phone with us, so yours
doesn't count, rude person.
There you have it if you were curious.
Alright, that took us through the whole year.
What a trip down memory lane.
What a long trip down memory lane.
But it just goes to show us a fucking lot's happened this year.
A lot's happened this year.
What do you guys think was the biggest story out of them all?
What do you think, of all those stories we did tonight, what do you think maybe had the
most impact in gaming altogether?
When we called your mom.
And how did that impact the gaming scene?
It put me in a good mood and I went home and played a game.
I hate you.
We called my mom too.
What would you say is the story of the year?
Was it Manhunt 2?
Was it Smash Brothers getting delayed?
Was it Codemasters and the broken Bubble Bobble game?
Was it the lady dying over the Nintendo Wii?
So many people wanted a Wii that she drank so much she died?
I think it was Proteus.
Proteus?
I would say probably the biggest story of the year.
I don't know.
For me, it's the Bubble Bobble thing.
It really is.
Because seriously, seriously, how do you do that?
How does that happen?
Seriously.
But that's just me.
All right.
Loki?
I would say, not Bubble Bobble, because seriously, how many people bought Bubble Bobble?
That affected what?
Five people?
Seriously.
I would say probably, I don't know, the fact that it's a crime that Activision released
three Guitar Hero games this year.
Huh?
Yeah, that's a crime.
I don't know, let me think.
Was that last year or this year?
I can't remember when Red Octane was purchased by Activision.
Last year?
That was last year.
All right.
Well, let's move on.
Let's talk about our top five games of the year and our picks for the worst game of the
year.
We're just out of the way.
The worst game of the year, we're going to tally it up with what the listeners say and
figure it out here.
DarkStalker, what in your opinion was the worst game of the year?
The worst game?
I actually have a list of five.
You have a list of five?
All right.
The worst games of the year.
I'm going to say Manhunt 2 was one of them, just because I got sick of hearing all the
crap.
Imagine Babies.
Okay.
Although that was a funny picture with you.
Anything with the Bratz franchise, and I'll say Yaris too, just because.
But I got warnings, so I didn't play it.
And then I have to put this one on here for sauce.
This is a quote.
Heroes of Mana is the worst game of 2007 because you need a doctorate in electrical engineering
to understand how to play the fucking game.
So I'm going to pick that one.
Heroes of Mana.
On her suggestion.
God damn, the Mana games started sucking after Secret of Mana, didn't they?
It's very unfortunate.
I wish that we had gotten Second Sense 3.
You never know in the virtual console, you never know.
Loki, your pick for the worst fucking game of 2007.
I too had five, actually six if you can.
Jeez, I only had one.
This is easy.
Well, I was thinking, okay, my number one is not Yaris.
But anyways.
So number six, Off-Road Extreme Special Edition, although I did not play it, but it was horrible.
I did play this game, Counterforce, for the Wii, yet another game by Conspiracy Entertainment.
In fact, my number three would be anything from Conspiracy Entertainment.
Or actually, that'd be number four.
Number three, I actually, this was the only, the first and only game I will ever import
for the PS3.
Wangan Midnight is a fucking joke on the PlayStation 3.
It is poor for a PlayStation 2 game.
I hated it.
It was a waste of $60.
Yaris is number two, and the reason it's number two is because it's free.
Number one, I paid fucking $50 for it, and it was a ripoff.
Transformers The Game, the worst, biggest disappointment of a game this year.
How do you fuck that up?
But you did.
I only had picked one game as the worst game of the year, and I also did not pick Yaris.
It was tempting, but it was free.
We do have to remember Yaris was free.
Yeah, free.
If it sucked, it's a big deal.
There is a game that I bought because I was excited at the prospects of the game, and
the way it was put together and the way it was packaged, it just felt so rushed.
It was just a steaming pile of poo.
I hated, I mean, there's not a lot of times I go, I really fucking hate this game.
I hate Fusion Frenzy 2 so much.
That game was awful, awful, awful, awful.
That is definitely the worst game of the year, and I can't believe they would, that's highway
robbery that they ever tried to charge full price for that game.
I forgot.
My wallet was raped by that game.
I forgot one more honorable mention, I guess, because it is also free.
You remember the vision camera from Microsoft, which was that totem ball.
Wasn't the vision cam last year?
No, it was this year.
Was it?
Yeah.
It was last year.
It was last year.
Who gives a shit?
Totem ball still sucks.
It sucked in 2007 as well as 2006, all right.
So when you add it all up though, let's see, you get one vote for Fusion Frenzy 2, one
vote for Transformers the Game, one vote for Heroes of Mana, one vote for Initial D4, one
vote for Call of Duty 4, and four votes for Yaris.
So Yaris gets, definitely runs away with the title of the worst game of 2007.
How about the best games of 2007?
Here it is, the time for us to name our five top games of the year.
Do you want to just name all five at once, Jamie?
Sure.
All right, Jamie, give us your top five and why.
Number five is a wind on two, because when I got to play it, it was pretty fun, although
I still suck at wind on.
So four would be Silent Hill Origins, just what I got to see of it again, because I've
had a really busy, crazy year.
Three is Super Mario Galaxy, I thought was really cool.
Two is Rock Band, because again, super cool, and Radiohead.
And one, Portal, duh.
So that's it.
Enough said, huh?
The Portal was just super innovative, and I love anything that messes with physics.
I would totally be a physics major if it wasn't for the retarded math.
All right.
There you go.
Loki.
Okay, like I said.
Now remember, these are the top five games.
We can use any criteria we want.
Exactly.
They're all in order of just how much fun I've had with them.
By no means does that mean that they're a great game or that they're impressive to look
at or anything like that.
It's just how much fun I've had with each one.
Number five, Ghost Squad.
Seriously, one of the most underrated games, at least for the Wii Zapper that's come out
for the Wii this year, it's cheap.
It's probably going to get cheaper.
And granted, the graphics aren't that great, the game is incredibly short, but I will tell
you, I played that game through like six times in a row.
The fact that you can unlock like 50 different weapons in the game that makes the games even
harder, and I don't know, it was the most fun I had for about four hours.
And that's all I've played of it so far, but Ghost Squad, definitely worth picking up on
the Wii, if you like gun games.
Rock Band, fun.
I have to give it props because I bought Guitar Hero 2, and I bought Guitar Hero for the Playstation,
I played it like once, and I said fuck this, and put it down, and that's where it gathered
dust.
Rock Band actually played for a lot more than that, and it's actually pretty fun.
Just wish there was an easier way to be able to play online with multiple people, like
in a world mode or something like that, but definitely a fun game, and it's actually one
of the games I actually look forward to the download content coming out for it, which
I can't really say bad about many other games.
Let's see here, Bioshock, it was a great game while it lasted.
I thought maybe a little bit short, not a whole lot of replayability, but I had fun
while playing it.
Alright, and that takes us to number one.
No, that's number three.
I can't count, okay.
Number two, Crackdown.
The best thing for a futuristic Grand Theft Auto, absolutely fun.
The most fun I've had in a demo for a game, ever.
Absolutely fun to play online, of course that fizzles away pretty quick, and the game kind
of got repetitive.
Had some pretty good download content for it, I actually went back to it because I thought
my save had gotten corrupted, luckily all that happened was I erased an update once
I downloaded that again, it worked just fine.
Real fun game to play online, and then of course that takes me to number one, and once
again, the game did not have good graphics, the game had really crappy AI, the game is
extremely cheesy, but I cannot tell you how many fucking hours I've played this game,
just to beat it, just to unlock all the weapons, just to try to get the five achievements that
are in it.
Earth Defense Force 2017, absolutely the best $20 you'll ever spend, if you find it used
you can probably find it for even cheaper than that.
D3 really, really, really needs to bring over the simple series over here, because it's
absolutely good money, it's the cheesiest, weirdest games you'll ever play, and unfortunately
because they're so weird they don't end up coming over here, but I hope that changes.
My turn, top five games of the year.
I'm not surprised, Earth Defense Force 2017, for you, because you are a guy that's all
about fun, and you know, blowing shit up is fun.
You can blow up, you can level entire cities, and then they come back to the next level,
and you can level them all over again.
It's seriously, we've played it for, I don't know how many hours, I have it logged in the
game, it's over 70 hours, I know that.
My number five game of the year is a game that really transcended that kind of what
is a casual game and what is a hardcore game type of thing, and the thing I think that
makes this game great is that it's really a game that anybody can get into, and it took
this game that had no depth at all, and gave it an amazing amount of depth, and that's
Puzzle Quest, was an amazing game that bejeweled and just put little twists on it that made
a whole role-playing game out of it, and a more competitive type of game out of it, that
made this game a hell of a lot of fun, and I've watched my roommate spend countless hours
on Puzzle Quest, he doesn't play anything else but Puzzle Quest.
There's certainly a lot of people who may not even be into games otherwise that Puzzle
Quest has kind of brought them in, so Puzzle Quest obviously was released on damn near
every system this year because there was just that much demand for it, so Puzzle Quest was
an amazing game, it was my number five game of the year.
My number four game of the year is one of those games that probably most critics aren't
even going to put on their top ten, but for me it was so great to finally see a true Japanese
role-playing style game on a next-gen console and to see what it could do, and I thought
the story in this game was so amazing, yet kind of depressing, and the way that it wove
real life in with this fictional scenario was just something really innovative and new,
and that's why Eternal Sonata for me was just a different type of gaming experience that
I really enjoyed and had to be in my top five for the year, absolutely.
Say what you want about it getting stale towards the end or what have you, or how insanely
difficult and, or not so much difficult but how redundant some of the battles can get
later on, but Eternal Sonata is just an amazing game that I would play more and more.
My number three game has been lauded by a lot of people as one of the best games of
the year, and you know, it deserves to be here graphically, it's a triumph.
The mood this game creates, few games are able to pull off, and it's something I don't
usually experience outside of a Silent Hill game, but Bioshock totally scared the hell
out of me the first time I played it, because it is a scary fucking game, and it really
is kind of like playing a movie, it really is, so Bioshock is just amazing.
My number two game of the year is all about fun, and I just, I did not think that this
game was going to be so great because my expectations I guess were actually a little bit low because
like I said earlier in the show, I was not a big fan of Mario 64 as much as the next
guy, but Super Mario Galaxy just blew me away, it is so much fun and is really the type of
game that I think the Wii was built for, so Super Mario Galaxy is absolutely my number
two game of the year.
And that takes me to number one game of the year, I admit it, I do not like to spend as
much money as I do on gaming, I spend a lot of money on games, and that is why value is
so important to me, and in my opinion, there is no better value out there in gaming right
now, period, than the Orange Box, and that is one of the sole reasons why the Orange
Box is my game of the year, because you get these great, obviously Half Life is an incredible
series of games, Team Fortress 2, a lot of fun, the unique art style of Team Fortress
2 really sets it apart from the other games, and of course Portal, when you play Portal
you feel like you are starting to play the next great series of games, like something
truly original has started with Portal that I think is going to continue, and you have
all these in-jokes and the whole the cake is a lie, and not every game, especially its
first time out the gate, can create that kind of buzz, so the Orange Box absolutely is the
best game that came out in 2007, it is not only the best deal in gaming, but just some
of the most solid games you are going to get, and the best 60 bucks you can spend on games,
so there it is, my top 5 games of the year, so let us tally it up, we have one vote for
Call of Duty 4, one vote for Maximum Tune 3, one vote for Earth Defense Force 2017, two
votes for Super Mario Galaxy, but if you combine Portal with Orange Box you get four votes
for Portal and Orange Box this year, so I am going to have to say that Orange Box is
collectively Orange Launch Radio's game of the year.
I did say Half Life 2 earlier for one of my ones that did not make the list, it is part
of the game, it is ironic, because I remember when I first heard about this game, the Orange
Box, I was like, oh isn't that funny, we are Orange Launch Radio and here is this game
the Orange Box, I built a computer called the Orange Box, and what is also funny about
it is that I remember saying, I was kind of like, oh these are the, oh I am not really
into these kind of games, I don't really like the first person shooters, Portal, it is a
shooter, I am not going to like that, Portal makes me enjoy first person shooters, because
it is a different, I mean I think even people that don't enjoy first person shooters can
enjoy Portal, and that is what makes the game so great.
There you have it, the Orange Box, and no we are not changing our name to Orange Box
Lounge Radio, that would be no fun at all, but the Orange Box is collectively our game
of the year.
Which takes us to 2008, what do you guys think, what do you think is going to happen in 2008,
any predictions you want to make for 2008, Loki?
I don't know, gosh, probably see the DS redesigned again, I don't know, they need to put out
some good games for the PS3, or else they are going to be hurting, I know we will see
Metal Gear Solid 4 come out, Grand Theft Auto will probably push to fall, bastards, Halo
Wars probably coming out towards the end of the year, hopefully Fable 2, hopefully Spore
actually makes it out this spring, because I need a good game to run on my new PC, and
then I might hear about another portable platform or something like that, maybe they will redesign
an online service like Nintendo Mail, Nintendo really needs to do something with their online
service, I don't know, you might see a blue and black DS in February, I don't know.
Dark Sakura, any predictions you want to make for the year 2008, Duke Nukem, Duke Nukem
Forever will fucking come out at some point, and it will be disappointing.
I think that Super Smash Brothers Brawl will get pushed again, I keep expecting it.
You know what, here is something that is kind of interesting, and I have actually looked
at it, I have been kind of following it a little bit, I loved Saints Row, and we still
play it every day, it kind of is holding us over until Grand Theft Auto IV, but at the
same time, Saints Row 2 is supposed to be coming out, I think this year, or 2008, and
it actually looks pretty good, and I'm kind of wondering, I know Grand Theft Auto IV is
going to be amazing, but Saints Row 2 can be a really good contender for it, especially
if that gets pushed back to October or something for Grand Theft Auto IV, that game might surprise
people, I know they're going to plan on doing co-op through the entire story mode, just
like Crackdown, which is an excellent idea, and then they're going to tweak the online
play a little bit more and stuff like that, but I think it's awesome, I can't wait.
Because I'm going to make, in the third or fourth quarter of 2008, Sony will redesign
the PlayStation 3 and do an effective relaunch, a reboot of the system, the way maybe they
should have done it the first time, and the reboot will include a playable demo of Final
Fantasy XIII that's going to blow everybody away, but Metal Gear Solid 4 will not single-handedly
save the PlayStation 3, and that's what's going to want to cause them to really cut
corners in the cost, and they're going to release the system just as dirt-cheap as possible,
to try and get people to buy it.
Somebody will challenge Nintendo to the throne of handheld gaming, and it won't be Sony.
I think in 2008, I think this year, this is a very just out there prediction, I don't
know, I get the feeling Nintendo has such a large share of the marketplace in handheld,
I think someone else wants a piece of that besides Sony, but I don't think it's Microsoft.
I think someone else, I think someone we don't know about yet, is going to come in and challenge
Nintendo for the throne in 2008.
You know what, and a lot of folks in the chat room are insinuating it might be Sega, maybe.
I don't know, I don't know, I mean their games have not been, but I don't know.
Because Sega and Nintendo have been kind of working together, you know, and Sega also
have tried handheld and they failed, so I don't know.
I don't say no, but I don't think it would be Sega, but I think somebody, I don't think
it's going to be someone that's known for gaming.
I think it's going to be somebody that's known for electronics.
It's going to try and get in here, kind of like what Sony did when they got into the
gaming market.
I think somebody who is known for electronics now is going to try to challenge Nintendo
for the gaming throne, but we'll see.
For handheld gaming.
I think the Wii colors will come out finally this year, and I think they'll come out just
in time for the holiday season, and you're going to get the Wiis in the different colors
finally, and I think something will happen to address the storage issues on the Wii.
I think, I don't know if the color systems are going to necessarily come with more on-board
memory, I have a feeling they will, but it's not going to be a major increase, just a slight
one.
Like what do they have now, 512 megs?
Yeah, 512.
I say they up the internal memory to 2 gigs, but there will be a firmware that will improve
the SD card support.
I can see that because with the price of flash ram, I mean, it's going to, it gets cheaper
every day, so I wouldn't see why they wouldn't do that.
I can also see on the DS with the on-board storage for downloadable games, virtual console
for the DS, so to speak, I guess.
I can see something definitely like that, I'm trying to think what else would be, PlayStation
redesign, I can see that, might even see a 360 redesign, especially if they get it cooler
and stuff.
And let's see, I don't want to take this on too much longer with just predictions I'm
pulling out of my ass, but just, you know, I think there's a possibility some of these
things will happen.
I think Nintendo, I think the big Christmas game they're going to reveal, I think Animal
Crossing is going to be their big winner game, and I think it is going to be an MMO, and
it is going to be a bit MySpace-y.
I think there is going to be a social element to it that no other game is really done yet.
I think that's going to be their big winner game.
But I also think this will be the year that Kid Icarus is finally revived.
I don't know.
Call it my gut.
And Guardian Legend finally comes to Virtual Console and we all collectively orgasm.
I can see them coming out with some more peripherals for the system.
They've got to.
I mean, what, the nunchuck and, you know, classic controller?
I mean, come on, you guys, seriously.
I want to fucking redesign the damn remote to, or make a gun thing.
I'm surprised someone hasn't hacked the remote yet to figure out how to get, you know, key
presses from there, because through that one port there to remove, like, the B button back
to where Trigger is, like the actual Zapper gun, because apparently that probably could
have been done.
I don't know.
But...
And not to leave Microsoft out, I'm going to make a bold prediction for them.
I say because this latest update has shown that they can do buffering video and they
can do it very well, like if you watch the Inside Xbox stuff, that all works out very
well.
I think Microsoft is going to make a Web 2.0 move this year and I think you're going to
see something YouTubey come to the Xbox 360.
And it's going to be the reason to get a camera if you don't already have one.
I think something YouTubey is going to happen on Xbox 360 in either the spring or the fall
update.
So, we'll see.
All right.
So those are our bold 2008 predictions.
And there's one more thing we could not do a show without.
It just would not be a show if we did not do the FUs of the week.
But this week it's very special because these are the FUs of the year.
So these are the things that have pissed us off the most above anything else the entire
year.
Dark Soccer, I want you to start us off tonight with the FUs of the year.
I guess my FU of the year is going to go towards the city of Citrus Heights for the crap they're
doing regarding massage therapist business licenses just because that completely interferes
with a year's worth of hard work I've put into making my business happen.
So fuck you.
All right.
Loki, your FU of the year.
I don't have anything that's like really all consuming for the entire year.
But for this week at least, FU at Nvidia and your crappy graphics drivers because for whatever
reason whenever I reboot my computer, not only does it not save my settings to what
screen resolution I have, if it did for whatever reason actually boot up in my desired resolution,
it flashes black and then back to the picture and blacks out again and constantly does that
until I change the graphics to a different aspect ratio and then change it back.
It's fucking annoying.
And my FU of the year goes to bugs because bugs suck, especially flies that fly around
in the room when you're trying to do a show.
All right.
That's going to do it unless there's any last minute things anybody wants to say.
Sure.
Who knew?
All right, Loki.
In case you didn't catch that earlier when I was talking about it, No More Heroes has
moved up to January or at least the end of January, so it's moved up a week.
So hooray, get to play the game even sooner in the United States.
Apparently there's a thing going around right now where some of the nunchucks that Nintendo
has put out recently, I don't know if it's the coloring or something, but they're becoming
discolored like pink.
That's kind of funny.
So they're less manly.
And then I don't know if anyone saw this.
Apparently there is a company called PEGA and they're releasing yet another gun peripheral
for the Wii.
This one, though, is shaped like a shark.
It's called the Shark Gun.
In fact, they were actually, they had a whole press release for this thing.
It was hilarious.
They had something, was it, during the gun fighting game, use the Wii remote, nunchuck,
and shark gun together, holding the handle of the shark gun and poking the trigger with
your forefinger to shoot.
We'll bring you a you are there feeling.
But it's funny though because they have military guys on the cover shooting guns and stuff,
although they're not the shark gun.
So it'd be funny if the military had shark guns.
All right, that's enough news.
It can wait until next week.
Next week on Orange Lounge Radio, we're back to our classic format.
All three of us will be discussing the latest and greatest in gaming news.
Of course, your call's on Skype as always, and who knows who might put us on hold next
week.
We'll see.
Wait, wait, wait.
I got one more thing on the Shark Gun.
God damn it.
Sorry, this is funny.
It's one of the features on there.
With lively appearance and smooth lines, Shark Gun makes you feel comfortable and gives you
a strong sense of shark-like invincible force.
That isn't a new name.
I don't know what is.
Let's get around, go around and get everybody's final thoughts until next year.
I'll start off because I was going last for most of the other stuff.
So my final thought is I want more penguins.
I want a real one to live in the garage.
That's what I want.
DarkSakara, what's your final thought?
I want money.
Give me.
Money is good.
Loki, your final thought?
My prediction for 2008, Dusk Cap 4.
I have one more actually.
Oh, yes.
Reject false icons.
It's been a while since we've had a good, hearty reject false icons.
It's good.
All right, for myself, DarkSakara and Loki, everybody please have a happy and very safe
New Year's Eve, New Year's Day.
Please don't drink and drive because if you do, you're retarded.
That's really it.
We'll see you guys in 2008 for our sixth year of broadcasting, if you can believe it.
We'll be back next week here on Orange Lounge Radio.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast programs, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next week.
