Tonight, December 16th, 2007, internet radio hits the PSP in one part of the world, Mass
Effect and Assassin's Creed boast big sales, and how would you feel about a wee rain check
under the tree this Christmas?
Hello everybody out there on the internet, and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge
Radio.
We are that program on the internet dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture,
and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts, joining me as always, say hello to the one and only, Dark Sakura,
Jamie Summers.
Yo.
How you doing, Miss Summers?
Long day?
Long weekend?
I don't know.
Yeah?
I'm thinking about it still.
I'm making a decision.
A decision?
But I can't do it without having, you know, without being fully informed.
Okay, well that's good.
You should always be fully informed when making a decision.
Yeah.
And I would like to say a nice decision on your shirt to wear to the show tonight.
I know the Op 11ers can't see it because the way our cam is, but...
I could go put my boobs in front of the camera.
A lovely, I bet the boys would like that.
A lovely...
That's quite all right.
A lovely pyramid head t-shirt she's wearing today with Silenil.
I'm wearing my very, very favorite long-sleeved shirt.
Very nice.
Keeps you warm.
Pyramid head keeps you warm during these winter months.
Keeps you warm with evil.
All right.
Sounds good.
Say hello as well to the one and only tech master, Loki.
Hello.
How are you doing, Loki?
I'm okay, I guess.
You're okay, you guess?
Uh, feeling a little ripped off.
What happened?
Um, well just a company I've been buying, like, stuff from my new computer with, uh,
EVGA, and I bought my motherboard and my graphics card from them.
Uh, literally the day after I bought my graphics card, NVIDIA went and redesigned it.
Made it cheaper, faster, and, um, better.
So that sucks.
And then, the motherboard that I bought doesn't have an onboard speaker, um, also doesn't
have, some of the motherboards have these little LED readouts for error codes.
So mine has none of that.
So, go figure, I go to boot up my computer, and nothing comes up.
So either the graphics card or the motherboard's broken.
Of course, I can't tell what's wrong, since there's no beeps, nor indication of what's
wrong.
And, I'm looking at the motherboard that they sell on EVGA's site, and there's stuff missing
off mine.
Like, um, I don't know, a PCI express slot that's supposed to be there that's not, and
uh, some other shit, so, they're gonna get an angry call tomorrow.
Sorry to hear that.
And now you just talked smack about them on your internet show, so, that's just lovely
to know.
Oh yeah, now they're feeling hurt.
Our always present fourth guest here on the program, chat.orangelaungeradio.com, our chat
room, we always tape live on Sunday nights, I know there's a lot of folks that listen
to us in our taped form on the podcast, um, but, of course listening live is a whole other
element where you get to, uh, do interactivity, um, question from AZHP, which graphics card
was it?
It's a 8800 GTS.
That means nothing to me, I have no idea what that's about.
It's a Nvidia card, they redesigned the GT, um, which made it a little bit faster using,
you know, the 65, uh, nanometer chips, and now they did the same thing with the, uh,
8800 GTS's.
So, for example, I paid for my card, it was like, um, let's see here, I think it was about
$364.99.
Wow.
Yeah, well that sounds, that's, that's quite a bit for a card.
Well here's the best part though, cause see, now I can get an even faster card, I wanna
save for about $100 cheaper.
Which is annoying.
I mean, it'll have, it'll have slightly less, um, graphics memory cause I had, uh, 640 megs
of RAM on there, but let's see here, the one now, the GTS, uh, it'd be 512 megs of, um,
RAM, and, okay, well it's not at that cheaper I guess, it's only, uh, it's $359.99, but
still, okay, it's a little bit cheaper, and it's even faster.
Alright, jeez, suddenly we're turning into the PC, uh, graphics card podcast, but that's
alright cause I know there's a lot of PC gamers who, um, are really into this graphics card.
For me, I just need something to play WoW on, but you all know about that addiction.
Here's what I really wanna ask about though, uh, I noticed you brought one of your Xboxes
with you tonight, I don't know if this is when you wanted to bring this up or not, but
I'm bringing it up.
Sure.
You gotta show the OP11 people, I know this isn't great for the podcast, but we can kinda
talk about this, you've got your Xbox modded, and I don't mean like the, you know, piracy
mods or whatever, I mean the other ones.
You have like a, you have like a glass thing on your Xbox, that's really cool.
What is this, where did you buy this, why did you do this, can you, can we show this
to the OP11 people?
Um, I have to plug it in for it to look good.
Oh, is it not plugged in?
It's not plugged in right now.
Oh, okay.
Remember you said not to plug to me.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, alright, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You know, I can plug it in real quick.
Yeah, do it real quick, do it real quick.
Hopefully we don't blow a circuit and the, uh, show comes to a screeching halt, but if
we suddenly go off air, you know what happened.
We, uh.
Hey, if it explodes, it'll hit you guys first.
It's, exactly.
So, Jamie, maybe duck a little bit, uh, have Pyramid Head protect you with his blade while
we do this, and hopefully the folks on cam can see this.
Um, again, there's always, I, I think, I think the archives on OP11 are working again, so
you might be able to see this in the archives on OP11, but yeah, you turn it on, and it
glows blue inside, which I think is all kinds of awesome.
It looks like, it's like how a lot of people have modded their PC cases to do.
That's pretty rad.
Um, okay, I guess the folks in chat have seen enough of that, so, uh, what exactly, why,
why did you do that?
Was it just for the challenge, or what was it?
Let me, uh, Loki's not near a microphone.
Excellent live radio.
I understand ya.
So why exactly did you, um, decide to mod this and make it blue in there?
Because it's cool.
You just, you just wanted something the other kids didn't have, right?
Exactly.
Alright.
I just, um, I did it to, well, three of them so far.
I still have one more that I haven't done yet, because they're a bitch.
To be honest, though, it may look cool, but it sucks.
Why is that?
Um, the brand of clear case I bought, which I think it was like a ghost case or something
like that, uh, they suck.
They don't fit right.
So for example, you'll notice that one has still the old faceplate on it.
Well, there's a clear faceplate for it.
The problem is it jams DVD drive.
Now, Tigerclaw has a very good point in our chatroom.
Modding the 360 may be cool, but it also voids the warranty, so you just, you know, you don't
care about the warranty, you'll just take your chances.
Yeah, just like I did the other one.
That one was modded in the other way, so.
I see.
Alright, well, we'll get into that a little later.
Let's go around and check.
Well, and then, yeah, we'll also, we'll have, you know, the wonderful Christmas light effect
on there, since it's got the flashing green, er, three flashing lights on it.
It's awesome.
Alright.
The red rings of death.
Hooray!
Congratulations on that.
Uh, let's, let's go around and ask the question about our gaming weeks, because that's how
we're supposed to start off the show before we get into ooh and aah-ing over a blue 360.
Uh, Dark Soccer, how was your gaming week?
Um, I had a Christmas present last night.
I have Portal.
Sweet!
Yeah, and I knew that, I totally knew Dan got it for me, because I checked our online
banking, and I saw that, um, he had already told me how much it was used at his store,
and then I saw that much come out of the bank spent at GameCrazy.
And then, that day, I felt a game in my stocking.
I didn't take it out, but I knew what it was.
And so, last night, um, I went in there, um, and was just, uh, playing around with him,
and, uh, our friend, well, his friend Will was visiting, and we, uh, Dan said, oh, and
by the way, and took it out of my, uh, stocking, and I was like, hey, cool!
And then they were taunting me with it, and then I got it back, and so, uh, Dan, like,
was gonna play, like, a level.
He ended up playing, like, up to, uh, the Weighted Companion Cube level.
Nice.
It's addicting!
Yeah.
And, um, it was pretty funny.
He was, he was very silly.
And then, um, I, uh, played World Cup soccer pinball last night, because I hadn't played
any pinball in a week, and lots of Ragnarok.
And a little Olendan.
Very cool.
Hey, I gotta ask you, though, um, since, you know, you, you put on your investigative hat
to find out that your husband had bought you the, uh, orange box for Christmas, were you
the type of child that looked under the bed for what mom got you for Christmas, or what?
No, first of all, mom kept everything in the closet, and then, second of all, I, the only
reason...
I like how you know, you have to correct me, like, no, if I wanted to look at the presents,
I went to the closet.
Well, that's cause, that's where she kept them, cause my mom was not creative.
Um, but, I happened to be checking the online banking to see if my bonus got in, and that's
why I was looking.
And then I saw, forty-something dollars spent at Game Crazy, I'm like, oh, gee, who's been
the one talking about wanting orange box for Christmas, and there it was.
So that's when I, I got my investigative hat on when the clue presented itself.
Very nice.
Did I ever tell you the story about when I got my Super Nintendo when I was twelve?
I don't know if I've told the story on this program, actually I might have been eleven,
I don't remember, but I asked for that for Christmas, and that's all I really wanted,
was the Super Nintendo, right?
And so we opened up all the presents under the tree, and, you know, I saved the big,
big present for last, cause I, I kinda guessed that maybe it was the Super Nintendo I wanted
for Christmas, right?
And so I opened the very last present, and it's a San Francisco Giants jacket.
Ah!
And if you know me, you know I love sports.
So I was, like, crushed, and I was, like, about ready to cry, you know, I didn't, I
didn't want to cry cause I didn't want to look like a baby, but, you know, inside the
gamer nerd in me is, like, wanting to cry and sob and throw things, be the spoiled brat
I am, right?
Well then, finally, after everybody opens their present, presents, my sister comes to
me with one tiny, tiny, tiny little gift and says, there's one more thing, and on it was
written on an index card, um, a hint, and so I had to find where the next index card
was, and where the next card was, the next card, and finally about five times it took
me, like, out in the garage or something up in the rafters and that's where the Super
Nintendo was.
That's cool.
And so the moral of the story is I get what I want, cause I'm a spoiled brat.
And I got a Super Nintendo with Super Mario World, and then they bought one more game
for me, right?
You know what game they ended up getting for me?
A game called Drakken, which I don't think anybody ever played, but the reason, it was
based on an old PC game, and it wasn't bad, the sequel to it, which I believe was called
Dungeon View, Drakken 2, was awesome, but the first one was a little meh, cause it was
a role-playing game where you didn't really control your characters at all, you just kinda
hoped they would beat the monster in their own way, it was really odd, it was kinda neat
I guess in its own way, but the reason why they bought that, because the guy at Sears
told them it was a big seller, and I'm like, okay, to this day, nobody, like, fucking knows
Drakken.
I remember when we bought a PC from Sears a long time ago, or thinking about it, no,
that was crap.
Never buy PCs from them.
I'm looking at comments from chat, this is good.
Tiger Claw says Drakken was a 3D RPG, so I'm not the only one that knows what Drakken is,
I'm sure there's other listeners that go, I remember that game.
Amaze Satsuma, I like this, says, when I was younger, I wasn't only the type to hunt for
my Christmas, I also opened the game boxes and replaced the game inside with the game
I already own.
That's messed up.
Actually, another year, my mom went to Target and got all this stuff, and I was like, looking
in the bags, when she came back from Target, not like intentionally, I wasn't really hunting
around for Christmas presents, I was actually looking for candy, like, I wanted to see if
she bought candy, because I wanted candy, and I freaking saw a copy of Fester's Quest
on the NES in one of the bags, and I was like, oh, crap, but then I decided to screw with
my mom later, because we went to the video store and I wanted to rent a game, so I grabbed
the box for Fester's Quest, I'm like, let me rent this game, let me rent this game,
and my mom's like, no, you don't need to rent a game tonight.
I'm such a bastard.
Alright, Loki, how was your gaming week?
It was okay.
Let's see, I played Saints Row again, more of that, and I played a little bit of Rock
Band last night, actually, that was pretty fun, played more of the drums for that, and
then, let's see, Burnout Paradise Demo, it's okay, I like it a lot better than some of
the other Burnout games, because you get to kind of free drive around the city and then
you start events, whatever, definitely don't recommend playing on a small TV, as we were
doing before the show, but it's pretty good otherwise.
I like the way the crashes look, I don't know, it's a little hard to see where the shortcuts
and stuff are in the game, but I guess that's why you gotta drive around more and stuff,
but I'll probably pick it up when it comes out in January, and then, let's see, other
than that, I think a little bit more Zelda Phantom Hourglass, pretty much done with that
game now.
Oh, very cool.
Would have been playing Crysis if my computer hadn't fucking sucked, stupid EVGA.
My gaming week, you know, kind of the usual stuff, been playing more World of Warcraft,
of course, Geometry Wars Galaxies, I've been getting a little further in, which I talked
about last week, fucking around with some of the stuff on the Wii, like Pokemon Snap,
awesome, you really can save pictures to the Wii message board, it kind of took me a little
bit to figure out how to do it, but basically if you have Pokemon Snap, you take the pictures,
by the way, Pokemon Snap doesn't control quite as nice as I remember it, like the controls
are kind of shitty, but the game itself is fun.
You know, you take the pictures of the Pokemon, right, and you can save your favorites to
this gallery.
If you back out all the way to the main menu and then go into gallery, you can look at
the pictures you took, but the Nintendo 64 kind of up-reses them from when you took them
in game to I guess the highest quality picture the Nintendo 64 could render.
When you're in that mode, you hit the minus key on your classic controller, and that is
what will post your picture to the Wii message board, and you can only post one a day, but
you can send the pictures, like I took a picture and I didn't know who to send it to, so I
sent it to Bobby Blackwolf because I thought he'd get a kick out of it, because something
told me Bobby's probably not a Pokemon Snap fan, so I took a dumb little picture of like
Pikachu or something and sent it to Bobby, so hopefully he got it.
I don't know, I didn't hear his show tonight to see if he said that he got any mail from
me, but we'll see.
I think that's a cute little feature, but you can only do that once a day, which is
kind of weird, but I'm assuming that must be the way the files are saved within the
Wii message board.
You don't want to fill up the hard drive with all these crappy Pokemon pictures, but that's
kind of cool.
Okay, VX JasonXVR, a webmaster, wants me to send the picture to him, so I will do that
a little later, absolutely.
And he's doing the Check Me Out channel.
Some other stuff I've looked at, I actually looked at this last week, but I forgot to
mention it on the show.
Xbox 360, a little demo came out for a game called Cultsep Saga, and the thing about Cultsep
is it was kind of like a cult game, if you will, on the PlayStation 2, where not a lot
of people had heard of it or played it, but it's a great game.
I love Cultsep on the PlayStation 2, and if you've read any reviews about this game, most
of the reviews on it are pretty accurate.
It's Monopoly meets Magic the Gathering, where you're moving around this board, and you're
trying to collect the most magical points, and you do that by laying these monsters down,
and when opponents land on the square where you've put down a monster, they can either
challenge the monster with one of their own monsters, or pay a toll, like, you know, you're
paying boardwalk, so they have to pay with some of their magic.
So that's basically the gist of the game, and I think it translated the 360 pretty nicely.
The only downside is that in playing, you know, obviously it's only the demo, I'm basing
my assumptions off the demo, but the demo appeared to be one of the exact same boards
from the PlayStation 2 version, I think the very first board, and it does look like there's
some more cards and things, but really it looks like all they've done on the 360 is
made it widescreen and up-resed everything to 720p, because when you're in the battles,
the cards do these cheesy little animations, like if you have a fighter attacking something,
a giant sword will swing and cut the card in half, or if you have these wolves attacking
whatever, giant jaws will descend on the other card, it's so cheesy, and you'd think they
would have changed some of that for the Xbox 360, like maybe they could have had these
really cool cutscene battles with the cards, but they didn't do it for whatever reason,
so I imagine the biggest draw to this game is going to be the Xbox Live Play, which I
can't imagine this game doesn't have, I mean I don't know for sure if it's in there, but
I can't imagine it doesn't, because you weren't able to do that on the PlayStation 2 version,
but it's a fun game, I like that game a lot.
RossdielUT says, Skye, seriously, this even sounds boring.
It's not for somebody who likes a fast action paced game, but if something like Puzzle Quest
is more up your alley, or something you think before you make your moves and stuff like
that, it's fun, it's certainly not fast paced, so there you have it.
Speaking of card games, I just wanted to mention, I vaguely remember the amount, because it
wasn't that much, but a little update to the Eye of Judgment sales in the US, I think we
sold yet another 17,000 units last month, so we're up to a whopping 32,000-ish around
there.
So 32,000 Eye of Judgment units sold, and the goal is, again, 1 million for Loki to
wear the tingle suit here on the program.
Good luck with that, I don't think he'll sell 1 million, period.
One other quick assessment, a game I completely judged based off the demo alone, which I know
is a big no-no, but I'm just putting that out there in front.
That new arcade release this week on Xbox, Arcadian Warriors, is that what it's called?
It's kind of like Diablo, which is pretty rad, because I think a game like Diablo would
be rad on Xbox 360, but I couldn't help but feel like it was just a bit of button mashing,
and I don't know if that's just because Fighter is the only class you can play in the demo.
I love the idea of a quest RPG fantasy type of game on Xbox Live Arcade, but this didn't
make me go, oh, I've got to buy the full game.
I love the fact that when I was kind of first playing it, I was like, wow, this is kind
of like Diablo, but then as I was playing it more and more, I was like, wow, this is
kind of repetitive.
So I don't know, I wish a friend of mine had the full version so I could get a taste of
what some of the other classes play like, but unfortunately that's not the way it's
set up.
So there it is.
All right, well, that's it for our gaming weeks.
No special guests in the studio tonight, just the three of us.
And Harvey.
All right.
Who's Harvey?
He's the giant rabbit.
The giant rabbit?
Well, we have some of our, we have Pikachu and Kirby behind us and Cartman.
That's rude.
And the cleared up in chat room, yeah, the 32,000 was domestic sales.
I have no idea what it's selling worldwide.
I can guarantee, though, it's not anything over 100,000 units already, so.
I'm fairly confident that, you know, it's never going to sell a million units.
Ross Steel UT in chat says, kind of like Diablo equals kind of repetitive, am I right?
I don't know.
I didn't get that same feeling from Diablo, but I think a lot of the strength that Diablo
had was the multiplayer mode, and to be fair, I didn't get to try that mode out on this
demo yet, so maybe that's where this game shines is being able to do multiplayer.
That might make the game a hell of a lot more fun, so that's why I put that disclaimer out
there.
I'm completely basing my judgment of this game off the demo.
But then again, that's what a lot of Xbox users do, so if you're going to put a demo
out there, you know, make sure it sells everything the game's got in it, right?
Am I right?
Yeah.
In fact, I think I'm going to change the bet a little bit to make it a little bit more
fair for everybody.
If the game ever sells a million units, and this could be like five years from now, it'll
still happen.
Okay?
Wow.
Ever.
Loki's given a little on the bet and says if the game can ever sell a million, a million
worldwide even?
Million worldwide.
Alright, nice.
If the game can sell a million worldwide ever, then Loki will wear the Tingle Suit.
Watch one of our listeners win the lottery and buy 900,000 of them, just watch it.
So it might be like three years from now.
I hope we're still doing this show three years from now or, you know, that could happen like
in 30 years and Loki's, you know, getting old going, what do you mean I gotta wear this
suit?
Alright.
I have judgment.
I don't remember that game.
What the fuck?
Alright.
Let's get into some housekeeping tonight before we start tonight's news of the gaming type.
There is no show next week.
We're not gonna be here next week.
We're taking December 23rd off for the holidays because Dark Soccer, myself and Loki all have,
you know, family and friends stuff to attend to.
So we're not gonna be here on December the 23rd.
However, for those of you that listen live, it is my understanding there is a very special
OLR Christmas that's gonna happen thanks to some of our other OLR personalities, so stay
tuned for that.
That will not hit the podcast feed, but it will go up on our MySpace and our live journal
and Facebook and all the fan communities we have.
You will still be able to grab a recorded copy of whatever mischief happens on the station
next Sunday, which I'm sure is gonna be very interesting.
We will be back on December 30th for our year-end special, and more to come on the website.
About that, a little closer to the day.
Also, I need to wish one of our listeners.
Sephiroth1215 had a birthday yesterday, so I'm supposed to say happy birthday.
And I know he's been a longtime listener of the show and has come out and met him in New
York City on some of the OLR meetups and stuff, so happy birthday!
Happy birthday.
Thank your mother.
Thank your mother.
Yes.
For having you.
Yes.
For giving birth.
Good idea.
All right.
Anyways.
Gaming news time, yes?
Yes.
All right.
So starting the show off here.
Guitar Hero 3.
It's getting a brand new patch to fix a few things and add a couple things.
Some of the things that they're fixing, improving the online quick match results, and also adding
a calibration screen improvements, I guess.
So that's kinda cool.
And also, one of the things that they're adding for PlayStation 3 users, the co-op quick play
mode.
So, other than that, various other stability improvements and fixes.
I wish they'd add some new characters or something.
I don't know.
I don't know.
But, other than that also, there's also going to be a new download pack, and they've added
two different ones, one of which is from the Warner Reprise track pack, I guess.
And that's going to include Pretty Handsome Awkward by The Used, Sleeping Giant by Mastodon,
and No More Sorrow by Linkin Park.
Also, they have single download packs, including some, I guess, from popular European bands.
So Peyoso by Extremaduro, and Antisocial by Trust, and Erton Was We're Sayin' by Durf
and Fantisian Vere.
I don't know.
I probably butchered all that stuff.
And then, I guess, a free exclusive rock rendition of a holiday classic, We Three Kings by Steve
Oymette.
You know what's kind of funny, though?
I would have hoped that they would have had more Christmas songs and stuff, like get the
London Symphony Orchestra or something like that stuff in there, or the Trans-Siberian
Orchestra.
That has that.
Twisted Sister Christmas.
I like that idea.
Twisted Sister Christmas.
A friend of mine's been linking me to a lot of the songs on them because someone uploaded
them on YouTube.
But seriously, though, Trans-Siberian Orchestra, that would be perfect.
You can even do that as a free download pack.
I like free.
Free is good.
Especially for Christmas.
Come on.
Or the holidays.
Sorry.
We have to say the politically correct term.
The holidays.
Credit to Activision or Harmonix, I'm going to say Activision, for actually giving a free
song for Guitar Hero 3.
But the rest of those packs, of course, is going to be $6.25.
There you have it.
Now here's why I never wish listeners a happy birthday on the program, because of course
now we had someone else pipe up and Footy Monster says, it was my birthday last week
too.
Happy birthday, Footy Monster.
In fact, just so we don't get any more emails going, it was my birthday, it was my birthday,
and all that stuff.
If you had a birthday between December 9th and December 15th, which would have been last
week, or today, December 16th, happy birthday to you.
The rest of you, sit on it and wait for your turn.
Just to you a few.
Happy unbirthday to you.
All right.
Speaking of Guitar Hero and Rock Band, there's drama.
I mean, it's like these two are having some real drama, pillow fights and everything between
them.
But here it is.
You know how, of course, there's the compatibility issues with the guitar.
Well, what was supposed to happen is that Rock Band was going to get an update on the
PlayStation 3 so that the Guitar Hero 3 controller will work with it.
Well, it didn't happen, and Harmonix took to their forums to explain the reason why.
Two weeks ago, Harmonix created a software patch for the Sony PlayStation 3 version of
Rock Band that allowed for guitar compatibility and support for third-party peripherals, including
enabling use of Activision's Guitar Hero 3 controller with Rock Band.
The compatibility patch was submitted, approved, and had been scheduled for release by Sony
on Tuesday, December 4th.
Unfortunately, Activision objected to the compatibility patch's release.
The patch remains with Sony, but we have been told that it will unfortunately not be released
due to Activision's continued objection.
So, you know, boo Activision to doing that.
I'm sure they had their own reasons, money, motivating people to just go out and buy little
wine bitches.
I don't know.
I don't know.
That's kind of too bad.
Well, did you see the whole thing where Activision was blaming Harmonix for that, saying it's
their fault?
Because that's kind of stupid.
No.
What happened to that?
So, Activision followed up and said, no, it's Harmonix's fault.
It's their fault.
I don't even remember the reasoning why.
I'm like, well, why would they not do that?
Is it their fault because they left, you know, Activision to make a game with another company?
Is that why?
It's your fault that you left.
I mean, it's like getting caught in the middle of exes fighting, and that's never any fun.
Like, I don't know if you've been in that situation where you're caught in the middle
of these two exes, but that's what it feels like, and you know what?
We all lose when that happens, so boo to everybody involved for not being able to kiss and make
up.
There's a lot more whiny bitchery happening.
There is a class action lawsuit now going on against Activision for the whole mono sound
on the Wii edition of Guitar Hero 3.
They're saying that they willfully deceived the consumer with a statement that it had
Dolby Pro Logic 2 surround sound instead of mono.
There's a universe of difference between Dolby and mono.
So
It's a scam, but still, lawsuit?
Well, you know they've promised to put out replacement discs that have the sound issue
corrected?
Activision's not making any comment, though.
I don't think that they really, it's in their best interest to make a comment at this time.
Not while they're going through litigation.
Probably not, especially when they're trying to fix things, but I would think if anybody
wants to bring the smackdown on Activision, it ought to be Nintendo.
Not the consumer suing them in this whole thing.
I don't think the consumer is suing Nintendo, I think they're suing Activision.
Yeah, but I'm saying if anybody should put the smackdown on Activision, it ought to be
Nintendo, because Nintendo should go to Activision and go, you gave us a subpar version of the
game, then what you gave the other systems, naughty, naughty, naughty, you know, that
whole thing.
I wouldn't be surprised if they would do something too.
Everything's a subpar version on the Wii.
I guess that's true.
I disagree.
It's not just powerful, I mean in terms of graphics, so you have that whole thing as
well.
No, look at like, okay, look for example, Far Cry, Instincts on the Wii.
It was crap.
It had two player deathmatch, woohoo, two players.
Wow, you really pushed yourselves there, and you know, some of the other control issues
that they have, a lot of crappy ports of games, I'm looking at you Ubisoft, and I don't know,
overall they just don't care.
You see, the problem is also I think a lot of these people are used to putting out crappy
games without, you know, quality checking them very thoroughly because they can patch
them now on the PlayStation 3 and the, you know, Xbox 360.
I guess it's Nintendo's fault for not having a wonderful patch system so they can release
this crap and then fix it later.
Oh well, anyways.
One thing that's also going to need to be fixed is getting Rock Band to Canada.
Luckily though, they have confirmed now that Rock Band will be coming to Canada December
20th.
So a slight delay from, I don't know, November 20th, but at least you'll be able to play
it.
Hopefully you can find a copy.
Oh yeah, if you're waiting for the PlayStation 2 version in Canada, well they haven't really
confirmed on when that's coming too, so.
But seriously, why settle for Rock Band on the PlayStation 2?
Because with the amount you're going to pay for that, you really ought to just put that
down towards another console, right?
Am I right?
Well, here's the thing.
If you do buy it on PlayStation 2, at least if you do get a new console later that happens
to be PlayStation 3, you can use all the instruments from that on the PlayStation 3 version, because
they are identical.
Yeah, but then you have to buy a PlayStation 3, and I don't know if everybody wants to
do that.
Good point.
Alright.
Well, anyhow, moving on to other PlayStation 3 games, including one that I know a lot of
people are excited about, Metal Gear Solid 4 could be the game that definitely drives
sales of the PlayStation 3, and another little perk included in the game to further make
people want to buy this.
Remember an earlier story, which I think was blown out of proportion, but nevertheless
it was reported on previously that Metal Gear Solid was supposed to move a million units
in its first day in order to recover the cost or whatever?
It would need to, yeah.
Yeah.
Well, this could do it, because this is another inclusion that's pretty awesome, and this
came from PlayStation, the official magazine, and their latest issue.
They have confirmed that Metal Gear Online is going to be included, or at least, sorry,
there's going to be like a demo version of it, or some type of limited version of Metal
Gear Online included with Metal Gear Solid 4, Guns of the Patriots.
Actually, no, I take that back, it was originally going to be two separate games, and now it
looks like actually they are going to be coming together with one game.
And Metal Gear Online will have 16 player support, Deathmatch, Team Deathmatch, King
of the Hill, Team Sneak, could this be PlayStation 3's version of Halo 3?
Who knows?
Well, certainly not.
No.
Well, they're different types of games, of course, and you could say Unreal Tournament
is kind of their Halo, but, you know, kind of neat.
I don't know, though, that's just like saying Metal Gear Solid Portable Ops was its own
game, and then the online portion was another game.
It's still the same damn game, and the college is Metal Gear Online, so Metal Gear 4, the
online portion of it, I think it's stupid.
It's kind of deceiving the buyer.
I think here's where it comes from, why is this just a demo or is this a full game, is
because they are saying in the magazine, quote, expecting five maps in the starter pack that
will provide the basic setup to get your Metal Gear Solid multiplayer fix moving.
So is starter pack a fancy term for demo, or is starter pack something like a luminous
starter pack that you get on Xbox 360 Arcade, and then you have to buy all these freaking
add-ons to get more stuff for it?
Like the mad-ons.
Who knows?
That's true.
This is a little off topic, but it is talking about Konami, though.
All right, sure, why not?
I don't know if you noticed the first download pack for DDR Universe 2's up.
Yeah, I did actually notice that the other day, because I was poking around the marketplace,
because I myself was downloading the Burnout Paradise demo, I just haven't gotten a chance
to play it yet, and I did notice that.
I saw there were downloads for Universe 2.
Nothing I'm really excited about, though.
Well, because all the songs, from what I understand, are just crossing over from the Xbox series.
The original Xbox series.
I thought there was one I didn't recognize, but that's it.
Luckily, I can buy them separately, so I don't have to buy all the crappy ones.
But you get a discount if you buy all the crap together.
Nope, sorry.
I like how they try to trick you to do that kind of stuff.
Hey, if you buy ten bags of potatoes, you get them for a buck.
You know, ten for a dollar, really, there are ten for ten dollars.
Jamie, Loki's talking about potatoes.
Please save us.
How about some ass hattery from Sony?
Alright.
Well, the Sony CEO, Howard Stringer, is full of crap, because he's quoted as saying,
I'm happy the Wii seems to be running a bit short of hardware.
The PlayStation 3 will come into its own because its games are infinitely more fun, demanding,
and exciting.
Yeah, that's bullshit.
Wait, the Wii is short on hardware?
I mean, there's a variety of third-party things out there for the Wii.
Granted, most of them are shit.
Like I think about that little plastic golf club and stuff that you can get, the little
fake tennis racket.
But, you know, there's the Wii Zapper and stuff.
I mean, they're meaning the Wii itself.
So they're just saying, like, the Wii just isn't as fun as the PlayStation 3?
Pretty much.
I dispute that claim.
I've had a lot more fun playing games on Wii than on PS3.
The Wii is a lot of fun.
I mean, granted, you know, it's not that the PlayStation 3 is horrible, but right now it's
kind of close.
Well, they're thinking that they're going to sell more PlayStation 3s, but honestly,
we saw the stack at Best Buy, you know, and it's not just at that one.
It's at a multitude of stores that they're not moving the units.
People want a Wii.
He does understand that the reason there are no Wiis is because people want them so bad,
and so they keep selling out, whereas the PlayStation 3 doesn't have that problem because
they're not selling out.
I mean, I don't understand, and where does he get off saying, you know, that their games
are more fun?
Because if you like first-person shooters and broken games, that's awesome.
I see the PlayStation 3 has a lot of potential.
It does have potential.
It just hasn't done anything.
I watched that trailer for Final Fantasy 13.
There's a new one that came out this week and it looks fucking amazing.
It looks absolutely fucking amazing.
It's fucking amazing when it comes out Christmas 2009, but I'm not going to wait that long
for that shit.
And I am so all over a PlayStation 3 like, I don't know, like candy, like a fat kid on
candy, but that trailer is amazing, but for right now, there's not a lot that's making
me want to get a PlayStation 3.
If they had that at launch, we wouldn't be talking about that.
We'd be like saying, wow, look at the PlayStation 3.
It's selling millions and millions of units, and Final Fantasy 13 is fucking awesome.
I can play this all day long.
But no, it's just, the problem is it's not going to come out for a long time and we got
more stories talking about some of the other things that were promised to be out earlier,
you know, in 2008, but are probably not.
So well, just to illustrate a point, Dan says that he gets about maybe 50 calls a day for
people asking for a Wii, and I don't think he's mentioned anyone calling it at all for
a PS3.
RustyLUT in chat makes a good point, the Wii is selling on fat appeal.
Look for the shitty software sales for even the good games, right, Zack and Wiki?
Although granted, when you consider the Wii, now my thing is, the Wii is selling to families,
and so games like Zack and Wiki that might be good games for people who follow the gaming
scene and read game reviews, that doesn't quite catch mom's eye, but you know, games
based on movies and all that stuff, and Mario, like Super Mario Galaxy, that kind of shit
catches mom's eye.
And when Wii Fit comes out over here, it's going to start all over again.
I think he kind of has a point, the Wii does make a lot of its sales on fat appeal, but
I mean, that's money for Nintendo, and when this whole Wii Fit thing comes out, I'm going
to tell you, it's going to happen all over again, it's going to continue this fad craze
of the Wii until 2008, and I just hope it's a good game, and fun, and useful.
Who cares how they're selling systems, at least they're selling systems, you can't even
fucking pick a damn approach to how they're selling your systems, oh it's a PC, oh it's
a Blu-ray player, oh it's a game system, you can't fucking make your mind up.
So whatever, at least it's selling.
Alright, let's move on.
If we want to pay attention to these analysts and say, oh yeah, the PS3 is going to take
over in 2011, oh good for them, by that time the next system will be coming out.
Anyways, so the PSP got some pretty cool improvements with the new Japanese firmware, one of which
we're never going to see over here, but that's fine, it's a new DVR, but that's for their
TV service that they have, because they have the TV card.
The other thing though, which I hope we see over here, and hopefully we'll be able to
utilize, is internet radio.
You'll actually be able to tune in different channels, I think it's over Shoutcast actually,
yeah it is powered by Shoutcast, so that's kind of cool that they have that kind of support,
I know for a while there they had the Homebrew PSP radio that you could use and it looks
kind of similar, so, you know, we need to broadcast on Shoutcast.
I was going to say, OLRPSP.com I think needs an update badly, especially if that ends up
coming out over here.
We need people to be able to listen to OLR.
Well, we don't broadcast over Shoutcast though.
Well sort of, I think you can tap the live 365 feed into Shoutcast somehow.
No.
Can't you?
No.
Damn it!
I don't know how, at least.
Interesting.
If you could, that'd be awesome.
I'm going to have to do that, because I know we get emails once in a while from people,
right?
That say we listen on PSP, we listen on PSP.
If that stuff comes out over here, heck, even if it doesn't come out over here, I bet there's
got to be at least a handful of people that listen on their PSPs to this program in Japan.
We ought to be able to let them listen live on their PSPs.
Why not?
Why not?
Get on that, Loki!
Make it happen!
Oh, well let me just figure out how to broadcast on Shoutcast, that'd be awesome.
Hey, you do that homework assignment.
I've already tried doing that stuff.
I can't figure it out.
I'm too stupid.
Sorry to hear that.
Let's get to some release dates.
Speaking of our friends over in Japan, I've got the Japanese release dates for you coming
on the Xbox 360, December 20th.
FIFA 08 World Class Soccer comes out in Japan.
Moving on with the release dates, we also have a release of FIFA 08 on the PlayStation
3.
The GunCon makes its way to the PlayStation 3 separately, I assume.
Oh no, Time Crisis finally comes out in Japan as well.
It's a little later down my list here.
So Time Crisis 4 makes its way to the PlayStation 3 in Japan this week, also on the 20th.
Medal of Honor Airborne also makes its way from EA to the PlayStation 3 in Japan this
week.
Coming out on the Nintendo Wii, Crazy Climber Wii.
Remember we reported on this earlier a couple months ago.
They were remaking the classic 80s game Crazy Climber for the Wii.
Japan will finally get its first look at that this week.
And maybe we will soon, too.
Who knows?
Mr. Robinson's from Disney makes its way to the Japanese market December 20th with their
own game on the Wii.
Another port of FIFA 08 as well.
And SpongeBob SquarePants, Attack of the ToyBots, comes out as well from THQ on December 20th.
Cats with a Z2 and Dogs with a Z2.
If you thought this was the only country that got those shitty games with Zs on the end
They're not bad, actually.
Nintendo Wii, really?
They're not that bad.
Really?
Cats, too.
I want to hear about this.
I want to hear about this.
They're not awesome, but they're not horrible.
Cats 2 actually got a pretty decent review.
It's funny because they even have that stupid frog cat that you see on Caturday and stuff
like that.
They have that kind of stuff.
You literally can dress up your animals like that.
But then your cat will hate you.
Dark Deceus is right there.
Cats 2 equals frog cat.
It seriously does have the frog cat on there.
So it's stupid, but hey, over here, at least in the United States, it's only like 30 bucks.
So wait, find one to use for like 10 bucks or something like that.
There you go.
Or if you feel like paying twice as much, you could import the one from Japan.
I'd rather not because it's already out over here.
There's no point importing.
Moving on with other release dates, the PlayStation 2 is getting some releases as well.
Myself Yourself is a game that's coming out.
There's a limited edition of it as well on the 20th.
Another game called Pia Carrot y Yokoso, G.O.
Summer Fair.
Also has a limited edition.
Pia Carrot's old school too.
That's an old school anime, right?
The games have been out for quite a while.
Well, I guess it's another one coming out December 20th, just in time for Christmas
over in Japan.
Looking at a couple other games, I want to see if there's anything on the DS or PSP because
of course those are always crazy.
Port of Meet the Robinsons on the DS.
Doko Demo Pilates comes out.
That's not pirates.
That's Pilates comes out in Japan as well.
Dora Base.
Doraemon Chow Yaku Gaiden comes out from Namco on the Nintendo DS.
A puzzler called DS Puzzler.
Numpla DS Puzzler comes out as well on the Nintendo DS.
And I'm sure a lot of people are very excited about this.
This is one that folks might even be importing.
Final Fantasy IV, the remake, hits Japan this week on the Nintendo DS.
I'm sure that's going to be the best selling game of the week as far as the new stuffs
go.
I like the sound of this game though.
Pinky Street Kira Kira Music Night.
Ah, fun!
I actually have Pinky Street dolls.
Really?
What they are, they're these little plastic dolls and they're maybe about, I would want
to say like three inches tall.
They're smurf sized.
But anyway, no that's three apples high.
You can take off their heads and change them out and take off their hair and change them
out and it's like you snap them into place is how they work.
And so they're fully customizable and I guess it would be the same type of thing on the
game as you customize your Pinky and I've got like a few of them by now.
They even did Street Fighter and King of Fighters themed ones in Sakura Taisen.
So I've got a few of those.
Oh, very interesting.
Is there any interest in getting this game?
Importing it maybe?
No.
Alright.
After all that.
Alright, that's it for Japanese release.
That's all I'm going to cover on Japanese release dates.
Let's move on.
So is that like, you know, build a human type thing?
Not really.
I'll find a link for the chat room.
I have no idea.
Let's go over to Europe.
Only one game is on the list.
Yeah.
On the 19th Sensible World of Soccer.
Oh, coming out finally to the Xbox 360 Live Arcade.
That is it.
So I guess it's slowing down because it's Christmas time.
I guess so.
How about the US?
The US has got a few things, not as much as usual.
Anyways, a few things.
MX vs ATV Untamed coming out on PSP, Playstation 2, Xbox 360, and Playstation 3 and DS.
Elements of Destruction is coming out on DS and that game is kind of neat looking.
It's basically, you kind of play mother nature so you can cause tornadoes and fires and stuff.
It is also coming to Xbox Live Arcade at some point, so that's kind of neat.
And then let's see here, Warhammer 40,000 Squad Command on the DS.
Dyson Ryaku Exceed coming to the Playstation 2.
And let's see here, also the Playstation 2 of Rock Band, that game is coming out this
week as well.
So let's see here, Atari Classics Evolved for the PSP, another one of those compilation
sets.
Luxor 2 on the DS.
And Night's Journey of Dreams on the Wii, so you can get your night's fix here pretty
soon.
Jamie's applauding over there.
I'm getting my night's fix already.
Did you ask Santa for that for Christmas?
I'm probably going to get it, but we've been playing Christmas night.
And then one other thing I was going to mention here real quick, it's not a game but I thought
it's interesting anyways.
Mad Catz is putting out an HDMI conversion kit.
It actually, it's for all those people like me that do not have an Xbox 360 with HDMI
out.
It plugs into the back of your system and allows you to do HDMI and optical out as well.
Although the only sting to it is that it retails for $89.99.
Nintendo announced this week, obviously they're having some issues staying on top of manufacturing
enough Wiis for everybody out there, so this is their contingency plan they announced this
week.
Reggie Fils-Aime came out this week and said, hey, we're joining up with GameStop.
We're going to create this Wii rain check program.
Basically what happens is that if you pay GameStop $250, then you get a rain check that
promises you a Wii by January 29th, I believe was the day, the end of next month.
So this is for all those people who are having issues trying to get the Nintendo Wii at the
store or what have you.
And the reason why Nintendo wanted to partner up with GameStop is because GameStop really
already has it in their system to be able to take these type of deposits for games.
That's at least the reason why they did it.
The only days, however, that you can do this, December 20th and 21st are the only days that
you are going to be able to do this.
However, there are supposed to be tens of thousands of rain checks available and who
knows, that may still not be enough for the demand of the console because it's the Furby
of 2007.
It's the Cabbage Patch Kid.
That's the gift of this year.
I waited in line.
For a Wii?
For my Wii.
I know.
I made my roommate wait in line for mine and it worked.
Did very well.
See, it just goes to show that sometimes waiting in line for these things actually does pay
off.
Right.
But at the same time, how would you feel if you were one of those kids?
Let's flashback.
I told the story earlier in the show about me as the spoiled brat when I was a kid.
Let's flashback to me as the spoiled brat as a kid who wanted a Nintendo Wii this Christmas.
Now I open up my present to get one of these rain checks.
Am I going to be a satisfied kid or am I going to cry?
You're a bad parent if you give your kid a rain check.
Really?
Yeah, I think so.
I think it's an okay alternative.
I mean, the kids aren't going to understand at first, but at the same time, they're going
to get a Wii.
You don't need to wrap up a rain check because they don't fucking understand that.
You just say, listen, we couldn't get you one right now, but we will get you one by
the end of January.
You don't have to say, here's a fucking rain check for you.
I mean, that's just like, kids are like, what?
I don't understand this.
I'm not getting a Wii.
Where's the controller?
Where's Mario?
Santa hates me.
He's going to go take the rain check and soak it with his tears is what he's going to do.
Well you know what, in my family when I was a kid, if there was something that I wanted
and didn't get, I lived with it.
Or you get a job mowing lawns or selling lemonade and you save up and you buy the fucking thing
yourself.
Or I stole it from my brother.
That's exactly what you do.
The year you wanted your Super Nintendo and everything, my brothers went into Super Nintendo.
And my mom asked me, should I get them a Super Nintendo or a Genesis?
You need to get them a Super Nintendo and you need to get these games.
She got them a Super Scope, Zelda.
She picked out Home Alone for some retarded reason.
That game sucked ass.
Home Alone?
Kevin McCallister's so cute.
And so my brothers played like five seconds of Home Alone.
And I beat Zelda that week.
Did your brothers even play the Super Nintendo or was this your present?
They played Home Alone and they're like, what did I do bad?
Seriously?
Why am I being punished?
No, they actually, my brothers and I played a lot of Blastress and the mole thing.
I'm going to get Jamie a copy of Home Alone on the Super Nintendo for Christmas and wrap
it in coal and put it in her stocking.
That'd be great.
My little brothers were too busy running around being little terrorists in the neighborhood
so I had the Super Nintendo.
Comments from chat, love it.
SSJ100Matt says, dear little Billy, I owe you a wee, love Santa.
Tiger Claw, what if you lose the rain check?
Wouldn't you be screwed?
I don't know if you would be because GameStop sucks because they'd be like, oh, you don't
have your receipt.
Sorry, Billy, you ain't ever getting away.
I seem to recall I didn't have my receipt once for a $5 pre-order and they still gave
it to me because it was in the phone number.
Not only that, they actually keep a copy of your receipt in the store, a physical copy,
and they file them.
Yeah, see, I've done that before.
They lost my receipt in the store.
I had my receipt still and they gave it to them and showed them and stuff and they're
like, well, we can't find your receipt here, so I don't know what to do.
My mommy wrote me a note from Santa that said the elves couldn't find a copy of Hey You
Pikachu because the store was sold out and I would get it eventually.
Well, seriously, this is why I love the concept of gift cards, especially for me being picky
as a kid.
Again, if I got something I didn't want, I always took it back to the store myself, returned
it myself, and got what I wanted.
Actually, I was just thinking something there.
Nintendo's quite smart teaming up with GameStop with this whole rain check thing because if
for whatever reason Nintendo can't deliver those Wiiis by the end of January, people
are going to be fucking pissed off at GameStop, but no one's going to remember that it's Nintendo's
fault.
I want to hear more about 10-year-old Jamie marching into the store and returning your
gifts.
Well, it's like my family would buy me ugly clothes, so I would make them drop me off
at the mall and then I'd go do all my exchanges myself and sometimes I'd get cash back and
then go over to Babbage's because we had Babbage's before GameStop took them all over.
You know I'm not going to wear this.
I'm taking it back to get games instead.
Oh my god, shoes.
Or if they wouldn't, I would just get a different pair of jeans or something.
It wasn't that I was ungrateful or anything.
Or a sick bastard, as GS68 put it.
No, it wasn't that I was ungrateful or anything because I was plenty grateful for the stuff
that I got because when I was growing up, we didn't actually have a whole lot of money.
When I was in first and second grade, we were actually poverty level.
I remember having icicles in my bathtub one winter and I'm not even joking.
Now I think I'm really spoiled, but when I was a kid, if I got something, then if it
wasn't what I wanted, I found a way to turn it into what I wanted, so it was just a matter
of that.
All these kids who say, oh, but I want a Wii, well, tough shit.
There are no Wiis.
Get something else.
You'll live.
Get a job, Billy, Sam, I didn't buy you a Wii because you don't have a job.
No, but you see, I think that there's just way too much of, oh, well, you know, and Dan
is actually saying, and I'm not going to go into any detail on this, this person is saying,
oh, I spent all this money in your store and I'm entitled to a Wii.
Well, we don't have any.
Tough shit.
I think that people need to learn to be, I guess, to take no for an answer and find something
else.
You know, I can just imagine if Jamie had a kid, or maybe I would do this to my kid
and I wasn't able to get a Wii for my kid, I would leave a no under the tree for something
like this.
This isn't like this.
Santa is very sorry that he could not get you a Wii this year.
He has more important things to do, like ending genocide in Darfur, right?
He doesn't do any of that kind of crap.
He just delivers.
He's a fucking glorified UPS driver is what he is.
No, but seriously, though, all these people that think they need special treatment stuff
or finding Wiis and stuff like that, I get customers asking, you know, yeah, I have someone
looking for a Wii.
I'm like, you know, it's like two weeks before Christmas, why the fuck are they just now
looking for a Wii?
Why didn't they plan this out?
Oh, well, they didn't know it was going to be so hard to find.
Well, tough shit for them.
Why should we cater to the fact that they're stupid?
All right.
I'm sure we've got lots of holiday stories.
Maybe we'll get some of them in our mailbag later from our listeners.
I'm not trying to be, you know, all kinds of, you know, rawr on it.
It's just I get kind of irritated with people expecting too much, you know, thinking they're
entitled to something when really what you're entitled to is a roof and food.
Xenocore in chat says, the toughest retail store in the US, Jamie's Gaming Outlet.
You'll get it when it's here.
Now, get out of my store.
Dude, I would do that, too.
All right, let's move on with more news, Jamie.
What's the latest news at Jamie's Gaming Outlet?
Hey, virtual console stuff.
For our friends in the UK, we have Pokemon Snap that was on the Nintendo 64 and, you
know, Pokemon Snap is great and it's fun and lovely.
And then we have Top Hunter that was on Neo Geo.
Yeah, I didn't really like Top Hunter all that much, so I'm not going to talk about
it.
The last one, which is almost as cool as Pokemon Snap, but cooler in its own respect, is Mega
Man 2 from Nintendo Entertainment System.
And if you don't know what Mega Man 2 is, you need to climb out of that cave you've
been living in for the past 20 years.
Do they have Mega Man 1 on virtual console over there?
I don't know.
Or is Mega Man 2 the first game they're getting?
I think Mega Man 2 is the first.
Dude, I want both and I want Mega Man 3.
The first one was great.
It really was.
Mega Man weapon.
It was different than all the others, but it was great and it had some awesome music.
Some of my favorite music ever from a video game was like a Lekkman stage.
But I really liked the metal blades, though, in Mega Man 2.
But I totally loved Mega Man 3 because you had to beat the game with the top, with like
the most useless weapon.
Ah, RasteelUT has a good point, though.
Yeah, I already have Mega Man Collection.
Good point.
Why not just get the Mega Man Collection and do the backwards compatibility with the GameCube
disc?
Good thought.
F the Virtual Console for Mega Man, huh?
Yeah, F the Virtual Console.
Why should I have to buy games again?
Damn you, Nintendo, and trying to get me to purchase stuff I've already purchased again.
And it works.
Yeah, stupid Game Boy.
Anyways, one thing that we're going to be getting over here pretty soon, Dragon Quest
Swords.
It's been announced to come to the US on February 26th.
It has a really fucking long name.
Dragon Quest Swords, The Masked Queen, and The Tower of Mirrors.
Too long of a subtitle.
But it looks like a pretty fun game.
I have not yet played the Japanese version of it, but you used the Wiimote to slash at
slimes, so that can't be that bad.
Didn't they have that same thing on the PlayStation 2, I seem to recall?
Like, I remember going to some anime convention and in a back room they had a Dragon Quest
game, they had a giant sword, and you'd slash slimes.
I think, yeah.
Well, they had an arcade version of that.
They did have an arcade version, so maybe it's the same thing.
Kind of neat.
Perhaps, but I guess this is taking a while.
Wasn't this supposed to be a launch game and we're just now getting it?
Uh, yeah.
Along with the whole Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles?
What the F square?
Where the hell did your Wii games go?
Uh, Crystal Chronicles, I want to say, was like June now.
Geez, that was supposed to be a launch game.
Am I crazy?
No.
I thought it was.
No, wait.
No, no, I'm sorry, not June.
I'm just kidding.
But it's only the DS version.
They haven't announced the Wii version yet.
Crystal Chronicles was kind of underrated.
I really loved that game.
The only problem with it is that, god, you had to have a lot of shit in order to be able
to play that game, including four people.
Four Game Boy Advances and four Link Kables and everything.
Yeah, everything.
Alright, well, if you want a Wii to be playing the Dragon Quest game on, of course we've
been talking about that they're practically impossible to find, but one thing to keep
in mind is that the Nintendo World Store in New York City and Rockefeller Center, they
get more shipments of the Wii every morning.
Apparently a reporter from Game Daily visited the store recently and observed that there
were 20 Wiis lined up behind the main counter just waiting for whoever's in line, but what's
been going on is that more and more recently, WCBS Radio reported not that long ago that
there were over 200 people camped out outside the store before the store even opened, and
some folks are traveling all the way from Virginia to get a freaking Nintendo Wii.
Oh shit, that's a good way to do it if you know they're going to get some in every day.
Hey, if you don't get it the first day, go see some sites, come back and camp later.
What about your day job?
I don't know, is it just me?
Fuck that, getting a Wii for Billy is more important.
I digress, but never mind.
Let's move on with some more gaming news.
Well, more Wii stuff is the game Castle Shigigami 3 will be coming out to Nintendo Wii next
year.
It has a lot to do with dodging bullets.
It's bullet hell.
Yeah.
Yay!
Good for those fans of Ikaruga and stuff like that, of course I think you can get...
It's a very interesting shooter, and also you collect coins while you play.
I wonder how that's going to control the Wii, I wonder if it's going to be like Geometry
Wars where you point at the screen where you want to shoot, or if it's going to have
that kind of functionality in it.
I don't know, it doesn't...
Uh, I think you're probably thinking way too much into it, they'll probably have this...
No, seriously, seriously.
They'll probably just have the controller turned sideways and playing it like a virtual
console game.
Oh, yeah, I guess that'll work too, huh?
Yeah, because I mean, a lot of these games don't use the motion controls and stuff like
that.
It'd be too hard, especially with pinpoint stuff.
Well that works.
Anyways, so, there's another game coming to the Wii, this is kind of interesting actually.
I laughed when I saw it, because even though there's a game that's just like it that's
already been announced, we don't know when that's coming out.
This game though, however, is coming out, I want to say in March.
Anyways, the game is called Wild Earth, African Safari.
Oh great, now the Wii's getting on the Africa craze as well.
Yes.
Wonderful.
Wild Earth, Africa, Safari.
Very similar to Africa, and it's...
How can you say that?
We don't know anything about Africa.
They are similar in the regards they are both about Africa.
Africa is a giant fucking place, I don't know if you are aware.
Hey, I will have you know that there's photography in this game, much like Africa.
There are animals just like Africa, they both take place in Africa.
If anything else, I would say this is more authentic, because they spelled Africa correctly.
Okay, so, whatever.
Anyways, Safari Photo Africa Wild Earth is a PC game, I guess it got released a while
ago and took home some awards in the 2003 Independent Games Festival, including the
coveted Sumas McNally Grand Prize, whatever the fuck that's supposed to mean.
Anyways, this game takes place, you are a photojournalist exploring Africa's Serengeti
National Park, tasked with taking photos of 30 different animals in their natural habitat.
And apparently if you get close to the animals for the perfect shot, or if you get too close,
the Wii remote will rumble, making it harder to snap the picture.
And the Wii version will include co-op multiplayer, one player to drive, while the other two shoot
photos.
Unfortunately, we can't run over the animals with the jeep, at least I don't think you
can.
Boring.
The only way I'm going to play any of these games is if I can run over the animals.
I don't get it.
Jamie, what the hell's going on here?
We're getting Africa on the Playstation 3, this Safari game on the Wii, yet still no
Jumbo Safari.
What the hell is wrong with this world?
Well, you know, we have no Jumbo Safari, but we also have no Planet Harrier.
Hi!
It's all those games that came out around that time, we have, you know, if Sega would
give us a dedicated platform, a dedicated system, then we would have all this awesome,
but no!
OMG, Dreamcast 2.
I wish!
Jumbo Safari packet game.
Well, wasn't Jumbo Safari, like, kind of a gun game almost?
Sort of.
Yeah, it was.
Well, it's like a harpoon thing.
No, you lassoed him.
It's a harpoon.
Harpoon.
Har-poo.
Har-poo.
Frisbee calls it Pokemon Snafrica.
There you go.
The only bad thing about this thing, and, you know, no offense to Majesco, but Majesco's
putting it out, and, I mean, seriously, what was the last good game for Majesco to come
out?
I'll give you a hint, there's one game that they put out in the Wii that I remember, and
that was at, oh, fuck, what was it called?
Bust a Move Bash or whatever, you know, it was a puzzle game, you can't really innovate
that much, but let me put it this way, the screenshots don't show much detail.
But there's a dead wildebeest.
I want to know why I can't run these things over with my car.
I'm going to be able to do that in Far Cry 2, so that's, at least I have that to look
forward to.
Alright, well, earlier in the show we were talking about GameStop and one of their latest
adventures with Nintendo.
Well, that's not the only adventure GameStop has announced that they're going on this week.
They are going to start creating tournament centers.
What this is, is it's something that's in addition to a standard retail store, and the
kiosks where you play the games on, instead of there just being one, there's a ton of
them.
Now, they're opening one of these in San Jose, and gosh, part of me kind of wants to go down
and check it out, maybe do a report for the show because it's not that far, and I go there
a lot.
But anyhow, apparently these places are going to have 24 networked gaming stations.
They're all going to have plasma display on it, and they're supposed to be doing various
competitions in these places.
Most weekends are when they're supposed to be doing it.
They're going to kick it off with a Madden tournament.
And the winner of the Madden tournament gets a $1,000 GameStop shopping spree, which they
could spend right there in the store.
I can't see how this is going to make them any money.
Is this like their idea of countering a LAN center, and that way of putting it on them?
Well, here's the thing, I don't know if they're going to be countering LAN centers, but one
of their competition chains that's kind of up and coming, they're starting to do this
play-and-trade is really, I think they're starting to take notes of that, and their
big thing is that they run tournaments, and they organize them nationwide and stuff like
that, and they run tournaments in the store a lot.
So they may be trying to compete with that.
But here's the thing, I don't understand how they're going to make any money from this.
I mean, really, I just, I don't know.
I mean, they're going to have all these TVs set up, unless they're charging people to
play on this stuff, like running out time.
Well, I imagine they have to be.
You pay a $20, $30 entry fee, and if you get 50 people to enter it, there's a $1,000 prize
right there, and anything additional is just extra money.
And with a game like Madden that's so competitive, I don't know.
It's going to be tough, though, because I know those other places, they don't charge
for tournaments and stuff.
Okay, plus, you get all those gamers in one place, and then what are you going to do?
You're going to put out a table full of Madden merchandise out there for them to buy, right?
Like, I can think of DDR tournaments I went to where Red Octane would come in and they
would have a table, because this was back before Red Octane was big for Guitar Hero.
They would come and they would sell dance pads and soundtracks and all the DDR crap
there at the tournament, and that's how they made money.
It's really a good idea, I mean, honestly.
But I don't know.
It's like selling t-shirts at a concert.
Yeah, I suppose.
Also, GS68, they've seen one at the Santa Ms at the Stevens Creek GameStop.
I've shopped there before, by the way, that's actually right next to my Grand Princess.
But I don't know.
The only reason why is I know a lot of people that own land centers, and they own places
like this where they rent out time, and hell, we knew, was it Rina, they used to have something
similar like this.
It's very hard to make money from them, and I know it may be tied in with GameStop, and
you run any tournaments and stuff, but I don't think it's going to work out for them.
I really don't think that they're going to make enough money to make it worth their wild,
so I mean, they're testing it, but we'll just see if it actually ends up working out for
them.
I don't think it will be.
We'll see.
We'll see.
All right, well, let's move on with some more gaming news.
If we have any listeners in San Jose that have happened to check this place out, let
us know.
If not, I'll try to make it a point to go by there in the near future.
We'll see.
There are some details released about Tomb Raider Underworld that's being developed by
Crystal Dynamics.
It should be out next year on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and PC, and is going to be...
They were actually quoted in Play Magazine as saying it was pure woman versus wild.
I'm really, I don't know, because I think there's way too many Tomb Raider games already,
but I did think, though, that it is pretty cool that they have a new lighting model for
what will be going on in the game.
I think it's pretty cool that they're...
I like the more technical side of it, so I would check it out just to at least look at
something online to see how it turns out.
Well, Tomb Raider is one of those series that just won't die, and this is for us to approve
it.
Here's another series.
Well, I don't know if it's going to be a series, but maybe a game that should die.
The Prince's Bride game, which doesn't look all that wonderful.
I mean, it looks like, to be honest, like a CDI game.
Anyways, according to a new G4 interview, they've gotten some information direct from
the developer's mouths.
Apparently, well, the game itself, the target demographic, I believe, was women for it.
They said that they're not going to be using a lot of the voice actors.
It's actually going to be sound-alikes for the voices.
And of course, they're saying that the game's going to be out spring of 2008 on PC.
And if you like, you can pre-order it at the official site, princessbridegame.com.
Oh, the game doesn't look that good.
I looked at that picture.
It does look like a CDI game.
I mean, they'd have to use sound-alikes anyway, at least for some of them, because, you know,
Andre the Giant's dead.
So you should make him talk anyways.
Splice clips together, like that one show after Chef left the show, right?
Never mind.
Anyhow, we're going to debut a brand new segment on tonight's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
And I can't say this is necessarily going to be a weekly segment, but it is going to
be a segment that we're going to do on the show whenever something makes us feel like
we need to do this segment.
It's not a new game.
It's not a new advice column or anything like that.
So, it is something we call here at Orange Lounge Radio the Stupid Award.
That's right.
Whenever we here at Orange Lounge Radio feel like somebody has done something extraordinarily
stupid this week in the gaming industry, we're going to award them with the OLR Stupid Award.
So this week, the Stupid Award goes to this kid, and I'm probably going to mispronounce
his name, but that's okay.
He's stupid.
He's going to be playing Aliyu Shaw.
And what did he do?
Well, he went on to Xbox Live and he was playing Call of Duty 4, and he sent messages to kids
on Xbox Live.
He was playing Call of Duty 4, and he told them that he was going to shoot up his school
and tell everybody on there how he was going to do it.
Well, sure enough, a Call of Duty 4 player from Oregon went to the police department
and Microsoft ended up letting out the IP who tracked down this guy and arrested him.
Now, the kid later admitted that the whole thing was just a joke, he had no intention
of actually going through with it, there were no guns to be found or whatever, but still,
why would you say this kind of crap on Xbox Live, especially in this day and age in the
world we live in.
So, congratulations, Aliyu Shaw, winner of the inaugural OLR Stupid Award!
Yay!
That's right, out of the gene pool.
Get out.
Let's get a little bleach in there.
All right, let's move on to a segment that we've done for a while now and it's a well-loved
segment here at Orange Lounge Radio.
It is the Classic Game of the Week and every week DarkSakura picks a favorite classic game
of hers and we basically pay tribute to our elders and respect them a little bit through
our Classic Game of the Week, so DarkSakura, tell us about what game you picked out for
us this week.
The Game of the Week is the X-Men arcade game, the old one you could find either one screen
or two screens, I do believe that the differences were a four-player and a six-player.
I played the hell out of this game when I was in tenth grade.
My arcade actually had a two-screen set-up, so I used to play a whole crap-let of this,
but it was put out by Konami and it's the final fight-style game, you know, the side-scrolling
beat-crap-up game, you know, or like the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles games, even though a lot
of these were floating around that time.
But you could play as Cyclops, Colossus, Wolverine, Storm, Nightcrawler, or Gavlar, and I actually
use Gavlar almost all the time.
And you beat up the world's shortest sentinels, because they were really supposed to be massive,
but they were like, little.
And it had the most, I swear, this would have all been candidates for everse.com, the things
that they would say in the game.
Now, I didn't realize this for quite a while, but the version that I played at one of the,
not my main arcade, but the second arcade, was actually a Japanese version, because they
would drop extra power-ups that would refuel the power meter, and apparently the American
ones did not.
So I was like, this is hard!
It was too easy.
So it was full of crap.
I mean, it was a really fun game, and I wish that there had been, you know, a home release
without me having to bust out the maze, but it was a lot of fun.
Alright, well, some comments from Chatroom.
Tigerclaw wants to remind us, this was also the only X-Men game released by Konami, hence
why it feels so much like Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
That's why I was saying that it was in that type.
Now, ActDeft sounds like he has the best arcade ever.
He says, my arcade used to have this, TMNT Arcade, and Turtles in Time.
Turtles in Time was freaking great, but this was my game before Turtles in Time.
However, Dillinger would like to share that the Simpsons arcade game was better.
I doubt that.
Simpsons did it.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
I actually really liked this one a whole lot better.
Alright, so there it is, your classic game of the week, X-Men, as done by the arcade,
and I'm just pausing our little YouTubage of the game here.
Bonus, you are granted a special mutant power.
Note that mutant power can be used only when the energy indicator is at three or less.
Is that like now a second mutation?
I don't know.
For anyone who reads the comics.
I don't know.
Anyhow, that's going to bring this part A of our program to a close.
We're going to take a quick break and we will be back with more of Orange Lounge Radio
right after this.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcasted to the world twice
a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
