Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com
for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
And welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio. We are live on this Sunday evening, December 2nd of 2007.
The year's almost up.
We'll be doing our year-end special before you know it. We'll announce more details on that in the upcoming weeks.
When Dark Sakura returns to us, hopefully next week.
But in the meantime, we get back into the gaming news for this week.
And Loki's going to start us off.
Let's see. Let's start off with talking a little bit about the Xbox 360 Fall Dashboard Update.
It's going to add a lot of fun things and now they've fleshed out all the details.
Including in the Dashboard Update, Divix support and Xvid support.
So now we can play all the porn that we downloaded on our computers on our 360. Hell yeah.
And then of course the Xbox Live Arcade hits.
Those are going to be reduced price games that basically have been released before.
Sold lots of copies and now you can buy them cheaper.
I believe some of those Bank Shop Billiards.
Two's going to be like 800 points.
Luminous Live, 800 points.
And then there's going to be a couple for 400 like Zuma and stuff like that.
But that's not really part of a Dashboard Update. That's just kind of a...
Well the section that they're going to have for it.
It's going to basically be...
Oh they're going to have a whole section for it.
Oh okay.
Yeah so that's new.
Other things that they're going to be changing. The marketplace is kind of getting a whole facelift.
They're going to have things sorted completely differently.
In fact they're going to also have...
Are they going to make heads or tails of the movies on there?
Because the movies... trying to find movies right now is not what you see.
I don't know about the movies stuff.
But they're going to have this kind of thing where you can...
I guess people are kind of calling it like a cross media bar.
It's you know...
Ways of sorting the live marketplace stuff.
They have a whole section for free shit. So that's kind of cool.
Other things. Xbox Live Originals of course is coming up there.
The parental timer as well. Friends of Friends.
By the way the parental timer made the front page of Yahoo today.
I don't know if you saw that.
I don't know if you visit Yahoo but it's like my home page.
So it comes up and...
It was mentioning...
Oh the new Xbox will limit how much your kids can play games.
Kind of interesting.
The Friends of Friends functionality where you can actually say for example...
Rob I have a lot of people that are probably on your friends list that I don't have a friend into mine.
If you have that enabled I can look at your friends list.
See who's on and add people off that.
Also there's going to be a section where you can add a bio to your user tag.
Where you can actually have a thousand words or whatever in there.
There's also going to be a section where you can put your real name and where you're locating stuff if you wanted to.
If I want people to know that about me.
If you want people to know that about you.
What else do they have in there?
I want to say I set that functionality to friends only earlier this week when the email went out.
I don't know it's just a little weird.
So when are they going to let you...
They're trying to turn the Xbox into MySpace.
That's exactly what I was going to say.
In a way well I mean it's smart they're capitalizing on that whole social networking phenomenon.
But you know I don't know.
It's not MySpace.
It's really not.
Can I remake my profile to look god awfully ugly and little like flash graphics and web bling and glitter graphics?
I have a completely...
Oh man we should have brought that up during the break.
Never mind.
I'll bring it up maybe an afterword.
Other things that they're changing too.
They're going to add a new Xbox Live blade where it's going to have RSS feeds.
Including you know stuff from like Major Nelson and other tidbits of information.
And or advertisements.
Let's see.
Yeah I think that's pretty much it.
And of course this is all going to be available Tuesday.
Nice.
Yeah Frisbee says in chat room.
chat.orangesonshare.com
Thanks for the ad.
Can we start leaving notes on people's Xbox 360s.
Hey thanks for the ad.
Appreciate it.
Comment back please.
Like those god awful like glitter graphics that are like you know.
How are you doing?
Happy Thanksgiving.
What's up sexy gal.
Yeah I know.
You're in the what is it the MySpace sexiest person alive award.
Actually copy and paste this to 10 people or else you'll be ugly tomorrow.
You know if you do have the Xbox Live vision camera you can send wonderful like pictures like that.
You know you may have to take a picture of your computer monitor or something like that.
You know with the image on there but you could you know.
Or girls can just take pictures of their tits and guys can take pictures of their wangs.
I mean that's.
I approve all pictures of women's tits sent to my account on there.
Not all of them.
You'll redirect the wangs to your wife.
I'm just going to take a picture of someone pooing and be like this is what I think of
you.
Stop posting this crap.
I wonder if anyone's been banned like off of live yet for like inappropriate pictures
in their profile.
Irene's going to send pictures of two girls one cup to her full friends list.
Yes.
Videos even.
You could make that your icon you know using the vision camera.
You remember a while back when Microsoft was banning people for 24 hours for questionable
bio lines.
I wonder if anybody's tried two girls one cup fan to see if that gets them banned.
I don't see why that would be offensive just putting something like that.
Because it's not offensive.
Like oh my God you said two girls one cup.
We ban you.
Anyhow.
Moving on to other things that will soon be on Xbox Live.
BioShock.
We've all been waiting for some more content for the game BioShock and a patch is going
to be coming out soon.
It's actually going to have downloadable content with the patch.
Or actually the patch is going to enable this download content.
I assume isn't the patch supposed to fix the wide screen thing too or is that already been
done?
No it's going to do that.
I see so that's the whole thing that this patch is fixing.
The new downloadable content will I assume be a new level or something but they don't
really say a lot about what it is.
New plasmids.
Oh new plasmids.
New plasmids and there's supposed to be a new difficulty in there that's going to disable
the vitachambers.
Nice.
So that's pretty cool.
Guitar Hero 3 had a new download pack.
This time in the form of some indie love and included in there three songs from artists
you might not be familiar with.
Including you get State of Massachusetts by Dropkick Murphys.
Pretty good punk band.
You Should Be Ashamed of Myself by The Bled and Memories of the Groove by Maylene and
Sons of Disasters.
Now this is a pack for Guitar Hero 2.
Oh Guitar Hero 2.
Right?
I was going to say yeah this is a pack for Guitar Hero 2 and that kind of made me go
well that's interesting because now Guitar Hero 3 is out but then you have to kind of
think about well oh yeah Guitar Hero 2 and 3 were kind of made by different companies
so.
Yeah.
That threw me off.
Right.
You're fired Loki.
Sorry.
I'll play Guitar Hero 3 right now.
Alright.
I'm not listening to Orange on the radio anymore.
You fired Loki.
I'm quitting my song.
He fired me for a bad review of download content for Guitar Hero.
Oh my god.
Where's one up on my lawn?
I do love this show sometimes.
Other times it sucks.
Which is like 99%.
Xbox Live Arcade is going to be getting a classic game.
Actually I thought we already had this game on Xbox Live.
Chess is going to be coming to Xbox Live.
Isn't that part of the Spyglass?
Yeah.
Chess Master though.
I know.
It's Chess Master.
Specifically the Chess Master series which was a huge series on PC from what I remember.
Like every year there was a new Chess Master game.
Yeah.
But all I know is that it isn't Battle Chess.
So for that, epic fail.
Or Battleship.
I want Battleship in life.
Battleship is kind of hokey.
Why are you beeping over there?
I'm not.
My new phone is.
Because someone sunk her Battleship apparently.
Yeah.
Chess Master is going to be coming to Xbox Live Arcade.
Hopefully it's a little better and a little polished than the Spyglass thing was.
It's supposed to have lots of different AI opponents of varying difficulty.
We'll see.
Camera support as well.
So we'll see.
And I would say coming to Xbox Live Arcade very soon would be the most ironic name of
the game I'd say.
The sensible world of soccer.
I don't know about you but I don't think the world of soccer is very sensible.
That's a real game.
I know.
That's why I'm laughing.
It's like when I think of sensible, I think of soccer.
I don't know.
Soccer fans are pretty rowdy sometimes.
The game actually looked kind of fun.
I saw a trailer.
I never played this game.
As much of a Commodore fan as I was back in the day, I didn't have Amiga.
I only ever had a Commodore 64.
I never really played this game.
Anyway, Sensible World of Soccer is coming to Xbox Live Arcade on December 19th.
Wow.
So, hooray.
Be excited.
I don't know.
You know me, stupid American, don't like soccer.
Dark Tetsuya says it looks like a Game Boy Color game.
It doesn't look like a Game Boy Color game, but it does look like a Super Nintendo game.
It looks like an older computer system, you know?
Hey, yeah.
It's supposed to look a little older.
Some of the games on Live Arcade look a little crappy because they're old 80s game ports,
but hey, it might play better than Pro Evo 2008.
Well, yeah, because it's sensible.
Well, also on the Xbox 360, this week it already happened a brand new backwards compatibility update.
Some folks were thinking that this fell off the face of the earth,
that they were never going to release new updates for backwards compatibility again, but it happened.
They added 84 new games to the backwards compatibility list.
There are now 465 games that are backwards compatible.
Some of the highlights of games that are now in there,
Blitz the League, Blood Omen 2, Burnout 2, Point of Impact,
Fight Night Round 3, Forgotten Realms Demon Stone,
Freedom Fighters, a lot of sports games like MVP Baseball,
03, 04, 05, NCAA March Madness, 05, 06,
a lot of NHL games, 2K3, 05, 2K3 is on there twice, I think they cheated.
NHL 2K3.
Oh, there's NFL and NHL, my bad, one letter off.
Playboy the Mansion, I'm sure a lot of folks are looking forward to that.
Here's the one game on the entire list that I actually own for whatever reason,
Tecmo Classic Arcade is now backwards compatible as well.
I know Loki owns this game, this is worth noting, The Guy Game.
I don't own it on Xbox, though.
Oh, really?
I don't technically own it either.
I thought you bought it on PlayStation 2 or something.
Yeah, bought it.
Yeah, all right.
Quote, end quote.
Worms 3D, I don't know if you're a fan of the Worms series, Loki.
Worms is fun.
There you have it.
Not the 3D Worms.
Not playable still, games such as Advent Rising,
Dance Dance Revolution series still not playable, backwards compatible.
Wow, I should be clamoring to get an Xbox 360.
Beyond Good and Evil, I think.
All right.
Anyways.
One interesting thing, the Xbox Live Video Marketplace
is going to be coming to Europe pretty soon.
And this is actually coming from one of those prepaid cards.
Apparently, written on the back in very small print,
said you can access the Xbox Live Video Marketplace
available in the UK, Ireland, France, and Germany.
So apparently this hasn't happened soon,
the cards now being already printed have that information on there.
So soon you will be able to watch videos
and enjoy all the rest of the download content
that we have around the world.
Be excited.
I'm not.
I don't know if you saw this hit the internet earlier this week,
but there was a video that went out on the internet
that it was kind of a social experiment, I guess you could call it,
a guy whose nickname was X Gay Boy X
signed on to Halo 3.
Triple X Gay Boy X.
Sorry about that.
He signed on to Halo 3
and basically got all these people to say really,
I mean, I shouldn't say he,
because that makes it sound like he provoked it,
but people would respond to his name and taunt him.
I'd love to see it.
Irene wants to see a little clip of this.
I don't know if legally we can play the whole thing.
Yeah, we should.
That's long.
I don't want to play the whole thing.
Yeah, don't play the whole thing.
I just want to see interesting things.
We'll play some clips.
We'll play some clips for Rice Princess.
Have your dad give you bloody butt again, faggot.
Yeah, fuck you, Gay Boy, you piece of shit.
Gay Boy, quit sucking off dudes and play.
Gay Boy.
Gay Boy.
Gay Boy.
Fucking Gay Boy.
Hey, what's up, Gay Boy?
We should hook up.
I'm Friendly Uncle.
Gay Boy and Friendly Uncle coming at you.
Something that should be noted,
because you notice that isn't so bad.
There are a few things in here that are not necessarily negative, for instance,
but who knows if it's somebody.
You know how sometimes jocks in high school would befriend the nerds on a dare type thing?
Yeah.
You don't know.
Maybe it's something like that, but I doubt it.
It seems pretty genuine.
One, two, punch.
Hope gay marriage never gets passed.
Have fun being single.
Well, we'll make it to a single boy.
Shut the fuck up.
You're still a faggot.
Well, it doesn't matter, dude.
I'm sorry.
You're not a faggot.
You give a bad name to gays.
You're a fucking nuke.
You're a niggit.
Don't worry, guys.
Ah, there you go.
That's enough.
Wow.
If I hadn't already heard all this stuff before in games,
I'd probably be a little more shocked, but that's still very perturbing.
It's really like, I don't know.
Well, I don't know.
You'd think I'd have a strong opinion on this because I am the gay host here
on Orange Launch Radio.
Yeah, that's just Halo for you.
Whatever, gay boy.
I watched this clip, and I was just tapping my fingers.
And don't get me wrong.
This is incredibly fucked up, but in my mind, it's kind of like,
it's not news.
This is why Xbox Live is infamous.
Hello and welcome to the internet.
Where have you been for years?
I mean, in a way, I'm a little bit torn because yes,
I think these people are really fucked up, and yes,
I think it's fucking sad that there's ignorant people like that out there,
but at the same time, it's a little bit entrapment or provoking it
when the guy goes on there with a name like, you know, gay boy.
But I don't see it that way.
Why does it have to be seen as entrapment if you have a name like gay boy?
I'm a hetero boy.
I would be interested to see what hetero boy would...
Yeah, like, that's dumb.
I don't know.
Like, on the one hand, I'm infuriated.
I'm kind of like livid that people would say that kind of stuff.
Or I heart Jesus or something like that.
Yeah, but at the same time, it's just kind of like, well, you know,
successful.
It was funny, though.
This is why I only like to play with friends and OLR listeners.
I want to say like Fox News or somebody ran some sort of report on this
and they were talking about like...
I saw that about the trash talk.
Yeah, there's some other YouTube out there.
Yeah, Fox just did a report this week.
I saw that.
And the whole thing was like they're all, you know,
are you guys surprised that this is on there?
And they're like, no.
And then like I remember reading some comments on that and they're like,
yeah, of course they're not surprised.
They're the ones fucking saying that shit.
They're going to be like 12-year-olds and stuff, 13-year-olds.
Now, the reason why I want to bring this up is that, you know,
obviously these things make their way around the Internet.
And if anybody, Microsoft, has proven they're very good about kind of
staying on top of the Internet buzz and trying to plomp this mob mentality
when they see it.
And, you know, one of their representatives, Trixie,
was actually posting on the GayGamer.net blog post where this showed up
and just trying to kind of, you know, say,
hey, I think these guys are assholes too.
And when you see this happen, report it because we do follow up on that shit.
And Major Nelson basically kind of says the same thing.
Major Nelson posts about it in his blog and says,
I just watched or listened to the video you posted on your site.
This is what he wrote back to GayGamer.net who posted the original thing.
Needless to say, it was disappointing to see how some Xbox Live members behaved.
As you know, that's not the type of behavior we support.
With over 8 million members, it's unfortunate that some members decide to act like this.
I want to point out a few things that all Xbox Live members can do
to ensure an enjoyable experience.
And reiterates, you know, you can turn off voice from people that aren't your friends,
only play with friends, file complaints.
And he reiterates, we do act on complaints,
so I highly encourage people to file complaints where appropriate.
And you know what? I do that.
When I play on Xbox Live, if somebody is being annoying,
because some people will get, I swear to God,
you'll get on Halo 3 and you'll get into some matches
and somebody will be doing this the whole time.
I swear to God, for the entire match, somebody did that to me once.
That's kind of funny.
Then if I ever met that person in real life, I'd punch him.
I muted the little fucker, finally, so he was just sitting there by himself.
Maybe he had a mental problem.
That's what I was going to say.
Maybe he had a headache.
I don't think the mental problem was that severe because he was kicking my ass in Halo.
Maybe he's like Rain Man or something.
He's really good at Halo, but he just says meh meh meh meh a lot.
That could be his thing, but yeah.
I muted him and then I rated the fucker down.
You go into the little thing and you can rate.
You know how everybody on Xbox Live has a five-star rating?
Not if you play with me in Halo 3.
I'll rate you down so fast if you get on there and say something nasty.
I had somebody get on there going n-word, n-word, n-word over and over
and I reported it as abuse.
That's just disgusting.
It's gross.
Why do you have to say that?
It's because Mommy and Daddy aren't looking and they're acting out
to make themselves feel better about themselves.
It's because Mommy and Daddy bought them an M-rated game
and obviously aren't paying attention to what they're doing
and they'll pay for their damn live account
because it gives Mommy and Daddy a few moments to breathe
and make more babies.
Frisbee brings up a good point.
Is he a cat?
Oh God, I hope I wasn't getting my ass kicked by a cat.
Laser cat.
That would be kind of sad.
I think I'd have to quit video gaming forever.
Man, that must be a stupid cat.
Meow, meow, meow, meow.
You can't even meow right.
Shut up, cat.
I'm muting you.
Hey, my cat couldn't meow right for a while.
It took her time to figure out.
I know.
I really had to restrain myself from meowing.
Stupid faggot cat, stop meowing so fucking much.
N-word, n-word cat, geez.
Black cat, what's that, huh?
That's terrible.
Sephiroth1215 says something else really good.
Listen to these people, though.
They're not really 12 and 13.
These people are usually in their 20s.
Yeah, those people did sound a little bit older,
but they sounded like pigs, too.
They sounded like frat boys in a dorm room.
Gay boy.
Look at this.
I just totally told this guy.
Man, I'm awesome.
Dorm rules.
See, and they all have lame nicknames, too.
It's usually like, oh, halo lover and stuff like that,
or like, I love unicorns or something.
Like, how could you make fun of a name, gay boy?
Master Chief is my butt buddy.
Exactly.
And he really is.
They're stupid.
They can't think of anything more creative,
like a more creative way to make fun of someone,
instead of gay boy.
Oh, you're gay, and you're a boy.
It's stupid.
But the parts of it that are really singing to me
is that people will suddenly jump on there,
and then they'll be like, I hope gay marriage is banned forever
and you're single forever.
It's like, dude.
Like, wow.
It's just some guy on the internet playing Halo.
Oh, that hurt my ego.
I can't fight back in Halo now.
Oh, man.
What am I to do?
But then Nintendo looks at this shit and goes,
that's why we've got friend codes.
Oh, Nintendo's so smart.
I don't know about that.
Anyhow.
Kicking you, kicking you.
So even more ridiculous news here.
Apparently, there is a guy filing a class action lawsuit
because he believes that Microsoft created defective copies
of Halo 3 that are causing Xbox 360s to blow up everywhere.
No, that wasn't Microsoft.
That was me.
Anyways, apparently, this guy out of San Diego,
Randy Nunez, is going ahead with a lawsuit against them.
Apparently, he purchased a copy of Halo 3 from GameStop
and was plagued by system lockups and freezes and crashes
when he tried to play it.
Well, where's the explosions?
When you say that the...
I was being sarcastic.
Blow up the 360.
I'm thinking I played Halo.
Sarcasm.
Close it and then suddenly tick, tick, tick.
Boom.
Sarcasm.
Rad.
I'll be actually kind of rad.
I'd buy another one.
No, he...
I would not.
Did he try a different copy of the game,
return a defective one to GameStop for replacement?
That, the story doesn't say.
You know he was using a 360.
So, but here's the thing, though.
But, I mean, this is a bunch of bullshit anyways
because I remember this story came out, like, you know,
before that, oh, maybe Halo's breaking systems.
No, it actually is because you're playing the game
so much that your system's overheating
if you happen to have that overheating problem
and then you get three rings of death or whatever.
It's stupid.
And the fact that this guy's going to sue for this shit,
I hope he fails.
But, you know, unfortunately nowadays
a lot of times these people succeed, so.
And, of course, whenever we hear about the frivolous lawsuits
we get a little bit angsty.
And nothing inspires our next segment like frivolous lawsuits.
It's time to bring on the FUs of the week.
Music
Hey, I guess I would say this is a pre-FU
for my work review that's going to be this week
which I'm demanding a raise, which I'm sure I will not get.
But I haven't gotten one in three years
and I'm well deserving of one
since I have four times the accounts
that certain other sales reps do at my company.
So basically my whole thing is I'm going to go in there
and just say, okay, am I getting a review or not?
And if I'm not, then I'm going to be a complete asshole.
You should.
So fuck you stupid managers at my work
that aren't willing to pay me a decent salary.
I'm already underpaid as it is.
If I get a fucking raise,
then I'll be just slightly less underpaid.
I'll go next.
My FU of the week goes to the fact that I don't own a house.
I rent, but I don't own
because I went to a party last night with William.
These guys own this house.
It was just beautiful what they've done with it.
The backyard was all like an island getaway.
I mean, seriously,
they had spent obviously a lot of time remodeling this place.
I'm just like, I want a house that's cool.
Don't get me wrong.
I love this house, but I can't really change it
because it's not mine.
Does that make sense?
So FU to not owning a house.
I'll be rich one day, damn it.
One of these days.
Yeah, that's right.
Rice Princess, do you have anything?
FU to cats that can't meow properly.
They need to make a speech.
Shut up, cat.
Yeah, that's it.
All right.
That does it for the FUs of the week.
That was really short.
Wow.
Usually there's a lot of angst built up for this.
It's because we stopped reading chat FUs.
They say we got a lot shorter.
Wow, that lasted like a minute and a half.
Black Lab's in chat and says, an internet radio will not be getting you a house, Rob.
Truer words have not been spoken.
Wait a minute, what?
What?
Non-believer?
What?
Where's that?
Is that a chat name or something?
No, an internet radio will not be getting you a house, Rob.
So you think you don't know.
Rob, what?
Geez.
I have to-
No, Eidos is building me a house because I'm-
I have to divert our attention real quick because there's the last minute story.
And I need you to pull this up.
Gamersreports.com.
This better be good.
Has a brand new trailer.
For?
For Africa.
Gamersreports.com?
Yeah, Gamers, with an S, reports.com.
Aha.
Oh.
New Africa.
A New Africa trailer for the PS3.
I think we should watch.
Is this real or is this something to be-
No, it's real.
And it has a song.
I want to know what is worthy about interrupting the show with this.
Do we get to find out what the hell you do in this game?
I don't know.
I didn't watch the whole trailer.
Oh.
I don't have a
I don't have a
gorgeous i mean this is something i'm sure that's gonna really show off
okay can i fast forward a little bit you're gonna hopefully see if we get to
the part where the game will be shot
where's the fucking game where's the fucking dysentery
this is the most boring game ever whoopty-doo oh hey oh the hippo is
saying hi
it makes me think it's jumbo safari like every time i see it and i see the little
i want to be able to hit all the animals with that jeep that is the only way i'm
buying that game are you going to summon the jeep i'm
look you got damn it that wasn't worth stopping the show for sorry it's africa
i mean i had to wow that it could be you know i'm all about games that are
outside the box i just kind of want to know like what is what's the catch with
africa that's all i want to know you know what's the catch it's going to be
like manhunt you get to kill the animals and like crazy when he's like no i doubt
it no you take like a you know i think it's
some type of exploration game but i want to know like what it is
interesting yeah yeah well stay tuned for more
information about yeah right in in six months
whoopty-doo all right i'm waiting an eager and your solid five
let's move on to the gaming news shall we and uh you know here on
orange entre do we like to talk about the current systems and everything the
kids are playing so that's why this next article is about the commodore 64 whoa
radical and uh yes on the commodore 64 somebody with a lot of free time has
managed to make a guitar hero clone type thing for the commodore 64
now i shouldn't say it's a full game yet it's still in its concept stages but
it's called shreds 64 and what they did is they took
their playstation 2 guitar and basically adapted it so that it can
be read in the uh joystick ports and uh yeah now they've made it so that
you know the notes fall and it reads the guitar and they have
what's called the shredocity and the applause and the applause is
basically the uh meter you know um how well you're doing just like in
the game and i guess shredocity is uh kind of like your you know when you tilt
up your uh crowd crowd meter or whatever
crowd boost stuff so shredos yes your shredocity that is
so rad i like that a lot so somebody yeah you're a commodore 64 fangirl aren't
you i kind of am yeah it started off with this
little tech demo where somebody did this and
the it was able to recognize the controller strum up strum down
lifting up all that stuff kind of neat loki i'm surprised you're not into this
kind of stuff then again it is commodore 64 i know that's not your thing
that's commodore 64 ain't my thing still kind of cool
i like it i approve of this project me too thumbs up
anyway i'm disappointed to see that we don't have a dreamcast game yet
of like you know guitar hero or something like that
because you know the dreamcast has tons of games coming out for some reason even
though you know sure enough uh anyways um
another mod also kind of dealing with a music game
um rock band as you remember me complaining about
the drums and how loud they were apparently a lot of people are looking
for homebrew ways of making them quieter and there's a couple
different methods that you can use out there
uh one of which is self self-adhesive rubber
and self-adhesive colored felt and you basically shove that on there and it
doesn't have to be colored felt just so that you know you know which
color because if you're covering the whole drum
you're not going to know what color is what you don't have to you can do all
black if you're emo like that i mean so whatever but um there's another
one i saw also there was a rubber mouse pad
and you glue that on there so apparently though it works pretty well
and um reducing the sound i guess by um
70 well there you go maybe the wife will let you play if you can reduce the sound
she oh by the way um she bought rock band for me
or she gave me a check for because i paid with it my money but she only
she only paid for 100 of it because she says that the remainder of the money
would have been for the drum kit and she's not supporting the drum kit
that's awesome your wife is hilarious
tell her we need i'm gonna take her out we're gonna go to olive garden have a
fancy dinner all right happy olive garden i'll take
it a red lobster if she wants spare no expense all right
well uh if you've been following the entertainment world at all which i'm
sure many of you folks that play video games also enjoy the occasional movie or
tv show and i'm sure you are aware of the
current writers guild strike that's going on
uh which is you know gonna kind of end some of your favorite shows a little
early this year like heroes next week's battle star galactica is that
is that something like some no something's getting postponed it might
even be all together cancelled what because of this damn strike they can't
they can't cancel battle star they can be sure shit can be honest with heroes
man i think that's actually kind of good for
them no i i think heroes has been just fine this season
there's it's it was slow to develop like the first season
but the past few episodes have been amazing it's all right and l is awesome
i swear to god if they kill her off monday i'm gonna be so pissed anyway
um well obviously the right what i said two of them are supposed to die
yeah don't remind me all right and l probably no
writer's strike uh is going on well one thing that they are not striking against
is video games and uh the writer's guild is allowed to write for video games
currently while the strike is going on so um something to think about they are
allowing the members to work on games during the strike that's
that could be a good thing because honestly some of these games could use a
few better writers so i say uh this is a good thing for the
video game industry bad for tv movies good for video games
so anyways um another good thing that's good for video
games is using topless models to promote them
and that's what ea did for their european ad campaign
where they use two sexy models that were naked to
you know promote the game i approve okay did you guys see the new we commercial
for what game was it where they're kind of
like sort of parodying um fast times at richmont high where the
girls coming out of the um pool and they're like in bikinis and
what game was it promoting i don't know but like
nintendo's using sex to sell like what's going on here wholesome nintendo
putting girls in bikinis maybe they finally figured out that sex sells i
don't know girls in bikinis i don't yeah they're
like two girls i don't remember what game it was it was a competitive game
um because there was like four people in the room and damn it i don't remember
gosh you're so good at these shut up what like smarty pants no no no
wait are you talking to me maybe it's seen it
no it's not seen it no it was like fuck and it was a game kabuki uh the chat
is saying smackdown versus raw 08 oh maybe that's what it was yeah and they
say it's the publisher not nintendo yeah that would be a third party publisher
okay yeah that's like mario galaxy now with more nipples
hot awesome uh anything replace the stars of boobies
anything else you have to go around and collect 100 boobies
that's what people do in those 8-bit hacks like you know when they hack the
old games they'll turn everything into porn
you know that's awesome i approve like somebody one of the first ones i ever
saw was somebody took that um japanese only game i don't know if
you've ever seen this game then nuts and milk
which is a japanese game ah yeah somebody turned the game into just nuts
you were a little wandering penis i mean like
people do the stupidest stuff uh if irene ruled the world even the next
gen games you're gonna collect boobies yeah and
pandas mostly boobies boobies and pandas the
game great so we have loki's world of randomness
and rice princess presents boobies and pandas
yeah it sounds like a good idea great no i need a game i don't know i'll
think about a game a little later aj mix and chat says et the extra
testicle
brilliant oh my god and you know what it could be a penis that like gets erect so
he can get out of the pit because remember how you had to like
extend his neck to get up you are so stupid you're stupid
it's like wait a minute better watch some porn
and like it'll like drunami wants to remind us about magic pen gel where we
already did all of this oh yeah oh yeah boy magic pen gel gets
brought up at least once a month on this program you know what all the dirty
things we need to go back and play um graffiti kingdom where it's like it's
basically like a zelda type game but you can draw your own characters so you
could do all of that stuff you can panda boob man
boobies and pandas can actually be a reality yes
be a reality oh my god i'm so there or you can get drawn to life which you can
do the same thing just in 2d you can make your enemies you know where
it's giant penises flat boobies and pandas
yeah all right boring anyhow if i wanted flat boobies i'd go to africa
i forgot what i don't know because every time they
show the national geographic ladies with their boobies
they're like flat and not always i've seen some big boobies
i'm seeing that i know i'm like this conversation is not going to a happy
place it's true so let's talk about uh toys
and children's toys okay and uh that you know what like all these toys have been
getting recalled this year like the uh what was the
oh god what was that the dots thing that had a
date rape drug in it apparently oh no no it was something you could use as an
ingredient in creating the date rape drug if you eat it
oh that's right yeah the same effect what was that called the dots or
whatever we need a bunch of that the hell was
why you just want to eat it i don't want to eat it
i want to make dot creations you want to make the cat eat it and see what happens
oh no i wouldn't i wouldn't make sure kitty eat that that's mean
That would go, mama mama.
Yeah.
Awkward kitty.
Awkward dots.
Thank you, Raven's Dolphin.
Awkward dots.
That's what they were called.
Well, anyhow, according to a recent article in the Los Angeles Time, apparently because
of all these recalls, apparently game publishers are seeing a 19% increase in sales because
I guess games are safe and they're not going to try to drug your children as you are aware.
They'll just show them pictures of murder and everything like that, you know?
Pictures of murder, yes.
Like, murder.
You remember Manhunt 2 is murder.
Murder Sims.
Anyhow, listen, we don't need to give Manhunt 2 any more press.
I mean, the game's not that good.
Anyway, this is coming from a quote from Jarek Johnson, who's an analyst from Capital Markets,
says, there's definitely money leaving the toy sector.
It's logical to assume that video games might be viewed by some parents as an alternative.
He's an analyst.
Why you gotta take this show to the Toilet Rice Princess?
I don't know.
Anyhow, anyways.
Just an impulse.
Yeah.
This picture's naughty.
Anyways, sorry.
What are you doing over there on your laptop?
You don't have to announce it on the show.
Yeah, this picture's naughty.
Oh yeah, that's real butter.
No, anyways, completely off topic here.
Space Invaders Extreme is being released for the Nintendo DS in Japan.
And why should I even mention this?
Because, you know, hey, it's Space Invaders and it's a remake.
It actually looks pretty cool.
It kind of incorporates music a little bit to it, and they have a YouTube video on Joystick right now.
Worth checking out.
And it reminds me a lot of Rez or even, like, Luminous a little bit.
Really?
Yeah, it's really cool looking, actually.
So, you know, if it comes out over here, I'm definitely going to have to check it out.
But, you know, it kind of changes a little bit of the pacing of the game and stuff.
They have power-ups and stuff you can get.
But, you know, each ship that you blow up kind of, you know, adds beats to the music and stuff.
So it's pretty cool.
It's got a little, like, trippy background and stuff, too.
Is it based on, also, the BPM?
Kind of like how they did on Vibrib and, like, the speed of the stuff coming towards you?
Um, I don't know about that, but it just looks really cool, though.
That would be cool.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Yep.
All right.
Well, let's go ahead and move on to our mailbag segment.
That's right.
Every week you guys send us emails at mailbag at orangehontrader.com.
We're going to open up the mailbag and choose a few of our favorites.
Since Dark Sakura is not here this week, I will be doing the honors, whether you like it or not.
I am, too.
Too bad.
Email number one this week comes to us from...
I don't know.
They didn't sign it.
We're going to say this is from Richard M.
He says, all right, I'm listening right now.
Apparently, this person's listening to the show right now.
I'm playing Halo 3 and blah, blah, blah.
I just wanted to say hi because I haven't listened for about four weeks.
I just got an Xbox 360 and Xbox Live, and I sent a request to you two, Sky and Loki and Dark Sakura.
Who's not there right now, but let her know.
Will do, but I'm sure she'll see the friend's request when she logs in next.
I'm still adding most of the other OLR members, but most are pending right now.
But I would like to know which good games I should get.
I mean, I only have Fear, Condemned, Halo 3, and Guitar Hero 2.
Give me at least three games you guys think would be great.
I'll play anything but sports games.
Okay, that wraps it up.
Until later, guys, see ya.
Two thumbs up for you guys.
Three games.
Well, if you like Guitar Hero 2, you probably should get Guitar Hero 3.
If you like RPGs, get either Eternal Sonata or maybe Blue Dragon.
I don't know, try the demo first because that's getting some extra views.
I don't know, it's kind of a hit or miss thing.
Let's see.
I don't know how into shooters you are, but BioShock's pretty awesome.
If you want to try a shooter, BioShock.
Yeah, if you're playing Halo 3, I said get BioShock.
And if you're looking for cheap shit, I would say Earth Defense Force 2017.
It's 1999 now.
Seriously, you deserve to play that game.
I mean, I understand it's really cheesy and stupid, but it draws me in, and I don't know why.
Anything else?
I would say also, well, these are a bit older, but even Saints Row's not bad, or Crackdown.
Crackdown I liked.
All right.
Next email, shall we?
This is from Tensei Noob, emails us.
Dear OLR crew, I have a few comments and one request.
First of all, the necessary praise.
I continue to admire your devotion to the show and quite impressed that you managed to release such a funny, informative podcast each week.
This podcast is funny.
And informative.
You know, I always worry each week that I'm just kind of being, you know, kind of breezing over stories and just being too much of an ass and just like talking randomness.
I don't even know what I'm saying half the time.
I know.
I don't know how much quality I put into this.
We start to feel we're slipping a little bit, so thank you for your kind words.
It helps our egos.
Untrue words.
Now that that's out of the way, a while ago you were talking about zombie games.
Not that you don't frequently anyway, but ironic considering our Game of the Week.
But this is an especially concentrated instance.
And you were discussing how it would be great to have a game where you are the zombie.
Have you ever heard of the game Stubbs the Zombie, Rebel Without a Pulse?
Yes, unfortunately I haven't. It's a really crappy game.
I tried a demo of it once and it wasn't revolutionary, but it wasn't horrible either.
You control a zombie who can eat brains, turning the victims into zombie minions.
Take off his hand and take control of others and produce toxic farts.
Oh, this game sounds classy.
Anyway, I thought you might appreciate knowing about a game where you actually get to be a zombie instead of always shooting them.
But you weren't a big fan of that, Loki?
It just got horrible reviews. It was a bad game.
It had a funny premise to it, but...
Alright.
Secondly, again referring a number of episodes back, I would like to state that Halo 3's story does make sense.
But you really need to have played the previous games and maybe even have read the books to fully comprehend it.
If you need any clarification, I am perfectly willing to help clear up any confusion, as I am yet another devoted Halo fan.
On a related note, I completed Halo 3 first time through on Legendary in three days, so I can also provide any gameplay advice you may require, especially for later levels.
Okay, my advice I need, how do I not suck so bad at it?
You can't. It's impossible.
It's just like I was thinking about buying Unreal Tournament 3.
For some reason I thought there was a single player mode in it, but I'm an idiot because Unreal Tournament does not have single player.
Well, I mean, it does, but it's still fucking Unreal Tournament, you know?
I was like, ooh, I can make mods and stuff. Mods are cool.
Because I'm thinking like Quake, you know, back when they had mods like Kujo and the grappling hook.
Because I love Kujo and the grappling hook.
I know, I'm weird.
But I'm not going to buy that game anymore.
Well, you know, also I want to say about the whole Halo 3 story thing, I think there was a great video floating around out there that was basically Halo 1 and 2's story kind of condensed into a few minutes.
That was something you could watch to catch up.
I have the collector's edition, I just haven't watched any of the videos on that second disc.
Aren't you glad you spent all that extra money?
Hey, the only reason I bought the collector's edition was for the video calibration tool.
That is the only reason.
And ironically enough, I have not used the video calibration tool.
You tool!
Ouch.
Alright, moving on.
Next email comes to us from Johnny S. because they didn't sign it.
Remember, if you don't sign your emails, I don't know what to call you, so I'll just use your first name and last initial.
Loki, I have a question.
I'm thinking about buying an 80 gigabyte PlayStation 3.
I've got to have Metal Gear Solid 4 and Grand Theft 5, no, I'm sorry, Gran Turismo 5.
But other than that, is there anything else that warrants my 600 bucks?
Maybe Resistance, Fallen Man, and depending on what kind of games you like, maybe Uncharted.
Ratchet and Clank, you know, my friend's been playing tons of Ratchet and Clank, and I've watched him play a little bit of it.
I'm just not that impressed by it.
But then again, I didn't play any of the other Ratchet and Clank games.
I don't know, he loves Ratchet and Clank, he loves that game, so maybe that game.
Heavenly Sword, maybe.
The Blu-Ray player?
Blu-Ray's good, if you like online shooter games, maybe like Warhawk might be good.
You know, there's stuff out there definitely, but not as much as maybe like Xbox 360.
But just, you know, wait, be patient about it, I guess.
And if you can get your hands on the 60 gig system, you'll probably appreciate that a lot better.
Because to be honest, you know, you don't really need the extra hard drive space right now.
There really is not a lot to download on there.
Is there anything on the PlayStation Network worth getting?
Yeah, the first thing you need to get is a Japanese account, that's for sure.
You can do that for free, so I recommend looking up on the internet to get a Japanese account and do that.
Because when you do that, you'll really get some really kickass demos from Japan.
You'll also be able to download the Gran Turismo 5 prologue demo,
and especially if you're interested in Gran Turismo 5, and stuff like that.
Because they get a lot of demos and stuff that we don't get out over here.
So do that. If you want to check out some of the games that are on there, like Flow is pretty fun,
Everyday Shooter is supposed to be good, Pain just came up.
That might be something I like, but I don't know.
And then maybe if you're into Tekken 5, they have the Tekken 5 multiplayer online game.
And you know what game I strongly recommend?
It's Africa!
I love playing that game, it's less than a condition.
That's the only way I'm playing that game.
I gotta say, despite all the smack we're talking about, the game looks fucking gorgeous.
Yeah, it looks awesome.
This is like a game I can just sit and look at.
Yeah, and you know what else I can sit and look at?
Discovery Channel HD.
And porn.
I don't just look at games, I like to play them too.
But there are a lot of people that do like to just watch other people play games.
Anyway, we've got to move on and get to some more emails.
Furgatron writes us and says,
I know this email is late, but I'm seriously behind my list of podcasts.
It's titled Late Entry Episode 255.
So it's a few episodes back.
Take-Two Interactive had to dish out about 2 million for this hot coffee leak.
I'm concerned about the programmer or project manager responsible for the original hot coffee feature.
What's going to happen to them?
Did they get lynched, raped, or mobbed by corporate?
I don't know.
We never really heard about it.
But those type of internal things are company dealings.
We never know.
I imagine there were multiple people responsible for it,
and it was probably part of the original concept as it was.
And if you think way back to when we were first talking about hot coffee,
I think the whole problem was is that the mode was never taken out of the game.
Whatever pointed to the mode,
if you think about programming, the way it works every game is like a giant flow chart, right?
So basically what they did,
they took that arrow out that enables something to go to the sex mode and turn it on,
and all that cheat did was put that arrow back in, basically.
So I don't think one person was solely responsible for that.
I think that was part of a larger screw-up, basically.
That's why the game took so freaking long to come out in its sanitized version,
because they had to go back and actually take out the entire thing,
and to be honest, if there's some content that's in the game that they leave in there,
people will find it.
I mean, shit, they found stuff in Zelda, like the debug levels.
They found stuff in Wind Waker, of course.
They found stuff in pretty much any game that has stuff hidden in there.
Smash Brothers, hidden characters, stuff like that.
We were getting into a talk earlier about,
just want to say, before I get back to the email,
because now I'm looking at chat room,
and we talked about porn earlier,
and DML wanted to remind us that the porn industry actually supports HD DVD,
not Blu-Ray.
They support both.
They support wherever people are going to buy shit.
Legezaku says Blu-Ray forbids porn, hope you know.
Hmm.
That's bullshit, because I know Pirates,
that porno that's pretty funny, actually, high production value,
is on both Blu-Ray and HD DVD.
Oh, snap.
Let's see, what else did Fergotron say here?
Sky, you mentioned that you play a lot of WoW instead of other games.
I'm in the same situation.
I have only a limited amount of time to play games,
so when it comes time to play,
I end up playing whatever game I can get the most out of,
which ends up being WoW.
What server do you play on, and what's your character's name?
Mine is, I don't know if he wants me to read this on the air.
So there you have it.
Hey, if you want to find out more information
about the Orange Lounge Guild that we all play on in WoW,
it's all on the forums, so check it out.
Forums.
Ah, nice plug, huh?
Go to orangeloungevideo.com and click on Forums.
I don't know if my character name's posted,
but if you join the Guild, it won't be hard to figure out who I am.
Honestly, if you listen to this show long enough, you'll know.
The last email tonight comes to us from Ali, I believe it's Ali.
I was listening to Episode 255, Part B, and you just mentioned Logo.
Oh my God, I was a beast at Logo.
I remember me and my one friend had a working Tetris on Logo.
You have no idea how hard that is.
However, because the language was highly inefficient,
it would go wicked slow.
They had this running on a 1 GHz Celeron,
it was called MicroWorlds on those machines,
and the processor would be maxed out,
the fan would be going full tilt to play Tetris.
Yeah, I'm a nerd.
Other than that, I remember I would make some hardcore art with Logo,
fractals and stuff.
Good times.
Good times.
I only ever had Logo on the Commodore 64.
And for a reminder for those that weren't listening that week,
Logo is that language where you have the little turtle
and you would point, you know, pen down, up 10, right 10,
you know, and all that stuff.
And it was basically how people of a younger age
could learn programming more easily.
Why are you giving me dirty looks, Rice Princess?
I'm not giving you dirty looks, Rice Princess.
Not right then.
I'm just pooping.
That's what it looks like.
Yeah, mind your own business, Tom.
Try not to in the room.
All right.
Mailbag at OrangeLunchrated.com
if you want to send us some more email.
Skyline will be open very soon.
We have about three more stories for you guys before we get there, though.
Get your dialing fingers ready.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
Our username on Skype, OrangeLunchRadio,
right after a few more news stories.
All right.
Including one talking about Boom Boom Rocket.
Of course, we mentioned it in the past about an upcoming update.
Well, now it's live and there's a little bit of bonus with that.
Not only will you be able to play with dance mats and guitars,
but you will also be able to play five new songs,
including Cannon and Dee, Sugar High, Sting of the Bumblebee,
Explode to Joy.
That's what it sounds like Rice Princess was doing earlier in the corner.
It was.
It looks like Ein Klein rock music.
I downloaded the five new songs.
They're okay.
They are more rock influenced than Synthy,
but I wasn't that impressed because they are, again,
just classic remix songs.
And one other thing I was going to say,
I believe that you can also use the rock band drums for this as well,
if you are ever so inclined.
If you're really bored.
Yeah, really bored.
Really bored.
And basically, the five songs are free for right now until December 16th.
Then afterwards, it's going to set you back 250 Microsoft points.
So if you have a chance, get on live, get the update, get the free songs,
play it later.
Even if you don't think you'll want to play them now,
get it anyway while it's still free.
Exactly.
Free is always good.
Free is good.
Unless it's Yaris, in which case it's not good.
Free is good.
Well, I know there is so much love out there for Portal
and the Weighted Companion Cube.
And this is a whole how to do it yourself guide
to making a weighted companion cube paperweight.
It comes from the site demon-alley.com.
If you go to demon-alley.com slash WCC,
you get a whole do it yourself guide on how to make a weighted companion cube.
But I think the problem is you still have to be somewhat good at art to make this.
But if you think about it, a lot of the principles you learn here,
you could apply to a lot of different crafts.
I mean, who's to say you can make a weighted companion cube out of it?
Is that with clay or is that like styrofoam that they're carving or something?
It says the materials in it are, I quote,
Sculpey, armature wire, acrylic paints, sandpaper and or steel wool, sculpting tools,
and optional, terpenoid.
Okay, so it's clay. It's Sculpey clay.
Yeah, Sculpey is clay.
So that's what they use.
And you actually, I guess, make a cube out of it and then carve into it.
And then you bake it and then you color it, basically.
And then you feed it to your cat or make your cat look at it.
So, cute.
And Sculpey, if I remember correctly,
because my sister makes a ton of shit out of that stuff.
She loves doing that.
You can use it. You can fire it in your oven.
Frisbee says that needs to be my Christmas gift.
That might be actually a fun Christmas gift for people.
Fun.
Well, you know.
Fun-tastic.
I don't know about you guys, but I like homemade gifts.
I think they mean a lot more than something bought at Target on clearance.
Well, then I'll poop in a bag for you.
I can make a lot of those.
You guys are obscene.
Enough for all of my friends.
No, I know what you mean, Rob.
I like homemade stuff.
Let's make Arcs and Craps together for Christmas gifts.
No.
I'm going to get you a coaster for Christmas.
Don't you want one of those?
I'm going to make candy with the aqua dots in it.
Like, you know, cookies.
What are these special chips?
Aqua dots.
Oh, crap.
I'm tripping.
Want to make out.
Date-rape-licious.
Yeah, that's fun.
That's terrible.
Special Rice Krispie treats.
Oh, they're special already.
Anyways.
And then another game, as I mentioned earlier, possibly going to import Wii Fit has come
out in Japan.
And, of course, there are lines for it.
Lots of people looking to play this game, including there's going to be a lot of cool
stuff in there.
There's yoga, which looks pretty cool.
There's balance, including they have a skiing game, soccer, ski jump, some sort of, like,
monkey ball thing, and tight rope.
And then cardio, they have hula hoop, jogging, and dancing.
Awesome.
Can't wait for it.
This game is fucking expensive if you import it.
It's like $189.
Oh, my God.
Oh, Jesus.
Why so much?
Is that just because of the shipping and everything?
Import.
Because the import fees can't be that high.
High demand, so.
I still might get it, though.
Oh, my God.
You're insane.
Why can't you just wait a few months for the version to come out here in the U.S.?
Because I have bonus money to burn, and I can do it that way.
Give me money.
I'll spend it on a good cause.
I know.
Oh, you're crazy.
All right.
We are now going to go to the Skype lines at www.orangelandrado.com.
Click on interact with us, and you can get all the information on the Skype line.
Our user name is orangelandrado on Skype.
Or if that doesn't work for you, all that technical stuff is too much for you, you can
always give us a call on our 800 line, 1-877-GAME-OLR.
I believe we have a call right now.
Hello, caller, are you there on Orange Land Radio?
Hello, everyone.
Hi.
Who's this?
It's Rice Princesses on behalf of Rana.
Ah, Rice Princesses, better half, or other BF.
Oh, other boyfriend.
Oh, whoa.
Oh, snap.
Ooh.
Ooh, competition.
All right.
You know she poops a lot, right?
And fart.
Don't forget that.
Rama, what's on your mind?
A couple of things.
The first thing I want to talk about is the whole GameStop charging more money for accessories.
I mean, I've seen them do this on a regular basis because when BeatMania came out, I went
over to Best Buy and they had it for like, I think it was $59, and I went over to GameStop,
they had it for $69.
I mean, normally the games are no price everywhere else, but when it comes to anything with an
accessory, they're known for charging $5 to $10 more for it.
That's why you got to shop around.
Do they price match there, out of curiosity?
No, because they don't advertise.
That's what it is.
Interesting.
Yeah.
Plus that they do a lot of sales with huge games and stuff they don't price match.
Well, that's why you want to do your research before you go out and buy.
I mean, sometimes GameStop may have the best deal, like Final Fantasy XII had that collector's
edition that was only available at GameStop that had some extra stuff with it.
You know, sometimes it's a good place to get games, but sometimes you're better off going
somewhere else.
Yeah, I did go to GameStop to get my collector's edition, but other than that, there wasn't
going to be one.
I would have gone to Best Buy.
I remember when Nintendogs first came out, I ended up going to Best Buy.
I was going to go to GameStop, but that day I found out there was a $5 gift card or something
you would get if you bought it at Best Buy.
That's why that website CheapAssGamer, that's why that website is so insanely popular, because
it's like gamers getting together to share their resources about where to find the best
deal.
Seriously.
Mm-hmm.
Whoever thought of that, honestly?
Genius idea.
Genius idea.
Wish I'd thought of it.
I'm jealous.
Anything else?
Yeah, I want to talk about this whole controversy of this guy getting fired over his honest
review of Kane & Lynch.
This is going to open up a lawsuit for wrongful termination, because I think it's really fucked
up that someone gets fired for their honest opinion on something, you know?
Mm-hmm.
I mean, is that fair, you know?
But Rama, like I said earlier in the show, we don't know for sure that's the reason yet.
And especially in the state of California, where this guy works, we have this whole law
about the whole at-will employment, where basically an employee can leave an organization
no questions asked, an employer can terminate them, essentially, no questions asked.
It's kind of to avoid those types of situations.
In order for him to claim wrongful termination, it would almost have to be like they were
setting him up in a way, or they were like, you know, trapping him into this or something,
you know?
Like, I don't know, it'd be kind of, it'd be very hard for them to pull it off.
I don't know if I'd go that far.
I think this guy's going to land a job somewhere else in the industry, even though I had no
idea who he was before this week, he's obviously very well respected.
Hell, if the people at 1UP love him so much, I think it might be kind of, you know, and
they're only a couple blocks away, I think that kind of shows you where he might go,
but who knows?
It works.
At the same time, if you're a talented writer, maybe he'll decide this whole thing hasn't
jaded from the games industry and he's going to go review movies or go write for a newspaper.
It's really up to him.
Pretty much.
I know there are other states that are like that.
I know here in New York, it's not at Will State.
They have to find a reason for you to be fired, unless you're like, during your first 30 or
90 days.
Then they can just like, oh, fired, done, you know, whatever.
Right.
Well, Rama, do you have any other comments or anything else you want to talk about tonight?
Last thing, and then I'll be on My Merry Little Way.
I'm probably one of the few people in the chat room that's really against this whole
Activision Vivendi buyout thing.
I'm just really appalled by it.
Are you sure you're not being a little tinfoil hat-ish?
No.
I know.
What's so scary about it?
It's not scary, it's just that Activision is like one of the last long-running independent
game publishers going back to the 70s.
They have like this long, decorative career of great things that they've done, and now
boom, they're part of some like multi-global unit.
It's like, look at Atari, for example.
They wanted like a good thing going, and then Infogrames bought them, renamed it to Atari,
and now look at them.
I guess that's true.
I guess maybe this is a little bit of a fear, but you know, mergers aren't necessarily always
a bad thing.
Square Enix didn't work out so bad.
I just find the Square Enix merger funny because Square is doing more profits than Enix.
Enix walks up out of nowhere with a big thing of cash, and they're like, hi, we're buying
you.
The thing is that this is not really like a merger per se, it's just that all Vivendi
has is just like a controlling stake in the company.
They haven't said it's a merger or anything, you know?
All right, well, we'll see if your tinfoil hat things come true or not.
I hope not, though.
I'm not scared yet, but you know, yeah, when we start seeing the whole, you know, the orcs
and torrents showing up in Guitar Hero, then I will be a little scared.
All right.
We'll see what happens, as you said.
All right.
Well, take care, Rama.
We've got to get some more calls.
You got it.
Bye-bye.
Bye, Rama.
7 Game O-L-R is the magic number to call, or you can give us a call on our Skype line.
Orange Lounge Radio is our username on Skype.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
It's Puppy.
Hello, Puppy.
What's on your mind, Puppy?
Oh, just a lot of stuff, but mostly just a lot of rock band issues.
What's going on?
Did your stuff break?
Yeah, my guitar got that bad strum bar problem that's been popping up with a lot of people.
I know you can fix that yourself.
Yeah, but I'm not that handy with electronics, so I'd rather not risk tinkering with it.
Or you're just lazy.
It's not lazy.
It really isn't that hard.
You basically unscrew the back, and what it is is the contact switch in there gets kind
of, I guess, turned, and all you have to do is just loosen the screw, line it back up,
and tighten it again, and then you're good to go.
That doesn't sound too hard when Loki says it.
Well, I've actually got my thumb away already, man.
Oh, your guitar's already set back, because I was going to say, if you want, if Op 11's
back up and running next week and you trust Loki enough, we could take your guitar apart
live on air and fix it.
Apparently, though, they actually are giving away free games, too, if you have your guitar
fixed, you get a free game winner.
But they haven't said what the game is yet, right?
I read that story earlier, and I think it said that people that had put their oars in
for replacement like a week ago, and it was getting delayed because of a lack of stock
for them to send out, and they were getting that free game.
Yeah, I think I heard our old buddy Bobby Black Wolf talking about that, because he's
been having problems with not just the drums, but now his guitar as well, and they sent
him an email because his drums got delayed, but then they told him it was the guitar in
the email, so he's just all kinds of confused, and I was listening to that on his show this
week, and it's just kind of unfortunate.
Makes me glad I didn't buy the whole Rock Band bundle, although I've got to say, on
my Guitar Hero 2 controller, I have the Explorer controller, which is pretty much what I'm
using to play Guitar Hero 3 in Rock Band, my yellow button is sticking a little bit,
which is pissing me off, because I don't want to buy a new controller.
But I guess that's what I get for not touching the game.
I ended up using my Guitar Hero 3 controller for my guitar, because my guitar actually
started acting up only like four or five days after I got the system, and it just got progressively
worse, and now it's to the point where the down strum doesn't work at all.
So the Guitar Hero 3 controller works on Rock Band?
My Guitar Hero 3 controller, my wireless one, does work on my system.
It's only the PlayStation 3 version that does not play nice with each other.
Oh, I thought that worked on...
Okay, maybe I'll get the Guitar Hero 3 controller then, because I do kind of want a wireless
controller.
That'll be fun.
We'll see.
That's a lot of money.
The wireless controller is nice, but I like the design for the Rock Band controller a
lot better.
I love the design on the Rock Band controller.
It's a bummer that they're having all the problems they are.
Hopefully by the time they start selling them separately next year, they can fix some of
those problems.
I really hope so.
Yeah, that would be nice, because having an extra controller would be good for parties
and whatnot.
It'd be nice.
They didn't get Guitar Hero 3, so I'm sure there's very few of those people out there
at this point.
All right, well, anything else you want to share with our listeners tonight, Puppy?
Not much, other than the fact that I finished Assassin's Creed and I jumped up and screamed
at the ending.
I heard the ending is kind of shocking a lot of people.
Very interesting.
I'd be very curious about that.
I wouldn't want to go into details and spoil it, but yeah.
You don't see it coming.
Interesting.
Isn't the ending supposedly kind of a trip, too?
Yeah, the ending itself is really trippy, and the way it's kind of set up is that they
basically knew ahead of time that this was going to be a trilogy.
But the beginning is weird, too, right?
Oh, yeah.
When I first started, I'm like, okay, what's going on here?
This doesn't look like a game in the Crusades.
It took me a good two or three hours into it before I started to catch the whole timeline
of the game.
All right.
Well, Puppy, we've got to let you go to get more calls, but thanks so much for the call,
all right?
All right.
Bye-bye.
If you have a call, you want to get through to us, 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype.
Orange Lounge Radio is the username on Skype.
Waiting for a call to drop.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Good evening, guys.
It's DMN.
Hello, DMN.
What's on your mind, my friend?
First of all, if you haven't bought Mass Effect, buy it.
It's the game of the year.
I'm waiting on pins and needles to check it out.
I'm so excited.
I'm supposed to be borrowing my friend's copy very soon, so we'll see.
I got a free copy from my buddy at Microsoft.
But anyway, that is not what I call.
I have called because I think everybody who listens to this show should thank you, Loki,
Max Dacher, and everybody else who reports news on this station because we don't get
paid to do a damn thing.
The reason I say this is the story that led into the show tonight was Jeff Gertzman getting
fired from GameSpot over his review of Kane & Lynch, which was an acceptable review.
Everybody gave that review at the most a seven across the board.
The fact that Eidos dropped their advertising, which then I don't know what happened, but
it forced him to get fired, I think that's the most lowest unobjected thing I've ever
seen a media publication do.
But again, do you think you might be filling in some gaps with hearsay, though?
That's the only thing I'm kind of challenging here is that, yes, we know Eidos pulled the
bad campaign, but did they necessarily do it because of the bad review itself?
Did they maybe do it because of all this fallout that happened because of it?
Well, I mean, not up to then.
I was going on Eidos' forums this morning, and I saw people telling Eidos shame on them
for doing what they did, and those threads were getting locked and deleted, which means
I think Eidos knows a little more than they want to say about the situation.
And I just hate the gaming companies being so intimidating.
If I recall, we had Beautiful Katamari.
We had an exclusive release date, and we were intimidated by Namco to pull that, because
I want to say, what was it, 1UP?
Apparently bought the rights to that, which I think is retarded.
I don't think anybody should ever have to buy news.
I don't think anybody should have to.
Companies should not be involved only when it's purchasing games and or the gaming review
magazines.
I don't think that the companies should be in bed with the gaming review magazines ever.
It's going to create bad situations like this, it's going to blow things wide open, it's
going to make a lot of these publishers look bad.
Eidos has lost my business.
I was going to buy Conan and I Boring Adventures.
I'm taking my $50 and going elsewhere with that now.
As we referenced earlier in the show, and you do definitely bring up a source subject
around these parts, but it's a fair comparison, so fine.
It just goes to show you that there's a lot of shady things that go on behind the scenes,
and that's why a lot of this corporate stuff has a very sour taste in my mouth a lot of
the times.
If anything, I'm very interested to see whether it be mob mentality or not, there's going
to be a lot of people that are going to open themselves up to getting the news from gamers
who aren't necessarily paid to do it.
I'm very interested to see where that takes us, the independent folks.
I would honestly say if this were to happen to Orange Lounge Radio, the same situation
with an editor, I think a lot of the listeners here would go away.
I think it would look bad on Orange Lounge Radio, and that's why I'm glad we're independent.
That's why I'm glad we're not too coerced by money.
Crouere-We're the type of people that would have come on air and said, can you believe
Eidos wants us to pull the ad campaign over this review?
We kicked them to the curb.
I guess that's just the difference, but we don't pretend to be a money-making corporation
either.
We're not making money.
That's kind of the sad thing.
We're making tons of money.
You just don't know about it.
Really?
Where's my cut?
I blow all of it on crack.
DMN, anything else you want to share with the listeners?
We've got to get some more calls, though.
It's raining like hell in Seattle.
Have a good night.
All right.
Thank you for the weather report, DMN.
I appreciate it.
I'm going to log you out.
That was an even better report than the forecast channel, to be honest.
We've got more calls.
We're ringing off the hook tonight.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawn's radio.
Who's this?
Raven's Dolphin.
How are you tonight, Sky?
Hello.
I'm okay.
How are you, Raven's Dolphin?
I'm okay.
I just want to shed some more light on the Gershman trial, or not Gershman trial, the
Gershman thing.
Yes.
Not a trial yet.
Who knows?
Jumping the gun.
See?
Hold on a minute, Raven's Dolphin.
See?
This is exactly what happens when you play the Internet game of telephone.
Now suddenly on a blog, it's going to show up, oh my God, the Gershman firing case goes
to trial.
I heard it on OLR.
It's true.
It's not true.
It's not true.
I'm right.
No one will believe that.
I forgot.
That's right.
No one believes the poo that falls out of our mouths every Sunday night on this program,
if the corporate sites are to be deplete.
Anyway, what's on your mind, Raven's Dolphin?
I'm going to shed some light.
So basically, I did some investigation work.
So I usually listen to their podcast, I'm going to withhold their name, and he wasn't
on it.
He's always on it.
He wasn't on it.
So I'm believing that he got fired before the podcast went live.
And that's pretty shady.
And they didn't even mention he went on vacation or anything.
They just said nothing.
So that's pretty shady right there.
When does that particular show come out?
Wednesday.
That's the day supposedly he was canned.
Let's use the word allegedly.
That makes us sound professional.
But they recorded it.
Apparently, Wednesday was the day he was locked out of the office and his boxes were thrown
out on the curb.
That just sounds wrong.
Even, you know, it's going to feel like, I'm going to feel dumb if this happens when he
goes like, well, it wasn't over Kane and Lynch or he had some girl in the background fondling
in the GameSpot office.
I'm going to feel bad.
Now, see, that would be awesome if that was...
The man gets a raise.
That's the kind of teamwork I like to see here.
This guy was having an illicit affair with somebody else in the office and poor Idus
gets thrown under the bus over this whole thing.
I mean, the gaming community would owe these guys one hell of an apology if that came to
light.
Never going to happen.
Yeah, I know.
It's just funny to imagine these things.
I don't know.
I live in a weird world.
Anyway, sorry, Raven's Dolphin.
I usually follow GameSpot for years and this guy, I trust the guy, you know, he gives a
pretty good review and just seeing him on the curve and, you know, and a lot of people
are boycotting the network now.
They're canceling their descriptions to GameSpot and I kind of support that.
DMN wants to know, did the podcasters over on GameSpot sound morose?
They just went on with their normal lives.
They just went like, well, they didn't say anything.
They just went like, we were going on with our podcast and it just felt so weird.
Felt like they were hiding something and they were.
Maybe dark soccer really isn't in Alabama, Raven's Dolphin.
Was she a lawyer?
No, she is.
Of course she is.
Come on.
We would never do that.
But yeah, it's just funny.
Being buried in Alabama.
Never.
I'm surprised she hasn't called in, but she's probably sleeping if she flew back tonight.
But anyway, yeah, it's a lot of answers to come next week.
I think this is going to be one of the hot coffees of 2007.
I think we're going to see this pop up again before we know it.
I can tell you this, as a person that likes GameSpot and I'm the person that I always
go to GameSpot for my things.
I always reference to them and this is kind of just, I just can't just go there anymore
and trust them anymore.
I respect them.
I respect Jeff for giving an honest review of the game, even though that it got pulled.
We don't know until Tuesday, so I respect him for that and I hope he gets a better job.
You know, I got to say, GameSpot was one of my more, if I was going to go look at corp
sites, it was probably one of the ones I thought was better written.
It had a pretty good written.
It was very professional in a lot of the stuff I read.
Some of the corp sites feel a little unprofessional to me, but that particular one felt professional
in some of the things.
Obviously, when we were in the news a lot, because of the beautiful Katamari and the
Konami thing, we saw what some of these sites were writing about us and I thought GameSpot
was probably the most fair.
There they were.
They put it in the rumor control instead of the other, like, they mentioned your name.
That's the thing.
Interesting.
Interesting.
All right.
Well, Ravenstaufen, any other quick thoughts?
I'm echoing, so we've got to let you go here.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Bye-bye.
All right.
If you want to give us a call, we'll take a couple more calls, 877-GAME-OLR, username
on Skype, Orange Launch Radio.
Hello.
You're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, guys.
What's up?
This is Footy Monster.
Hello, Footy Monster.
What's up?
Hi, Footy Monster.
Nothing much.
Special hello from Rice Princess over there.
I haven't talked to you in a while.
Geez.
All right.
What's up?
I like your avatar on Skype, by the way.
It's some girl with big boobies.
Of course, boobs are the win.
I think this is going to star in Rice Princess' upcoming game, Boobies and Pandas.
All right.
What's in your mind, Footy?
Well, of course, it has to be this whole thing with GameSpot, and here's two things.
First off, when people are actually looking for reviews, they don't go to one place alone.
They go to all of the places, and they make an evaluation and a general consensus of what
they think they want to think of the game after they read all the reviews, not just
one review.
That's the first thing.
That's the second thing.
Are you sure?
No.
Are you sure?
Because some of those people who are paying for that site and stuff, I don't know.
Okay.
Here's what you guys need to do if you're looking at reviews.
If you're going to spend 60 bucks, if you're going to spend 60 bucks...
Don't just look at the numbers that they give the game.
Just look at the pros and cons that they list.
That's another thing.
That's another thing.
People also, that's my second reason, it's like they were pissed, and whatever happened
happened because of the number and not because of what was written, because I'm sure that
what he wrote is the same thing that everybody else wrote.
The problem with that is that they were an advertiser, but also the number didn't fit
with the PR department, which is usually the problem with everything in this gaming industry
that we're in.
We're making this sound like, whatever, this is a huge deal, but in truth, it happens
every day.
It also happens that this guy thought to do it this way, just for, I don't know, it
just happened this way, and this is the guy that fell down this line.
It's like they tried to make an example out of him.
I don't know.
I think there's so much more to come on this in the upcoming weeks.
I feel like some of the gaps eventually will have to be filled in.
This guy's going to talk at some point.
It'll be very interesting to see what he has to say.
Actually, someone did comment on the joystick story that they wrote on this thing, and apparently
someone from inside GameSpot, and the guys actually said how the process went, and apparently
the management in GameSpot changed, and now it's just a bunch of suits, and apparently
this kind of thing is going to keep happening in GameSpot.
Well, I don't know, but after this huge backlash, money rules everything, and if it's
true that people are canceling their accounts not just by the hundreds, but by the thousands,
then there are a board of directors that are over those suits, and those suits will be
out very soon.
Are you sure about that?
I mean, the thing is that suits are there for a reason.
That's the reason why they bring them in.
Money changes everything.
Remember that old song?
If it's true that people are canceling their accounts, and this is their...
I mean, if it's like five people...
Sometimes a lot of people threaten to do things, but they don't actually do it, but if it's
true that people are canceling their accounts en masse, that money goes to pay these people's
paychecks, and management will be the first thing to go if this company starts losing
money and they have to lay off.
I don't want to see GameSpot go under.
I don't, but already they lost credibility, and not the editors.
I mean, the editors themselves, if they go somewhere else, they're going to have their
credibility back, but if they go, if they stay there like scaredy cats, and you will
never know if their writing is their honest opinion or something that they're doing just
because they don't want to lose their jobs.
Well, I was going to say, they may not have a choice.
They may have families and stuff.
The job market's not that easy sometimes.
Oh, I mean, trust me, I understand that, but the thing is we as gamers and as consumers
who are about to spend whatever our money...
Okay, not me because I hired everything, but people who actually pay for stuff, they want
to know what they're paying for, so it's not fair for them to buy crap because you don't
know if they're lying to you when they're supposed to be telling you the objective truth.
For some reason, there's a reason why it's journalism.
It's a niche, but it's journalism, a kind of journalism, so they're supposed to be objective,
and if money's in the way, I forgot who was it called that said that, but if money's in
the way, then forget it.
The whole thing gets screwed, and what we're looking at is everything's going to be game
of the year material because we never know who's going to be paying for the paycheck
at the end of the month.
One more thing, then we've got to wrap up and let you go.
I'm looking here at Dr. 3ev, or whatever this guy's name is in chat.
I can't pronounce his name.
I'm sorry.
It says, Footy Monster takes payola for RPG reviews. Are these accusations true?
I wish they were.
Trust me, the minute it happens, I'm buying myself out the receipt.
I'm 60.
Just know it.
So far, no.
About that, guys, you need to check out The Witcher.
Such a good game.
I'll tell you.
What system is this on?
PC only.
What's PC?
What?
It's PC only?
It's PC only.
Yeah, but I don't have a great setup.
I have a really crappy video card, like 60-buck video card, and it works acceptably good in
medium detail, but it's such a fun game.
I mean, obligatory plug.
Check for the review on The Ultimate Quest.
What's it called?
The Witcher?
Yeah.
The Witcher.
It's based on some Polish guy's books, and it's actually pretty good.
You've heard of this, Loki?
Yeah.
It sounds like a scary game.
I guess.
Interesting.
All right.
I'll check it out, Footy.
It's not a scary game at all, but it has sex, which is good.
All right.
Sex is great.
I'm there.
All right, Footy.
We've got to let you go.
Take care, buddy.
All right.
Take care, guys.
Bye-bye.
You too.
Bye, Footy.
Bye.
I think this is going to do it for calls tonight, because we're looking at two long segments
tonight.
The short show last week has made this show very large this week, so we've got to go around
and start getting everybody's final thoughts, but not before we get some last-minute stories.
Loki, do you have any last-minute stories for us tonight, by chance?
No.
Wow.
That's a first.
It's a slow week.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, there's been a couple huge bombshells, like, of course, the GameSpot thing and everything
and the Activision, if anything, but then, yeah, the rest of it's been kind of a quiet
week.
Oh.
We'll be back for February.
Oh.
Really?
PlayStation 3, 360 Wii, PlayStation 2, maybe, Karaoke Revolution, so.
Mmm.
Interesting.
That's going to be very interesting, considering harmonics and Konami aren't in bed together
anymore, are they?
I don't know.
I would like...
They could still make it, though, without them.
I would like to see American Idol on the 360, though.
That would be kind of fun, because I like the Karaoke Revolution series.
Yeah.
Very cool.
I hope Universe 2 doesn't suck.
I hope not either.
I hope not either.
We'll see.
Yeah.
Uh, Rice Princess, any last-minute stories from you?
Have you been keeping tabs on the game industry?
I just pooped.
Yeah, great.
That's great.
Thank you very much.
You're welcome.
All right.
Oh, yeah.
Disney Channel.
Next.
When's that coming out?
January.
Oh.
All right.
If at all.
It keeps getting delayed.
All right.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thought.
Rice Princess, thanks so much for being here tonight, even if you didn't contribute much
besides your poop jokes.
No, I'm just kidding.
We always appreciate having you here.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Any final thoughts for our listeners tonight?
No.
Okay.
No.
You contribute so much to this program.
I appreciate it.
Thanks.
Loki, any final thoughts from you?
I just have a lot of games to play this week.
Probably won't get to most of them.
My final thought is I need to charge my iPod so I can listen to lots of podcasts tomorrow
at work because I'm writing tomorrow so I want to be able to listen to podcasts and
music.
Good idea.
That sounds good to me.
All right.
I need a new job.
I hope your employers don't listen to this program.
They do.
Whatever.
I don't think my manager knows how to operate a podcast anyways, to be honest.
I know I have coworkers who listen to this show sometimes.
They like it.
No, but seriously though, I mean, I need a new job.
This doesn't pay enough.
The problem is though in the area that we're at, like since we don't live in the Bay Area,
you know, there's not like game companies all over Sacramento.
The Bay Area is a highly competitive job market too.
Yeah.
Hey, I hear there's a couple job openings at GameSpot.
That's in the Bay Area though, see?
I don't want to be an editor.
You could take the train over there.
I can't write.
You could take the train.
I can hardly see.
Can you imagine Loki's game reviews on GameSpot?
Oh my God, this game sucks.
There wasn't enough boobs.
No.
I would be objective, but you know, I just honestly, when we're talking about games during
our game of the week and stuff like that, I can't go into an in-depth review about stuff
because honestly, I don't play a lot of stuff and I don't have the free time to like review
a game every week or something like that.
I don't have enough time to play anything.
You barely have enough time to do this damn show.
I do.
I barely have enough time to do this damn show, but no, I don't know.
I would love to do a review show and one of the things I'm planning on doing with my money
they get for my bonus is building a new computer and going to have a nice new video card that's
going to hopefully have something that I can import component video to so I can do stuff
like that, video editing and stuff.
Nice.
I just have to have the time to do all that stuff too because, you know.
Alright.
Well, anyhow, I guess we'll see what the future holds in 2008 for Loki and, you know, all
the rest of us here at Orange Launch Radio.
Meantime, thank you guys so much for downloading and supporting independent podcasting by listening
to Orange Launch Radio.
We really appreciate it.
If you like what you heard, please tell two friends about our station because then when
everybody tells two people, slowly we take over the world and if you don't have any friends,
I'm sorry to hear that first of all, you can make some friends on our forums at orangelaunchradio.com,
but you can also leave us a review on iTunes.
That would be fair as well because we need some more five star reviews on iTunes.
We haven't gotten any in a while.
It kind of makes me sad.
Aww.
Yeah.
Make me happy.
Leave some more five star reviews this week.
That's it guys.
Thank you so much for tuning in.
Have a great week.
You've been listening to Orange Launch Radio.
Orange Launch Radio is an Orange Launch production.
For more information on our live and podcast programs, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next week.
