Tonight, January 29th, 2006, we speak with Rick Sanchez, Vice President of Content for
GameTap, his World of Warcraft against gay and lesbian guilds, and we give you a complete
wrap-up of Konami Gamer's Day.
Welcome everybody to another week here on Orange Lounge Radio. It is Sunday,
January 29th and you're listening to
Orange Lounge Radio or maybe if you're listening to this the podcast way, it's
any day you want because the podcast thing lets you do that.
Anyway we are here to talk about video games and all the news you really want to
know about.
My name is Rob Roberts, you might know me as Sky. Joining me as always, say hello
to Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers with off microphone. That's alright.
Dang it, this has just been like crap week, so forgive me for being a little flustered.
That's alright, how you doing besides crap and flustered?
I'm in pain, because I worked out. I did not play a game, but worked out yesterday like
a good girl. I went to the gym, but I was gaming all the rest of the week.
Well we'll get to gaming in just a minute, but it would be rude of me not to introduce
Here's the one and only Loki.
Hi.
Hi, Loki.
How you doing?
Frustrated.
I couldn't get on a motorcycle for some reason.
They were too fast for my character in Grand Theft Auto Liberty City.
Oh, at first I was like, you ride motorcycles?
You have a class A license?
No.
No.
So, because I think I put the aggressive driver's code in before I got a motorcycle and so it
made it a little bit tougher to get one.
Okay.
Well, sorry to hear it.
Also joining us since once in a while we'd like to invite a special guest on to fill
out our fourth chair here in the studio.
Say hello to Miklotov, who was just here two weeks ago.
Two weeks ago, yes.
But he's back.
Hello.
How you doing?
Fine.
Yeah?
Yep.
Miklotov, for those that don't know, works for Konami, but his role is top secret, so
we don't really talk about Konami.
Actually, we have a lot of Konami to talk about tonight.
Yeah, it makes me sad, too.
You'll just have to roll your eyes at the whole thing, I guess, or turn your back.
I just said I didn't get to go.
talk about that a little later okay that's that's that's our two oh our two
okay all right anyway um welcome everybody and I hope you enjoyed the
show last week you got a lot of good feedback and stuff um we're gonna start
off tonight's program as we always do playing a little bit of how is your
gaming week and since um we feel like doing things different tonight we're
gonna go in a reverse order a different order than usual so we'll start with
miklotov what kind of games did you play this week anything exciting I played a
lot of World of Warcraft especially this weekend that's it how's how's the World
of Warcraft going for you it's actually going good it's kind of fun having a
good time mm-hmm I like that I don't have to party but I also hate that I
don't have to party mm-hmm and beyond that I got giddy this week when they
announced that pirate or Corsair was a job class now in Final Fantasy 11 oh
yeah expansion path I heard about this in the expansion back that they're gonna
be doing it's like it's it's blue mage and and corsair or saying we don't know
what else yet okay but a corsair is pretty much a pirate right with gambler
also mixed in okay so so let me get this right
Final Fantasy 11 has a job class for ninja yeah and now they have a job class
for pirate yes so now you're gonna have ninja versus pirates or ninja slash
pirates or pirate slash name doesn't that throw off the balance of the
universe though to have a ninja and then like pirate is your sub job no higher
than the ninja that's wrong that's like a conflict of interest no because I get
along everybody knows they really get along it's just it's like the you know
what's those Hicks that fought all the time the Hatfields and McCoy yeah those
people they probably really got along it's just like pirates and ninjas but if
they didn't have a fight the Pirates would win so so now for those that don't
know me glitov which I imagine most people don't you you are infatuated with
the color blue you love yes yes I do so but you're not gonna play a blue mate
No, I'm gonna play a corsair because it's a pirate that makes no sense. So pirates rank outrank blue things for you
Um in this game, yes, for some reason they gave a blue mage really crappy armor
It looks really stupid but a pirate looks like a pirate and that's all that matters. So
I'm sure I can get blue pirate armor. I'll be happy
Okay, I really don't know how to follow that up. So anything else you want to share? I played more Mario Kart
I'm up to how many wins do you have there like 1500? Yeah 1500 something. You're sad
I think some of our chatters are playing are trying to get a game of Mario Kart DS going on right now
Oh, well, they're cool, except they're playing online. So it sucks OrangeLoungeRadio.com click on chat if you want to join in the fun
Why why does online suck because you can only have four people and then whoever doesn't get first place
Always drops out for the next race. So by the third race you're by yourself. Do you do that snaking thing?
No, because I think it's stupid. Okay, I was just curious and people snake around the course and Mario Kart DS
It's really it's really annoying. Yeah, it's irritating. Yep. All right
Loki how was your gaming week? I played lots of Grand Theft Auto Liberty City stories
I a little bit of need for speed most wanted on the 360 a little bit Call of Duty 2 on the 360 and
Animal Crossing DS
Just, how's life in Animal Crossing?
I'm about to pay off.
I'm not even sure what mortgage it is.
It's basically the second room in the house.
So I have one extra room.
Now I'm going to get a second extra room.
And then there's one more extra room and then I'm done.
Awesome.
So I have like a hundred and some thousand dollars worth of foreign fruit in my village.
village we got rid of all the really annoying characters they moved away now
we have like
bears we have one that's called blue bear it looks like a care bear
and I don't like it so it's gonna have to move because I'll start sending
evil messages is that how you get your characters to move cuz to get mine to
move I just don't talk to them
you're just not supposed to talk to them? I just ignore them
and when they try to run when they try to run up to talk to me I run away
I just out them and then that usually does it
You know, I accuse them of having, you know,
gay orgies and stuff like that, and usually they get embarrassed and move away.
Alright, anything else you want to share about your gaming week?
Um, no. No, that's pretty much it.
I didn't play much else. Alright, I'll go next then.
My gaming week actually wasn't that exciting. I did play a little bit of
World of Warcraft.
I played Silent Hill 4 at the request of Miklotov earlier today. For five minutes.
like five minutes no it's a little longer than that six minutes no it was
like a good half hour no no is that it was like cuz remember you made me load
the one game that I left off like a year and a half ago and I started playing it
going I have no idea what the hell's going on cuz it's been like a year and a
half since I touched this game so then I was like okay I'm gonna go back and
start over and then I you know I made a pretty good progress you got to reverse
were 15 minutes of playing I like Silent Hill 4 though it's a good game and
And uh, Meteos. I've been playing the crap out of Meteos.
I love Meteos, it's a great game. And uh, I'm trying to unlock every single planet right now.
And I only have like four left to go. So I'm doing really well, I'd like to say.
I'm very proud of my accomplishments there. And um,
that's about it for me. DarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
Um, I got a Game Boy Micro this week. Oh, and the itty bitty, itty bitty ones!
What's your face plate look like? Um, it's the plain black one.
Oh. How boring! It's dark like my soul! How boring!
No, I like it. It was- I'm not gonna complain because it's free.
Yeah, it's- I'm not going to say how I obtained it either. Oh, really?
Through natharious means. My, you know, pact with the dark powers.
Okay. You're kinda scaring me here a little bit. And we got a free copy of Pokemon Emerald with it too.
Oh, that's cool. But I took it out from promptly input in YY Racing.
Can you actually read text on those little things? Because- Yes!
I played the hell out of space Harrier on that thing really
yep I love me some space Harrier I have
I have really yet to really sit down with a micro I saw it at E3 and that was about it
I'll let you play it during the break. Cool my opinion of it has not changed one bit
when I remember looking at it E3 I'm like wow this is the most useless thing I've
ever seen
it's actually pretty cool and I like it cuz I can
just carry it with me wherever cuz it's little and it will fit in my pocket
because it's a fashion accessory like something Paris Hilton would have hanging
from her purse
no cuz Paris Hilton- like you have hanging from your cell phone oh no it's- Paris Hilton is a
stupid whore
alright look correction
stupid spoiled whore oh it's kinda cute- it is so cute
cute oh look at that black and silver- it's in the palm of my hand this news is like so six
months old these micros that's- I'm seeing one for the first time
that is kinda cute up close I forgot what I put in there
let me see oh they feed on the bottom here
yep let's see let's see what game Jamie has in her
Gameboy Micro let's see
oh you have a Guardian Heroes Advance
good game good choice
I have good taste in games. I'm gonna play a lot of Animal Crossing too. I have about 200 bells from paying off my
fourth loan
uh-huh and I'll get my fifth loan paid off
I'm actually making sure I'm doing it to where I'm paying off a hundred thousand a week
because I wanna pace myself so the game still entertaining for both you guys
cuz I'm I'm a little bored with Animal Crossing I got rid of it within
a week having it I bit I visit other people's towns once in a while the
order things for my catalog for them but that's about it
which might have to get you a pinball machine well I'm a Capcom
band tonight why what you pullin more Gameboy games are the super Street
Fighter 2 and puzzle fighter
okay I don't even know they may puzzle fighter for Gameboy Advance
See? What a cool. And then I'm gonna get my DS fight.
Alright. Um, let's see, uh, that's about it I guess for, uh,
gaming week then if, if, uh, nobody else has anything additional they wanna add?
Um, no, not really. Is it just me or is, is tonight a little bit of an off night? I think we
all feel like a little bit, I was very, very sick yesterday, I got
really, really sick last night, and I'll get into that when I get into the FUs of the week, but
that's the reason I'm off.
I know Jamie's off a little bit. She talked about that earlier in the show. I told someone off today
Did you do why would what did they do?
food woman
For being a woman is that why you told her off. I was hanging out with Tia today. Uh-huh, and this woman shoved Tia
And I was like you can say excuse me
She's all like I did very softly. I'm like well next time Sam where people can hear you
And then she got behind us in line and said you some people need to clean out here
I said some people need to learn how to speak up
Where was this at Barnes & Noble? Oh, we were buying tarot cards
Are you were you trying to start a fight in the middle of Barnes & Noble? No
She was just using her library voice
Yes, she was using her library voice. She was right behind us and I could not hear her and I have good hearing
Wait, I'm gonna put that theory to the test. Hold on
Jamie sucks. I
I know you do moving on
let's get into some actual news shall we
Loki while I beat up Jamie could you tell us a little bit about what's going
on with the Nintendo DS
I'm gonna use my library voice and I do it either
okay so the DS it was yes we're redesigning it then
no we're redesigning it and now it was basically
We have nothing to announce today, but tomorrow that's a whole different story.
They basically announced a few days later after the whole conspiracy theory that they
were going to announce a redesign because I love how they have to be right at all times.
Just like I said last week, we have nothing to say at this time, but anyways they announced
the DS Lite.
a lot thinner, a lot smaller, and it's white. Yeah. And you'll buy it because you're a consumer
whore. And hell. Actually they're talking about the original
DS being marked down a couple bucks and this one's probably going to be about $120. It's
supposed to be released in March for Japan, no word on the US but of course I'm sure it's
gonna hit us at some point in multiple colors and all that wonderful stuff so
yeah how long before Jamie buys one cuz she bought a micro or acquired one
somehow so she's got to get a light to match it right are they gonna put out
the light in soulless black for a dark Sakura possibly and also is a brighter
screen so oh really yeah so I can use it to light the hallway in my darkened
house
all right so wait then this single still play advance games right not just yes
but advance
yeah we're not losing any that no you're not losing anything it's just a little
bit there
any a white stylus to match the white mmm virtual white stylus
on the one things they said the possibly come with it is an actual
I'm car that will go into the game by advance slot so that
you know to protect it from dust and that type of stuff but
yeah cares is now with the rumble packs are for
actually I hate the DS Rumble pack I hate it it's it's it feels weird to me
like it's it's more funny feeling than the rez trans vibrator
it's it's really strange. Does it make you feel special in the uh
no it makes me feel odd I don't like the DS Rumble pack it
it doesn't rumble it it like it buzzes it's kinda scary
yeah exactly. Like letter shock therapy. Yeah it's like Silent Hill or something
so yeah it
very when I heard this I was like
yeah okay well I'm I'm surprised
now it seems a little bit early for because did we just talk about last week
when we were saying why the DS redesign won't happen we were like if it ain't
broke don't fix it and the DS is doing
pretty well so it's kinda surprising that but not well enough
we you have to understand they've sold you know one to probably every Japanese
person
they have to sell another one to every Japanese person else so the only way to
do that
What? Redesign them. Make them smaller so you can put more on them?
Then the Game Boy Pocket, then the Game Boy Pocket Color, then the
Game Boy SP, then the Virtual Boy, which we all forget about, then we had the
you know Game Boy DS, and then we had the Game Boy Advance, and then we had those like me
who had
you know lights installed in it. Also the other reason why that they have it
white is to you know also set
some more conspiracy theories on how Nintendo and Apple would be working
together so oh yeah that's a lot of feedback I've been reading is that
they're trying to make DS's look like iPods I'm not touching that one I know
you've gotten there's so many things you've gotten enough hate mail in the
past couple weeks I only got one letter actually but whatever yeah so is anybody
in here think they'll buy one I will why because I'm a Nintendo fanboy and I buy
at least one version of every system they come out with. When the SP came
out I bought a blue one and when they had the red one come out I also bought
the red one. That's right I forgot about that. That's sad. Yeah and when we were at
the store the other day I almost bought that Mario Kart DS because of the DS
bundle because it was the red DS I don't have a red DS yet so I'll buy one. Are you
gonna buy a white DS and take it back when a blue one comes out? Well they said that
there's gonna be a few colors for the Japanese launch I'll wait to see if
there's something beyond white if there's a blue one I will get a blue one
if there's a white one I guess I'll just get the white one if any other crappy
colors come out like yellow or something it all depends when they come out and
what the price set I mean I'm probably not gonna go trade in my DS for a new DS
because I'd just be retarded but on top of that doesn't your is your Animal
Crossing village dependent on your game on your system I don't know it is well
friend code yeah but I don't think so yeah I'm not sure how that would screw
it all up if you try to take your cart because it does say something about the
cartridges linked to the system yeah who cares yes I honestly I think I'll get
one but that's just for the convenience of you know it being smaller and not
having enough room in my purse and I like the the extra backlighting features
that's kind of cool not that the games are dark right now but they could pull
another Castlevania like they did on advance and just make it impossible to
see so alright well we'll see how well the DS Lite does when it comes out a
little later this year we're really excited because we have a great
interview tonight so we're gonna get right into that you know we've talked
about something new let's talk about something a little bit retro but also a
little bit new here several weeks ago on the show we reviewed a new gaming
product we've been seeing and hearing a lot of in the media lately game tap game
GameTap is the program you can use to download and play classic games such as Atari 2600
and Sega Master System games or games of more recent memory such as games in the Tomb Raider
series and Prince of Persia Sands of Time.
When we reviewed the product, we had a lot of questions about the potential of this product.
We decided to invite someone from GameTap onto the show to talk about the present and
future of their product and we are now very happy to invite onto the program tonight,
Rick Sanchez, Vice President of Content for GameTap.
Are you guys ready to bring them on the line and get some of our questions answered?
Joining us this week, letís say hello to Rick Sanchez, Vice President of Content with
GameTap.
Hi Rick, how are you doing?
Rick Sanchez, Vice President of Content with GameTap
Good.
How are you tonight?
Thank you so much for taking time out to be on our show this week.
Happy to be here.
Why was GameTap started?
A whole bunch of reasons.
I think the most important reason is that there was a guy here at Turner Broadcasting
His name is Blake Lewin, who just absolutely loves video games.
At the core of GameTap, while there's a lot of business reasons to go ahead and create
it, is this foundation for a real passion for games, old games, new games, all games,
and a belief that a good game made a year ago, five years ago, or 20 years ago, is still
a good game today.
It's a shame that more people can't experience a wider variety of games.
It was sort of the impetus for GameTap on a personal level.
For Turner, the idea of GameTap presented a really unique opportunity and an interesting
foray into a broadband product, which was that there were lots of things to do with
broadband out there, but to date, no one had really gone out and said, I'm going to make
a product specifically for broadband, something that's designed to cater to a broadband
audience that fills broadband users' needs and takes advantage of these wetter pipes
in a unique and interesting way.
There was a Turner impetus for GameTap, and then there was just a nice game industry coincidence
that once you release a game, you've really got one shot to put it out there and that's
it.
If it doesn't pick up in sales in the first few weeks, it gets taken off shelves and no
Nobody may ever find that game again except in a bargain bin later, unlike movies where
movies hit the theaters, then they hit airplanes and hotels, then they hit DVD, then they hit
pay cable, then they hit basic cable, then they hit network TV.
They've got this really wonderful sort of long tail approach to all these different
opportunities for people to experience the content and of course for the people who create
the content to profit from their efforts.
A lot of games I notice on GameTap are in some cases so old and so classic that a lot
of the teenagers and even 20-somethings probably never even played these games before, so I
totally can see where you're coming from.
It's like a whole new life for the games.
Not just the old ones, but there are two titles we have that have just really done phenomenally
for us.
They're both Ubisoft titles incidentally.
One of them is Beyond Good and Evil, and the other is Prince of Persia, Sands of Time.
They're both phenomenal games, but neither one of them really sold all that well for
a variety of reasons.
When Beyond Good and Evil came out, it came out during a holiday season packed with a
lot of other franchise games, and it was sort of a unique, new game, sort of different.
I didn't immediately find an audience, but it's consistently a game that people keep
discovering and playing more and more all the time, despite the fact that it didn't
really sell all that well.
Standard Time is another really fantastic game, really well-reviewed when it came out,
but it shipped a little late in the holiday season and came out when there was a ton of
other games in the market and so I didnít find an audience for that first sort of new
revamp of the original franchise, but on GameTap it was doing GameBusters.
I totally agree because I never checked out Sansa Time when it first came out just because
there was so much.
I remember what you said, when it came out it was a very busy holiday season.
I never checked it out and I finally got a chance to play it through GameTap myself a
couple of weeks ago and I see where the critics really enjoyed this game.
Itís a really great title.
Itís really a shame I didnít do better at retail the first time around, but itís great
for us.
What type of extras does GameTap offer besides just these retro games themselves?
What would make the average gamer, and I think this is probably the thing that makes anybody
debate, ìDo I want to join the service or not?î is the money.
What would make the average gamer want to pay $14.95 a month for this service?
I can come up with a bunch of reasons, but if it were me and I actually work here and
I was looking at how I'm going to spend my gaming dollars, there are a few things
about game titles that would really drive home the value for me.
One of them is just the sheer breadth of titles that we have, and we've got now over 365
games in the system.
We're adding between four and six a week right now, and the games cover everything
from the granddaddy of video games, Pong, all the way through to pretty recent Tileslakes
and Beyond Good and Evil and some of the Splinter Cell games.
As a consumer, there's just no way that I can afford to buy every game I might want
to play, but for a monthly fee, I can try a lot of games that maybe I was on the fence
about spending money on, and I can play them as much as I want or not play them at all.
So thereís no sort of lost value for me if I try a game, donít really like it and move
on to something else.
Itís not like I went out and spent $50 on something that I didnít like.
The value of it is pretty big.
That kind of relates to something I think I was reading on the website or something
about.
There was a good comparison to the fact that folks pay $14.95 a month for certain MMOs
and thatís just for one game.
Exactly.
Like I said, weíre launching more all the time.
But purely from that perspective, I think there's a value to us.
One of the things that we do, especially with the older games we have, is we really take
the time and put in the energy to make these games run the way that the original creators
wanted them to run.
So anybody can go out, download some emulation software, find some illegal ROMs, and play
a lot of these games.
But the difference between that experience and the experience in GameTap is that we went
directly to the publishers that, is this game running the way it's supposed to?
And they gave us feedback like,
well you know that color blue is a little bit off, can you fix that?
It's running just a little bit too fast, can you slow it down?
There's this glitch that
shouldn't be in there, can you fix that? So we're sort of remastering these games for
a new generation, and when you get the game in GameTap,
you're getting it the way it's supposed to be played.
You're getting it the way the publishers want the game to be
experienced.
I didn't realize that those games were going through such intensive
tweaking, so to speak, before they get rolled out on GameTap. That's excellent.
Every single game that gets rolled out on GameTap,
we go through a really extensive internal process where we try and get it
as close to the original as possible, and then we let the publisher have their say.
Every single game is approved by the original publishers.
They're telling us,
this game isn't running the way it's supposed to, and it's okay for your service.
I think that's important. And then a lot of these games,
even if you wanted to try and run them in an emulator, you may not be able to.
So we have a bunch of DOS games in our service that honestly are kind of hard to get to run
in any capacity.
Of course, there are the Dreamcast titles that we have.
We've got three up now.
The Dreamcast as a platform is incredibly difficult to emulate.
It's one of those tiny, complex things we've undertaken.
We were going to put a lot more Dreamcast titles out this year, but where else can you
jump in and play Dreamcast games?
There's nowhere.
I know that with the DOS games, especially old classic titles like Space Quest, especially
for those folks that have tried to emulate DOS games in the past, you get problems with
speed.
As our computers now are so fast, you can't play those games at the optimal speed, but
GameTap figured it out how to emulate that on the computer at the appropriate speed.
A lot of the DOS games we're emulating almost on a game-by-game basis.
We're going in, we're figuring out what do we have to do to our DOS emulator to make
this game run right, and weíre doing that work, so thereís a big difference between
just taking some DOS files, running it through a free DOS emulator, and the experience you
get with us.
I noticed that GameTap is constantly rolling out patches and features and new interface
things.
One thing, when I initially was reviewing GameTap on the show, I thought, ìGee, itíd
be really great if one day we could have a multiplayer element in this, especially when
I see the leaderboards and the competition a little bit there.
Is that a possibility for the future, multiplayer or other type of interactive features with
the system?
The simple answer is yes.
The more complex answer is I can't tell you too much about it right now, but multiplayer
is something that we think is really important.
Almost every game in our system has some component of multiplayer built into it, whether or not
It's sitting next to somebody and you play together, or some of our PC titles which were
designed to run over the internet, peer-to-peer IP playing.
Multiplayer is very important to us.
It's something we're working very hard on, and when we do have it, you'll find
that it's something that's more than I hope what some people might have expected
out of multiplayer.
We can't go into any more detail than that.
Weíve been talking a little bit about the games as theyíre rolled out.
You release new games every week and Iíve seen articles in the press lately about GameTap
getting licenses with these other game companies.
How does GameTap choose the games that will actually be included in the library?
Right now, weíve got a lot of games under license, more than we have in the system obviously.
The way that we try to figure out which games that we have in our license are going to go
into the system is a combination of taking a look at the value of any individual game
and saying, when is the best time to plug this into the system?
So Sands of Time, for example, we wanted to put into the system to coincide with the launch
of Two Thrones, and we did a big lead-up to it.
So we put in Prince of Persia 1, Prince of Persia 2, the original Jordan Meckner games.
We did a big video retrospective on the entire Prince of Persia series from Prince of Persia
all the way through to Thrones, and then we finally launched Sand to Time as our finale
to that effort.
Other things that we look at doing are essentially a technical assessment.
When technically can we get this game running well enough to be able to put it into the
system?
Honestly, that's probably our biggest gating factor.
A lot of the stuff we have under license is difficult to get running, so the Dreamcast
games, for example.
We have quite a few other Dreamcast games under license.
We're working very hard on getting all the emulation for each one of those games running.
It's basically a game-by-game process, and as soon as those are ready, we're going to
put them in.
It's a combination of what do we have that's available for us to use from the publishers
that said, that's it, you got it right, you can use it, combined with what else is going
on in the world that makes releasing this game a good time to release it.
You want to make sure that you're putting it out right and not just doing something
rushed.
That's very important.
Absolutely.
The other thing we do is we try to put out big packages together.
We rolled out the Heroes of Might and Magic series as a series, but we had to wait for
one of the games to get finished, one of the old DOS games we had some trouble getting
running.
We held all the other Heroes of Might and Magic games so we could get that one final
game fixed.
Then we released the whole thing as a big giant stunt where you could play the entire
Heroes of Might and Magic series.
Thatís another way that we pick games.
Douglas Goldstein, CFPÆ, Financial Planner & Investment Advisor
Iíve noticed that too with Space Quest, which is a series Iíve been following, it seemed
like for a few weeks there it was kind of like your Space Quest 5 and 3, like a new
game from that series was showing up every couple of weeks, which was kind of cool.
I know you talked about a big push going on with Prince of Persia, Sands of Time.
Are there other types of big titles that GameTap is going to be adding in the future?
Any hints that you can give us here on what's coming up?
It's probably nothing as big as Sands of Time in the next couple of weeks.
We do have the series Lords of the Realm coming very soon, which is a very favorite classic
series that a lot of people have enjoyed.
We have another iteration of the Commandos series from Eidos coming soon.
I donít know if I would want to reveal anything more than what Iíve just given you right
now.
Okay, thatís fine.
Weíve got to keep some secrets.
Thatís fine.
Iíve got to keep a few things in my back pocket.
I already gave you the multiplayer hint.
All right.
Weíll take it.
One thing, going to a completely different topic, because I know that GameTap is a little
more than just the games, because when we originally reviewed GameTap on this program,
we noticed the MediaPlex right away.
We noticed this section of the software and there are basically television program shorts
that are kind of loaded in here that the subscribers can watch.
How are these segments chosen for broadcast?
The theory behind our Mediaplax is really that GameTap as a whole is a combination of
games on demand and video on demand.
We're calling it a broadband network, you can play kind of thing, but it's sort of
a new creature that lives online that takes things from the internet and takes things
from broadcast from a lot of different entertainment disciplines and puts them together into a
broadband package.
The media plexus is our linear video programming side of the equation.
In there, we're trying to create sort of a TV network for the internet.
TV networks are very linear.
You don't have a lot of control over them unless you own a TV or a replay TV or some
kind of other digital recording device.
With our television offering, what we've got now and what I can tell you we're moving
more towards is true video on demand, where all of our programming is put in a place where
you can decide what you want to watch, when you want to watch it, and how you want to
watch it.
We create series based primarily on what we think our audience is interested in.
We have a series called Tapped In.
It's a behind-the-scenes, did-you-know, magazine-style show, so one of my favorite
episode is about the Rayman franchise.
What most people don't know about Rayman is that it was originally created by a teenager
in France.
The reason he has no arms and legs is because when they were animating him, the arms and
legs just made the animation too choppy on the hardware at the time.
To keep the animation as fluid as possible, they just erased the arms and legs and created
this very iconic character who is still showing up in video games today.
So we've got a program like that that is designed to provide sort of an informative look at games with a nice entertainment spin.
And then we have Space Ghost, which is my favorite interviewer of all time.
As with a lot of people, I feel very similar.
And with that, we want to bring an interesting interview format to the game space that's never existed before.
before.
Everybody does interviews, right?
G4 does interviews, IGN does interviews, Electronic Gaming News does interviews, everybody's
got interviews, but nobody has interviews quite the way Space Ghost does them.
From one interviewer to that one, I have to concede, no interviewer can do it like Space
Ghost.
Exactly.
So that's our take there, that we wanted to bring a different perspective to interviewing
to the game industry, and that's why Space Ghost made the leap from broadcast to broadband.
In other programming, we picked to highlight some of the games in our system, and in other
programming, it's really designed to fulfill the entertainment needs of people who are
interested in games.
Our goal with MediaPlex is to provide really interesting content that, if you like games,
you might also enjoy, to give it its gaming lifestyle television.
I have to go here because I went here when I initially reviewed GameTap on this program
and you brought up something that was very interesting in the last segment as you said
nobody can do interviews and you mentioned some other television stations right there.
Now I noticed that GameTap is owned by Turner Broadcasting who owns various over cable television
networks.
Some gamers feel very underrepresented right now by what's on gaming television so to
speak.
Is there a possibility of crossing over onto Turner's other properties, like the GameTap
show on TBS, so folks over cable can feel represented again?
David Tompkins You can always say there's a possibility.
I don't have anything like that planned right now.
Our focus is really on broadband.
We really believe that gamers as a group, people who may not consider themselves gamers
but enjoy games, they're moving increasingly to broadband as a platform, they're moving
away from television, they're digesting information in a more sort of piece by piece
kind of way.
So instead of sitting back and watching a half hour of programming about games, they're
more interested in, I want to see this and I want to see that, but I don't want to
see the rest.
So from our perspective, it's a much more compelling content offering and also a much
much more compelling way to represent our audience to deliver our message and our content
through the broadband medium rather than television.
One thing Iíve got to say I like about the way itís set up to the standard over cable
networks wouldnít be able to provide is that when GameTap is featuring a game in one of
the programs, I could click a couple of buttons and then be playing that game.
Exactly, and youíll see a lot more of that over the next few months.
Now kind of going to a different topic here, with GameTap kind of tapping into these retro
games as well as some of the newer titles as well and this whole push towards like a
broadband center basically, is it possible one day that GameTap could maybe leave the
computer and become something that you plug right into the TV?
Because I think about retro gaming is very popular with those little joysticks you can
plug into the TV.
Could GameTap be a console one day that you plug right into television?
We wouldn't rule it out, but our focus right now is really PC formats, so something with
a computer chip in it that has to hook up to a screen.
That's really what we're looking at right now.
Having said that, we had a big announcement at CES recently.
We're participating in Intel's VIVE platform, so a decent VIVE system hooked up to a TV
and you've got GameTap as a platform running on your big screen.
It's not so far-fetched, but I don't know that we would want to necessarily work within
the confines of one of those joysticks you plug into a TV, for a variety of reasons,
one of them being if you added up the total volume, disk space volume, of all the games
we have in our library, you'd have to have a lot of hard drives to plug into your TV
to get the GameTap experience, and then divorcing the video from GameTap, which you'd have
to do in one of those things, but it would make game type a lot less than it is today.
My last question I have for you today is subscription and download-based gaming the future of gaming
as you see it, or is it just another thing that can complement the consoles, the CDs
that we have now?
I don't think digital delivery is going to replace physical delivery.
I think it's going to be a great complement to physical delivery for a lot of reasons.
One of them is if you take a look at the latest generation of consoles coming out and the
sheer quantity of data that has to fit on one of those disks for those games, physical
storage is still outpacing the ability of broadband pipes to deliver that much data
that quickly.
Our biggest games on GameTap still take 15, sometimes 20 minutes to download, and if you
a slow connection, and I use slow as a relative term, like a DSL connection, it might take
even longer, versus a CD, you pop it in, and you're ready to go.
One of the things we do to make downloading less of a task is, on GameTap, you can play
a smaller game like Pac-Man while you're downloading Splinter Cell.
If you don't have to wait to play games with us while you're downloading something,
there's plenty of other small games you can play while you're waiting.
You could do like three games at once.
Rick Sanchez is Vice past president of content game tab.
Thank you so much for being on the show this week.
We really appreciate it.
We've got some very good Space Ghost coming up.
If you haven't already tuned in, you should.
We recently did a Space Ghost with Al Corn, the guy who created Pong.
Very funny if you're a fan of the series.
www.gametap.com if you want to check it out. Thanks again, Rick, for being here.
Really appreciate it.
And I hope to have you on the show again sometime.
Especially when you get that multiplayer. Wink, wink.
Alright.
Alright. That was pretty informative. I like that.
Very cool. Multiplayer. Sounds exciting.
Alright. Well, thank you very much again, Rick, for being here on the program this
week. We really appreciate it and looking forward to those
new things coming on GameTap in the future. Alright,
let's move on and talk about something going on with the traditional console
style game.
Now, you notice in that interview Rick talked a lot about, you know, they try to
make the games perfect and authentic and like the originals.
Well, sometimes the original games are flawed a little bit, aren't they?
Yes, such is the case with Animal Crossing, right, Jamie? Well, there's
actually a teensy little bitty hack that's going out.
Well, it's not really determined if it's a hack or just a glitch.
But basically you'll receive a letter that says YYGH with a return signal or something
to that effect that has a red tulip in it.
Now this red tulip is special because you can plant it anywhere.
And I don't just mean, you know, anywhere you can plant it on pavement, pull it up and
then plant a tree there.
Or you can also plant it in your house.
However, planting it in your house is kind of crappy because once you plant it, the space
goes invisible you cannot put anything there you cannot move it you can't do
anything basically the block of space that takes up is a dead space so
Nintendo has put out something to say about this basically saying that you
know basically just what I said you'll lose that space on your floor it tells
you you know what it does it says basically you don't want to drop the
item in your house or outside your house and if you happen to make sure you do
Do not save your game, reset and face the wrath of Mr. Resetty.
And face the wrath of Mr. Resetty?
I don't know what's worse.
You can do that for 15 minutes.
Well, what it actually ended up being is there was going to be another one of those letters,
remember how they had the coin that came out a while back.
Right, that's what I figured.
It went out unfinished and so when it got sent out, because the letter was from Nintendo
itself and so now this is going out and everyone's like, oh crap.
Someone just got fired.
so I want a special read to about you actually haven't checked my game today
I probably should the special read to let me have
I did not have mine I checked and I went on Wi-Fi and nothing
so it must have been on there for only a very short period of time and
it actually you know to go and say it was actually confirmed via
conversation by calling nintendo's a helpline also
there's another bit of issue going out with Animal Crossing wild world
They're saying there are people who have basically revealed that their games have fallen prey
to hackers who managed to remove the gates of the villages they visit.
Gamers are trapped offline if they've saved after the hack has taken place.
Yeah, I heard about this.
Something like it jinxes your gate into a museum or something.
I don't know, it'll totally make your gate disappear and turn it into something else
so it's gone.
But it's, you know, it's really a crappy thing to happen, you know, to have your game just
messed with like that, I mean, I don't see, it just goes to show that, you know, there's
people who try to, you know, pull crap because they can and without any regard to anybody
but themselves.
Be careful who you give your friend codes out to.
Exactly.
And if we see somebody on the Orange Lounge friend code thread doing this stuff, we will
Publicly embarrass you.
We will send you many red tulips of death, and then some.
And publicly embarrass you.
That's right.
Not in a good way.
Gamers all over the world will know your name.
We're talking Wedgie from the flagpole.
Oh yeah.
All right.
With barbed wire.
Thank you for that lovely warning.
Appreciate it.
Since, you know, since we're such animal crossing whores on this show apparently, I swear, have
we gone one week since the game came out and not talked about it?
In one way or another?
No.
Sad.
Anyway, speaking of the wrath, Rockstar's feeling the wrath once again.
Who from this time, Loki?
This time from the city of L.A., and that's really retarded, but anyway, some L.A. attorney
Rocky Dela...
Some guy named Rocky, okay, with a really hard to pronounce last name.
Not that it really matters because this case is just going to get kicked out anyways, but
He believes that Rockstar is responsible for this, you know, the hot coffee crap that went
on and basically says businesses have the obligation to truthfully disclose the content
of their products whether in the food we eat or in the entertainment we consume.
So basically, you know, he's saying, oh, the poor children have been hurt by the game.
He fails to realize a couple of points here.
First off, the rating system they have on games is in no way set in stone, or even for
the fact that when this whole hot coffee thing took place, it wasn't really actually, you
couldn't get punished for selling this game to a minor.
It was basically in store policy.
There's no penalties whatsoever.
The other thing is, assuming the fact that these parents shouldn't have been buying the
games for their kids because the ratings are 17 and over, hello, I mean I think they should
be able to understand, oh now there's a little bit of sex in here, oh crap, you know.
The other thing also, he's looking for penalties against Take-Two and Rockstar and his request
that the companies fully disclose the content of their games, probably also seeking some
money as well.
You know what else might be fueling this lawsuit?
GamePolitics.com had a very interesting speculation on this.
They ran a story on this earlier this week.
Rocky I'm gonna I'll try the last name okay Loki it's Rocky delgadillo how's
that that's all right sounds like a deal he's actually running for California
Attorney General this year and will be in the June 6th primary hmm so he's
playing a Clinton hmm you know what I hope every I hope that everyone that
runs on the platform of you know video game violence hurting our children fails
and burns in hell that's what I hope right there all right well that's that's
one of those draw your own conclusions and opinions on that political stuff I
don't know you know yeah I feel I don't I just think politicians in general are
misinformed on this whole thing that's kind of my oh really you think that he
doesn't have any idea what's going on at all I'm saying you don't have to be
Democrat Republican libertarian Green Party I don't care who you are I think
I think politicians in general are misinformed on this whole thing.
Or, it may not necessarily be that they are misinformed, but they are spreading the misinformation.
Ah, that's a big part of it too.
Why are politicians jumping on the fact that Weebl's movies suck?
Now granted they advertise them as good movies and they are hiding the fact that the content
of the movie sucks ass and I could possibly waste my time and money on this crap.
Why aren't they going after them?
That's what I want to know.
There was no mention in BloodRayne at all in the beginning of the entire previews, there
was no mention that there was going to be boobies in there, and my god, there were boobies
in there!
I was totally caught off guard!
Well what about the MPAA thing that says rated R for sexuality and all that stuff?
Oh, sexual- what the hell does sexuality mean?
I mean, because that was on Grand Theft Auto, I didn't know they were talking about boobies!
Rated R because she might be a lesbian.
We just don't know.
And violence and stuff, but oh my god, there was boobies in there!
And this is the thing.
Why aren't they going after crappy entertainment?
Because that is more of a threat to society than these games.
To go see Blood Rain or something like that, I don't have to put a special code in for
the crap to pop up on the screen.
It's already there.
It's written in the script.
So what we need to do is we need to go after these people and stop trying to blame everybody
for everything.
Like there was another story earlier this week saying, oh this car crash is caused by
need for speed most wanted because the game has cars in it therefore the game
caused the crash is retarded all right you can send those cards and letters to
Loki care of mailbag at orange lounge radio.com I know we'll be getting lots of
those your rants are so entertaining I just sit back here and laugh and laugh
okay well you know one thing sometimes the folks that get blamed in these
situations of the parents but are every parents these anti or I shouldn't I
shouldn't say anti is every parent a completely misinformed when it comes to
video games you know I'm going to be a parent one day and you know what I'm
going to do I'm going to play video games with my children and I'm going to
encourage them to play games and actually that's not an uncommon point of
There is a study that's out by the Peter D. Hart Research Associates that was released by the ESA that shows that 35% of U.S. parents play games with their children.
80% of the study group actually plays with their children and 47% of them are women. Go gamers!
Interesting for those folks who say, you know, girls don't play games. 47% of mommies.
It's 35% of U.S. parents play, 47% of them are women, and 80% of gaming parents say they
play with their children.
Did you also know 65% of statistics are made up on the spot?
Wow!
But the other interesting thing about this is that they also show with this study that
85% of voting parents, including those who do not play video games, say that parents
should take responsibility for their children's exposure to the games.
The ESA president stated, I'm just going to quote, this research suggests that proposals
to regulate video games may backfire with American voters who, unlike some elected officials,
appear to fully understand that they should control the entertainment that comes into
their homes.
Hallelujah!
You're listening to that?
You listen to that, Rocky?
but there's also some more interesting statistics
average age of gaming parent 37 in a row
average length of gaming parent has been gaming is 13 years
percentage of gaming parents who introduced their children to video games
36 percent
percentage of gaming parents who were introduced to gaming by their children
27 percent. Huh. Interesting.
So, you know, it just points out, you know, we're
This whole crap we're seeing about games
I honestly have a feeling that we're probably gonna see
a dying off because we, our generation, we are the ones who grew up with the video
games, aren't we?
I agree. Not everybody, but you know, a lot.
But most of us. We remember when these were all new and shiny and nothing like this
had ever been seen before.
You know, it's one thing to say the video game boom started
in my lifetime, you know, and
more and more of us are going to be raised gamers. And when they say parents play
video games with their kids, they don't mean like
Grand Theft Auto is what they're playing with their kids. There's plenty of
family-friendly games out there that parents can play with their kids
like the guy game. Like a
you know, like Katamari Damacy, that's good clean rolling over people fun. Tetris
and the Spongebob, the endless barrage of Spongebob games they put out on the
various console Mary Kate and Ashley Shop-a-thon the winks all right ha ha
ha sorry anyway ah very interesting all right
thank you Jamie well let's go back to Jamie because Jamie also wants to tell
us about a conference I don't want to tell you anything so I'm just gonna sit
here and look pretty look it's the radio so you can't get away with that damn it
Okay, well, how about the Game Writers Conference that actually took place in Austin last October?
Will they be actually teaching people how to write for games? Because some of them need some bad help.
Some of them are doing okay, but some of them need some help.
It actually does specifically state here that games were not so much written as put together by the programmers and the artists involved,
But a lot more
Publishers are actually looking to have writing behind the games good solid writing just like you would for a movie, you know
Or it or like a television production. You can't have a story without someone to write it, right?
true true
so, uh
You know, there's also involvement then with this from the Writers Guild of America
that started its new media caucus to bring new writers in.
Let's see, I've got a name on here.
There's the author of three James Bond screenplays that's involved in this.
And he also wrote two of the 007 video games involved in their little project.
There's actually a pretty good quote in here from the guild president.
Patrick Veron is his name.
name. Game players are becoming more sophisticated in terms of their expectations. At the same
time, the publishers are making licensing deals, many of which require quality storytelling
to be built into the games. As you know, storytelling and character development don't just fall
out of the sky. They actually have to be written by creative talent.
What do you think would be the difference between game writing and movie writing?
Not too much, really. Think about this. A lot more games, especially the more cinematic
the game have full storyboards made for them I mean
scripted there you have to have dialogue scripted for any
you know it was one thing back when we were all pixel games you could say sorry
Mario our princess is in another castle
but it's another thing now to have full-blown
conversations between characters full on dialogue you have to have someone sit back
and write
exactly how everything's going to pan out especially
say you have a game where you've got multi directions you have to be able to
write on multiple paths
you know you can't just say oh here's a game
you have to know where you're gonna go there as much of a story as reading a
book
I think that I have decided that that's what I want to do when I grow up
really? Write for games? Well you know I'm actually in school to do a
because part of what I want to do is manuals. So will you write a game and then we can
give it a negative review on the show?
No. Anything that I do is instantly fabulous.
Alright, I'm reading some feedback from the chat room. The chat room is actually still responding to the last story
about the parents in the video games.
Toasty says, his mom played Shenmue.
Remember that one on the Dreamcast? We played the heck out of Shenmue.
Yeah. Let's see, what else is there? Pooface.
Love that nickname. Pooface says, my parents love Guitar Hero.
That's pretty cool. Do they know that you have poo on your face?
That's what I'd be concerned about with your parents.
Or is that just a descriptive name?
And then I think there's a consensus there in the chat room between Deekman and Pope
Panda 21 that Spongebob sucks.
I like Spongebob personally, but not the games.
Not the games.
Cartoon for me.
Not the games.
You know what?
What?
Nothing.
And then they're getting into this whole argument about Democrats versus Republicans
now in the chat room, although I think, didn't we just say a lot of this crap ends up being
bipartisan anyway?
In order to pass, usually it has to have bipartisan support, so whatever.
I don't want to get in those arguments right now.
This misinformation campaigns need to be stopped in general.
I don't care who's put them on the table.
Anyway, of course, then again, it's not like we've never gotten a story wrong here on this
show and had to correct it next week.
We never get anything wrong.
We're fabulous.
We're Orange Lawn Radio.
We try our best.
We issue corrections when we're wrong.
All right.
Anyway, moving on.
Let's keep it political for a minute.
Loki.
Oh, these guys are always controversial in Texas.
What's going on in Texas?
Other than a lot of electrocutions?
Not much.
Anyways, we've got yet another politician running on a stupid platform that has to do
with video games and this one's just completely retarded.
First off, you can visit this guy, Starlock, which is also a really dumb name.
His website, which I'm going to read the motto off the top of the page.
As for me and my house, we serve the Lord.
To give you an idea of what his views are on violent video games and anything else that
might be bad for you.
To start off, his platform is he wants to propose a $10,000 per abortion tax for medical
clinics.
He also wants to eliminate property taxes, of course financing all the other tax revenue
via these.
But the main one, of course, is a 100% tax on any violent video game.
100% tax.
100% tax, so you'd have to pay twice what you're paying on it right now.
So in other words, for Grand Theft Auto, when it was new, I'd be paying like $100 for it.
The other thing, he wants to put out a 50% tax on all sodas that contain glucose and
fructose and sucrose, and also a 50% grease tax on all food prepared by deep frying or
cooking in any form of oil or grease.
There will also be a 75% tax on fun.
This is another guy who probably won't...
I mean, granted, even if you don't agree with the whole video game 100% tax or whatever,
or even if you do agree with that, you're probably not going to agree with half the
other stuff that he has on here, you know, bad food and everything.
Somebody agrees with him.
He's a politician.
Somebody voted for him.
Honestly, this actually isnít the first time Iíve heard about the food specific one and
part of me agrees with it because honestly, I do think that those industries need to be
penalized for basically poisoning our country and I mean this in all seriousness, I think
youíve noticed that obesity is on the rise among Americans, itís epidemic, I mean seriously
itís horrible.
So I actually sort of support that, you know the tax on sugarÖ
but to that extreme. However, keep in mind that the fast food industry also lobbies heavily
and pays the government a lot of money to stay in business.
I wonder what the property taxes on this guy's giant ranch he probably has. Oh, maybe that's
why he wants to remove property tax and tax all these things. He probably doesn't have
anything to do. I mean, who's going to, you know, I really don't get it. I mean, I think
it's stupid. His violent game thing, I think, is going
completely flop because if we want to be completely honest violent game can
include anything from say like Mario Brothers where you bop each other and
monsters on the head to deer hunter and we're talking about Texas and it ain't
gonna fly it comes back to where's the definition of violent game we have these
politicians that are flinging about the term violent video game where's the
definition what is the impartial party that makes a call on what constitutes a
violent video game and what doesn't
it's it's too it's too
gray for me that's what i don't like about these laws that violent video game
is not like the buzzword
and and uh... the political world don't worry though for the uh... determine
whether games are going to be violent or not
he's got that covered he's gonna have a ten person panel that's gonna help but
the team
determine which
games are violent and uh...
the tax itself will be levied against publishers of said games
what okay so a ten person panel who goes on that panel who audits that panel
what if the panel's getting paid off you know
where's the checks and balances here
i don't know it still seems too simple of a solution to a more
complicated problem
i think it's perfect i think that his solutions flawless i mean
i don't see any flaw with you know his theory on being able to you know squeeze
money out of the publishers of course that's gonna fly I'm sure his interests
are really on the good of humanity and not like you know some other third you
know party interest like oil or something like that the greatest
politicians come out of Texas you have to understand that let's see hit stun
once this wants to ask what is it with the rest of the u.s. and its obsession
with done laws and lawsuits hmm fire obama says some politician wanted to do
the junk food tax in New York City and got shot down.
Also in chat, Zander C says, I love Texas, the politics suck, but the residents are actually
really cool.
I agree.
I know some nice, some very wonderful people from Texas.
Ms. Tia is from Texas.
That's right, and the old radio show I used to do, they're in Texas now, so good time.
You know what I think they should do as far as the food, and I've heard the suggestion
brought up they should actually subsidize the cost of fresh produce for
you know low-income families because actually the ones who actually support
the industry most of all and statistically is shown to be people of
low-income families cuz honestly it's cheap food hmm you know and actually if
this is gonna you know what they adhere at McDonald's meet with shy gross
everyone out why not cow eyeballs you it's still beef or beefy all right all
right let's let's move on there I thought you're gonna say tofu I was
really scared yeah let's bring it back to games here for a little bit let's
move on over to what's going on with the e3 Expo and what could possibly be
another politically motivated event I don't know Jamie well you know a lot of
Some of the guys go to E3 for the games, some go for the special presentations, but a good
number of the average goer goes to see scantily clad women.
Guess what?
You lose!
How so?
That is because the video game industry recently got the big ol' kick in the butt from federal
and local politicians who want to limit the sales of violent and sexually explicit games
to minors, therefore there is a new ban.
Coming from the Entertainment Software Association, who is the promoter of E3, says materials
including live models, conduct that is sexually explicit and or sexually provocative, including
but not limited to nudity, partial nudity, and bathing suit bottoms, are prohibited from
the show floor, all common areas, and at any access points to the show.
However, faking orgasms is okay.
Which I will do in public.
Oh, really? Oh, really? I think we just got that on record here.
Stay tuned to E3, Thursday edition.
I was lying.
Jamie will be at Konami Saturday.
There's more!
Yes.
Exhibitors will receive a verbal warning when they violate this rule.
A second violation says they'll impose a $5,000 penalty payable immediately.
This would also require that the models comply with the dress code before returning to the
floor.
And what happens if you're not able to pay the $5,000 fee?
I guess you're out.
I guess they shut you down.
I haven't seen anything specific like that.
What happens if they're not on the floor?
They could be swinging above the floor.
What if they're walking around outside the building?
Floor in general.
As in floor as in defined as the presentation area.
Now if they're in the bathroom, I don't think that's a problem.
Go see the new booth for Rockstar Games in the men's bathroom.
That's fine, they'll just be scantily clad models outside of E3.
Ahh!
Now, I actually read somewhere in some story that was a follow-up to this, it's not really
a new rule, but that they've dug up this rule that was all, they say it was always there,
we're just, you know, we're restating our enforcement policy.
Is that like those laws where it's illegal to tie up an alligator to a parking meter?
It was like really obscene laws. I used to live in Chico, California, and it was really
famous for this law, one of those stupid laws. It's illegal to detonate a nuclear device
within the city limits. Duh!
Oh darn! I had one ready to go!
I mean, come on. So anyway, what do you think? Good thing? Bad thing?
It's hard not to after eating Taco Bell.
we're going to get some hate mail from the fast food industry tonight
anyway um what are you going to try to keep things moving here
good idea bad idea who cares what I I think it's stupid
once again do they actually pay attention to the rules have they read
the rules because
last time I checked you know they're trying not to you know
expose minors to nudity and violence and stuff
um there are no minors that attend E3
It's 18 and over, dumbasses! What the hell? I mean, who cares?
So what? They're partially nude. They're portraying, you know, game people. They get people to the booths.
That's all. I mean, I don't understand what the big deal is.
You know, why are they getting all their panties in a bunch over something stupid like this?
Are they hurting that bad for money?
Well, actually they won't be able to get their panties in a bunch because they can't wear those.
They have to, you know, ask me granny panties but covered.
Fine! I hope they have some really fucking skin tight shit because that's what's gonna happen.
they can be covered but it's gonna be showing everything
so I don't know I think it's really stupid the rule I mean I understand
you know people are always saying oh they're victimized
whatever you know people go for the booth babes no one goes for the booth babes
they go to see the games the booth babes are just an added bonus it's like
it's like getting you know free curly fries with your you know
ultimate cheeseburger you know it's just an added bonus I go to see the
the booth boys. Like the men dressed up in medieval outfits, looking all hardcore.
That's hot. And John Cena. Let's go into some chat room feedback here.
Let's see.
MiniMe283 says, if you want a bunch of scantily clad women, go to the
scantily clad women expo. You want games, go to E3.
My rebuttal is this.
First off, if you got people, what they need to do is cut down the amount of people that go
to E3 and then we'll all have a problem because there'll be less people
there and more time for me to play some actual games.
That actually has been taken care of. From what I understand,
at least as far as my contacts have advised me,
people in retail short of managers
are going to be prohibited from attending E3 without express permission.
Interesting. Yeah, that won't stop G4 from having 400 billion interns there.
Yeah, but they're not doing video games anymore. I mean, haven't you noticed?
Moving on, other feedback from the chat room. Tomo-kun says, uh, where are the booth studs?
Where are the booth studs? Jamie, where were the booth studs at E3?
They were usually in the hallway.
Okay.
Well, we'll see what happens with this as it develops and how folks get
creative at E3 this year. You know what, though? Honestly, I don't think it's
gonna be that much different. You're still gonna see sexy women walking around.
It's just that they
They won't be wearing anything too revealing. You know what I mean?
There's you know, those Hooters outfits are still pretty covering but they show off everything that need to be seen. You know, it's I
Think I don't think much will change. I think I think it's getting blown. I think the reasons though their excuses
Oh, it's because the hot coffee cry everyone's blaming goddamn rock star for everything
It's retarded our booth babes appropriate at a gaming expo. Yes
Yes! They even have booth babes at car shows. They have booth babes probably at computer
shows. I mean, it's just kind of a thing that you do at expos. They have scally-clad women
at anime conventions, so I mean, granted they may not look as nice as these models, but
they do have them, and it's just something that goes with conventions. Big deal. I mean,
I mean it's it's getting you to go visit their booth that is the whole point of it
It's it's you know one step short of you know launching fireworks into the you know show floor
It's pretty much it. You know whether it be you know rappers people yelling scaly-clad women you know for photo ops
That's why they're there
All right, let's keep it moving
Going to a completely different topic here again if you guys want to give some feedback mailbag at orange on trader calm
We'll get into your emails
Sometime in the next hour, but for now we're trying to wrap up this hour
So we're gonna keep it moving and Loki what's going on with Final Fantasy 11?
We I know we talked about the ninja and pirate thing Mikul Tov, but there's there's more
Final Fantasy 11 news coming
Well Final Fantasy 11 is set to debut on the 360 April 18th in North America
Following with a dual release in Japan and Europe only two days later on April 20th
it'll also feature the brand new expansion the treasures of Ot Urgun and
and basically the expansion for the PC will also coincide with the launch
as well. And one thing to mention that
you still require that you have a hard drive
and Xbox Live account for
this and also the game is still going to suck on the 360.
So yeah, if you're really looking forward to an actual RPG for the 360
you may think about picking it up
otherwise if you have one already on the PC you're probably good for that
I heard you can get a moogle rod if you go to that
live event they're doing, I think it's in March or something
in Santa Cruz, aren't they doing that? You can get a moogle rod
it's a little rod with a moogle at the end, looks cute
wow you mean they're not gonna give me a better version of Final Fantasy for the
360 that might actually use the hardware for it or might even be in high def
But it's a moogle rod!
Oh, I'm sorry, that totally makes you up for the crappy game they're giving me for
sixty dollars.
Let's talk about another MMO, shall we?
Let's talk about World of Warcraft. This is huge. This is big news that's been
going around this week, and I'm going to pull this particular
telling of the tale from worldofwar.net is where I'm looking at this,
and it has to do with the GLBT debate going on in World of Warcraft.
GLBT, of course, standing for Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual, Transgender.
What the hell is the debate going on?
What happened is that there was a player, her name is Sarah Andrews, and she was advertising
for a guild, her GLBT friendly guild, which was OZ, and it was the name of the guild,
and it was on one of the servers.
I don't remember the name of the server off the top of my head, but this player was issued
with a warning from Blizzard under the harassment sexual orientation policy.
So in other words, she's out in, you know, the town, as often happens in MMOs, people
are shouting, you know, complete this quest, I want to do this, you know, who's got this
item for me, who can do enchanting?
But she's shouting for her guild, and shouting for guild recruitment is not an uncommon thing,
you see it in most MMOs, right, Final Fantasy XI, whatever, but her thing was that she was
shouting and it said somewhere at the end, you know, GLBT friendly or GLBT okay, something
like that.
from Blizzard saying that that was you know that GLBT they that they don't want
those type of social issues being promoted in the game chat it's not now
they're saying it's not just GLBT but they're saying you know political and
religious would also be on the no-no list for this. Where in the licensing
agreement did it say so? They keep quoting a part of it I don't know but
here's the I don't have the specific on where it's on the agreement but Blizzard
Blizzard actually posted a response in their forums, and I actually saw this post for myself
on one of the chats in the forums there, it came from a Blizzard rep, it said, apologies
for the length of time it took to get this information out to you.
We encourage community building among our players with others of similar interests and
we understand that guilds are one of the primary ways to forge these communities.
However, topics related to sensitive real world subjects, such as religious, sexual,
or political preference, for example, have had a tendency to result in communication
between players that often breaks down into harassment.
To promote a positive game environment for everyone and help prevent such harassment
from taking place as best we can, we prohibit mention of topics related to sensitive real-world
subjects in open chat within the game, and we do our best to take action whenever we
see such topics being broadcast.
This includes openly advertising a guild friendly to players based on a particular political,
sexual or religious preference, to list a few examples.
For guilds that wish to use such topics as part of their recruiting efforts, our Guild
recruitment forum located at our community website serves as one open avenue for doing
so.
We will be clarifying some of the language in our game policies in order to help avoid
such confusion in the future."
So that was the response from Blizzard.
But I don't know, for some folks this isn't good enough and I can kind of see why because,
you know, I don't know how much you guys have played World of Warcraft these online games
and sometimes there's people around the town going, you know, stop being such a fag and
stuff like that.
And it's kind of like, you know...
Where's their warning?
Exactly, where's their warning?
And Blizzard says, you have to warn us about that every time.
And I thought there was a very excellent response.
I was actually looking at the Gamers Experimentations Forum, which is a gamer message forum, and
somebody on there had a response to something like, why are you punishing the people on
this end of this?
I'm not doing a direct quote, I'm doing what I remember here.
Why are you punishing the people that are trying to promote this?
Why aren't you punishing the people?
If you're saying that you're trying to do this because it could constitute harassment,
it may turn into harassment later on, why aren't you doing anything about the harassment?
Why is it that you do it on this end and not on the end when it turns into harassment?
Other thoughts on this?
I have more to add, but I want to see your guys' initial thoughts on this.
Anybody?
Was she a sexy night elf?
I really don't know.
I really don't know if she was a sexy night elf or not.
I'm afraid I can't comment on this dark Sakura you know I actually agree with
what you were saying on that you know I think it's very touchy you know it's not
something that they can penalize one party for and not penalize other parties
addressing in different manners you know I I think that they're they took
something and push it a bit too out you know I don't think she's doing anything
wrong no definitely not definitely not I know it's it's tough it's tough okay I'm
gonna I'm gonna say something I'm gonna clarify something on the podcast which
I don't think I've ever said on the podcast before but I just wanna make
sure this is understood I am a gay gamer so if that's a problem for anybody out
there hello and welcome to 2006 get over it anyway and obviously it's not been an
issue in the past year of podcasts we've done. We've never had an excuse to bring
that subject up before, but now we do. I want to give you my perspective on this
as a gay gamer. When I first read about this story and heard about it, I actually
kind of thought I didn't quite understand the big deal because I'm like
okay I understand Blizzard has this policy where they don't want that kind
of stuff being brought up in game and I can kind of see that. It's that you know
it's a game and they want to keep some of that real-world stuff out of it and
And, okay, that's cool.
But my problem is, is I think Blizzard is kind of half-assed
with their enforcement of it sometimes,
because there are still people in the game that shout,
you know, stop being such a fag,
and Chuck Norris is a fag, and whatever that stuff is,
you know, and don't get me wrong,
I'm okay with the occasional gay joke,
as I think most gay people are.
I'm okay with that kind of stuff.
You know, there's a difference between doing something
in jest, and then doing something with malice.
You know what I mean?
So, anyway, and I think if, you know,
if you're in a guild where people can tease each other,
it's okay. I've been in those types of guilds before. I had one in Final Fantasy XI. It
wasn't a gay guild, so to speak, it was a GLBT friendly guild, because there were lots
of gay guys in it.
And I don't think that's, the way that it sounded like that they were advertising the
guild, it didn't sound that, you know, offensive anyways. It wasn't like saying, yeah, if you
like eating carpet, you know, come on our way, you know. If you like taking up the ass,
we're the guild for you, or something. I mean, it wasn't offensive at all. It's, you know.
Was it was a disclaimer?
to be honest just
She the she did it the right way. She said hey, I've got this guild
It's a great guild and put a disclaimer to clarify. That's how I see it. Okay now
Here and I that's kind of my my thought on it was my initial thought with it
It was kind of like you know what?
I think the big problem here was the way they responded to her if they had just said you know what you know if they
hadn't said oh this is a hurry you violated our harassment policy that was
the problem I think I should have treated it a little differently as one
who has done chat moderating before night right oh I used to be a chat host
for AOL right in the day you are given set macro responses you have to respond
with a macro they are all approved by their legal and whoever the hell they
are, um, clarification can be provided by contacting, at least through AOL, their, uh,
terms of service people, which I would expect this is the same situation because technically
it is chat monitoring, all the shouting and everything, it would be responded to with
some sort of pre-approved macro and they pick the most appropriate one.
Since it specifically relates to that policy, that is the policy quoted.
their macros suck okay but here here it is so I was I was okay with blizzards
response I was still kind of like I wish they would say something a little more
firm about this I wish they'd be consistent but here's now where I have a
problem blizzard says that they want to keep this stuff out of their game right
that's sexual and stuff of this nature has no place in their game right listen
to this this is a clip of what a tauren male might say if you type slash silly
homogenized no way I like the ladies so in the game a torn male might say
homogenized no way I like the ladies now that's the type of joke that usually
would make me laugh but now that I think about it in this context where Blizzard
says we don't this kind of thing has no place in our game I go hello they've
included it hello is this a bit of an inconsistency here's another one listen
to this if you use a torn male once again with slash flirt free rides for
the ladies free rides for the ladies what if I'm on a roleplay server and
what if I'm in a gay guild that was promoted the appropriate way and I want
my character to be a gay character now usually I would not take issue with this
I understand that okay heterosexual is is kind of the majority or whatever and
I can take this stuff in jest you know I'm not I'm not GLAAD okay I don't have
a problem with these sound clips by themselves it's fine they're being
purely hypocritical this dad now that now it's a hypocrisy that's the problem
on top of that for them to even have that in the game and have it that would
have to be approved by
their QA by you know whatever
legal review they have it go through that had to have been approved by
somebody
and then for them to go in and have this
this rule in place this type of standard that they're trying to adhere to
yet have it built into the game itself something completely opposite
so anyway I kinda wanna keep things moving any other feedback
I'm still going to play it. It doesn't bother me in the least.
And you're okay with me saying you're a gay gamer too.
Well, you just have no feeling about this? No reaction?
I think Blizzard's stupid for saying,
oh, we don't want it in our game, and then that clip of the Tauren talking.
Whatever, I'm a troll, I don't even hear that.
I'm just going to keep shooting things with my arrows and sending my scorpion after it.
I play a night elf in an undead, so whatever.
I think now, see, I think a lot of the gay folks and my peers, essentially, were quick
to shun World of Warcraft pretty quickly.
I think Blizzard needs a chance to kind of clarify their policies and whatever, but I
do see there's an inconsistency here that needs to be addressed, and if it's not addressed,
I'm not going to be happy.
Next two patches, I bet you anything, those clips will be changed.
We'll see.
least if Blizzard doesn't want to I'd say lose some of their clientele they
better change it we'll see um if they're gonna get all you know angry about
somebody shouting for that can they please get angry about the Chuck Norris
things because I'm really sick of those and I think that constitutes as
harassment that I have to put it up with that I agree too all right anyway we
got to keep it moving here we're running really long for the first hour we're
We're almost in the first hour and a half here.
Do you guys maybe want to just go ahead
and go to our break now,
and then we'll come back for the next part?
But remember, Chuck Norris doesn't sleep.
He waits.
Oh my God.
All right, we're gonna go ahead and do a break.
When we come back, we're gonna talk about
Konami Gamer's Day.
We're gonna talk about the possibilities
of Microsoft entering the home market, baby.
We'll see, we'll see.
That was going around this week.
The mailbag, the FUs of the week,
the website of the week,
and another MMO called Audition, all when we come back from this break.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcasted to the world twice
a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
