Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition, week of January 2nd, 2006.
You're tuned in to the Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition.
Your podcast host for all the latest video game news and gamer chat.
Now, here are your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky, and Logan.
Happy New Year, everybody! You're tuned in to Orange Lounge Radio,
radio about video games that don't suck.
All the news that you true gamers really want to know about
about because we care and we want to tell you what's going on in the gaming
world even during a slow news week such as this one hope you all had a great new
year hope you all had a safe new year my name is Rob Roberts you might know me as
Sky joining me as always the one and only dark Sakura Jamie Summers the world
couldn't handle more than one of me how are you doing sober yeah we did a little
we were taping right after our live show of course and we did a little bit of
drinking on tonight's live show so Loki and I are a little tipsy but we're safe
about it we you know I live here and Loki brought the fiance to drive so you
know we're just having fun it's alright makes us makes us a little more chatty
on these slow news weeks exactly I'm not throwing up today so that's great that's
that's a good it didn't we do this before I seem to remember we did a
drunken podcast before yes we've done it before where I haven't thrown up it was
that one time that I kind of miscalculated he was sitting on the
floor over there in that corner Loki since I haven't introduced you but
talking anyway there you go yes here i am um 13 shots down drinking my drink of choice which would
be a screwdriver um i'm gonna try to shy away from that next time just because orange juice is so
acidic it kind of upsets my stomach if i drink too much of it but um still fun and stop rambling we
gotta get to the games sorry that's the alcohol talking that's fine we also have to get to a big
announcement if you're listening to live show this week you already know but
we're gonna get to that announcement right after the top of the show we
always want to let you know how our gaming week was because dammit we're
gamers too. DarkSakura. My gaming week has been filled with lots and lots of
Animal Crossing and a little Popolo Cross whenever I could get the PSP away
from Dan however he has actually gone back and gotten rid of some of our games
like Smackdown vs. Raw and his copy of Animal Crossing so for those who had
Dan on their friends list he may as well take them all because he ain't playing
um but he picked up Dead or Alive 4 and the joystick which I haven't used but
I've heard both ways about I hear it's pretty nice but people have their own
preferences um that game though oh my god it I'm gonna quote something from my
husband's live journal which I think is probably one of the most accurate
descriptions of Dead or Alive 4 and this is the quote here it's dead or alive
again with really good backgrounds bad hair and a hundred percent more hard
yeah what they did they've gotten rid of some of the recovery time in that game
and you have to be freaking fast to do your counters it's so much harder and on
top of that you're the boss is like naked liquid Kasumi and it's like she's
you know scary OMG spoiler so that's all right so it's a fighting game a naked
that's all I need to hear but it's it's just she's ridiculously hard
ridiculous that game is just ridiculously hard but the endings are
freaking hilarious so alright Loki what about your gaming week my gaming week
was also filled a lot of Animal Crossing just I don't know the game is easy to
play for like you know 10 minutes or whatever so I've been actually trying to
pay off my house for whatever reason I'm know I'm gonna get tired of this game
much like I did with Nintendo what I like about this game is I don't have to
play it every day I can skip a day and plus the fiance is playing it as well so
now I've got that going for me too I've other than Animal Crossing though I
actually did buy over the break need for speed most wine I got the plate today
That game is pretty sweet for the 360. I'm very impressed on the graphics for it. The storyline they have going along with it is pretty cool. I definitely like what they've done with it. It's very involved. It's very similar to a Fast and the Furious type of storyline.
you know where your car you know basically gets you lose your car in a
match and you have to kind of bring yourself back from nothing to winning
the top of the blacklist basically becoming the most wanted you know driver
out there and it's very very underground in the way they've done it and I like
the way that they've kind of made every all the the kind of color palette that's
in the game, very washed out. It looks very cool. So, highly recommend the game if you're
looking for a good arcade racing game.
I'm kind of curious, how does it compare to Project Gotham 4? Me being as a person who
looks at these and goes, they're both racing games, because I don't play a lot of racing
games, so I just look at these and go, they're both racing games. How do they compare?
Well, let me put it this way. It's Project Gotham Racing 3, um, that was before, I know,
I know what you meant. So, Project Gotham 3 is very similar to, like, Gran Turismo,
Whereas this game is like a Need for Speed Underground type game.
It's very, you know, the physics aren't exactly accurate to the cars or whatever.
But you also have the fact that there's cops chasing after you as well.
So you've got that in there.
That is awesome.
And it is pretty cool.
And I like also you have the nitrous in there and then they added this thing called Speedbreaker
which kind of goes into bullet time where you can do different maneuvers and whatever
you need to do as well, which is a pretty cool thing to add in there.
Overall though, I've played the game not too long.
I played it for about 30 minutes or so today, and I've gotten through kind of the intro
storyline stuff and I've actually gotten into the game.
It's pretty cool so far, and I like the way that they've done, like they have live actors
in the actual game, but they've kind of blurred them out and kind of, you know, desaturated
the actors so it kind of blends in with the background. It's very stylistic but it's a
cool game. So I played that a lot and of course my standard Grand Theft Auto Liberty City
Stories and playing a lot of Grand Theft Auto multiplayer and of course Call of Duty 2 multiplayer
which I love those games and seriously if you haven't picked up Grand Theft Auto Liberty
City Stories I highly recommend it for the PSP. It is definitely one of the games to
have for the PSP, and if not anything, just to play around with the trainer, which I'll
go into later.
Alright.
My Gaming Week, I've also been playing a little bit of Animal Crossing because I took such
a break from it because I was playing Final Fantasy Advance 4.
I also was playing a crapload of H-E-R-O, an old-school Atari 2600 game that I was playing
on GameTap just because I used to play that game all the friggin' time on the Commodore
64.
And although the Atari 2600 version really sucks in comparison, it's still one of the
better Atari 2600 games and highly underrated.
And the fact that I have the second highest score of all time right now on the leaderboards
over there.
Congratulations.
I'm working on number one.
I think it's just because no one plays it because people don't remember that game.
But I'm working on number one.
I want it.
I want it.
It's within reach.
Well, you know with, what is it, the one gaming site that does the rankings and stuff, you
can actually get...
I can't the escapes you right now I can't remember we that we saw them a
classic gaming expo and everything exactly they're doing actually
certificates now for if you have a high scoring you know in there you can send
to them you know send them some money or whatever and they'll send you a
certificate that says you are the second top player in the world galaxies yeah
twin galaxies came to me finally I think the audience at home was right along
It's between galaxies, you idiot!
It's just the alcohol getting in the way.
Alright, uh,
as far as something new
that I haven't played, hey, shush.
As far as something new that I've been playing,
Loki was kind enough to pick me up a copy
of, I had a gamer Christmas, because Dark
Sakura got me a shirt that I actually happen to be wearing tonight
that said, um, you know
you are a Nintendo geek when, and then
all these lists of, like, Nintendo
things, and I can't read them because
I'd make it upside down. Press up, up, down, down, left, right, left,
ride BA start that's one of my favorites but that only works on konami you spent
your summer vacation in Hyrule yep anyway and actually one of my friends
Animal Crossing has a town named Hyrule but anyway yes when Final Fantasy 3 came
out over here I said that I had the flu and stayed out of school for a week to
play it I like tell you I know this is radio but she did the three with quotes
not really three but three does anyway okay as far as new so dark soccer got
me the shirt, but Loki got me a copy of Mario and Luigi Partners in Time for the DS, so
I finally got a chance to check out this game a little bit.
It's pretty cool, it's very, very similar to the Superstar Saga game, at least from
what I've seen so far.
Doesn't add a whole lot of new DS elements as far as the touchscreen goes, at least yet.
I'm assuming that's probably coming up later on, I probably haven't gotten far enough in
the game yet, I'm still only really scratched the surface.
It seems to right now incorporate more the usage of having four buttons, A, B, X, and
Y on the DS as opposed to just A and B on the old Game Boy Advance, which I think is
kind of interesting.
So you know, there's not a lot I can say about it.
If you enjoyed Mario and Luigi Superstar Saga, it's a real true sequel.
It's very similar, the look is the same, they haven't changed what worked in that game.
I think if you're a fan of Super Mario RPG, these games are for you, really.
Even though it's not the exact same because Square's not doing anything with it, honestly,
they're really good.
Exactly.
This is the next best thing.
All these games like Super Mario, Super Star Saga, and Paper Mario, it all seems to be
like a big cock tease to me for a new Super Mario RPG.
Honestly they need to have-
It practically is Super Mario RPG.
You need to have another Super Mario RPG just to come out, because that game was so solid.
It was a really good game overall, even if Square was in it.
It just was an awesome game, and they never really are going to touch that level of gaming
ever again.
Here's the thing though about Partners in Time, and maybe I just haven't played enough
into it yet, so I reserve the right to change my mind later, but I think these games tend
to get overrated a little bit.
I think they get looked at as revolutionary or something because they're not like your typical RPG because you press buttons along with the
Fighting to make it more interactive. It's not just fight monster go
You know type thing that you actually hit the button at the right time, and I don't know though to me. I
Don't think it it seems to get a little repetitive
It's like I'm all I'm still I'm always hitting the button at the same time always doing the dodging the same attack
So it doesn't strike me as like so freaking revolutionary as I think a lot of people tend to label this game. So I don't
Lavish all this best game of the year praise on it, but I think it's good and I recommend the game but I
Think there's better RPGs. But this is it's just it's hard to say so I don't want to get hate mail
because
Well, not that I'm afraid game. I don't care but it's the type of thing where it's you know, I
I like the game, but I just don't think it's
let me... Outstanding, you know what I mean?
There are some that may stand out Nintendo DS games anyways
I mean, and this is a pretty good... If this was a year ago I'd agree with you but now
come on, we got
Mario Kart, Meteos, and where
where the fuck else would you see something like Trauma Center? Well, let me put it this way, this game is good, it's worth
picking up, I mean
Nintendo DS games aren't that expensive, you can spend the thirty dollars it is
gonna be to pick up this game I mean it's worth it the other game that's
gonna be coming up it's gonna be worth picking up is gonna be actually
electroplankton and that's actually only on the internet you're gonna find that
because they're only selling it online probably because they think it's too
of a collective of a game so that one's actually coming out in about a week or
so from now but there's really not too much coming out that isn't a port of
something or isn't I think like a lot of Nintendo DS games that they put out are
just like kind of enhanced versions of a Game Boy Advance game and they aren't
that really enhanced they're just kind of some really stupid game that's just
using the two screens for whatever reason this game is pretty good though I
mean it's just not a Super Mario RPG unfortunately because the game is
awesome.
Alright, let's get into some news this week and talk about what's going on.
I guess we might as well start it off with a story on the Xbox 360.
Loki, tell us what's going on with the Walmart and the kiosks and all this crazy
360 stuff.
Okay, well Walmart for one, they've actually had a sale that was going on for the first
of the year.
They were doing their New Year's Day sale and each Walmart was supposed to be getting
12 360 systems, the premiums of course, to be selling for their sales.
Actually that was kind of like they were pulling the Best Buy basically to be able to get a
lot of systems out there and I guess a lot of people were able to get them.
Unfortunately 12 per store is still pretty low but hey more systems in the US market
that's always a good sign.
That's less of them on eBay for you nasty people that are making profits on eBay.
Exactly.
Seriously though, the whole eBay thing, and I've noticed this on Craigslist because I've
actually been checking just out of curiosity, it has really significantly cut down.
They've been selling them on Craigslist for almost what retail was for them.
Are we at the point now where we could actually walk into stores and find these yet?
No.
what about this whole thing you know there was a story on dig dot com earlier
this week where it's like
uh... search your local best buys for three sixties and i noticed some were
yeah near it but i don't believe it i didn't i wasn't a waste take gas to go
down there
now i do not believe those things are staying there i did i did post that in
my life journal there's a m it's actually some in the area that said they
have them in stock
now personally i don't know if you have to go and ask if they have them because
i did not see them on the show
on the floor
I was looking actually at their games because I had a gift card to Best Buy and I was checking out what they had.
And it looked very picked through. They had a few 2K games and Quake 4 and stuff.
But there was nothing that really, you know, striked me as like, ooh, I gotta have this.
You know, it was very empty.
So, I don't know if they had systems. If they did, they were really hiding them.
They were probably in the back or whatever and you had to ask them,
hey do you have a system you know and they'll give you a you know they'll sell
one to you but
I think you're trying to cut down on some of these internet
you know people selling them on eBay and stuff
I don't know why but it isn't the best
for the gamers. Well I think it makes sense anyway that after Christmas now the demand
for these Xbox 360s on
on eBay and stuff have gone down because now you don't have the
people with money to burn buying them for their screaming kids you know
just like Veruca Salt and their golden ticket you know. Exactly so
So this was kind of a sale thing that they were doing.
They were stockpiling them for the sale.
So I'm assuming probably they're all sold out now.
Now, however, you still want to be checking back
with your game or your not really EV and GameStop
because they're still trying to fill their pre-orders.
But Best Buy, they should be getting some in each week.
Now, they're probably not going to be on the floor.
You're probably going to have to ask
and see if they have them in.
Also I've heard that Sam's Club has a lot of them coming in and Costco, those type of places you want to check and see if they've got them in.
Definitely at this point probably don't pay over retail for them. You can probably find them.
It's just going to be hard right now because they're still trying to get them out in three different markets.
The European, Japanese, and US. And they can only make so many. So it's kind of tough right now.
Well, it's funny you mention Xbox 360 sales in Japan, because I'm actually looking at
an article from Nintendojo, who ran an article on Japan's sales from December 19th to the
25th.
Now, why does Nintendojo running a story on the Xbox?
Well, they're not.
They're actually talking about, hey, the Nintendo DS is the top-selling toy in Japan this week
before Christmas, even though I don't think Christmas is quite the same as it is here.
But nevertheless, the DS sold 597,628 units to be number one for the week.
The PSP, 161,332 units, making it number two, but get this, Xbox 360, the seventh most largest
selling system, is that most large?
Forget it.
5,674.
I would completely understand that, because if you think about it, a lot of the RPGs that
supposed to come out didn't come out. I mean Elder Scrolls for one for the US
didn't come out it's not coming out until I think March now. I mean that's
pretty sad. Granted it is to make the game a lot better because they figured
out how to kind of utilize the the three processors and the kind of work with
their graphics system and stuff to make a better game. So that's kind of cool
that they're working towards you know making a better game but still it would
have been nice to have some better games coming out at launch. Cameo yeah it's a
pretty games kind of an RPG but it's more of a platform game
it's not kinda what you're looking for if you're actually searching for an RPG
when are they getting DOA 4 in Japan because I think this is one to watch
DOA 4 in Japan actually came out about two days before we got it
so they actually had it on December 29th
so it'll be interesting to see if those sales go up
because I know that's a big anticipated title over there
they were still waiting for 99 Nights that was one of the big games that was coming out
Dynasty Warriors type game.
Enchanted Arm was another game that was coming out that was supposed to be pretty big.
They were getting like three or four big large RPGs that were coming out for the 360 in Japan.
Which is sad because I wish we had gotten some of those over here as well.
But anyways, they were supposed to be getting them and they've gotten delayed and pushed
back.
I think it's probably because a lot of these companies out there that haven't had the 360
kits for long enough, and they've realized either A, they've created a game that could
be better, and so they're going back and actually tweaking it to utilize a lot more of the processors
and stuff to be able to make a smoother game, or they've realized that, I don't know, they
can't get it out in time.
So tell us about what's going on with the kiosks now, on a completely different note.
What the hell's going on with the Xbox 360 kiosks?
They got it hacked somehow?
Well, apparently the disks for the kiosks were rushed so badly that they didn't actually
sign them and they weren't encoded.
So you can actually get an image of the kiosk disk and download it on your favorite hacker
or BitTorrent or whatever site.
Not that we endorse that, we're just reporting on what's out there.
But you can download that and actually burn it onto a DVD and run it straight on your
360.
Now that has opened up a lot of things though because first off a few things we've noticed
on the disc.
The Xbox live game they had a demo for Hexic HD.
It's a shockwave file.
It's actually a compact flash type of game that's on there so you can actually run that
internet explorer if you wanted to.
So no wonder these popcap games seem to port over so easy.
Oh yeah exactly because it's just running a shockwave file.
It's really, I don't know, I kind of feel that it's a bit of a rip off if you think
about it.
If you're paying $10 for these games, and they're actually Combat Flash.
But if it's a really good game.
I don't know.
But anyways, this does open up a lot of things because now you can actually develop applications
for it and rename them to these files and run them in there.
So it opens up a huge store for homebrew stuff.
The other thing I was actually looking for.
Oh, I didn't think about that.
That's a great point.
The other thing I was actually looking forward to was the fact that
these demo kiosks, if you've seen them out there, you can actually bring your
Xbox 360 memory unit and download themes.
And these themes actually correspond with the faceplates you can buy for your
360.
The hot rod, flames, wood grain, whatever they have.
Now the thing is, the files in these themes are actually
ping files and you can actually replace them with your own graphics to create custom themes.
Problem is though is we haven't figured out completely 100% on how to define where these
files end or what not and so you can't make your custom themes yet but it's close, they're
going to be coming out with that.
So tell me this real quick and then we'll move on to something else.
Because my mind is still back here on the whole rename the Flash thing.
So possibly if we could get an emulator, and I know they exist already, a NES emulator
in Flash, it could run on this, maybe.
It could actually, and what's happening is they have this file format, it's called XCX,
it's basically a Flash emulator, it's running an older version of Flash, like I think Flash
6.0 or something, and it emulates pretty much everything, so you could in fact create an
emulator for say you know a Nintendo game and rename it and put it on a disk
with just this and this is what's great about this is you can actually create
your own like CD with just these this hexa demo or whatever in it and you can
put your flash stuff on there so you can in effect use this file to create your
own homebrew with using flash programs so you can run flash on the 360.
amazing that all we want to do with these new systems is play the old ones like with
the PSP.
I think the thing that's most interesting about this is that the fact that Microsoft
was touting that their game system was going to be unhackable and yet they make this giant
mistake and release this kiosus that's unsigned and think, oh, it's never going to leak out
into the internet.
Listen, okay, Microsoft, you've got to understand that everything you put out there in the market
is always going to end up on here no matter what you do.
So I think right now it's just kind of a big, you know, haha at them because you've got this
big huge opening, you know, where all this emulation is possible and what they're working
on is actually getting, you know, to run ISO's on it so that you can run the games that they
have ripped off the discs.
Alright, we'll see what happens.
Moving on, speaking of games, we've been talking about a lot of old games, but let's talk about
new games, specifically games that were out this year.
Now last week we talked about a lot of lists going on here from some U.S. gaming sites.
Dark Soccer, what's going on over the U.K.?
We got some U.K. top lists of the year.
I actually, according to Eurogamer, I've got the top five games of 2005, so if you're ready
for the countdown.
All right, let's see how much it differs from the one here.
Number five is God of War.
standard entry, okay. Number four. This is actually one that's been brought to my attention
from one of our other listeners is Darwinia. Oh, interesting. For PC. Okay. It's the game
basically, I love a comment on here, it says Darwinia proves that the little guy can create
something beautiful even if no one is smart enough to actually buy it. Three, Shadow of
the Colossus. Yeah. I don't know, I didn't really buy into the hype on Shadow of the
I thought it was it was it was a pretty game. It was a very boring game
Yeah, I don't know. I didn't I didn't click with me. But anyway, number two Resident Evil 4, of course
Yeah, that just took a lot of the tops. So okay, if that only got number two, then number one is
psychonauts
hmm, I
Have a hard time believing that that's the number one game. It was a pretty average game
Somebody named it the number one game. But of course, I don't know
Especially looking at a lot of the European sites, I see Psychonauts all over the place.
Okay, Psychonauts was a good game, but I think it was maybe a bit underrated, but still average.
It wasn't like, you know, wow, it's completely different.
Because the whole game involved you using psychic powers or whatever to manipulate different things.
It was also done in Advent Rising, which is another game that came out very similar to that.
to that. It's not a very revolutionary game, but a good game overall.
Hmm, alright. I think we might get some letters on that one. Speaking of letters,
you can always email us at togo at orange lounge radio dot com
and Dark Sakura will dig through our mailbag with her
her nails and her claws, no I'm kidding, and she'll dig out the best letters and read them
here on air.
With hot pokers. togo at orange lounge radio dot com is the address to send those
emails to
What are the kids writing in about this week?
Um, actually, uh, Macman has been writing in quite a bit.
Actually I've gotten more from Macman than I have from Rob, I don't think he's written
in at all.
Well maybe he's on vacation for the holidays.
He needs to write!
I keep thinking of Mathman, remember Square One?
Forget it.
Yes.
No.
Nerd plus plus!
Sorry, anyway.
level minus one charisma. Alright, anyway. Plus one INT. Alright, shut up, you better.
I'm just gonna quote, and I actually CC'd you on this email. Hey Loki, of course, whatever
you want to say about Max, go ahead, make my day, of course, you are looking at porn.
One of the few fun things to do on a PC. Zing! Oh snap. Oh darn, like you couldn't do that
on a match. I just don't like Macs because they're cookie cutter PCs as I like to call
them. That's cause you... Nevermind. This debate is so 2005. This is so 2005. Exactly.
Okay. Also, Krispy Kreme, who's one of our newest people on our website. Oh yes, donuts.
cheesecake donuts mmm fattening donut anyway
and said that our mention podcast was so cool that he ran upstairs and told his
parents
I don't know what to think about I'm glad that
parents are involved with what their kids are listening to because
I know this show may not be appropriate for everyone so I just think it's very
cool
and that a he's looking forward to the same game I'm looking forward to
what's that we will oh okay
Oh, I see. You're discussing this, yes. Oh, that game, yes, okay.
Yeah, that special game where you do stuff. Sorry.
We got an... I love this stuff game.
Whatever.
We got an email from Delta One, who's actually a...
I have to say, pretty insightful as far as the... Delta One over to Alpha Four, bruh, bruh, bruh, bruh.
Oh, so we're at the Ferric, though. I couldn't resist.
Suddenly I'm thinking of Star Fox. Star Fox, did I say Star Fox?
You got that from me. Star Fox. The old game Star Fox.
On the way up here, I asked Robin if you wanted anything from Star Fox.
Vodka no J, ladies and gentlemen. Alright, I was thinking Star Fox.
I was thinking Star Fox because I watched some Foamy.
She said Star Fox. Anyway, we're gonna get that explicit tag if you're not careful.
Stop using that f-bomb. Alright. Okay. I said you mentioned briefly in your last podcast that the
The region coding for Japan and the U.S. will be the same with Blu-ray technology.
Do you know if this means imported Japanese games will play on U.S. systems and vice versa,
or does it only apply to movies?
Thanks, and I enjoy the podcast.
Thank you.
Actually, it will mean that both games will play on the same systems.
Unfortunately, they probably won't put English language in there, so you're kind of screwed
in that sense, but yeah, you will be able to.
Couldn't, well, but couldn't they do, because we don't really know what PS3 is all about
yet.
we see some type of Sony-enabled protection?
Or do you think they really care at this point?
I mean, I never understood why they were so protective
over Japanese games should not play in the U.S.,
you know, because it's like, a game sold is a game sold.
Well, I think what they're doing is they're kinda
going along with the same type of format
as they're doing with the PSP, whereas the PSP,
you can pretty much import Japanese stuff
and play it without any protection whatsoever.
I'm not sure about the Europe area.
Actually, Europe and Africa are sharing a region code, so they will not be able to play any of the American or Japanese games.
But that makes sense, because they're TVs, right?
Exactly, they're PAL.
I'm starting to think, though...
But it doesn't matter if you have an HDTV.
Yeah, exactly.
Or a computer monitor.
Not everybody's going to be on HDTV for five years, at least.
Pretty soon, though, I'm thinking that by this next generation of gaming, we are going to start getting into one unified format for the entire world,
world which would be nice because then we'd be able to get the games released at the same
time instead of waiting, I don't know, six months to release Katamari Damacy, you know,
We Love Katamari or whatever.
Yeah, I think it's going to be until we get to like Playstation 4 and that whole gen of
games and whatever else decides to come out around then, until we start seeing the more
like mandatory HD and all that stuff that you guys are talking about, but that's years
and years away.
Assuming there's not another video game crash as some people are predicting.
they're talking about boom in the market so yeah apparently the arcade market's
picked up a bit yeah I don't really I just remember some of the things I've
been hearing you know Sega's getting back into into some of that too
god bless Sega for showing some love to the arcade okay you know what we need is
planet Harrier on something at home thank you I freaking love planet Harrier
any other letters for us this week well I had actually basically replied the
same and got a pretty excited response from that.
Right on.
Also, we have an email from one of our long-term fans, Asian buddy Paul.
Yes sir, how's he doing?
Just to quote this letter, Happy New Year Sky Dark Sakura and Loki.
Just wanted to wish you guys another great year of awesome podcasts and memorable live
shows.
I have good feelings about 2006 for gaming and everything in general.
Oh my gosh, the announcement!
I think this is a quote on here for a PS3 Revolution Year of the Dog, talks are lucky.
I thought that was pretty nice.
It's funny that Paul brought up the podcast in 2006 thing.
Just real quickly want to say there's going to be some big changes coming to the Orange
Launch Radio podcast starting Sunday, January 15th.
that week we will actually be podcasting two shows a week for you guys. We're
gonna be doing two shows a week on the podcast. Both shows will actually be
taped live Sunday nights on our station. We're kind of fusing the two shows we
have together right now. We're gonna fuse those shows together so that you the
listener can actually participate more in our show by calling in, being in our
chat room. It's gonna be awesome. We're gonna have a whole new level of listener
interactivity that's going to go into our podcast.
So you're going to hear a lot of those changes
starting on the 15th, so it's going to be a good time.
So stay tuned for that.
More information available on orangehonseradio.com.
We also did get another email from MacMan
about having trouble using our site
to get into the IRC chat room.
Uh-oh.
Which, you know, is part of, you know,
it goes hand-in-hand with what you're saying
about us having that interactive level with our listeners.
So I'm thinking maybe we should look into
having some sort of Mac-related link off of our website.
Well, hypothetically, I think there's a link on there
that should work with any IRC client,
but here's the quick story, I wanna keep it quick.
Any IRC client, you don't necessarily have to,
he's probably having problems with the Java chat room,
but if you have any IRC,
if you have any, well, I know Java would work on any system,
but okay, well, with any IRC client, hypothetically,
you should be able to connect to any other side IRC
is the network, other side IRC, and our chat room is
pound orange lounge.
But I warn you guys, outside of our live shows,
Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday nights,
it's not too active.
It's kind of on the dead side.
But once in a while, we do have our regulars
who keep an eye on things and who are policing things
that'll talk to you if they're there.
It is more active, though, in our forums.
That's true.
The forums are on our radio.
Also, if you sort of want to get an idea of what things are
like in our chat room, if you go onto our forums
and look at the quote thread under a random chatter, get an idea.
Such randomness.
Oh yes.
Alright, anything else in our mailbox?
Nope.
Then we need to get some more emails.
togoatorangelandtrader.com is the place to send them.
Write them on a lovely stationery so that, you know, we have something pretty to look
at.
Alright.
Anyway, let's go on over to Loki, who has yet another Xbox story, but this is an update
to something we talked about last week with the diamond cards.
Yes, the whole thing with diamond cards. I'm not sure if it's just an oversight on the whole site whether they I
don't know forgot something but apparently if you actually
try to put in a
Gamer tag that's already been used like for example
You'll get a message that says if you believe someone else has registered with your gamertag
Please send an email to support at xboxdiamond.com
The only problem is that it's actually
It's actually xboxdiamondcard.com not xboxdiamond.
Xbox Diamond is owned by another cyber squatter.
Uh oh.
So if you send an email there, you're going to be sending all your personal information to God knows who.
Yikes.
So you got to watch out for that kind of stuff.
Apparently the domain has been changing hands on eBay.
You know, because I guess they figured out the Diamond Card thing was going to be coming out.
out I don't know it's just basically watch where you're sending your stuff to
definitely check the URLs if it's not something that you know is part of the
site I probably don't send an email to it all right more news going on of one
one other quick Xbox 360 related story I guess it's a little bit redundant because
we talked about this game a lot but I just want to confirm for you guys dead
or alive 4 did come out December 29th is when it shipped hitting the streets
December 30th.
Loki, what the hell happened?
Why didn't it come out January 2nd?
How did they make it out early?
Well, the whole thing was is actually they, I guess they pushed ahead their shipment.
They kind of were overestimating when they were going to have the game out and they were
able to finish it before that and so they were releasing before that.
They're basically, all they were doing is really tweaking online stuff and once that
was all done, they pressed it and it went gold and got it out a couple days beforehand.
I mean, they only really did get it out one day before because, you know, if they had
deleted one day it would have come out on the second, you know, holidays.
It's good for everybody else.
Good luck finding it though because it is one of the most anticipated games, you know,
for the 360.
It's really good.
I mean, one of the only fighting games out there for the 360, so good luck.
Speaking of most anticipated games, we were talking last week about our favorite games
of 2005 and now this week I'd like to ask you guys what is your most
anticipated game of 2006? What game are you looking forward to
and why? Loki, start us off.
There is so much good stuff. You gotta pick one. Personally my favorite so far
and this is going to be the first one that's going to be coming out is Full Auto.
That is my game that's going to be the one that replaces
you know, burnout revenge for the ultimate in racing and combat type games.
What I'm hoping that they do is actually really see Twisted Metal
4 or 5 or whatever for the
PS3 because this is probably going to be the next game that's going to top that.
I would say my most anticipated game would probably be Final Fantasy 12
assuming we're actually going to get it this year, which I think we will. I think we
will late in the year.
I'm just the demo is so sweet and it's it's I'm sorry
It's a Final Fantasy fanboy and me deal with it Dark Sakura your most anticipated game of 2006 Kingdom Hearts 2. Oh
Of course
It's it's so tough because this is a really good gaming year honestly
It's all about the Steamboat Willie level and Tron light cycles. Hello. What do you think about what you've seen of the Japanese version?
We see more and more of it hitting the internet. I've seen quite a bit
there's a I still wouldn't want Aerith to die again but having a having a the
more more cloud is always nice and he's actually it's actually I don't know if
you noticed his outfit mm-hmm it's actually I've met children cloud oh very
cool see this is why I want a new Super Mario RPG because they've done it so
well with Disney and Square, why the hell can't they do it with Square and Nintendo?
They've done it so well, they've really refined the whole RPG thing.
It's P. Diddy said it best, it's all about the Benjamins.
I'd pay for that game that we made, seriously.
Another hypothetical question, here we go, because this was a story I found on one of
those portal sites, I want to say it was Dig or something, but this comes from Retro Gaming
with Racket Boy, it's the list of ten games that actually need a sequel. I want to see
if you guys think there's anything missing from this list. Knights and Dreams, they say,
needs a sequel. Definitely. Beyond Good and Evil. I'm not sure about that game. Guardian
Hero, it was kind of under the radar, it came out in 2004. It's, oh well, forget it. You
said Guardian Heroes, so I'm all about that. Now Guardian Heroes on the Saturn. Guardian
Heroes is freaking sexy and I have that game actually actually you know what
what if I am correct I think it already did get a sequel in Japan some of these
technically had sequels like another one on this list here is Chrono Trigger yeah
they say that this the sequel wasn't really the game you know what I mean it
was I know but across was a true sequel they this for the purpose of this
article they're calling it a spin-off I know but I know it's it's a gray area
It's a great area. Anyway, um, let's see. So Kid Icarus. That's a popular choice. Definitely. Absolutely. That's a no-brainer
Comics zone
No, no, that's that's that mandatory WTF pic Skies of Arcadia
Maybe sonic CD
No, yes. Oh my god. I agree with the Japanese music
Grim Fandango which is another one of those
I never really played it but here's one I agree with this
American McGee's Alice. Remember that?
Tomb Raider on crack. Now listen now American McGee is doing Bad Day L.A.
and that game is fucking sexy. Alright
what's not on this list that should be? Dark Sakura.
You know what I'm gonna say. I know you're gonna take mine but that's alright we both have the same
one here so Dark Sakura and I share
a guardian legend guardian legend best 8-bit game that actually I got ignored
in something else
what we need more games in the fantasy zone series okay
there you go yes I'll do it well there was fancies on me well anyway I have
every version a fantasy season wasn't released from how about a new Alex Kidd
but I don't know Alex Kidd shinobi world was sorta the top for me
anyway low-key what do you think I've only got two all right says I'm by our
commando for one
Oh, good choice. Because that's really awesome and I would like to see another game in the
Mega Man Legends series
because I really like those games and I think they're pretty solid
RPGs for the Mega Man series. Good choices all around, good stuff.
If only somebody was actually listening to us this would be a great
gaming game. Yeah, too bad
no one important. That's right. Something important that you
should listen to every week
because it betters your life is Dark Sakura's advice column.
so Dark Sakura she is here every week to tell you guys a little piece of advice
because you know if we just sat around and played video games all day long we
would have no time to come up with new lists exactly all right here is Dark
Sakura with her advice column and Dark Sakura what are you gonna tell all the
kids out there on Orange Lawns Radio Land about this week um today's piece
of advice is something very important in the post-holiday time. How to untangle Christmas
tree lights. Number 1. Unplug all connected strands. Unplug all strands so your tangle
is one containing several knotted sections, not one long knotted strand. The shorter the
strands the less complex the knots. 2. Find a free end. 3. Loosen all the knots. When
the knots. When the knots are all loose, create a hole through the
tangle where free ends lose the mass. Four, roll or wind the free end through
each knot in the tangle. Treat the strands gently to avoid breaking the
bolts. Five, untie each successive knot. Keep the free end rolled to make it
easier to work with and reduce the amount of cord to pull through. Six, keep
the free end under control. Never pull on the free end. Pulling will tighten the
tangle. The knot free section should continue to get longer. Seven, repeat as
necessary but my final piece of advice use candles what other than you celebrate
Hanukkah I don't know but no my final piece of advice is just don't let him
get tangled in the first place it's not that hard stop being lazy that's my
foul piece of advice stop being lazy rumors abound that the new world of
Warcraft race has been revealed by the February issue of computer gaming
saying that the new race will be the, and forgive me if I pronounce this wrong,
Draeneye, D-R-A-E-N-E-I, I've been three weeks without World of Warcraft and I've
been drinking tonight, so forgive me, Draeneye, or something like that, Draeneye?
I don't think that's exactly how it's pronounced, but anyways, I don't get it.
I get you, okay, it's basically this. You guys, you've seen, I'm sure you've seen this on
most of the gaming websites out there anyway, we're just kind of beating a
dead horse here but what do we think? Is this actually legit or what? Well first off let
me add that computer gaming magazine has come out and said that this source is not official
but it is basically a highly rumored source that this is what the next alliance race is
going to be. Also I'd like to add my coworker who is a huge World of Warcraft fan who says
that a lot of the storylines point that this is going to be the next likely race that's
going to be for the Alliance, just because they're trying to balance the Alliance and
Horde races.
Yeah, the Alliance needs some ugly people, essentially.
Exactly, exactly.
I haven't seen these characters, they're pretty ugly.
DarkSakura, any thoughts on that?
I haven't played any World of Warcraft in months, and I still need to renew my account.
I wish the Pandaren rumors were more true.
Unfortunately, the Chinese are a bitter race.
I'm just gonna wait and see. I'm gonna be renewing my World of Warcraft since I can
actually play for a couple weeks before school starts, so who knows.
Alright, moving on. We're gonna do another story here, and DarkSakura
is going to tell us about European release dates. What's coming up in the UK?
Hey, guess what? We have some!
A few of them, and they're all the same game.
Not really.
Coming up January 13th, we have
Enlarge the Settlers, Heritage of Kings, Legends for PC by Ubisoft.
Then, three games that are all the same for Xbox, PC, PS2, Rugby Challenge 2006,
because it's all about men getting each other bloody.
Unfortunately, I don't think that game's going to have any blood so...darn.
31st, Top Spin for Game Boy Advance.
Other games that are undated, we have Dragon Ball Z's Supersonic Warriors 2,
Sega Classics collection which is actually a pretty good collection Space
Invaders evolution and drumroll we love Katamari about time you guys seriously
the u.s. isn't getting too much as far as January releases the big ones being 25
to life which I believe is coming out the third week in January as well as MVP
oh six NCAA baseball college baseball those are the two big games for the
Month. Painkiller Hell Wars is still to be announced because it's been shifting
hands from Atari to 2k games and a lot more stuff to come in February including
my favorite Full Auto.
Alright. UK and US release dates for your gaming pleasure. Alright we're winding
down here but first off Loki what's this about some cheat thing if it's a cheat I
know you found it what the hell's going on here with Liberty City Stories?
Liberty City Stories, they have this nice cheat program, it's actually a modified save
game that you use as a trainer, and you actually have a bunch of different cheats you can toggle
on and off.
This right here is basically what I play when I'm sitting at home.
You can actually, some of the cheats that they've created so far, unlimited health,
heavy motorcycles, which is my favorite, basically you can crash through anything if you're on
a motorcycle.
Basically what the main part of this is that they've actually been able to launch their
own homebrew kind of code on this game saves which is important because if you're able
to launch it on game saves you're able to launch this on 2.6, 2.5, 2.01, all these different
things and that kind of opens a huge door to homebrew stuff.
But if you haven't gotten it already, if you already have Grand Theft Auto Liberty Cities
Stories, I highly recommend that you download this cheat program for Liberty Cities, it's
It's just a save file, you load it up.
It's a lot of fun to play with.
Alright, sounds good.
Anything else you got for us tonight, Loki?
The other thing I have tonight is actually kind of a rumor.
It's basically this thing that Nintendo's kind of trademarked.
It's called Nintendo Floor Vision.
And a lot of people are kind of wondering what the hell is Nintendo Floor Vision.
And obviously the first thing that comes to mind is, hmm, maybe it's something that has
to do with the revolution.
Maybe it's something has to do the revolution being I don't know stereoscopic 3d
One of the things that they think on joystick.com is that it's actually kind of something that we saw like e3
One of those kind of LCD panels where you can step on it and interact with you as you're stepping on different panels
I'm not sure if this is actually something that's going to be happening
But so what like the next next generation of DDR where the arrows move around the pad
Something like that, but that's what they're thinking.
I'm thinking it has something to do with the whole Revolution thing.
Honestly, we're not going to know until E3.
I seriously think, though, they're going to surprise us with what this other secret about the Revolution is.
I'm very, very excited about it.
Well, from the Revolution finally tonight to something very, very old school,
Um, rumors abound out there that, uh, there is a Pong movie in development for a late
2006 theater release, um, supposedly being directed by Paul W.S. Anderson, I, it is supposedly
written by Steven E. D'Souza, who's writing Tomb Raider, who, I'm sorry, who wrote, uh,
Bullshit!
Laura Krip, Tomb Raider.
I, huge grain of salt with this one, kids.
I think there's just a little too convenient that it's directed and written by folks who
are doing a lot of other video game movies and late 2006 release, you'd have to be jamming
on that movie to make it out late 2006 at this point.
I'll tell you what, if you believe in the Pong movie, I've got some igloos to sell you.
We could be surprised wrong, but I just, huge grain of salt with this.
I'm not exactly going to comment on whether this is a good or bad thing because I don't
think it's really put it this way I'd be I'd be able to believe it a little bit
more if it had we bowl attached to it but since it doesn't I'm gonna have the
call that this is really stupid and a dumb attempt to make a joke about him
now comes out you're gonna look like an ass exactly however though I do have to
say though since they did announce that pac-man the movie is actually gonna
happen you know I'm about to believe anything right about that man the
cartoon it makes sense to me
all right why the fuck do they need pac-man the movie
I said we had pac-man fever the song we've had it all listen they said that
they might not even be a CG movie it might be live-action
that would be stupid exactly stupid
listen people honestly you're worried about you're wondering why
people are not going to see you know it'll be like puppets like team america
world please
with forget it it's gonna be stupid no matter what you do this
I'd say we're gonna wrap it up here with our final thoughts Loki
my final thought is I have 13 shots in me and I'm doing good
my final thought is I'm I'm I'm
feeling much better and I think I'm gonna get a little bit of food now
dark soccer your final thought
as usual reject false icons and stop watching TV
oh and I have one more thing to add Xbox Live if you do have an Xbox 360 a lot of cool
demos that they've added lately
Condemned and Quake 4, definitely check those out.
It's a really good thing to be able to check these games out before you actually buy them.
Okie, show's over. Sorry, alright. Have a good one!
We'll see you next week here on Orange Lounge Radio, the last week of our regular,
or I guess I should say, OLD podcast, and then we're going into the
twice a week starting January 15th, so check that out.
We'll see you next time on Orange Lounge Radio 2 Go.
That's the end of another Orange Lounge Radio 2 Go edition.
This podcast is a proud part of www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next update!
