Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to the podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
And now, the conclusion of episode 170 for January 15th, 2006.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio. Thank you for joining us here on the second half of our show.
And, of course, we had a pretty exciting first half there.
first half there we talked to freeze pop we were doing a list there the top 100
games some list there in the UK now we're gonna get to a story I know a lot
of you guys are very eager to hear about because we have a lot of listeners that
have stuck with us through the music gaming focus mm-hmm I thought we were
talking about Oregon Trail the MMO no that was that was last month so that
that jokes getting smoldy there just kidding I know we're gonna talk about
DDR supernova dance dance revolution supernova love it or hate it because I
I know we have both types of people listening to the podcast, Dance Dance Revolution is
making a comeback and it's called Dance Dance Revolution Supernova.
It was announced on ddrfreak.com this week.
Bets and Enterprises is distributing it, although it's assumed that Konami is actually making
the game.
We don't know a lot outside of that, except for a logo that was also posted on ddrfreak
in the forums, the little red and black looking logo.
Should be very interesting.
I should also point out, most of the previous arcade versions of DDR that you've played
were actually quote-unquote illegal machines from Japan.
And DDR shouldn't be confused with the other arcade dancing game, In the Groove, that's
a whole other story.
But we haven't had a US release in the arcades of a DDR game since DDR USA Mix, which was
like, I want to say 98, 99, it was a long time ago.
So this one is being made in the US, it's not being made for Japanese release, or we
don't really know the full specifics on that, but we do know it's definitely coming out
for USA.
What do you guys think as long-time DDR fans, because I know y'all are, because Orange
Honors Radio started as kind of a music game station, what do you think?
Loki, is this something you're excited about?
It took them a long time to start over, I guess, but it should be interesting, might
get me back in the plane again, I just have to see how it is, because it could suck.
That's the whole thing.
gotta be they've got a second chance to do something right and they better not
screw it up dark Sakura my sentiments exactly except I've just been sort of
like Oh DDR is it too late to save you to bring you back into the DRL no when
it's out I'll be excited but right now because I don't know anything about it
and I just like I'm hoping it's not too little too late it's got to be something
impressive for me to be really excited about it honestly I'm I'm having good
good feelings about this I think they're gonna do a good job the whole mix is
recently been pretty good there's been lots of improvements but I think Konami
is kind of in tune with their fan base to an extent it depends which game we're
talking about but I'm hopeful I'm hopeful that they'll come out with a
large catalog of stuff I'm assuming they're gonna port stuff over from the
home mixes and mix it with some new stuff so I think it'll be a fun arcade
I'm just looking forward to getting back and going to the arcade in groups the
one thing the one thing I'm really hoping to get out of this is more
diversity in the music that'll be cool more diversity not just the same oh it's
dancy but I think the u.s. mixes have done it especially like Ultramix 3 yeah
that is that's a step in the right direction I think so but I don't know I
try and this is just how I am anyway I tried to reserve judgment till I
actually see it right all right mikle tots here by the way I know he hasn't
said anything yet probably because he can't because he's afraid he actually
works at Konami but obviously can't say a word about this or no no no not really
but I can say that it sounds pretty awesome from the stuff I do know so
thumbs up all right out for it and you know what the best part is though what
that it's being distributed by bets in that means like Dave and Buster's can
get it so you've got pump zero coming out really soon and then such and such
time for supernova and when they're both there you know what that means no lines
on pump zero for me is that a conflict of interest the fact that you like pump
it up so much yet no everybody knows I like pump it up more than life so all
right pump it up of course for those that know is the Korean dance game that
has five arrows instead of four it's the one that nobody cares about anymore
because all the in the groove people and all the DDR people fight so pump it up
people just kind of sit back and watch and play their game. I like it but I'm
not any good at it. You don't have to be good you just have to enjoy it. That's how
all dancing games go. It's actually easier I think to be freestyling on. Oh yeah it
feels more natural when you move. But hey, what about that DDR huh? Yeah. Yay Paul! Oh all right
we're gonna go. Wait wait for our little flag. I'm sure some of the listeners want to comment on this but we
We want to allow our listeners to comment on not just this, but anything we've essentially
talked about through the last show here.
We are opening up the Skype line for the first time on our podcast.
You can either go to OrangeLoungeRadio.com and click on interact with us or you can actually
give us a call as well, 916-226-9067.
But please be aware that could be a toll call depending on where you're at.
So ask mommy and daddy before you do that.
All right, let's go to the phones.
Who's going to be our very first caller?
I don't know.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Are you there? Yes. Yes, who is this? This is Zander from Florida. Hi Zander from Florida. What's your mind?
Am I the first? He's breaking up a little bit there. Am I the first call? Yes, you are the first call
But you're breaking up pretty bad there. What's on your mind?
Gosh I'm sorry about the breaking up thing. That's right. Breaking up is hard to do
Yeah, I wanted to talk about the DDR thing, of course.
Alright, what's on your mind about the DDR thing?
Here's what I think.
If it's going to work, in some way they're going to have to cater to the in-the-group audience.
Like it or not, there are going to be a lot of very upset people if in-the-group dies,
and this game doesn't have at least 11s, if not 12s.
So, as an In The Groove fan, which I know in previous calls to this show you've said
that you are, what are you looking for Konami to do to please the In The Groove fan base?
Are you saying more difficult 11s and 12sies or what?
More 9s and more 10s and maybe add 11s, possibly 12s, but I don't think they'd do that.
I mean, I'd be kind of shocked if they add 12s.
So is it just a difficulty thing for you or is there more to it?
mostly it's why I quit DDR is this got boring you know can I feel that sure
okay um I don't see why Konami has to cater to the in the groove audience they
left them they abandoned them we don't want the back like you know go play your
game that has music that sounds the same through every song and that has steps
that are ridiculously hard. If that's what you find fun, go play in the groove. If you
want music that sounds pretty decent and you know, might not be super hard for you, go
play DDR. Listen, I'm going to come back here shockingly on the middle ground here. Now,
shhh, quiet. Anyways, what I was basically going to say is Konami, what they want to
do with especially a lot of these music games, they want to cater to everybody obviously.
So that means, not too easy, not too hard type of stuff.
Remember folks, there's always edit steps.
Always have your edits that you can put on the machines, or you can make yourself.
That could be any size difficulty.
Yeah, but how many people actually do that?
Not enough.
I used to when we had a fourth mix, because god knows some of those songs were just craptastic.
Remember the old hell edits?
Yeah, those ones are fun.
I mean, all jump rock beat.
That was so much fun.
Don't know if I don't know that I need them
I used to make these insanely hard edits and then would challenge people and if they could beat them with a decent squad by
Them dinner. Oh, that's pretty cool. All right. I want to keep it moving tonight with the calls
But I definitely want to give Xander a chance to say his piece. So Xander
well
Okay, I think they do indicated
Because I don't know just gonna be a lot of varying people they kill a groove with stupid
I mean it really if they're gonna have a monopoly on the dance games then they
need to cater to everybody not just mr. there that can't on one footers they
are catering to everybody all difficulty levels it's the vocal
minority that wants the tens and elevens you know you can have a couple of those
or whatever if there are tens and elevens but you gotta remember a lot of
people like sixes and sevens all right he was he was breaking up a little bit
there. Zander, I gotta keep moving here but I do I do wanna kinda reiterate your
point is I think I understand what you're saying is that
he's saying is that you know if Konami is going to effectively block
in the groove from coming out which is what it is
assumably intended with this lawsuit then shouldn't they
if they're gonna stomp out in the groove so to speak no pun intended
shouldn't they make
put in the elements that make in the groove so loved in their game
I don't that that's that's what I'm hearing here elements in the group so
So they got to steal someone else's intellectual copy.
Oh, stop it.
Stop it.
All right.
Xander, I want to give you a chance, though, for final words here.
Um, that's about it.
All right.
Thanks for your call, Xander.
Appreciate it.
There's actually one thing that did occur to me, though, that would completely eliminate
this whole 10, 11 crap.
Start grading it like they do Guitar Freaks.
With the numbers, like, going up to 100 and stuff like that?
Yeah.
Yeah.
That would be pretty cool, actually.
So that you have more of a broad scale to judge the difficulty by.
But then it brings up the point, like with Neon FM, when it was coming out, you've got
a 55 and a 56, what's the difference between those two numbers?
Maybe you have like a trill somewhere in the middle of the song.
That would be interesting though if Konami said, you know what, screw this whole 10,
11, 12 business, we'll just do a whole new rating system and F this foot thing.
I guess we'll see pretty soon.
Though they did try that once with the gauges, but the gauges were retarded.
I think this whole scale needs to be implemented.
Just a reminder for our callers on Skype, always give Echo123 a call first, and I know,
you know, because he's been on the show before and it sounded just fine, but remember that
you want to call Echo123 and test your connection, just to make sure, or just pick up the phone
and call us.
So let's go to another call, and we'll go over here.
Hello, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hi.
Hi, who's this?
This is Tony from Washington.
Hello, Tony from Washington, what's on your mind?
I wanted to give my opinion of a new DS game.
oh sure sure what's up called trace memory in the US or another code in the
UK it's a great game what do you think what do you think about trace memory it
is interesting what is the what is the point a trace memory because I haven't
really played this game a whole lot so what exactly do you do in trace memory
basically you're this girl who on the day before her 14th birthday finds out
Finds out that her dad is alive.
Finds out that her dad is alive.
My friends you're breaking up here a little bit so it's really hard to understand you
here but I'm going to throw it back to the studio and talk a little bit here about trace
memory and appreciate you bringing it up here.
So what do you guys think about trace memory?
I haven't really played it.
I did a review on that one about three months ago.
Yeah?
I don't remember.
It was the one that had puzzle elements where you walk up through a village, up through
a house and try to put the whole thing together.
And I was really, really interested in it.
I haven't picked it up yet, just my schedule is not allowed for it.
But it was one that I was actually really interested in playing and I've heard nothing
but good about it.
I did play all the way through it.
The only problem with it was that it was really short.
I felt there was really nothing that would bring me back to it once I beat it.
They did have a lot of really cool things with the DS, like opening the DS part way
so you could see the reflection off both screens to solve a puzzle.
That was cool.
But, I don't know, it was a pretty good game.
I wish it was at least four hours longer though.
Alright, let's go ahead and go back to the Skype line.
Again, you can give us a call over the phone as well, 916-226-9067, or you can call us
on username OrangeLaunchRadio on Skype.
Let's go to the phones.
Hello, you're on OrangeLaunchRadio.
radio. Hi Sephiroth1215 here. Hi Sephiroth1215 what's on your mind?
A bunch of things first of all about the new DDR coming out I mean I was really
excited when I first heard it I mean I you know how to make sure like alright
how close are we to April Fools because that's happened before anyway. That was
the resounding reaction of DDR Freak and I'm like come on people they're not that
cruel over there especially about something like this this is something
you don't joke about? Well we are that cruel but we don't joke about that. As we
remember the big everybody is now an admin thing that went on. Otherwise I've
been curious about this I mean I'm sure it's gonna be a big step but um it could
also be bad we never know it could be just another bad mix but I'm kind of
hoping not that anyway but it's it's really hard to judge the game until we
see at least like a screenshot or know something else about it so everything
you hear is all assumptions at this point everything they could change the
foundation of the game for all we know now here's my only concern is remember
the last arcade game to come out and you know this is not one that's really
talked about a lot but dancing stage fusion in the UK another arcade release
that was supposed to be oh it's on brand new hardware it was just a port of the
game to the arcade it was like crap this will not be the case for this game from
what I know which you know I can't say what I do know but it's it you shouldn't
worry that much at this point all right fair enough all right anything else you
want to share with us to broth oh yeah this I mean obviously there's gonna be a
lot of controversy or maybe a little war between the in the group now in DDR
But whatever I don't really care. I mean, I'm still gonna play both of them
but
I've been wondering about the memory card slots or whatever they're gonna do for that
Because I'm thinking like if they use ps2 memory cards and they have to license to use them or to use magic gate
So I'm not sure about that
They could steal the idea from in the groove and use the USB thing because you can put a USB thing in your PlayStation
right yeah this yeah you could maybe I don't know oh no it would work all right
well separate we got to keep it moving here so I'm gonna let you go buddy but
thanks for calling in we appreciate it all right yeah okay have a good one I
would do one more call here on skype line tonight and then we're gonna say
we're done so let's go to one more call let's try one another one over the phone
hi you're on orange launch radio oh my god oh my god oh my god who's this this
This is, uh, Tomo Koon.
Oh, hey!
Hey, it's my family!
What's up, Tomo Koon? What's on your mind?
Wait, I don't believe this idea.
I was actually just going to say something about that Xbox 360 thing and the DirecTV thing.
Yeah, what, you actually messaged me something in the chatroom about the whole DirecTV Xbox 360 thing.
What's going on with this?
I think it's a joke, personally, because this is not just Xbox 360, they're going to make it a Windows Media Extender.
And also, what I don't like is that during this they dropped the TiVo line, so everyone, including me and I have one of these, has to have the R15.
which is also just a piece of crap, which was supposed to promise network connectivity,
but the network connectivity is not only going to work with Windows,
they're not going to bother with their own software,
so me as a Mac user is left out.
Very interesting point, you're right there.
How far is Microsoft going to go to support the whole Mac thing?
but okay interesting well I what yeah and game console it doesn't have to be
your whole media center it really sounds like we're slipping into the realm of
video game corporate politics you know more of another tool to put one under
the other you know that's what it sounds like to me well I and it's interesting
because Tomokun saying you know why not just stick with the games which what you
know and why get into all this other stuff you know with the media center but
I think that's kind of where the next generation of gaming is really going
especially as you know games get more and more realistic and the internet it's
it's becoming you know one one big centerpiece in your living room so to
speak I do have to say that Dan sits for like an hour pulling my mp3s off my
computer through the Xbox just listening to stuff in the living room when I'm in
the other room all I can say is thank goodness for Nintendo keeping us with
just games and not all this extra crap amen so far all right Tomokun oh yeah
what I was gonna say anything else you want to share with us yeah I just was
gonna say I don't think that's gonna be executed well enough because if anyone's
to use one of the new boxes like me it's it's horrible to use it'll probably kill your xbox
well we'll see we'll see all right well thanks so much for calling in tomocoon appreciate it
thanks have a good one it was some of those xboxes you can sneeze on them it'll kill them
yeah it's kind of a bsod all right well thank you guys for calling in we'll open up the
skype line a little later if we have some more time but i don't know because we're kind of
kind of running over tonight, we'll see. For now though, let's talk about Xbox 360.
Loki, one of the surprise hits of Xbox 360 is not something that's on store shelves,
it's Geometry Wars.
Yep, Geometry Wars Retro Evolved has actually been downloaded, at least the trial has been
downloaded over 200,000 times and they've sold 45,000 copies of the game, which is pretty
unheard of for an Xbox Live arcade game.
What's really cool though is this is starting kind of a new trend of games that are being
developed in between $10,000 and $100,000 and are doing really well.
Kind of reiterates the point that it's not just graphics, it is actually gameplay that
makes a good game.
Somebody asked me not that long ago, why is it that you're so desperate to get your hands
on Xbox 360, I'm like Geometry Wars and Smash TV co-op. It's cool! It's really a good thing
that they're doing. A lot more stuff. I know that one of the other titles that they're
talking about coming to Xbox Live's arcade is like Worms, the classic Worms, and they're
going to have Street Fighter 2 of course. So lots of stuff coming to it. Of course that
that means the prices are going to be going up on those,
so I don't like that, but it's still,
it's a really good concept that they have there,
and I think you're gonna see a lot of people
trying to copy it.
All right.
Now, we always invite your feedback,
and so that means we can open up the Skype line sometimes,
or sometimes we're watching our chat room
at orangehonestradio.com.
Sometimes we're reading the mail.
It's a great way for those of you guys
that are listening to our podcast form of the show
to interact with us.
Now, just a footnote, we are gonna be changing
email address this this week even if you're still using to go we'll put a
forwarder in so it still works but since the orange launch radio to go edition
doesn't really exist anymore the new email address will be mailbag at orange
launch radio comm so if you want to send us an email it's mailbag at orange
launch radio comm but it still all works the same dark Sakura gets her hand in
there digs in deep and pulls out the mail so dark Sakura what's in the mail
bag. You make that sound so dirty. Oh my. I have to make sure people are paying attention.
Well, just to go ahead and make a quick disclaimer, by the way, the email that we received has
now tripled in the past two weeks on average. Awesome. So, I apologize if I don't get to
read everybody's email that is sent to me. I do read it, and I try to reply to as many
of them as possible. I try to get in there and read it too, but I honestly don't always.
somebody has something they have to share with me you can find my email
address on the site but you know filter through Jamie because you know she it's
that's her thing well this one comes from Chupa thingy I'm sorry I still love
that is that like those old lollipops Chupa Chupa wait a minute I that's
versus blue that's right I had this exact same conversation thingy all right
what's up Puma um but I got a response response email worries you know
Thanking us for saying that he's absolutely awesome and cool for having my little pony
killer.
Basically, just to give this to one server, firstly let me say that I don't understand
why the IRA cares about transactions and MMOs.
It would be just like taxing play money transactions.
I guess it would be like taxing monopoly money.
I bought Boardwalk.
I better send George 20 bucks.
One pay per dollar.
Sure the play money has market value, but who cares?
Secondly, about the external Xbox 360 HDD DDDD drive, maybe we will be seeing some third-party
peripherals like that so the crappy Microsoft versions would not be able to dominate the
market.
Can you say third-party hard drives?
Also let me say that I am the first person in all the state of Montana to pre-order the
Snoopy game.
You rock!
You are hardcore, my friend.
Sadly I will probably not be the last as well.
With the release of Street Fighter 2 over the Xbox Live Marketplace, do you think this
will be the start of classic Capcom re-releases?
Personally, I would love to play high def versions of 8-bit Mega Man games on my 360.
Lastly, what is the deal with the name of the Bandai Namco merged company?
I would have expected something more along the lines of Bonco or Namdai or some original
name.
I like Bonco.
Bonco.
Bonco!
I kind of like Namdai.
You cannot handle the Bonco!
I kind of like Namdai.
That is a very, though I have to say, Japanese-y thing to do with combination and shortening.
We need to bring back the poll on our website.
What's better, Banco or Namdai?
We'll see, anyway.
We also have one of our, I don't think I've received an email from this person before,
someone named Matthew has asked if we could talk about F.E.A.R. for the PC and are there
any upcoming sequels or is it coming to any console platforms?
I'm gonna be honest with you Matthew, we're human and we work day jobs as well as doing
the show so because of that we don't have time to play every single game that comes
out so unfortunately I've never touched the game F.E.A.R.
I've heard about it, it looks neat, I just can't afford it and amongst all my other gaming
obsessions.
Loki you look like you know something about the show.
I know of F.E.A.R. and I know it's a really kickass first person shooter, having played
it, the only real interaction with F.E.A.R. that I've had is watching Panics from Roosterteeth
which, you know, known for Red vs. Blue, so definitely check that out because that's hilarious.
But yeah, I think it is coming to the 360, probably something that's either going to
be late this year or next year, but it's definitely a game that's going to be ported over at some
point.
Alright.
Macman also points out that Apple says they're working with a new company later to be revealed.
theory is that Apple and Nintendo are working together on the revolution
because they've both released cube-shaped systems I it's a crazy
theory and obviously not the right reason but don't put anything past
those guys if any company is going to be sneaking behind your back it's those two
well there is a mention in here Apple said they're making a move toward the
gaming market and the iMac Mini G6 hooks up to your TV.
Interesting, why do you never know?
Dot dot dot. Alright, anything else in the mailbag?
Actually, one of our listeners, Mike, wants
to know about where we import from.
Well, just a few of my favorites, but more he's asking
are modchips hard to install, more like for GameCube. You don't need to put
a mod chip in your GameCube at all. There's a disc you can get to swap them out.
I actually have a legitimate Japanese PlayStation 2 because I didn't want to risk mod chips
you know back when it was early so I hear they're okay now but I just didn't want to
risk it so I have an authentic Japanese PlayStation 2.
But I actually did email him back some sites and if anyone wants to talk to me in the chat
room I'll mention some just not on the air. No free advertising. No free advertising.
However I'm sure that any number of those sites will ship to Canada. Oh yeah sure business
business.
Oh, yeah.
If you can make the money, they will do so.
I got a few actually about things that we have already or are addressing within the
show.
One last one that I want to approach is from our listener, Jeremy.
I think this is the first time I've gotten an email from him too, so welcome to the Mail
That.
Hooray, new emailers.
He's actually, though, I think on our forums too.
Okay.
But he wants to say how much he enjoys the podcast.
Thank you.
that we do a great show. I'm wondering, since we're changing our format, if the live show
will be able to be...
if you can listen live through the PSP.
I'm not so sure that it's got the... it doesn't have the capability for that.
No, but anything's possible. All it would have to be able to do is
basically essentially how Winamp does it.
Yeah, streaming audio how Winamp does it. Because you can listen...
We use Live 365 to do our live stream and you can load that in Winamp.
So if
When AMP is ported to the PSP, it could happen, but Loki, you're saying no count on it.
Why is that? It's just, they won't do it.
Until, the only way that it would be feasible to do that is when there's a new firmware
that supports
Flash, and then you could do a Flash player for
Live 365, because I know that exists. I've tried to come up with a way to do it, but
no, you're not going to be able to do it with just JavaScript, so unfortunately,
no, the only way you're going to be able to do it is the podcast for now.
Yeah, and the last bit of this email is also the pot
I'm just gonna read it also the podcast week of 1 906 to 1 1506
She said they I forgot who is bringing a Sega Genesis game beggar prince to America
I honestly don't see why they are doing that just seems like a waste of money. Not that many people have their Genesis anymore
I'll give one of our other
Podcast buddies a plug here because he actually has somebody from that team who's putting out that game tonight
I check out Bobby Black Wolf this week, allgames.com slash podcast, because they're actually interviewing
one of the people that is behind that game. So check it out, and I will be, because I'm
curious about that same thing. How are they going to, 42 bucks?
Those of us who have a Nomad will be happy. And if you don't have a Genesis, you know,
if you still have a Dreamcast, there's always Under Defeat, which is another game that was
actually being brought up for the Dreamcast relatively soon.
not give up on those old systems they're still making 2600 games this is true
this is true all right so we're gonna go ahead and close up the old mailbag here
but dark soccer you're not quite finished with us just yet because you
have a story about Dragon Quest and the revolution
woohoo kinda, sorta, maybe. Well, Udi Yuji who was the the project lead in the series
producer for Dragon Quest 8 he was actually at a launch event in Europe for
that actually is in London and said that he was very excited about the
revolutions controller and and touched on more global views for selling Dragon
Quest did you ever play that Dragon Quest game with the actual sword that
you could use this this makes total sense to me because remember that Dragon
Quest game to actually have the sword that you could wave around it's almost
just like this whole revolution concept you know what what this is gonna sound
really awful being the gamer that I am I have never played a single Dragon Quest
game Wow gasps that's really interesting but I mean well we all a minute we
playing guardian legend I didn't see Star Wars toys in college I haven't seen
Star Wars except for one of them see well there you go you want to know what's
that we all have our things where was was my first movie I was one years old
Wow well okay wait back to back to me back to uh back to Dragon Quest okay so
Dark Sakura Miklotov you know a game I'm talking about yes yes yeah look over
here then the game yeah the game where you have the sword it's like you go up
to the TV slash yeah it's really cool looking so this doesn't surprise me at
all but I hope this means we'll you know see you know some Dragon Quest games on
the revolution I'll be kind of cool or Zelda with the sword you just made me
think about something though playing a rod caliber yes you can play soul
caliber with the fishing rod on the dreamcast just thought I'd let you guys
know but there's a just to read one of the quotes from this article says when I
was making manga I met with the technology of computer games he told
journalists I love the fact that it was interactive and that you could do
something and you get feedback I thought it was an interactive story where you
could get feedback and rewards from everything that you do be interesting I
like the idea of interactivity with the hardware so there when you mention the Nintendo controller
it's a new interface and it's exciting to have that kind of reaction.
You do something and it reacts to you.
It's human nature to have something feedback from your actions that's rewarding.
Very interesting so we'll see what they decide to produce on the revolution.
Loki you have some more information on what's going on with the revolution.
Some of it rumors, some of it facts, what's going on?
Some of the stuff, I'm going to consider most of this rumor for now.
Well first off, they had a survey that went out to a couple of gaming sites, one of them
being classicgaming.com I believe, and it was talking about the virtual console that
they were going to be using as kind of like their storefront for all these retro games
that you're going to be able to play and download to your system.
And they're kind of showing some mockups of what the system is going to look like.
They have basically where you can choose the different consoles, kind of very similar to
like a game tap type of thing. Get the rent or buy games. You can do it, you know, buy
each game individually kind of like the Xbox Live Arcade or you can pay a subscription
fee and actually be able to download whatever for that month. So I thought that was pretty
cool and it kind of ties into that. They have a patent that was actually filed for their
virtual console and it kind of covered a few things about how the emulator is going to
work.
Basically, they're saying that the emulator is actually not going to be downloaded to
the system, it's not going to be on the system the entire time that it will actually kind
of download either with the games or will be on some sort of DVD type of thing.
The other thing that it's talked about is you can actually, they will be able to emulate
Possibly the portable game systems, of course like Game Boy and stuff, possibly DS titles.
Also they were saying that the emulation system may be used with other consoles, not necessarily
the Nintendo Revolution, which brings to the point maybe they're going to license this
to other people or something like that, which is quite interesting.
And also I think we mentioned this a while back on some of the mockups for the revolution
where it said choose character.
It covers a patent for replacing characters in legacy games, basically being able to use
your own avatar say in Super Mario Brothers so you'll be able to play it as Link or Samus
or something like that, which is interesting.
There's some rumor mill stuff.
The other thing though that they did mention though was the list of titles that were going
to be kind of the launch titles for this virtual console.
Some notable ones for the NES, everybody's dying to get this, Kid Icarus.
And I was kind of surprised that the Super Nintendo, they actually have some of the Super
Soap 6 games, Battle Clash, the actual Super Soap 6 game, and some other stuff, Super Metroid's
awesome.
Of course, Nintendo 64, you've got to have, you know, um, Pilot Wings, Pokemon Snap, Paper
Mario, and Goldeneye.
Sweet.
Now, um, through the magic of radio, I actually ran out to go pee while you were talking,
so um, did you get-
You're listening to KTMI!
Did you get to the DS redesign one?
Because I'm curious about that, too.
No, not yet.
Alright, well, I want to hear this.
Jumping to conclusions.
Sorry, I just, you know, I'm like, okay, you know, we get it, and Nintendo's going to let
us download old games and we can be all fanboyish about what games, but we still don't know
shit until E3 really, so this is all redundant to me, no offense, I appreciate you bringing
the news.
Okay, now the whole redesign of the DS, nothing official has been announced yet, that's happening
tomorrow or actually on this Monday, the 16th is when it's...
Or maybe yesterday, depending on when you're listening to this.
Yeah, it depends on when you're listening to this.
It'll actually be announced on the 16th, they're supposed to be making an official announcement
about the redesign. Some of the things that they're suspecting are going to be part of
this announcement is pink, all pink. No, that's going to be more of a rounded kind of a cell
phone like design and free voice over IP calls. It's basically going to have that built into
it now. The Nintendo gauge. Seriously. No, but the other thing, there are some mock ups
people have done with interesting ideas for it where they're seeing the console fold down
to almost like a Game Boy SP type of design, kind of like a little small case.
I thought that was a really cool design, of course that was all fan done, but we'll hear
more, we'll probably have more next week about this and when the announcements are going
to be made.
Basically we know that the system is selling like crazy in Japan, they can't keep it on
shelves so.
I thought I read a story this week though that the PSP finally outsold it for a week
somewhere.
I thought I read somewhere.
Only because they didn't have any.
sold out.
Anyways.
Don't try to make that system sound like it's better than the DS. No, I'm just saying,
I'm just reporting it.
Alright, speaking of Nintendo and DS, if you have Animal Crossing DS,
hurry up and take your butt on Wi-Fi because there's actually a little
special present that you can get right now,
and if you go on Wi-Fi, you can just open your gate and close it,
but if you go on Wi-Fi you're going to get a message, a little piece of mail in your box,
from the president of Nintendo and enclosed is a Mario coin
I have a Mario coin. And when you tap the A button next to the Mario coin it goes
wing, wing, just like it did in the old school Mario Brothers and it's so stupid yet so
cute
That's exactly how you can sum up Animal Crossing it's so stupid yet so cute
And it raises your HRA score because it's a rare item
I haven't tried selling it yet though. Good point. Oh, I wonder how much it would sell for. I have a loan just to pay off.
I'll look in my strategy guide. Alright.
Now, as you know, last week on Orange Launch Radio To Go, our podcast, we phased out Dark
Soccer's advice column because you guys are just too smart.
You know everything, or at least you think you do.
I've taught them everything I know from controlling runaway camels to untangling Christmas lights
and climbing out of chimneys.
So to replace it, we're going to be bringing over one of our favorite segments from the
live show.
We're going to be changing it a little bit because we've got to reduce it for time, but
We're going to be bringing over Dark Sakura's F.U. of the Week.
This is the part where we have to get a little bit angsty.
Now, chat room, usually you guys submit your F.U.s.
We're going to get to that during the special live program later on in the night.
This is just for right now.
We're going to do some F.U.s, because damn it, we're angsty.
Right, Dark Sakura?
OH YEAH!
My F you tonight
occurred on the way to the show.
F you to people who think that they can pull out of parking lots in front of the
oncoming traffic.
As in stupid... and also people who decide that they
don't want to be in the lane they're in and so they're halfway in that lane and the other.
I experienced the two together today one stupid person in this old like beat up looking Cadillac
was halfway in the turning lane that I needed to be in and halfway in the going forward
lane and then this car decides he's gonna turn in and completely block for wrestling
I'm like uh-uh I nose my way up in the silver Lancer of love if this if this were burnout
This guy would be dead meat.
I've nosed up, I pointed at the man and said, you back up, and he just gave me this look
of utter surprise and did it.
I was like, that's right, you bow down.
And then, my car being the most nimble and beautiful vehicle in existence managed to
navigate around the evil Cadillac.
I do not know how I did it, because I had almost no clearance, and I am here and I was
here early.
So...
FU to morons on the road.
Alright, Loki, you're FU of the week.
Um, basically, my only FU is gonna be that, you know, I have to wait some time to actually get full auto.
I wanna know.
My FU is to the lack of Xbox 360s. Damn you, Microsoft, for not putting enough out there, and damn you, eBayers, for fucking it all up.
Mikotov, do you have an FU?
Sure if you did not having tomorrow off like everybody else in the world. I work for a bank. So I get it off. All right
All right
Hey, that was PC
All right, so that was our F use of the week I have to do something that I've promised what's that hello to mistress Tia
in the chat room
Thank you.
All right, don't forget, we tape our podcasts live now, everybody, if you're going, like,
what the eff are these people on?
All right, moving on, let's get to our next article tonight.
Loki, what's going on with the game Gun?
When's the sequel coming out?
The sequel's coming out probably either close to never.
Yes, Gun and True Crime, unfortunately, weren't the breakout hits that they had hoped they
would be.
And it's rumored now that they've actually been canceled due to low sales of both games.
And actually I can kind of back this up distribution wise, anybody that's direct with Activision
right now is actually getting a nice price break on the gun and True Crime New York City.
They're selling them for about 10 bucks a pop.
Of course you have to buy like 4,000 units, but not the point.
The point is that the game's not selling what it's supposed to be.
I thought they were really good games, but apparently I was wrong.
All right, now
what's going on with Ragnarok Online? This is a follow-up to something we
talked about last week on the show, right?
Mm-hmm.
You're pounding over there, why? What's up, Logie?
Well, there is a rumor that Ragnarok Online was coming to the DS,
of course it ended up being another funny Photoshop.
So somebody actually photoshopped from Famitsu Magazine some article to make it
look like Ragnarok was actually coming on the DS.
Do you think it was someone that listens to the show that got the idea?
No. Maybe. Maybe. You never know. Doubt it. We do have listeners in Japan.
It's true. It's true. You never know. Alright.
Now I don't know who's got the article on this, but we have some interesting
guitar freaks. Something going on with guitar freaks in the
arcade style controller. Now note, this is not Guitar Hero.
This is Guitar Freaks, the old Konami game that some say may have inspired Guitar Hero,
but that's controversial.
What's up with Guitar Freaks?
Well, according to one of the major importers, there is news that there is a super deluxe
Japanese arcade-style controller for Guitar Freaks coming out.
To go ahead and read this quote, I'm just going to read it from here.
Last night Konami gave the green light for the production of the ASC guitar for use with
Guitar Freaks games, although the final specs of the guitar are not available for perusal
yet.
The company's website specifies that it will be modeled closely after the guitar used at
the Coinop GF machines.
Now you can't use a Guitar Freaks controller though on a Guitar Hero game.
That's important to know.
Actually, yes you can.
Can you?
I thought I read an article that said you couldn't.
Yes you can.
How?
You plug it in.
But what about the...
Can you only play the three?
You can only play an easy, but you can use it.
will work. Weird, I thought that you couldn't do it. You just can't wail hard.
Seriously, you can't use your whammy because you don't have one. For those folks that would rather be
playing Guitar Hero, now I was reading on dig.com earlier this week
that there's actually a mod that you can do to your controller to make it wireless.
So you can have a wireless Guitar Hero controller if that, you know, that wire's
getting in the way
and it's getting in the way of you thrashing about your house and, you know,
you know, pretending you're smashing into the guitar and everything.
This is a good way for you to, you know, cut loose.
so to speak. You remind me of one of the more embarrassing
moments in my relationship with my husband. Oh, then you must share. You must share.
I go into the living room one day at one of our older apartments and Dan...
I was playing pada pada and I went off to go to the bathroom or something. I come back in
and Dan's got the guitar freaks controller doing
air guitar freaks to pada pada.
It was frightening. Wow.
Air guitar freaks. So I...
So I'm gonna patent that idea and sell it to Konami
You can try
We'll see what happens all right dark Sakura, what's going on you'd like to help tell our friends over in the UK
What's going on in their neck of the woods?
But sometimes what goes on over there affects what's over here, too
So it's very important to keep tabs on it. So what's going on in the UK?
Well, some of this is a little bit more universal just a couple quickies really
EA is bringing Lord of the Rings Battle for Middle Earth 2 to Xbox 360 in the summertime.
It's a real time strategy game based on the PC version that's due out on March 3rd, that's
in the UK.
And it will be the first Lord of the Rings game to work on Xbox Live.
It's saying it will have a new and intuitive console specific control scheme.
I like the quote in here. It says a promise is a promise EA remember that
So
Yep
Also another one that I am personally very excited about is Sonic riders
Because one of my favorite games of all time is Sonic are that's a great game
That's an amazing game right there, and I actually have Sonic are for the PC
which I still play because I
It's hard to go back and play it on the Saturn because the graphics are just so much better on the PC one
And I do have it on Saturn, as well.
But Sonic Riders just looks like it's, you know, Sonic R done right.
You know what I mean?
Like, anything that was wrong with Sonic R, Sonic Riders is doing better.
They all have these hoverboard things and basically shoot through levels that look like
they're ripped right out of Sonic Adventure.
It's pretty cool.
As long as Super Sonic Racing is in that, that song, I'll be happy.
You know, I have this, Sega loves us.
You know, loves its crowd.
it's crowd really worth the free games then
oh okay why is fantasy star delayed? I know!
I get the free games. shut up
I'm going
there was
there's actually also another thing in here too that I thought was kind of neat
actually makes me think of uh... arctic thunder
is you have a uh...
a trick thing going on in there
where you can basically you know
it's like almost like in the SSX games
you do like a board tricks like a
grinding turbulence you have different stuff going on
you can ride a pipe it's tricky game on it's tricky
bad joke
if you've ever played SSX four of the tracks listed are metal city splash canyon
egg factory and sand ruins where's casino zone because every Sonic games
gotta have a casino zone
well you need casino night okay there's always a casino or pinball zone or something
you know what the music I would love to hear in this? I would love to hear a remix of the
Ice Cap music from Sonic 3
the little disco-y dance-y one. I thought it was pretty cool. It was like
a transcend 16-bit. Also one other game
coming out, Sengoku Basura sequel coming out for PS2
put out by Capcom. And the original development team is
returning for that including Kobayashi Hiroyuki who is behind Resident Evil 4
and Yamamoto Makoto who was piano 3
which that game wasn't all that great but still. Okay I'm going to admit I've never even heard of
Sengoku Basara 1. What are these games?
It's...this one's
actually they...I'm trying...
it's a historical beat-em-up type game. Oh.
Like Dynasty Warriors or something? Yeah, but this one...
and I just know because I know several people who are into the series so I thought I would mention it
But this one, they actually have an art of one of the new characters who is Maeda Keiji,
who is a, they say a historical warrior, actually they have a year on here, 1543-1612, who lived
during the reign of Toyotomi Hideyoshi in the Sengoku period.
So that was pretty cool.
Huh.
Alright.
And then something about a contest?
Yes, a contest for folks in the UK.
Would you like...
Can I enter?
Well, this is a sucky contest. It's not fair.
Would you like to win a DS and Prince of Persia to play on it?
Well, there's a contest, and...
I was going to say something smart-ass, but unfortunately, with Prince of Persia, it's Battles of Prince of Persia, which is a card battle game.
Yeah, but still, basically with this particular contest you can, again, win battles of Prince
of Persia and a DS.
The entry is on Yahoo UK Games, so just give it a clue.
Actually I'll go ahead and, the URL is very long, so just go to Yahoo UK and Ireland Games
and give it a hunt.
Now if you win and you heard about it from us, you're gonna have to cut your DS in half
and send half to us because you know that's our Commission so we get one
screen of your DS if you win sound fair but however however if any of our
listeners do in this contest I would like an email on that one so that we can
publicly congratulate you that's right and and and offer our condolences for
you having to play Prince of Persia speaking of offering our condolences
thank you very much for the UK update by the way speaking of offering our
condolences. Some people actually saw BloodRayne. What happened here?
There's a few people that walked into the wrong theater, you know, that type of thing.
Brokeback Mountain was sold out. Seriously, they really were bored. But apparently, yeah,
it didn't do very well. It made barely a million dollars. Basically, BloodRayne was reportedly
set to open in 1,900 theaters. It ended up showing in less than 1,000 screens and, like
I said, made barely a million dollars. In addition, hundreds of theaters reported receiving
prints of the film that they didn't order. Needless to say, they refused to screen them.
That's a wonderful tactic. Send the prints to the theaters that won't carry it so that
they might accidentally put it on screen. In other news, Ui Bol is a giant douche. Basically,
He hates everything that has to do with Hollywood, calling them as greedy thieves.
Those greedy thieves are paying to finance your movies, ironically enough.
Also during the premier fore-blood reign, actors were brought on stage so evil can make
a little speech, but forced them not to speak because he hates when actors talk.
finally I don't know he's just really in the right business yeah he's just
stupid that's all you need to know and now did you hear the rumor about what
script you e-balls looking at right now not looking at Mel you're so I read that
on the internet so it must be true he may be looking at it but they're not
gonna let him touch it they better not I I have this feeling that Kojima would be
like no miklotov you you work at Konami right is there anything you can do to
make this not happen I would personally like to see it happen why I don't like
Metal Gear I think it would be a great comedy and you know we're getting Silent
Hill and that looks amazing so it's April 21st April 21st which is pyramid
heads gonna be days after my birthday so whoever wants to buy me a ticket to see
it so see we're gonna get a good movie why not get a bad movie in the form of
Metal Gear Solid I think it would be great because it's not you know no no
no no no no no no no no you know we need we need to have snake done by someone
really hot but voiced over by David hater and have David hater write the
script like cuz he did the x-men scripts but he's also solid snakes voice actor I
love this man not as much as my husband but I really think he's cool all right
Well, by the year 2010, there are certain to be lots and lots of video game movies out
there and hopefully one good one by then in 2010.
Some dude has some other predictions for what's going on in 2010.
DarkStalker, you were telling me a little bit about this before the show.
What's going on here?
Well, there's a bit of a speculative article about the game year in review for 2010.
made me in the year 2010 yeah thank you never mind you watch TV so you don't go
to nobody that's gonna I don't watch TV but it's the have a life it's the show
to watch every college kid loves I know I know we're older than college kids no
I'm a college kid at heart work you know what I'm busy doing college playing
Animal Crossing all right anyway dude I'm taking flash animation what you
Well, the speculation is Sony's attempt to hang on to its thin lead in the gaming industry
by only selling the PlayStation 4 to 6 carefully chosen celebrities.
Seems like it might backfire, oooh, children's crayon drawings of the PS4 going for over
$400 on eBay.
Please tell me, for the love of God, Paris Hilton will not still be a celebrity in 2010.
Paris Hilton is reported to have held the new console briefly at arm's length before
throwing it in the closet.
God damn it.
Who made these predictions?
Ms. Cleo?
Nintendo creates the Nintendo apocalypse that will like any type of game controller whatsoever.
How about the Nintendo?
Fuck your shit up.
Instead, you will direct the on-screen action by grabbing a household pet by the front legs
and making it do a little dance.
This is the sighting wheelbarrow controller featuring WarioWare yard work mode.
That'd be great Nintendo faithful pointed out. This is still better than a gamepad for first-person shooters
on the handheld front Sony and Nintendo continue their fight for the minds and backpacks of the nation's gamers by releasing ever larger portable consoles the
Nintendo XL with six screens a folding seat and selection of overpriced candy bars of PlayStation still ostensibly portal
Can help all forms of media including two ton cuneiform tablets. This is absurd
this is where can people read this if they is on wired wired I'll post the
link in the chat room for those of us for those listeners privileged to hang
out there all right uh we're getting towards the end of the show here and
believe it or not but you know what a good way to go out then to talk about
sex let's talk about sex let's talk about sex on the Xbox 360 not literally
sex on your Xbox 360 but Loki you probably could it's big enough on that
power supply you might be able to do something raunchy with that all right kids cover your
ears res controller time Loki let's try to keep it clean Loki what's this with HD porn
coming into 360 this has to be a load of crap right no actually the first movie that they're
bringing over there's a couple companies they're behind it the first one being arrow productions
which is bringing a HD version of deep throat very classic adult film to the Xbox 360 we're
not quite sure how they're going to do this or what format it's going to be in
whether it's I don't know but could be
my guess is probably WMV HD format
so Windows Media anyways
so look forward to that there's actually going to be some more info about it
DeepThroatHD.com is where you want to watch for the news on that
how do we know this isn't a load of crap just because the website's registered
I don't know, I'm taking this with a huge grain of salt here.
How could they possibly...
This is actually from the adult video conference.
Basically they had a DVD version and this HD version playing side by side.
But see, the whole thing that makes me real skeptical about this, and this is what I'm
going into for Next Company.
is actually, let's see here, it's another HD thing that they were showing, but the only
thing was that it was streaming over from Windows Media Center, so that's not exactly
cheating.
That's cheating.
That's not exactly playing on, you know, that's dumb.
That's really dumb.
So I don't know, I'm really skeptical whether it's actually going to be coming out.
I suppose it could do that, but I don't think it's going to happen.
Alright, we'll see.
Now something we know that's going to happen is that there's a conference coming up, Dark
Sakura?
Is there ever?
Well, you know me, I'm such a little horn dog, I had to find out about Sex and Video
Games Conference.
There is a conference going on in San Francisco, June 8-9th at the Nob Hill Masonic Center
that is the Sex and Video Games Conference exploring the business of digital erotic entertainment.
Examples include creating mainstream erotic games, integrating international success to
the U.S. market, emergent sex in video games and video game hardware, creating successful
online erotic games, investing in sexually themed games, alternative distribution methods
for AO games, and MMO-EG panel.
Massively multiplayer online erotic game?
Was that Orgy the game?
orgy for PC dark soccer I think you need to do some field work and attend this
conference and and bring back a full report
do you want to pay for it? no how much is it to go?
do we know? well you can save over 40 percent of the
registry fee
by signing in for it by May 7th 2006
early bird price is $295
through June 6, 3.95 on-site 4.95.
They better have naked chicks there. You know what that would be though?
That would be half the price of my new iMac. So no.
Alright, last thing for the night and then we're gonna call it a show.
This whole sex and video games thing makes me think.
Are video games sexy enough or too sexy? And if you're gonna say
not sexy enough,
what could they do to make games more sexy? Dark Sakura.
See, I think that I'm actually too sexy for the games.
No, no, no, you misinterpreted my question.
I... you know what? You know what?
I'm gonna go back, because the old standby, our motto, applies to this.
Gameplay!
It is the gameplay that makes a game good. It does not have to have
hot, naked people in it, and, you know, pantsless rage, and...
it doesn't need to have all of you know I I I think it's fine to make it
attractive and I think that if the you know
I do have to say that the average gamer they market to is going to be
the 20 to 30 something year old male
who wants to see nothing but boobies you know TNA the whole time
that they can have their thing as
first of all as a just as a gamer not necessarily as
a female gamer I'm interested in how the game plays
if it looks good to go with it fine but I will sit and play Jumping Flash all day
Loki you know
I would say it's a complete waste of next-gen
you know just the whole next gen of gaming
we do not have HD titties in there because god damn it we need HD titties
to be on this next gen console where are my adult only games
If they have a god damn adult only rating system, I want adult games to be on the Xbox
360 and the Playstation 3.
I want my nudity and I want my extreme violence as well.
I want things that will make Jack Thompson go crazy and in fact I want the next Grand
Theft Auto to be so outrageous and bad that it's banned from half the world.
Only I get to play.
That's what I want to see because I think that's what we need and you know what?
I agree with you about the gameplay.
That's where the revolution comes in, and damn it, Nintendo needs to jump on this bandwagon
with, you know, sex games, and I can't wait to see Playboy the Mansion 2.
Is that the revolution, Full Frontal Unity?
Rez 2.
All right, comments from our chat room, we have some folks, more naked males, of course,
you know, the women and gay men, you know, need some cock.
As far as the asexuals, though?
What?
They have Tetris.
Let's see, some
various comments here from Fireoboma and
GS191, more cowbell. We do need more cowbell!
Alright, on that note, I think it's about time we wrap things up here on
Orange Lounge Radio.
It was great for a show though, thank you guys for tuning in and listening or
downloading it. It was a little different, I think some of our folks who listen to
previous podcasts might be shocked.
but it's 170 that's what what I know it's episode 170 but the first of the
new
format so something new we've evolved it's like we change some of the
ingredients like leaves
you know are no longer swimming around in the ocean but we spread legs
so we had some you know technical difficulties there but everything's good
I'm I'm happy with the show so looking forward to many more
I in the future so no grand theft DDR
right evil chat room don't stop paying attention to the chair and they'll go
away
I alright let's go around and get everybody's final thought miklotov
I know we didn't talk a whole lot tonight, but thank you for being here and being moral support.
You're welcome.
And anything you want for games to be sexier?
No, because I think that's kind of stupid, except if it's hot guys.
Alright, other than that it's stupid.
And what's your final thought?
Oh, I want to play some more World of Warcraft right now.
Alright. Loki, your final thought?
I'm gonna check out DOA 4 this week.
My final thought is I won an Xbox 360!
at the store! Dark Soccer, your final thought?
Reject false icons. Alright, that's gonna do it. Thanks so much for tuning in and
listening to Orange Lounge Radio. We'll see you next week!
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production. For more information on our live and podcast programs,
visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next week!
