Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to the podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com
for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
And now the conclusion of episode 172 for January 29th, 2006.
And we're back here on Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 172 for this, January 29th of 2006.
and quite a busy first half there little bit a little bit of controversy was it
was there a single controversial subject we didn't touch there on the first half
I'm not sure we talked about politics sexuality a fast food talk about a midget
rights oh well maybe in this half we'll see for those I need to be more midget
gamers for those that were listening or that are listening to this on the
podcast feed who haven't heard the first half of the show yet definitely go back
and download the first half it's a it's a good show so check it out anyway we're
gonna get back in because we have a lot of stuff to talk about in this half of
the show and we're gonna start it off we'll start off with Loki who's got a
story about Microsoft what's going on with Microsoft are they are they doing
the handhelds or not this is a rumor it's been going on for a long time
maybe that's I think the official response from it's something that
they're looking towards because they want to compete with the iPod and
looking at maybe starting up a portable gaming development team or something like that or
portable something development team.
So it's a maybe.
That's pretty much I think what the official word's been.
Something of course they're going to look at if they can figure out a way to do it profibly.
So it'll be one of those things like okay well we'll see what happens but I'm not going
to say yay or nay on it.
There's definitely not any firm plans on it, so it's just going to be, you know, we'll
have to wait for that.
All right.
Moving on, I have some feedback from the chat room on the controversial subjects.
Somebody mentioned that we didn't mention Jack Thompson yet during the program.
Tony mentioned that in the chat room there, so.
Thank God.
Well, I should give you guys an update on the Flowers for Jack campaign.
Remember we talked about that last week and how we contributed $20 to that effort?
Guess what?
something like they raised a crazy amount of money I don't think they
posted the final figure yet but when I last checked they had something like
over $900 and it got to the point where it was they're gonna spend 650 on the
flowers and the rest they're donating to and I forgive me I don't have time to
dig for this right now I think it think it's called child's play which is the
foundation that the penny arcade folks set up when they were getting you know
hit with the Jack Thompson stuff too so that's that's great it's been a
fundraiser in many ways so that's a good thing awesome so congratulations to the
flowers for Jack folks so now I now we've now we've mentioned that all right
anyway let's get back well you know talking about Jack sometimes um conjures
these feelings inside of us that we just can't control these feelings of angst
such such angst and that brings us to one of our favorite segments on the show
the FUs of the week right dark Sakura oh yeah
it's really my f you and you know I actually mentioned it already in the
show but if you do that woman at Barnes & Noble you know just a big stinking pile
poo on her because if you're going to say excuse me even if the people haven't
heard you you still wait to acknowledge that they heard you before shoving
somebody out of the way. I'm sorry what has happened to the state of manners
here? How's that she had her grandchildren with her? She's teaching them that it is okay to push people out of the way.
See Jack Thompson needs to focus on behavior like that. On just general rudeness and
And the fact that people go around insulting and will not admit when they were the one who were at fault.
I'm there.
Loki, my FU of the week is going towards, you know, this is basically I have nothing right now, planet Earth for being a cocky bitch.
What?
What? Seriously, this plane is a cocky bitch and thinks it's like all, you know, holier
than thou just because, you know, it's got life on it or something. I don't know. I got
nothing, really, I don't. My week was okay. I have nothing that really pisses me. Oh wait,
I do. I'm sorry, I take that back. Fuck uses goddamn people to keep parking in the fire
lane thinking it's their own personal parking space even though there's a red curb there.
goddamn day there's a car parked there and nobody tickets these cars. Well, fuck them,
you see? Because if I want to back out of my car, you know, back out of my space, which
happens to be in the corner of this entire parking lot, you know, I have to avoid these
people that are parked in these illegal spaces. And the audacity of these people, they actually,
you know, look at me like, what? You're in my way, you know? It's like, fuck them. I
eat my apartment complex. See I knew you had it in you, being a liar. But I also hate her,
because she is a cockadoo. Alright, uh, my F.U. of the week, my F.U. of the week goes
to the Italian restaurant in Sacramento, and I'm not even gonna name it, because nobody
outside the area would know it anyway. They gave me food poisoning yesterday. My pasta,
like I had this dish that was lasagna and pasta, it was like a little bit of both, the
pasta was cold, and I should have known that something was wrong then, because that probably
means my meat lasagna was undercooked, and I got very very sick last night, and that's
no fun at all. Food poisoning sucks. So, yeah, thank you. I know this isn't television, but
Jamie's doing the cry face from Battle Royale.
Try not to have your head exploded, okay?
So, well, something exploded last night, but it wasn't my head, I'll tell you that. Ew.
Alright, moving on.
You're listening to KTMI.
Uh, let's change the subject promptly. Let's talk about a much happier thing. Let's talk
about Konami Gamers Day! Yay! Are you bitter about that, Dark Sakura? I'm bitter because
I had to spend the day at my job. I'm sorry. Well, Loki and I got a rare opportunity to
go to Konami Gamers Day this week and check out all the Konami products that are coming
out this year, at least in the first two months of the year. It was awesome. Dark Sakura,
I don't want you to feel left out, so we have gifts for Dark Sakura that we brought back
from Gamers Day. No, stop crying, you're going to love these gifts.
This is a poster, it's a Metal Gear Saga poster.
Very rare, it's a promotional poster.
And check this out, here's what I do with press kits.
I'm going to give Jamie the press kit for a Metal Gear Saga as well so she can
check that out
with her husband Dan who's a big Metal Gear fan as well.
You know what he was playing today was Gran Turismo 2.
That has nothing to do with Metal Gear or Konami.
No.
Okay.
Anyway, so don't feel left out.
There you go.
But I'm giving you guys that press kit for a reason, so you can report on that for the
site too, and the stuff blog.
It even smells pressy.
Alright.
So, meanwhile, while Jamie's ogling that, Loki and I want to talk about Konami Gamers
Day a little bit, but, Jamie, feel free to interject your thoughts, because you probably
have an opinion on these games as well.
Loki, what'd you think of Konami Gamers Day?
It was a fun, it was a good time.
It was fun.
I loved it.
Yeah.
inviting us and you know letting the podcast world get exposure to that as
well is a good time
yeah so let's talk about let's talk about some of the games we saw okay all
right did you check out Tao's adventure a little bit it's a role-playing game
coming out for the DS is going to be out soon
I played a little bit the the build that they were showing there though was like
the full game so it started me off from the beginning so it was kind of slow to
get into so I seriously spent like 30 minutes of this game and barely got
anywhere I mean I kind of learned that you cast spells by drawing little
symbols on the bottom part you have to memorize like to cast a lightning spell
you draw a little lightning bolt it seemed okay but it seemed like kind of
like just your average run-of-the-mill RPG it there was nothing about it that
really excited me I don't know if you feel the same way Loki it was yeah it was
okay I think I think folks who are into RPGs and it seems like one of those
monster collection type of games you might get a kick out of that Street
Supremacy Loki would you think Street Supremacy a racing game that's coming
out for the PSP by Konami well it's actually pretty cool and what it is is
It's sort of a port of Tokyo Xtreme Racer, so if you've played that series you've pretty much kind of have an idea what this game is going to be like.
Looks pretty cool, and it reminded me, the comparison I had with it, it reminded me of Wangdens Midnight Tune, the arcade game, it reminded me of that.
But it's a pretty good game, there's not that many racing games out there for the PSP, so, you know, more the merrier.
And I know the price point on it's pretty cheap when it's coming out, so I I ran out of time to check out
Street supremacy, but it looked okay. I mean I'm not a big huge on racing
I like burnout, but we'll see maybe I'll check it out one thing
I liked a lot on the PSP was a Gradius collection sweet. I like that played through a little bit of Gradius one and
It's cool because they changed it a little bit so that it's widescreen, and it doesn't really do it by stretching the image
So much I I think it happens a little bit
But they kind of went back and redid it and you can tell they changed some things about the game, too
For instance the first boss that you fight happens immediately after the volcano
Sequence in the first stage for those of you guys that have played Gradius before so the volcanoes are in the way while you're trying
To fight the boss, so that's a little bit of extra challenge to it
Which I thought was kind of cool means you can't sit in the hidey spot, right exactly exactly
So they they they changed that a little bit and they made it more seamless like it's a very seamless kind of game
That's the only one I checked out but Gradius collection is gonna have several Gradius games in it
you know that's gonna mean is it's gonna be nine versions of of uh... gradius we
own no proteus though
and that makes me upset we need more proteus maybe later
rumba roses x x lucky to check this out seems all tina yeah all tina i i'm
rumba roses is okay but the problem i have with this game in wrestling games
in general is that it's kind of slow the actions very slow in these kinds of
games very slow seen that's the things they're touting that the game had you
know, probably the best visuals on the 360, but the movements are all really jerky, and
that's the thing.
But other than that, it plays very similar to the first game.
The only differences I could say is, my description of this would be like, it's kind of a cross
between DOA 4 and DOA Beach Volleyball, is the best way to describe it.
Because they have this photo mode, you can make your characters busty and almost naked,
and then just all different sort of things on them to kind of customize them to play
online.
I was taking notes during the keynote speeches and I remember Akari Uchida, who's the producer
of Rumble Roses XX, said that they were making fun of DOA a little bit.
Remember that?
He said, yeah, we're making fun of DOA in this part.
Because they have sequences in the gate, they have a photo shoot sequence, like you can
take pictures, sexy pictures of the folks and low-key something like that.
It's all T&A.
Yeah, it's all T&A.
It's fun and I think it's a party game to me.
I'll be picking it up, for sure.
Let's watch the Super Bowl and play some Rumba Roses.
There's one fighting game for the 360.
I mean, come on.
It's going to sell.
And it's a pretty fun game.
And definitely just for the T&A factor, I mean, it works.
And you'll be able to play it online, which I thought
was cool.
And you can customize your character,
including the size of the boobs.
You can customize.
The producer was kind of saying, oh, everybody,
it won't just be anesthesia versus anesthesia,
and they look the same.
you could customize the colors in the and the size and shape of it but i'm
like okay on live
they're all going to have huge test their create a wrestler
not so it i think that was kind of their response to create a wrestler they had
a being able to create one yes and no they do i think have a career wrestler
and then you can also modify the ones that they have on their i got the sense
the creator wrestlers more you modify the existing one significantly
not like soul caliber create a character
will differ
But the other things that they were going to have, they were a little bit different
with it. I know other than the create a character type stuff, which was pretty cool. Then they
have the tag team matches. They're also going to have downloadable content later, like more
costumes and whatnot. Plus there was some weird stuff. If you caught it in the videos,
they have a robot character and then there's two bears that are in the game, much like
Tekken. So they've got that in there as well.
Who is fighting? Oh my gosh, Bear is fighting. How can this be?
Metal Gear Substinence!
Subs-Substinence? I can never say this. Subs-Subs-Subs-
Okay. Subs-uh-stuh-nance.
Substinence. I-I- Metal Gear is one of those-
I'm gonna- I can't- I don't have time to play everything, guys. I do have a day job as
well as this program.
Metal Gear is one of those series I don't follow. I leave it to Jamie to follow the
series and correct me on it.
So, but, Loki, did you check this out? Metal Gear Subs- I looked at it briefly.
What did you think? It was good. I like how they've added the multiplayer in there.
That's definitely going to be the highlight of the game.
I like all the add-ons they're gonna have for this. Like you get the Metal Gear
Saga DVD. They were showing clips from that. That looks very cool. Well,
only if you pre-order at a major retailer like GameStop or EV or whatever, but most
people are, so...
You'll probably be able to get it either way. And the original Metal Gear
on NES and Metal Gear 2. That's true. The MSX.
Exactly. Not the one that Kojima pretty much wrote off. What was Snake's
Revenge? Snake's Revenge, yeah. Not that one.
The real Metal Gear 2.
I thought that was interesting.
The MSX one was actually pretty fun and it had the things that they referred to back
in the first Metal Gear Solid about Big Boss and Gray Fox, a lot of that was involved in
Metal Gear 2.
Very true.
And actually they have, they go into that in the Saga DVD as they were talking about
all that stuff.
I thought it was very interesting.
Did you, were you watching a little preview and it had Kojima talking about how Metal
Gear Solid 3 had a very maternal theme in it and all that stuff?
Yeah.
interesting some of the stuff he said so check that out on the DVD sweet code and
five is another one I kind of ran out of time to look at and it's a good thing
meatlet off stepped out for a little bit or he probably punched me right now
because he loves sweet coding did you check it out at all I like I'm not a
huge we couldn't fan I looked at it it looked pretty but you know it's it's
not a sui coding game it's gonna be the same type of thing yeah if you're into
sui coding from what I hear five is better than four but maybe not quite as
good as one and two but it's it's it's worthwhile having for for those you guys
during this week. One game I definitely checked out was Beatmania.
What did you think of Beatmania? Beatmania is cool. I like the licensed songs in there.
That was done very well. Funky Town?
Won't you take me to Funky Town? Yeah, and they're all remixes too. They're all like garage remixes.
They had Toxic on there.
But yeah, I played them. They're cool.
And I like the new controller. New controller is awesome. New controller will
still flip.
So if you're right side pried, left side pried, whatever, it still flips. But the side
with the turntable is rounded.
so it's a little different but I'm hearing I'm hearing it's more spring
action in the keys so the keys won't stick like the Japanese controllers did
so that's great it played
it played fine for me I had a good time with the game. My controller doesn't stick.
Well consider yourself lucky. You still should pick up one of these US controllers.
I have a mutant controller
okay and I am gonna pick up a US controller. And if you do happen to have a controller the game
will be offered with the controller without the controller so
Oh I didn't pick that part up. That means they know we're out there.
That's why I have the advantage for working at a distributor.
For those you guys concerned about the authenticity compared to the Japanese
originals, I'm told that
another's do show up in the game, they're just locked away at the start,
but you can unlock the another's for those you guys that really want the
difficult stuff.
I am hearing they change some note charts, but I'm hearing from
folks who play a lot of Beatmania that it's not as bad as you think.
They change note charts mostly to add in some of the free scratch zones
and things cuz they are bringing over the free scratch zones which showed up I
think in some
early early BeatMania games and then BeatMania 3. They had that, I noticed it was in
Metal Gear Solid the remix cuz I remember I have BeatMania 2nd mix and I don't
remember the free scratching being there
but they added that in there or something. It was in 4th mix, it was in
CM2, it was also I think it was removed from
I think if memory serves me correctly I do think that it was in 2DX
up until I want to say the substream
release the one that linked to DDR second mix right
and then after that no more questions from chat room here spirits nair wants to
know how did the controller feel I wanna know
it felt like the regular controllers to me but just
the key taps were a little different but nothing
nothing that's gonna throw you I mean it it feels it feels nice I think the US
players gonna be very pleased at the improvements over the Japanese
controllers I really do
So, I'm very excited about that.
Moving on, what did you think of the Silent Hill experience?
I thought this was interesting.
It's different.
It's not a game, but it's like a comic book slash audio and visual tour of the Silent
Hill series on the PSP that includes the first four games and the movie.
It reminded me of the...
Does it address the Game Boy one?
No, I don't think...
I don't know. They didn't say specifically. It reminded me of them almost like selling
a special features disc for the movie by itself. That's what it feels like.
They actually did that for Metal Gear Solid 2.
And they were actually doing something very similar for Metal Gear. Now to bring that
up, the Metal Gear comics, they're also going to be doing on the PSP. You can have these
comics on the PSP. It looked very well detailed and well drawn. It looked pretty cool and
a little bit interactive as well. So I know one thing they were really pushing
during the keynotes was innovation. Konami wants to innovate this year and these two
products definitely show that they want to be innovative.
For me, the deciding factor on the Silent Hill experience is price point.
Because if Silent Hill experience costs as much as a normal PSP game, I don't
think that's fair because it's not a game.
But if it's a $20 thing, I think it'll be great. And they're not the only ones doing comics either.
Hmm. Capcom is getting in on that kind of action as well.
Oh interesting. Yeah, interesting. All right. What did you think of Metal Gear acid 2? Metal Gear acid 2 is pretty good
I'd never I didn't really care for the first one. It looks pretty fun
I'm just not in I really kind of wanted a Metal Gear solid game. Not really a card battle game
I really hate card battle games
every single one of them
the
solid I
wasn't as solid as I thought it would it's gonna be and
And, okay, we have to explain the solid eye.
It's actually a cardboard cutout,
goggle thing that you can put over your PSP
and the game will play in some 3D fashion.
I had Virtual Boy flashbacks playing this thing.
It didn't work for me.
I didn't care for the 3D thing very much.
I thought it was kind of a cheesy feature,
but you can take it off and the game looks fine.
Like, it's interesting,
because the way it works
is that it doesn't ruin the visuals of the game.
So, I don't know how much I'd actually use this,
the 3D goggle thing.
It's a throwaway feature to me.
It was kind of cool, but the other thing that I thought was funny, because this was in the
Japanese version, they were talking about the sexy girls, they do have a lot of sexy
girls.
In fact, I remember seeing a dump of this game online or whatever, and half of the disc
was all movies of sexy girls and camo and stuff, so.
Karaoke Revolution Country.
Yeah.
I heard about this.
This to me, I was like a vampire and it was garlic, and I was staying far away from the
it it was the first game I played actually it was an okay looking game
I just I don't like country music and we I don't have a very good
experience with that curio revolution it's very similar to kr party
I'm it runs on almost the exact same interface but I thought was interesting
is they've added some interesting I toy features
you know how in kr party you could create a character you can also create a
character in the country one but you can take your own picture on the I toy and
have your face
on the character which I thought was very interesting and
You can also do the itoy thing. Some backgrounds have big TV monitors and it'll put you singing in your living room
uh in the TV monitors and that's it that's
It's cheesy, but it's cute. Like I think it'll be fun for for the party atmosphere of karaoke revolution. I think it's cute and
Whereas I probably won't buy this game because i'm not much of a country fan
I think it's good that they're opening up opening this franchise up to a good to a new audience
I think and the partnership with cmt as well smart move. Yeah, definitely and
And you know, for my limited knowledge of country songs,
it's a pretty good mix.
Yu-Gi-Oh!
USB.
It's a little Yu-Gi-Oh!
game you can put on the, or it's Yu-Gi-Oh!
that's already on the USB, and you can basically
take it anywhere with you, plug it into the computer, and go.
It's an innovation thing, but I mean, Yu-Gi-Oh!, great.
I thought it was quite interesting
how they wanted to explain how it worked,
and I'm like, I think we get it.
You know?
All right.
How about DDR Supernova? No, I didn't play that at all. Let's see.
I was the first person in the United States outside of Konami to play the game, so...
You're staking that claim right there? Staking that claim, I believe I was number
four to play under that machine, besides Jason Enos and two other Konami employees that were
testing it out. I was on that game almost all day. It was great. I love it. I'm really
Really out of shape though and my only complaint is max or fascination max
I think it's a dumb sounding song and the step bonus stage. Yeah, the bonus stage the boss song or whatever
It sounds like a really crappy fan mix and the steps it reminds me of a really bad sim file
That's it's really sad that that's you know, because they could do so much better and I remember like, you know paranoia
Respect that was a cool remix of paranoia and it sounded cool and was hard
but it's starting to get to the point now with max you have max period which
was just bullshit as it was as a song and a remix and now this is just a step
beyond that and it I don't know might some people like it because it's super
hard I personally didn't care for it but you know what there's 300 and some songs
in this thing who cares one song one song in it I don't care I had a real
good time playing it to um a lot of repeats for me but I'm I understand that
DDR this is an early build and I think a lot of folks on like DDR freaking stuff
or take running with this like I think there's still much more news to come on
DDR supernova I'm just happy it's coming back to the arcades you have to
understand that the build that we played on was 50% done add 230 songs on it
right now most of which were repeats but who cares there it's just the old stuff
there's that means 70 new songs that are gonna be in there so I'm very curious to
check out battle mode because that's something I've been bitching about needs
to be in an arcade DDR that's not Disney Mix for a long long time and I'm really
excited to see the battle mode I want to see what this is all about because I
think DDR could be marketed as a very competitive game and it looks like it's
kind of going that way because they're they're doing the tournaments and you
know like tournament mode it's going to be released in all three regions US UK
and Japan what's going to be great also the interface is really strange there's
no more backgrounds to songs I've noticed like you know no more background
pictures. I completely missed that. It's all just normal video unless it actually has a
video then it's got you know other than that it's got like the 3D stage with the dancers
and stuff. But that could be something that's still being worked on too we don't know. Yeah
it's hard to say. Mods and stuff they were pretty much all the same mods they had the
only thing that I noticed that was different kind of taking it from almost like step mania
jumps you can remove the jumps from the songs so if you don't want to have a lot of that
stuff and then they renamed kind of what the different note patterns were called
and stuff I have to correct myself huh I just did this thing again and it's
substance Oh subsistence subsistence yes subsistence anyway so DER supernova
thumbs up for me I definitely approve and I think the best is still yet to
come on DER supernova I think I I understand they're taking it around the
country right now in location test isn't so Cal right now and it's probably the
same machine we played at Gamers' Day. I'm pretty sure it is. It probably took it down to SoCal.
Don't consider it a finished game just yet.
It's only 50% done.
Did you hear though that Naoki and Taka actually went down from Gamers' Day
to the location test? Yeah, I saw that. Yeah, very interesting. Yeah, that was kind of
funny, the whole story with Naoki. He was there taking pictures of the
machine and people playing and stuff.
He was kind of running around like a little girl. It was kind of funny.
just, you know, watching them, you know, so excited about everything. It was great. But,
you know, and we got some cool GIFs and stuff and, I don't know, new songs, interesting
to say the least. Not too impressed with some of them. I could care for a little bit less
Toxic being in Superhero, oh, that reminds me, Toxic in Beatmania. I like what they did
I like what they did with the videos in the background because it kind of reminded me of new videos for the songs which are pretty cool.
Did you notice though in some of the videos they didn't bother changing them? Like at Colors it still says 2DX 6 style in the corner in the video. They didn't bother taking them out.
Well I don't know because they looked like a finished build to me and I noticed this when Taka was playing against the Konami employee, Ferrari, when they were battling each other.
each other. Ferrari won, by the way, and Taka failed the song. They were playing colors,
and they had a little six-style logo in the corner. I noticed that, and it looked like
a final build of the game to me. I mean, this thing's coming out pretty soon, so I think
they just didn't bother changing it, but, you know, who cares?
It hasn't gotten gold yet, though, so I think it's fine.
We'll see, we'll see. Anything else you want to say about Konami Gamers' Day?
I just, you know, I'm really glad to have gone. I wish they had shown more stuff that's
coming out, because most of the stuff that they covered is just up till March.
So that leaves the whole rest of the year.
I was hoping Ultramix 4 or something like that, Silent Hill 5, but I guess I gotta wait
for E3.
Alright, thanks again to Konami for the invitation, and we're looking forward to covering other
companies' press events as well, wink wink, nudge nudge, folks, right?
Jamie's itching to go to a Capcom thing, I think, so we'll see.
Namco!
Namco!
Alright, anyway, Jamie, speaking of Jamie, Jamie, since she unfortunately was not able
to go to Gamers' Day, she was at school and at work, and she was also painting and reading
your letters.
Yes, I was also reading letters while I was supposed to be at school.
So when you guys send in your emails to Mailbag at OrangeLawnsRadio.com, DarkSakura reads
them and throws them away.
And then I laugh at them.
No, just kidding.
She brings them Sunday nights to the show with her to read them live on air, at least
some select pieces.
So Dark Sakura, reach into that mailbag and tell us who wrote us this week.
Well, just to go ahead and make a quick statement, I am going to be limiting some of my letters
to maybe about the top of, I'd say, six letters that I receive.
So these are tonight's grouping.
These are the lucky few.
I'd like to start off with a letter from Simmel, who's one of our UK listeners.
So just to let you know, in the UK, we have Go Sudoku for PSP, it's a multiplayer and
downloadable puzzle.
Best of all, it's only £20.
Oh, sorry, we were talking about Sudoku last week, so I guess they already have a version
of it over there in the UK.
They probably have a cheap one here, I just don't know of it.
On average, though, PSP games in the UK are nearly between £35 to £40.
So that's actually a really good price.
I wonder how that compares to how much those books cost.
I'd rather have a PSP game before I have a book.
It'd be about like us buying a PSP game for 35 bucks.
I just don't see myself buying Sudoku on any system when a god like Tetris is right around
the corner for DS.
You know?
That's just me.
Well also he likes to say that he enjoys listening to the new format and likes how the show's
progressing.
Thank you.
Well thank you!
Another letter comes from DJ Ratchet, who's one of our, I think one of our newer people
on the forums too, he wants to say that he loves the podcast, thank you, and has questions
about Kingdom Hearts 2, estimated release date in the US and if there's really a Tron
level. Yes, there is a Tron level! I do have a friend who owns the Japanese release, I'm
supposed to be obtaining it shortly myself, and from what I understand, you know, I actually
did have the release date, I do believe it's the end of March? 31st, actually it was 29th
the 34 I think it's 31st now right I actually I got my date through my
resource too but it's good they lining up that's a good sign mine's pre-ordered
mines pre-ordered already but not only is there a Tron level there's also a
steamboat Willie level which is so adorable there's okay I think that
they're getting into the whole music game thing because the entire undersea
level is like big old working music game
interesting all right you you repeat
little motions and hit your little
button on time and you make sort of sing
along with Ariel and all them and
listening to the Japanese version of
under the sea is freaking hilarious and
the whole what's the song that she sings
when she's in the cave the only world
no don't don't ask me okay but it's just
part of their world part of your
world is that it something close every Disney song has something about I want
to be accepted by the world I'm an outcast and I want to be loved I want to
be accepted by Blizzard I want to be loved in World of Warcraft for the
record there is a sixth emo Ranger now okay anyway um yeah but those levels are
really on there and he also agrees with my take on the big bully of the gaming
industry you evil I'm just moving on Jack Thompson also let's have tea has
emailed us and said I love that nickname I love it our listeners and emailers
have the best nicknames in the world I mean we had poo face made a comment in
the first hour of the show we have let's have tea this is awesome all right but
every time I see Xander I think of Buffy I think of drawn together I'm gonna
never-ending quest to save my girlfriend forget it anyway moving on I don't watch
TV oh you watch Buffy gotcha I watched Buffy because my friend taped it all
right and we would watch it later mailbag mailbag um honestly what's okay
says honestly I want to email you and say thanks for podcasting for the
podcast because I'm not usually one to judge by reviews but with you guys I do
I picked up a DS because you guys said they are awesome I picked up Animal
Crossing DS and Mario Kart DS because of all the hype here about it I just
picked up trace memory because the little plug for it on episode 170 and
honestly I wanted to thank you guys for the show and how helpful you guys are
wow that's that's amazing wow to know that we're actually influencing how
people spend their hard-earned money that's that's a hell of a compliment
thank you it's a little light in my dark soul I know that's great there's a light
sorry you haven't you had me on musicals so forget it moving on
Pendragon writes in and says
this is support for a Loki's whole PC
fetish. Oh, we have a Loki supporter! Yeah.
Oh, you have to admit it's about time. We've heard the anti end of it
so now we need to hear the pro end of it. We're fair.
We're fair and balanced, Radio. It's not what it looks like, but how it
actually works and performs. We'll see about the new Intel mechs. Honestly, this
pretty interface looks
will bog the system down and overall will not be as fast as the PC. I'm a 3D graphic artist
and I wouldn't bother with the Mac. You want to know what, okay? You are obviously not
a professional graphic artist, because just about any professional will use a Mac, and
the Intel Macs are clocked to be much faster than their equivalent PC. Which is why I'm
getting one!
This PC Mac thing is so 2005. I'm done. I'm done.
I can't wait until I get it.
Stop sending emails on it. I don't care.
I can't wait until I get started broadcasting from my Mac because now the new iLife 6 has instant podcast support.
Will you be broadcasting in flavors?
Yes, I will have a great...
Stop! Stop egging this whole thing off!
Just sit down and shut up and take it like a man!
My show tastes like purple!
Alright, next email!
I'm going to podcast in a black like my soul flavor.
okay um Raphael writes in and says I am going to try not to rant about this but
here we go usually that means there's a rant following the one thing that I find
very amusing is that religious people say how bad and evil video games are
however they had even taken the smallest amount of time to read summaries of the
game they would realize that the most games promote some of their morals such
as friendship love peace tolerance etc just it just proves that most of this
Most of the religious people in the media have blind, ignorant hate, which true Christians
would frown upon.
However, I would like to note that not all Christians are like this, and not all video
games deserve to be defended, such as games with blood, gore, dot dot dot, though this
is only my personal view, as I would rather play Animal Crossing than shoot someone and
laugh as their stomach explode.
Okay, again, I have a problem, and I'm sure the emailer didn't intend to do this, but
I have a problem with the generalization of religious people, because you can be religious
and not be a moron.
easily possible I have many I know that I know but I'm just I just wanted to
clarify as well but you know moving on moving on I'm sorry I was taking a
moment to savor my caffeine I do appreciate the perspective though he's
right you know because it makes me think of something and this has nothing to do
with games but TV so dark soccer just tune out for a minute there was this
show on TV recently called book of Daniel on NBC and it it got this huge
huge flack from, you know, just the bad apples of the religious world that said, you know,
it's sacrilegious and dah, dah, dah.
But if you actually took time to watch the show, you'd see that it actually, it portrayed
the flashes or whatever the guy was having of Jesus or whatever.
Jesus was portrayed in a very, you know, moral light and had these very profound and pro-religious
things to say that I thought were very provocative.
And you could tell that people that were campaigning against this show had never watched an episode
of it and just took what they saw at face value.
And the show got pulled and cancelled.
Yeah, I was going to say, it's funny you mentioned never watching the show because I think a
lot of people never watched the show and so it got cancelled.
So anyway, take that to video games and apply it.
Anyway.
It just goes to show the blind leading the, you know, brainless and blind.
I got an email from one of our listeners,
uh, Sithsmon.
Actually, three bits to bring up. I'll go ahead and, uh,
I'll paraphrase this a little bit, but I'll go ahead and read some of it. Interesting bit number one,
you can now listen to OLR and the other podcasts if you have a TiVo and broadband connection.
I heard about TiVo podcasts. That's so awesome. I would love to see
our show on TiVo. Like, take a picture of your TV and send it, because I want to frame it.
The article is located at publications.mediapost.com
The URL is really long, so I'll just say look for it there
He set OLR up and works great, even displays our logo on the TV
Sweet, that's awesome
Send us a picture, I want to see that. Yeah, I would really like to see a picture of that
I have TiVo knock off on my TV, I have Comcast
Not TiVo
Interesting bit number two, not sure if you mentioned this yet, recently PC Gamer
out that they will no longer use advertisements for items and gold farming services.
The article is at www.next-gen.biz.
Gamers that play MMOs just want to know what we think about that.
He says his opinion is that this is a great idea.
Not so much because it will put farmers out of business, but because it's a big statement
that gamers are getting really sick of these game-ruining services.
I heard about it, and I think we were considering it for inclusion in previous podcasts, but
we were out of time, and I support the move, you know, and I don't know, I guess that's
all I really have to say.
There's also the last thing is that last week I got an email from Sony asking me to participate
in a PSP beta for Seif and Fielder Dark Mirror.
Basically go to a site, fill out a form, and they mail you a UMD.
The catch?
up using the PSP browser and you need the newest firmware, 2.6. I hit up the site about
10 hours after I got the email and quickly got a message saying they already had all
the beta participants they needed. The beta is full less than a day after the email, WTF.
Couple things to touch on that. One, you didn't need the 2.6 firmware. You could spoof it
and it's no problem. Two, it's not going to really matter anymore, which we'll cover later.
Alright.
Well, what do you think about that? It was a very limited beta. Knowing that thousands
of gamers would try to update their PSP to 2.6 to sign up for a siphon filter game that's
a lot there was also another beta that's going on right now actually for pursuit force which
is going out to also people are members of the playstation.com of course they select
a few of them that participate so all right any other emails there is actually one more
Just because it needs to be said and also I do want to go in and thank Rob Way for the the
article about the
Game writing. Oh sweet from the first half of the show because he's the one who gave me that little bit of knowledge
One of our writers John Blanco said that he didn't get bored of Nintendogs just recently acquired
50,000 trainer points all dogs and interior decorations are now unlocked
mwahahahahaha that's a quote well go on with your bad self you rock and your bad
game hey I liked the puppies okay weren't you not here miklata when did
you come back just appeared suddenly well I appeared suddenly with Starbucks
oh yeah that's right that's how the coffee got my hand he appeared with
crack.
There you go.
Mm-hmm.
I'm almost out.
I'll have you know Taco.
But we remember what Foamy has to say about this.
Taco is in the to-be-sold pile for GameStop right now.
So is Ayn, Minchi, and my Dalmatian, who I forgot what I named.
Alright, so that's it for the emails?
Yep.
Send your emails to mailbag at orangelaunsradio.com and we try to read, we definitely read them
all, try to respond to them all, and read as many as we can in any given week.
So we love getting emails.
I've got a ton.
It inflates our egos and makes us feel loved.
I don't mind.
I will take the top six.
Alright, moving on, we're running way over tonight.
Our first thing went on for 90 minutes, we're going to try and lightning round through the
last few articles we have here tonight.
We've got a lot, but we still want to talk about stuff.
One person who we can't seem to avoid a story on every week is Yui Bol.
Loki, what the hell is he doing now?
more of what he's not doing. What he's not doing is working on Metal Gear Solid. So that's
always good. He says, look, I'm super busy right now. I can only do three movies in two
years. So earlier I said I could do Hitman or Metal Gear Solid before 2007. Not that
they would give you the rights to it anyways, you jackass. So, you know, he's not doing
it and his next piece of crap that's coming out is done or is in the name of
King dungeon sees movie better known as we ripped off Lord of the Rings for the
entire thing and it sucks look for that coming in November oh in two parts by
the way oh and what what's he made on a blood rain so far not jack $20 so you
know hopefully these these studios will learn so yeah I'm very happy to hear
about that so hooray and there is hope after all for the Metal Gear Solid movie
so you know actually I think I think that news just made it because no we're
on a little bit of delay on the stream here that news just made it over to our
chat room that's right all right moving on we talked a lot about DDR earlier in
the show West Virginia who knew that West Virginia still made the news once
in a while I'm teasing I'm teasing West Virginia actually they had a partnership
with Konami to put Dance Dance Revolution in 753 public schools that
will be all of them within the next three years it was a pilot project that
started last spring and they're actually going to incorporate it into schools I
think that's kind of interesting so and that's being helped funded by Konami as
well as you know all the usual grants and stuff so they're playing ultra mix I
don't know which one by now they're doing ultra yeah in the little of this
clip here you can see on yahoo news where I pulled it from actually this
particular one they're playing extreme well that's a lie when they actually
play it because it's ultra mix all right let's see why are they doing this here
health promotions manager Nydia Henderson manager for the public
employees insurance program says one out of three children born in West Virginia
today will have diabetes by the time they grow up this is devastating
statistic and not acceptable so essentially they're trying to make
fitness fun and get kids into it via DDR which I think is pretty awesome and to
make people not afraid of West Virginia. I remember what I said earlier about
obesity being basically pandemic you know I applaud their efforts in trying
to get kids active. I tried to be a little bit of a fly on the wall at
Konami's gamer day and I picked up a little interesting tidbit all I can say
is this won't be the last of it that you hear this won't be the last. You know a lot of
independent schools in California are doing the same just on their own just
buying the machine and making it part of their gym program.
Why can't I know this stuff and I work for Konami?
Because they keep you locked away in a cabinet, slaving away on...
Whatever game I'm on at the time.
I know, I can't say.
It doesn't matter, even if you did know it, you'd be under some sort of NDA, so...
At least I would know!
That's the important part.
That's pretty sad that a Konami employee is getting filled in here on our program.
Yeah.
I didn't get to go to Gamers' Day, even. I had to work.
You missed our whole coverage too, you were out at the coffee...
Starbucks, Gamers' Day coverage, come on.
Alright. Moving on, let's talk about another music-based game. This one is an MMO.
What the hell, Loki?
Yeah, it's actually, of course, yet another
great MMO coming from Koreans. It's actually called
Dance Audition, and it's
pretty sweet, really hard from what I hear, because I have yet to play it,
unfortunately. But basically it kind of resembles a Space Channel 5 type of game where you match
the movements on the screen. Choo! Choo! Choo! Anyways, so it includes, you know, they have
different things. It's also kind of got a little bit of ode to jam type of feel to it
where you can, you know, soup up your avatars with different items that you win by earning
credits and stuff and learn new moves, songs, etc.
If you want to check this out, they're actually doing a free beta on it right now.
It's au.bugsgames.net.
I want to say that was headlined on our site earlier this week, so it should have a link
there too.
orangehomesradio.com.
Much easier to remember.
Alright, now audition something that can be played worldwide, yes?
Yes.
So that would include our friends in the UK.
however you do want to have Internet Explorer for you know signing up on the
site and everything because it only works in Internet Explorer. Worst game ever. No love
for Firefox. Worst game ever. Alright anyway I was trying to do a segue into the UK
news that you completely interrupted so uh. Sorry. Dark Sakura. My segue's ruined.
UK news. What's up in the UK? Lots of stuff. First off there is a crash day demo
from Atari put out for PC PS2 and Xbox and the download is actually up on
Eurogamer if you go to their home page there's a link to the demo I love
Eurogamer but basically the game is a combination of racing stunts and big ol
weapons so you can make big I like the quote here big smashy messes and design
your own tracks demo includes a wrecking match event and a stunt show event and
And you can even try out the multiplayer mode via either LAN or internet.
You can only launch the demo 50 times though, so be warned.
The official release date is February 24th.
Also for our listeners in Australia, we never forget you guys.
The Xbox 360 has been delayed.
We have some in chat right now too, and it's gotta be a crazy hour over there right now,
so...
It's something in the morning, isn't it?
you early early birds in Australia tuning in love ya thank you for hanging
out with us and the console was supposed to launch on March 2nd the date has been
delayed to March 23rd Microsoft said that the slip-up was due to and I quote
unprecedented global consumer demand in short-term manufacturing issues due to
component shortages stemming from challenges in rampant supplies meaning
Also, according to Microsoft, the launch date ensures that the markets will have an adequate
supply of Xbox 360 consoles to meet demand at launch, so maybe they're trying to learn
from their little mess-up with us.
Just to clarify, Deke Mann, who's our friend down under in chat right now, says it's actually
only 3 p.m. over there, so that's not too bad.
They also though expect to sell between 4.5 million and 5.5 million units by July.
Also there was the mention too that demand is completely overpowering supply everywhere.
Microsoft said that they've lowered their 90 day sales forecast.
So yeah, they got a little bit ahead of themselves, huh?
Does everywhere not include Japan anymore?
Japan, they've only sold 100,000.
Yeah.
yeah that's not surprising also
you know I'm sure people who know me know I have a lot of love for SNK
I have a Neo Geo I have versions of
I have King of Fighters the fact that you bought a Neo Geo is hardcore right there
actually my my husband traded a Sega CD for it
and now we have another Sega CD
but this was a while back
Xbox
is getting KOF Neowave which is basically the same three on three
you know fighting team you have twelve three person teams you've also got
you know included are the women's teams with my King and Yuri
the Fatal Fury team with Terry Joe and Andy
you've got a tournament mode there's also three modes of play
I don't really get what these are they're super cancel guard break and max 2
excuse me, plus a new heat mode that lets you power up attacks in exchange for
gradual loss of health.
Also there's screenshots up on Eurogamer so you might want to check them out.
Also mention if you are a King of Fighters fan, King of Fighters
94 Rebound came out a couple weeks ago actually
for the Xbox as well. I've got KOF
95 on Saturn where you have
if you've got a US Saturn you have to do this thing where you put in your loading cart
change output in the RAM cart real quick. One of the, I think, three
Saturn games that runs on a RAM cart. Half the game is on cartridge, which doesn't
help the load time any anyway.
Um, also release dates. I actually have two sets of release dates.
Um, we have our, uh, UK release dates and Australian release dates.
So, let's go ahead and go through the rest of, uh, January, shall we?
Um, coming up on,
well, actually, what I have is already released, but these were the, uh, releases
as of the 27th.
was Big Mutha Truckers, Dead or Alive 4,
Torino 2006 Winter Olympics, World Poker Tour, Zathura,
also coming out early February. On the third,
Alien Hominid on GBA, Unk on PC, Chicken Shoot 2,
Day of Defeat, Devil Kings, Dragon Ball Z, Supersonic Warriors 2, and Rugby
Challenge 2006.
Also Scrabble Scramble, Sega Casino,
Sega's classic collection urban rain, and we love katamari
time
Also
releases coming up now these are just
What's coming up in February for?
Australia on Xbox 360 there is going to be the
Various Madden games need for speed most wanted which I I'm actually that games growing on me. It's a good game Ridge Racer 6
of course now these are from what I'm seeing with these dates though I don't
get why they're if the systems not being released until late March so they're
putting a February release date on them so ps2 first February we've got World
Series poker tie the Tasmanian tiger Sega classic collection on the second
February 6 we love katamari coming out on a gamecube 16th February of Italian
Wars that's the first one listed Xbox there's 2006 World Series poker Finding
Nemo jacked on the 10th and PSP we've got World Series poker's Tales of
Eternia coming out on February 9th also for Game Boy Advance again Tasmania
Tiger which I don't think I've ever heard of that series before and PC World
series poker and stubs the zombie all right anything else and I want a winning
lottery ticket don't we all does it matter if it's from the UK could you win
if you bottle I guess you could I'd like a job they didn't have the lottery
I don't know all right anyway moving on let's let's go over to Loki who has some
news about the PSP yeah actually earlier I was going to cover that they had
figured out how to load all homebrew for versions 2.01 and 2.5. They were 90% done earlier today
with getting 2.6 to work and apparently while we were doing this show they had already broke
the news that they've cracked, no, figured it out for 2.6. So now every version currently
of the PSP can run homebrew. Now these latest ones, everything from 2.01 up to 2.6 require
Grand Theft Auto using it, the glitch or hack that was with the save files to load an e-boot
loader.
And that's kind of how everything is working right now.
Some programs are working, some aren't.
So if you don't have Grand Theft Auto and aren't planning to get one, you probably should
not think twice about upgrading to 2.6.
However, new games that are coming out right now will require you to upgrade to 2.5 at
least, and some I hear are actually 2.6 now, so something to think about.
That's all late-breaking ass we're taping right now.
Yeah, pretty much, yeah.
So you can find that stuff on PSP updates.
Deepin pointed out that the 2.6 was done, so that was kind of cool.
Awesome.
All right, moving on, let's go to another topic here.
This is something completely different, you know, I like to browse the various gaming
websites out there, kind of seeing what's popular, and one of them I scan on a regular
basis is Joystiq. Joystiq had a story this week about a gallery of video game endings
and it's mostly for classic 8 and 16-bit game endings. You can actually check it out. It's
the Video Game Museum at VGmuseum.com and they mention in this story a lot of endings.
Sonic the Hedgehog, What Happens If You Never Were Able to Beat Strider, and of course games
that we all remember such as Metroid and things like that. I thought I'd bring that up here
in studio, what video game endings do you remember that are so memorable that you love?
Dark Sakura.
Ryu's ending on Super Street Fighter II with him just walking and the music playing.
Street Fighter II had some good endings, it did.
It was cool how every character kind of had a different one.
I remember how slow it was, you know Street Fighter Alpha 2 came out on the Super Nintendo.
Only cartridge I had played with loading time, excuse me, and it was like the scenery would
pop up.
Yeah, you kind of need them to play don't you but I actually got my first screenshots for my old website
Dark soccer is mostly evil shrine from the Super Nintendo. I think I've been to that website
That was still up. It's gone
Geo cities finally deleted it. You need to have a spin-off of orange. I've saved the pages. There you go
We should put it up for nostalgia value. We'll put it up. All right, it's with with its background MIDI's and all
Yeah, it was crappy. But I hand coded it. I hand coded my sites back then.
Other great endings. Loki, Miklotov, anything you want to add?
Personally, I liked the ending of Final Fantasy VIII. I don't know.
A lot of people didn't like that game. I thought it was pretty good.
The ending was cool with selfie and the camera.
Final Fantasy IX, though. That game sucked.
Miklotov?
Silent Hill 2. So sad and depressing. I loved it.
Which ending?
the one I consider to be the true ending the dog inning right
no believe ending yeah yeah the one I saw
the with the with the letter at the end yeah yeah that all
because there's also the I hate myself and when I went yeah
there's the one where he does die the one where other things happen
I don't do spoilers nevermind I
anything else you want to add there's a couple that writer mm-hmm
I have actually beaten Strider hardcore
any given Mega Man game. Yes. Especially two, I remember that.
Games I remember, especially from the 8-bit days, Super Mario Brothers 2,
the Dallas OMG it was all a dream thing.
Who can forget that one? Of course Metroid, classic there.
I think my favorite though would be Final Fantasy IV, Final Fantasy II on
Super Nintendo in the US.
Classic. I love it. I loved it. Someone, why are you shaking your hand at that?
I loved it. Because I just recently played it again on the Game Boy Advance.
And it was okay the one for Final Fantasy 6 was really good, but you have to wait for a shadow to live
Let's see I'm looking at the chat chat room over at orange launch radio.com click on chat and seeing what they're saying in here
PK Akira 88 says act razor
That's a good one
SSJ 100 Matt chrono trigger which anything and yeah
It's done follow that up with well. It has what like 25 endings
Let's see, and VXChase and XV says, stop spoiling Silent Hill 2.
Haha, whatever.
Actually, I have to say that my favorite of the Chrono Trigger endings is, okay,
after you have become sufficient enough level where you do New Game Plus,
and you beat the game immediately upon setting onto the teleporter,
you get the designer ending where they each leave you a comment
and one of the people you meet is Toriyama.
Wasn't one of the endings where the girls would rate the guys in the game?
I don't think I got that one. I did get the one where
They did something before they got frog in the party and frog ended up being
Marvel's ancestor and she started croaking. Yeah, that's such good ending. Let's see. I'm looking at some other ones here
We've got Dark Knight yelling for a Shenmue. No, cuz it's a horrible game
poof aces half-life 2 because the cliffhanger and
and let's see, somebody said, oh Pooface also said Halo 2 is the worst ending
MiniMe283 says Zelda Ocarina of Time
Yeah, that had a good ending. Good stuff, good stuff you guys
Alright, let's go ahead and move on again if you want to check out that website with
classic
not everything in there is considered classic so you may not find them all
VGMuseum.com though for the classic 8 and 16 bit ones
No, no, no, one more. What? The Guardian Legend. Shit yeah
Yeah
Loki what's going on with Street Fighter? We brought up Street Fighter in the ending stuff. What's going on with the Street Fighter now?
Well, as you remember
Was Street Fighter had a collection for it now, they have the Street Fighter alpha collection
Which is gonna feature all of these Street Fighter alpha games including
puzzle or not puzzle fighter super gem fighter
Which is gonna be pretty sweet as well
They're basically going to also have the survival mode as well as a dramatic battle which allows two-on-one tag team matches.
And I believe, I'm trying to remember if they added anything else in there.
I think overall it's going to be a pretty cool collection of games.
They've also got the Capcom Classic Collection coming out to the PSP pretty soon with a lot of cool games on there.
You know what you need to put on one of those anthologies? Cyberbots.
That would be interesting.
Alright, what's going on with Splinter Cell, Loki?
Splinter Cell? Well, Splinter Cell Essentials is still coming out in March.
However, Splinter Cell Double Agent is postponed to September.
Much like they did with Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter, they're tweaking the game to make
sure it's perfect, and they're worried right now that the installed base of Xbox 360 owners
might not be what they're hoping for if they release in March.
In other words, Microsoft hasn't sold enough systems to the United States yet.
So they are postponing it to September to make sure that they have enough systems out
there to make this game still like crazy, because it's going to be probably a must-have
game.
So, look forward in September.
A must-have game on the PSP in some folks' opinion is the new Katamari Damacy that's
going to be coming out on PSP.
For those of you guys that are looking for something in the meantime to hold you over,
Dark Sakura, do you have a little something, a little collector's item for Katamari Damacy?
Kind of?
They've made Katamari Damacy checks!
They are custom checks.
They are so cute.
I want some.
To pay the rent type checks?
Yes.
To pay the rent type checks.
They are custom checks that have, hello, I am a check, please cash me, lol, Katamari,
do your best.
Because they have these custom check making services, so somebody just created Katamari
checks?
I suppose so.
It says on there, there is a quote that says, I design them, when you spend money, people
should feel happy and also super lucky.
This is the most important thing to be contributing to the success for every special day. Do not chase waterfalls
PK Akira 88 in our chat room says now I can bounce a check in style. Yeah, you can
You can roll up overdraft fees to who knew that Katamari's bounced
All right, we're just got a couple more stories left for you guys
We are going to take just a couple quick skype line calls right after this so you can call us on our skype line
www.orangelaunchradio.com, click on interact with us, or you can also call us over the
regular telephone line, however, please remember it is not an 800 number, so if you're not
the person that owns the phone line, you need to get somebody's permission before you call
the number 916-226-9067.
Real quick, I got a story for you guys though, I know we're running a long time, but I just
want to bring this up real quick.
Another story coming out of West Virginia, a study by researchers at Wheeling Jesuit
University the story coming from Gama Sutra or Game Sutra I don't know however
you want to pronounce that I like Gama Sutra because it makes it sound dirty
it's a study called the effects of video game play types on pain threshold and
tolerance interesting the study compared several different genres of games and
their effects on pain they used action puzzle arcade fighting sports and boxing
games things that encourage high attention and stimulus the researchers
also measured the emotional response to each type. He concluded Dr. Brian
Radenbush, the director of undergraduate research, says physicians could possibly
implement this in their office to aid in distraction during a painful procedure
such as injection or dental work. Video games could also be used in waiting
rooms to distract patients from upcoming surgical procedures. This principle, by
the way, is one of the driving forces behind child's play, which we talked
about earlier in the program, the drive to donate games to Children's Hospital
awards very interesting there I'm assuming that the Nintendo DS version of
under the knife is not one of those games probably not probably not what do
you think is this is this legitimate I I've heard of this video games being
used in Dennis office before to distract people I think it's a great idea my
dentist has CNN and it's distracting enough you know to kind of keep my mind
off of this isn't new I remember being about 13 years old watching something on
on the news program where they were using light hypnosis
to uh...
have people go into a dental surgery without anesthesia
uh... they had like a track
they were actually testing it out with little children
having them follow it and saying hey
you know follow the rabbit with your eyes see where it ends up
by the time the light would hit the end of the track their surgery should be
done
interesting
I had a few things to follow up with, a few more stories real quick.
Just mainly Xbox Live stuff right now.
There's going to be an update to the Xbox Live for Call of Duty 2.
They're going to have a multiplayer update that's going to be happening I think Monday
or Tuesday.
And also there's going to be an update for the dashboard which was going to add that
feature for webcams and whatnot.
So that's going to be coming pretty soon here.
Also last week there was a couple things added to the Xbox Live Arcade, Marble Blast Ultra
brand new game coming out, it's kind of like your Marble Madness type of game.
And then of course the demo for Full Auto hit last week.
So if you don't have that yet, you need to download it, because it's awesome.
Alright, let's go over the Skype line and see what you guys want to add tonight.
Of course remember www.orangelaunchrater.com, click on interact with us and you can get
All the details on how to call us via the skype line such as this person is doing right now. Hello
You're on orange lounge radio. Hi. What's up? Hi. Who's this is Anna from Florida. Hello, Xander from Florida
Who's on a never-ending quest to save his girlfriend, right?
I'm just messing with you. What's up?
You forgot to mention Iko on the game endings. I know I saw you guys shouting that in chat and I totally forgot Iko
Okay, there you hit now you said it. There it is. I go. Yay. All right. Is that all you want to say?
I don't think so. Okay. Well, what else do you want to say then? We're running low on time. What's on your mind?
DDR supernova is underwhelming but was in the groove
Was waiting to bounce that can't we all just get along? Oh, oh
Oh, you know what? Haven't we done enough controversial topics on this show? Did you
have to delve into the DDR versus ITG thing? Come on. Can you agree that Pump It Up is
good though? Can you agree that Pump It Up is good? Yes. Okay, then we can talk about
that and be happy. But no ITG DDR. All right, Xander. Xander, I'm letting you go because
you're trying to start fights. But have a good one. Thanks for calling. I'm just joking
I know you are take care Xander
Okay, speaking of which pump it up zero ships the US arcades February 1st. Heck. Yeah, Dave and Busters. I gotta be there
Hello, you're on orange lounge radio
Hey, what's up? Hi
Hi
first-time caller, long-time listener, radio, whatever, am I breaking up to you guys?
You are breaking up a little bit, but go ahead and get your question out and we'll answer
it.
I have a question.
I think I can explain this video games, like taking away the pain, like that article you
guys are talking about on 1UP or whatever you found.
So when you're playing a video game, if you're focused enough on it, it has to be a certain
type of video game in which you're constantly focused or else you're going to lose.
Something like WarioWare would be most effective for it because the game completely changes
every five seconds.
If you're not totally focused on it, you're going to die.
And if you're focused on something else, then wow, we get some feedback here.
It's kind of distracting.
That's alright, that's alright, you are cracking up a little bit there, I gotta go ahead and
let you go buddy, but thanks for the call, appreciate it, and your perspective there
on the pain management story there, and talking about a game like WarioWare would be most
effective because it's, you know, kind of like in little, it really holds your attention
because you really have to pay attention to that game because it's throwing all these
random things at you, so that makes sense, and I think that's why they only use certain
types of games in the study too, to kind of show which ones would be the most effective,
and not Trauma Center under the knife,
because that would not be a good choice.
Ah, what are they doing to me?
Hahaha, alright, thank you guys so much
for your calls on Skype, we gotta keep it short tonight,
I'm very, very sorry, but we are like so out of time,
you guys, but we do have one more thing for you guys.
How could we forget our newest segment here
on Orange Lounge Radio?
Dark Sakura's Website of the Week.
["Dark Sakura"]
Dark Sakura, what's the website of the week this week?
The Oregon Trail Online.
I'm actually I'm wearing my you have died of dysentery shirt right now. I need a life journal like my dad saw it
It's cute
Just to read the first paragraph of this page
Remember the old Oregon Trail used to play as a kid
Well, we took the best part of the old Oregon Trail the hunting and turned it into the new age 3d hunting game
Our game is packed with squirrels deer and Buffalo the game contains changing scenery and moving clouds
There's even a trade function so you can purchase more bullets
this was made with
Macromedia director 10 the models are made using 3ds max 5.1. They actually put up all their stuff on there
Textures were done in photoshop 7
um
I I actually I think it's pretty cool that they put up what they did behind us
It's just you know for fans of the game
Honestly, I tried to play it and it was a little eh to me
But I still think the concept is cool
And i'm glad that someone has recognized the importance of oregon trail to our gaming heritage
This is located at Woz.comtechlab.msu.edu slash courses slash 447SP04 slash Oregon Trail.
Post that in chat and post it on the forum so our listeners can find it.
Good timing.
You timed that right at the end of the song.
I am so great radio high-five. Oh, right. I'm not a radio loser. We could we could do this for real
All right, that's it that's the end of show my gosh you guys we did I think about three hours worth the show tonight
Just under three hours worth the regular show. Oh
Busy show controversial show emails
But smoking is bad and I don't smoke. That's right. All right moving on
Let's go around and get everybody's final thought me Glattov. Thank you for being here
or at least the small portion of the show you were here.
I appreciate it.
You're welcome.
Your final thought?
I don't have one.
Loki, your final thought?
I gotta get home to watch some ripped copies
of the new family guy.
Hopefully a new family guy.
There better be a new family guy.
My final thought is,
what is up with those World of Warcraft style Google Maps?
Some people have way too much free time on their hands.
That was an article that did make the cut tonight,
but it's interesting.
We talked enough wow tonight.
Dark Sakura, your final thought.
I have to go home and doctor my resume
because I have an interview tomorrow.
Ooh, good luck with that.
And I'm a vegetarian now.
Warlord of the Universe is the position
you're applying for, or what?
You know, I've been doing this job already.
I may as well have the official title, you know?
All right, that's it, you guys.
Thanks so much for tuning in and listening to us this week,
and we'll be back next week.
Next week on the program, no special guests yet,
but we are trying to get someone on the show next week,
so I don't wanna say who just yet,
But we're trying to get someone very closely connected with the Silent Hill franchise.
We're excited to get that person on, so we'll see if we get that.
It's me!
No, it's not.
No, it's not.
All right, and that's it.
So stay tuned for that, and of course all the controversy and humor that you've come
to expect from your buddies here at Orange Lounge.
Until next week, have a good one!
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge Production.
See you next week!
