tonight January 15 2006 special guest the Duke from Freezepop will be joining us
EDR goes to the next level with supernova and talk on everything from
from edutainment to sex and video games.
The Orange Lounge Radio.
Good evening everybody.
Welcome to Orange Lounge Radio episode number 170
for this January the 15th of 2006.
That's right, it's our first show of the new format.
We've kinda taken our live show and our podcast
and sorta combined the two together.
So if you're wondering, hey wait a minute,
when the hell did things go from episode 54 to 170?
Well, that's because when we heard Orange on this Radio,
I've actually been doing a live program
for the past three years,
solely dedicated to music and rhythm games.
But tonight the shows come together for the first time
to allow our listeners to actually interact
with the program as well.
My name is Rob Roberts, you might know me as Sky.
Joining me as always, say hello to Dark Sakura.
How you doing?
Oh, what am I not doing?
Oh, how am I doing?
I'm sorry.
Fairly decent. Yeah fairly decent I can say good. All right. How you doing over there Loki our other co-host tech master
Loki I'm doing good. Good. Excellent and
since we have
Our live element now and one other thing we would usually do on our live program is we'd allow
some other folks to come in and sit in on the show and sort of have a
Fourth guest so to speak of sorts a fourth person
So we're pleased to have our very first guest of the new format an old favorite though
In fact, so old he's getting a little bit moldy. Say hello to
Shane also known as Miklotov. How you doing? I just got hit by a blue show
What do you what do you play? Are you playing Mario Kart during the show?
Yeah, all right for those that don't know Miklotov since he's you know
Kind of new to our podcast listeners Shane's an old friend of ours that actually now he works for Konami
me but with all those NDA's we're not allowed to say like what he does or what
he's doing or any of that stuff right if you look at instruction manuals for
games you can totally find out what I do and what I'm doing so all right just
just kind of look at there but it doesn't say me gla top right ultra mix
three does does it yes all right so can you tell us what you did for ultra mix
three or steps right steps so you so when people play DDR you you create the
steps they they dance to yes I do awesome all right well we are
interactive with our chat room and our skype line tonight www.orange lounge
radio.com click on interact with us to get more information on joining the
chat room remember since the show is podcast as well you guys really can't
interact with us if you're listening through the podcast stream that's just
incentive to be here on Sunday nights but of course you can always you know
drop in there because we have other live shows that go on throughout the week and
it's a good time so it is our first show I'm feeling a little good about this a
little bit of a little bit of a change going on here at the same time I'm a
little nervous but I'm hoping I'm hoping you guys like the change I'm feeling
good about the change though what do you guys know I'm just depressed as I can be
and my heart is broken I feel awful no I'm actually pretty happy with it a
piece of you has died inside my soul is dark and empty I think the biggest shock
will probably come to people to listen on the podcast because we had such a you
know like duh duh duh duh duh duh like we were always just like going down this
bullet list of things but now we have now we have a little time to relax
because we're gonna be two hours now so our podcast is broken up into sections
which means you'll get it two times throughout the week so you know twice
the orange lounge but we have a little more time to kick back and relax get the
full OLR experience exactly so let's um let's start it off let's go around how
we always see what used to start things off and talk about how our gaming weeks
have been going so uh dark sakura how's your gaming week been i'd have to say it's been pretty lame
why is that um i want to play this animal crossing just because i'm getting ready to
start my next semester next week god help me um that and i have a pretty nasty sinus infections
i've been getting motion sick every time i play anything even animal crossing doesn't that suck
how do you motion sick playing here to go oh my god fluid in my head something that you don't
really hear a lot about sometimes I mean we always see those warnings before we
start to play video games so we never really hear about a lot of experiences
so I am one of those people who gets motion stick playing first-person
shooters or watching them do you have you ever taken things to try it like you
know how like people get cars to take your I mean I mean is like it passed it
makes you pass out and it's really nasty stuff and not good for you at all I've
tried taking ginger before trying to play goldeneye back on the n64 right
Goldeneye is the first video game I have ever played that made me throw up.
That's that's hardcore though.
I watched I was watching Dan play it and I was I wanted to do the two-person
But also if the screen is split like that with the two-person mode, I can't do it even more even on like PSO
Sonic Adventure made me nauseous, but I love that game and I just sort of pushed through it
Yeah, I was gonna say these are above a point where you're just like screw it. I'll just get sick
just to play this game.
Katamari.
Katamari to mashi makes me very motion sick.
That's like how I get sick if I eat really spicy foods, but like once in a while it's
like, you know what, screw it.
I want Mongolian barbecue.
I want it all.
Well, I did actually start to put Beatmania in and then Dan got sick.
He turns into such a baby when he's sick.
But he's not motion sick.
He's like virus sick.
Yeah, he's got like the flu or something.
He's feeling better.
But I did play DDR at Fry's today, and that whatever ignition pad, fake pad thing they
have there is a piece of ass, as in a skanky piece of ass.
So it was like, right in the middle, you know where you stand, is where the left arrow was,
where the sensor had moved.
Well think about all those kids that sit around and play that, not really sit around, stomp
around like, you know, stomp, stomp, they're breaking that thing every five minutes.
I was like, come on, get me some DDR on, it's been a while, you know, I put in only, and
You know how I am on Only You.
I freakin' will combo that thing.
And I was like, oh, no left, I suck.
So I went and bought DVD-Rs.
Okay.
I was at Fry's.
For things.
Things of undisclosed.
Of undisclosed natures.
All right, I was at Fry's the other day, too.
It was a good time.
For those that don't know,
because you know we're like a worldwide show thing now,
I keep, it's like, whoa, I gotta keep.
We are international.
Fry's is like a huge electronics store
that exists out here,
So it's kind of like nerd heaven in many ways, but your pocketbooks burn when you go there.
And I shouldn't be giving them free advertising, but...
Well, I was actually hanging out with the fabulous Ms. Tia today.
Ah, yes.
Mr. Tia was on the last live show we did last week.
And she put up with me ogling over the 30-inch Mac displays.
Oh, $3,000!
I could build five computers for that!
But I have made the decision that once Dan and I have talked about it, I am going to
be making the jump to Macintosh in the next couple of months.
Loki, I know you've got an opinion on this.
I'm getting an Intel iMac.
I'm trying to start shit here.
Loki, what's your opinion on this?
Well, you know, some people drive a DeLorean 80 miles
an hour to go back to the past.
But hey, jump to a Mac.
That'll set you back a couple of years.
I'm sorry, what planet are you from?
You can address those cards and letters to Loki at Orange
I'm going to have a system that will run circles around your PC.
Wow, look at all that Mac gaming out there.
Wait, oh wait, I'm sorry.
Excuse me, I'm a graphic artist.
Hello?
I'm a graphic artist.
Well, I'm glad it can do something.
You are so full of shit.
I love getting to start off the new show with a good fight.
You know what, it's just because he's holding onto this antiquated idea that a Macintosh is for losers
losers when actually it is far superior to practically any PC and on top of that
I can install Windows on my damn Mac with my new with my new iMac if I want to
call it breathe in calm it calm down breathe in what is this Dell crap
popping up on my computer anymore alright alright anything else to share
about your gaming week I need some rope and a big stick and some fire I'm gonna
roast me a co-host. Loki, how was your gaming week? My gaming week was good. I
played a lot of Animal Crossing, just, I don't know, because I'm too lazy to set up
game systems to play any, you know, console systems or whatever. Then I
played a little bit of Call of Duty 2, more of the single-player and some of
the multiplayer, because it's just fun. But I did buy more games. I bought DOA4,
Haven't played that yet and I was trying to booby fight 2006 exactly
It says it has partial nudity in it, which is pretty sweet
Then it's very promising to have a game that has partial nudity and aren't some of those costumes
Just partial nudity on their own. I guess you know, it's kind of disappointing
I'm still waiting for Rumblerone's as XX, you know in a couple months that game's gonna be hot so hot
It's got bears in it bears in the hot broads fighting each other
that is what we need more of in this world anyways but uh I don't know I'm
just looking forward to like some of these new demos coming out and stuff
especially now that there's gonna be that Final Fantasy 11 beta that's gonna
be in the next official Xbox magazine so that should be coming out in a couple
weeks is that already out there because I'm looking on message boards and I've
seen and you know how like a lot of people are using their little Xbox
gamer cards and their signature now and you can see like the little boxes that
shown what what accomplishments they've gotten lately if you see those look at
what the stars that yeah
okay I saw somebody's on a random message word the other day cuz I work on
a lot of more
message words out there and somebody had like a play online square in there is
not a minute
well when did this happen when did the play online thing happen well
it might have already I'm not sure I haven't really looked to see if the
magazines are out there yet
I believe it was the 16th is when the official a new stand
okay well that would be tomorrow yeah well people get early still
Yeah, so I don't know, I guess the people that have subscriptions might have already
gotten them already.
I have a subscription, but you know how it takes eight weeks and all that kind of crap.
So yeah, I'm looking forward to that stuff, but right now I just haven't been playing
too much.
I want to really get back into playing more console games, and there are some games coming
out that I want to check out for like Playstation 2 and stuff, and I tried acquiring a game
for the PSP DJ Maxx that Beatmania Korean sim type thing but it's a little bigger than
my memory card so I actually remembered one more thing we were gonna break out the Turbo
Duo because I now have thanks to one of our good listening friends Space Fantasy Zone
It's not one of those games you kept saying you wanted?
It was a prototype, and I now have Space Fantasy Zone, and Emerald Dragon, which actually I
don't think I can play because I'd need to have an arcade card, which the duo never had.
It had, I think, up to the second card, so that means I actually have to find a duo or
our ex now to be able to play it.
Anything else in your gaming league, Logie?
Nope.
Move on or take over here?
Actually, my gaming league wasn't that exciting.
I haven't played a whole lot of new stuff.
I've been playing a lot of the same old stuff.
I mean, again, we don't really get free copies of games from people, so whenever any of us
talk about a new game we've played, most likely we have went out and bought it, if we didn't
borrow it from somebody or, I don't know, low-key hacked something.
But I know for me, I usually buy it.
I'd like to add, just real quick, since you mentioned buying games.
Because I have been the bee in a company that sells games, I can use them as tax write-offs.
I'm writing off $900 worth of games this year.
Lucky you.
it in all right so me I I've just been enjoying old games I've been joining
some of the greatest hits of 2005 I've been doing Animal Crossing and medio so
I was actually got back into medios again and and this dude over here in the
corner got me suckered back into World of Warcraft which I I was gonna cancel
my account and then Mikolaj was like no you should come play on this server now
I'm playing a horde character so it's it's interesting it's different than the
alliance. I'll tell you what I'll do. What? I will go ahead and renew my World of Warcraft
and I will play with you. Sweet! I'll make my zombie chick again. Sounds awesome. I'm
playing a troll. I'm playing on Bronzebeard, my zombies on Bronzebeard. I don't want to
say what server, but I'll let you know offline. I don't care because I haven't touched the
game in three months, but I'll play again if you're playing. Alright, we can work something
out. It'll be fun. So that's pretty much my gaming week. I've been driving around trying
to find an Xbox 360 like crazy and still even in this you know how long has it
been since Christmas like three weeks now two three weeks still cannot find an
Xbox 360 I've been using that Best Buy locator thing we talked about a couple
shows ago that you had in your live journal and I was just driving around a
random places you would think I would Target, Walmart, Circuit City I mean no
one shops at Circuit City anymore yet somebody's buying up all their Xbox 360
at least in this area nobody shops at Circuit City it's it's a ghost town all
the time, so. But no Xbox 360s. They told me they wouldn't have new one until February.
That could be about right.
I want to get my Geometry Wars on. This isn't fair. Damn you, Microsoft, for your supply
shortage stuff.
Well, here's the thing, and I was looking on Craigslist, and you know, their systems
are obviously being sold over retail, but now that they are more out there, they aren't
that expensive anymore. And like, for example, there'd be a core system and, or a premium
system in a game and it was they were selling it for like, I want to say it was
about $4.80 or something. It was like $20 more than it would have
normally been. So I refuse to pay a penny over what the store would charge me on
principle alone. I am not buying into that. When you think about tax it might actually come out to
being about the same. I still refuse. I refuse to support the black market of
Xbox is that I put my foot down no way it starts with me I and I urge everybody
out there do not support the Xbox 360 black market you are continuing to rob
people like me of an Xbox 360 because that's who's buying them as people who
wants to put them on eBay and not that I can it's harder for me to get upset at
the people that are buying them and putting them on eBay mostly because I
know some people doing it even though I told them you make me cry it's it's if
people weren't buying them and paying those hideous prices for them then there
would be no point to selling them so I blame the buyers before I blame the
sellers but the sellers are not you know free of blame here but I blame the
buyers primarily anyway so that's pretty much my gaming week is is angst full of
angst lack of Xbox 360 angst Miklotov since you're here tell us about your
gaming week well this week I finally passed 1,000 wins on Mario Kart DS right
on that's all we do at work on breaks let's play Mario Kart DS so it's pretty
nice other than that I sold Animal Crossing because I don't have time for
it because I have Mario Kart yeah because you're too busy with Mario Kart
yeah and I started playing World of Warcraft again and City of Heroes and
from fantasy 11
I'm a big nerd
That's all I do
Now the listeners would kick my ass because you work for Konami and I know you have all these non disclosure agreements and stuff
but I have to ask we're gonna talk about this a little more in depth later in the show, but
Surely you have something you can say on DDR supernova. It's totally a DDR game. That's for the arcades
Bet you didn't know that!
In other words, he ain't budgin'.
We're gonna have to get somebody from the higher ups in Konami and Guerrilla here on
this show to figure out the details on what's going on with Supernova.
We'll talk more about DDR Supernova.
I imagine most people, or a lot of people listening to this show probably started on
our music stuff so they know we're really excited.
You know there was a lot of interesting talk in like our forums and our LJ community, Live
Journal about isn't it ironic that the the week after Orange Lounge says we're
not gonna do the Bahmani stuff anymore suddenly do we've got a brand new DDR
game in arcades I don't it's not like we're gonna stop talking about Bahmani
and music based games at all cuz they're still really important obviously we
still really love them a lot we just don't want to only talk about that
anymore so anyway there is more to life than to DDR there is there is we're
gaming fans first music game fans second so that's that's an important thing to
remember anyway um before we get into tonight's news we want to say a big
special extra hugs and thank yous to MIDI head speaking of DDR MIDI had
created songs you know he's been a musician for a while and does stuff for
TV and movies it's pretty cool but he also did some songs that turn out in
DDR and some remixes. He also did our brand new intro you heard tonight. So that was very
nice of him to do that.
I like it a whole lot.
It was awesome. So if you want more information on his music, you like that little stuff we
had in the beginning. Midihead.com is his website with more information. So it's pretty
cool.
Anyway, let's get into some gaming news tonight. Loki, what's going on with the Xbox 360? Speaking
of how I can't find one, and they had these sales goals and all this stuff, what's up
with this?
First off, basically, it's just been a nightmare trying to find a 360 and that type of stuff,
but right now they've sold about 600,000 units in the United States.
Of course that's quite short to their original goal of 3 million in three months, being that
we're on month two here, and 600,000.
So yeah, they actually went back on their original announcement that they were going
to do 3 million and now have kind of updated that to 5.5 to 6 million units by June 30th.
So now it's kind of like, oh, we're just going to put the finish line further out there so
we can sell more.
I think the problem is are they going to make 3 million units in 90 years?
Are they even going to be able to produce them?
Well the problem was before and the whole thing that kind of delayed stuff was that
they ran into the problem of course with the overheating GPUs and that type of thing and
And because of that they've had to do more quality control and kind of just basically
slow down the whole process.
Now they've added another manufacturing plant and they've kind of ironed out this overheating
issue so hopefully they're going to be up to speed.
I still don't think they're going to make their goal though.
Not by a long shot.
So how many of these things have they actually sold since the launch?
As I said, 600,000 so far estimated.
Now there are other sources saying 1.3 million, I'm going to go with the 600,000 though.
Alright.
Lowball it, that way you don't get disappointed.
Exactly.
Alright.
Moving on in the news, you might have heard this week that Tetris DS was kind of a surprise
announcement.
Tetris is going to be coming out for the Nintendo DS.
It's going to be coming out at the end of March, and it's going to support up to 10
multiplayer if you're all in the same room for player Wi-Fi so that's still
kind of cool they're taking Tetris Wi-Fi and also they're gonna be
incorporating old 8-bit Nintendo classics into this somehow if you see
the early screenshots you can see like Mario Brothers and some things like that
in this early screenshot so it's very interesting because we don't know yet
exactly how that works but we assume it has something to do with maybe the
battle setup or something like that so I don't know if it's just me but I'm
really excited about this but of course I'm a big puzzle game whore to begin
with so finally having Tetris on the DS is pretty cool to me no I don't I don't
think it's good why because four player ruin Mario Kart online four player will
ruin Tetris wait wait wait this coming from the guy who just probably proclaimed
a thousand wins okay but that's not online online mode for Mario Kart DS is
really stupid because one it's hard to find four players sometimes and two if
somebody doesn't get first they turn off their system and so then you're down to
three or two or then just finally one I like the the wireless connection around
with the people near you but the online mode is just absolutely crap I actually
beg to differ I knew tons of people who played tetranet do we remember tetranet
that was exactly what I thought of when I saw this is I was like oh my gosh it's
tetranet with the item usage and everything it's not the fact that it's
online so that they're limiting it to four players. That's my problem.
But wasn't Tetranet 6 limited to six or four?
I wanna... it's been so long since I played Tetranet. I know it was more than four,
but I want to say it was like five or six was the most that you could have.
That's still not much more than four.
No. Well, Ru and Mario Kart, I just don't have high hopes for Tetris.
Well, wait a minute then. If you're into this local area gaming thing,
doesn't the 10 player...
Yeah, that's cool. That's cool. I'm just... I'm sad that Nintendo has to go and
either limitations on their software or whatever make it for players
if I just have bad experiences with Mario Kart online so
it's probably the network but do you think do you think Tetris is going to
suffer from the same problem where people turn off their ds's if they lose
too quick and then you have connection error probably you know there
are some people that are just that competitive
and if they lose they don't want it to count against their record haven't I
bought in this game before like six seven times already stop making
Tetris it was it's the same damn game they haven't improved anything at all
and it's it's almost the perfect game Tetris is like crack what are you gonna
get into a room with ten people wanting to play Tetris at the same time anime
conventions yes I guarantee that or no oh no get this you imagine being on an
airplane you're bored to death and random other people are playing Tetris
and you can play Tetris with them and then the plane crashes because you're
not supposed to play those wireless things actually yes you can oh yeah
that's right when you're in the air you can when you once you're in the air you
can do it that's right yeah it's totally true the fourth time I saw Brokeback
Mountain we took our DS's into in the theater and there are people playing
Mario Kart so we played Mario Kart during the previews with people in the
theater so Tetris really could work just randomly anywhere imagine like a big
sports game or a concert I bet it's the same deal
I've done pictochat standing in line. I've seen lots of people do that too
I mean it's crazy. The last time I did the massive pictochat where there was a lot of
other people was
E3. I did pictochat at E3 standing in the line to play
Nintendo. I was doing it in the line waiting to get in and I remember seeing
this
all these people writing on their pictochats OMG it's Gary Coleman OMG OMG
and then I look to my right and sure enough Gary Coleman standing like right
there I'm like oh
OMG it really is him. It's just kinda funny. I was doing picture chat and saw a familiar
name looked up and it was a
Sharks Girl. She was
in the other line next to me. Networking through Nintendo DS. Gotta love it.
I'm sorry but like they have the Tetris Grandmaster
or whatever ace that came out in the 360. It's one of the launch titles in Japan.
Lame. Lame. Yes, let's show our next-gen power by putting out Tetris.
Now wait a minute, though. Tetris also launched the Game Boy and was the launch title of the
most successful system of all time.
Okay, that's it. No more Tetris for any next-gen consoles ever. Sony, hear me out. No more
Tetris. No Tetris on your system. If they come up to you and say, we want to make Tetris
for your system, you say, no, I will not have this crap on my system.
More Tetris! Bring us Tengen Tetris!
Wait, remember the Tetris on the PlayStation?
It sucked, because they changed the formula.
Instead of just being the little blocks, they had the little guy that would climb on the blocks,
and, like, you weren't supposed to kill him or something.
It was so stupid!
That was what, Tetris Worlds?
I don't remember what it was. Tetris Suck, that's what I call it.
Who remembers Blastris?
Nobody.
With the Super Scope 6.
Oh, that one. The Super Scope 6 game, yeah, I remember that one.
I played the hell out of Blastress.
Who remembers Hatress?
I remember Hatress.
Word, dude.
Word-tress?
What about Tetrisphere?
That was awesome.
Tetris 2 Bomb Bliss?
Yeah, I remember that.
They all sucked compared to the original.
Hey, Tetrisphere was awesome.
It's all about cooperative mode on Tang and Tetris.
All right.
Tang and Tetris.
Now, Loki, I find it ironic that you're talking about Tetris on the Sony platform because
Didn't you say something to me before the show about Tetris being on the PSP?
What's this about?
Okay, well the first game, of course, that they're going to port using that stupid Grand
Theft Auto hack around, you know, is, you know...
No, wait, I don't know.
Tell me about the Grand Theft Auto hack.
Anyways, no, there is this Grand Theft Auto cheat device that was created by this guy
named, I believe it was Edson Carter or something like that, anyways, long story short, it's
this wonderful device that you can, you know, load all these cheats and basically a trainer
for Grand Theft Auto. Well, now they're using this to port homebrew to the PSP for firmwares
2.5, 2.6, and so on. So, actually, that's what they're doing. The first game that's
been released right now is Tetris for version 2.5 Y people, because it's a ridiculously
simple concept, but yet an addicting game that people want to play. Everybody. People
that don't play games play Tetris. You know what I mean? It's just like when I go around
at work and I'm watching unproductive people. What are they doing? They're playing Bejeweled.
They're playing those really simple games that you can get into. People that wouldn't
be the types that buy Xboxes or PS2s. They get on PopCap and play all those little...
Okay. Well, we have to thank, though, Edison Carter for creating the wonderful cheat device.
Now however, one of the things they have done beyond Tetris is they've released a software
development kit that they're using to pour other homebrew over, so you're going to see
a lot more stuff coming and possibly another downgrader later on.
Alright, well we'll see what happens.
Alright, let's shift gears here a little bit.
Some folks say that Tetris is a bit of an educational game in some ways because it's
a puzzle game.
You've got to think through it a little bit.
Jamie, you're making a face.
Why are you making a face?
Tetris is educational, my butt!
Tetris is educational, my butt!
It's a thinking game!
It's the kind of game that your teachers don't get mad you're playing.
Tetris is a game of instinct.
Uh-uh.
You get up to like...
I would play Tetris from like 1 to 18 to 20.
Dr. Mario is the same damn way.
It's thinking fast and instinct.
It's speed thoughts.
Speed practice.
When I was in junior high school,
The only, we used to sometimes, because we were such nerds, we would break in our science
teacher's classroom and play on the computers, and the only times that we would get our teacher
in on it is when we were playing Tetris or Scorched Earth.
You know, I had, when I was in the writing class I had to take in college, we actually
had those old Macs, like the, not the two E's, but you know what I mean, the old box
crap ones and my friend installed Tetris on hers during class and I was playing
Doom in black and white on a Mac all right anyway education yes well there's
a little article up on 1up.com called you can't be serious five famous
designers rehabilitate the world's most boring games but I thought wouldn't it
be more interesting since we are actually more celebrity than those
losers. Wow! Wow, I see the hate mail coming in already. No, no, no, no, no, I'm joking.
I have friends over there, be careful. There's some pretty cool people involved in that,
like they got some of the folks who worked on Ratchet and Clank and different people,
but I think we should do our take on it. Okay, give me an example. First game, Virtual Leader.
It works as a staff meeting without donuts, but it teaches managers how to, I like this,
I'm gonna quote this how to squash the hopes and dreams of worker bees, but actually you learn how to keep them productive
It's sort of I like the comparison the sims meet office space. I
So in the sense that what this article has is it's got famous game designers saying this is an edutainment game
They're obvious. This is how we would remake it
I I think there should be because you know what high school isn't just about learning like book learning
It's about social learning too. So I think there should be a game called
called, um, um, Murder the Bully. No, I'm just teasing, don't do that kids, please don't,
but...
Well, um, it says in here, though, to rehabilitate this one, this is by Ted Price, who's the,
uh, president, uh, of Insomniac, who did Wretched and Clank. Um, said first all the employees
in the games would be armed, concealed or visible, and then have full body armor, and
you can, like, shoot your boss for yelling at you, I think. Uh, you know, each employee
should have a unique psychosis I think that would be cool but my take on that
would be you would have like your mole employee who's actually working for
another company working on a hostile takeover and by hostile I mean bazookas
okay I got a great game based on an earlier job I had this is my game this
is my adventure of a game okay it's called data entry monkey the game okay
and what you have to do is you have to turn on your let's say it's for Xbox
because Xboxes have a clock in it I know that so let's say that you turn on your
Xbox and you have to be in by eight o'clock or the Xbox yells at you and
threatens to fire you okay and then what happens is that a sequence of like up
down left right and ABYX come up on the screen and you have to punch them in
with 98% accuracy for eight freaking hours with 30-minute lunch and two
15-minute breaks and then when it's done that's it end of game and it prepares
you for your first office job of data entry monkey there actually is a yahoo
game where you serve customers and take orders really like root beer times I
seen I've watched iguana girl playing this she's amazingly good at it but the
next game come is called a force more powerful which is a pacifist game it's
an anti-war game where you have military situations come up and you have to find
a non-violent solution to them.
That right away just sounds really boring because, you know, the whole world just wants
to blow the crap out of each other.
So there's a, they talk in here about having a, it's by the manager who oversaw Perfect
Dark Zero, which I find this hilarious.
I'm curious what you guys in chat, who are listening to us live, what did you guys think
in chat room now?
I want to hear some good ideas.
www.orangeloungeradio.com
It's the first show people. Click on interact with us.
It's not the first show, this is number 170. Yeah, but I keep
blaming it on the first show thing.
But is it like doing a country simulator with
intelligent AIs that you have to convince them? I think the game's already been done.
You know, isn't that like Actraiser or some shit?
Maybe, I'm not sure. But, you know, the way I would do that is I would just not,
You know, I would not make a game out of that. I would actually do it in real life
The only way to go outside the game
Exactly go outside the game be active in react in real life and stop pretending
But I don't I don't think that would be very good game at all
We have some feedback in the chat room from Tomo kun
There was a game at the McDonald's website where you went through a day at work
Just clicking over and over and producing Big Macs. I saw that a couple years ago
Yeah, but does the game shoot hot grease at you so you can really get the full experience
of what it's like?
I don't think so.
It glamorizes it.
Does it not, you know, um, penalize you for making really bad burgers or messing up completely?
Oh, I forgot the patty!
That's okay.
Close enough.
Another game on here is called Virtual You, and I'll just go ahead and read this.
Um, basically you have to either, you know, keep your professors happy and keep the football
team off steroids and keep the you know the frat boy issues from happening you
know like hazing and stuff so you are being a university administrator and
teaching you the administrative process if they wanted that to be really
realistic though the educators would have to be on both like some type of
like coffee and then lots of booze and be highly alcoholic and have an ulcer
They should actually have a school administrator health where you have to
monitor your vitals and manage the school while keeping yourself from dying.
Is that like trauma center? I don't know. Anyway, well it'll be interesting to see
what kind of edutainment titles appear from maybe some of these minds or other
people in the next few years. I'm kind of curious really quick though, what
would you say were some educational games? On a serious note, educational games
that had a long-lasting impact on you like ones that you remember and I'm
gonna get one right here because I know we'd all say it the Oregon Trail right
we all remember the Oregon Trail you lived out of dysentery exactly that you
cannot for the river no matter how hard you try or somebody's gonna drown what
are some games you remember from edutainment days where in the world is
Carmen Sandiego which I was always really good at that because I just was
good at history and actually where in time was mine where in time was my
freaking game cuz I caught Carmen Sandiego.
I had to play on the slower sk- I- I- I did, uh, Where in the USA. I had to keep it local.
A- A Number of Munchers was the one I remember.
Remember Number of Munchers? Mario was missing. Remember how people thought that was actually a
Mario game?
I rented it one time. It had really good music. I had the MP3.
Well, you know- you know what the one good thing about that game was, though, is that it was
basically all of the Super Nintendo graphics on a Nintendo.
from Mario World. I remember that. And it looked really good. I was like, they put this
effort into this game? Excuse me? I remember that.
I remember that. Alright, well, moving on. Oh, actually another educational game. Sure, what?
Ridge Racer.
How is that educational? It taught me how to drive. I'm serious!
That's, that's like how my mom said everything I needed to learn about the
birds and the bees, so to speak. I learned from married with children.
Now, Jamie, you have a follow-up story here about teachers in the UK supporting games
in education?
Right, there's a project called Teaching with Games, EA and Nesta Future Labs, excuse me
if I can breathe today, revealed that 60% of UK educators are supporting using video
games in education. There's a survey that was conducted in November that covered a
thousand primary and secondary school teachers in the UK and of the 59% who
considered using games in education, 53% confirmed they would do so because they
are an interactive way of motivating and engaging pupils. 91% believed that
playing the games could develop children's motor cognitive skills. Over
60% thought that players would develop their higher-order thinking and would also acquire
topic-specific knowledge.
Now I actually, about two months ago, brought up an article I read in one of the psychology
journals that I occasionally read, because I'm a nerd, that was talking about how they
actually did lab study tests with control groups to pit the cognitive function of gamers
versus non-gamers, and that the gamers came up higher in almost anything having to do
with a reactive cognitive type of activity.
So in other words, when we tell our parents that we're working on our hand-eye coordination,
we ain't shittin' ya.
It's actually true.
I mean, cause the thing is, especially since there are so many different types of games,
you have your puzzle games that basically are teaching you spatial relations right then,
and they're Tetris, okay?
Back to Tetris.
You have your games that are teaching you how to basically come to a conclusion, the
logic process.
You have your games that are teaching you basically how a sport will go or teaching
you how to play a game.
You understand more of the mechanics behind some of these things, especially with as interactive
as sports games are becoming.
You really have to know quite a bit.
And I think that, I think it's actually really terrific and I wish that, you know, instead
of our, you know, nemesis Mr. Thompson going around saying that games are teaching people
how to kill.
We're so-
What was the word this week?
Masturbatory exercise or something?
I'm trying not to be foul-mouthed in this episode.
Yeah, don't get us that explicit tag on iTunes, please.
But...
Screw him.
Alright.
screw him all right um no I take that back because no one would want to they'd
be afraid all right okay back back to the good stuff back to the good stuff I
do though think that a lot with these people who may say games so much are
overlooking the amount of good that there is and all that you know I agree
I agree do you think it's realistic that someday in PE class we could have like
video games that supplement the games we're about to play?
Schools in Southern California have DDR as part of their gym program.
Do you think like before we go out and play football for real, maybe learn a little bit
about the strategy in Madden, possibly?
You have to decide your plays, but that's been there since Tech Mobile.
True.
All right, let's change gears here a little bit.
Very interesting discussion there on education.
If you all ever have any feedback, togo at orangelawandtrader.com is the place to send
us some emails.
the mailbag a little bit later in the show but first we got the Duke from
Freeze Pop waiting so we want to get to him but we got a couple stories first so
Loki, what's going on with DirecTV on the Xbox 360?
Well, the 360 of course they wanted to be the entertainment console for you
and basically all-encompassing and everything.
Which I think everybody wants in this next gen of game.
I want some for $400 seriously but what they're doing right now
DirectTV has actually announced that they are planning to bring their service to digital
televisions via PC's and the Xbox 360 system.
This will basically make it a lot easier to turn PC's into DVR's as well as making the
Xbox 360 awesome, because now we can record TV to it.
How this is going to be implemented, I don't know, but it sounds cool.
I'm all for it.
It's interesting.
Okay, why not?
Why not?
I mean, you've got a hard drive in there, granted it's not big.
I guess anything to reach out to get that Xbox 360 to be the centerpiece in your living
room was a good idea for Microsoft, right?
It's great that they're adding all this extra functionality to it.
Just when are they going to start making better games?
So I thought it was a gaming system.
One thing, though, that you will not be watching on DirecTV is Judgment Day, right, Loki?
Yeah, Judgment Day is gone, yet another show that bites the dust on G4 TV.
Judgment Day is the one with Tommy Tallarico and Victor Lucas, right, doing a little, like,
you know, I like this game and I don't like this game.
Well the thing is, and I'm not sure, I'm guessing just G4 canceled it because it's one of the
shows that...
Well, because they don't like gaming anymore, except for X-Lay.
Yeah, exactly.
One of the things is, basically the show will still kind of exist in this, it's an ongoing
show they have, they do three shows, Electric Playground, Reviews on the Run, and then Judgment
Day, Judgment Day being gone, but Reviews on the Run is kind of very similar to Judgment
Day anyway, so, you know, it's not really gone.
Of course Reviews on the Run, you're not going to see it if you're in the United States,
they don't play it in the United States on G4 or anything like that.
I'm surprised these guys haven't gotten into the world of video podcasting yet with their stuff.
Well, I'm not sure if... I mean, they're still doing Electric Playground, so...
Take X-Play on, head-to-head! Although I prefer X-Play, personally, because it's funny, but...
Electric Playground's still an okay show, but you know what?
That's okay, I like it. You know what? They cancel one show, it's so easy to cancel another one, so...
You know, I'm sure they'll just replace it with reruns of Thunder in Paradise or something like that.
I'm going to be nice. I'm going to be nice.
Coming to G4 TV, Paradise Hotel Radio.
Because I guarantee you I have some pretty choice things to say about G4, so I'm going to be nice and not say it.
If you can't say something nice, then shut up.
There you go.
Alright, anyway.
Tonight on Orange Lounge Radio, we are welcoming a very special guest.
I remember the first time I played the music game Frequency, and we played the song Science Genius Girl by the band Freezepop.
I totally fell in love with its synth sounds and 80's hook.
I wasn't alone.
I would say all of us here at Orange Lounge Radio, along with many of you out there in
the gaming world, demanded more freeze pop.
Thanks to a relationship with the gaming group Harmonics, freeze pop continued to rock us
with songs in Amplitude, Karaoke Revolution, and now recently crossed over into mainstream
hits such as Dance Dance Revolution and Guitar Hero.
Now Jamie, I know you are the queen of Orange Lounge Radio, but what do you think?
Should we invite some other royalty here on the show?
Sure.
Like the Duke from the band Freeze Pop?
Cool.
All right, please help me welcome to Orange Lounge Radio, the Duke from Freezepop.
How you doing?
Great.
How's everybody out there doing?
Pretty good.
We're pretty excited here because we're having our brand new format tonight.
It's a pretty big week for us.
Great.
Now, I know you've been kind of doing a little bit of touring with Freezepop lately.
You guys were at the GAME Festival in San Francisco.
How did that go?
That was pretty fun.
We were out there just because the game developers conference was happening at that same time
and so there's a bunch of video game related events out there and we wanted to play a show
and we also played at the gang awards, which is the game audio network guild and at the
game event at the Metreon.
It was a lot of fun.
Awesome.
So it sounds like you guys do a lot of video game related events.
Anything coming up?
Actually nothing really tied to that.
just like little one-off shows and weekends here in the US and then weíre going back
over to England in April for a weekend with the show, so that should be fun.
If people want to check out your upcoming tour dates, they can always visit your website
or your MySpace, right?
Yes, definitely.
Our website is usually the most up-to-date and thatís just freezepop.com, so thatís
right there on our news page.
You mentioned there that you do a lot of work with these video game award shows and stuff.
Of course, I think the way most people know about you guys is that your long-standing
working relationship with harmonics, because seeing a synth band in Guitar Hero was a bit
of a surprise, but not to anyone that played Amplitude or Frequency or any of those games.
How did your relationship with harmonics begin?
Do you want the real truth or do you want the fake story?
We want the real deal here.
The real deal is I work there.
Wow!
Okay.
Okay.
What's the fake story, just out of curiosity?
I don't work there.
Okay.
Okay.
Well, now, because you are working at Harmonix, Freezepop is not the only name you've done
contributions under, right?
No, that's true.
For both frequency and amplitude, I was initially hired there basically just as an audio authoring
person songwriter
and uh... we knew that uh... we want to be able to get enough artists for the
game to especially fill out a bunch of sub-genres that we really wanted to have
in the game
and so my job is basically to um...
how to come up with all the different fault that kind of covered his honors
we didn't have like synth-pop, drum and bass
electro, techno, trance
like those kind of genres. So I wrote a lot of music under kind of a
some fake names for those different genres of music
but it ended up working out really well because Freezepop has kind of taken off, right?
Freezepop has gotten a lot of fans from video games.
There's no denying that we basically reached a whole group of people that probably would
never have heard of us if not through the games.
That's awesome.
This relationship that you have with Harmonix hasn't really gone unnoticed in the larger
video game scene because you guys have contributed to this latest music game that came out this
this fall, DDR UltraMix III.
Is it true that you actually worked on a lot of the background music and ambient music
in the game?
Is that true?
Yes, actually it was kind of a fun opportunity.
I had been trying to get some free spot music into a DDR game for a while, and Harmonics
has a long-standing relationship with Konami because we've made the Karaoke Revolution
games for them, which there are now four of them out there.
I think Science Genius Girls' freeze-pop song was in the first Karaoke Revolution.
Douglas Goldstein, CFP®, is the director of Profile Investment Services and the host of
So how did this relationship with Karaoke Revolution turn into being a part of Ultramix
3?
Well, it was basically like any industry, based on who you know.
The people who helped the Karaoke Revolution thing finally helped me get in contact with
the right people at Konami, and I got some music to them and started talking to them.
They were excited about either putting an exclusive freeze-pop song or a remix.
we couldn't figure out like what relationship or how we were going to spin things and so
we kind of agreed that they really liked the song Stake Out and I kind of wanted to get
them something exclusive that nobody else had and so I made the remix for them which
I think you'll probably hear a little bit later on and then they approached me and said
oh you know we really like your sound but kind of like the sound of the game is supposed
to be really like bubbly and blippy and synth-poppy and we like the sound of freeze-pop do you
You want to write some of the option screen music, and that's how it just kind of randomly
happens.
Awesome. Well, let's take a moment to hear from DDR UltraMix III, Stakeout, the UltraMix, here on Orange Lounge Radio.
I think I'm ready
Not feeling it, feeling it
I need my time
Yeah, I know that comes to me all
Can't let you see me Can't let you see me
All right, now the video for Stakeout, the UltraMix, is kind of very interesting as well.
It's kind of like a flash animation video.
How did the video come about for that song?
That was actually done by our singer, Liz Enthusiasm, whose alter ego is actually as
a web designer, an animator, and kind of like an all-around design guru.
And she, a couple years ago, when Flash started to become really popular, just wanted to check
it out.
And I think she felt a good way to kind of get into using the program was to make some
videos for us.
So she made a video for our song, Freeze Pop Forever, and then she also made the Stakeout
video for us.
Awesome.
Well, the video turned out really well, so pass on our compliments to her.
It's great.
It's pretty fun to have animated cartoon versions of you.
Is staying in touch with a video game and gamer scene important to you guys as a band?
As Freezepop continues to get bigger and bigger, are you still going to be contributing to
video game projects?
I sure hope so.
I'd love to stay as close to that community as possible.
The kids are really fun, and it's such a wide group.
I mean, it's not just, like, you know, 14-year-old boys.
We get people coming to our concert, and instead of bringing CDs to sign, they'll bring, like,
copies of Amplitude, or maybe they'll bring copies of Guitar Hero now.
We played a show in Portland last fall, and this guy brought his PlayStation 2 and had
us autograph his PlayStation 2, which was kind of surreal.
That's awesome.
and uh... yeah i hope we get to play a lot a lot of shows that kind of appeal
to the gaming community
uh... there's a bunch of other band out there that are also kind of video game
related like eight bit weapon
and uh... it's really fun to play with them and um... kind of just
you know it
our fans who are
uh... more like
got a good musically than find out that they can play video games with the
video game people then find out we have like CDs and play shows and
so it's definitely a lot of fun all around
You guys should hook up with 8Bit Weapon and these other bands that create the video game-centric
music and do a game of Palooza over the summer.
That would be awesome.
That would be pretty amazing.
It might be a little bit of a logistical problem.
All of us bands are pretty up-and-coming and very DIY, and we don't have labels, we don't
have managers, we don't have booking agents, so we kind of do it ourselves.
It's sometimes a little bit of a logistical problem to get everybody to all show up in
the same cities all at once, but it certainly would be fun.
A lot of you guys probably have day jobs like we do here at Orange Lounge Radio, too.
That sometimes gets in the way of being fabulous international rock stars.
We've actually heard, because we do a lot of coverage of music-centric video games here
on Orange Lounge, we heard of you guys being involved with a new dance game called Neon
FM.
What are you guys exactly contributing to this project?
Just some music?
Well, that's kind of confusing, and I don't know how much I should comment on it.
I'm friends with the two guys, the two Ericks, who kind of have set the game up, and honestly,
I don't even know what the status of the game is right now.
Neither do we.
That's why…
Say again?
Every time I talk to him, we actually got a chance to meet them finally.
They drove up to see a show in Pittsburgh last fall, so we got a chance to hang out
with them.
It was really cool.
I know they had some ups and downs with the games, and it would be really great for the
games to come out, but honestly, I don't know a whole lot of information about it.
We were excited to put a couple of songs in the games, and then we pulled one out, but
We were going to write an exclusive song for the game, and I guess we're just kind of waiting
to hear if it actually comes out, but we would love to contribute songs to it because letting
people dance to our music is always fun entertainment.
It would be great to just see a new dance game come out in the arcades too, something
to kind of bring some energy back to the arcades because the arcade scene has been lacking.
More people come out with awesome rhythm action games, dance games, and music games.
It just uses a whole new energy, and you get to see how other game companies approach dealing
with the subject matter, what music they choose, and all that kind of thing.
It's definitely good to have lots of people who have got their fingers into the mix and
stuff.
It'll be really exciting to see them get that game out there in the arcades.
Absolutely.
Are there any other upcoming projects that you can speak about possibly?
Armonix is definitely working on some new game ideas, unfortunately I can't really
talk about them.
Of course, we've got some amazing buzz coming off of the Guitar Hero game and it was really
actually pretty exciting to get a freeze-pop song on there considering that we don't
actually have any real instruments in our band at all, but we're working on some interesting
games and I think there might be some surprises in the future with what we come up with.
You bring up a good point though.
How did you manage to get a song in Guitar Hero when you guys don't really use guitars
in a lot of your music?
Did you write a song specifically with guitars in mind or how did that work?
Fortunately, we actually had a song that was all about rocking even though we don't really
rock because we have no drummers or guitar players or anything like that.
You can still rock without guitars and drums, I think.
yeah it was the proper first album in it you know it's kind of funny because
there's kind of a rip off of iron man at the end of the song and so when like
the game kind of got underway and they were figuring out how to deal with all
the kind of the unlock songs and they were really supportive about going to a
bunch of local boston bands a bunch of different harmonic employees all put
songs in the game and so i you know i think the president of harmonica
like you got to be able to put a song in the game even if you have no guitar in it at all
I think it would be super funny to have you guys in the game and I kind of thought about
it I knew which song I wanted to put in because it had to be a song about you know rocking
out and uh but I was kind of debating for a long time whether or not there should be
guitar or no guitar and would it be funnier to play a synthesizer part on the guitar or
but ultimately I went with uh putting a guitar part on there and I had um a long time friend
Izzy Maxwell, who has actually done some remixes for Freeze Pop and he is a really shredding
guitar player.
So I kind of said, ìIzzy, I need you to record a screaming metal guitar part over this and
he kind of just went to town.î I think he created actually a really fun guitar part
to play in the game.
Well, I'm kind of wondering, obviously Guitar Hero, lots and lots of people are buying this
game.
It's doing very well and critically it's doing well.
I think it's a given that there's got to be a sequel in the works, whether you can say
anything about it or not.
Do you think Freeze Pop will be involved with the sequel as well?
Oh, man.
If there's a sequel, we've got to come up with.
The thing is, we don't even have a song we could use.
We may have to write a sequel song to get ready to rock.
it's like
we got ready but now we're rocking
but something like that
not sure what's going to happen but then you know it's always exciting to um...
to see you know if the game is appropriate for putting one of our songs
on there even if it's kind of a stretch
art you know there were some reviews for guitar hero with people who
were really surprised we got a song on there and
and kind of almost gave the game extra kudos for kind of going out on a whim
and putting a
almost an inappropriate song into a guitar game.
It worked out beautifully and I think it pleases the long-time fans of Freezepop via Harmonix
and I think the folks who were playing Guitar Hero and had never heard of you guys probably
had a chance to rock out to the song as well.
Weíre already starting to get some emails from some fans who are like, ìIíve never
heard of you guys and I saw you in the gameî and then you go to your website and they figure
out who you are and they decide whether or not you think you're a complete idiot or
they like your music.
We get our little share hate mail which is kind of interesting.
It's kind of fun.
It's exciting to know that you impacted somebody whether or not you totally rocked
their world or you made them completely hate you.
I mean at least you made an impression on them.
Mike Stowe We get the hate mail too here at Orange Lounge
once in a while.
It's kind of interesting to think that what you did motivated somebody to sit down and
actually ride out you know dear orange lounger in your kid your fry i hate you
yeah it's going to get a little something a little nasty although the
more inventive the hate mail but the more excited i get we had a fair one
from
email up some pictures
where he had taken one of our cdc he
he smashed it up into a billion pieces and
and then he ate a popsicle
and he spit popsicle juice all over the artwork in the cdc
He took pictures of us and e-mailed them to us, and I was excited because he created a
piece of art himself, and so every now and then when we get a new piece of anti-freeze
pop e-mail, I forwarded them that e-mail and asked them to maybe try a little bit harder
next time.
That doesn't make them super happy either, but you know what can you do?
I have to ask all of our guests on the show this question, what are some of your favorite
games to play outside of these music games we've been talking about earlier?
I'm definitely an old school person, old 8-bit Atari 2600 games are still my favorite.
The thing about games where you have to invest incredible amounts of time to beat the game
is a little bit frustrating to me.
mike's my interaction with games is definitely more of a cover
a transitional short time experience and quite a bit to sit down
play a couple of levels of something and feel but don't feel bad when i want to
like you know
not sit there for like ten hours or have to come back to a day after day
but i definitely had no big fans of like dollars revenge and sub hunt and
it kind of old a pic games i think you know i can do a game
uh... i play a lot and just kind of see what people do a lot
I worked for a race car driving video game company for a while, so I really got into
NASCAR games and race car games and stuff, which is pretty random, but I like to check
those out.
We just got a 360 at Harmonics, we've been checking out the new racing games and stuff
like that.
I'm not sure, obviously I'm a huge fan of the games inside the genre, Rez was a huge
game for me, and like, Vib-Ribbon, and um, uh...
Now that's great you named Vib-Ribbon because that game didn't even come out in this country,
and we know that game, that's an awesome game.
Yeah, we have some Japanese PS2s, and we're big fans of a lot of the Japanese games. You
know, the guy who came up with Vib-Ribbon, and you know, Unjammer Lambie, and those games
are really super fun to play.
Guitar Man is kind of interesting, definitely check that out.
Itís a difficult game, thatís for certain.
You know, Iím a big fan of Katamari Damacy.
Those games that are kind of quirky and left of center are some of my favorite ones.
It sounds like we have a lot of the same tastes in games.
Those are games weíre always talking about on here, so thatís awesome.
So thatís about all I wanted to ask you game-wise, but I want to give you a chance to plug any
albums or tour dates youíve got coming up that you want to tell our listeners about.
Hereís your chance.
Well, letís see.
If things are kind of quiet, weíre working on a new FreezePop album, and itís well underway.
We donít know when itís going to be done, but definitely pay attention to our website,
Weíre playing a bunch of shows in March and April.
Weíre going to be in Ohio and Indiana and I think weíre going to go up to Chicago in
March and then weíll be over in England to play in London and Leeds and a couple of cities
over there at the end of April.
Definitely just pay attention to our website because weíll probably be out on the West
Coast as well, maybe like in the fall and hopefully weíll have a new album, so there
you go.
Awesome.
All right, so freezepop.com to stay in tune with all the latest information, whatís going
on with FreezePop.
Yeah, weíre on MySpace too, so come and be our friend there as well.
All right, awesome.
So, Kassen aka The Duke from FreezePop, thank you so much for being on Orange Lounge Radio
and spending time with us this week.
Oh, itís super fun.
Thanks for having me.
All right, no problem.
That was very, very cool, especially the VIB ribbon mention, because Iím like, ìVib ribbon!î
Does that guy know how to rock, or what?
is now my second favorite band. Next to Gorillaz? Next to Gorillaz. They even have
surpassed Pain and that, because you know we all know Pain is good, freeze
pop yay. I totally blanked and forgot to ask about Supernova and the chat room
hates me for it I know but I totally didn't even think to ask about
Supernova but we'll talk about Supernova in the next hour but anyway. You know I'm
glad he has a lot of common interests you know in types of games that he plays
and stuff but I still don't like their music you can just die why I just I
really don't like them I mean they're probably a really cool band but nothing
I've heard so far I just I don't like that type of music I don't know it's
just I'm sorry I just don't I like freeze pops music the same way I like
8-bit weapon mm-hmm just the whole just a little
quickie-synthy vibe and they remind me of Berlin.
He mentioned 8-bit weapons, so I think they're kinda buddy bands.
Yeah, I really dig 8-bit weapons. You know what else I thought was interesting about that?
He said that they have a Xbox 360 at Harmonix.
Hmm. I wonder why. Maybe for
playing Madden 2006. Maybe.
We can speculate all we want, but we'll never know. Alright, we're running a
little long tonight
for a show, but that's alright. We can do what we want. It's our show. It's our show.
Now we're going to go to something completely different. We're going to visit our friends overseas for a little bit.
And now for something completely different.
Well, good segway!
Oh, not to be seen!
He got an article for us about another list, another dang list.
Okay, this is put out by Yahoo Games UK.
They did a top 100. You can look there for all of it. It'll be on uk.videogames.games.yahoo.com, blah blah blah blah blah blah.
You'll find the link.
But I'd like to go ahead and list the top 10 games according to Yahoo! UK.
Number 10. Ready?
Heck yeah.
Elite.
On the BBC Micro.
I don't even know what the hell that is. That's alright.
I've never played it. I've heard of it though. I know the game. I've just not played it.
just not played a game system you don't have I do you know I do not have a BBC
micro and I need to have one it wouldn't work on our TV chef you have a little
you know I actually have a system I now have a system so old I cannot play on my
TV what's that an Odyssey 2 oh yeah oh those things are old yeah my TV is like
why do we have to do these lists all the time what motivates people to make lists
I think it's hilarious all right so we can talk about this we can all right
number nine. My number one cause of motion sickness
Goldeneye 007 on the Nintendo 64
this was the one game that made me puke literally
not because it was a bad game because it gave me vertigo
but it was a really awesome game and you know
I don't think there has been a good as good of a bond game since
Goldeneye was excellent
number eight Street Fighter 2 coming soon to Xbox arcade
I mean this was the one that brought you the world warriors this this set the
stage for for it for 2d fighting for even a lot of 3d fighters mm-hmm because
you know we actually we even have the Street Fighter EX series okay coming up
for number seven Super Mario Kart good choice good choice you know and it
really I do agree with this it says it seemed like the worst idea ever but
quickly proved itself as the best thing ever that was my college dorm life was
mario kart like every weekend and that might well the if you were in my room it
was mario kart as we were the nerd room but if you're in the room down the hall
it was you know smoke weed and drink you know what mine was what because I was
like the only one in our building that had a TV huh mine was toshinden because
my roommate at the time the boyfriend had a PlayStation you dork and also
going over to play my friend Saturn cuz he imported a Japanese Saturn so I was
playing this stupid Gundam game and golden axe the duel we're gonna reminisce
all night long let's move next game up monkey island to let Chuck's revenge you
know I could not get in the monkey island game so whatever and let's see
that was number six number five Legend of Zelda Ocarina of Time yeah I'm still
partial to the Super Nintendo one but I won't get into that discussion tonight
because we're running long because people don't like it when I say the
ocarina of time is way overrated but anyway lies lies they argue so he lives
oh hi hi glad you could pull yourself a Mario Kart for a minute talk to us
actually I do apologize no that was number five number four Pro Evolution
soccer 4. We are talking about the UK. I know. The real football! Men in shorts! Yeah. Whatever.
It's really fun. I actually kind of want to play. Hey, it's Konami. Nice plug there. Next
up, number 3. Pokemon Red slash Green. Whichever one of those. I still like the Pikachu one
best but still. But, you know, I thought it was pretty funny the way that Pokemon came
about was that the creator of it was a bug collector.
And high?
I guess!
On crack or something.
But did you know that the character who was Gary Oak in the Japanese one, he's Okido Shigeru
and Shigeru after Shigeru Miyamoto.
I will forget that five seconds from now.
But he was named after Miyamoto.
Oh, okay.
How's that for you?
Okay, that's cool.
That I'll remember.
Super Mario 64 is number two.
I love these overrated games on Liz.
another one I think is totally over okay significance for me because when I
first moved out here Dan and I would play that game for hours and we were all
cute Mario I can think of three better Mario games off top my head Mario Kart
DS Mario Kart Mario Kart on Super Nintendo Super Mario World Super Mario
Bros 3 and Super Mario World but that's just me what do I know I'm just so
Shmo that you downloaded on your iPhone. Number one game ever guaranteed to piss
some people off. Namely Loki. Tetris! Even better, specifically Game Boy Tetris. I
think that's a good way to end the first part of our show tonight. Oh wait no no
I got one. I actually did though want to bring up a few of the others that were on
the list. Notables. Number 21 was Samba de Amigo. Yes! Number 35 Beat
beat mania number forty nine surprising when a lot of people don't know about beat mania
UK this is a had beat mania UK they had beat mania in the UK ok whatever number forty nine
was DDR sixty five and this makes me happy tempest two thousand oh yeah oh that's too
low too low too low it needs to be like number three yeah instead of mario sixty four and
this is one this is probably my single favorite shooting game of all time even though I suck
at it our type it's what this that game makes me want to do that Linkin Park
song you know went so long and got so far been the end it didn't matter
because you can't beat that game unless you're like God shall I do three
shooting games I enjoy more than our type okay and number 100 number 99 was
pong number 100 was hard-driving you know I'm surprised pac-man what's in the
top ten because every every top list always has pac-man somewhere on it and
rightfully so I mean what does have a severe tarnish on its name the Atari
2600 version hmm but hard drive in I had to mention it because it has
significance for me I used to work at an Amco arcade when I lived in Alabama and
you had that swivel out chair when you sit inside it's really dark I used to
take naps at work in the hard drive in machine you know and this kind of leads
into the next story I was watching I was watching a documentary on PBS I don't
know if you guys have seen this but there's a documentary I know miklotov
saw part of this with me yesterday. It's two hours long, I only could watch the first hour
because it's like trying to explain what video games are all about to people that don't really
know about video games, because it's PBS and let's face it, the average audience for PBS,
and I'm not going to say this is right or wrong, but the average audience for PBS is
not your typical gamer. Old people? Yeah. Hey, hey, hey, PBS gave me Red Dwarf, so shut
And they also have the ABBA special once in a while, if you know when to look.
Where in the world is Carmen San Diego?
Alright, Square One TV, I know it.
Alright, so PBS does have some cool stuff, don't get me wrong.
3-2-1 contact.
I don't want to get hate mail from PBS, there's some good stuff on there,
but let's face it, either you're young or you're old,
a lot of people in the middle don't watch it, and maybe...
And Reading Rainbow!
Sesame Street.
Can I talk about the video game thing, please?
Video what?
I actually learned some stuff that I didn't know before though even though
there's some horrible inconsistencies in it like
they would talk about the Zelda that was released for Super Nintendo and they're
showing
Zelda to the Adventures of Link and I was like, dammit! But it was HD so it was pretty.
But what I thought was interesting, they did, they
changed the name of Pac-Man when they released it over here because Pac-Man in
Japan was
Puck-Man. Do you know why they changed it?
They were afraid of people taking a magic marker and taking it and turning it into an F
and turning the P into an F so you'd have fuck man. You learn something new every week
here on Orange Lounge Radio. There was X-Man on the 2600. I dunno. Alright. That was one
of those porn games. Like Custer's Revenge? Alright, we're gonna take a break here and
It was worse. Trust me, it was worse. When we come back on Orange Lounge Radio, we will
talk about DDR Supernova. I promise we'll get into DDR Supernova because a lot of our
Our longtime fans are dying to hear it and also we're gonna open up the skype line get some of your calls here
Who's gonna be our first caller on the podcast? I don't know. We're gonna find out very soon
We'll be back after this with more orange lounge radio
Orange lounge radio is taped live on Sunday nights and it's podcast to the world twice a week
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
