Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition, week of January 9th, 2006.
You're tuned in to the Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition, your podcast home for all the latest video game news and gamer chat.
Now, here are your hosts, DarkSakura, Skye, and Logan.
Hello, everybody, once again, and welcome to Orange Lounge Radio.
It's that podcast dedicated to what gamers really want to know about.
We here at Orange Lounge like to talk about games that don't suck,
But sometimes, you know, we'll tell you about a couple that do suck just to tell you to stay the hell away.
My name is Rob Roberts. You might know me as Sky. My awesome co-hosts are here.
Say hello to Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Hello.
How you doing?
Okay.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Well, good.
Now, before when we were taping our live show earlier this evening, you were a little sickly, but you're feeling better now.
It was that horrible Chinese food. I don't think that my body can process that type of stuff anymore.
stuff anymore. We went to this horrible Chinese buffet for dinner tonight and it
was just it was cheap but the food you know it's just it's the grossest of the
gross Chinese food but you know oh well it wasn't even that filling yeah anyway
Loki suddenly we're the Food Network Loki is over there in that corner the
other co-host how you doing? Hopefully good because that speaking of Chinese
food place the beef that was for the Mongolian barbecue type stuff wasn't
frozen. It was quite raw and sitting there out in the open. That seems like a health
code violation to me, but okay. So if I'm dead tomorrow, we'll know why. So this will
be the last episode with Loki. On a serious note, though, what this is the last episode
of, in case you missed the announcement last week, is it was kind of buried in the middle
of the show. We just want to kind of get out there in the beginning of this week. The show
will be changing next week. We're going to be fusing what we do here with the podcast
with what we've been doing for three and a half years on our live program, and we're
actually gonna be taping this podcast live and since it's going to be two
hours in length that means you guys are gonna get two podcasts throughout the
week so twice the orange lounge radio coming to the podcast stream that all
starts next week next week show as well freeze pop we're gonna have them on the
show it's gonna be awesome it's gonna be great interview we're really excited to
have freeze pop a very well-known band if you guys have played guitar hero
amplitude frequency it's gonna be awesome we have one of them coming on so
It's gonna be great. All right, let's go ahead and I get started first off. How was your gaming week?
We always want to know, you know, what's been going on in our world. So dark Sakura. What's going on in your gaming week?
Um, I've been playing Animal Crossing really
Dance been playing a lot of of course need for speed underground most wanted blah blah
I'm getting really tired of seeing that game. Um, otherwise, I've been reading books
Well, to enrich your mind once in a while. You ever played text adventure games? Like Zork, you remember those old school games?
Oh, I used to play Gemstone 3.
Oh, okay. I never played that one.
Back when I was a geek on AOL.
What about like the middle range, like when text games kind of evolved into graphical games and what adventure games are today, like King's Quest, Space Quest?
I played King's Quest IV a little bit, but I just couldn't get into that.
Oh god, King's Quest IV was my favorite.
Actually, I played Loom, but Loom was more sort of a combination.
Yeah, there wasn't so much text at that point, but yeah, that's cool.
So, um, Loki, how was your gaming week?
It was, um, pretty good. I've been trying to play a lot more in the 360.
Um, of course, I've been playing my normal games, um, Animal Crossing DS every day, and then playing, um, what also, Grand Theft Auto Liberty City Stories,
stories which I'm very excited to hear that they're coming out with a PS2 version of that
game and a new PSP version of Grand Theft Auto at some point this year.
Then of course I got to try a few things on the 360.
First off I've been playing Call of Duty 2, the single player mode in that, and that game
is amazing.
It's just really awesome.
It does though, I'm playing on the easiest difficulty because I'm not very good at these
military first person shooters that involve actual realistic damage to your character
and stuff like that where a single bullet can kill you type thing.
So I've been actually kind of just running through it kind of like Rambo and just doing
it that way.
It works every now and then and a lot of times I get killed but still a very fun game in
that sense and it is very realistic just I don't know it makes you feel like this would
be how I would be able to handle a gun if I were actually in World War II which is not
very well.
The other thing I've been playing was Fight Night Round 3, a demo for that actually came
out on Xbox Live's Marketplace this week.
And that game's pretty cool.
I'm not really into the boxing games, but I do enjoy a game where it involves beating
someone else up.
And what they've kind of done that's, you know, actually in the demo video that they
have for it, when you're throwing out a knockout punch it goes into kind of slow-mo and you
see the guy's face contort from you hitting it and he spits out blood.
But really cool game.
It sounds like Matrix Boxing.
Sort of, but it's very, very cool. It should be a cool game. I know I think Round 2 was
really popular, so it shouldn't be any different. Other than that, I did play a little bit of
online multiplayer for Call of Duty 2. It's okay, but do not bring up the guide when you're
playing the game online. I accidentally hit the button trying to hit pause to change my
weapon on it, and my game started glitching out like crazy after that. So that's something
got a fix but um... and the other thing was the server was full this morning so I
couldn't play online
and that kinda sucked
and I haven't figured out a way to get my friends to play the same game with me
and that
also is frustrating. It's a lot of frustrating stuff with Xbox Live
Well on the regular Xbox it's just fine. I don't know what your problems are with this.
It's all new.
Yeah.
Well also you're kind of a new Xbox user so maybe there's stuff you're missing.
Exactly. I don't know what the hell I'm doing and a lot of times I've got my... the only other person I have
that's actually playing with me is one of my customers, because I do, you know, game
sales at work, and one of my customers got a 360, so I've been talking with him, voice
chat and stuff, which doesn't work well because I use headphones at the same time, too, so.
But I don't know, we've been trying to play a game with each other, Call of Duty, but
that didn't work.
Perfect Dark's probably going to be the one that'll work for us.
Well, somebody finally got the upright idea to start a gamertag thread on the Orange Launch
Radio Forum, so if you want to start playing with some of our listeners, there's tons of
gamertags over there on the forums, so try to check that out.
I added some of them, it'll be fun when I get my 360 at some point.
My gaming week, I didn't play a whole lot of new stuff. I went out and I got Amplitude for $10
because I had borrowed that game from another friend of mine for like a year
and finally I just had to buy my own dang copy, which is great.
It's a great game. It's one of the most underrated PS2 games of all time.
That's another reason why I'm excited for Eastpop's going to be here next week because they contributed to that game.
Also, I picked out a copy of Burnout,
which is an Xbox's greatest hit series.
Burnout Takedown? No, Burnout 3.
Same thing. Same thing, whatever. It's the takedown one. I picked that up.
It's fun. I like it. I picked that up solely based on the fact that Loki never
shuts up about this game on our little show.
And it usually is not the type of game I would think about playing,
but it looks so pretty on my HD. Even for Xbox 1.5, it looks very nice.
you know, and why did I call it Xbox 1.5? I have no idea.
Oh, because I have the Halo thing, so sometimes I joke that it's not really the first
Xbox, it's like the 1.5. Anyway, also some people call it the 360, but
it's a fun game, I like it, I like making car wrecks.
I have actually been having trouble with Xbox Live on that game as well, though,
so it's kind of interesting. Although, I know I'd get my ass kicked if I tried to play a lot
online, so I don't really.
I need an actual steering wheel to really get the feel for that game, though, it's just
The controller is not the same to me. I can't drive with the controller on that game.
But otherwise it's been the same old stuff. Not a whole lot of new stuff. I've been playing a lot of
Animal Crossing and Partners in Time
which I talked about a couple weeks ago on the show, Mario and Luigi
for DS. Well what's ironic is I'll be quitting
Final Fantasy XI at some point here. I haven't really set a date yet when I'm going to cancel my account.
But I'm also going to be participating in the beta for Final Fantasy XI on the 360.
That's why I want to get
my xbox 360 I want that I want in on that beta
had a it's gonna be pretty in HD is we so pretty
I'll bring it over that's not good enough I wanna play I wanna
I wanna start from the beginning I'm glad I quit that game you can
kiss my booty that's okay I don't know where it's been
so well that kinda leads us into a news item here we got the Final Fantasy 11
demo is coming to the US can't you sign up for it now
Yeah, they have the sign-ups for right now to get your content ID numbers, basically,
you know, the registration codes that you need.
Are they going to close it?
Should I go and sign up even though I don't have an access ID?
You probably should.
Okay, I will.
So go sign up right now if you haven't yet.
The demo CD, I'm not sure the other ways to get it.
I do know that it's going to be in the official Xbox magazine, the February issue.
They're going to have that, but I think there's other ways to get it if you're not subscribed
or don't want to buy it.
Have they talked about the limitations of the beta?
Because obviously it can't be the full game.
It's the full game, just not the new patch, the new treasures or whatever it is.
But it is the full game so far.
Wow!
Isn't that going to be for free?
You're going to be running on the demo servers right now, the beta servers.
So you're not going to be playing with everybody else.
You will be playing though with people from Europe and Japan.
It's going to be the full game until the game comes out and then you can...
But what they're saying, and I'm not sure if this is actually true, is you can transfer
your character from the beta to the actual game.
That would be interesting.
So like if you get really far, you can transfer your level 50 character over, which would
be cool.
I don't know if that's going to actually happen, but we'll see, we'll see.
Alright, anyway, let's go into the real top story tonight.
We're actually going to go over to Dark Sakura, and because this is pretty big, it's a little
bit of a follow-up to I think something we sort of hinted at before but it's
finally happened two major gaming companies coming together this is what
like the fourth time this has happened in the past year it's crazy Dark Sakura
tell us about this this is the theme of 2005 and we're getting more of it as of
officially January 4th Namco and Bandai are one and so now it's Namco Bandai
Holdings USA Incorporated owns Bondi Namco Group US subsidiaries including
Bondi America, Bondi Entertainment, Namco America Incorporated, Namco
Cybertainment Incorporated being the arcades and Namco Networks America
Incorporated that's the mobile game unit and Namco Bondi Games America for the
video games. It's very interesting because we're slowly seeing this shift
now where there's only going to be like a handful of major gaming companies
because they're all buying each other out.
Very interesting.
Trying to get the upper hand on the market.
I guess so.
Be interesting.
One day they're all going to be bought by one of the folks, or they'll put out their
own consoles, and then who knows?
Who knows?
All right.
Loke, you have some news from the Consumer Electronics Show, right?
What was going on now?
I heard about some new attachment for the 360.
It's going to be pretty big.
Well, there's a lot of stuff going on.
Obviously, they're showing off the new video technologies, both HD DVD and Blu-ray, and
And of course, Sony being behind BluRay, then that means that Microsoft has the HD DVD,
and so they're actually going to be selling an add-on unit for the Xbox 360 for HD DVD.
It's going to be HD DVD Drive.
The only catch is, it's only for HD DVD movies, not games.
So unless you're thinking, oh hey, more storage space for these upcoming games, then again,
not gonna happen so... No, it's that same issue the Xbox 360's didn't come default packed
in with the hard drive so now not every game can support the hard drive because not everybody
has one. Same thing with the HD DVD. I still think though that they can. They just, you
know, make it so that you have to have the hard drive when you... It's risky. I mean
Final Fantasy XI is gonna have to do it but it's still risky. Yeah. So, I don't know.
That's one of the things that they've got so far. I think it's stupid because, you know,
if I'm gonna get an HD DVD player, I'll just get a standalone player. Why do I need that?
an add-on for the 360, which is probably going to be overpriced like the hard drive.
This is going to be pretty messy going into this year with Blu-ray versus HD DVD because
there is no clear winner yet, and the consumer is going to have to choose early on, so somebody's
going to lose.
I think really what's going to end up pushing it is going to be the release of the PS3,
because it has a Blu-ray player in it already.
A lot of people used the PlayStation 2, whether it was a good idea or not, for their DVD player,
this it's going to be in the package you're gonna get your gaming system and
blu-ray player for you know like four hundred five hundred dollars or whatever
and that way you don't buy this separate add-on thing after you've shelled out
four hundred dollars for the 360 now to shell out 100 $200 for this add-on screw
you guys I mean no I don't think so so either that or just buy a Toshiba player
that has supports both I mean that'd be the best way to do it that's a good
Alright, so what about some of the games that were over at Consumer Electronics Show, Logan?
One of the things that they were showing off actually in the Dolby Digital booth was Burnout
Revenge for the 360, and wow does it look sexy.
So they actually had a few screenshots.
It was playable though.
They said that they've added, it's basically built from the ground up, they've got more
detailed models that actually show damage to the cars and stuff, as well as they've
added ten crash junctions.
It's basically going to be just a really nice, pretty looking version of Burnout Revenge,
hopefully with some better single player mode stuff in there, like Burnout 3, but yeah.
Basically expect it to be really awesome, it is going to be coming out in March.
Awesome.
One other thing I know they announced at the Consumer Electronics Show, some expansions
coming to Xbox Arcade?
Yeah, definitely.
With Xbox Live, the arcade is just awesome to begin with, and this of course, you know,
one of the hugest games in the arcade scene. Street Fighter II is coming to the arcade
and they're doing some pretty cool stuff with it. Like for example, they've got this kind
of coin-up mode. I heard about this, the quarter mode it's called. I heard about this, this
is pretty crazy. Exactly, and it's kind of basically this new thing created for Xbox
live arcade. You can actually do a spectator based system where you get to watch people
play and stuff like that and you can buy into player matches and stuff. They've got, basically
the quarters are used to represent players and pays homage to the arcade type thing.
Voice chat, which is kind of cool because it will bring back the trash talking from
the arcade.
Oh, just what we need on Xbox live, more trash talking, thank you.
And then they also have a gaming lobby to watch the brawls and stuff like that.
You can do an Opti-Match, which is good player matching stuff.
Training mode, of course CPU battles, arcade mode, which is kind of like the arcade type
of thing.
They have best characters, rankings on which character is the most popular, monthly rankings,
and just a whole new thing.
They're going to have...
Or a game that's over 10 years old.
Exactly, and 5.1 surround sound, which is, I guess, kind of neat. I don't know what they'd
be doing with it, but I don't know. Personally, I think this is one of the best things coming
to the Xbox Live Arcade. I'm not a huge fighting fan, but it's awesome. I mean, Smash TV was
great to begin with.
Oh, exactly. And I'm hoping that more of this stuff comes to the arcade, and they're talking
about maybe one of the rumors was Ninja Turtles arcade games. So, let's get some actual, like,
maim stuff on here. That'd be fucking awesome.
I think I would personally be happiest if we got Turtles in time.
Either of the Turtles games, or I'm thinking the X-Men game.
Dude, with Gazzler. That X-Men thing was huge! It was like six players.
I was all over that machine with two screens.
Hell yeah, that was an awesome game. That would be fun to have. See, you could do that on HDTV. It would be fun.
Alright, here's something else coming out of Consumer Electronics Show, and
I love this because I grew up on the Commodore 64.
Well get this, Commodore International Corporation now owns this brand and they are going to
be releasing something called the Commodore Combo.
It's going to have five games included and another 90 approximately available for download
online.
A 20 gigabyte hard drive running Windows CE.
So Commodore is coming back in this like handheld thing and I'm assuming that maybe some of
the great Commodore 64 classics will be coming to this system.
not great Gianna sisters, but maybe we would have some of the other great Commodore 64
games.
Oh man, the Commodore 64 was such an awesome system.
Like a lot of games that were on Atari 2600 were on the Commodore 64 as well, but better.
Like H-E-R-O, I think I'm off the top of my head, just, oh man, I just, I grew up, like
that was my gaming system when I grew up, was Commodore 64, so I'm excited about this.
It's cool.
I want to see Jumpman Junior, I want to take that on handheld.
I love Jumpman.
Awesome.
Jumpman, Jumpman Junior, whatever.
I want I want my impossible mission on the go so I get that
Forget it bad joke. Jumpman was one of my favorites. Jumpman was awesome
Whatever happened to Epics. Are they still around? I don't know. We'll get an email for that now that I asked that. All right, um
Let's go over to Jamie and check in on what's going on with Miyamoto. What's so going on in the Miyamoto world?
Okay, let's go ahead and take a look at this
This would have to do with a game called Odama coming out for the GameCube.
Actually it's a nod to Utsaito, who bought a Seaman, who remembers talking to your fish
on the Dreamcast.
I never played that game.
I played Seaman.
Actually more specifically, Dan played Seaman and I would ask him foul questions.
No, I thought C-Man was coming back.
I thought that they were going to remake that or something.
So, Jamie, are you saying you enjoy playing with C-Man?
I'm going to hate you.
Okay.
But basically, you know, Nintendo was really slow to sort of take on to the idea, but the
premise behind it is that it's a military pinball game set in feudal Japan, where you
you knock down barriers, run over enemies, use a microphone to issue vocal commands.
It seems kind of odd to me, I would rather have another C-Man, but you know.
I seem to remember seeing this game at E3. Didn't they show this at E3? I think I remember
a game like this with a microphone. I'm almost positive.
I was hanging out at the Xbox place.
I remember, hang on, I'm almost positive I saw this game. It looked very interesting,
but it was in its early stages still.
I also think that there's a neat little mention here that Miyamoto's favorite game of all
time is Pac-Man.
Interesting.
Yep.
Interesting.
Um, speaking of the DS, well, that's not really a DS, but speaking of, you know, Nintendo
and something that's going to be happening with the DS, Contact is a new game currently
in development and it is actually being produced by the same director who produced Capcom's
Killer 7.
Okay, it's about a boy named Cherry who's tasked with helping a nutty professor find
all the lost components of a spaceship but here's the thing
it's not just any regular RPG they're saying it's going to use the Wi-Fi
service
so it's not necessarily an MMO
but somehow this RPG is going to interact with the Wi-Fi service. We don't really have
the details yet but it just goes to show that
the DS could be an interesting platform for these type of like imagine like an
MMO style game on the DS
and you know I was thinking aloud about this and the possibilities of having like an
MMO style thing on the DS and I thought
you know what MMO would be perfect for the DS?
Ragnarok Online. Ragnarok Online on the DS would be awesome.
That would be hot. You know it's on something.
It's perfect for the DS.
I should patent this idea except I didn't create Ragnarok Online so I can't.
Well what's funny too is when you think about it that
the PSP even though it's you know they... one of the features is
yeah you can browse on the internet with it and stuff. There's not a lot of games that
actually use
the, you know, gameplay over the internet. It's all like localized
wireless play. That's it. It's kind of lame.
Well, what, you know, it's funny because Dark Sakura actually has a story coming up on
what the PSP has in store
for this next year. So Dark Sakura, what's going on with Sony's
future for the PSP? Well, there's
coming up a location-free TV service
coming up. What it will do is it will connect with
PC, TV, and PSP allowing access streamed audio, visual, you can watch broadcasts over the
internet using this built-in player you'd be able to do it from anywhere with a Wi-Fi
hotspot.
Also coming out is a new version of the PSP media manager so that it will make the transferring,
converting all those files a lot simpler.
I know that that caused some issues with people because it goes to wet MP4 format.
So they're going to relaunch their iTunes like Connect to Music download service in
March so that you can download game content.
Actually with the version 2.5 firmware that came out a few months back...
Aren't they on 2.6 now though?
They are on 2.6.
With 2.5 came the location free player ability now with the PSP.
The only problem is the location free player hardware part that you need on your PC or
your TV.
It's about $300 ouch. So
All right. Well, not only do we have stuff going on with the new school systems, but you know, it was exciting
We had the Commodore 64 news. Well, okay
It's not really Commodore 64 but Commodore in general coming back from the dead get this the Sega Genesis is coming back from the dead
And you know, we've had a lot of these stories lately about you know, Sega's kind of doing all these interesting things
Well, okay Sega themselves is not doing this
But there is a new Sega Genesis game coming out a brand new Sega Genesis game, and it's called beggar Prince
There has not been a new Sega Genesis game in America since 1998, but now there's going to be a brand new game
It's called beggar Prince
Essentially it's a little bit of a role-playing game
It's about a prince who gets out of the castle, but is disguised as a beggar now. Here's the thing though
It was actually released originally in Taiwan in
1996 so they've actually just translated this to America you know to English and
gonna be releasing it here in America you can now pre-order the game for $46
and it'll be out spring of this year so I don't know for some Genesis loyalists
though I might be worth it but $46 seems a little high to me you know Genesis
that's what they cost Neil yeah well I mean but but that was you know the
technology so far ahead I could get a I get a PlayStation 2 game or a you know
xbox game for 46 bucks but I don't know I suppose it really doesn't matter it
just depends on how good is the game is the game fun so we'll find out so
apparently it's got great graphics though and there's a really interesting
innovative combat system so if we manage to get a hold of this game will let you
know how it is and a follow up on it a little bit later let's now go over and
go over to DarkSakura for a little bit. You know, DarkSakura has been doing this for the
Youth of America for a long time now, is that she likes to share with you guys her advice
column. And, you know, it's important to understand that there's a whole world out there outside
of gaming, because if we just sat indoors and played games all day long, we'd have no
time to go outside and, you know, look up at the sky and wait for a tour.
We'd have no time to go out and stick our tongue to freezing poles.
exactly but I guess now this whole fun adventure is coming to an end
with us going to the new format next week and everything so
Dark Soccer has decided it's time to move on from the advice column
we have bigger and better coming. That's right there's bigger and better features
coming instead so this is the
final advice column from Dark Soccer. Dark Soccer what are you going to tell the kids about
today? Today's bit of advice
How to treat a tongue stuck to a frozen pole
1. Do not pull the tongue off the pole. Pulling sharply will be very painful.
2. Move closer to the pole. Get as close as possible without letting more of the tongue's surface area touch the pole.
3. Warm the pole with your hands. A tongue will stick when the surface of the pole is very cold.
A few top layers of the tongue will freeze when it touches the pole, causing bonding.
Place your gloved hands on the area of the pole closest to the tongue. Hold them there for several minutes.
4. Take a test pole.
As the pole warms, the frozen area around your tongue should begin to thaw.
Gently pull the tongue away from the pole.
You may leave a layer or two of skin on the pole, which will be painful, but the tongue will quickly heal.
And my last piece of advice? You'll shoot your eye out? Stay inside and play more video games.
Or if you've got a friend, get some warm water. No! Play video games!
and then go out drinking sometime so you've basically rendered the past fifty
four uh... advice columns completely useless with your little no sign play
games and somebody is stuck on a runaway camel
now right
but i think it
you know no one's ever going to follow my advice anyway as good as it is
so
just go play more video games alright you're less in danger of getting stuck
to a frozen pole or being on a runaway camel goodbye dark stalker's advice
column
We hardly knew you, or we were hardly listening.
Just teasing.
Love you.
All right, let's go on over to Loki.
Loki's got some stuff going on in the PSP homebrew world.
Was this one of the biggest games ever coming to the PSP?
Something like that.
Basically, Quake 2 is being ported to the PSP.
And they're actually doing some pretty interesting stuff
with it.
Obviously, the PSP's got limited controls.
So how are you going to support everything that was in the PSP?
Well, basically what they're doing with Quake 2 this time is they're not only creating a
control scheme that uses the actual buttons and stuff on the PSP, but they're adding the
remote for the headset, which is kind of neat.
So you know that little headset player that no one ever uses for the PSP that plugs into
the headphone slot, as well as that little serial port that's on there.
They're actually using the buttons on that for different things.
So for example like in actual gameplay they have, let's see here, you use that to show
your inventory or show your mission stuff plus you can take a screenshot with one of
the buttons using that remote thing and then they have the movement using the normal control
buttons on there and then your items are your directional pad and of course the looking
is with the analog.
a little weird. It's a little weird, but it's pretty innovative. Creative. Creative, yeah.
So that's pretty neat and this is actually being put out by Team Emergency Exit and they
have a whole site here talking about what they're doing with the Quake 2 project. It's
being developed slowly. If you want to find out more about it, check out teamemergencyexit.blogspot.com.
Very cool.
Speaking of controllers and innovative things, of course Nintendo's Revolution Controller
always got a lot of buzz.
A little bit of a follow-up here.
Eurogamer actually posted a little bit earlier is that the story that a lot of places were
running including us last week about how Legend of Zelda Twilight Princess is going to be
supporting the Revolution Controller.
Well, Nintendo has actually quoted in a story on Eurogamer that the article in the January
edition of NGC magazine is speculation Nintendo has not made an official
announcement regarding this the game is still in development it will launch on
the GameCube in 2006 so they've essentially said screw you to that rumor
other follow-ups going on is that you remember we mentioned on a previous
podcast that PlayStation 3 is going to be getting unreal tournament it's
supposed to be a launch title well now it's kind of going back and forth a
little bit and essentially now it's it's gonna be a launch title it's not gonna
be a launch title, it's gonna be a launch title, it's not gonna be a launch title. Now they've said
Epic has come out and said it will be done when it's done and if it just so
happens that it's done when the PlayStation 3 is out great but we're not
pushing to be a launch title or whatever it's done when it's done. That's so much
agony in us to see. You've seen that movie yes? No. Is the one about
Michelangelo painting the Sistine Chapel? When will it be finished? When
and it's finished!
essentially that's what's going on with it
you know what's funny is I got a story actually that kind of involves the
whole Legend of Zelda and the revolution
kind of in a bit of irony there
oh really
this was actually in
Sir Owl Pose here, oh really, in the weirdest place ever in National
Geographic Kids Magazine they actually got to look at
the Nintendo Revolution controller
uh... that i don't get but anyway i have for the day there and we were told no
but anyways uh... it did
shed some light on how they're going to be using the revolution controller
probably for older games but anyways
uh... for example the legend of zelda
uh... one controller will be used to slash your sword in the other uh...
controller can actually be used as a shield
uh... the there's also fishing minigame which i'm assuming is in
uh...
you know Twilight Princess cuz I remember seeing that way I don't get I
thought but I just said it's all bullshit so what is
this hell if I know but this is what they're saying so I'm just going by
what's it
I'm you can actually use it to flick it I'm a flick it like a
fishing pole and you can use it in real life demo I don't know if it's a tech demo
I'm just telling you I'm just
might be a tech demo I know you're just reporting but I'm yelling at you just like our listeners are
Donkey Konga
use the two controllers like a drumsticks when you bring them down you'll
hear a drumbeat or cymbal crash other players can get into this by shaking the
controllers like maracas and tambourines
this is using the revolution controller with existing games then?
okay okay. Super Smash Brothers every time you hold
you punch while holding the controller on screen your character will do the
same the revolution remote controller also has a rumble feature so it will vibrate
whenever you hit
interesting I wonder what they're gonna do with some of the old school
games with this
Someone else brought up something very interesting, since it does use the old GameCube controllers
and it has the port on there, maybe you can use your old GameCube controllers for like
some of these games as well, instead of actually having to use the Revolution controller.
Hmm.
Maybe.
Who knows.
Interesting.
All right, well, let's see what people are commenting on stuff that we do, and the way
we do that is we open up our old mailbag.
It's togo at orangelandtrader.com is the place to go if you want to get it, is the place
to go.
to send us an email, togo at orangelaunchradio.com, but actually that email address may be changing
because we're actually dropping the To Go name from our show starting next week.
We're just going to be Orange Launch Radio.
However, that email address will still be good.
Don't worry, no messages will be lost.
It will simply forward to whatever the new address ends up being.
We'll let you know what that is next week.
So you can still continue to send your messages for now at togo at orangelaunchradio.com and
that's where Dark Soccer is going to open up the mailbag and peer in there and see what's
in there so what do we got this week? Oh god, I've got so much freaking email. Pick a couple
good ones and see what's up. Our buddy Lord Kausu on the board, also Takuland, has basically
pretty much corrected me on the game I was trying to think of for PC Engine, one of those
betas. It was Space Fantasy Zone, which is the one that I do not have, because it's only
a beta. I don't even remember, it's been a week. Our listeners are great at memory, but
I can't even remember this discussion. That's alright, alright. But that was the other Fantasy
Zone game I was trying to think of, TurboGrafx, that I don't have. Because it was only beta.
You know, I was- There's downloads available. I was playing Fantasy Zone 2 on GameTap this
week because I never realized that there was a Fantasy Zone 2. I had it on Master System.
Yeah, that's what it was on. And Fantasy Zone The Maze. I just want to point out it's the
damn thing as fans don't want yes to me okay just want to make that clear yep it sure is um also uh
we got um and i do apologize because i'm trying to go through the list um someone crispy creamy
emailed us uh saying i heard a rumor about the ps3 is it that the ps3 will have something in
each system so when you put a new disc into your system it marks the disc making that disc only
play on your own system is this just a rumor it has to be just a rumor that
would so lower on their marketability seriously and it would piss game fly off
essentially that would kill a company like that to do that to game I think
borrowing games from friends and all that stuff I think that adds to I
realized I want to combat piracy but that's I don't think that's the way to
do it that's not the way to combat piracy because you know then you can't
let your friends borrow games that's how I found out a lot about a lot of great
games especially back in the 8-bit NES day and still to some extent today so
that would not be a smart idea Sony if you're listening. One of our listeners
Matt wanted to point out make sure that we're not confusing Psychonauts for
PsyOps the mindgate conspiracy because Psychonauts was supposed to have had it
was a designed by Tim Schafer who had involvement just reading back from his
and Grim Fandango, Day of the Tentacle, Fourth Waddle, and the Monkey Island series.
Um, I mean, it basically is pointing out, you know, like we actually got several emails
about how awesome Psychonauts is, and so just wanted to, but I like this email
because it's pointing out, you know, maybe you guys are getting the game confused.
No, I, no, I know which game Psychonauts, I mean, that's a good thought,
but no, I know which game Psychonauts is, but, um, you know, that's, there,
there's gonna be fans of every game and we just have to agree to disagree sometimes.
sometimes this person has the single best name ever by the way my little
pony killer but his sign is Chupa thingy which I think is brilliant cuz for those
of us who love red versus blue Wow Wow Chupa thingy this this guy's pretty rad
what do you say was that the second not to email or was that no it's all
different okay hey guys love the podcast yay thank you I have some stuff to say
though first off on the latest podcast your red list of games that need a sequel
I think Starcraft should have a sequel that game was awesome
It was the game that got me into PC gaming but breed Wars has an expansion even though it got
Well, I think I just okay, even though it had enough game in it to have been released to Starcraft 2
next I think Ninja Gaiden should have a true sequel Ninja Gaiden black was not a true sequel and I want more and
that mentioning about bringing Ninja Gaiden 2 on Xbox live marketplace, but that's
that wasn't Tecmo did it?
Yeah Tecmo. I don't know why I was thinking of Sega for a moment, because Sega did Shinobi.
That's why I was going to get you. But Tecmo, they have to...
I don't see why they wouldn't do it, because... They're buddy-buddy with Microsoft now.
Do you remember on the
Super Nintendo they had the Ninja Gaiden trilogy on Super Nintendo?
It was like all three games on one cartridge?
It was kind of interesting because it was one of the first collections I remember that early on.
But they didn't change the games at all. It's just three games one cart. It's kind of neat. Yeah, I'd like to see a more I
Mean, I like Ninja Gaiden the new version and all but I'd like to see something a little truer to the roots sure
But do you remember the old old old Ninja Gaiden arcade game?
It really didn't play like that in Nintendo once to me. Anyway, it didn't play like the Nintendo ones to me at all
but there was
There was also a an interesting question on here. What's with this next generation pricing?
anyway. You pay ten bucks more for the new Madden 1, it just has slightly prettier graphics.
Their excuse is higher development costs to get these higher rent. It's just a big excuse.
I know, it's a big bunch of blah. Give it time, when the other two systems come out
there'll be competition. Nintendo will try to undercut them all. Well that's the whole
thing right now, is there are, it's like, okay, 360 games. Um, they're all coming out
at $60, pretty much, except for three of them. Um, what are you gonna do? Buy a different
game? Sorry, there's only two games coming out that month, so. Well, this looks like
last one struck a chord with me. He also said lastly, I think that the government should
either lay off the video game banning laws or burn the first amendment.
You know, there's been some more developments. I was keeping an eye on game politics this
week, and Utah's trying to get a law through now, and it's all the rage right now, so...
There's a few stories this week that...
Yeah, I kind of didn't bring them up tonight, because it's more of the same to me. It's
still, you know...
Well, there's one I point out too, Dark Sakura, and...
Sure.
But...
Yeah.
Okay.
and gaming. It just doesn't work. Alright. Any other emails, DarkSakura?
Well, yeah, I got quite a few. And I got a few from our buddy Rob, who I always love
hearing from. But I'm just going to go over them in a little bit of detail. There was
one about the PSP to TV converter on GearLive.com. Another one he sent me was a pretty long article.
I'm not going to go into too much detail but I would love for our listeners to read this
because it's a very good article.
Um, and I said he found it on a
Slashdot. Um, but there, it's talking about how
EB and Gamestop relies on used games to stay afloat and honestly I can,
that's all I hear about is getting those used game sales in and using that
discount card and
all that. Um, but the article is at
escapistmagazine.com slash issue slash 26
To sum it up, and I read through quite a bit of this article, it's that once more places
start doing more online content, as far as the old games go, there may not be as much
of a, let's purchase the used games, and so that's really going to take a lot of the steam,
a lot of the livelihood out of what keeps these companies alive.
Interesting.
It makes sense, because consider how GameStop started, it used to be Funkoland, which I
I remember in back in the 8-bit days they would advertise in magazines as a mail order
company for used games.
I don't know.
I think that actually, if anything, you would want more people to buy used games like, for
example, Halo.
Halo 2 right now, you can buy used, it's pretty cheap.
It's still one of the most widely played games out there and you can download different content
and maps and stuff for it.
So it sounds good to me.
For the record, I would like to point out that Gamestop and Funkoland were two different
places.
is a subsidy of the fully owned subsidy of Barnes and Noble. But didn't one buy
the other at some point? Yes. Okay. GameStop purchased Funco Land, Babbage's. Gotcha.
Okay. Software, etc. But they're all fully owned subsidy of Barnes and Noble,
which is why I get books cheap. Alright, anything else? Was that it? Or for now? For now.
All right to go what I'm coming to go at orange launch radio to come we welcome your emails
Let's go back over to Loki who has a story about the I River
Yes, I River hits the thorn in all of those wonderful portable mp3
Player sides this time. They're actually trying to get into the game market, which is quite interesting
with the brand new I River g10 it actually looks kind of like a
a, to be honest it looks like one of those things that Ben Heck would have made.
You know the guy did all those retro consoles in the portable systems.
But anyways it has a nice 800x480, 260,000 color display as well as it's running off
of Windows CE 5.0 kind of like the Commodore portable.
It's also going to contain a 4 or 6 gigabyte storage on the actual system.
now they're kind of just showing it off as being able to play videos and stuff
like that and some Korean games not really too much on it right now some
people are saying oh this could be the PSP killer I say no you know it's
interesting though I mean do you know who everybody says should be getting
into game well not everybody but you know I keep seeing this on message
forums who they say should be getting into gaming and you know a lot of people
think that it's one of these things where they're just they're gonna come
out of nowhere when no one realizes it near you they're gonna fully back
somebody else or they're just gonna come out with their own things it's gonna
blow your effing mind you know who Apple Apple and you know you know I just look
at them don't they look like they're up to something don't they just have that
look on their face Apple yeah they'll make a game system that looks pretty and
people will buy it despite the fact that the specs suck well who knows is I don't
I don't know I just I get this feeling apples got to be up if Apple wanted to
enter the handheld market they could. If Apple wanted to team up with Nintendo
oh my god, I've said this on earlier podcasts, Apple, Nintendo, these two
companies excel at getting you to buy the same damn thing with cool new
features over and over again. Look at the iPod, iPod mini, iPod nano, iPod video and
look at the Game Boy, Game Boy Advance, Game Boy... these two companies got
together it'd be dangerous to your wallet. But just food for thought, all
All right, Xbox 360 is pissing off Gamefly a little bit because they are getting a lot
of scratched Xbox 360s back and they're actually having this form letter now that's going out
that says essentially you've been identified as somebody who sent back a scratched game
to us.
If in the future should Gamefly receive Xbox 360 games from you that have been damaged
you'll be charged replacement fees.
They're getting a little ticked off that a lot of their games are coming back scratched.
Should be noted that we haven't really seen this for the others.
all the systems are CD based, so it seems interesting that this one's making headlines
about the Xbox 360.
Because they're the only ones that have a really shoddy put together CD-ROM drive that
doesn't have the buffers in them to keep this level, and so when you tilt it, or bump it,
it scratches.
So don't move the Xbox 360 while you're playing your game.
Yeah.
Oh, side note though, and what I thought was quite interesting is the Xbox 360 knows whether
it's on its side or on its standing up.
It's got a level in there because there's a little light on the little ring of light
that shows what the controller's player won.
If it's on the ground, it will be still up in the upper left corner.
You tilt it up, it will move itself so that it's in the upper left corner.
Kind of weird.
But don't do that while the game is playing.
Well, definitely no.
Don't do that.
I just want to mention real quick, BloodRayne came out in theaters this week, you know,
Uwe Boll's latest epic.
I think it grossed about a million dollars, well out of the top ten this week.
Are any of us surprised?
He has the next three films financed already so we will be at
least seeing three more films. You know there's one of those stupid little internet
petitions going on
to hear Ewey Bowles talk. That's old, that's not seen before. It made me laugh.
It really made me laugh. It's getting a resurgence now because of this movie. By the way, I should
point out internetmoviedatabase.com, it's already showing up in their
bottom 100 movies of all time.
44 last time I checked. Alright.
Let's go over to DarkSakura who has another story about the 360, something about the UK
for our UK folks.
Actually yes, I do.
Basically European Xbox Live Marketplace has been keeping playable demos and supplies,
however they have found a way to get American and Japanese games, some of the demos.
Apparently the way to do that according to a gamerreport.com is all you have to do is
go to Microsoft password site and create a new Hotmail account and then say you're either
from Japan or the United States.
That's kind of smart.
Make a note of the phone number that you supply and once you've activated it turn on your
Xbox 360, press the guide button and select switch profile.
Interesting, good way to get around that.
Smart thinking guys.
My source hasn't tried it out yet, but I would love to listen to any of our UK listeners
that has an Xbox 360.
Give it a try, let me know what you find.
Now it does, I have seen, this is actually also on Xbox360.qj.net, previously known as
Xbox 360 updates.
They have tried it and it does work.
So what you can gain though from, like for example the Fight Night Round 3 demo that
that came out, it was not available to the UK, so you can actually check that out now.
And also Ridge Racer 6, would be another, well actually Ridge Racer 6 doesn't have a
demo, never mind.
But there is some other stuff, so basically, I'm kind of looking forward to the Japanese
ones because they're going to be getting some cool demos online over there eventually, so
that'd be cool.
Very cool.
And we've got to use that technique, hurry up before they close the loophole.
Nah, they're not going to close the loophole.
We'll see.
All right, you have a story about virtual reality in the revolution, Logie?
Yeah, and the continuing saga of...
The continued speculation about 3D on the revolution.
Exactly.
At CES this year, they were showing off a 3D visor called the Z800 3D visor.
It was actually put out by a third-party company.
Nintendo has actually purchased a numerous amount of these systems to actually be using
it with the revolution or possibly using something like that with the revolution.
Just basically checking it out.
It is available though for all three systems, so everybody is kind of taking a look at it
but still kind of backs up the whole thing, you know, virtual reality type stuff.
Probably checking out to see what their competition is doing, you know.
I'm still saying, E3 this year, come find out you're going to see something different
and there's another thing that they've actually registered the nintendo i was
that i've wasn't like floor revision i heard about that uh...
whatever that is that's
low interesting interesting issues you were
all right on
from dark soccer you have a story about something
that uh... something to keep in mind a tax season what's up with this
uh...
i just love the first line of this it's official the iris has its eyes on your
virtual gold
Oh, I did hear about that.
Okay, what's up with this?
Well, it's basically saying that they're just kind
to keeping an eye on this as a potential,
but the last issue of Legal Affairs magazine,
IRS Advisors, specializing in barter income,
recently offered the opinion that any trade
of one virtual item for another,
gold pieces for thick leather,
Uber drops for platinum,
could uh... constitute taxable income gathering exchange a credit to the i r s
israel's imparter
but how can you force out with a worldwide game
met
without real items
i know what what's the government going to do with ten gold pieces and wow i
mean seriously but this is the same song as it has as each good has a
determinable fair market value
they're not gonna be you're not gonna be paying them in gold pieces room pay them
in real money that's yet
you're not actually changing real money in the game how would they force and
force out of the european player
well that's basically the problem um...
they have to
right now they're working on consistency for it um...
a lot of people have objected to this i mean just really objected to this
well duh it has to do with money
my thing is though is i'm gonna take
significant losses in these games because if
they can take it
i can take it that's right i could write it off my taxes right
if I start a business in a while and lose money.
Imagine just one of the pain in the ass that would be...
The goblins took my money!
For there to be issued 1099s on every single player.
And we're talking people who aren't even old enough to be taxed.
Yeah.
You can't own real land, but hey, we can tax you for getting that, you know, helmet.
Something tells me this ain't gonna fly.
It's not gonna.
Weird idea.
And if it does, I'm freakin' moving.
Why are people in the IRS actually...
Why are they actually looking at this?
I mean, don't they have better things to do?
Cause our government is po!
Alright, uh...
Fantasy Star Universe is a game some of us here have our eye on.
It was supposed to be coming out for PS2 and PC in Japan on February 16th,
but it's been pushed back.
March 30th now is the new date that Fantasy Star Universe will be coming out.
Quality improvement is the reason.
This is unknown yet, what it'll do to the US and European release dates because they
weren't unscheduled.
So, spring, summer, who knows, but Phantasy Star Universe is at least making its debut
sometime in 2006, should be interesting.
Loki's got one more story for us tonight regarding Mario Mix.
Mario Mix, it's official from Nintendo, they won't sell anymore, it's done.
now whether it's coming back at some point who knows but
you're not going to be able to find it because stores can't do reorders on it
they're not making anymore as far as it's concerned right now
so if you own it lucky you it's a collectors item yeah it's
should have bought it when I had the chance it's going a lot right now the other game
that's also
kinda sold out right now Magna Carta huh for the PS
it's apparently so popular that they haven't been able to
reprint them fast enough so oddly enough I wouldn't have guessed that
Alright, PlayStation 2
they're gonna be getting in a special Final Fantasy 12
PlayStation 2 system. It's going to be a Final Fantasy 12 PlayStation 2
coming out March 16th, oh but
that'll be in Japan. And it's going to be going out for an
open price. What the heck does this mean? This means that there's no set
manufacturer suggested retail. The stores can just
sell it at whatever price they want to set. Of course
Sony and Square Enix sets a price to the retailers so I don't know this whole
thing doesn't really make sense to me but
the retailers can choose their own profit levels which I think is very
interesting. I'm gonna take a wild guess here in sense there is no profit in
systems as we had a conversation earlier this week about
systems are sold for about five dollars more than what the retailer pays
for them. So my guess is gonna be maybe
around what they're paying for them. And you also get with this a
PlayStation 2 stand
and a Final Fantasy 12 phone strap.
All right, one more story for us tonight
and Dark Soccer is bringing it to us.
It has to do with a new game coming out
featuring some classic, classic characters.
It's kind of a follow-up.
I remember talking about these guys before,
so what's happening?
It's just a little tiny something.
Namco, I love Namco, has basically confirmed
for us Snoopy versus the Red Baron.
And it's where Snoopy has a magical dream
becomes a world war one flying ace who must pilot a biplane to stop the red
baron crimson skies featuring Snoopy is great I just think that's gonna be cool
I'm hoping that they have the unlockable Snoopy's doghouse as the plane I'm
hoping they have the unlockable minigame where Charlie Brown tries to kick that
football from that fucking bitch that never lets him do it Lucy yeah Lucy yes
And you can finally kick the damn ball and that steer past the kite eating tree
Linus searches for his blanket
Final thoughts time my final thought is good grief Loki your final thought my final thought is
I've got a play some more 360 stuff dark soccer your final thought reject false icons
And that's gonna put the nail in the coffin of this episode of orange lounge radio. Don't forget
we're changing formats next week and we're gonna be recording live so if you
want more details on how you can join in on that because we will be taking calls
now on the show it's gonna be a whole different field of the show orange
lounge radio.com for more information on that and two podcasts now for you guys
a week so double the orange lounge radio and more upcoming stuff to the website
lots and lots of stuff coming up we're we're not stopping there so it's gonna
be fun 2006 is the year of orange lounge yes okay well we'll try anyway have a
good week you guys we'll see you next time here on orange lounge radio that's
the end of another orange lounge radio to-go edition this podcast is a proud
part of www.orangeloungeradio.com. See you next update!
