Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to the podcast stream
twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links
to websites with listings of past episodes and now the conclusion of episode 171 for
January 22, 2006.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio episode number 171, the second half here for this
January 22, 2006.
lively first half there I just made the official donation there during the break
I went on to the live journal community thing and donated for the flowers for
Jack thing and I left a little message twenty dollars from us so it'll be
lovely we'll see what happens with that I just hope I didn't fund somebody's
vacation to Tahiti so that's why I didn't send my own goes to Tahiti I know
anyway all right anyway let's get right back into the news yes we will be
opening up the skype line a little later on for those of you guys in our chat
room by the way I think we set a new record in chat tonight for the number of
people that we have watching in our chat room tonight so thank you guys so much
for making this combined show a success and making our live show really take off
we appreciate it and of course those you listen on the podcast too we know not
everybody can watch Sunday night because you know some of you guys are watching
what are the big TV shows on Sunday night? Family Guy? Some of you guys are watching
Family Guy and the other stuff going out. Don't give them ideas. I know I shouldn't give them ideas
sorry sorry don't watch Family Guy sucks now it's not as good as the first couple
seasons.
Did she be as brilliant as me and not watch TV?
You know, this is somewhat gaming related.
I'm going to kind of go off on a random tangent, I don't care.
I was watching 24, I only watched the first half, because you know they did this four
hour premiere thing last week, I only watched the first half of it, because that's a lot
of TV, I mean, hooray for DVR.
But I was thinking while I was watching it, the show is so suspenseful and very, I don't
know, like Metal Gear-esque, I'm thinking, gosh, this show would make a great video game
And then I was like, oh yeah, there is a video game.
I remember seeing the trailer at E3, but it's been in development for so long that I believe
the story was supposed to be between seasons two and three.
That's correct.
But I don't want to spoil anything, but this show has a tendency to kill off characters
that you really get attached to.
So I think it's very interesting that the game is possibly going to have characters
that have now been killed off.
It's coming out the end of February.
Oh, good.
I really hope it doesn't stink.
It looks good.
same writers same the cast is lending their voice and appearance and the
appearances to it sounds good that's good yeah you know it's a good show so
I'm thinking it'll be a good game but not as good as games that were out on
the Commodore 64 and I'll tell you what a lot of people say that they grew up on
Atari 2600 or they grew up on Nintendo Coleco vision Coleco vision Odyssey
whatever was arcades I grew up on the Commodore 64 so Loki what did you find
find out in Commodore 64 news believe it or not this um well actually it's
available you can play Commodore 64 games online available through c64 s
dot-com and you can actually check out they have a ton of games on there
including commando the great Gianna sisters bubble bubble boulder dash
Ghostbusters ghosts and goblins paper boy Bruce Lee boulder dash 2 and blue
Max as the top ten right now. Oh my gosh, I had Blue Max. That's crazy. I had quite a...
Boulder Dash, I had that game too, and of course, Arkon. Yeah. Oh my gosh. What about
The Last Ninja? That game was awesome. Um, Spy vs. Spy. What about Spy vs. Spy? Um, tons
of Boulder Dash stuff on here. Bomb Jack. It was a huge title. Commando 2. Yeah. Back
to the Future. Outrun. Pitfall in the Commodore 64. Pitfall. You know, a lot of games that
we're on Atari we're on Commodore 64 but with better graphics and that's one of
them and also I'm the one that comes to mind is H-E-R-O which is a game I play a
hell of a lot of on GameTap the graphics on Commodore 64 were way better than the
ones on Atari which kind of makes me sad because they don't have the Commodore version on GameTap.
They have about a hundred games on there.
Awesome. Now you know I gotta ask is this legal?
I don't know. Who cares?
Well I'm okay it's a little bit of a gray area but okay
that's still kinda cool. There were some awesome games on the Commodore 64
but I bet a lot of people are gonna load them up now and go, you know
clunky, bad graphics, but such good memories. Is Beachhead in there?
Beachhead was awesome too. I don't know. Yeah, good times.
Alright. Check that out.
Relive your youth. You know because some of those, of course I checked out
Commodore 64 emulators and they were first like the big
you know things in the emulator scene and a lot of them were just really clunky and
hard to use so I like this idea of having it
much easier and kinda streamline in the website very nice
alright let's move on to a very very new game in a very very
popular game in this day and age World of war crack I talked about it earlier in
the show
there's some stuff coming up for what's going on with World of Warcraft, Jamie you
first
well I'm actually they're going to be celebrating the
lunar new year in World of Warcraft
it will be between a they'll be
There's a celebration, they're saying, as in S-A-L-E, they'll be getting sparkly in
Azeroth on account of the Lunar New Year, is what it says, between January 27th and
February 14th, there'll be celebrations focusing on Moonglade, the 29th will also see celebrations
in Stormwind, Thunder Bluff, and Booty Bay.
And while every capital will be decorated, on February 13th, there will be a fire show
of Moonglade paralleling the Chinese Festival of Lanterns, so they'll be a humongous light
show.
Gameplay based events going on based on Azeroth's ancestors, quests for holiday items as rewards,
tokens that can be redeemed for rockets and fireworks and festival dumplings and different
outfits available for the Lunar Holidays.
Does Blizzard know how to throw a party or what?
Seriously?
They do some fun events.
I saw an interesting response to this though on some message board is that they were saying
that this was a kind of a way for World of Warcraft to kind of appeal to the Chinese
players right now because I guess they did something, I haven't really been following
a lot of WoW drama, but I guess maybe they did something to kind of turn the Chinese
players off when they launched the games there, so they're saying that this is kind of a way
to show that, oh we can do, you know, oh maybe it was because of like the more, you know,
U.S. culture events that they did like for the holidays and Halloween and stuff, so maybe
this is a way to kind of show that you know we can do the Chinese events too so
kind of interesting I don't know if that's true or not but it's just an
interesting perspective on that. Loki you have completely different news of the
WoW kind. Yes actually what's kind of cool is World of Warcraft has surpassed
their 1 million European player mark so now over a million people playing in
Europe since the launch or that was a you know less than a year ago bringing
the total number of subscribers to the game worldwide to about 5.5 million this
also just in World of Warcraft will soon be renaming itself to just the world
that was a dot hat joke dot hack joke for those of you guys that didn't get
that oh yeah I made a joke haha why this is why I do a podcast out of the spare
bedroom of an apartment and I don't do comedy low-key speaking of other things
I can't do one of them is play an Xbox 360 because I still have yet to find one of these little bastards
But that doesn't stop the Xbox 360 news from coming in and holy crap
Do you have a lot of it tonight starting off with Japan? Are they buying them yet?
Nope, not buying them in Japan. In fact only about seven thousand four hundred and seventy seven systems have sold there
And I think I mentioned last week that they're being beaten out by every other console system out there
which is pretty bad and as far as the US sales go
including Gizmondo, believe it or not, I'm kidding, I'm kidding, including the US sales
you know they've only sold only about 600,000 which is
pretty pitiful. Let's see, now the other thing
that we have here is they were kind of going back and forth on whether they wanted
third party, or not third party, external Blu-ray
or external HD DVD drive, now of course they're backing HD
DVD 100% whether, you know, it becomes the format of choice or not.
Wasn't there a little bit of like backtracking this week where it's like, well we might still
do a Blu-ray.
It's kind of like, well wait and see.
Are they committing or what?
They're committing.
Alright.
So, you know, we'll see.
That's kind of, you know, what I'm thinking, but okay.
Anyways, the other thing is there's some, they released a list of the top ten online,
Xbox Live arcade games that are out right now and the most downloads that they've had.
To no surprise, number one, Geometry Wars, which is the main reason why a lot of people
are actually getting an Xbox 360.
Screw Call of Duty.
Screw it.
Right in the air.
Call of Duty is fun.
Okay.
Now, Gauntlet, number two, the retro Gauntlet, that surprised me because I thought Smash
TV would have been number two.
Smash TV is number three.
There you go.
Bejeweled 2, number four.
Zuma, number five.
Bankshop Billiards, which is number six.
Correct me if I'm wrong, Zuma and Bejeweled,
two games you can play online for free, right?
Yeah.
Already, okay, just checking.
Do those games offer achievements, though?
Well, all of them do.
That must be why people download it,
because they want to make their Xbox 360 wang bigger.
Exactly.
Let's see, Outpost Colloquy,
which is supposedly a pretty cool sim-type game.
Mutant Storm Reloaded, which is awesome,
I'm surprised it's still down on the bottom of the list there, because it's very similar
to Geometry Wars, uh, Joust, which is kind of an enhanced version of Joust, and then
Wick, Fable of Souls, which sucks ass, because I bought that game for, I don't know why,
but it's not very fun.
Well that's why it's the number 10, the bottom spot, because there isn't much more than that
out on Xbox Live right now, is there?
There's a few things, like some card games, but uh, yeah.
Alright.
That's pretty much it for now.
Alright, sounds good.
What else is going on?
news, we've got also kind of tying in with the pitiful sales of the 360.
GameStop right now they still have 3% of the original November 22nd launch orders that
they still haven't filled yet because they're waiting on more Xboxes to come in.
It's a good thing I didn't wait for mine because I could still be waiting right now.
Of course they're getting more units in each week, it's just they're surprised it's taking
so long and they're thinking that the pre-orders will still be there until February.
I'm wondering how many of them are getting canceled because people are finding them through
other means.
There's a lot of people canceling them but even still that's not really affecting anything.
The other thing is there's going to be a major update through Xbox Live.
The main feature that's going to be added to it is a webcam feature which you may have
seen in the early shots of the 360 they had a webcam type of utility that looked like
an iToy type of thing. That's going to be added and launched at the same time as this
update. Isn't this kind of rumor status still? Or has this been confirmed? No, this has been
confirmed that this is going to happen. Right now there are going to be another thing that
they are talking about adding later on will be the ability to actually create custom themes
for your desktop and stuff or your dashboard and custom gamertag pictures and stuff.
So that's something to look forward to.
It's great that they're working on that end of things, unfortunately they're not working
on the end of Backwards Compatibility, which is a pitiful 200 games right now, most of
which you probably wouldn't want to play anyways.
Oh I don't know, Loki, Halo?
will find. Halo and Halo 2, those are the only games right now that are backwards compatible
with it that are worth playing, but anyways, those don't actually work 100%, by the way.
But if you're expecting more games to be added, like Microsoft said, they're going to be adding
more and more each week. I think, again, they're taking a vacation. You're not going to see
any more updates to the backwards compatibility until about March or April.
hopefully they're taking a vacation down into the factory to build some more
Xbox 360's
it's sad they've only had two updates to the whole
backwards compatibility thing since launch so
it wasn't gonna be a weekly thing so Microsoft learning
to disappoint some comments from learning
you mean they didn't already know well they're perfecting disappointment
some comments from the chat room a wonder dog Harold says don't forget that
Barbie game is backwards compatible
Oh, I'm sorry. All the kids want to play that. Reenie has a response to the webcam thing.
Hooray for webcams! Let's see people's asses and peni,
which I think is the plural term for, you know,
wang. Yeah. www.orangelandradio.com. Click on chat, by the way, to join our chat if
you're listening live on Sunday night. But our chat room, you know, our chat room's
swinging
during the week, too, as well, for those of you guys listening on the podcast, because we do
other live shows here on Orange Land Radio,
Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday night, and they're not podcasts. We just don't have the
bandwidth, people.
so you have to listen live if you want to hear it and we play a whole lot of
copyrighted music because we can it's all legal through Live 365
our friends and buddies over there at Live 365 who
have been hosting us for so long and taking our money
ah and now for something completely different another way you can
interact with our show is not just through chat not just through skype
but there's the old email and you send us an email to mailbag at orangelounge
radio.com and Jamie she looks in there in the
cavernous mailbag and pulls out a few of her favorite emails what you find for us
this week well we get so many I have to really be I try to reply to as many as
possible now you see I could reply to everybody huh we loved well that's thank
you you guys are awesome thank you um anyway we actually and I wanted to go
ahead and give them a shout out gorilla at three guys three beers calm they do a
a podcast um actually wrote in um supporting the mac oh not this again yes this again oh
boy i'm going to just uh read a little bit of this if i may is it all i wanted to say
loki suit up abestos i know i know they're gunning for you here all the mac fans are
whatever it's just my opinion i didn't you know let her speak whatever i just like this quote here
Well, if I drive a dump truck at work, does that mean I have to drive one for my own personal car?
In reference to the PC.
Okay.
Um, you know, he says Windows has, um, I'm going to read this line here.
So if someone is all about games, yeah, Windows has many more.
If someone is about music, podcasting, graphics, internet pictures, making personal DVDs, movies, Mac is the way to go.
And honestly, I have to agree, I can't wait until I get my Mac.
but he also says he can do
you know a Mac with OS X what he does on his PC and you can
you can actually customize how your Mac works so I fully agree with that
and also just to read up the last full
paragraph in here it's like well said enough once again great show keep it up
I like that just don't talk trash about Macs Logie
talk about jumping to the past Windows looks just as shitty as it did back in the
early nineties can't polish a turd
How many PC's out there are running Windows? How many are running Mac OS X?
Yeah, I think so.
Oh man, all those features that a Mac can do. Yeah, a PC can do just as well, if not better.
So, whatever, you know. It's my opinion. I don't care. You can go ahead and bitch and moan about it.
I will never buy Mac products ever and this includes the iPods, you know.
I'm wondering how actual numbers is opinion. Actual numbers are facts.
I think I went into the mailbag earlier this week and I was looking at random emails.
I don't know if you're going to read this one.
If you are, I'm sorry.
But there was one email that pretty much simply said something like, you know, I'm a Mac user.
Sky, you're cool.
You moderate.
Jamie, you rock.
Loki, fuck you.
Yeah.
I think I forwarded that one.
I really don't care.
Everyone keeps bringing this up to me because they want me to argue about it and I really
don't care if you use a Mac.
I'm never going to use it because I don't buy computers based on flavors.
So alright, moving on.
One of our listeners, Terri wrote in, said, just wanted to say, enjoy your new format,
thank you.
Due to time constraints, it was hard for me to catch your live show.
Combining your podcast and live show works great for me.
Also wanted to mention that I really enjoyed the freeze pop interview.
Like Loki, I'm not too into that type of music, but I admit that I did enjoy the song you
played on the podcast.
Keep up the good work and happy 2006.
You also told me to get over my virus.
You know, it's funny, I don't have the same thing I had before, I have a sinus infection
know which I'm taking antibiotics for.
Somebody wrote to my personal email suggesting you take a vitamin.
Me take a vitamin!
I mentioned that you used to work for GNC, so you're pretty well up on the vitamins.
I thank them for their concern.
You attract the fanboys and the bugs.
Anyway, also we got an email from Press Start about the comment about Tetris.
In fact the email was labeled Tetris is Great.
Says yes every new console released for all eternity should have some version of Tetris.
Actually rephrased every new console released for all eternity should have the Gameboy version
of Tetris.
And also Scorched Earth, because that game is one of the best multiplayer games ever.
He also brought up Tetranet, and was pretty sad to find that it's gone.
It's still around somewhere.
One of my friends, somebody who's been on the live show before, before we switched his
format, Bugged, he posted in LiveJournal, he said something like, Damn you, OrangeLounge,
I was listening to the podcast last week and I started a Tetranet server.
So it's still around somewhere, just you gotta dig deep.
I have tetranet somewhere on my computer.
You only need the program.
Well, I wanted to read this paragraph in the letter.
Sure.
Um, also, now that you have all this time and you don't have to do your show as if you're
playing Daytona USA News Topic Checkpoint, time extended, I have a suggestion.
Please have a segment for rarities and or underrated titles.
You mentioned the game Cloud a while back, which was a free download of a student-created
game.
Pretty cool, I never would have discovered it otherwise.
You should devote time for allowing us listeners to discover these hard-to-find gems.
I think as gamers, all of us are bored of the same old urban life extreme sport street
racing game.
That's why we're all such big music fans.
By the way, I am the self-proclaimed guitar hero master.
I have five stars for all but five songs on Expert because it's such a unique gaming experience.
Very cool.
I like that idea about the new segment.
You can come over and unlock all the songs on the game.
Even with the two hours thing, we have a bit of a time concern.
We'll certainly consider it.
One of the best ways that we can keep you guys in touch with what's great out there
and what's new and what's free is email us and let us know and let Jamie sort through
that.
I also received an email from Jeremy who says
You asked about cheat when we changed in the email dress. It actually has already changed. Just the to go still works
I'm checking all of them. Yeah, that's why I said I have a whole bunch right now to go through
Also about Dance Dance Revolution supernova. Is it only going to be in the arcades?
Is there any chance of being able to play the new game at home?
There are no arcades near so it'll be pretty hard to play this game
Also he loves the new format having twice as much to listen to each week is awesome. Oh, thank you
But I I'm sure that it's a matter of time till we see it, but you know
It'll be eventually. I'm sure if it's very popular also one last one
Blaze gamer dude 1212
Said I'm started listening to the show about two months ago has to say the things the three of us are amazingly good at what we
do
Hugs and please continue to do what you were doing. However, I want to collect Loki. He's a crab
Sorry, correct. Loki. He said that the site for the new Xbox Live diamond is
www.xboxlivediamondcard.com and it isn't
After hearing the xboxlivediamond.com site was fake
It went to xbox.com and look through the site to get the diamond card site
and it actually is xboxlivediamond.com
Is that still going on?
I guess it's not going on.
Yeah, they're still advertising even on the dashboard for 360.
It's like...
Cool.
Deal.
I haven't gotten my card.
I signed up the first day they had it, so...
Yeah, they'll make those when they make more 360s.
Yeah, I'm sure.
A little addition, he also says that for fans of Triple Triad, he found the game online
as Google's Triple Triad Gold.
Alright, very cool.
Did you have the email from the other podcaster that sent us the email?
If not, I can pull it up, because I read it too.
I'm sure I did.
cover that okay I actually um received an email from another podcaster sent us
a message and it was from let's say I gotta find it in here somewhere I came
from Godfrey who's over at a gamertag radio his name in that show and they
wanted to tell us about this segment that was going on that they covered in
their latest episode because it was the episode they put out on Martin Luther
King jr. day it was their episode 35 and they covered racism in video games and
hip-hop and so I actually went over to listen now just I I don't listen to a
lot of gaming podcasts and that's nothing against other gaming podcasters
because there are some people out there putting out incredible shows it's just
that I want to make sure what we do is fresh and stuff so I try to you know
stay away from listening to them a lot plus I still have time but I do try to
catch the occasional one so I was listening to this gamer gamertag radio
and I listened their segment I thought it was pretty interesting and I would
recommend it. My only thing is that I saw it a little more as a social commentary
than necessarily something about games. They do incorporate games into it because
you know the the folks that do this show are other ethnic minorities and they
were kind of talking about that they don't like seeing games like 50 Cent
Bulletproof being representations of the community and kind of being pushed there
but they I mean they kind of talked a whole lot about other stuff too. I thought
is very good pieces very very smart thing so I'd recommend it certainly and
you know there's a lot of minority groups in America and I'm sure feel a
little bit underrepresented or stereotyped by video games sometimes I
thought I thought this is a great piece you know I also thought was really good
about this show this particular show the girl they have on that show is really
good and she didn't say a whole lot during this segment but when I was kind
of surprised because I expected Gamertag Radio to be mostly about Xbox because
you know gamertag but she was the one that brought up Nintendo and she said
you know what that's that's why I like Nintendo because Nintendo they're just
fun they're just they just put out fun games I think you know I tend to agree
is that the games I like the best I think about the two greatest games I
played last year luminous and medios were puzzle games that have nothing to
do with race color religion sexuality stereotypes nothing it's just fun games
and so I the norm for anything out on GameCube I like her a lot you and her
need to get together and do like a girly show because it would be he'll be good
but it would be good it would be good so go check that out it's it's good stuff I
think what it was a gamertagradio.com I think check it out search from on
iTunes alright let's move on here we're gonna go to another topic and Loki well
speaking of some of these games that are an insult to some people 25 to life who
Who hasn't 25 to life insulted?
Well, let's see, well no, 25 to life the national law enforcement officers memorial fund is
calling for a boycott of 25 to life and not because the game sucked and got horrible reviews.
But apparently it's because the game promotes killing of cops and all that stuff yada yada
Basically, they don't like it because the game really has no plot to it and just promotes
killing of cops and killing of gangsters and kill kill kill basic yada yada yada.
Anyways, so that's all you need to know.
It's the same reason why, you know, Jack Thompson gets his paintings and a bunch of A Grand
Theft Auto and all those other games out there.
Is there an actual boycott going to happen?
Not likely, in fact, this will probably push sales up.
So way to go.
I don't I know very little about this game
What do what else do you know about this game 25th of the life is basically revolves around three characters in the game
For some reason there's really hardly any missions to it as far as you know kill 25 cops now kill this kill that you
get the play as either cops or gang bangers and
Throughout the game and they have multiplayer on it as well. It was supposedly one the
the better games coming out in January, all of two that were good that were coming out.
Of course, it ended up getting horrible reviews, I believe, if I remember correctly, IGN gave
it like a 3.9, I think the highest I've seen for it is like a 5 out of 10, I mean, just
really bad, but, because it's, you know, really buggy and stuff, and the graphics suck, and
yada yada yada.
Alright, let's move on to a completely different topic, let's try to get to something not offensive,
25 to life let's talk about 25 in another aspect there's actually this
website I think they do a podcast to what's up with me plugging all the
other podcasts tonight well that's all right support other independent pod we
do we do support other independent podcast there's one of them being too
old to play calm that's the number two too old to play calm a website for
gamers over 25 I thought this was interesting because and and gosh I think
we all fit in that category oh wait sorry Loki you're excluded I am 25 24
No, I'm going for it.
Oh my bad.
All right then, I guess, but it's over 25, so...
Well, technically I am over 25 because I'm 25 in a few more days, so...
All right.
Ha!
All right, whatever.
Fine, then you can be in this elite circle.
They ran a really interesting piece that was huge on dig.com this week and some of the
other sites called The Society of Gaming, and this article starts out, adult gamers
are all the same, right?
Ask any non-gamer and they'll tell you.
We're all a bunch of slackers who never grew up.
This is an excellent tie-in to other controversial stories this week, right?
A bunch of overgrown kids who spend their money on games when there are real ways we
could be spending our money, like on minivans with doors that open by themselves.
So anyway, the story goes on, it says, any community tends to define itself in some way,
so perhaps it's time the gaming community does the same.
Gamers are a diverse group, but most fall into one of six categories.
So I'm going to ask you guys which category you think you fit into.
So here we go, here's the six categories.
Hardcore gamers, the average one they say is not married, but they say that's rare,
it's just a very small group.
They're just essentially hardcore gamers.
They know their games and gaming the way that doctors know the bones of the body.
Hardcore gamers know it all and they're proud of their gaming knowledge.
Let's see, we have devoted gamers.
They have the singular obsession, the one game, whatever it may be, like Halo 2, and
sometimes devoted players kind of move around a little bit.
And then they have the addict, who is a very dark subset they say of the devoted gamer
group, the addict who gets into like one MMORPG and gets addicted to... you know where I'm
going with this, right?
You know, because Jamie always used to say, addict, whenever we would talk about Final
Fantasy XI.
The pretend hardcore gamer.
The pretend hardcore gamers, they do really know a thing true about gaming, but they like
to appear that they know far more than they really do.
You know, I think I read a review of this show that actually said something like that
about it.
No, I'm kidding.
I'm kidding.
Anybody that says that's a bastard person.
And then lastly, it would be casual gamers.
A casual gamer is somebody who likes to game, but it's generally one of many hobbies and
is no more important than any of the other ones casual gamers tend to play
only those games that get good reviews and sell a lot of copies and lastly I'm
sorry almost last the clueless gamer clueless gamers buy a lot of games or
they're not really good at any of them and they give up on them before they
become good these are the gamers who do things that puzzle you make a lot of
mistakes and get pretty frustrated by that but also aren't willing to listen
to suggestions or take any time to improve and then lastly the worthless
gamer. Cheaters, hackers, de-levelers, punks, jackasses, all that stuff. The people that
just go in there to ruin games. The worthless gamer. Which gamer are you? Hardcore, devoted,
pretend hardcore, casual, clueless, worthless. Loki.
Hardcore and worthless. Why is this? I just, I have to know my game knowledge just for
working here and you know, I play a lot of games during the week. Not as much as I used
too, but I still play, I always have a game system with me, you know, for the most part.
I mean, I drag a 360 to work every day, and I have a PSP with me. Two game systems that
work with me all the time, you know, that I play every day. And, I mean, I think that's
pretty hardcore right there. And then, of course, I like to cheat in my games sometimes,
because it's fun. It's just a lot of fun. But you don't cheat in MMOs? No, not really.
I don't cheat in MMOs cuz that's too much work. So
All right, Dark Sakura the categories just to give me sure hardcore
Devoted pretend hardcore casual clueless worthless
I'd say hardcore for the old-school stuff
Just because you know my collection, right?
I
Totally can't see hardcore devoted pretend hardcore casual clueless worthless
I'd say I'm pretty devoted to once I get to playing something cuz I like to finish it
I am definitely not I'm not a major cheater. Well, okay
I do cheat my way through Silent Hill 3 just because I'm not really playing it for the gameplay
I'm playing it for the story and the sexy beam and
the heza beam
It's a heza beam
but
that's just
If it's I like putting in cheat codes to see how the game works to see some of the stuff Matt
You know hidden away in it, but I I like a good solid game. I like to get into the gameplay
It's on everything I can about the game. So I'm sort of a nerdy
They need my own category nerd gamer
You sound a little bit like a cross between hardcore and devoted to me a little bit
I would say I'm kind of somewhere between you know
what's weird is that I I think I'm kind of like half devoted half clueless the
only reason I say I'm clueless is because I'm notorious for my gaming a
DD or I will play one game for like a little bit of time and then I go to
something else like I lose interest and I go to something else but when I get
devoted into a game I get really devoted to the game and I'd say I'd see in a way
I just I just don't think I'm to the line where I can really call myself
hardcore I feel that I do know a lot about games and stuff but I just I
Realize that there's a whole world out outside of that too. So I don't know if I can really call myself hardcore
I'm so I'm somewhere between there because I'd say I'm very devoted to a lot of games, too
There's some games that I can never put down but there's other games. I just bounce around a whole awful lot
So I'm somewhere in there
So anyway, if you guys want to read the whole article and figure out which one of those you are too old to play
calm
Up next on the show we're gonna take your calls right now on the skype line
Okay, so for those of you guys that are listening live, www.orangeloungeradio.com and click
on interact with us and you can get all the details on how to call the show via the Skype.
You can use the Skype program to call us or you can actually pick up the phone and call
us.
916-226-9067 is the number to actually call call us, but remember that's not an 800 number.
It will be a toll call if you live outside the Sacramento area, which I'm imagining most
of you do.
Here come the calls, and we'll start over here.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
So am I the 100th caller or what?
Are you what?
The 100th caller or what?
Are you the 100th caller?
No, you're the first caller tonight.
What's on your mind?
Damn, it's Ron.
I was hoping I'd get a free toaster out of this.
We might be able to hook you up with that anyway.
I'll bring you a toaster.
I'll bring you a Hello Kitty toaster.
We'll send you a Linux toaster.
When I come out for Katsu-Kan, I'll bring a Hello Kitty toaster.
I'm giving it to my sister at Dark Soccer, I already showed you Linux on a toaster.
I know, I saw it.
First off, I have to ask you, DJ Rama S, what kind of gamer are you?
I'm the casual gamer, okay?
Here's a quick example of the hardcore gamer.
My friend got Kingdom Hearts 2, he beat the game in two weeks.
That's hardcore.
Yes.
addiction but does does your other friend like go outside and and you know
hug a tree once in a while actually no well then maybe he's he's addicted I
don't know all right enough about your friend though what you what made you
want to call in tonight I just want to say what's up how you guys doing and how
much I love to show so far well thank you so much we appreciate the
occasional compliment call it's it's good um we're doing good I'd say I say
I'm doing pretty well we doing a lot of venting tonight which is good oh I heard
As soon as I got home from the jersey, I jumped onto the stream and I heard Doc Soccer foaming
at the mouth about a Doc Soccer president.
What do you think about the whole Flowers for Jack Thompson campaign?
I have better things to do with $20.
Let the little maggot run his mouth.
I don't care.
He's not going to stop me from buying the game.
There you go.
You can put the $20 down towards the game.
That's a very good point.
And if he somehow makes it that a game is not coming out, don't worry, somebody will
find a way and we'll have it.
Very true.
Very true.
Anything else you want to share with our callers tonight, DJ Rama S?
Basically earlier about the whole Jared, Nintendo thing being fat, whatever.
Get up, go outside, and play.
Don't you think they blew his quote a little bit out of context, though?
Do you think you really meant it?
It's the media.
It's the media.
They always blow shit out of proportion.
Well, true.
Yeah, I can agree with you there
All right, I just I just let it go and I just do my thing and it's good. All right, sounds good
Rama Rama, thank you so much for the call. We appreciate it. Okay, you got it. Hey, everybody
All right. Let's go to another call. Hello. You're on orange launch radio. Oh, hey. Hi, who's this?
On the forums, all right, I keep turning down your stream going out
I was calling to ask you guys a question since I know that you guys originally started out
as really a Bimani music games podcast radio thing.
I wanted to ask what are your favorite songs to DDR2?
All right, we'll go ahead and answer that question. We're hearing a little bit of feedback, so I'm going to let you go, but stay tuned.
Favorite songs to DDR2 per Keith? What do you think?
We were hearing a little feedback, so we had to let him go, but...
Holik.
Holik?
Yeah, you know Holik's always my warm-up song.
Yeah, good song.
And Superstar.
Good song. Loki?
I liked, was it, Movin' On by LNG from Fifth Mix, which is pretty cool.
And Rain of Sorrow was pretty cool from Max 2.
My favorite old school song is Oh Nick Please Not So Quick, because you know,
erotic, awesome. Say What You Want, Don't Hate, Don't Hate, that song's awesome.
And my favorite new school song is Skulk by Echo Image
in DDR Ultra Mix 2, because that song is awesome. I love that song. It like totally
breathed new life into DDR. Love it. Let's go to another call, see if we have some luck over here.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
It's Legend of Zaku, what's up boss? Hello, Zaku, what's on your mind? Hey,
did you know we got your poster yeah I did yeah I sent it over the you know
a month ago anyway it's only got 2d x you but I know it's so late
he was so late in the game because I was so poor but I must find the money
no we love it we love the poster is so awesome it's hanging here in the studio
it's an in the groove to sign poster it's its hope
if you listen to our old show like the old live show we did
you'll understand why that's hilarious but for now is that go I gotta get to
what I gotta keep a move what what
brings you to call tonight? Well, I got 2DX and all.
I'm just trying to break into it. Any advice? Because I just started
playing that, you know, I think a couple weeks ago
and so far I've pretty much poured out 9 style to
you know, to its prime. When Zaku, now for those who don't know what Zaku's talking
about, 2DX, because we have a lot of people on the podcast who may not have heard of these
games,
2DX is Beat Mania 2DX
and it's actually gonna be released here in the US very soon as Beat Mania. In
In fact, I think the cover art is out there on the internet right now.
But folks have been importing these games from Japan for years now.
There's a whole lot of these games out in Japan.
It started with third style, don't ask, but it started with third style, and all the way
through tenth style now, and supposedly 2DX Red on the way as well, which was eleventh
style for lack of a better term.
The whole lot of these games out there with a hardcore following, and finally we're going
be getting a version of it here in America soon.
As far as getting started with it, I think the best way to learn, I don't think they
still have this in the newer styles, but in 5th style and 6th style they had what was
called a drill mode and it would show you how to do certain key patterns and of course
the game uses a turntable and white and black keys so you play rhythms and make your own
beats and the old 5th and 6th have drill mode which I think is a great way to learn how
to play the game and sometimes it can be really obnoxious because you have to do a lot of
repetition but it's really good it gets you really good at the game yeah I think
I should I think I should have gotten that because you know nice all doesn't
really have that much except for beginner mode the only thing I'm trying
to do right now is trying to do the ranking does night style have the mode
where you can practice the song and slow it down like two guys yeah yeah you
could you have those modes where you can actually practice measures in training
mode that's the best way to do it when there's lack of a drill mode take a song
You can almost pass pass and slow it down in that mode and work at it because most of beat mania is just hearing the
Rhythms in your head and knowing when to hit the keys and that's really the best way to be good at it, right?
All right
Anything else in your mind exactly? We got to keep it moving, but
All right, you know just just saying, you know, just saying what's up and everything. All right, what type of game are you?
Basically, I don't think I call myself casual, but I'm on I'm like up there
Not hardcore not really casual, but in the middle like devoted pretty much have an open mind on you know many games
So would you say you're devoted?
Sort of I mean with DDR. Yes, and with Bahmani also and then you know
I also have my first-person shooters in my in my ROMs. Okay, and all the other internet things
Yeah, you sound devoted to me. You're devoted. I hear I dub you devoted. All right, Zachary. Thanks so much for the call
Take care. Yeah any comment later?
Alright, thank you guys for your calls, we appreciate that, we're going to keep things
moving here on Orange Launch Radio tonight, but of course we appreciate the calls as always.
If we have time later in the show, I don't know if we will tonight, but we'll take more
calls a little later.
Moving on though, we've got other news, starting off with PlayStation 3 news.
Jamie, you have some news on the PlayStation 3?
I do indeed.
there's a it has been predicted that by an analyst by the name of even Wilson
has predicted that the ps3 will launch in November in North America with a
summer launch in Japan followed by a March 2007 European launch so however
this conflicts with what a lot of the analysts over here are saying regarding
when it's going to be out however he's actually gone on this this analyst has
gone on to predict volumes for the system as well he believes that the ps3
will have a million units in Japan in summer with similar volumes in the US
November and again a similar number in for the European market and that they're
basically going to exceed the Xbox 360 all right well we'll see we'll see if it
There's a lot of words going back and forth on it'll be out in November, it won't be out in November,
but most people seem to be looking at November now, which is a good time to release your system right before Christmas.
Right before.
Now, also on the PS3 front, we had some titles get thrown out there earlier this week?
There were some titles put out, and then they were sort of pulled back.
Well, what happened?
Let me, hold on a second.
Sure.
Okay. Basically, the Japanese Playstation site put up a few links to six games they had up on their site, and then took them down without explanation.
So, was it that they said, huh, maybe we shouldn't put them out and just hope they don't notice?
GameIndustry.biz got something out of a Sony spokesperson that said we're working on the launch of the PS3 and confirmed a list of titles that will be announced at the appropriate time.
Hmm.
I guess that wasn't it, was it?
Do you remember what any of those titles were? Sure.
According to one of my sources, there was Genji 2, Angel Rings, Monster Carnival, Everybody's
Goth 5, Gran Turismo, and Eye of Judgment.
Gran Turismo would be a pretty sweet launch title in this country, I know that.
Some we do know of though is Metal Gear Solid 4, there was a demo of a Tekken game, and
There's still speculation regarding the Final Fantasy franchise.
Very interesting.
Also there is in development a version of Unreal Tournament 2007.
Awesome.
I also can confirm this, there was another story that ran on joystick.com earlier this
week.
Virtua Fighter 5 for PlayStation 3 has been confirmed, and it's actually coming from this
month's issue of Electronic Gaming Monthly.
Virtua Fighter 5 is coming to the PS3, and it might be exclusive, and then there's a
sexy little screenshot, but I don't know if that's actually from the game or just something
the site put to kind of tag that with, so.
But certainly fans of Virtua Fighter, of which I know one, and she's in the room, I thought
you liked Virtua Fighter.
I loathe Virtua Fighter.
Oh wow, okay.
Then I don't know anyone who likes Virtua Fighter.
I'm the Tekken fangirl.
I know you liked it.
I thought for some reason you were also, I get the Sega thing.
Virtua Fighter made me gag so much when the first ones were out I was not able to enjoy
the series ever since.
I'll tell you what Virtua Fighter made me made me gag Virtua Fighter 2 on the
Genesis
where they took it and made it 3D. Exactly! Except Virtua Fighter Kids was kinda fun.
Alright, let's talk more PlayStation 3. Loki,
you have some stories about like there was like a survey going on with PlayStation 3?
Yeah, a survey that's been around going around too basically cuz
I don't know if anyone's actually played online with the PlayStation 2.
It's basically a big clusterfuck of what's going on. They don't really have a
system. It just kinda
out there and the original idea for Sony for the PlayStation 3 was
hey it worked before let's go ahead and do it again and
they're kinda looking at that like maybe we should
you know come out with something like Xbox Live anyways so the thing that's going around
right now is there
about 33 questions or so asking different things like for example some
things they hint at
a specific lobby only for adults would that be you know something that you'd be
interested in
with the sexy itoy plugin.
Itoy plugin for game lobbies, USB keyboard support,
just, you know, all the standard stuff that you pretty much see in Xbox Live.
They're asking, hey, you want this? You know, that type of thing.
Which, I mean, begs the question, if they're not going to have
USB keyboard support, then why the hell do they have so many USB ports on the
goddamn thing anyways?
That's what I want to know. So, of course they're going to have USB support
for the, um, you know, keyboard. So that's something that's kinda like going on right
now on friends lists and whatnot.
So, be interesting. Alright now moving on I think this is PlayStation 3 related
something about Pioneer?
Yeah, Pioneer, um, the people making the blu-ray player,
um, they threw out some crazy numbers for what they thought that the PS3 launch
was gonna be
and this I had to laugh. Um, see originally the estimates were, um,
1,000,000 units for launch in the United States while Pioneer is saying that they are going
to have as many as 7,000,000 units available for launch, right?
That's a lot of overtime.
I don't think so.
I mean, let's put it this way, unless they're planning on launching in 2009, it ain't going
to happen.
We'll see.
All right.
Moving on to a completely different topic, but this is somewhat PlayStation related,
but it's also Xbox related.
homebrew for the PSP that's not Tetris?
Yes, this homebrew is actually a port of a PC game which is also a kind of a knock-off
of Geometry Wars.
It's vector and vector for the PSP, very similar to Geometry Wars in the way it plays.
Of course the control scheme is a little bit not as good as the 360 because you don't have
the dual analog on a PSP, but it's really awesome.
It's only available though for the 1.5 firmware, so hopefully you've got that or you can downgrade.
It's available on your various PSP sites like PSPupdates.
Very cool.
So for those folks that can't get your Xbox 360 to play Geometry Wars, maybe this is a
good substitute.
Exactly, and if for whatever reason you can't get a version for the PSP, remember there's
still the PC version of the game which is available at bagfullofwrong.co.uk
slash games slash vector.html. Alright now moving on Loki you had some news on
Majesco something was going on with Majesco and Majesco is getting out of
the hardcore gaming business basically they're not making any more expensive
of games except for the budget titles and portable system games.
What big games did Majesco make?
I can't even think of any off the top of my head.
I think that the last game that they put out was Aeon Flux.
Well that answers a lot.
They've canned a couple of the games already.
What was in progress?
Taxi Driver and Demonic.
Oh that's right, I remember reading the report on Taxi Driver now.
Yeah, they're not doing too well as far as stuff that's coming out.
I know some of their games have been pulled, but it's probably just, they're just looking
you know self-preservation so yeah all right speaking of things gone bad I
thought this was a very interesting story that ran on one up calm it's a
little bit of a throwback to their you know sister company cuz there's if Davis
company and of course if Davis does the electronic gaming monthly magazine and
they're counting down to their 200th issue right now OMG and they ran a
a report on 1UP.com. What were the worst reviewed games ever in Electronic Gaming Monthly?
Oh, Majesco did Psychonauts. Okay, cool. All right, Electronic Gaming Monthly,
the worst 10, not the top 10, but the worst 10 games ever reviewed. Batman Beyond, number 10,
for the PS1. Who wants to beat up a millionaire on the Dreamcast? That was hilarious. That game
was fun got a 1.0 score powerpuff girls paint the townsville green for the game
boy color and then right behind that at number seven powerpuff girls bad mojo
Jojo also for the game boy color it was also in the same issue kiss pinball for
the PlayStation one was number six remember that the psycho circus game
yeah urban champion II which was for the game boy advance for some reason for
For some reason, I think they re-released this on the Advance, it was one of their games they put on the Advance.
Urban Champion, that game sucked balls on Nintendo.
It's like Nintendo's little blemish of the 8-bit era.
I mean, who remembers Urban Champion?
I mean, like, Hogan's Alley, awesome.
Other games, other 8-bit classics made by Nintendo that were forgotten about like that were awesome.
But Urban Champion, easy forgotten.
Number four, The Guy Game.
It wasn't that bad.
Rebuttal.
It was a good trivia game in which you look past all the like really crappy, yeah, topless
stuff and, granted, you had to memorize questions, but they did have a mode that like randomized
stuff and it wasn't so bad.
Number three, Mortal Kombat Advance for the Game Boy Advance.
It was pretty poopy.
Number two, the number two worst game of all time, according to an EGM list here on 1UP.com.
The Flintstones Bedrock Bowling.
a reason why I never heard of that game apparently. Here's the number one worst game of all time
reviewed on EGM, and it's a game I own, because it was a gift. Ping Pals, for the Gameplay
DS, or for the Nintendo DS, was the worst reviewed game of all time. And rightfully
so, in many ways, because Ping Pals kind of sucks. Loki, you're shaking your head.
No, I think there's a worse game out there, and this is basically the Manos, the Hands
of fate for PC games. It's called Big Rigs. If you go to GameSpot.com and look for the
review on Big Rigs, the game came out...
Now this is not the same as Big Mother Truckers.
No, this isn't the same as Big Mother Truckers. It's a Big Rig racing game and the AI doesn't
move. The other cars don't move, so it's impossible for you to lose a race. The physics aren't
there. You fall through bridges. You can drive off the map. There is no limit to your acceleration.
So you can hold down and go a million miles an hour and then hold the acceleration down.
It's just an awful game.
There's not many maps.
It doesn't really work and crashes all the way through it.
Just watch the review.
It's hilarious.
It's one of the worst games of all time.
I think it's gotten like a zero.
I mean it's so awful.
I was going to go around and ask what do you think were things that they missed on this
list.
I was going to say Sprung for the DS which is a game I reviewed on the show half a year
ago probably now at this point.
That game was so awful.
It was so awful, it wasn't even like a game.
Sprung definitely deserves to be in the bottom ten here.
Dark Soccer, any come to mind for you?
I haven't really played anything crappy because usually I get my opportunity to, I read up
on it before I get it anyway.
I don't think I've played any crap this year.
Was there a game that you didn't like that a lot of other people liked?
There were games I thought were overrated.
I mean certainly, I like Ridge Racer a whole bunch, but I thought Ridge Racer 6 was kind
of overrated.
I can't say that there's any that I really dislike that I actually played, put effort
into.
Fair enough, fair enough.
Alright.
Oh yeah, Smackdown vs. Raw on the PSP because that game annoys the hell out of me.
Some comments from the chat room, some folks there are putting in their own two cents here.
funny dale says worst game of all time back to the future for the NES
back to the future two and three
E.T. on the twenty six hundred
I actually played E.T. on the twenty six hundred when I was like six years old and found it entertaining
but of course I was six years old so you know and the Smurfs on Gleeke's Vision
the Smurfs was badass
Hey I love the Smurfs game I played that all the time when I was like four
uh... MagMax on the NES
how about Night Trap
What's her face? Yeah, I know and she's dead now. Let's see. Um, Raj says Barney's hide-and-seek for the Sega Genesis
I got one ice world. I got our spice world's awesome
non-stop
Street fighter to the movie the game. Oh
That takes the cake there. Let's see. Um
Ra says but but Shaq foo
That's a very good one. Nint says universal combat was mixed missed on the list there
lots and lots of good stuff there oh I know I know one that I cannot stand I
hate this game I think it's the worst game I've ever played it's worse than
sprung what pit fighter ah I think was like an Atari game that came out years
ago oh my god it's awful it was like they use like live capture stuff it's
awful carnival I never played it is a shooting game where you go through like
an evil twisted carnival and it was kind of stupid horrible or time killers
horrible horrible all right moving on I know a lot of folks there in chat room
getting in on that but we need to move on here and we're gonna go over to Loki
who's got a story some good some good final stories for us tonight you know I
know a lot of you people out there want to learn Japanese and you think you can
just sign up for a Japanese class and you know you'll learn it like that it's
it's easy stuff right right our Sakura Japanese language is cake I'm just
Well, here's a way you can learn Japanese the fun way, right, Loki?
What's the fun way to learn Japanese?
This is learn Japanese with knuckles.
Knuckles from the Sonic franchise, of course.
Oh, you mean the knuckles on my hand?
Like if you get the question wrong, pow, I hit you.
No, as in Sonic and Knuckles.
Anyways, they have this homemade RPG called Knuckles in China Land, which I don't understand
why it's China Land if you're learning Japanese, but whatever.
Basically you can learn, they have all of the hiragana and katakana symbols in there as well as 6000 kanji and you can actually learn using this game.
And you can find it at www.kicl.info
And it's a free download of course and go check it out. Awesome.
Um, the other things, let's see here, wait I just have to say Super Pitfall for the NES.
Tarnish the Pitfall name, that game is garbage, absolute garbage.
I got it as a present from like a family member who didn't know much about games, it was garbage.
How about the Sega CD version of Dragon's Lair, that was missing scenes?
How about anything on the 3DO?
The Zelda game?
That wasn't a Zelda game?
Like anything on the 3DO.
Actually, didn't 3DO have the racing game? Well, forget it.
And the sitting thing on the Jaguar with the exception of Tempest 2000, well is it Tempest X, and Defender 2000.
Alright, okay, what else? A couple more things real quick.
Sure.
This is just hitting the web right now.
Multi-Theft Auto San Andreas 1.0 has finally been released.
The PC version of Grand Theft Auto that they've modded to allow multiplayer games in,
which I think they should have done from the start.
It's available right now if you go to lite.mtavc.com
MTA as in you know multitheftautovicecity.com
You can check it out.
Looks like it's going to be pretty good.
Lots of mirror servers right now because it's being hammered to death but
if it's anything like multitheftautovicecity it's going to be amazing.
So yeah, one last thing of course we've got
it's, and we mentioned this before, it's
eBay for Animal Crossing. Yes, all those people out there that
just really want that rare stuff that you can't find. I gotta have the
Metroid.
I must have the Metroid. Exactly.
Then your answer is nookbay.com. Check it out. You can actually bid on items
in virtual currency, you know, the bells, and they have everything, you know, golden
axes to bonfires, Mario items, the rare items like Metroid, Pikmin, massage chair, you name
it.
Nookbay.com.
So, it's amazing.
All right.
Well, we're about ready to wrap up the show here, but I have to respond to a chatter real
quick because, you know, we do have this interactive thing going on.
Funnydale says in the chat room here, I got news for you, Sky.
pitfall games that came out after the first one have tarnished the name of
pitfall no no no no pitfall to the Mayan caverns on Atari 2600 one of the
only Atari 2600 games to feature background music that game was badass I
enjoy it more than the first one but the first one is a legendary game I do love
that game a lot so I have to disagree with you there but maybe you just forgot
so I'll let it slide but yeah a lot of the other ones that came out after that
were garbage but we'll see anyway that's all I have to say Loki any last-minute
I know you're ruffling through the pages of the internet right now.
Yeah, well, just a little fun little thing here.
Okay.
They have, everybody loves, you know, the prints from Katamari,
and now you can make your very own prints to put on your desktop at work.
They have a paper model actually you can download and print out and make.
make. It's at fccafe.fc2web.com
slash p-t-a-m-a-c-y
.html and go check it out
and they've got your own little prints for you.
Cute. Alright, it's time to wrap it up.
I think we've had ourselves a good show tonight and I think it's time to end it. So now it's time to get our
final thoughts.
Next week on the program everybody we're gonna have an interview. I think it is
happening for sure next week it's going to be awesome we're having a rep from
game tap here the service that we talked about a couple shows ago going to be
talking about game tap in the plans for the future should be awesome so stay
tuned for that that'll be next week here on the show other exciting interviews
coming up soon we hope we'll see what happens now let's go around and get
everybody's final thoughts Loki your final thought my final thought is I'm
going to actually play through all of Ridge Racer so I can get good to play
online for trickster six of course my final thought is I'm craving to go play
some pitfall 2 very soon because I thought about that game just now with
this show and it was so awesome dark soccer and that's another one of those
games look better on the Commodore 64 than it did on Atari just you know dark
sakura tonight we hook up the duo and actually play space fantasy zone you
have to tell us about it next week I will I'll give my review all right
that's it from us here at orange launch radio to you guys have a wonderful week
And we'll see you next time on Orange Lounge Radio.
