Tonight, January 22nd, 2006, is because Mondo and Mondo Trouble, a new Silent Hill trailer
hits the net and has everyone buzzing, and we talk about the worst reviewed video games
of all time.
Welcome everybody to Orange Lounge Radio. This is episode number 171. For this,
January the 22nd, 2006, we're here to talk about video games and what gamers really
want to know about, and of course,
you know, our old catchphrase, the video games
that don't suck, but sometimes we have to tell you about the ones that do suck,
just to tell you to stay away from them.
My name is Rob Roberts you might know me as sky joining me as always are my lovely co-hosts. Say hello to dark Sakura Jamie Summers. Oh
Your mics your mics off dear. No, it isn't. There we go. I can't find the ferret. Oh, there he is
I've decided the name of the ferret our our mascot ferret which we've had for the past
What three and a half years now that we've had a live show. What are we calling the ferret Senor Brito? Why Senor burrito?
Because? Is that a chatroom influence thing?
No, his name is Señor Burrito. Sounds like it. Okay.
Hey, don't mean to step on Señor Burrito over there.
Say hello to Señor Taco over there in the corner. Loki!
I'm not Señor Taco. I do not like tacos.
How are you? Sorry, Señor McDonald's.
I don't know what this is. It's not food, that's for sure.
That's why I don't feel bad eating it see I I can't get fat off of it because it's not actually food
It's like toxic waste in buns. Oh, yeah, and that won't make your ass big. That's that's for sure
All right. Well, we're here to have a wedding to prepare for I am
game over
We're here taping live on this Sunday evening, of course
If you've been living in a cave and you missed last week's show
We do now tape our podcast live on Sunday nights to allow our listeners to interact with us
and you can interact with us by heading on over to our chat room www.orangeloungeloungeradio.com
Click on chat or if you're listening taped on the podcast you can always send us an email
Our mailbag is mailbag at orangeloungeloungeradio.com
It's great. Send us an email. We'll get to the mailbag a little later
But first let's get to the games and talk about how our gaming weeks were
Because that's how we start things off here. Dark Sakura
Dark Sakura.
Mine was special, as in not very.
I actually went, made it to school this week, because I actually sort of started school,
and someone was in there playing puppies.
Playing that puppy game, Nintendogs.
Oh, people are still playing Nintendogs?
Yeah, and I was like, I quit playing that game, because I got kind of bored, and she's
like, BLASPHEMY!
this the one friend of yours that was at your bachelorette party that I just met
her okay nevermind apparently though she's someone who knows um rice princess
okay and small has been through the show Oh apparently knows of the show small
world so yeah what whatever happened to your friend that was like hardcore and
intend dogs that I I met at your bachelorette party and she had like the
Dalmatian and everything Oh Melchon yes um she's I think she's still playing
with her puppies but she's she's a Dan's assistant manager. That game just got old
I'm sorry to say. She's playing with the villages too with her village people. Are
they all doing the YMCA? No mine are doing the migrate out of Dark Sakura's
town right now. Mine are doing the let's go pick weeds. I'm actually I'm actually
harassing Lindbergh right now for all of his Japanese stuff in his house because
I'm remaking the shrine to fire. You know the best way to get people to move out
your town on Animal Crossing leave a lot don't talk to them ever and then they
leave because they feel ignored good is it is this sad that that we're talking
about a fake town on a fake video game no and yet the people like have these
real social interactions okay forget it anything else to share um no Loki yes
your gaming week you played anything yes um I did play um I actually got to play
a little bit more of my 360. I was playing Ridge Racer this morning and I love that game.
It plays exactly like every other Ridge Racer game. Probably because they haven't really
changed much in it. But it looks good and I got through quite a bit. Had to find the
right car, you know, because each car kind of handles a little bit differently. Then
I finally found my right car for it and now I'm kicking ass. And I do like the fact they've
had actually more downloads for it now, so there's more cars, and I purchased some of
the music that I liked from the other games, because you can download that as well, because
it costs money, boo, but I did that anyways, and I also played a little bit of Final Fantasy
11 for the 360 because they have the beta now that you can get with the official Xbox
magazine.
I was listening to other podcasts where folks were getting the Final Fantasy 11, it was
taking them like three hours to install it.
Oh yeah, yeah.
memories of the PC version hey guess guess what guys here's something you may
not know for those of you that are getting on the 360 for the first time
that weren't doing the PC expect those three hour patches like once every two
months because they'll change something big in the game and then everybody tries
to patch at the same time I have to say you know I don't want to start a whole
like MMO debate but World of Warcraft has their patching down like the way
they do it because they use peer-to-peer to do it it's it's smooth I've never had
a patching problem on World of Warcraft, but Final Fantasy XI? Ugh. Nightmares. Nightmares.
Well, okay, well playing, the only thing that I would say that's pretty good about this
is that the actual, like, screens and the play online stuff's really quick. That's really
quick. But that's about it. And then the rest of the game is exactly the same. In fact,
I play my 360 on a PC. So I was like, okay PC monitor, this should be a pretty good representation
of the difference between my PC version and this version. There is no difference other
than the fact that this one's in letterbox on my PC screen and the other one is not.
Also, by the way, if you don't happen to have a letterbox TV or you're playing on a monitor,
everything is going to be stretched.
Oh my gosh, they're going to letterbox it for regular TVs?
Yes, it's going to be letterboxed.
That chat dialogue is going to be horrible trying to read that stuff on a regular TV.
and you have to have to buy a USB keyboard in order to play this thing
it's impossible near or near possible play without it I mean but that's the
same
story with the PlayStation 2. Does any old USB keyboard work?
Yeah, pretty much. That's not gonna be a problem for most people. That's not a big problem but
the only thing I tried playing a little bit this morning
I can't really level up at all because there's a ton of new people starting
remember this is like a totally
brand new server that they're testing it on right now so everybody's like level one
it's like imagine all the rabbits in the very beginning the game
camp the hell I mean there's like no way to get
anything it kinda sucks and that
thats so it's a brand new game for every region right because
when when Final Fantasy 11 launched in the US we were hooked up
automatically with the Japanese servers well so this is just a beta test server
right now
so you know and I when I first played Final Fantasy 11 I bought Final Fantasy 11 on launch day
for the PC when it first came out like years ago and I don't remember that
being a problem of course at the same time I didn't know what the hell I was
doing in that game because that game just kind of throws you into it it
doesn't have a very excellent tutorial with it so you just kind of have to jump
in and get going and so I didn't even know to kill rabbits for like a couple
days you remember how long I was going through WTF mode in that game oh yeah I
was like I miss I miss I miss Ragnarok already yeah so it doesn't really
improve on anything, and I thought that at least you would have something improve like
the textures or something. It doesn't look any better than my PC version. It's like,
why the fuck would I go out there and pay $60 for this game? For a 360? There's no point,
really. If you have it for your PC, don't spend the extra money. Oh, Big Whoopie, it
has the expansion on there and you get some achievements unlocked. Who cares? It's $60.
it's not worth your money.
I think for the most part, people that own these next-gen systems probably have a PC
at home.
That's a pretty fair assumption.
If you're interested in an MMO like this, I'm sure that you've probably tried it out.
The other thing that also kind of sucks is that it's not really tied in with Xbox Live
too well.
You have to actually launch the Play Online viewer and all that stuff, and that's lame.
You're going to have to have Xbox Live and Play Online to play it, so you're going to
be paying two fees. Not necessarily. You only need silver to play this. So you only have
to really pay one fee. But I'm already paying for Xbox Live gold. What the hell do I need
to be paying another fee for? So I'm honestly, I'm not picking this up when this comes out.
I really don't care. In the expansion it's not going to be a big deal. And what they've
done with it so far, no I thought this was supposed to be the big huge thing. Ooh look
it's an mmo coming to the xbox who it's going to be amazing
i'm not amazed at all i'm not even impressed
a little bit
it looks just like a pc game i mean the pc version and has not proved in any way
whatsoever
now do you think someone like me or someone like jamie who has a wide screen
hd tv of a larger size than any computer monitor
sitting in their living room do you think we might benefit from it a little
more because will have a better
better visual
to handle it
I don't think so. The textures, like I said, aren't improved.
If anything, it's going to be a little bit blurrier for you guys, but that's about it.
You remember what I say, though. What's that? It's all about the gameplay.
And it's still Final Fantasy 11! And it still has crap for gameplay!
I don't want to sit here and bash 11 totally, unlike Jamie, because
it was a lot. I played Final Fantasy 11 for like two years, okay? There's a lot to
really like about the game,
and I suppose that I can at least applaud this coming out on the Xbox 360
because it's kind of making it more accessible to people who are turned off for whatever
reason by PC gaming, but honestly, there's always these debates like console gamer, PC
gamer, console gamer, PC gamer, you gotta, there's really good games on both.
You know, I'd rather see, as much as I really hate Phantasy Star online, I'd rather see
that on this, because at least that's a game I think that they would be able to benefit
and they'd have a new graphics engine and stuff. This is just a straight port and they
did nothing to it. They did not enhance anything on it. Now, I didn't see any lag. That may
be the only thing, but other than that, I mean, I haven't even gotten far enough yet
to see if there's any lag anywhere, but I'm not impressed, and I'm not going to be picking
it up when it comes out. Interesting. Unless they give it to me for free. But no, actually
no, I still won't pick it up because then I... Well, I am still paying for it right
now and I'm not playing it. Exactly, exactly. Yeah, what the hell, okay, well if they give
it to me for free, I'll play it, but that's about it. I don't think Square will be sending
you one for free after hearing that little assessment of the beta, so we'll see. Put
Kingdom Hearts on, like, freaking Xbox 360. That'd be cool. You can dream. By the way,
assuming all goes well, I should actually have my Kingdom Hearts very, very soon. Oh,
are you importing the one from Japan? Yes. Sweet. Alright. But I've also got my US one
preorder cool anything else that you're playing this week Loki Grand Theft Auto
lots of Grand Theft Auto Liberty City stores because I just can't get enough
that game we've been playing all the death matches again we're actually kind
of playing now with the cheat device a little bit because one of the things you
can do the cheat devices manipulate the gravity in the game and it'll actually
you can unload the cheat device and launch a multiplayer game with the
gravity in place. So I for instance could have like 0.1 gravity and other people could
be having just normal gravity and I'll jump way the fuck over them. So it's kind of fun.
My gaming week has been nothing that special. I haven't really bought a new game. I thought
about buying the Mega Man X collection because you know the Mega Man X collection came out
this week. And then I was reminded by some reviews out there on the internet that, oh
Megaman x4 and 5 kind of sucked so I
Make it an x4 was kind of cool. Wait. No, I'm sorry five and six X
But what was the last night last night had the sucker in it?
Okay, I take it back x5 and x6 kind of sucked but then like well x1 was kind of cool
Do I really want to pay all this again just to play?
You know x1 if you want to get Megaman x1 get Megaman powered up or Maverick hunter X the remake for the PSP
That's like 20 bucks. Is that out now? I
I think it's coming out the first week in February.
I saw some screens of that. That looked pretty hot.
And I liked the whole design your own level mode.
That's Mega Man Power.Mega Man, that's not...
Oh, am I getting him backwards? My bad.
Actually, I did want to ask you something about that.
It's all the X games, right?
Yeah, it's X1 through 6, and then they also put in something, some battle game.
Oh, Rockman the Power Battles?
No, because that was in the first one.
No, it's the Mario Kart type game.
Oh, okay. Battle and chase. That's it, battle and chase.
Did you give X3 a try? Did it have the stupid box around it?
Oh, I didn't actually play it. I thought about buying it. I didn't actually. Well, the thing is that I have Mega Man X3 on Saturn
and we know it was also on the Super Nintendo or Super Primacon.
The thing is that it put this weird box around it and it looks just like the Super Nintendo version.
So I was asking if they gave it the same treatment. No idea.
Maybe somebody in chat knows. Speaking of chat, chat has some feedback to what we've
been talking about so far.
For instance, Jaded2006 had a comment on Nintendogs.
Nintendogs died because nobody wanted another pet rock.
Kinda true there.
Another point here, somebody made a point on Phantasy Star
Online, I think it was Rini. Rini said,
Loki, don't forget, even Phantasy Star Online charges you per month
as well on top of the Xbox Live fees, at least the regular Xbox version does.
But that's the one good thing about this whole like silver and gold thing that I
see is that now we won't have that anymore, because that was my complaint about
PSO on the Xbox too,
which is too bad because PSO on the Xbox is like my favorite version.
I did like the one on PC a whole lot, but Xbox had voice chat, come on.
I was just... I guess you could use Teamspeak and stuff with the PC, but I don't know,
there's something
about having it all streamlined that's great. I'm hoping that there's gonna be an
MMO coming out that's actually, you know,
when you pay for gold, it's basically the same fee.
It's applied to it, so I don't have to pay these extra fees.
Alright, anyway, if you want to join our chatroom, mornsontrader.com, click on chat.
Speaking of MMOs,
one other game I've been playing this week, a lot more World of Warcraft,
because,
you know, Miek Latov, who was here on the show last week, convinced me to come back
after my little hiatus, so I've been playing on his server,
and I did our first instance.
well I think I think that's what you call it when you do the dungeon with
with party that's not high level we're only like level I think about about 16
17
and we're doing like a low-level dungeon I think they call it an instant still
yeah cuz like a you know harder quest it was actually a lot of fun
well the reason they're called instances because each dungeons loaded up for just
your party I
thought so I see it's a somebody was trying to tell me that was only in
Guild Wars that that happened and that's true Guild Wars does that too but
yeah I I realize that because none of the creatures were responding
When we were going through the dungeon and I was like maybe this is like just for us when we go through yeah
And that sure is so I like that was fun because the last time I play World of Warcraft
I didn't I only got to like level 20 with one character and I didn't have a lot of other people I knew on the
Server and I can be really anti-social on MMOs
because like this is this is what they talk about in MMOs you sit there in the middle of the town and they're all talking about
Chuck Norris and the you know the Chuck Norris facts website and it's like come on
They're all acting like there's I don't want to talk to those people
My roommate showed me how to block out the general chat.
Yeah, please!
G H, please.
No, and this one, they're all shouting for instances, you know.
WC party, need healer.
RFC party, need healer.
So now everybody knows I'm Horde on some server, because those are Horde quests.
Anyway.
Let's get into tonight's news, shall we?
Alright, the news.
Starting off the news tonight. Let's talk about the Gizmondo.
about the gizmondo gizmondo is one of those things we saw at e3 and we were
kind of like hey this this looks like it could be pretty cool well it is mondo
well dark soccer what's going on with the gizmondo well it looks like Tiger
telematics which is the parent company handling gizmondo stated that they've
offered the stock IP and patents of smart ads subsidiary as an equity on a
on a 21.2 million loan from their shareholders.
Oopsie!
Uh-oh, you mean the ad service wasn't a hit?
Okay, basically the terms of the deal,
the loan that was overdue to be repaid,
and also just for our UK listeners,
that's 12.68 million pounds.
You know what this is like?
This is like friends of mine who have been
in very bad financial situations.
They have to sell their car to pay the rent.
That's kind of what this sounds like to me.
Well, now, the catch on this one is that the loan
has to be repaid by March 30th, unless Tiger
can raise $75 million in new equity or debt by that date.
Then the company says it's working on securing that.
If it can get the $75 million, then $1.68 million of the loan
must be repaid immediately in the remainder
to come before June 30th.
And if the company doesn't get it or can't repay it, the two shareholders will be taking
over the smart ad system.
You know, we could save this company.
What?
It's the same thing that saved other companies, sidetalking.
Did you have something additional in this?
No, I don't.
No, nothing additional?
Nothing additional other than, I'm not surprised.
Why did the Gizmondo fail?
Why did the Betamax fail?
I think the Gizmondo failed because they didn't really have any
big-name games to kind of draw us to the system. You know, the
system's only as good as the games that are on it, right? And we saw this one game,
Johnny, whatever, that looked,
you know, whatever, it looked okay. But there was no, but there was no, like,
big draw, but it wasn't a big draw, you know what I mean?
And I never once, walking into a
a large store, like Best Buy, Fry, never once
have I seen a setup for Gizmondo. Well, Gizmondo, the problem with it also was
the games that were launching on it were
last-generation games. Also they have this wonderful
ad service in there where you have to watch ads in order to shut your system off.
Oh, I remember that. Ooh, that's fun. And also possibly talking about a redesign of
the system before the system launches.
Well, that's a great idea. That'll get people to buy your system.
Alright. Well, at least their system came out. That's more than we could say
about
about the Phantom. Exactly. Well, it's not over till it's over, but
you know, it's over. Moving on, other stories. I have a story here about the
ninth annual
Interactive Achievement Awards, because you know, it's award season,
and there's, you know, this group, the Interactive Achievement Awards,
they're handing out awards, and here's what's nominated for Game of the Year.
God of War,
Guitar Hero, Shadow of the Colossus,
Call of Duty 2 and Nintendogs, you notice what's missing from this list?
Resident Evil 4, which is getting a lot of awards.
So it's kind of interesting. And I don't know, maybe it missed the eligibility point or
something, because
Resident Evil 4 came out really, really early in 2005, so maybe it just narrowly missed some
type of
eligibility window, I don't know. Computer Games nominated,
Fear, Civilization 4, Battlefield 2,
Age of Empires 3, and the movies. Just a whole, whole lot of categories here. I'm
I'm obviously not going to sit here and read them all, but I thought it was interesting
because they have a cellular game of the year and nobody really ever talks about cell phone
games because most of them suck, but this might clue you into what a couple of the good
ones are, Mile High Pinball, Skipping Stone, 1, Ancient Empires 2, and High Seas, none
of which I've ever heard of on my cell phone, but I have Sprint and they have like different
games than the other people I think.
I always delete them, I like have Bejeweled on my phone or something.
I had bejeweled multiplayer for a little while, and it was alright.
I had Castlevania on the cell phone, which was cool for like five minutes, because it
was like, dude, it's just like Castlevania 1, but then you realize I'm trying to play
a game on my cell phone, and the action is like, so choppy, it's pretty bad.
So it's one of those things, like, I got this to listen to the theme music once in a while.
I don't know.
I don't know what else there is to say about that.
Moving on, Loki, what's going on in Nintendo's world?
Speaking of things that are new for this year, well, they've basically come out, Reggie, he
likes to talk up their new systems coming out and stuff, and kind of gave a bit, talking
to Sina, he kind of showed what their focus was for this year, mainly the stuff that they're
kind of trying to do with the revolution.
For example, they want to basically make their system more approachable to everybody by first
having a lower price tag than everybody else and also just kind of
probably making sure they have enough units out there and maybe launching on
time for everyone
you know what's interesting is that I seem to remember that was a big part of
their um...
talk behind that controller when they first showed the pictures of the
revolution controller they were like hey
everybody's used a TV remote so this makes it kind of accessible to everybody
which is an interesting argument yeah that way it's so anybody you know your grandma
can go pick up this game and figure out how to do this okay
If I need to slash a sword, I make a motion like I'm slashing a sword. It makes perfect sense.
Also, they're just basically focusing on entertainment
because, you know, the whole thing is no matter, you know, what your specs are of
course it's
you know, what we've been saying before, your console's only as good as the games.
So, focus on the good games and
pretty much
you know, that's about it. It's basically just
focusing on entertainment, making sure that their product is accessible to everybody
and that's how they think they're gonna win the next-gen
did he say anything about actually putting out twilight princess this year
that should be one of their goals i think
who have you noticed all has been kind of quiet on the twilight princess front
i don't know if this is still coming up still cut because we're in a quiet
period right now it's kind of a slow news period right now
but i don't know is just what will you laughing over there i'm laughing at the
book reference now
but i had to read that
anyway
uh... but no i
i think that
the point that they start being very quiet about something that either means
one or two things, something's going very well
or something is going horrendously wrong. What do you think is the case in the
PlayStation 3 which has also been very very quiet lately?
Horribly wrong. I've got theories on this one but
my comments on that are coming up on later issues. Alright fine.
My thing is I think they're starting to get towards the end here
they're starting to get towards their dates that they said they were
gonna hit and they're nowhere near hitting those dates and
I think that it's a bad sign right now seen is that none of the actual alpha kits have gone out for the PS3 and
So far we haven't yet to see an actual playable demo or anything. That's actually running
you know while we've seen some you know demos running on the hardware, but nothing playable and
The fact that you know the beta kits aren't even out this thing's nowhere near production
No one knows what the cost is no one knows when it's coming out. I I'm not even sure it's coming out this year
Interesting feedback here from SSJ 100 Matt, Nintendo's stocks are up six percent
and I do remember reading an article on this is that after there was that big
spiel about you know Nintendo will or the revolution will not be above this
price the stocks went up. I remember reading somewhere on the internet I don't
think the story made the cut for tonight but I remember seeing that somewhere on
the internet I thought it was kind of neat. Now I'm not sure if they're gonna be able to do
under $299 but let's just say they do $199 that thing's gonna fly off shelves
it's gonna be flying especially when you consider what you know that's like
three games for the 360
yeah it it's gonna be but you also have to consider what do you get with it
you know like is it gonna be $1.99 and then you have to buy
a controller and you know some other stuff on top of you know what are you getting for
that $1.99? Wait, you're getting the controller plus the nunchuck attachment
and they're also going to be having speculation this is all speculation of
course. Well that's what they've said
that's going to be included with it. You read something I did?
well this was a while back, they're also gonna be having you know obviously the service
we can play the old retro games I'm sure that they're gonna have
you know some of those you can play for free as well as some
that you could probably pay for the service and stuff
but probably gonna have a couple launch games
but I think it's not going to be as expensive because if you look at even
GameCube games and look at
Nintendo DS games and stuff, they're never as expensive as PSP games or
anything like that and I understand okay maybe the graphics are as good
So what? But it's still a game. It's not as expensive, though.
The highest I ever see a Nintendo DS game is usually about
$35. I'd say about $35 is as high as I've seen it, too.
I think that's what I paid for, um...
Oh, hell. Kirby!
Oh, not Kirby, because that was a present.
I know there's something I bought that was $35. I had to probably touch and go when I
first bought it.
Yeah. That's why I got it confused. It's the same game. It's just Kirby's a lot better.
yeah anyway moving on
I'm now a follow-up to something we talked about last week we talked about
this Nintendo DS redesign was on the way and
and there's gonna be this whole great announcement on Monday and then what
happened Loki
I have a Monday the only answer was that there's not a redesign Christian say
there wasn't going to be redesigned so
ever they say there was a new be really never they basically said
I'm we have no news to basically a
you know our system is awesome we have no news
regarding, you know, redesign. It says
but we have nothing to announce at this time. Nothing to announce
at this time. That's the key word. Meaning that there is going to be a redesign just not right
now. Probably something that they'll save for E3
or if there is going to be a redesign. Nintendo cannot
they cannot stand to leave something alone. There's always going to be a redesign.
You know what? I've seen great, great arguments out there on the internet
though
you know when people were debunking this. It's like, you know, if it's not broke, why fix
DS's are still selling like hell and somebody else sent me an article that also didn't make
the cut for tonight, but talking about how the Japanese are really really pushing to
get DS's back on shelves, they're even importing them back in the country and just crazy stuff,
you know.
So if it's not broke, why fix it?
They won't need to put out a new DS until DS sales slow down, which as long as they
keep putting out really solid games for it, probably isn't going to happen anytime soon.
With Tetris DS right around the corner, I think that's going to be a big motivator for
more systems. All they would have to do to make more of those systems fly out the
shells,
shoot, do another $20 price cut. Tetris DS and you also have
same month is gonna be Metroid Prime hunters. It's gonna be a huge month
for DS. And what's PSP got on the horizon?
What's PSP have? They have the new Splinter Cell Essentials.
Katamari is coming out in March.
They've got a new... I'm trying to think if there's anything else that is really big.
They have a lot of, there's 29 games for the PSP coming out
in March, so I mean that's a lot of stuff.
You know, speaking of DS, it's not on the outline for tonight's show, but
you had something about
Phoenix Wright, the DS game. What happened with this?
Another too popular for its own good? It is too popular for its own good,
and unfortunately if you don't have one right now and there are none
in your local store, you're not going to be seeing it until March. Because,
um like most Japanese games they get produced in Japan it's gonna be a six
week turnaround time
because Capcom is sold out of them right now
and no way you can get one until
March well yeah February March ish
well well well crazy alright well enough about what's going on in Japan and over
here in the US how about our buddies over in the UK dark soccer like to keep
tabs on what's going on
overseas the other way and fills us in with
the UK report. Well, we actually have an update
that the UK DS sales reached 1 million.
They have surpassed that 1 million unit sale,
which is pretty big since it's been out less than a year
over there.
They said that several of the major retailers
in the UK were completely sold out of the systems too
and so people have to wait for quite a while.
World wide sales are a good bit higher than 13 million now.
Wow, Nintendo just
knows how to do their handhelds, what can you say? Yeah, they are the pros.
Also, Dead or Alive 4 has a UK release date.
They said it will ship on January 27th.
For those of you guys that need your booby fix, it's on its way.
I warn you, the whole reaction system in that, that game's a pain in the ass.
And it's all, the last boss is the biggest cheeseball in the universe.
I'd like to mention something real quick about DOA4 that makes no sense to me.
Okay, I was playing that game, and there was one cutscene that they have where one of the
female characters is trying to buy a head of lettuce.
And this other female character, who seemed to be of royalty or something, took the lettuce
away from her, and then they fought.
What the hell is that for a story?
They're fighting over a goddamn head of lettuce.
That was so retarded.
And by the way, their boob's about way too much in this game still.
On the next Jerry Springer.
No, you have to set the age.
We've got the age set to 30, I think.
Because of Dan.
Because he likes bouncy boobies.
Oh wait, you actually set the age.
I haven't played this yet, so you set the age and that...
Yeah, if you don't want a lot of, you know, bouncy boobs and panty shots, then you can
set the age to, like, one.
So if you set it to, like, 70, it's, like, really perverted?
I think the highest it goes is 30, but, um, the last DOA game had, uh, an unlock that
you could put your age to 99, and it was like... everywhere.
So your age determines the bounce.
That's, uh, weird.
Yeah.
Anything else in the UK?
yes actually a game I'm actually pretty excited about in fact I'm
I might be doing something regarding
a translation of this game for the US but
that's another story. Tales of Fantasia
a Japanese RPG is going to be out on the
Gameboy in March in the UK and I'm actually pretty excited about that game
because Tales of Fantasia has a pretty unique battle system
I've seen a bit of it in action, the Japanese version, pretty cool intro too.
But it was out on the Super Famicom
back in the day. And of course, was it Tales of Symphonia?
And another game, one on PlayStation 2 and the other on GameCube
came out in the United States but we never did see Tales of Fantasia.
So I think it's pretty exciting that there's going to be a release for that on
the Game Boy Advance.
Of course, it's gonna be out in Europe at the end of March very cool
And then the United States sometime beginning the March very cool
All right. Thank you for that. Mark. Sakura. You're quite welcome. Our folks overseas. Appreciate you. They better they better appreciate you guys
All right, you know interesting comment here in the chat room
Summing up the dead or alive for story that Loki was telling us about dark Tetsuya says DOA for has a story
I think perfectly sums it up right there it's all about John Lee's ending which
is hilarious blink blink I'm not gonna spoil it because people have to get the
game and play it but it's like trumpet what's up with that fine all right
moving on to another article speaking of something coming out for the Game Boy
Advance pretty soon we've got Dr. Sudoku there's a brand new title coming out
based off Sudoku you know what Sudoku is right it's that puzzle game that has the
one through nine and you you you can only use each number once in a row and
in a column and in each nine three by three box and you can't go into a Barnes
and Noble without finding books on it everywhere exactly it's this huge puzzle
craze so of course you know they think hmm puzzle Game Boy Advance Tetris
best-selling game well shit we need to put Sudoku out there so Dr. Sudoku is
coming out in February it's got more than 1,000 puzzles and of course will be
the first of many many Sudoku games to hit various game systems just like
Tetris just like World Championship poker games and all that stuff what do
you think next big thing or just whatever maybe if I ignore it it'll go
away you know what's interesting I don't understand like the sudden interest in
Sudoku because these puzzle books that they've sold in store I remember these
from when I was younger like you know I was such a nerd that my parents could
buy me one of these books and we would go on a road trip and I'd shut up for a
long time and these Sudoku puzzles appeared in the books I want to say
it's like penny press or somebody puts out these books you can get them in
supermarkets these Sudoku puzzles appeared in these books a long time ago
except they were called something else had something with a more English title
like it was like crypto numbers or something was like the name of the
puzzles and why now is this stuff all the rage that's what I I'm not getting
people are trend whores I guess but it's just really weird you know and I'll
admit I've done a couple Sudoku puzzles like recently I was in a waiting room
for a long time and I was like you know there's New York Times and I was like oh
Sudoku I'll do the puzzle there but I don't know I can't see myself spending
money to buy this on Game Boy Advance you know I do think it's popularity is
a good thing because it's something that encourages people to actually use their
brains true true but you know I don't know I but it also to me Game Boy
Advance wouldn't match for me just the pen and paper version of doing it you
know imagine that having fun with pen and paper I know it's a it's a strange
concept for some gamer folks but you know go figure well you know there are
people who have actually forgotten how to write from typing so much hmm it
actually is a sort of epidemic thing in Japan where people have forgotten how to
write certain kanji because when you type you can select it from a list
interesting comment I'm reading chatroom for some comments on Sudoku Rini says
that Dr. Sudoku will be a battery drainer let's see
Ninst says it's the rage now because someone slapped a foreign word on it so
yes whores and Zander C has the same thing it's popular now because it has
the Japanese name now and then of course Wonder Dog Harold says they should have
a Pokemon Sudoku game that's nice that's how they sold Tetris attack nobody
bought Tetris attack on as well a couple people did but not a lot of people bought
Tetris attack when it was first out and had Yoshi and stuff slap some Pokemon
characters on it put it on the n64 Pokemon puzzle league is that why
Tetris DS has the retro Mario and Zelda characters in it probably probably and
and then of course we have VX Jason XV our lovely webmaster we love him in
chat says
you can't erase paper get an eraser mate get one of those eraser mate pens
yes you can erase paper that's part of the frustration of Sudoku
at least a couple times I did it alright anyway
moving on I did Sudoku once but I'm trying to cut back
I know it sounds it sounds kinda scandalous doesn't it Sudoku
Loki, what's going on in the movie world? We have, oh my god, House of the Dead 2?
They're making a House of the Dead 2?
That was exactly my reaction.
Dear God, why?
When I saw it on our list of movies, you know, upcoming movies, I was like,
why the hell would they make a sequel to that? Didn't they lose enough money on the first one?
And it's not U.E. Bull this time.
It's not U.E. Bull.
So it might be good.
It might be that rare sequel that's better than the original.
are you have to remember it's not just a director that ruins a movie okay you
have the same writers as the you know alone the dark and house the dead in
this one it's also scary as you have these same writers are doing a dead or
alive movie as if you couldn't tell that one was gonna suck now what's great
though is this movie it says it picks up where the last film left off where the
government operatives investigate the island and the mysterious house so in
In other words, the first game, because the last one was a prequel to everything.
So is that like Jurassic Park 2 when they went back to the island to research the dinosaurs?
I don't know, but...
Are they going to whip out keyboards and have letters pop up in front of the zombies, or...
Is Julianne Moore going to be in it, because, you know...
No, not Julianne Moore, but you have sticky fingers, is going to be it.
Oh, God.
I just hope it has some of the cheeseball dialogue that was in the game.
There was nothing we could do.
Let me play this way, folks.
if you're gonna if do not buy this when it comes out on DVD instead you can
watch it for free when it premieres on sci-fi on
February 11th. Yeah but it won't have titty on sci-fi. Well it's not gonna have titty anyways
probably
well actually no nudity and brief sexuality okay well yeah so no nudity
in the sci-fi version but really are you missing anything no you're not
but it might be one of those movies is so bad it's good
you know like one of my favorite like blood rain like showgirls one of my
favorite movies of all time
So bad, it's good. No, it's it's and like if you watch it on vh1
It's even worse because they draw the bras on and everything. I love showgirls because so so bad
Anyways, you don't know shit if you are, you know, if you are masochist when it comes to actually
You're watching these movies. The DVD will be released in United States on March 21st
as well as also debuting on sci-fi channel on February 11th, so check it out.
Well let me set my TiVo now. Let's talk about a more promising movie, shall we?
Let's talk about Silent Hill. The trailer hit the internet this week and it's
getting a really good reaction. I've already made two icons from it.
Have you seen that the Silent Hill website now is updated and changed?
It looks awesome. They did this whole flash thing with it where it
looks all nice at first and like it was creepy on you all of a sudden and they
got like cool backdrops and stuff it's welcome to silent Hill calm did you did
you guys all watch the trailer yes what you think yes I did as I made to I call
it you know I had to ask yeah oh it looks like it's for a lot of the stuff
in it has the same feel that the games do mm-hmm and like especially the scenes
with the nurses mm-hmm oh yeah that's yeah and pyramid head I it's it's great
because it seems like it really is gonna be a great video game adaptation.
These guys paid attention to the games.
And granted the story's a lot different, but we kind of have the characters from Silent
Hill 1 in a way, or the ambiance of Silent Hill 1 and the music.
We have a lot of the characters from Silent Hill 2, and then kind of the look of Silent
Hill 3 towards the end of the trailer, it looks a lot like Silent Hill 3, so it's kind
of got all of that.
signs of Silent Hill 4, but I suppose they want to leave room for a sequel or something.
But the cool thing I thought about the trailer was that they used music from the games in
the trailer, and we heard that Akira was going to do the soundtrack, then he wasn't, then
some other guy was going to do it, and it was going to be inspired by Akira Yomoka's
original score.
So I don't know if this is some of the score that's actually going to be in the movie,
but this is it.
This is great, because somebody just basically re-recorded what Akira Yomoka did.
It's awesome.
It fits the trailer very well.
He said he's going to be using elements from the original, so I think that that's more
where we got a lot of that from.
Well, usually I don't run out to go see these movies, but this one's actually one I'm looking
forward to.
The trailer's a little eh, but as far as the way they did it, it makes it a little cheesy.
But it looks good, and especially if you watch the teaser, the way they did the teaser trailer,
it's really...
The teaser was awesome.
That was awesome.
That had the total style of Silent Hill and everything.
And especially towards the end of the trailer when they show Pyramid Head again, you know,
it's going to be just awesome.
I'm scared I'm going to be really let down, because my expectations now are so, so high
for this movie.
I'm really scared I'm going to get let down by it.
I think it's one of those films, at some point they're going to have to be good.
They're going to have to start being good, and I think what people need is a movie that
set the bar so that people will stop going to see these piece of crap movies that we
Bowl puts out, because they're really bad and they need to like have some people out
there go, you know what, this is what a video game movie should look like, I'm not paying
to see this crap, stop putting this crap out, you know, talk to these studios, that's what
they need to be doing.
I honestly, I would have to say, because they would have to get that degree of accuracy
and to keep the story that far in line, they'd have to be working fairly close with the creating
team out of Konami.
Well, you know the Konami logo shows up at the end of the trailer, so that was kinda cool, so...
I mean, I suppose that's a property rights thing anyway, but, you know, I'm still promising.
But that also offers hope, though, that if Konami is getting in on that and making it so...
good, you know?
That they won't fuck up Metal Gear?
I'm- I- I want...
Or Castlevania, which we-
I want so bad for a Metal Gear movie.
Yeah, but you heard those rumors that U.E. Bull was looking at the script?
I don't know, I think it was just rumors that started by somebody.
I think that in this case, I really pray that his reputation is a heated we'll see
Alright moving on now, you know, there's lots of things that lazy people do and one of them is watching a lot of movies
One thing could be playing a lot of games. In fact, one of these
Folks who lost a lot of weight recently has been in the media says that games made him fat right Loki
What's going on with this?
well
Jared and he was apparently a big Nintendo fan Jared like the subway guy. Yeah. Oh, okay that guy
Yeah, he he was a big Nintendo fan a big fan. But anyways, yeah apparently
little too addicted to the home console system and
Didn't really he ended up being about nearly 425 pounds just sitting there playing his Nintendo
No, I don't think Nintendo is the sole thing to blame here, obviously.
He needs to be blaming himself for not getting his ass up off the couch and going outside and exercising.
He has himself to blame, and trust me, I've lost 80 pounds.
I know that what it took from me was getting my ass up off from in front of the TV and going and working out and eating right.
He had to have done the same thing, right?
right yeah he says he had um you know one hand on the controller one hand in a
bag of chips so you know who we need to come in after potato chips they're the
root of all evil to take responsibility for himself and you blame it on his own
personal weakness people themselves are responsible for their own health okay
here here devil's advocate for a minute is Nintendo and enabler or video games
in general.
It was still his choice.
It was just there.
No.
It's the same thing as sitting and watching pay per view all day.
I kind of call it the same thing.
Video games in that regard are no different from sitting on the couch watching pay per
view, porn, wrestling, porn, internet, chat rooms, you know, it's all the same.
It was his choice to sit and play the game, and it was his choice to eat potato chips,
his choice the types of, and then to his credit he made the decision to do something different.
He decided one day to get up and eat something better, even if it was Subway, God, Togo's
is so much better, but he made the decision to put some effort and take responsibility
for himself.
go back and blame Nintendo for his obesity? Just completely cast a big shadow over all
of what he's done.
At the same time though, is the gamer community taking this one little quote and blowing it
completely out of context?
I think it is. I think it's just a spin on the story. I'm sure it's probably something
like, you know, how did you know I used to sit around playing my Nintendo. I think he
was just probably trying to point out that he was lazy and eating, you know, he wasn't
eating right, and someone's like, oh, he said Nintendo, oh, it's all their fault.
I'm kind of seeing it a little bit like that, too. I mean, we can kind of poke fun,
but in a realistic way is that, you know what, use Jared as an example that, you
know, if you
are feeling fat, you should put down the controller and
go walk, because he said, it wasn't, he says that it's not just Subway that made him
thinner, it was getting up and walking, going on walks.
I need to actually quote Legend of Zaku here, because I
fully believe this. I'm going to, big, happy quote for me, yeah.
America, the land that personal responsibility forgot.
You know, it says though, since he did
was almost 425 pounds. He would have been about 600 pounds, though, if he were playing World of
Warcraft instead of Nintendo.
I know, just think about if they had a World of Warcraft back then. Man, he'd be...
Alright, moving on. He'd be dead.
So, real quick, how much
gaming is too much and how can you prevent
yourself from being 400 pounds overweight
like Jared or whatever he wants I'm sorry I'm probably grossly over
exaggerating but
but how can you prevent yourself from being that overweight
well I was you know I was on my way there
unfortunately I moved out here from Alabama and
put on something like well actually I'm now under what I was when I
under what I would when I moved out here but I I did put on something like 70
pounds
and um, cause Dan and I are both gamers we
sat around playing Street Fighter all day seriously I mean I'm not joking it was
that or Castlevania Symphony of the Night
and um I finally hit my saturation point
in uh 2003 and said you know I can't go on this way anymore
I right then and there I didn't consider it a diet I made a lifestyle change
You have to incorporate little changes into your life
and make them have it. Go outside the game.
Exactly. What you do, and I played DDR for a while. DDR was helpful. It was exercise.
It was fun and exercise.
But I learned to like going to the gym. I got involved in classes.
I worked out with my friends who were also. It's good to have a friend who has
the same goals as you.
But it's hard to really do it by yourself but
the main thing to remember is that if you see that your lifestyle right now is
causing you a problem
you need to change your lifestyle you don't need to say oh well I'm gonna go
on a diet
you know lose 20 pounds and say okay my diets done I won and then gain it all back
that's not how it works you know I have a really interesting observation on the
whole
gaming and diet thing see it was quite interesting to see before I used to play
like Final Fantasy 3 and stuff you know really long RPGs and I wouldn't really
you know get out and do anything then I went and played actual Qsar and that was a lot of
exercise and stuff
They stopped playing Qzard to play Final Fantasy 7 and 10 and stuff
and I got really lazy again. Then DDR came out and I started playing a lot of DDR and that got me
back to exercising. Then Final Fantasy 11 came around and I...
You wanna see a trend? It's all Final Fantasy's fault.
You know, along this, and I want to keep moving, but I did want to say this real quick
is that, you know, DDR is a great
revolution in games, but at the same time it's not the magic
weight loss program. You can't just
play DER and expect to drop 50 pounds.
I think, kinda like Jamie said, it's gotta be a bit of a lifestyle change to it.
You can't just play DDR for 15 minutes a day.
It'll help and you'll get some extra, but you're not gonna really,
it's not gonna be like this magic, just watch the fat fly, you know, it's
different. Now if you're doing what I was doing and playing DDR for an hour, hour and a half
every day, you know, after I got my, you remember when I got my long Dreamcast
Back when I was playing DDR daily for an hour trying to beat the harder stuff
And it was that challenging myself is what kept me going finding personal satisfaction in the competitive side of it
Let me use a real-life scenario to kind of illustrate what I'm saying here
We sometimes me in a group and sometimes you guys would go and what have you just depend we used to go out every Wednesday
And we'd meet up at the arcade for DDR and whatever else and then after we were done
we would go to Brookfield's and dine on cheese sticks and soda and
and soup that's really high in fat and stuff
see that's what I'm saying is that you there was no change there
because you go play DDR and it's like damn that game made me hungry I'm gonna eat
I'm gonna eat a whole basket of cheese sticks by myself. I actually did these
way when we were doing that regularly
really but you weren't ordering the same stuff were you? Well no
but then again that was when I was also doing my I think I'm gonna be a
vegetarian now shtick
and then I went back to eating meat in 2003
yeah I did the vegetarian thing for two weeks too. And now my body's
forcing me into being a vegetarian, but that's just because of my antibiotics.
Alright, new subject, we gotta keep it moving here. We still have a lot we want to cover here
before we get a break.
Starting with Kojima.
You know Kojima, he's the guy that does Metal Gear. He did, John.
He has this kind of podcasting going on. Those of you guys that are into the podcasting
thing might get a kick outta this,
is that there's actually a podcast show that he's doing and
he even incorporates Solid Snake into it, which is kinda silly, but whatever.
It's over on Hideo Kojima's blog, which is www.blog.konami.jp
dot, I'm sorry, slash GS slash Hideo blog. You know what, just go to
blog.konami.jp, you'll find it. And it's also now in English as well.
You can find his own podcast show, and it's called
HIDECAN RADIO, okay? But it's not in English,
Okay, so you have to kind of understand at least a little bit of Japanese unless you just want to listen to like
Japanese talk like if you're an anime and you just like listening to sexy Japanese talking or whatever you might get a kick out of
This it's a good educational tool. That's true
Yeah, oh, man. I was gonna go in real life story. We don't have time
I was gonna talk about Telemundo and in Spanish, but that's right because I love me some tell me
Anyway, um
Let's change stories now check it out if you like radio and and Kojima
What's going on with Video Games Live?
That tour kind of comes and goes and comes and goes.
What is it doing now, Jamie?
Is it coming or going?
It's actually closing the Game Developers Conference in San Jose.
Basically, it's just going to be Video Games Live concert featuring performances of music
from various classic game titles.
It's going to be on Friday, March 24th and performed by the Symphony Silicon Valley Orchestra
and it's full chorus and so we have the pong music again it says among the games
to be highlighted we have Mario, Zelda, Halo, Metal Gear Solid, Warcraft, Myst,
Castlevania, Medal of Honor, Sonic, Kingdom Hearts, and Final Fantasy along
with a retro classic arcade medley featuring over 20 games all right sounds
good get your tickets soon it's gonna sell out all right now we're gonna move
on to another topic this one's kind of a long topic and the chat rooms actually
been asking about this like all night long when we're gonna get to this so
here we go you guys probably heard earlier this week there was a gamer out
there who took his own life and it was he was a member of this forum well and
it which was what a Metal Gear Solid forum if I remember unfortunately here's
the thing the media kind of tied a knot of this story and I'm even looking at
this article that Kotaku ran on it that really was trying to kind of sort things out about
what the media misreported.
I think the media said it was a Bulgarian website at some point or something.
It was crazy.
And certainly, we don't want to make light of this tragic event and it's very sad that
somebody decided to take their own life.
But unfortunately, now it's kind of as these types of tragic events tend to make happen
is that activism comes out in many, many different ways.
There's types of activism.
There's good activism, and there's bad activism, and we're going to talk about both those types
of activism that have been going on.
So let me kind of start with this, is the article on Kotaku that they were kind of reprinting
something that was posted by, I want to say, Tim Rogers, talking about kind of the misrepresentation
of the AFP story.
I'm going to read little blips of this here.
I'm going to get political with you for a moment.
Our website, run by some people I respect, metalgearsolid.org, has been shut down by
a government agency following an AFP Newswire story reported on Yahoo News and CNN about
how a member of their forums broadcasted his suicide via webcam as other forum members
egged him on.
Apparently, it was big news for a few moments over in America.
The worst thing is it's not true.
For one thing, the forum member who did in fact commit suicide did not broadcast his
death.
Moreover, the forum members tried with all their might to take him down.
What can you do is contact the AFP wire organization, tell them that you think this is horrible,
that they should fire the reporter responsible for these bizarrely malicious lies, and then
apologize as widely as possible.
If you want to read the whole thing, that was originally published over on insert credit,
but it also ran on Kotaku, which is where I first saw it.
So now we get to good activism and bad activism, and it relates to somebody that is quite the
activist in the gaming scene and everyone's I'm just turning it over to
Jamie everyone's favorite asshole sorry Jack Thompson I'm not going to mince my
words on this I'm going to say exactly how I feel and before he decides to come
after us and say these are my opinions of you I am exercising my first amendment
right you asshole Jack Thompson is a leech he is nothing but a parasite he
cares nothing about the person that committed suicide he cares nothing about
the family he cares nothing about the families of the people involved in his
cases he's working on he is using their pain and suffering to be a leech and use
it to further his goal of notoriety and to fill his pocketbook that is all he is
after he cares nothing about those families and of course is using the
gaming community by basically publicly defaming the entire community and what
did he do to demonstrate this to you this week it had to do with the basically
the letters and posts he was doing regarding the suicide that went on
basically and on top of that I find this exactly hilarious he was trying to use
the Bible to support and he's a lawyer he should know something like that would
not hold up in court excuse me no a devil's advocate for just a minute
because I'm curious here how do we know it's really him because these are being
done through anonymous posts on the game's politics website or sorry game
politics website right how do we know it's really him could it just be somebody
trying to raise of IP hmm also every other thing that I've ever read by him
it very much fits how he writes and I've gotten good at that because I've had to
hunt down impersonators and things before so you know I heard I read on one
these sites. You linked me the other night to somebody's one-up blog that had compiled
a lot of these posts together, which I thought was pretty well done, and I think they actually
posted in there some type of letter that Jack Thompson had tried to send to the folks in
Pennsylvania against gamepolitics.com, Gamepolitics.com is one of the most intelligent websites, and
I'm not just saying this because I've talked to the guy that runs it, he's a really nice
it really is one of the most intelligent websites out there about gaming and I think is like the I
Think it's like definitive of how gamers can be very intelligent people
I think this website stands up for that and when I see Jack Thompson attacking that it makes me go
He's threatened by that. He's threatened by that
good
Upstanding, you know gamers doing you know smart intelligent things
he called playing video games a masturbatory activity as in senseless
self stimulation you know maybe if he had some stimulation he wouldn't be so
anal retentive that he spews shit every time he opens his mouth sorry I said I
wasn't gonna mince my words that's how exactly how I feel all right okay I'm
gonna I'm gonna be a girl now we're gonna have to explicit tag this show
that's all right usually that gets more listeners anyway yay press no but
I apologize for my... That was very Jack Thompson of you.
Just teasing. But seriously though,
and this, I get the emails on it,
I hear about it, and it's just,
I hit my saturation point. I'm like, okay, someone,
he needs to just go away. And, you know, I'm always one that
believes if you ignore the problem, you know,
it doesn't necessarily go away. It might get worse. You know, things don't change
until you make them change, right?
Someone seriously, if he's gonna be all up in arms
defaming the community, I think the community
needs to take some steps to defend itself.
Well, can I share one interesting way
that the community has decided to defend itself?
Absolutely.
All right, I thought this was very interesting.
There's actually this website going on,
and it's actually a LiveJournal community,
and it's called Flowers for Jack,
and you can access this website.
It's flowersforjack.livejournal.com, okay?
They've just updated, actually as of the time we're recording this, they've just reached
the $70 mark.
What are they doing here?
They are trying to raise money to buy flowers for Jack Thompson.
Now why the hell would you want to buy flowers for Jack Thompson?
This is why.
I quote from this article, my point is simple, gamers everywhere write him hate mail, send
him threats, call him at all hours of the night.
This is not constructive.
This only makes us into what he says we are.
We are to the point that he will disregard any correspondence at the very least, threaten
it legally at the most.
It's hard to get his attention for real, I propose we write him a stern, dignified letter
free of insults, exaggerations, or unfounded complaints and state the most honest and reasonable
case we can.
Most importantly, it will be sent with as many bouquets of beautiful pink roses as I
can possibly send to his office.
Love it.
Love it.
You should totally do that.
We're gonna, we're gonna send $20 on behalf of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are contributing to this.
We are gonna contribute to the flowers for Jack Conroy.
He's going to call it an act of terrorism.
Flowers, an act of terrorism, come on.
Come on.
And for all those people that I'm reading that say, you know, kill him, do that, no.
That's not constructive.
That's exactly what these guys are saying you should not do.
But my other point to that, to maybe convince people that that's not the best course of
action?
Martyr.
Remember what happened to our last major martyr, right?
We now have rampant Christianity everywhere.
Now listen, this is the same guy who considered a donation in his name of $10,000 as a defamation
of character.
I mean, it's pretty retarded.
I did also find it funny that one of the things I read, you know how he's bringing out that
had this person known the love of Jesus Christ, they wouldn't have done that.
He was basically shot down by a minister, by a Protestant pastor.
This kind of brings me to another point and I get really nervous when we get into the
religious talk on the show and I'm not a very religious person myself but there are certain
types of religious people I have a lot of respect for.
I have a really, really good friend of mine at work who is a deeply religious person but
I value him totally as a friend and I really respect him and his beliefs and stuff because
they are his beliefs and I think that's great.
I love it when I see these really intelligent Christian rebuttals, and there's one of them
that actually was posted to Game Politics, the same thing here, they actually got a letter
from one of their readers, David Savage, and I thought it was great.
I don't know how much of this I really want to read, you should just go read it for yourself
over on GamePolitics.com.
I am a Christian, non-denominational, yet I am also the first person to admit that enforcing
religious opinion as a way of censorship in video games is asinine.
face facts video games are fiction just like books movies and television however
it seems as if pundits lawyers and media mongers have been using my religion as a
meat shield for their ignorant attacks on video games very interesting and it
kind of goes on to these things I'm not going to read the whole thing is
running a long time but just go check it out for yourself game politics calm very
very well written loved it Wow anything else we want to say on this I'm not
going to be running for president anytime soon chat room sorry lots of
heated response from the chat room there.
I'm sure they're just dying to get in on the Skyline, which we'll do after the break in
a little bit.
Somebody saying here, an interesting comment from Wonder Dog Harold, I'd rather send money
to a charity rather than flowers for Jack Thompson.
That is a good point.
That is a very good point, and we do also donate to charity once in a while, too.
We did the big Sacramento Independent Audio for Katrina Relief thing a while ago, which
was a good success.
So we do that stuff too, but we support causes that we want to back, and this is definitely
one of those causes that we think ought to deserve a little support and a little airtime
and a little money.
Just a little money.
We're not sending them a lot.
Twenty bucks isn't a lot.
So, anyway.
Anything else you want to say on that?
We good?
Loki, you're awfully quiet.
All things considered.
Doug Tate.
Jack, he had that thing that came out last weekend about wanting to recall all these
games that are coming out in 25 to life and all these violent murder simulators
as he said he's right you know we do have too many murder simulators out
there why we need more sex simulators that's what I'm hoping for
rockstar if you're listening get on it hot coffee the game all right we got one
more segment to do before we go to break here and it just seemed like I don't
know why but it seemed like an inappropriate time to get into this
segment, maybe it's just me, but it's time to bring on the anger in the FUs of the week.
Dark soccer, what's ticking you off this week? Well, I think I actually just ranted myself out
on the biggest thing that was pissing me off this week, so instead of going off on ye olde
butt head again. I'm going to have to say that my biggest
nephew of the week goes toward um waiting to the last
minute to get things done. In this case I blame myself because I
waited to the last minute to check my tire so now I have a flat.
Oops! But it's- I see so many- I have to deal with this so often in my
daily work. People going oh I didn't do it or oh I
I forgot or this it goes back to this thing called personal responsibility, right?
It's personal responsibility. I think people not accounting for it not having it is what is contributing to the downfall of this country
You see it in little things every day. You see it on a wide scale like with our
Not so good friend. Mr. Thompson who is playing games instead of individual people for their own actions, right?
we see it ourselves with oh well I can just do this later or with oh but I was
busy doing this if people said you know I admit I was wrong let me maybe let me
do this if people would just stop and admit hey you need to do this or I
didn't do it or here it's done right on time I think that would all be better
off it's a sign of responsibility you know the moment you admit that you broke
the glasses the day you're supposed to be an adult right instead of blaming the dog
all right loki my f-u of the week is going to mcdonald's mainly though it's not mcdonald's
fault i'm blaming vegetarians and fat people for making mcdonald's food taste like crap
here's the reason why before the vegetarians attacked mcdonald's for adding their meat
flavoring to their fries their fries kick ass then they came in fries tastes
like crap now and they can't freaking cook them for damn the other thing is
also they've tried to make these more healthy choices on their menus no need
the food was good before you had to go and fuck with it listen if you don't
want to eat that crap don't attack my food god damn it I love supersize I love
the amount of soda that I got there in the amount of fries I was happy with
log on there at like 10.01 and all the good seats are gone. Oh, because all the good seats
go to contest winners and, and, and, uh, you know, industry people and people that don't
deserve to be in the front row. I deserve to be in the front row. Horrible. So I don't
like the way ticketing is done, so F you to that.
Which, none of those really had a lot to do with games. Good job. Alright. That's alright.
Anyway, we are now going to take this opportunity. Oh no, one more thing. One more thing. Oh,
How can I forget this?
This is very important.
A new segment, a brand new segment we've got to do, and this is great too.
I love this segment.
You know what time it is?
No, it's not Dark Sakura's advice column.
Sorry, that is still gone, but Dark Sakura, instead of scouring the world for good advice
to bring you, she is scouring the internet for websites that need your immediate attention.
So we're now bringing you Dark Sakura's Website of the Week.
Today's website is stuffomycat.com. It is the most adorable site in existence.
In fact, today's little bit of love on this features a picture of a cat fighting Godzilla.
It's adorable. But basically, the whole premise of this site is people actually just putting things on the cat, sending a picture.
Now, please don't hurt your cat if you're going to do this, because that's animal cruelty and that's not cool.
Some of these cats just look anywhere from amused to vaguely annoyed.
Some of them are game related though, right?
Oh yeah, well, this one has wrestling figures sitting on the cat.
And there was another one, this one has an Xbox 360 laying on a cat.
The cat just looks irritated.
Another one has cats wearing clothing, cats with DVDs on them,
cats with alien facehuggers, stuffed alien facehuggers on them.
And there were also different, you know, anime stuff.
This one has a bunch of trash on the cat, and some of them have cats with ear.
Now, some people have said that StuffOnMyCat.com,
I know we're gonna get this feedback has already been featured in a lot of different places
I'm gonna be honest with you
I did not hear about stuff on my cap calm until this week when get this on the exact same day the exact same day
One of my co-workers and Jamie both pointed this side out to me in the same day
I thought that was really weird like how word travels like that. So it was new to me
I randomly check stuff on my cat quite often
You know, there's one with naked Barbies on it another one just with a giant bag on it. I think it's adorable
I love stuff on my cat calm my feet
Know that's wrong. I was gonna say my favorite is the one where I saw and you know
Someone's SUV back rear tire on top of a cab, but you know, hey
All right. I think though that we should there should be my cat on stuff calm. I
I looked for them, no one did it yet. I found the picture with the
cat covered in Game Boys, so I'm linking that to the chat room.
That's why my co-workers showed me. You know what this all is. This is just the US version of Oolong.
In a way. You know Oolong's on Wikipedia now.
Yes, I linked that to you too. And so is you being, but
Oolong's dead. And we're on Wikipedia, Orange Long Radio. That's like,
that's when some of my friends told me, dude, Rob, you guys really are famous.
You're on Wikipedia.
I'm like, come on.
We do this show out of the spare bedroom in my apartment.
We're not famous yet, but we are on Wikipedia,
which is all kinds of cool, so.
We're internet celebrities, yo.
Take that however you want.
All right, we're gonna go to a break.
When we come back from the break,
Loki's gonna bring us a whole buttload of Xbox 360 stuff,
and we're gonna do the worst-reviewed games of all time
and lots of stuff coming up after the break.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights,
in this podcast to the world twice a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's orange lounge radio
