Steam turns 20, and reminded me of the era of when It and Half-Life Involves Other Works were dressed in an olive green only slightly less insulting than the Windows XP theme of the same color.
Seeing that color in characters again on the Steam Store homepage was pleasant, an instant voyage across 20 years of gaming history catalyzed by one color of vegetable I may have never eaten.
This is the intro trip down memory lane.
Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to reminisce and bring you the rest of the week's gaming news.
Starting right now in the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio live once again with episode number 974 of our show for tonight, September the 17th of 2023.
My name is Rob Roberts and I'm joined each and every week by my co-hosts.
First off, DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
J.K., she's not here yet.
It's Rosh Hashanah, so she's not available until about 7.50 when it's dark.
So she's going to pop in if our show goes that long.
I don't know.
We have a lot of news, but we also only have two of us tonight.
So we'll see.
We're going to play it by ear.
So joining me for a lot of news, a busier news week than I would have expected here in early September.
Say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hey, Loki, how are you?
I'm pretty good.
Good, good.
So I noticed, you know, you've got a game playing behind you tonight.
Because of course, we do tape live every Sunday night at The Voice Geeks Network, nine o'clock Eastern, six o'clock Pacific, right after the Bobby Blackwell show twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
And you can find us at VOGnetwork.com and pretty much any social media out there VOG Network.
So I was going to say, playing behind you, the video live, is Starfield.
And that makes me go- Which is what I would have played last week.
I was going to say, did you finally get around to playing Starfield?
Oh, okay.
No, no, no.
No, I said that was the video I was going to play last week.
Because if you remember, last week I didn't have a video behind me because-
I was rendering a video.
The short version of what you posted earlier this week that is like your Magnus opus of videos.
Kind of, yeah.
So it's basically, it's a culmination of lore and it's kind of like celebrating my content creation journey, sort of.
because it goes through a lot of the older SMPs that I was a part of.
There's a lot of cameos from every SMP.
VOG Minecraft has a cameo in there for a brief part.
I saw the VOG Minecraft server in there and I was actually going to try to show it here if I could remember.
It was kind of early on in the video, but yeah, I remember seeing that and I was like, oh, it's the VOG Minecraft server.
Yeah, that server, the file I have is corrupted.
So there's parts that are missing.
But yeah, it's a little bit further on in that.
Because that's a Collusion MC Season 2.
But still, you can still see some of these amazing builds that you've done.
And again, we're looking at video.
But if you're listening on the podcast feed, and you want to see this video for yourself, well, isn't that quite the teaser and commercial for you to go check out LokiOLR's channel over
It took a literal month to edit the whole thing together because it's basically a movie at this point.
We did a live premiere of it and everybody was emotional watching it.
I caught the last two minutes of that because I was working when it premiered, but I saw the last two minutes.
I was like, Loki's chat's hella popping off.
Good for him.
So it was good.
Yeah.
For sure, like everybody really thoroughly enjoyed it and they like understood why it took so long to put together.
But yeah, it's been a lot of fun.
You have shot after shot of just like floating and flying and all of these different servers.
This is like I imagine there's hundreds of shots.
That's my family realm right there.
Yeah.
The next one should be.
There it is.
There's the VOG server.
Yep.
Woo.
And I saw the Black Wolf Stadium down here in OLR.
Black Wolf Stadium.
Yeah.
And we've got the, was it?
like BobbyRules or BlackwolfRules and someone SkyDrews or something like that.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Isn't this on the old?
I'm sorry.
I'm very sorry to the podcast folks to refer to video and all that, but I can't help but notice because I remember this on the old VOG Network server.
Isn't this what you're flying by?
Because I remember it got carved out and highlighted at some point.
Isn't it like the crappy little dumpy home that I first built on the server?
Thank you for watching!
Because it corrupted, and so it had to regenerate itself, but... Yeah, it was enough to where I could at least film some of it in there, so... The whole premise is that I'm going... Like, I have a device that I made on Channel 64, it's like a portal that allows me to travel back in time through different servers to go to do different things.
Thank you for watching!
Take his head back from myself to get to the current season of Hermitcraft.
So there's like this big old chase scene and then the antagonists, the administration start pursuing and it just keeps, it just keeps escalating going and more and more like craziness that's in there.
So it's fun.
PodCulture in chat says, you know, something that I see a lot when you when you talk about your, you know, Minecraft and how, you know, how far down the rabbit hole you've fallen in the content creation, all that.
PodCulture says, I would not know how to even start playing Minecraft.
It sounds crazy.
Where where could where should somebody even begin if they want to get into Minecraft now here in 2023?
I mean, there's a lot of, like, the game does some, like, not a great job of, like, introducing you to different things.
There's a bunch of different, like, kind of survival series and, like, kind of talking about gameplay and stuff.
I know, like, Waddles used to do one a while back.
There's Pixel Riffs did kind of, like, a, you know, basics to Minecraft.
A lot of it you kind of have to search up for.
They...
do some weird stuff with the new areas in the game like they have like part where you can learn some of the redstone stuff by going down to an ancient city which has like this unkillable monster there which I don't know why you'd put early game tutorials down in a you know like a
a city like that, but you know, that's what they've got.
Okay, MereMuse has a gold star comment here though in our chat, twitch.tv, VOG Network, by saying, you start by punching a tree with your bare hands, correct?
That is how you start.
Right, they do, yeah, there's prompts, like somewhat, there's some prompts in the game, they'll tell you like, okay, punch a tree, create a crafting table, you know, create a pickaxe type of thing, so they will walk you through like,
The first three steps or four steps and then that's it.
And then the rest you kind of have to figure out as you go along.
Then you get different recipes that you can learn how to do stuff with that.
But like the intricate details of the game and stuff, there's not really a good way that they present it, unfortunately.
Alright, well, there's lots of other games out there besides Minecraft we'll talk about a lot tonight.
But I definitely want to make sure you got a plug for your video tonight because it also was your birthday this week.
I know we kind of acknowledged that already on last week's show because you know, it was the next day but some folks in chat were curious.
How was your birthday?
I was good, I didn't really do anything.
I took the day off to, because I was originally going to play more on our Season 3 server, so that's why I had taken the time off.
I wanted to livestream that day, but it ended up that I had to like re-render my video like three times because there was different pieces.
Like Premiere did some weird thing where it swapped out some of the audio in there because I was copying something from another project file that had some files that were named the same.
And so because I copied certain things, it's like, I'm just gonna override your audio for this.
And so I had to go through and catch that.
And then there was a second time I had to chop a piece off the end that I had
moved out over there when I was fixing the audio previously.
So it took a few times to do all that, and I was able to, like, polish it and stuff.
But finally was able to release it, like, on that Monday, you know, so we premiered it.
And that was just a lot of fun to get everybody's impression of it, because I'd shown off, like, especially the people I play with, I'd shown off, like, parts of it, but I didn't show, like, the end or anything.
And so there's a lot of parts like, what?
You know, it was pretty cool.
That's nice.
Great.
All right, well, let's get into the gaming news from this week.
And, you know, as I was saying a little bit ago, you know, for being a random week in September, there is sure been a lot of news this week and some of it good, some of it not so good.
And we're going to start with the biggest drama of all.
And I don't know what else to call this.
This is just like this is a literal implosion of sorts of a big chunk of like indie and midsize developers with this.
And I think any of you that follow gaming news casually know what I'm talking about.
Loki, what the hell happened this week?
So this week, Unity decided to make the announcement that they were changing their pricing structure, basically.
And I'm sorry, I'm going to make this super simple for those that don't know.
If you don't know, Unity is a game building engine that powers many of the games that you've probably played at some point, including like Cult of the Lamb, even some mobile phone games like Pokemon Go, I believe, run on Unity.
So it's a Skyline, you know, like some of that.
It's a game engine that many of your favorite games have probably used.
Anyway, sorry.
Yeah, it's like Unreal Engine or something like that.
You know, it's just it's an engine that people use.
A lot of people use it because it is free or it's it's free for smaller developers.
You basically get the free version.
And if you make over one hundred thousand dollars in the year, then you pay them a licensing fee, which is like I think like I don't remember how much it was a month.
But originally they were going to be, you know, doing that.
Now, though, they've gone full corporate greed and decided, hey, you know what?
We're going to charge you 20 cents every time someone installs your game.
20 cents every time.
And so that is not good.
Now, granted, they said that there's different monetary amounts that you have to hit in order to make that happen.
but you know like for example they said 200 you have to make $200,000 in a year and within the last 12 months had 200,000 lifetime game installs.
The problem is though is they're also going back and retroactively
They are getting rid of the Unity Plus Tier
They're basically charging, it's up to 20 cents per install.
So if you're personal or plus, it's 20 cents per install.
If you are Unity Pro, it's like 15 cents and then it scales down depending on the number of installs that you have.
But it's a lot of money.
I mean, especially if you put your game out for, say, I make a game and I put it out for you to play and it just pops off, it just goes nuts.
You could be
having to pay more money than you've made on the actual game itself.
Like they were I think there was an example of Vampire Survivor, I think, where they were charging like 99 cents for their game.
And so they had, you know, made quite a bit of money on it, but had like millions of installs.
They'd be owing them lots and lots of money from this.
And of course, all the developers hate it.
All the developers are just like,
This is ridiculous.
You know, first off, you can't just change the agreement that we, you know, because these developers signed agreements to, you know, work with Unity, especially when they're that big.
And so you can't just change the agreement.
without any sort of agreement from both parties.
It's unilaterally what they're trying to do here.
It's eroded any trust that developers have had with Unity to begin with.
There's been lots of different protests, and we're going to kind of talk a little bit about some of that.
And really what it comes down to is they're also trying to use this as a bargaining chip to try to get rid of some of their competition in the analytics space.
So there's a
company, I want to say it's, I'm trying to remember the dev company was.
Basically, it's a competing company that does like kind of user acquisition and analytics, and they're targeting them saying, hey, you know what, if you use our service that does the same thing, maybe we can, you know, waive that fee for you.
So they're trying to unfairly attack this other company and try to basically like strong arm or blackmail people into using their services for this stuff.
So, like, yeah, there's different developers that talk about it, like, for example, make a game, game is freemium.
Game makes $200,000 from in-app purchases after being installed 3 million times.
Now I own Unity 20 cents per 2.8 million installs.
$560,000.
That's $360,000 more than we made.
So that's always nice.
Things that they said that, you know,
Some of the stuff that really pissed off the developers.
They are saying that they have a way to track the installs, but they can't say how they're doing it, because that's proprietary.
And they said that, you know, that even though people could uninstall and reinstall a game, you know, with a script to, like, say, target or attack a developer, you know, we'll work with you on solving that.
If, you know, someone accidentally does that or does that intentionally, well, we'll try to work with you on that.
If I have a game that goes on Game Pass or on PlayStation Now or something like that, you have to pay for all those installs.
How are they going to do that through those third parties?
They said that they're going to be charging the console owners for that, like the actual Microsoft and Sony, which I got to be thinking if I'm Microsoft or Sony,
DarkSakura
that what's happening right now, like if you look at Unity's Twitter account and you go over there, and this just happened like two hours ago before we went live tonight, they've actually put in a, we have heard you, we apologize for the confusion and angst, the runtime fee policy we announced on Tuesday caused.
We are listening, talking to our team members, community, customers, and partners, and we will be making changes to the policy.
We will share an update in a couple of days.
Thank you for your honest and critical feedback.
It's too late.
It's too late.
it's
Unity states that only 10% of their customers will be affected, making it sound less bad than it is.
As of the Gaming Report 2022, Unity had 230,000 developers.
That's around 23,000 developers affected by the change.
Lots of studios have posted statements about moving engines.
Uh, that's in addition to a post on September 12th.
Hello, we've heard your questions and feedback.
Another post on September 12th.
Today we announced a change.
We wanted to provide a few clarifying answers.
Uh, and some of the things you were just talking about is that, you know, uh, I don't know some of the stuff about like, uh, good charity games and stuff they were backtracking on.
So like, it just showed how piss poorly researched the whole thing was.
There's also no way to tell what's a charity game and what's not a charity game.
Why wouldn't you just say, oh, it's all for charity?
And then how many hours is Unity spending investigating if something is charity?
It's just not thought out well.
You know what this sounds like?
This honest to God sounds like?
This sounds like one of those shh
Bonehead CEO decisions where the CEO does something fucking stupid.
Well, we'll get to that.
You know, you know, I got that queued up, Loki.
I got my receipts.
It's queued up.
We're going to get there.
We're going on a journey tonight and we will be pulling over at that station.
OK, that all being said.
Dammit, where was I before you got me going on that?
Sorry.
No, you're fine.
You're fine.
But um, yeah, bad decisions by CEOs.
Okay, so this this strikes me.
So those things were like the CEO was like, we're gonna do this.
Make it happen.
Just fucking make it happen.
Because your jobs on like, it sounds like something that the idiot CEO of Twitter, and we're gonna call it Twitter.
because we don't call it that Twitter belongs to the people and the people are calling it Twitter.
However, somebody decided they could pay $44 billion for Twitter to make dumb shit decisions like, look, I can pick up and move the server myself.
Therefore, how hard are these servers to actually move?
Make it happen.
And such hits as tell me your best employee on the team so I can fire you and promote your employee.
and who needs to pay the rent?
What are they going to do?
Kick us out?
And I'm going to install an amazing seizure light on the top of my building across from the Senior Citizen Center, etc, etc.
Just add this Unity debacle to the list of decisions by people who don't deserve to be rich.
Now, there are certain things I am not allowed to say on Twitch.television, but every time I see a cartoon gif of a guillotine on Blue Sky, I'm like, you know, well, actually, there are no gifs on Blue Sky.
But when I see a cartoon gif on some forum, sometimes I'm like, you know, I understand it more and more with each passing day.
Anyway, yeah.
By the way, Shane in chat said, there's a dev who made a game with proceeds going to Planned Parenthood and a children's hospital and reached out for clarification on the charity aspect.
Unity told them those counted as political organizations and would not count.
Open mouth insert foot.
Yeah.
Anyway, I'm sorry to interrupt you, Loki, but I'm getting warmed up.
We got the first course.
Let's let's go out.
We got we still got more coming.
Let's let's go to the kitchen and see what's cooking next.
So this isn't so much a story because like it's kind of skewed.
So the story was that CEO John Riccatello sold 2000 shares a week before Unity revealed its runtime.
Now, to be fair, they
He's not the only one that sold shares and he's been selling shares on a regular basis up to this time.
So these are regularly scheduled things.
However, that said, an announcement like this is something that obviously you would plan in advance.
relatively.
So if you know you're going to be taking the company all year long, then why not?
You know, well, it wasn't a large it was Yeah, it wasn't a large number of shares that he owned.
It was, you know, they sold off as like a point something percent of the shares.
How many shares?
How many shares did you say?
Uh, it was like a certain percentage to like point something percent of shares, but it, this was 2000 last week.
Okay.
And totally.
I want y'all to remember that number.
Cause we're going to come.
I want y'all to remember that 2000 number.
Cause we're coming back to it.
We're coming back to it.
Write that down.
Okay.
We're coming back to it.
Yeah.
So he sold a total of 50,000 shares this week or year.
Um, so far and other people in the company have sold shares as well.
So the unity present president of growth.
sold 37,500 shares on September 1st for $1.4 million.
We had the board director who sold almost 70,000 shares August 30th for around $2.5 million.
So they are selling shares on a regular basis, but they knew this was coming.
Granted, if they sold right before
then you can make the argument, oh, well, it's insider trading.
But if you're selling on a regular basis up to that, they could still plan their share sales around the announcements that they have coming as well.
So that's still kind of on the fence of whether that could be insider trade or not.
But to remind folks at home that may not remember John Riccatello, John Riccatello is the wonderful CEO at EA.
Another fantastic company who suggested that, hey, you know what?
I think it'd be really cool if players had to pay to reload their guns in Battlefield.
This is the douchebag that came up with that kind of stuff.
So you can see how he may be wanting to charge per install for
and
but uh or in the last week but you know it's still uh you know he's been selling shares slowly over the past year.
I would like to make the case for why John Riccatello deserves to go to trial over this and I don't I and I I actually don't think this is a wild theory like I feel like this I guess feel like there is so much negative buzz out there there are in fact people calling for blood and if this had been 15 years ago I would have said
The government doesn't understand enough about this whole industry to understand that there's blood to be drawn here or the magnitude of what's going on.
However, now that the government has interfered in such things as Microsoft and Activision Blizzard and that whole thing, we've seen Mortal Kombat referenced in a Supreme Court document, I think we're at this case where politics realizes that video gaming is a serious industry.
Can we take a quick trip back down memory lane, please?
I'd like you all to remember the case of Martha Stewart.
According to the U.S.
Security and Exchange Commission, I'm just reading straight off the Wikipedia, but you know, whatever, Stewart avoided a loss of $45,000 by selling 3,928 shares.
That's about less than twice that 2000 number, right?
and
By the way, if you look at Unity stock this week, it is currently tracking down 6%.
Look at this big dip that happened on Tuesday.
What could this be?
Or actually it was Wednesday.
Oh, here's some good ones too.
I just, I just saw as well.
So you know what else?
Know what other game, um, happens to be made with Unity?
Pokemon Go.
Oh, I know.
So they would they would owe $126 million to you.
But they're charging twice as much for a remote raid pass now they can afford it.
Fuck them.
I don't I did.
But the Niantic is the company I feel least sorry for this whole situation.
Like, honestly.
Yeah.
All I'm saying is that it is time for John Riccatello to answer to a judge.
Is it that different from what Martha Stewart went to jail for?
No.
I don't think so.
And yeah, I know that this whole thing is only set to come after January 2024 and all that stuff, but I'm making the case that this straight up, he sold those shares because he gave that order and knew it was coming.
and whether, you know, it was a time thing and not plant tough, tough titty said the kitty because these optics are terrible.
So you need to go in front of a fucking judge and explain yourself.
Because and then this doesn't make sense.
It don't add up.
Let's just pretend like for a second there that they had no idea this was coming.
How did you not know that this that people wouldn't like this?
I'm just shocked.
Shocked that they didn't like it.
So they've been a lot of different developers have been reaching out to their legal Teams and of course, you know finding that this none of this seems to be legal at all So it's gonna be interesting to see them even try to implement this Also, they may be liable to their shareholders since that's what they seem to be concerned about because of this bad decision and
what it did to the stock, even though it wasn't a huge drop, still something.
And so they may be responsible for that as well.
By the way, Unity had to cancel a town hall.
I don't know if you saw that because there were legitimate death threats that were made.
I'm not sure.
It's a little bit fuzzy, like if that actually came from within Unity or not.
It was within Unity.
Yes.
Wow.
Now, please note the things I said earlier.
I hope you all understand hyperbole, because this stuff obviously crosses a very serious line in the real world.
Like, you don't make these types of threats.
Like, legal threats?
I'm all for that.
Legal threats?
Let's go.
This is obviously a line far crossed, but, I mean, it still shows, like, the far-reaching implications of a decision like this.
And, you know, for somebody at Unity, and not that I'm excusing it,
But obviously they felt like it was over and they were going to do something drastic as a result.
Not that I'm excusing it, but I'm just trying to evaluate how did we get this far to this point at this time?
Wild.
I don't know.
But at this point, though, I think that ship has sailed and they're going to try to walk it back.
I don't think I think
I think that that is because being that they're willing to make these types of changes without consulting the people actually using the service and working with developers, I just think it's too much for a lot of people.
I think that, yeah, a lot of developers don't want to lose that skill set that they've learned going forward, but certainly it's good to give them pause to any more
Games or whatever being developed with the platform like I think it's just they're really gonna look at porting stuff over I mean hell You know the folks with cold lamb.
There's him like yeah, we're gonna delete the game on January 1st.
Yeah
And no matter how much they dial back this decision at this point, like you said, the trust is gone.
The trust is evaporated.
People don't know.
People now know.
The ass and hole at Unity have been shown, with the pants pulled down, what is motivating the decisions at Unity.
That's the problem.
It has now all exposed.
It's all hanging out.
So now any developer working with you- They also tried like removing like some stuff on their end user license agreement too.
They like secretly back in April removed certain verbiage on there as well to try to allow them to do this, which is shady as well.
I don't know.
It's not good.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, I feel bad for the current students who have spent the last few years getting skills in Unity hoping to get a job in the game industry, only to find now that many devs are going to be going to a different engine.
Well, the good quote unquote news.
I mean, that's not good news, but the good there's a lot of people in the industry that are facing that question right now.
And there's going to be a lot of like, you know, I'm sure there were a lot of meetings this last week about should we pivot what engine we're going.
And I don't know if those decisions stop.
even when Unity reverses course, you know, especially when you've got an open source engine out there that looks mighty attractive right now.
It's the same thing.
It's very similar to Twitter, slowly and slowly and slowly dying and more people picking up alternatives, whether it be Blue Sky, Mastodon, or just fucking leaving social media.
Like it's, it's similar in some ways to that.
But back to the point that Bobby was making about the students, you have all of these coders at companies
who also are probably working in Unity and their skills are also going to have to be adapted.
So I don't think companies are going to necessarily be closed off just because you specialized in Unity.
They will have ways to help train individuals and
There's a certain brain and skill set that comes with programming.
I already know it's a skill set that I don't possess, and that's okay.
And there's still that.
So you know, there's what little hope there.
But my point is, is that those students are facing the same problems that employees already in the industry, and you know, people that run their own small gaming studios are also facing.
But now is the time to pivot.
And that's why Unity is fucked.
Yeah.
Mike def says video games were a mistake.
Nah, video games were a mistake.
I know why you're going with that comment.
But you know, when I play something like journey, and I'm well either either the 80s arcade version or the more modern whenever I play something like journey, whenever I play something like, I don't know, everybody's gone to the rapture.
Whenever I play a Dear Esther, whenever I play like a really artistic a game that makes a fucking point a game that has something to say, video games weren't a mistake.
Video game CEOs were a mistake.
Bobby Kotick was a mistake.
John Riccatello was a mistake.
Because where are all of these games that I'm talking about and hyping up, where are they coming from?
Smaller indie studios.
And for what it's worth, when these things all fall apart, it's the indies that end up rising up.
Uh, let's see.
Sturlock says I would put Lost Odyssey in that list as well.
Incredible story.
Yes, I'm sure I'm sure many of you have other games you would put in that list.
There's there's there's beautiful art out there in video games.
I understand what possessed death to say that comment.
But I do want to clarify.
I don't feel video games were a mistake.
Video game CEOs were a mistake.
Yeah.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, I love the lead that Unity was hoping for was completely buried.
That they were making a lot of their AI tools part of the main personal license because it was getting paid for by these new fees.
They're like, we're providing these tools for free.
Yeah, but it's like ChatGPT inside the app.
Like, who cares?
Like, we don't need ChatGPT inside the app.
It's not anything, like, instrumental.
It's just not.
It really isn't.
We added AI is another boardroom buzzword that needs to die.
It's funny though.
It's like the AI inside of Unity.
Someone asked it like, Hey, Unity is, you know, proposing this type of change.
What, what do you think of pros or cons of that?
It totally said, this is a terrible idea.
They shouldn't do this.
Which I thought was funny.
Good AI.
All right.
Anything else on this topic?
Um, no, not, I mean, not really.
I guess we'll see how it falls out.
I mean, honestly, it's going to be busy next week.
Yeah, it's going to be interesting to see what they do to try to walk it back.
But like, I don't know if it's going to be enough.
Like, honestly, I think it has eroded.
Like, this is like the last straw because this isn't like the only thing that they've done that's been negative.
There's been a lot of changes that they've made that haven't been popular with developers.
Now this they're like, oh, hey, you know, you're going to pay us all of this money.
It's like, no, no, I don't think I will.
Stirlock in chat also points out over twitch.tv slash VOG Network, like I pointed out on Bobby's show, I'm also pretty sure them not disclosing how they can tell legit from non-legit installs is a huge violation of GDPR laws in the EU.
Fantastic, fabulous.
John Riccatello has pissed off not just the American courts, but the British ones as well.
Let's fucking go.
Well, there is there.
So there was a from Sheridan's interactive game.
Sorry, I misspoke because EU is sorry, because there's actually a very famous.
Anyway, sorry.
So there was.
I'm heated.
It's cooking my brain.
This was from their legal counsel, I think had proposed like some of the three, they said three things immediately come to mind as far as like legal risk.
One of those is an abuse of dominant position, therefore very likely to engage in unfair competition.
Usually I'm into that.
Both sides of the Atlantic said it's highly likely competition in markets authority, UK, European Commission and Department of Justice US would be materially concerned about the situation and undertaking with a dominant position in the market like Unity.
Making unilateral decisions, pricings, conditions, where there are provisions.
Middleware, especially in mobile, is a vital component to many game businesses.
Also, they said that it might also invoke the UK and EU's platform business regulation, which governs the balance of power between platforms and businesses.
Yeah, so and of course, yeah, back to how is Unity going to figure out whether something is installed or not?
And whether that's legit or not?
They said that they had an algorithm that to figure that out.
I don't think that they because originally it was like, okay, well, literally, literally saying AI AI's got us, they're gonna AI is gonna guess is gonna make an estimate.
So it's
So is it not doing an accurate count?
Is it just guessing?
Or is it phoning home?
Which, if it's phoning home, then it's going to, you know, violate something with, I'm assured, the EU, with, you know, the GDPR or whatever, because you're sending data to some place, you know, they regulate all that.
So, and then once again, you know, they were like, well, there's not, we have ways of detecting pirated software.
But we can't tell you what those are.
And we'll we'll just work with you, you know, counts one, two, and three that you read there.
Hold his ass accountable.
I want to see Jon Rickettell in a courtroom.
It is about fucking time.
A CEO fucking gets gets the book thrown at him.
I hope it happens.
I really do.
Yeah, hopefully.
Anyway, let's move on to more pleasant news and talk about video games that we've been playing this week, whether they were in Unity or not.
Loki, let's go to you.
How was your gaming week?
And was it?
I mean, you put that Minecraft video out on Monday, so surely you played something else this week.
Yep, Minecraft.
I played more Minecraft this week.
I did not play anything else this week.
No, I've been trying to catch up because I still am behind even though I did have the video out.
That's the end of season two.
We're on season three.
We started it almost a month ago.
And so I'm trying to get my first episode done.
Mainly right now I've been designing my starter base, which
Unfortunately, you know, I've been saying, oh, hey, I'm going to, you know, let's not go so complicated and big.
Yeah, I'm totally ignoring all that.
Like, it's just, it's a large build.
It's a starter base.
But I have been doing stuff on the server, so I just need to, at some point, probably at the end of this week,
cut together a video and put it together.
I think I've got enough for about like two episodes already.
So I just need to, you know, sit down and edit.
I just want to give myself a break since it's been a month of editing.
So Ben and then today we did the live stream day.
So we had our first stream day of the season and that was fun.
We were killing dragons all day long and doing other weird things.
So it was a lot of fun.
Yeah.
All right, my game of the week.
So I played a couple things this week.
I checked out Baldur's Gate 3 actually finally after all this time and people talking about the game.
Shane was like, hey, we should do like a multiplayer thing and you could stream it and we can like, you know, keep doing it every week.
I was like, that actually sounds like a lot of fun.
And the bits and pieces I've seen in Baldur's Gate 3 kind of lends itself to that.
Yeah, let's do it.
So on Monday, we streamed several hours of Baldur's Gate 3 and we started a new campaign.
And there are
I can see why people are really into this game because it, you know, has a very complex character creator to it.
I'm playing like a Dragon Scale person.
I can see where people who are into D&D really like this.
And I know the roots of Baldur's Gate are in D&D, and so I'm being a little bit, you know, repetitive, but like the way it kind of plays out with how the narrator describes things down to the dice roll, like it feels like you're playing
a D&D game but the computer is facilitating that and that that's really cool and I see why people are into that.
I was a little shocked and annoyed at some of the difficulty that goes in with that because so there's this part anyone who was watching my stream knows exactly what happened there was this part where we got to a church and I don't know what had happened in the story but I was like oh
I feel like we need to go into this church because something had been said like we need to go in here.
And I was like, Oh, there's like a little stone slab that looks kind of loose there.
And Shane was like, Oh, you want to get rid of that stone slab?
He's been very big on you're gonna make all the decisions.
Okay.
And, and he was like, here.
Oh, you want to get rid of that stone slab here?
Let me go take care of that for you.
And he takes care of the stone slab.
And I was like, All right, well, then I guess we're going down there.
And we go down there and we are like instantly murdered by a group of high level characters.
And I was frustrated a lot because we hadn't saved our game in like, I don't know, 30 minutes.
So we had to go back and replay it.
I was like, Shane, you fucking got us killed.
And he's like, but I said, you're the one in charge.
And you're the one that made a decision.
I'm like, you opened the hole and said, doesn't that look like a pretty hole?
Should we go in it?
Like,
You didn't use those words, that's what it felt like.
At least, Shane, if you're still out there, you could have said, hey, actually, when was the last time you saved the game?
Like, you didn't have to say, you better save before we go in there.
Or just, hey, when was the last time you saved the game?
Oh, yeah, I should do that.
Then when we get killed, it would have been a lot less frustrating.
But lesson learned the hard way, you have to save now and save often type of thing.
So I won't be making that mistake again.
So once we spent 30 minutes getting caught up on everything that we lost, we were able to move forward again.
And yeah, it was it was interesting.
It feels like it's very slow going.
But so are most D&D campaigns.
And like, you know, obviously, there's a lot of freedom to choose different answers.
I thought it was fucking rad that like, you can take an animal ability, like an ability to talk to animals and like the animals actually talk.
Oh, yeah, and Shane killed my cat.
That also pissed me off.
Well, he did it because
I hit him with something, but he deserved it.
I don't remember what he did, but I know he deserved it.
So then he decided to kill my cat.
So we were already weak going into this battle with the higher level characters.
But anyway.
tune in for more adventures of us screaming at each other on Mondays until until we get to that point where I get so fucking annoyed I'm like we're not doing this again switch games because Shane has already said we're also Shane's already decided this we're also going to go back and play Pokemon Scarlet Violet because I never finished it but we're going to play a multiplayer so I can get to the DLC as well so that is also coming in the future after we finish Baldur's Gate 3 in like nine months if we're doing it once a week so
Anyway, Baldur's Gate 3 fun, but annoying when it comes to the difficulty.
I was not prepared for that.
So I'm warning all of you save after every battle save after every conversation save
Anyway, um, let's see other stuff that I played this week.
So a lot of the same stuff.
Diablo 4, I'm still playing the season of Diablo 4.
It seems like half the internet's moved on, but I am up to like battle pass tier 87.
So once I get to 90, I have finished Diablo 4 season one, essentially.
I mean, I didn't get my character to level 100, but there's nothing left to unlock.
So that's that's where I'm going to kind of end Diablo 4 season one and go play something else.
Um, also, I've been playing, you know, some mobile games.
I've been playing Pikmin, had a community day and I've been playing Pokemon Go.
I hit level 46 in Pokemon Go.
And I checked out this week, which just released Monster Hunter now, which is Niantic's newest game that's in partnership with Capcom, the license holders to Monster Hunter, their logos right there on the front page.
And I was checking the game out and I gotta say,
It's pretty polished.
I guess it was in beta for a while.
I was not expecting a Niantic game to be that smooth on release because they never are.
So I don't know if Capcom held them to a certain standard that Niantic was like, fine, I guess we got to make sure the game doesn't have bugs or, you know, every game has bugs, but you know.
It plays really smooth.
It doesn't randomly crash or really get a lot of frame rate skipping.
So I'm pretty impressed at Monster Hunter now.
I also think it's interesting that it uses the Pokestop Network, the stuff from Niantic Wayfarer, as stuff in it.
But it's stuff that's like
It's extra material, but like, if you don't have any near you, your progress in the game isn't really hindered.
Because the spawns of the monsters and random stuff in the overworld is actually very random.
So I think they're trying to figure out a way on how to make the game fun in rural areas.
And even though I don't live in a rural area, I think it might be working.
Like, I don't feel like I'm going by the parks with all the pokestops as frequently when I'm playing Monster Hunter now.
The only thing about Monster Hunter now is that
like moving around and all of that, it, it doesn't seem as helpful as in other games.
And I wonder how long Niantic is going to be able to put up with that because it's a direct conflict with their mission statement.
Because honestly, if you load the game every hour where you are, the environment will change and there'll be some new monsters there.
So you kind of don't have to move.
I mean, there's better stuff if you do move.
But you don't have to.
So that's kind of interesting.
Okay, Shane says it still sucks in rural.
My bad, but I see random stuff all over the place.
Maybe it's based off the XM or whatever.
Shane also says that Monster Hunter now is so far really decent to kind of fun.
It feels more active than any of the other games from Niantic I've played.
And yeah, I would also say that like, honestly, um,
I got into like battles like tapping it's it's very fluid and you dodge and it feels like it feels smooth like Pokemon gyms ought to be but Pokemon go is like six years old at this point.
So it's almost like you see how far we've come at this point with the technology and everything.
And the best part is I played with friends.
So you can actually hunt together.
And I was with some of my friends from, uh, when I was playing Ingress and all that, we were, you know, hanging out over the weekend, we went to brunch and we were like, Ooh, let's all fight a monster together.
And you scan a QR code on the phone.
And so three of us all took on a monster together.
And it was actually super fun.
Like it doesn't last very long, but it was like, wow, that actually is like really fluid and kind of neat.
And so I wonder what will happen with the four and five star bosses.
So.
I don't know.
I think it's neat.
I don't know if I'm... I will see how long it sustains itself.
There's still these story quests I'm going through, and I'm probably motivated to open it at least once, maybe twice a day, so we'll see how long that holds out, but like, I don't know.
There's only there's only so many GPS games I can play at once.
And I'm kind of back into Pokemon Go even though yes, on one hand, I'm sitting here going Niantic annoys the fuck out of me.
On the other hand, I can also recognize, but I walked 10,000 steps to get today to finish four routes and get a badge in a video game.
So I'm just I'm just I'm just keeping it free to play.
That's that's how I'm just keeping it free to play.
I don't need to spend money on anything.
And that's what I just I just don't need to spend the money.
Anyway, Shane says, I wonder if the QR codes work over distance.
They don't.
I tried.
My friend and I tried over telegram.
He sent me a QR code and I put it on my screen.
It didn't work.
So you do have to be somewhat close by.
All right, that's really it for my gaming week.
So let's get into some more news.
I also want to give a plug real quick, though, to our YouTube channel over at youtube.com slash VOG Network.
We're about to talk a little bit about the Nintendo Direct that happened this week.
But there was a YouTube earlier this week, a little more immediate to try to get the jump on it.
Shane and I sat down and talked a little bit about the Nintendo Direct and some impressions, but obviously I'm more than happy to repeat some of my thoughts, and things have marinated a little bit over the past couple days, so some things have shifted.
But Loki, why don't you walk us through what happened with the Nintendo Direct this week?
Yeah, lots of different games they showed off, some we knew were coming, some we didn't know, a lot of Mario stuff.
because Mario is certainly popular, especially with the movie and everything.
I didn't notice the Mario overload.
Is that weird?
Like, I just kind of expect like, of course, there's a lot of Mario games.
There always has been.
Where the hell have you all been?
Like, I mean, it does seem like there's been a bit of a lack in a year where we had the movie, but OK, I guess maybe, you know, COVID production slowed everything down.
A lot of remakes.
We're still seeing that.
Yeah.
A lot of remakes, remasters coming out.
Yeah, for sure.
That is one thing.
So some of the stuff we saw on the show off some more footage for Splatoon 3 Inkopolis and the side order expansion pass, which is going to be like a roguelike single player mode in Splatoon 3.
A little better than the first tease, that's for sure.
That is true.
The first one's like, what is this?
Mario versus Donkey Kong is now coming out on the Switch.
I think that was originally on the 3DS.
Game Boy Advance, actually.
Game Boy Advance?
Oh, wow.
I thought I actually owned it.
It's a cute game.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's coming out February 16th.
I think they had a version of it on 3DS as well.
Okay.
Maybe I was thinking of Mario vs. Donkey Kong March of the Minis, I think might have been one.
Yes, there was like a sequel or something that was on 3DS.
Yeah.
Prince of Persia, The Lost Crown.
We've already seen this before, but that's been confirmed for January 18th on the Switch as well.
That also looks pretty good.
Looks very Metroidvania, Prince of Persia.
I'm into it.
Horizon Chase 2 Super Crazy Rhythm Castle November 14
That was the Konami one that like has obviously it leans on some of the very strong Konami music library, you know, things from Castlevania.
So you could see like Bloody Tears in the screenshot, but also some Bomani songs.
So it's it was like when I when I saw the trailer, I was like,
You know, if they were always talking about how do we make pop and music appealing to a US audience, even though there are tons of people here that are into pop and music, but fine, they want to figure out a way like beat and groovy ain't fucking it.
And yes, I'm gonna I'm gonna harp on a Xbox 360 arcade game for many, many years ago, because it was that fucking bad that I still remember it.
This on the other hand, as far as like falling notes in the three or five different lanes kind of look like expanded.
I was like, Oh, that looks kind
Yeah, we had a game called the Spy X Family Anime Series, or it's based off of that, Spy X Anya Operation Memories, which is like a photo diary game.
I'm not sure what that's about.
Cool.
We got some more footage of Super Mario RPG, the remake that's coming out on November.
They talked about how that there's going to be like a boss rush mode in there that kind of reminded me of the hidden battle, the hidden Final Fantasy thing, which they did show off a teaser of that, like with the door and everything.
So it looks like they're going to be doing some interesting stuff with that, which is kind of cool.
And then there's some new like powers, I guess.
where you can combine the three characters together and do a group attack.
And then also if you've timed your attacks well enough, then you'll hit all of the enemies, kind of an area effect attack, which is kind of neat.
And people are like, is that going to be like really overpowering?
Or is it rebalanced?
Or we kind of don't know.
It might be something that you can toggle to, like that may be their way of like making it like easier, I guess, for like people coming into it.
Who knows?
We've got, there was a trailer for another code, Recollection, which is an enhanced edition of a DS game, Trace Memory, and another code, R. That's coming out January 19th.
Princess Peach Showtime, that is the Princess Peach game that they had hinted at.
It looks like it's taking place on a stage, and she's got the Final Fantasy X-2.
Yeah, Dressphere.
Dressphere stuff, so that's kind of neat.
Looks cool, though.
I also like what I liked about the Princess Peach game is that it looks like it really is kind of its own universe where it's like there's these there's these new characters you haven't seen before it's a new kind of a blended art style of sorts of the 2D Mario games and maybe the Yoshi games which started as a Super Mario World 2 but anyway like I it kind of has its own unique sort of art style and I like that I like that Princess Peach is kind of getting her own universe because Luigi has Luigi's
Banshee
Yeah, look cool.
That's coming out in March on the 22nd.
We had Saga Emerald Beyond, which is releasing in 2024.
Yay, a Saga game.
Look how excited I am.
Tomb Raider 1, 2, and 3 are being remastered like the original Tomb Raiders, which
They're slightly better looking slightly just ever so slightly.
And that's coming out.
I'm not sure who asked for this, but OK.
I mean, I think it's funny that you can play as the original Lara Croft sprite that is all speaking of things that have not aged well.
But what's funny is that because they kind of have to follow the original sprites sort of shape, probably to do that HD remaster.
The new model doesn't look great either, but it's an improvement.
Yeah, we have a new trailer for Detective Pikachu Returns that's coming out in October 6.
Trombone Champ is getting its Nintendo Switch debut.
It's coming to consoles and with four player local co-op and a bunch of different motion controls for it as well.
And not a single Nintendo song.
What?
Missed Opportunity.
Yeah, I think I agree.
I think the motion controls look silly, but the four player mode is people are going to enjoy.
I was kind of like Trombone Champ kind of feels like that joke from six months ago.
I'm not sure if there's still a clamoring for it, but I think the multiplayer mode, I think that'll sell some copies.
Yeah.
Battle Crush.
It's a free to play online battle royale game that's coming out spring of 2024.
Medieval Open World Tactical Role Playing Game War Tales Contra Operation Galuga Reimagining of Contra Arcade
It certainly looks better than that 3DS release.
Thanks for watching!
Yeah, because Konami is not the one making them.
Has something changed to Konami?
Because, you know, between this and some of the other things that people like, you know, we know we got Suikoden remasters that people have been asking for forever on the way.
Those Castlevania collections were pretty good.
The remaster of Snake Eater and stuff like that.
I think what it is is that they're taking their licenses and giving them the competent studios instead of trying to build them in-house.
It's almost like they listened to the advice that people were saying, like, God, I wish Konami would just give their IPs to people that can do things with them.
And they are.
And now that like that's happening, it's like, oh, like, actually, this all looks pretty cool.
I have to say the Contra game looks great.
And the the Super Beat Adventure, whatever that one was called, looks really cool, too.
So it's like, OK,
I didn't know I'd be praising Konami ever again on this show, but here we are.
Like, it's a direction I'm kind of into.
Yeah, it looks pretty sweet.
I hope that does come to other platforms, because I don't want to play it on Switch, but I will.
I will play it on PC for sure.
Unicorn Overlord, which is a... Oh, I'm... Let's see here.
It comes out March 8th, 2024.
Unicorn Overload look nothing like the name you would expect.
Yeah, it looks like a tactical look.
I don't know, like a Nobunaga ambition tactical type of thing.
But it was Yeah, I don't spot any unicorns at all in this.
No, that must be the troop name or something.
I don't know.
Yeah, Orange Ray does say that Contra is bound for PS5, Xbox and Steam.
So there you go.
Nice.
Nice.
And then back on the remake train again, but Luigi's Mansion 2 HD is getting put on the Switch as well.
So it's a remake of that game.
Also includes the four-player co-op as well, and that's coming out summer of next year.
And then I think this was the rumor we talked about last year, but F-Zero 99 was something that they teased or showed off, I guess, and that came out that same day.
And it is F-Zero.
Thank you for watching!
Yeah, like, I don't know, they're saying it looks a little chaotic for me, but at the same time, I'm kind of like, oh, but they like they went in and they made the Super Nintendo version of the game like HD and widescreen, you know, and they actually had to go in and alter the tracks to make it work for like 99 people kind of all funnel into the main raceway.
So it's not too chaotic at first.
Um,
I don't know, it's interesting.
You know, sure, I'm a little sad it's not the F-Zero GX port.
I've been begging for it for years.
Well, maybe we'll get that eventually.
I feel an obligation to go get this to show support for F-Zero.
Luckily, it's their game for the online service anyway, which I imagine most of you listening to this, if you're a Nintendo fan, you probably already have it.
So you know what?
Go download the game and play it a couple times.
Show Nintendo.
They can have more racing games than just Mario Kart.
It's OK.
You can have two successful racing franchises.
Ask Xbox, Forza, Forza Horizon.
It is OK to have two successful racing franchises.
Yeah.
We had a game called it looks like a spinoff of League of Legends, Bandle Tale, a League of Legends experience.
And it is going to be coming out next year as well.
Song of Nunu, the League of Legends story, yet another League of Legends game that is also coming out.
But this is a little bit earlier, on November 1st.
We got a new trailer for WarioWare Move It.
which looks interesting.
So we we knew it was kind of like another motion game before, but this one they have you doing different poses.
And with those poses, you have that's how you play the games, basically.
So they tell you like it's almost like a yoga pose that you get into, but not.
And then you play the game like that.
I love WarioWare.
This looks this is terrible.
And I didn't really care for smooth moves, honestly.
So I'm not into it at all.
Sorry.
It just it looks ridiculous.
It's probably I mean, it probably scratches the party game niche for a lot of people.
Cool.
I will not be buying.
Yeah.
We have Aya then Chronicles 100 Heroes that's out next year, April 23rd.
I will be buying.
Actually, I kickstarted it, so I get a copy from way back when.
Eastward Octopia Wargroove 2 coming out October 5th
This is pretty exciting.
Dave the Diver is getting a console release on October 26th.
That's a great game if you haven't played it yet.
They announced the final booster course pack for Mario Kart 8.
And they have new characters coming as well.
Funky Kong, Pauline, Peachette.
And that's coming out this holiday.
Among Us is getting a new map with the Fungal, and it looks kind of fun.
And then of course, last but not least, the big announcement was the remake remaster of Paper Mario The Thousand Year Door.
And that is coming out next year.
Yeah, a little bit unexpected but cool because I that is a fun game.
It's a good game.
So it's neat that it's I just would have thought with because those games always felt a little bit like what Super Mario RPG kind of so I kind of figured because we were getting Super Mario RPG, we weren't going to see those games for a minute.
But here we are.
So I mean, I hear I am bitching about two racing series, we can have two RPG series as well.
But it's just it's, it's neat.
It was a pleasant surprise.
I was hoping it would be like a collection of games like Paper Mario, Thousand Year Door and like maybe Super Paper Mario or something like that would have been kind of cool.
But you know, why sell you three when they can sell you three individually for three payments?
You know, it's like that's going to be the option they're going to choose, of course.
What did you think of the direct overall, Loki?
It was all right.
It was good.
I mean, there wasn't anything like I was super excited about.
I mean, it was all positive, though, like I didn't see anything like absolutely hated it, but it wasn't anything like, oh, my God, I got to buy that now, you know.
I was very surprised there wasn't a Metroid Prime 2 released, because I just figured they were going to piecemeal that trilogy out, and now's a good time for Metroid Prime 2.
Yeah, they still might, that's true.
Because there's still probably another direct before the end of the year, so they'll probably do another thing and they can announce that.
I think that came out originally around February, so maybe if they release it a year later, you know, then they could still announce that and release it.
I thought the direct was actually pretty good.
Bond Civilization VI has a stream in which Rob gives Konami some praise but has a bone to pick with Nintendo.
I always have bones to pick with Nintendo.
I love them, but, you know, we're critical of the art that we love.
And I will say overall, I thought Nintendo did do a pretty good job when you consider
If rumors are to be believed, which they probably are considering how much of this Direct leaked, because that, you know, Thousand Year Door remake leaked, F-099 leaked, which, you know, it is what it is in this industry.
My point is, if you believe in those sorts of rumors, then the Nintendo Switch 2 is coming next year.
So knowing that that's coming, and if you want to believe that it's coming like a March or April, sort of like before the end of the fiscal year, enough time for them to move a bunch of them before the end of the fiscal year, then obviously they're only going to show things up to the point where that comes out, and then it's about the releases that are coming out on that system, right?
So there's only like so much with that looming on the horizon.
And they were, by the way, folks,
They were never going to show the Switch 2 at this Direct.
Are you kidding?
No.
Why would they cannibalize holiday sales of the Switch?
Why would they do that?
They don't... You know, rumors are rumors, but they don't want you to believe that a Switch 2 is coming, because they still want you to buy the Nintendo Switch if you've got the money and a whole... Yeah, that won't be until like a January, February, and then launch in March.
It'll follow the pattern of the original Switch because it worked.
Um, so, um, you know, look forward to that.
But considering that is all on the horizon, I think that's, you know, I think the direct was as good as it could be.
S2100mat says, maybe we'll get a little glimpse of the Game Awards.
Nope, not till after the 25th.
I'd be I'd be shocked, but not till after the 25th.
Game Awards is gonna be wild this year anyway, with all the games that have come out, you know, that race for Game of the Year is gonna be off the hook.
So, um, so yeah, but overall, I thought the direct was was fine.
You know, especially when you consider that that's on the horizon.
It was it was good enough.
I think also I will say this, I thought one of the best things they did in that direct was at the very end before that thousand year door trailer.
They did a sizzle reel of like everything they showed in that direct, but they did it by release day.
And so they were like, here's what's coming in September.
Here's what else is coming in September.
Here's coming October.
Here's what else is coming.
November, November, December.
Then they were showing about two games a month on through what March of next year or so.
So
They definitely are kind of learning from what tanked them on the Wii U, is that these regular releases and the whole, you know, calendar or whatever, is a very good thing to do.
And to show, you know, again, to try to move Switches during the holiday, show that it's still being regularly supported.
I thought that was a very smart thing they did there at the end.
ZenMonkey11 in chat over Twitch.tv slash VOG Network says, is Switch 2 a fact?
Um, yes, PlayStation 6 is a fact.
A successor to the Xbox Series X is a fact.
There will be a successor console, the Nintendo Switch.
Absolutely.
What is a rumor is when.
And the rumor is that it's next year.
Now, everything kind of tracks for that.
So this rumor is kind of a little bit more on fire than most that you hear.
But it's when you say a fact,
It's release is not a fact yet, but it'll happen eventually.
Has to.
Yeah, of course.
Yeah.
All right.
And what dumb name will they give it?
Yeah.
Let's get started.
All right.
Speaking of things that are facts, poor investment calls from Square Enix, by golly.
Here we go again.
Apparently, according to a report from Bloomberg, so it is coming from another source, that they're apparently Final Fantasy 16 did not achieve the expected sales.
This is according to Bloomberg.
Two billion of its value has now been lost due to Final Fantasy 16, which received good reviews, but did not sell at the expectation levels because we know Square Enix always puts these really high expectations of sales.
Almost like if putting a game on one console is a bad idea.
Exactly that part, number one.
I hate this narrative that the fucking press is running with that Final Fantasy 16 is a flop.
Like,
Anyway, yeah, they either need to like, if they really thought that they were going to sell that amount, they need to forecast better because they're doing a poor job of forecasting.
And if that was the goal is they wanted to sell that many, then maybe don't sign into exclusive deals with Sony.
Maybe that's not lucrative enough for you that, you know, whatever money they're paying you to keep it one platform you could have made elsewhere.
and Will.
Apparently Forspoken, you know, that's where I'm like, this is where the two billion was lost.
It wasn't Final Fantasy 16, it was Forspoken.
That game bombed.
I'm sorry.
I know it has its fans.
I never played it.
I wasn't exactly motivated to spend that kind of money on a game that was, you know, getting a lukewarm reception.
So I guess maybe I'm part of the problem.
I don't know.
But also of note, Square Enix has mobile games that shut down when they didn't meet the expectations, such as Bravely Default, Brilliant Lights, Echoes of Mana,
Gone.
In a comment, Tokyo-based developer and gamer Michael Prefontaine said, Flooding the market with unfinished, bad, or untested games is a bad move.
Listing off Marvel's Avengers or Spoken and the Diofield Chronicle as examples of these games.
The company has overstretched itself on too many titles without proper oversight.
That I would agree with.
That I would agree with.
Those are all bombs.
Like the Marvel's Avengers
In what universe should that game ever have bombed the way it did?
Oops.
Well, it should have been a single player game that, you know, was the narrative single player game, like, say, the Guardians of the Galaxy game.
But then they're like, you know, what we could do is we could just say it's a live service and sell a bunch of game passes and stuff.
And we're going to make tons of money off of that.
And then everyone's like, but
But I didn't want to play that game.
I wanted to play this one.
And then even then, like, you know, hey, we're going to release Chocobo Racing, except we're going to make it, you know, we're going to make it like free to play or, you know, sell you a bunch of monetizations to it that you don't want.
Yeah.
It's like, well, can I just get the full game and play that?
No.
Um, Circan Toto, a Tokyo based industry consultant said Square Enix has problems with their games output.
Too many of the games are kind of conventional.
Those titles get a 70% rating on Metacritic are kind of okay, and are just very forgettable.
But see, that's what's what's wild that none of that is true about Final Fantasy 16.
So why rub?
I thought I thought they were investing in NFTs.
Didn't that turn the company around?
I thought it was supposed to be the big thing.
You'll notice that conversation fucking evaporated like quick.
So that's that's a done like we're not Square Enix is smart enough to not say that word ever again.
So there is that.
I don't know, like, you know, I feel like we have all this.
But then on the other hand, Square Enix is like Theatrhythm has sold a bunch of copies, the pixel remasters have done very well.
So there is, I don't know.
But I also understand that Square Enix wants to be more than Final Fantasy.
But I really think they need to be looking at the mid level titles, things like Octopath Traveler, Bravely Default, give us a fucking Chrono Trigger remake already.
Like, what?
You want a game that you know will make money?
Do it.
It's wild.
Oh, good point.
Mike Deftonchat calls out ChocoboGP, another turd.
But we're going to sell it like a regular game and then fill it with free to play on top of that.
Granted, that's all gone now, but ChocoboGP deserved a better release.
Absolutely.
Anyway.
I mean, technically, there's a new boss at Square Enix, but we're not seeing the change yet.
We'll see.
All right, moving on.
Loki, golly golly, as if Nintendo doing a direct wasn't enough, Sony was like, you gotta do what Nintendo does.
Forget about me.
Sony does what Nintendo.
Yes, they do.
So Sony decided to go ahead and do their state of play in which they showed off a few things, some a little bit smaller.
This interests me because I am a fan of Bennett Foddy's Getting Over It game.
So, of course, there's another frustratingly fun game to play called Baby Steps, where you control a guy's... It's almost like co-op, but not.
I have the control that his feet and try to traverse the minute I saw that trailer literally go to the video at VOG Network and watch what we said about this because I said this game looks fucking ridiculous I said but Loki is super gonna be into it
Exactly.
So yeah, it looks funny.
So that is going to be coming out at some point next summer.
And then, of course, the announcement that Roblox is coming to PlayStation as well, which is coming to the console.
And it also came to the MetaQuest, which my son actually wanted me to get for him on the MetaQuest.
But because it's VR, they don't let you use VR unless you're over 13.
So he could not play it.
By the way, I know a lot of people are like big fucking deal about Roblox on PlayStation, but Roblox is like actually extremely popular with a certain group.
I mean, yeah, it is.
It is kind of irritating, but it is like it is a platform where you can make a lot of different things.
And yeah, a lot of the content is kind of trash, but it's trash that my kids play like.
Literally all day every day.
A lot of content on YouTube is trash, but we all keep watching it.
I don't know what to tell you.
They find entertainment in it.
They literally, they play a game where they DJ in like a club type thing and they like...
do that and people like tip them or something.
I don't know.
It's weird.
Somebody told me about Total Drama Island, which is like Survivor, but it's on Roblox.
That sounds awesome.
Total Drama Island.
I love that.
That should be just a show.
no well you know anything's possible you know milf island from 30 rock like legit became a show like it's not called that but it's it's it's the premise of milf island which if you've never seen that parody on 30 rock funniest fucking survivor parody because it was 30 rock that show is brilliant so it's just like you know what was it janine we do not want to hit that get off of milf island it's so good
a show in Roblox?
Whatever, I thought it was the thing that was associated with Roblox.
That sounds awesome, though.
All right, whatever.
They showed off footage of Ghostbusters Rise of the Ghost Lord, which was for PlayStation VR 2.
So, hey, they remembered that VR exists.
Also showed off the VR mode for Resident Evil 4.
And that is going to be coming, I guess, September 21st.
So just in a week here or later this week, actually.
then is yelling at me that Total Drama Island is actually a TV show that's on HBO Max.
I'm crossing my wires then I swear to God there's some Roblox clone that is a survivor thing that is like drama or whatever.
It is not the same thing as this show.
But now that I know about this show, I do think it's kind of funny.
So I guess I'll have to add it to my list.
Is it a cartoon?
It looks like a cartoon.
Let's hold it.
Total Drama Island.
They had a show called Total Drama at one time.
OK, so it's it is a show called Total Drama.
OK.
Neat.
Watch it.
It's like an animated survivor.
OK.
What else?
So we had, uh, they showed off, uh, Avatar, the new game, Last Letter, Airbender.
I was at Avatar Frontiers, the Pandora.
That's coming out in December.
And what else?
Like, even though I'm sure the game is going to be basic as fuck, like, it's a movie game.
It's Ubisoft.
It's going to be basic.
Ghost Riders 2 will begin in a demo at the end of October on the 26th.
Let's see.
Oh, I'm sorry.
It's coming out October 26th.
It's getting a demo before that.
We have the Deep Earth Collection, which is more colors coming to the PlayStation 5.
So they're going to have red, white, and blue.
I don't know how that's the Deep Earth Collection.
That's very patriotic of them.
I do not like the colors of those.
White's fine.
I thought they already had a white console.
But the blue and red are not, they don't look very good.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Volcanic red, cobalt blue, and sterling silver.
That looks white.
It's not chromy enough to be silver.
Sorry.
It's like a weird finish, but it looked pretty.
They all look pretty, I gotta say.
But I don't know if I would spend money to customize this box that sits on my shelf.
But the controllers look pretty.
Yeah.
I was into it.
Helldivers 2 is going to be coming out February 8th now.
It's been delayed from this year.
Marvel's Spider-Man 2, they showed off some trailer of that, showing off some of the open world stuff with that.
It looks very cool.
I think that game is going to sell oodles and oodles.
Exactly.
Tales of Arise is going to be getting an expansion called Beyond the Dawn.
And that is coming out November 9th.
Honkai Soul Rail
that's going to be coming out October 11th.
I didn't realize that wasn't already on PlayStation, to be honest.
I thought it was.
There's a lot of these games are just on PC and mobile and stuff.
Foam Stars, which is by Square Enix, they're getting an open beta later this month.
That looks kind of interesting.
September 29th.
I'm kind of surprised this is a Square Enix thing, though.
Kind of a rip off of Splatoon, but sure.
It is, but they kind of do something like if you look at it, it's like the heroes have different abilities, kind of like Overwatch.
It's kind of an interesting little mishmash of the formula.
Yeah.
And then finally a trailer for Final Fantasy VII Rebirth, which is coming out February 29th.
Looks fantastic.
They have like a $350 collector's edition.
Yeet.
Like that is ridiculous.
And clearly it's on two discs because you're going to need one disc to hold all those mini games.
But Andrea Rodea is apparently at the Gold Saucer now.
I love that they're finding ways to keep some of the great characters from the first part in the second part.
And that it looked really good.
They confirmed in a blog post that it ends with the sequence of events.
and I forget the name of the area, but it's in the original Final Fantasy VII where Aerith dies.
So they've confirmed, which I said a long time ago on this program, that is where the second game will end, with the quote-unquote Aerith death sequence.
But they didn't say, thank you, the Forbidden or Forgotten City.
Thank you.
They didn't say it ends with Aerith dying.
I mean, maybe they didn't want to spoil it, but you'll notice the words they chose left it open that Aerith maybe doesn't die.
but there's definitely there's definitely going to be a cliffhanger there.
Well, they already tried to kill.
Anyway, if you haven't played the first game yet, you probably should, because that was the first like, what the fuck moment?
But it was like, honestly, I was so into the plot of the first game and how they use that whole thing as a device.
So good.
So good.
I didn't like how they said that your saves don't transfer over.
That's kind of weird.
It is weird.
But yeah.
All right.
Yes, you're gonna have to start from square one.
I guess.
Yeah.
Typical square fashion, I guess.
So what'd you think of the Sony State of Play?
I did not watch it.
But oh,
I am looking forward to watching at least the Final Fantasy VII Rebirth trailer.
I need to play through VII.
I played through like the beginning of it.
I just never went back to it, but I need to play through it.
Now you can do what I did with Mass Effect and you just play them all back to back once they're all out.
Well, I guess there you go.
You'd have to wait for the third one to do that, but don't wait that long.
No, I don't want to.
Okay, good.
All right, let's see, moving right along.
Let's talk about, oh, a studio that I was speaking fondly of last week was Digital Eclipse because they made that Gold Master game, The Making of Karateka, which I was speaking highly of.
And, you know, there's a more in-depth look over on our YouTube channel, VOG Network.
Well, we got word about what Digital Eclipse's next game will be.
But it is not Gold Master series.
I was kind of surprised because this game would have been great for that.
But
um they are they must have just not had the library of material but they are gonna make wizardry uh specifically wizardry proving grounds of the mad overlord and it is now in early access uh right now apparently uh this was uh of course one of the very first computer rpgs that they had with a feature party based play it goes back to 1981 and i thought they stopped making wizardry games after wizardry 8
but boy when I said that in the discord server I got corrected real quick because apparently there have been wizardry games, spin-off games, and I guess wizardry is still kind of
Big question mark in Japan, because there's been so it's interesting.
So and apparently there's a lot of interesting issues going on with the rights and all that stuff.
But this remake has been in development for two years.
It is built on top of the original Apple twos game code.
And it is a full overhaul with a modernized visual presentation, a redesign interface, and all of that, which doesn't
Yeah, I mean, it doesn't really surprise me because, you know, the original Wizardry being on an Apple 2, it looks very old school.
And for those of you watching on YouTube, you can see it's that whole like green monitor, old ass Apple in the computer lab type of look.
But now that they have reimagined this game, it obviously looks very rendered.
And it's, you know, really it looks really cool.
So that's cool.
Yeah, I think I think I kind of want to check it out.
I do.
I wish they could remake something like Dragon Quest in this but they would never get the rights.
You think the rights to this were difficult to get?
Boy oh boy.
And I love that mode that they're showing in the trailer where it's the original Apple game on top of the new graphics.
I think that's so smart.
A way to kind of respect both games.
So kind of neat.
Bonds006 says could Oregon Trail ever come to modern consoles?
I believe it has.
Thank you for watching!
So, um, yeah, that looks, uh, it looks cool.
I have to check that out.
I guess it's in early access.
I could check it out now if I wanted to, but there's just so many games to play, including continuing my adventures in Starfield, which I think you want to talk about, Loki.
Yeah, so, uh, Starfield has, of course, hit Nexus mods and, you know, you can get all sorts of mods for, you know, a typical Bethesda game.
Which any Bethesda game you should expect, yes.
Any Bethesda game, yes.
I saw some thumbnails today.
I was like,
Not surprised, not surprised that that is one of the mods that's out there.
However, because the world is filled with a lot of whiny man babies that don't like things like pronouns, someone had gone out of their way to create a mod that removes the pronouns from Starfield.
And well, the folks at Nexus Mods are like, come on, what are you doing?
Like, seriously.
And so they removed the mod and they're like, well, if you don't like it,
Bye bye.
Good for them.
They were like, we're not going to miss the trash that leaves this site because we did this.
Like, good for them.
Like, props to Nexus Mod.
They basically said it's certainly within our rights not to host content on our platform.
That's right.
And, you know, First Amendment does not apply to our website.
Exactly.
And they said that believes in diversity and inclusion and the removal of diversity while appealing to many does not promote a positive modding community.
Great.
I stand behind that for sure.
It's also stupid.
Like, it's funny because- Did you hear the punchline about this mod?
Because there's a punchline about this whole thing.
Somebody brought it up in Discord.
Here's I think it was- Oh, here's the punchline.
Apparently with that mod, because it's deleting that, you know, section in there, and it basically makes that flag is not set when you make your character.
Everybody is non binary when you use that mod.
Well, but your character is immediately non-binary and we'll use they them pronouns because you did not change your pronouns to something else.
So by using that mod, you are electing to be non-binary in that game.
And I think that's the chef's kiss part of that.
That's just fantastic.
That's great.
Be sure to go comment that on all of the YouTube videos of people that are running that mod.
Be sure to, you know,
Well, yeah, I saw the like, I mean, the video that's been going around about not do not go to their YouTubes, do not give them clicks.
They do not deserve it.
Striker, I said, I'm just speaking.
I was going to say like the whole I saw the whole rant regarding that and the guy that was complaining about it.
But then eventually, like after he got done with his brain, he's like, we're going to play the game now.
It's like.
Why are some people, and it's always men, why are men so fragile about pronouns?
Actually, I know why.
I know why.
I mean, here it is.
Let's have a very frank conversation, you and I. The reason why these babies hate pronouns is because it is their masculinity being questioned.
because it's rooted in misogyny, 100%.
If you are a man who says, why do you need my pronouns?
You are practicing misogyny.
End of story, end of sentence, period, fact.
That's it.
Because the whole excuse for that whole thing, when, well, why do you have to ask my pronouns?
Shouldn't you just know them?
Isn't it obvious?
Can't you tell by looking?
That's always the answer.
So it is the subtext there is how dare you question my masculinity that I'm presenting?
How dare you question that?
And that is why people dislike pronouns.
And to those people, I say,
And yeah, DarkSakura is in chat actually.
And I think she'll be joining us shortly saying the proper response.
No, I can't tell.
That's why I asked.
If you want to you want to shut a baby down.
That is a great response to that.
No, I can't tell.
That's why I asked.
I didn't want to assume.
That's why I asked.
I just wanted to be clear.
Anyway, let's let's travel back to a simpler time in our next segment, shall we?
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
I'm sorry, I'm muted.
I was just reading what DarkSakura was saying in chat saying, I flat out said, I can't tell you have ample bosoms, sir.
Great.
Perfect.
All right.
Anyhow, if you cannot tell by the b-roll that's already rolling over on our website, which those of you listening on the podcast cannot see, the classic game of the week is an old school classic.
I'm going old school tonight.
This is a game called Miner 2049er.
Miner 2049er is a platform game that was originally developed for Atari computers.
The creator was Big Five Software.
Bill Hogg was the guy that made this game originally, again, for Atari 8-bit and those platforms.
In the game, you are playing as Bounty Bob, and you are going through multiple levels of a mine.
You have to traverse all of the platforms, but not hit the enemies.
It's, here's the thing, here's the thing, and think about it.
It's Pac-Man and Donkey Kong mixed together.
It's the, it's two of the biggest arcade classics of the era.
Pac-Man, collect all the dots, mixed with Donkey Kong, run over all the platform.
That's, that's literally what Miner 2049er is.
And it comes from this long line of, it's not a clone.
It's its own kind of thing, but it gets really close.
Anyway, this game ended up getting ported everywhere.
It was made for it.
So I guess actually first, Billhawg also had made games to the TRS-80 prior.
So this was the first game they needed for Atari 8-bit computers.
It was on a 16 kilobyte ROM cartridge.
That's more than the 8 kilobytes most Atari games of the era were using.
The game was then ported to the TI-99 4A, IBM PC, Apple II, VIC-20, Atari 2600, Atari 5200, Coleco, Super Cassette Vision, and of course, the Commodore 64, which is where I had played this game.
TigerKhanChat points out, I guess it's the best of both worlds.
Those being two of the most influential video games, you're going to see a lot of copycat games.
And like, it isn't bad, and it did do like its own thing, like you'll notice this level kind of has like an elevator thing going on with it.
So like it does, it's also elements of Jumpman, if you really want to be honest.
I would say it looks very much like Jumpman.
It does look a lot like Jumpman.
Actually, this might be before Jumpman.
But anyway, you know, all those games in this era kind of inspire each other.
Anyway, there was a sequel, an Apple II sequel, Miner 2049 or 2 from 1984.
Then there was Bounty Bob Strikes Back, which was on the Atari by the same creator that was released in 1985.
But by this point, Super Mario Brothers was out and everybody forgot about this game.
And I didn't forget.
Also, the interesting thing about this, you know, since I compare it to Donkey Kong, you know, Donkey Kong only had, I think, two boards on the home version and three boards in the arcade.
Because there was the infamous Pie Factory that was only in the arcade, but like wasn't on a lot of the home versions.
Miner2049er had 10 boards.
Of course, the Atari 2600 port being that it was on the Atari 2600, it only had three ports, but then they did a volume two with three more ports.
There were 11 boards in the ColecoVision and so on and so on.
So you know, there were were variances in this game, as there were lots of games of the time.
So, um, anyway, the game came out in December of 1982.
The game sold well, apparently about as well as Ultima II of the same era.
In 1983, it came out and ported for different systems.
An old review from a magazine called InfoWorld said Minor2049er was selling like crazy.
Apparently, the ColecoVision version by Microfun was the number one selling video game of its year.
So there, I mean, there was a lot of people that were playing this, you know.
By the way, if you're curious to play this game today,
The Atari 800 and Atari 2600 versions of Minor2049er are in Atari 50.
Did that leave me to thinking about this game?
Maybe.
But that's where you can play this game today if you want is in the Atari 50 collection, which of course is available on Switch, PS4, Steam, and Xbox One.
Allgame, not to be confused with the network we used to be on, but the website Allgame, gave this four and a half stars for the Atari 5200 version.
IGN gave it an 8 out of 10 for the mobile re-release.
It was given an 82% by Computer & Video Games, so again, pretty well received at the time.
Legacy of the game.
A lot of games were influenced by this, such as Manic Miner, Scraper Caper, which was kind of a re-release to that,
Again, we talked about Bounty Bob Strikes Back and Miner 2049er too.
In the book, A Brief History of Video Games, written in 2015 by Richard Stanton, he stated that Miner 2049er kind of contributed to the platform game popularity on systems like the ZX.
A Game Boy version of this game came out in the early 1990s.
I didn't even realize that one, but apparently it was a poor sales performer.
Well, again,
By that point, you had Mario and like Mario Land and stuff.
And Stanton, in the book, A Brief History of Video Games, said that Miner 2049er was forgotten and that Nintendo's game made it look like a fossil.
Well, we here at OLR, or at least me, we didn't forget you.
So pour one out for the classic game of the week, Miner 2049er.
There it is.
So did you ever play that game, Loki?
I don't think I've ever played that game.
You've never played that game?
Wow.
No, I don't remember it if I did.
All right.
I had an erased cassette of it.
Oh, well, hello, DarkSakura joining us here live on the show.
Hello.
Hello.
How are you?
I am tired.
I bet.
Well, I mean, it's a fairly serious and kind of relaxing holiday, but I've had some emotional times.
So I'll leave it at that.
Okay.
Well, I hope you were I hope you were pleased with my pick in your absence for Minor2049.
Did you ever play that game out of curiosity?
I had an erased cassette of it.
Oh, right, right.
But it was erased.
Yeah, thanks to living in Alabama and power surges.
Yeah.
And how quickly things got demagnetized.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Love the old technology, but not really.
Um, before we before we get into some rapid fire news, how was your gaming week, DarkSakura?
Um, it was the usual, you know, I played some Dead by Daylight and I played some, like, some very silly games on top of it.
And, um, I played, of course, some Dreamlight Valley.
That game is just sort of, like, my chill, cozy vibe game.
I didn't play my retro stuff just because of the High Holy Days being on, you know.
I've been trying to be more observant with all that.
I did play some Pinball, played some Weird Al, played some Twilight Zone.
Yeah, just, you know, not much.
It's been kind of an easy week, but I did do my DVD stuff.
All right.
Well, I hope on the foot of coming off of the holiday, I hope your new year is excellent.
Thank you.
Shana Tova to all my Jews.
All right.
So I actually SSJ100 Matt, I think said that earlier in chat.
He's three hours ahead.
So you know, it's already nighttime when the show started.
But I believe said that earlier in chat.
So
Oh, and I don't know how I never heard of this tradition, but there's a tradition to eat a brand new kind of fruit that you've never had before.
Oh, and so I've had my first custard apple.
And it's okay.
I don't think it gets all the hype that people call it the king of all fruits.
But I'm like, I would prefer mangosteen if I was going to eat something rare.
What?
You're a custard apple?
No, I said that you said king of all fruit.
I said, that's me.
Also, I only knew about- I know people who will fight you for that, Rob.
That's fine.
I only knew about apple honey combos this holiday, so that's neat.
Oh, I had- I made, like, these no-bake apple balls.
They're supposed to be bars, but they stuck to the pan.
I made them with dried apples, raw honey.
You're not really supposed to have nuts, but I did put candied pecans in it.
And I had dried cranberries and a few dates.
And they were really good.
I added too much salt because it needed the salt to offset a little bit of sweetness.
But it had this weird duality to it that worked really well.
And I had honey cake and I had apple cider doughnuts from Trader Joe's.
I mean, we were all about the sweets, which is now... And of course Trader Joe's is awesome because they have the ranchala that's traditional for Rosh Hashanah.
And it was really good and very light and delicious.
But it's sort of like I'm doing my big reset because I need to pay a little bit more attention to myself before TwitchCon if I want to cosplay.
and Matt.
What people forget is that that doesn't mean I don't also like apple like I also like the apple donuts and the apple fritters and like Starbucks around this time of year.
Yeah, they have pumpkin spice lattes, but they also have like an apple drink that's really good.
So have them add apple syrup to chai.
Oh, that does sound good.
It's pretty amazing.
Apple Hill to get some apple wine
And for those who don't know Apple Hill, it's a tourist trap here in Northern California, but it's great.
It's like up the hill.
I have the tiny apple cider donuts at this one place and you can get really good apple wine at this farmer's market.
But I did get a different kind of wine at Sprouts.
They had a pomegranate wine, a wine made all of pomegranate, and pomegranate's another, you know, traditional flavor.
And so I got pomegranate wine, and this stuff is amazing.
It's so good.
PodCulture in chat says, Wendy's has pumpkin spice frosties that are awesome.
You are the first person.
You're the first person I've heard compliment that.
It's a little too much sugar for me.
So it's the same answer I give to the question, have you had the ice spice drink at Dunkin Donuts, which is like literally blended donuts or whatever that whole mess is.
That's a little much sugar for me.
But, you know, okay.
I would have just a sip if I could, but I don't want to go to Wendy's to get just a sip of frosty.
If I got a Frosty, it's gonna be chocolate and it's gonna be a child size.
That's all I can handle ice cream wise.
And do you dip your chicken nuggets in that or is that like only a Shane thing?
I think that's gross.
See that Shane was the one that was like, no, you have- No, a lot of people do.
No, it was fries.
It was fries, not chicken nuggets.
A lot of people do it, but I don't like it.
Yeah, no, I know.
I also don't like their fries or their chicken nuggets.
It's too much of the hot and cold sensation at once.
But you know what I did find when I was at the grocery store?
Wendy's chili.
In the can.
And now Cheesecake Factory is having their brown bread.
So like, what are we gonna get next?
McDonald's frozen chickie nuggies?
You know, maybe zucchini bites from Carl's Jr.?
Maybe.
Mmm, crisp cut fries.
Anyway, alright, before I get too hungry... It's all about the zucchini.
Let's get back to some video games and travel around the world and check out some rapid fire news.
So, Loki... I'm doing this one, Rob.
Oh, you are gonna do this one.
Okay, well, let's go to Loki first.
And then I'll go to you.
Loki.
All right, so we have some of the games that are going to be coming as part of PlayStation Plus in September.
So starting off with, we've got, looks like Sid Meier's Civilization VI, Star Ocean, The Divine Force, Sniper Ghosts, Warrior 2, Contracts, Odin Sphere, I don't know how to pronounce the subtitle of that, Life, Life Razor, I don't know.
Unpacking, Planet Coaster, Console Edition, This War of Minefile Cut, Cloudpunk, Contra Rogue Corps,
TalesNoir, CallOfTheSea, WestOfDead, StarOcean, IntegrityAndFaithlessness, and PawPatrolTheMovie, TheAdventureCityCalls.
Woo!
And then if you're a PlayStation Premium member, you also get more StarOcean games, including StarOcean First Departure R, StarOcean Until the End of Times, and StarOcean The Last Hope 4K and Full HD Remaster, and then Dragon's Crown Pro.
Neat.
Still doesn't justify the 30% increase but go off.
Nope.
And then of course for Xbox Game Pass, you may remember that they had got rid of the games with gold now and as they're going to have a core collection as part of the Game Pass core that you're going to get access to.
Well now we know which games are going to be included with that.
So the list of games is
Among Us, Astroneer, Celeste, DeadCells, Descenders, Dishonored 2, Doom Eternal, Standard Edition, Fable Anniversary, Fallout 4, Fallout 76, Firewatch, Forza Horizon 4, Gang Beasts, Gears 5, Golf with Friends, Grounded, Halo 5, Guardians, Halo Wars 2, Hellblade, Senua's Sacrifice,
Human Fall Flat, InSight, Limbo, Ori and the Will of the Wisps, Overcooked 2, Payday 2, Power Wash Simulator, Psychonauts 2, Slay the Spires, Spiritfarer, Sardew Valley, State of Decay 2, Juggernaut Edition, Subliminal, The Elder Scrolls Online, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Shredder's Revenge, Unpacking, and Vampire Survivors.
Let's go to DarkSakura.
What do you have for us tonight?
A game I own.
First of all, this makes me really, really, really happy.
A game I love, I was excited to get, I played the Shadow of on Dreamcast when I got it, Rainbow Cotton.
It's coming to PS5, PS4, Xbox One, Switch, and computers in spring 2024.
And this game is actually the style sequel
to a game I've done as a classic game.
I don't know if I've actually done this one before, though.
But Panorama Cotton, which is actually a very rare Sega Mega Drive game, you know, Mega Drive, Genesis, where it is a over-the-shoulder kind of rail shooter game where you're having to shoot all the things in front of you as you go and you go through different towns and different places.
And this game is intensely cute.
It also isn't super easy, but it's the game that forever hid the words WEEELO in my head.
because she's addicted to this candy called Willow and she eats it until she throws up.
And she has her little fairy friends sort of like as options, you know, when she's going.
She has to rescue different fairies.
And it's just such a cute game.
But the game has been remastered, but trying to keep the same style and general appearance that
that the original had.
It's a really cute game.
The Dreamcast one was really excellent.
But they've done a few extra things.
So there is a dedicated retro mode.
There are enhanced controls.
So there's a snapback and lock-on features that have been touched up.
Full localization, including the cutscenes.
and different graphic enhancements like particle effects, ambient occlusion, things that you really only understand the terms for if you work in 3D rendering or are a big nerd like me.
So yeah, and I was just looking it over, and it's everything that I remember Rainbow Cotton to be.
Nice.
I'm pretty thrilled.
Awesome.
Yeah, but just I will have to play it in Japanese because there better be the way she says it is so funny.
All right.
Did you say you had something else?
No.
Okay.
I'm sorry.
I just made that up then.
All right.
Well, then we will go to traveling around the world and checking out some release dates and see what is coming out in a country near you.
Let's start with the US Loki.
Yeah, so we have a few things coming out.
So starting with looks like Pokemon Sleep, which came out today, apparently, in Oceania.
Okay, well, that's not helpful at all.
Thank you.
Ember Knights.
I bet that's the device, the Pokemon Plus Plus or whatever that goes with Sleep.
Yeah.
Ember Knights coming out on Nintendo Switch.
Lisa, Definitive Edition on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
My Friendly Neighborhood on PC.
I love a good survival horror game that's set in Sesame Street.
We have Pokemon Sleep coming out this week.
That's on iOS and Android.
Viewfinder on PC and PlayStation 5.
That looks actually pretty interesting.
So I don't know what release that is.
I don't know.
I would feel like maybe the physical, but that's weird.
Maybe.
It's snuck on there.
I don't know.
Maquette on Xbox One and Xbox Series CrossTales on PC, Nintendo Switch, PS4, PS5, Xbox One, Xbox Series KillSquad on PS4 and PS5 Mahou Kenshi on Mac
Might and Magic Classic of Heroes Definitive Edition on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 Nobunaga's Ambition Awakening on PC, Nintendo Switch, and PlayStation 4 Oaken on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series Punch Club 2 Fast Forward on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series
Sailing Era on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and PlayStation 5.
We have The Spirit and the Mouse on PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5.
Wispike Survivors on, let's see, Sword of the Necromancer, that's on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and PlayStation 5.
This title, which actually, I keep forgetting, like for several weeks now, I played this like a few weeks ago, but
You'll love the title for this.
Yeah, you want those games, right?
So here you go.
Now let's see you clear them.
It is a game that's based off of all of those mobile ads, you know, like the weird mobile games that they show you and then you go and actually try to download those games and they're not the same.
Well, now that someone's actually made those into like a mini game type thing.
But that's on PC and Nintendo Switch, although I've played on PC, so I don't know.
Chat is asking if you're in the wrong week.
Oh, I am in the wrong week.
I scrolled my mouse.
Yeah, that's all I was gonna say.
I played that months ago.
Okay, well, let's start over here.
None of that's coming out.
That came out two months ago.
Oh, boy.
Okay, well starting with this week we have Gloomhaven, that's on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
Bit.Trip Rerunner on PC.
Legend of Nauta, Boundless Trails, that's on PC, Nintendo Switch, and PlayStation 4.
Liza P on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
Mortal Kombat 1 on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series, including really ugly-looking Johnny Cage on the Switch version.
I've been seeing those screenshots going around.
That is some scary models there.
Technically, the early access started a few days ago, but...
I've already seen the whole game.
Yeah.
Shane was mentioning he was really into it.
So yeah, I'll have to check out the story stuff at some point.
Yep.
Moonstone Island on PC, Mac and Nintendo Switch.
Party Animals on PC, Xbox One, Xbox Series.
Powerful Pro Baseball Aiken 9 Crossroad on iOS and Android.
Monu on PC, Nintendo Switch and PlayStation 5.
Okay.
There's something very important about that Man Yu game, because I'm looking at it on my list too.
The actual full name of the game is, Man Yu, defeat monsters and gain strong weapons and armor.
You may be defeated, but don't give up, become stronger.
I believe there will be a day when the heroes defeat the Devil King.
That is the full... I don't know if they let Fiona Apple name this game, or what.
It sounds like it was named by an 18th century author.
But that is literally, like, here's the box art right here.
Man Yu,
They're the whole title.
It's all there.
They let someone that was an Amazon seller name the game.
So, yeah.
No, seriously, that's how they named books in like the 18th and 19th centuries.
True, true.
Like super long names.
Payday 3 on PC, PS5, Xbox Series, Rin, The Last Child on PC, PS4, PS5, Xbox One, Xbox Series, Avatar, The Last Airbender, Quest for Balance
on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series, Cyber Citizen, Shockman 2, A New Menace on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series, The Legend of Nayuta, Boundless Trails on PC, Nintendo Switch, and PlayStation 4, and then we even have one coming out on the weekend here, but it's Atelier
Raznor, let's try to pronounce this, Razirinia, I don't know.
Stop making up names that are hard to pronounce.
Forgotten Alchemy, The Polar Knight Liberator on iOS and Android.
That's it.
All right, let's travel to Japan.
Not nearly as many releases in Japan.
I'm not seeing like a localized Mortal Kombat 1.
I don't know if that game probably can even come out there, but... The other ones have.
The other ones have.
For some reason, it's not on their list, which surprised me.
The general greater Asia region has a release in multi language, but not specifically Japan that I'm seeing, which is interesting.
But what I do see it Oh, maybe it's because I'm only looking at the switch to maybe it's something that but for the switch, we do have Pikmin one and two gets released in Japan this week as well.
Of course that is coming out.
And then as we go to the PlayStation five lies of P in a regular and collectors edition is released.
And
That's really, that's really it, I guess.
Oh, no, this would be before our next show.
Payday 3 is also out in Japan in a regular and collector's edition overseas.
That's really it.
Well, I've got a handful, too.
Okay, let's look at Europe.
On the 19th, for PlayStation and Switch, we have Gloomhaven.
Also, adding in Xbox, we have Mortal Kombat 1.
For Xbox and PlayStation, we have Lies of Pea.
For the same on the 21st, we have Payday 3.
Also on the 21st, for PlayStation and Switch, we have Paper Man.
For the 22nd, that's all of these last ones for the 22nd.
PlayStation and Xbox Switch, we have Avatar The Last Airbender Quest for Balance.
PlayStation and Switch, House Flipper Pets Edition.
Xbox Baby Shark Sing and Swim Party.
Okay.
On Switch, we have Pikmin 1 and 2.
For the 3, we have Days of Doom and also Rainbow Higher Runway Rush.
That's it.
All right.
The end is near.
That's it for this week.
Maybe it'll just be another big gaming news week as a result.
We'll see.
Let's go to a few more stories.
So Loki, why don't you start us off?
All right.
Well, we talked a little bit about the Embracer Group and how they were closing down Volition last week.
Well, that's not the end of it, unfortunately.
So Embracer Group is actually looking to, once again, still trying to recover from that $2 billion short deal that they're supposed to be having with Saudi Arabia, their financing.
And so now Gearbox Software may be up on the chopping block as far as being sold off.
I mean, cool.
I mean, I could think of a company that begins with micro and ends with soft that's buying people up.
So I, I can see them purchasing, you know, these companies, but, um, yeah, I mean, I'm not surprised.
So we'll have to see what ends up happening with that.
Hopefully it doesn't end up that they can't find a buyer and then everybody gets laid off, but we'll have to wait and see, I guess.
The hits keep coming for Embracer.
Let me tell you, boy, oh boy.
Yeah.
Alright, well then we'll move on.
Loki, what else?
This is just all sorts of wacky.
So, there is a game called RZ, The Jewel of Faramore, which apparently contains the voice actors and the artists from the Zelda CDI game.
So as soon as you see like a screenshot of this, it's like, oh, yep.
Here we go again.
And so... Why?
Because it looks cool.
I don't know.
It's got that art style that resembles a CD-i.
And apparently they did animate everything.
They hand-painted all of the animations and then translated them into the game.
And it looks like... I mean, the artwork looks very much like... If someone told me this was from one of the CD-i Zelda games, I would absolutely believe that.
Infamy is a very interesting way to put it, that's for sure.
Yeah, it's so they're like saying that, you know, every single background in RZ is hand painted.
So the design process was that I would do it all in the graph paper along with my design assistant and friend, John Lineman of Digital Foundry.
We sort of went back and forth on level designs.
Then I would gray box it and then would make a sketch based off of those refined gray boxes and hand it off to an artist to get painted.
So, of course, the backgrounds in the CD-i version of the Zelda game I think were also hand-painted as well.
And then from that, they said, we also have one of the painters from the original games that inspired RZ.
It sounds like they almost wanted to make another Zelda CD-i type game, but of course, can't license Zelda.
They also said, I reached out and pitched the project.
I made sure they knew it wasn't a joke and that I was being serious and I wasn't just a crazy person.
They were super on board.
Made it very clear that this was a passion project, a love letter to those games.
We're not making fun of them.
Once they realized what I was doing, they were excited and we had lots of fun.
So that's cool.
I mean, like, it basically sounds like it is like, you know, they like the Zelda games, even though they're just really kind of cheesy and stupid.
And so they're just trying to make like something that's like a spiritual successor to that type of stuff.
And you know what it makes me think of?
It makes me think of the people that have gone back and made like E.T.
a better game or whatever or going back and taking Pac-Man on the Atari 2600 and making it look better.
Like it's it's one of those things where it's like you're into the game so much you're willing to kind of go in and like show what it could have been with a little more love.
Right.
So that's that's what this feels like to me, honestly.
I think I think it'd be cool.
SG100 Matt says, I look forward to it being on a silly block for GDQ.
Speaking of GDQ, quick random tangent aside, but it's important.
Because DarkSakura, you may not know this.
We had some breaking news this evening earlier in the show on the show before us, actually.
Bobby Blackwolf is now coming to TwitchCon.
Um, because he will be one of seven hosts at GDQX, I think it's what it's called, but it's basically a mini GDQ that is happening at TwitchCon.
And so Bobby auditioned to be a host and he's one of the hosts.
So pretty cool.
And I was commenting- I'll be sure to come up in my pig cosplay.
I was commenting, I think it's the first time me and him, me, him, and you have all gone to an expo since PAX 08.
Jeez.
And I was like, Yeah, yeah, you're right.
Yeah, all of us.
Yeah, because he never made it out for Gamer X. He always talked about it, but he never made it out.
And then you sadly have never been to Dragon Con yet.
Loki, I was joking.
I was saying, Hey, if Loki could come to the gang would all be reunited.
So it'd be fun.
Yeah, it would be fun.
I would love to do it.
There's going to be the Hermitcraft people there, but I can't.
You know, can we kidnap you or something?
Can we make it look like a crime?
I don't know, maybe.
Sure.
All right.
Uh, one more story for you tonight.
Oh, and you know what that means?
Huh?
We can take Bobby to the pinball museum.
Oh, he apparently so here's the thing.
And maybe maybe Bobby should tell the story.
Not me.
But I guess I'm telling it.
I think he told most of it on his show.
He has always told Mrs. Blackwolf that they could go to Vegas someday.
And now he's kind of
doing this ahead of that promised trip, but since it's, and I'm using my quotey fingers, for work, he's allowed to go to Vegas without Mrs. Blackwolf.
Because with the timing and everything, you know, why doesn't Mrs. Blackwolf just go too?
I'm sure that would have been great if, you know, the time off, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
So he's avoiding the big restaurants, the shows, and all that stuff.
Bobby says in chat, she has expressly allowed me to go to the Pinball Hall of Fame.
I was getting there.
But yes, Mrs. Blackwolf gave express permission that the Pinball Hall of Fame is A-OK.
Well, I think since it's no longer by the Liberace Museum, too, so you can avoid that.
I mean, that's a big draw, the Liberace Museum.
The only problem with Pinball Hall of Fame now is that it is completely the south end of the Strip.
And the TwitchCon is with the Convention Center at the north end of the Strip.
Also on the north end of the Strip, the When We Were Young Festival.
So getting from north to south will probably be pretty easy, but going back is probably going to suck depending on the time of day.
But yes, definitely go to the Pinball Hall of Fame.
It's really cute.
I'm taking Lyft everywhere, except for the places that I go with Terra.
Yeah.
sg100mat says I thought they moved it closer to the airport.
They did.
That's that if you keep going just like a couple blocks further south on the strip, you're literally at the airport.
So yeah, the pinball Hall of Fame is like right there.
It's right.
It's like across the street from Luxor.
I think at this point or whatever is like maybe Bandolier Bay, one of those casinos that's really at the south end of the strip.
Oh, Luxor.
I have good memories of Luxor.
That's where I played the eight-person in-car Daytona.
Oh, wow.
Back when they had, like, a dead... This was... I was in early high school, I think?
But it was, um, we had, we had gone to Phoenix, um, to visit my mom when she was living there, married to the biker.
And she drove us, uh, from Phoenix to, um, Las Vegas.
And on one of the days that rained, like, desert raining, you know?
Oh, yeah.
And so we were stuck in the Excalibur, but they had the tram, the monorail thing, going to the Luxor.
And so we went to the Luxor, and there was a big Sega arcade, and my mom just let me loose.
I played everything that I could.
It was great.
And then we went back to the Excalibur, and I shot a crossbow.
now, um, while it's on my mind to delve into completely personal stuff, since I know you're staying with Tiara and I really want to see them while I'm in Vegas.
Cause I haven't seen them in a long time.
Um, I would love to, so either Thursday for dinner or Monday for, I don't know when you leave, but Monday for brunch, I'll still be there on Monday, Tuesday.
Okay.
Oh, good.
Cause our flight leaves late Monday, like late Monday.
So, um, I would love to do like brunch.
I'm flying out Tuesday and coming back Tuesday.
Oh, it's either Monday or Tuesday.
Oh, so you're like making a whole week out of it to have like reunion and stuff.
And then like TwitchCon.
Yeah.
I'm not going to be able to do Just to Carry On because I'm going to have all my cosplay stuff with me and I'm totally going to that weird market at that one casino.
I'm trying to remember what it's called, like the Omni Market or something.
Oh, is that where the after party's at?
That that looks so cool.
I know what you're talking about.
It's like it's it's all like a photo op Instagram type of place.
The actual official Twitch after party is there.
I was looking into it for a minute, but then I was like, I really want to go to that.
Oh, I mean, I just wanted to go to that market and buy weird shit.
Yeah.
Um, I was gonna say, okay, I didn't tell you what I ended up doing earlier that week.
Or is it Omega Mart or something?
It's Omega Mart.
That's it.
Um, so my friend was like, saying, you know what, for birthday, I want to go to Disneyland.
I want to do Oogie Boogie.
Let's do Oogie Boogie for my birthday.
So I said, Yes, we'll do it.
We'll go to Disneyland.
And then I realized it's the same week as TwitchCon.
So here's the hilarious part.
We're flying down
on Tuesday, going to Disney Tuesday night and Wednesday, we're going to the park, then we fly Thursday to Vegas and then do TwitchCon.
So when we do TwitchCon, we'll be coming off a day and a half of Disney.
We can we can always I'm always down for a Disney trip.
You know what, though?
But I can't but I've already got my ticket for Las Vegas.
Well, and tiara tiara time will be great too.
So we can do Disney another time.
I mean,
I'm gonna have to do like, after holidays or something.
Yeah, I'm gonna I'm gonna tell you something about all that offline too.
So anyway, okay.
Um, let's see.
Let's move on though back less personal stuff.
More things that affect everybody.
So
You know what's all the rage these days is launchers, that's right.
You know what, to do Baldur's Gate 3, you gotta get the Larian software launcher.
You wanna play any Ubisoft game, you gotta get the Ubisoft launcher.
And I know we are sick and fucking tired of launchers, but you know what, let's pour one out for the one that started it all.
That's right, on September 12th, 2003, to play a little game that had just came out called Half-Life 2,
You needed the Steam Launcher.
And Steam has turned 20 years old this week, as Jason also named checked in our intro.
That's right.
Steam is well known for its sales.
It's also known for changing colors from the original olive green, you know, type of color system that had before.
But yes, now it is known as one of the behemoths of storefronts.
But what's funny,
People were so pissed off when they had to put that piece of software on their computer, just like we're pissed off at all the software that's trying to copy a success now.
To which really only Epic has been successful at even getting close, let's be real.
But that doesn't stop everybody from trying.
There is, as DarkSakura referenced, a sale going on as well for the 20th birthday.
And they're doing some interesting things like with like store pages or sorry, profile pages.
You can use those little steam points you accumulate to buy things like an enhanced badge profile or whatever.
And then of course, you can buy a bunch of backgrounds.
It's all the stuff that's from trading cards.
And I remember DarkSakura texted me one yesterday.
She's like, look, they have clue backgrounds.
And I was like, Oh, that is cool.
So technically, it's Cluedo.
They're going by the original name.
Yeah, well, I think the developer that made that game is overseas, too.
But yeah, I mean, same, same.
Clue, Cluedo.
So yeah, pretty cool.
I forget what my background is now.
I think it's, well, I don't know.
I think it's Pac-Man, actually.
I think it's like Pac-Man Championship Edition 2 or one of those games.
So
Mine is some retro new wave looking thing.
Quest Buster in chat sums it up pretty succinctly in chat saying, then I bought the retail version of Half-Life 2 thinking I could avoid Steam.
Now, my Steam backlog is so huge.
Right, Loki?
Yeah.
Only 800 games or so.
All right.
This is the part of the show- I did go back and buy like counter- even though I'm never gonna play it, I bought Counter-Strike for like 79 cents.
Oh, yeah, because the discounts are pretty wacky right now.
So but it's fun.
This is the part of the show where we open it up to you all.
It's the listener roundtable where we open it up for questions in our chat as well as our mailbag.
Participate at OrangeLingerieDo.com or our Discord server if you'd like to go to VOG.
excuse me, hiccup, vognetwork.com slash discord and join the green room.
We'll field a couple calls.
Or if you have a question, you can always shout it out in chat.
This is the part of the show where I would encourage DarkSakura to go to the mailbag and read emails.
But I think I think we're on almost a month straight now of no emails.
Spam needs to be cleaned out.
Yeah.
Yeah, I didn't have my hazmat suit available.
All right, hey, we do have a question in the chat.
Somebody is taking me up on my offer of a roundtable question and chat.
So Bobby Blackwolf asked this question.
My Nintendo Switch online sub is about to lapse.
How has the expansion pass been for you since you upgraded to it?
Good question, because you might remember I talked about it briefly on last week's show, but with my trip to Dragon Con, I finally decided, you know what?
I'm going to pony up the money for the expansion pass because
Originally, I thought that the Zelda Oracle of Ages and Seasons, I thought I would need the advanced player for that, because when I had them, it was on the advanced.
But no, those were Game Boy Color games, so they're actually in the Game Boy Player.
But it did get my brain thinking, and those came out, but it got my brain thinking like, oh,
What's in that advanced library now?
What's what's in all those libraries now?
Is it worth it?
And so yeah, I was like, okay, they've expanded the N64 library quite a bit.
There's a lot going on.
And I was like, you know what?
I don't really want to buy the Mario Cart expansion stuff, but it's all available as a part of the pass.
All right, you know what?
Fuck it.
I'm going to finally pony up the money for the expansion pass.
And has it been worth it?
Yeah, I mean, I've been having fun.
Like, I played a lot of the advanced stuff.
like Mario Advance, Mario Advance 2, WarioWare back when it was good.
I played all of those on the Game Boy Advance emulator and had a good time with it.
And then I was playing N64 stuff too.
I played Pokemon Puzzle League, which yes, I know we already had Tetris Attack, but Pokemon Puzzle League had Pokemon.
And it had like the round stages that are in the cylinder and all that other stuff.
So it's kind of fun.
So
I would say, especially at this point, now that the Mario Kart 8 expansion is fully realized, just about, I think we still, you know, we got the announcement of the last bit of it coming out.
Now that that's fully realized, if you didn't already pay for that separately, which Bobby says he did, whoops, that would make it worth it because you did pay for that.
What's left for you?
The Animal Crossing, but most most people are kind of past Animal Crossing at this point.
I was really surprised.
Going back to the Nintendo Direct stuff, I was really surprised they didn't actually announce more stuff for Animal Crossing.
I'm kind of surprised they did not do more DLC for that game.
With as big as that game was, that actually is a legit surprise, because Nintendo has been known to support even older games with DLC.
Hello, Mario Kart.
I was kind of surprised about that, to be honest.
So, hmm.
Bobby in chat says, honestly, at this point, Animal Crossing just now reminds me of quarantine.
Ooh, I never thought of that.
Does that game have a stigma around it now?
Interesting.
I never really thought about that.
Yeah, maybe by the time they release a new game.
I don't associate it the same way.
I mean, it's just that I think I hit the point where I did everything I was gonna do.
I I get that perspective though I do like I think my love of Animal Crossing predates that but I get it like yeah, I just think that's, that's interesting.
I bet you're not the only one that would have a thought like that.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's the whole thing.
It's like it's kind of one of those Oh, I never stopped to think about that.
But now that I am I'm like, huh?
That'd be interesting.
Hmm.
All right.
Well, I don't see any other chat questions or comments.
So I think that's going to do it for another episode of the show.
We had a lot of news tonight.
We had some good stuff tonight.
So we're going to go around and get everybody's final thoughts and wrap it all up.
DarkSakura, I believe you're still streaming tonight, since everything's all wrapped up with holidays, right?
I'm tired, so I may play a little Dead by Daylight, but there's a chance I might switch to Dreamlight Valley just because I'm really exhausted.
I've had a very emotional day today.
Play what you want.
Dreamlight's fun, too.
Yeah, but I want to try for more adepts.
I got my xenomorph adept already.
I've kind of been on a big alien kick too, like looking for deleted scenes.
There's a channel I've been following called, I have to look it up again, it's like Alien Theory or something like that.
where they go into like the Apocrypha and we're recapping like original scripts and stuff like that.
And so I found out that Dark Horse actually did a comic of the original Space Beast script that turned into the first alien movie.
And it's pretty good.
I mean, and yes, there was a cat.
Love it.
Perfect, perfect.
I'm tempted to write a story called Jonesy's Tale, which is all just about the movie from Jonesy's point of view.
Humans are stupid.
They really should have listened to mom.
Well, with that, DarkSakura, any other final thoughts for us before you go off to set up for your stream?
I have new merch.
And where can people check that out?
DarkSakura.com.
Perfect.
All right.
Have a good stream.
As I always say at the end of every show, if you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Lounge Radio, please tell a friend or two.
Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we need more voices to put out on the air.
So tell a friend, tell two friends, tell 20 friends.
A nice five-star review on a site like iTunes goes an awful long way as well, and we really appreciate that.
Spotify, wherever it is you found this show, please consider a kind word there.
We would appreciate it.
Don't forget to visit us on our discord server, vognetwork.com slash discord and don't forget to follow VOG Network all over the interwebs on your favorite social media sites.
With all that, Loki, we're over to you.
Did you have I didn't ask you if you had any last minute stories, but I'm assuming we got it all out tonight.
No, we didn't really have anything.
Then do you have any final thoughts for us tonight?
Um, well, just back to the editing grind again.
All right.
Thanks for watching!
That's it.
Happy gaming everybody have enjoyed gaming this week.
Let's enjoy the retreat retreat that unity is going to publicly make this week.
That's going to be fucking fascinating.
So stay tuned for that.
It should be an exciting show next week.
Have a great week, everybody.
We will see you in seven days.
Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR studios.
Join us for our live show.
Tune into vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m.
Pacific, 9 p.m.
Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
