Cup Noodle announces the greatest innovation in noodles since the instant noodle itself.
Gaming Cup Noodle, it's caffeinated.
On the grind, you need a quick fix while you quickly unwind?
Gaming Cup Noodle, it's caffeinated.
Need a pick-you-up that won't thick you up?
Gaming Cup Noodle, it's caffeinated.
Real talk, would slurp yearly.
This is the RGB package intro.
Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you about
this and the rest of the two weeks in gaming news, starting right now on the show where
every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends, and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, and we are live once again, as Jason said there in the intro.
After missing last week, we'll talk about that.
For tonight, September the 10th of 2023, episode number 973, and now live and on the air.
And with me tonight, joining me as always, say hello first off to Dark Sakura or Jamie
Summers.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
How are you?
How was your week off?
What week off?
I guess.
Well, technically-
I did a 13-hour stream.
Oh, that's true.
That's true.
So you were working, but different type of work.
Yeah, I was working it, but I didn't advertise enough, so only a few people were there.
But I appreciate the people who were, and I made a bunch of friends during my subathon,
and honestly, it's just the last few series of weeks have just been compostable.
It's probably was a tricky weekend to do a subathon to with all the stuff that goes on
for Labor Day, between Dragon Con where I was at, Penny Arcade Expo, I know here locally
SAC Anime, it's a big convention weekend, and the other types of holiday junk that
people do.
None of that had anything to do with what was going on with my week though.
I'm just saying the subathon attendance, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, I mean, but I honestly, I didn't advertise it enough, and that's really what it was.
And I mean, given that I have people from all over the world who don't necessarily celebrate
the same holiday or have to deal with our conventions, so it was just all my fault.
Well, you got to play video games all day though, so hopefully that was still fun.
All day solo queue.
Wow.
Except for a little bit.
I played with a few people.
All right, well, also joining us tonight, even though he's not on video yet, he is with
us.
Say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Happy early birthday.
I've been here the whole time.
That's right.
You said what's going on?
You're not on video right now, but you will be later.
You're like rendering a video or something?
I am rendering a video that I've been working, editing for literally a month.
Oh, yeah, I've seen your posts about this.
You've been working very hard on this.
Yes, it's been a whole month that I've been editing this video, and now it is it is done
well is so done well as Dark Sakura beat me to it.
Happy early birthday.
Thank you.
Because I know your birthday is tomorrow.
It's a day that a lot of people remember your birthday.
And I have a disaster birthday, you know, mine was the Waco thing.
Whereas my birthday is the day that sodomy laws got overturned.
And there's also the gay marriage legalization day.
So I have a bit of a celebration day.
Although I will say I also share birthday with Tim Curry.
So there's that.
Oh, that is that is pretty good.
My big birthday share is Ariana Grande.
So who's your big birthday share, Loki?
Maybe we don't do Wikipedia.
Maybe we should maybe we should talk about the big event.
He shares his birthday with no, no, no, like, okay, well, I'm gonna try not to like, put
this in Debbie Downer mode here.
But no, like, so it was a bit of ironic trivia.
So I saw the other day, like on on Facebook, it was reminded to me that Steve Irwin passed
on September 4th, which happens to be the day that my mom passed as well as like, Oh,
that's interesting.
They passed on the same day.
But no, I know that's not positive at all.
Moby.
I mean, that's cool.
Oh, that's doubly cool.
There's your answer.
There you go.
I'll take that.
And apparently Ludacris and John Ritter.
Oh, wow.
That's one heck of an action movie right there.
And Harry Connick Jr.
I love it.
I say that.
Yeah.
Oh, hey.
There's some folks.
Well, Loki, I'm glad you're getting you're getting a YouTube finish for your birthday.
That's really exciting.
I am I'm going to be premiering it tomorrow.
It is my season two finale of Channel 64.
Yes, the season three is technically started like two or three weeks ago, but it took a
while.
It is essentially like a mini movie.
It is almost 35 minutes long with credits.
It is the culmination of all of the lore and S&Ps that I've been on since the beginning
of making Minecraft content.
And it is.
There's a lot of like deeply emotional things that are going along with it, I guess, like,
I don't know, like it sounds really like like depressing, but like it's it's basically
it's there's a lot of themes that go along with it.
And especially if you've watched my older content, then you would catch a lot of the
stuff that's in this one.
There's a lot of like kind of ties back to everything.
It's not only celebrating the lore that I've created in like my stuff, but the lore that's
been created in Channel 64 lore that's been created in other S&Ps that get brought up
in this.
It is been the most painful thing I've had to edit because like like put it this way.
So like a normal like Minecraft video that I put together and stuff like has, you know,
it's like it's like say, OK, well, a lot of these more recent ones.
OK, so it seems like, you know, maybe 20 video files, you know, audio wise, there's like
maybe 10 audio clips or something like that.
This one has three hundred forty four.
There's one hundred and eighty.
Last I count, there was one hundred and eighty, one hundred and ninety replay mod shots they
had to create and edit.
But that was probably two thirds of the way through the whole process.
So I don't even know what the new count is, but it's a lot.
So it was a lot of stuff and a lot of special effects things I had to do.
A lot of AI voices, a lot of voice lines by our voice actors as well.
Just a lot of everything.
But it's very it's action packed.
It's got emotional beats in there.
It's just got everything.
Well, that is my pitch.
You absolutely need to use your birthday to guilt people into watching it.
So that's what I said earlier.
I said I'm going to earn those guilt or use those guilt points that like get people to
watch the video.
Do it.
Do it.
It's a great time.
And it really I poured everything into this.
So I hope people enjoy it.
All right.
Well, we will look for that on the socials tomorrow, including the VOG Network Discord,
where I know you'll post that over at VOG Network dot com slash Discord.
Again, that's VOG Network dot com slash Discord.
A great place to chat with us throughout the week.
Speaking of birthdays, it is so tomorrow is your birthday.
But I noticed in chat a reminder that today is Pod Culture's birthday, which is funny
because I actually got to see him at Dragon Con where I was at last week.
So happy birthday, Brad from Pod Culture.
And it was great to see you in person last week.
So I hope you are having the best.
I know you brought back a nasty souvenir from Dragon Con, but I hope you are having the
best birthday possible in light of all that.
And yeah, I hope I hope everything's going great for you.
And Dragon Con quickly.
I will say, you know, I am not going to go too much into depth in Dragon Con because
I've talked a lot about it on this show.
And I want to nudge you over to our YouTube channel over at VOG Network.
Bobby and I not only did a Dragon Con preview show before, but we did a Dragon Con wrap
up show earlier this week.
So if you want to hear all about some of the details and some of our suggestions to make
2024 even better, I'm going to point you in that direction.
But I will just quickly say once again, a big thank you to the video game track as well
as the digital media track for having me back and taking part in some panels.
I got to moderate for the video game track a really cool panel on diversity in video
games.
And the only bummer was that some of our speakers kind of had to back out at the last minute
for whatever reason, you know, whether you know it's sickness or whatever conflict, whatever.
So we only had it was me and two panelists, one who's kind of worked in AAA games, she's
worked on some pretty prominent, you know, like, like Star Wars related things.
And then the other one, she was an indie developer who created, ironically, a game I saw at some
of the Friday gaming Expo.
So I was like, I remember you, I remember your hat and your game and all that stuff.
So but I bring that up because they were great.
And I was really I have to be honest, I was really worried about going into a panel with
just two other people to talk about diversity.
But but oh, they did fantastic.
I was so happy to be a part of that panel.
I thought we had a really good discussion.
So I'm sorry, but not every panel at Dragon Con is streamed, because they kind of want
you to go to Dragon Con.
So that one is not streamed.
So you'll just have to come next year to see a similar panel hopefully.
But the digital media track panels because the content is about digital media, it does
make sense that that is then archived on digital media.
So I will point you over to the YouTube channel for digital media, which is DC Digital Media
on YouTube.
That's DC Digital Media.
And somebody should probably drop the link here in a moment.
We just put up a YouTube of a panel that Bobby and I did with somebody you might know from
TikTok, who does very well there.
I think he just changed his name as of last week to the fit guy.
But we all know him as Kurt and or Vobe Kurt, as I joke, because it's actually VO or voice
over by Kurt, but some people say it Vobe Kurt, and I think it sounds cute.
But that panel is it was thriving on streaming media when you're over 40 years old, which
to be honest, a lot of people go, how is that different from thriving when you're 20 and
30?
Excellent question.
We answered in the panel.
So go check it out over on YouTube.
So a shout out for that panel.
So yes.
Okay, that's my plug for Dragon Con related content.
And thanks again for having me.
And I am already planning for 2024, as is Alan.
Alan, remember, this was Alan's first Dragon Con.
And he saw enough in the con, even though he was a little overwhelmed by, I think, just
all the people and all the things there was to do it can it can absolutely be sensory
overload.
I think sometimes he's like, I see the potential and things I want to do next year.
So he's gonna come back.
That'd be great.
Anyway, let's get into some gaming news.
We missed quite a few things this last week, especially because at the same time Dragon
Cons going on, and the arcade Expo is going on as well as some other conventions around
the country.
And we saw a few headlines that came out from over the long weekend last weekend.
Loki, I don't know if you want to jump into some of these or you want me to take?
Sure.
Okay, cool.
Yeah, I don't know too much about the Final Fantasy 16 stuff because I haven't been paying
attention to it.
But I do remember though, they did make the announcement that they are going to be doing
a PC version that is in development and that there is also going to be some two DLCs that
are going to be added as well.
And then they have an update that they've added to the game.
The PC version I'm excited about because then I actually get to play it because I am not
buying a console for a game.
So sorry.
And people are going to mod the hell out of it.
So that's going to be interesting.
I mean, yeah, like, yeah, that's how it goes.
How many days until a nude Sid and a nude Clive mod?
Less than zero.
The question is though, do we get nude mod before we get CJ mod from San Andreas?
Which one comes first?
That's the better question now.
Like nude mod.
Yeah.
Guaranteed.
CJ mod.
Yep.
Guaranteed.
Which one comes first?
That's a good question.
That's the new meta.
We got to start betting on that stuff.
That's right.
But yeah, so they're going to they added an update which gave you a weapon skin feature
and also the onion sword weapon and new outfits.
And then of course, the two paid DLC.
I don't know if they go into detail what those are going to be about necessarily.
They did not talk about specifics, at least as far as I caught about what they will be
about.
There's a lot of speculation that because Leviathan was missing from the, you know,
the lineup of, you know, icons, I keep wanting to say primals because they aren't 14.
They're just like summons.
It's all summons to me at this point.
And honestly, fair, a fair way to look at it.
But that's the speculation.
But then there's also been talk about that they might set it.
It might actually be set either in the time gap, because there is a fast forward between
the prologue and then what you see later in the game.
And or even before the prologue.
So there's talks about that maybe the DLC will actually be a little more standalone,
which could be interesting.
But yeah, I, I'm okay with there being DLC.
I would rather see a 16-2 eventually that could fix some of the issues that 16 had.
Not just technically, but you know, with lack of representation and things like that would
be a great thing to add into the world.
That's why the PC version, you know, we can fix some of that.
Maybe the DLC will address some of that.
Maybe we'll go to another continent and we'll see a little more diversity.
I don't know.
I think it's really early to say.
But we'll see.
We'll see where it takes us.
I'm glad that in light of the stories, we saw a couple of weeks ago where people were
like final fantasy 16 only sold 3 million copies or whatever it was.
I don't even remember how many copies it was.
Oh God.
Tomb Raider all over again.
Yeah.
And all that stuff.
Like, I'm glad to hear it is doing well enough where they are talking about DLC.
And I mean the PC version, come on.
We all knew it was, we all knew it was coming and it was just some, some dumb arrangement
that was keeping their lips sealed on that.
But we all knew that was coming.
We would never do that.
That's what the, that's what the competition does.
And that's bad.
We fight against that in the, we would never do that.
That's awful.
Yeah.
So, um, it's, it's nice to see that that is all confirmed and all that good stuff.
So.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Uh, yeah.
So I'm excited for, Oh, and the other thing, I know this probably is not on your list,
but I want to say it about final fantasy 16 at PAX.
I was a little jealous.
Usually I am not jealous about the decision to go to dragon con over packs.
I've let my feelings be known on this show.
It is what it is.
However, Ben star went to packs and I was a little jealous about that.
And not only he wasn't the only one, several of the 16 voice actors all went to packs because
they, they did a panel where all this was basically announced.
So it's a little jealous about that.
And I'm hoping maybe dragon con will get the 16 voice actors next year because I I'll tell
you to, I will, I would do just about anything and I mean it to moderate that panel with
Ben star.
I'm just saying just about, but don't get crazy, but just about anything.
All right.
That's all I have to say.
A little bit confused by, by Ben star.
You're a little bit confused.
I actually don't know who that is.
Oh, he's the, he's the voice of Clyde.
The Ben star that, cause the Ben star I know of was on a master chef and it was really
cool.
Uh, no, this is, this is sexy, uh, Clyde voice actor.
Yes.
Who this is.
Yes.
This is the one that Loki said on last, there are two weeks ago show or whatever.
Like, Hey, like even I get it.
I mean, he's an attractive man who has a deep, deep sultry voice.
I mean like, what are you going to do?
What's his, what's his, uh, he has a, he has a Twitter account.
That's where he posts all these things with like, um, you know, pretending to do voices
of Mario and things like that.
He does all these, uh, things and he's just, he's, it's not just his looks.
I mean, but the voice too, it's those things together.
It's, it's very, yes.
That's all I'm going to say.
Anyway.
Next story.
All right.
So they did a Nintendo.
Sorry, sorry.
My, I'm having some lag.
I apologize.
No, you're fine.
No worries.
No worries.
Um, so Nintendo did a super Mario wonder direct and showed off a little bit more of the game
and some of the different gameplay elements to it.
Actually watch this.
I, it feels like ages ago at this point, but, um, they showed off that this is the flower
kingdom that you're in now.
So not necessarily the mushroom kingdom.
They have six distinct worlds that are in this game.
And then what's kind of cool about that is there's, um, some of the different levels
that are in there, you can actually tackle in any order that you want.
Um, a little more disappointing though, is the fact that all of the different characters
that they have available.
So like Luigi, peach, uh, Daisy, toad, um, and toadette all play the same, which I feel
is kind of like, you know, a missed opportunity.
However, they do have, um, as part of that kind of being more open to gamers that may
not necessarily be as good.
Um, they have Yoshi and nabbit that have different effects to them.
Uh, that allows the game to be played in a way that, you know, is much easier, you know,
with of course, like the floaty jumps that Yoshi has.
And I think also just not really being able to, uh, let's see, yeah, Yoshi, let's see.
You can also ride Yoshi.
Someone else is playing them as well.
That's kind of cool.
Uh, they showed a bunch of new powerups, uh, like the elephant fruit and you can, uh, blow
bubbles and whatnot with that.
That's kind of cool.
A very pretty looking game altogether.
And then they also have this weird kind of multiplayer mode where, uh, you actually see
other players running around in the game at the same time and you can even, uh, leave
messages for them or like leave icons or it's almost like little cardboard cutouts that
you leave in the game.
And then if you die, if that bubble hits that thing, then you come back to life or something
like that.
I don't know.
It's interesting.
Um, and then they talked about like kind of the flowers that you can get that kind of
twist everything around and those are in game as well and it looks pretty trippy.
So it's, it's touch fuzzy, get dizzy vibes all over again, but you know, different drugs
this time.
But this is coming out in October on the 20th so it looks pretty sweet.
I will say it.
I am definitely picking it up.
It looks neat.
Yeah.
It's one of those things like how can you not pick it up?
Like it looks really good.
Um, but, um, I, I do see where it's unfortunate that the characters don't have a little more
of their personality like they did even as far back as super Mario brothers too.
But I get maybe for game balancing and what I really think they're going for, you know,
it's, it's Nintendo's bread and butter.
It's multiplayer gaming on the couch with young kids, hence the nabbit and all that
stuff.
Like that's very much what they want to go for with this game.
They want something that you unwrap under the proverbial Christmas tree or whatever
it is you celebrate.
You unwrap it and you go right to playing it with the whole family.
That is very much the game they're going for.
Um, and I think honestly these decisions are going to suit them fine.
The games, the game is going to do very well.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, it's a Mario game.
It is not going to do not well.
Um, and then they're also releasing a special edition switch.
Well, it's not even special edition.
I think it's the red switch that they had a while back with Odyssey.
Um, they're releasing it again now with wonder in there as well.
Um, so neat.
Uh, and then last but not least, uh, volition has been shut down because the embracer group,
you know, as part of their restructuring since they don't have that $2 billion of cash in,
you know, being pumped into their business, they have decided to, um, shut down volition,
which um, yeah, I guess that's sad that volition is shutting down, but I mean, is it the same
volition that made some of the earlier saints row games?
No.
Also, I kind of feel that, you know, being that volition was at a point where they set,
you know, fans were giving them feedback on the game and I get it.
Like fans could be terrible sometimes when it comes to games, but like if everybody's
saying the same thing, like this game looks like it's awful.
I don't like the idea of these main characters just being college kids that are trying to
pay off student loans and then they turn to a life of crime.
That sounds really stupid and not gangsta, um, you know, maybe take that feedback.
It would be like the equivalent of say, for example, the Sonic movie.
If they release ugly Sonic in the trailers, everyone's like, Whoa, Whoa, Whoa.
This seems bad.
They're like, Oh, that's good.
We're, we're going to keep it like this.
It's better this way.
Like and then being surprised what no one went to the box office to see her awful movie.
I am shocked.
And that's kind of what we have here with saints row.
It was just, it was an awful game premise wise and then awfully executed.
It was like the perfect storm of awfulness and not even in a fun way, like a Bethesda
way.
Questbuster in our chat over at Twitch TV slash vog network.
I don't remember if I gave the plug.
We do tape live Sunday nights, of course, at nine Eastern six Pacific over at Twitch
TV slash vog network, right after the Bobby Blackwell show and a Questbuster says, Volition
news is sad, but after agents of mayhem in 2017, there were questions on what was going
to happen with the studio.
And that's like, Loki, that's kind of got the vibe I got from your opinion because at
first I was like, Oh, Loki's going to probably be really sad because this is the studio that
made those earlier saints road games.
But then you were kind of like the same studio anymore.
Yeah, exactly.
They've been going downhill for years.
So you were unfortunate.
It's unfortunate because like, you know, one of the big champions of like kind of the,
the core saints row games was idle Ninja.
And unfortunately when he passed, it was just any hope that we had left for the studio was
just it died with them, unfortunately.
And it's sad because you would hope that there are people that kind of want to bring that
back.
And I get it.
Like they were in a tough position.
Like they had gone way too wacky with Saints Row.
It was just like off the rails crazy at that point.
They could have dialed it back.
I mean, the whole fact that this is a reboot means you can dial it back to that earlier
game.
Just all you had to do was recreate the kind of sandbox environment that you have the original
game.
And it's sort of, you know, mentality is to add a solid story with the earlier games.
And it had that grit on it.
This has no grit on it.
This is basically stupid characters that nobody likes.
And even worse, like when you actually play through the game, and you actually listen
to your character, like you hate them even more like that is poor writing.
It's poor writing, poor execution, poor everything.
And even on top of all that, like after all of that was done, they publish the game, they
still have the gall to put out DLC.
That was about larping like, I'm sorry, larping in a gangster, you know, sandbox game.
What the hell is that?
Like it makes no sense whatsoever.
And they just kept doubling and tripling down on this stuff.
So yeah, they had it coming.
I'm sorry.
But like, if you keep making bad decisions over and over and over again, you're not going
to be operating anymore.
It sure was interesting how Saints Row showed up on PlayStation Plus, like, a day after
this announcement.
You know what I mean?
Plus, wasn't this announcement tied with something like they really tried to sneak this announcement
out there like people would notice.
Like I want to say it came out the same time as like, either it was on it released on steam
to like the game released on steam shortly before the seems wrong to the volition news
about the closure that they time that very strange.
I don't know.
And then I mean, I feel bad for the people that worked for volition.
But at the same time, like, like, I'm sorry, some accountability needs to be had like,
like, yeah, I it feels bad for any developer to close down and the people that are affected
by that.
Like, because there are a lot of people that like that they were just doing what they're
told and like making the best thing they could do it.
But someone in the chain screwed that up big time.
And I think is more than just like a few people.
It was a lot of people that really screwed the pooch on that one.
So I don't know.
Quest Buster pointing out in our chat volition had some great titles in their history, red
faction, the free space, space, Sims and descent.
But as Loki pointed out, most of the people that came with those likely left.
Yeah, exactly.
And red faction, free space and all that stuff, like, if they would put out more of those
games, like I would have loved to see, like, hey, I have an idea.
If you don't know what to do with Saints Row, then don't do anything with it.
Create a new red faction game and do that like you could have taken that.
Well, I mean, it still may have been bad, but you could have at least taken red faction
and like been able to stick with the space stuff and have an action game based off that.
And that would probably have been more successful than this was.
But they just.
I don't know what they were thinking with this, honestly, because like after we saw
the first really is like, oh, and then after we learned more about the characters, like,
oh, no, no, no, no.
They just kept going with that.
They know like, oh, hey, we're listening to you.
We're taking your feedback. It's like, no.
Goes straight up with what we're doing.
All right. Well, I guess it's one of those things where it's it's
it's a shock, but it's not a shock, right?
It's like, oh, my gosh, they really did close the studio.
And then you go, well, you look at what happened in seven years.
It's not that surprising.
Like the caveat with this, though, is volitions gone.
But that doesn't mean the Saints license is dead.
You can give it to another studio and they can start from scratch.
And I want to say that I thought Gearbox was going to be doing something
maybe with it, but like give it to somebody that like Gearbox,
like whether you like Borderlands or, you know, some of that stuff,
they have pretty good writers that understand context
and understand humor and understand all that stuff instead of just like
making fart jokes all the time like that. It's just awful.
It's bad writing.
And I just think that those folks would have a better time
with something like this because they can have fun with it.
They know how to make a solid engine.
They know how to make a solid game.
Like let somebody competent take it.
All right. Well, that about covers some of the big headlines
we missed from our week off, but we still have to get to this week's headlines.
So we'll get to that shortly.
But first, we're going to get into our gaming weeks
and the types of video games that we have been playing this week
or in the last two weeks, I suppose.
So let's kick it off. How was your gaming week?
We'll go to Dark Sakura. How was your gaming week?
It was all right.
What did I play?
I played Cult of the Lamb today to show it off to a friend.
I played, of course, I finished through all of the individual scenarios
for Live Alive.
So I'm actually into like the main part of the end game.
And everything has just frozen on me all of a sudden.
Hello?
I'm here. Sorry, I did notice your avatar is frozen.
Yeah, I don't I don't know what happened.
Just a bunch of stuff decided to freeze on me.
So, but at any rate, I've also we got Godzilla pinball temporarily.
So we did a little momentary trade for that.
Also, we got Galactic Tank Force, which is amazing and cheeseball.
And like the whole readout part of it is like watching a Sega CD game.
It's pretty it's pretty, pretty rad.
That sounds cool. I don't even know what it is.
Yeah, well, you guys are welcome to come over and play.
I'll see about finding some pictures.
Of course, Dead by Daylight and Disney Dreamlight Valley.
The Godzilla table, though, that is more fun than I thought it was going to be.
And I'm not even kidding.
So, yeah, it's cool.
And of course, it ends in the Go Godzilla!
You know, when you're done with your game.
Still playing Weird Al.
And my stupid wordscape game that I'm I'm feeling angry in a certain way about because.
It just it takes money out of me and I don't want it to happen.
That table looks awesome. I like it.
I like I like the whole like vintage sci-fi stuff.
Yeah, it's awesome.
But no, it's it's it's super, it's super good.
Does the table that you guys have, do you have the tank treads on the side?
We do not.
And actually, the thing is, is that it comes with like a big cannon that attaches to the back of the table, you know, in the back glass area.
And when you fold it down, it looks like the tank.
I don't know if that's like my jam or not, but it's it's it's a pretty sweet, pretty sweet setup.
And for the record, I'm relaunching all of my camera stuff.
So but anyway, I I really, really have just been all over both of these tables.
There's so much fun.
And I I played a little bit of.
What was it? It was I don't remember what it was I played it was it was something that I was trying out, but I did buy Baldur's Gate 3.
Because the Mac version is going to officially be out right now.
The version that you can play is is the last build for it, like of the betas before they released it.
So I'm I'm feeling feeling pretty, pretty OK about it.
OK, I think I see what's happening with my camera.
It's. It's just I mean, there's so much stuff for me to play at my house now that I don't even know, like.
What else to play, I have to we've organized the game room now and and I'm really hoping that we can actually get the whole classic game set up back again.
So I'm looking forward to to making the best out of that.
But right now, it's just been my usual and a lot of pinball.
All right. Loki, how about you? I know you've been working on a video, but anything else you gave me?
No, I was editing the entire time, unfortunately.
So I did play Minecraft, but in the sense that I was using it to edit.
Gotcha. So, yeah, it was it was only that, unfortunately.
It's been busy now, I noticed through the social media is that like the the Minecraft championship not rising is happening soon, right?
Because I've seen some of the program this weekend because I've interacted with posts when you were doing it now, like reading replies and stuff that now it pushes all that stuff to my for you page, which I try not to read, but like always defaults to that.
I can't help but see some of it, you know.
So I just I thought the other thought of you, they have a Canon event this weekend on the 16th at noon Pacific.
And then there's a special thing that they're doing in collaboration with Twitch rivals at TwitchCon that they're doing an in-person Minecraft MCC thing, although it's supposed to be different, though.
That's non-canon. I think it's with fewer players, so I'm not sure what they're doing with that, but that'll be interesting, too.
I almost want to go to TwitchCon for that, but I can't because it's too soon.
I will get B-roll for you or Jamie will, because I it's in our both our plans.
So, yeah, maybe that might be something that's five weeks away.
TwitchCon, I can't.
Yeah, that would be something to look forward to maybe next year or something like that.
Yeah, would be cool.
All right, well, my gaming week.
So obviously I was busy with travel to Dragon Con and doing the convention, but, you know, they had a nice arcade there at the convention.
So it was it was cool.
They kind of had two vendors that were merged together into one long arcade.
They had the joystick game bar, which is like classic games.
I'm trying to remember what I played in the classic arcade.
Oh, Mortal Kombat 2.
I remember playing that because I still I still remember Katana's fatality block, block, block, block, block.
High kick is easy, easy fatality.
And I was I was doing that because I'm a one trick pony with those fatalities in that game.
So I was playing a little bit of that.
And the save point was the group that brought the import games.
They actually had a working Technica machine, which I hadn't seen in a while, so I could actually play Flee, which is my favorite song in Technica.
And they they they also had a space Harrier machine.
So I thought of Jamie again.
I didn't take a picture this time because somebody was playing it when I walked by it.
But yeah, I saw that.
Wait, YYR?
That was literally your machine I was playing?
That is funny or used to be.
I guess that's funny.
Oh, wow.
What a small world.
OK, well, thanks YYR.
So your your arcade machine got to Dragon Con before you did.
I want you to think about that for a minute.
I'm just I'm just messing.
But that's cool that I played that.
But yeah, they had a lot of other like dance games.
Obviously, the dance games were super popular and people were lining up for them.
And, you know, I've played plenty of dance games in my time.
I finally ponied up the money to get the Nintendo expansion pack for Nintendo Switch online because I finally just wanted to play some of the Game Boy Advance games.
And I played a lot of Mario Advance and Mario Advance 2, which is actually Super Mario 2 is the original Advance and the Super Mario World is Advance 2.
And I was playing a little bit of that.
So that was a lot of fun.
I played on that.
And then when I got back, boy oh boy, there's just been games coming out left and right.
So like Dark Sakura, I have picked up Baldur's Gate 3.
I haven't played it yet, though, but that's coming this next week.
You all know the individual in my life that can talk me into buying a game so that we can play it together.
He's very good at convincing people to do things.
So please look forward to that.
And also, in addition to that, I picked up Starfield since that is, you know, of course, on Game Pass.
I think many of you were doing what I was doing this week and checking out Starfield, my Game Pass subscription.
It was weird.
I wasn't sure how I felt about Starfield at first.
I was a little bit, you know, especially coming from something like No Man's Sky, which is like relatively simple exploration and very chill.
Like there's a lot more stuff and micromanagy types of things.
It's a Bethesda game, right?
It's a Bethesda game.
And you have to think about how much you're carrying.
When you're setting up the bases, do you have the material the right way to do this and farming stuff?
And what really bothered me was the space flight.
I did not care for the space flight and how much was going into that as opposed to No Man's Sky.
Now, granted, the game will let you kind of skip a lot of space flight after the tutorial because you can just fast travel to different places.
So that is nice.
They do put some quality of life things in there.
So like I said, I wasn't quite sure I was feeling the game at first, but I really sat down with it.
And there was some point where, and again, I'm trying to keep it light on spoilers, but you get a companion pretty early on in the game.
And she wants to go do this certain mission.
And you're in our solar system that we know today.
They call it in the game Sol, S-O-L.
But it's the solar system we know today, except something has happened to Earth.
It looks like a big desert now, which probably is just a commentary on climate change and all of that because that's probably more likely than you think.
But nobody lives on it anymore.
But you get to go to the moon and your companion actually says, if you want to go land on the moon and just play around a little bit,
which is funny because other people I talked to, I guess, didn't get this dialogue option.
But because I went diplomat, I think I get maybe some expanded options and maybe I'm not picking the same things in the dialogue tree that some of you are doing.
So she said, yeah, if you want to go down to the moon, we could do it.
It didn't pop it up, but it's just a suggestion she made. It didn't pop a new quest or anything.
So I went down to the moon. I landed in a very random spot.
And then I was just, oh, there's Bobby, there was no, Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, I have no moon landing spots.
Neither did I. I just picked one.
I just said, we're going to land here and did it.
And I went to a very random moon base that was probably procedurally generated.
I picked up a quest from some humans that wanted me to go blast some pirates nearby to heaven.
And I went and explored this base for like 90 minutes because I couldn't, I didn't, I thought this room had a window over it.
And it turns out it wasn't. You could actually jump through the window.
And so I ran around in circles for like 30 minutes trying to figure this out.
But once I figured it out, I was like, okay, that actually did feel very rewarding.
And that was kind of neat.
So I feel like the game is growing on me more, but I just, I get like the overwhelming analysis paralysis that comes with a lot of Bethesda games.
When it's like, there's a table over here and there's crafting you can do here.
And there's all these things you can pick up here, but don't pick up too much because you'll be weighted down and lose oxygen faster.
But I guess there's, there's plenty of places you can transfer inventory to like your companion or the ship, but it's, it's a lot.
But overall, like it's growing on me and my impressions of Starfield are favorable, but it just took me a minute to get there.
So that's kind of where I'm at with that game.
One other game I want to talk about, which again, just a random thing that came out in the last couple of weeks that I think for a lot of you is probably going to be blink and you miss it.
And I'm going to mention this game and you're going to say, oh yeah, that did come out.
Watch your, watch your, watch your reaction. Here we go.
So I also checked out this week, the digital eclipse.
I think they call it gold series look back of the making of Karateka, which the making of Karateka is all about the 1980s Apple II game Karateka, which was ported to the Commodore 64.
So they, you know, it's, it's very well known for that too.
And it was ported to the Atari, one of the early Ataris as well.
And they actually ported it to some other things too.
The game does get into this.
So it's set up similarly to Atari 50 and that they have all these old letters you can read and they have documentary style videos that are spliced in that you can watch.
And they do some really cool things because the whole thing with Karateka and why it was important.
Well, funny enough, fifth dream in chat says, does that tell how it's actually pronounced now?
LOL. Yes and no.
So there actually is a video that directly addresses this.
And the creator of the game, Jordan, comes up and says, I call it Karateka.
That's what I always called it.
He says, but apparently everybody else called it Karateka.
And he says, and actually, if you go to Japan, there is no emphasis on any syllable.
And most people in Japan called it Karateka, something like that is all like what they would say there.
So he says at the end of the day, well, he says, at the end of the day, I really don't care which one you use.
They're all correct to me. Thank you for playing the game.
That's basically what he says.
So he, which is what I wish the gift guy would have done quite honestly, but it is what it is.
So he has said he accepts all pronunciations of the game and that is the official answer.
So I just say Karateka because that's just, but it's funny because they interview professionals and other developers and things.
And there is somebody in the video who says, well, I just always thought it was karate and then kah.
So I always say Karateka and I was like that.
That's it. Same brain.
That's where my brain always went when I was younger.
So, yeah.
So that was that was it was neat that it answered questions like that.
But some other neat modes is that like the whole reason why it was infamous in gaming was that it was really a step forward for cinematic games.
And the way this is all laid out and the story that it tells in the game really lays that out.
And it's because Jordan used a and I'm not remember his last name in the minute.
Belkner? I might be getting that wrong. I'm very sorry.
He's also the same guy that made Prince of Persia.
Meckner. Thank you. Jordan Meckner made the game and he used a trick that old Disney animators used in Snow White called rotoscoping.
So he actually shot his dad filming different karate things.
He had a karate teacher do some stuff, but they didn't have that actual Super 8 film footage, but they had his dad climbing up onto the hood of the car.
And they showed how that actually became the protagonist climbing up the cliff in the first scene of the game.
And they used rotoscoping, which is basically putting traceable paper over the Super 8 footage one frame at a time to basically make the sprites and clean that up.
And that's why that game was so fluid.
But they also talk about other ways that that game became more cinematic and it talks about how Choplifter was very inspiring and making the more cinematic.
It really tells the story about how he did these earlier games. He was trying to sell a game called Death Bounce, which was essentially, long story short, an asteroid clone.
Copy copy, like just refined, refined, refined to its whole new thing that he just really wasn't able to sell to Broderbund.
And he just kind of had an awakening when he played Choplifter. He said, Why am I trying to make an arcade game?
Video games now because they are on computers and you own them, they can be cinematic experiences.
And so he decided he was going to make a cinematic game. And that's where Karateka came from.
And how he ended up making that game.
And then at the very end, it kind of teases that like, Prince of Persia was the next game, but that's another story.
Wink wink nudge, like the series might explore that as well in the future.
Yeah, Bobby points out he wanted a game that ended with the end and not game over.
But anyway, the making of Karateka does a very good job because you can play like they talk about all of these prototypes.
And if you want to play the very original prototype that Jordan Meckner sent to Broderbund, you can play that prototype.
If you want to play his asteroid clone that he made, you can play that. If you want to play Death Bounce, you can play that.
And then they actually did reimagined. So digital clips made reimagined versions of Death Bounce and Karateka.
And they're both very good for reimagined games. I know digital clips has been in the game for a while.
But whoever worked on those reimagines, especially the Death Bounce reimagining, because that game never was released technically.
Because they just didn't see a releasable, well, they saw a releasable game in it, but they wanted to make all these changes that Jordan didn't really want to do.
So you can go in and play that. And I thought the remastered Death Bounce was really cool.
And yeah, Bobby points out, you can actually watch somebody else play the game and jump in at any point.
There's apparently 14 different games in there. But it's when I say different games, it's like 10 of them are Karateka and two of them are Death Bounce and two of them are the asteroid clones.
So it's really just a handful. But you can play the Commodore 64 clone.
And they actually have the developer of the 64 version of Karateka named I think Veda Cook is her name, which she's trans.
And so she's not credited appropriately in the old version of the game.
So I was surprised that they did not go back and fix that in the Commodore 64 version of the game.
But perhaps they couldn't at this point. I don't know what happened to the source code. It could be lost to time or something of that.
But I thought it was very cool because she explains her relationship with Jordan, and how she was basically handpicked to do the Commodore 64 port and the Atari port, which I thought it was just a really good story.
So there's lots of really good stories. The way it was all laid out like a museum, I really enjoyed as well. It was really like an interactive museum.
So anyway, I know I'm talking a lot about this game. And you know, Bobby and I've talked about maybe doing a deeper dive video for the network later on.
So I should save some thoughts for that. But I will just say I was I was very impressed by this. And for 20 bucks. It's not a bad deal. I'm gonna be honest.
I don't I did play Karateka on the Commodore 64. I didn't like it as a kid. I thought it was too hard. I thought it was too difficult. I didn't know what the hell I was doing.
And I thought it was too difficult. They never got very far. But going through this experience gave me an appreciation of like, Oh, okay, I see why like this is important. I see how this got to this and gaming.
And the fact that you know, the museum element, the documentary stuff kind of told its own story, I thought was really well done.
Now I do have some places I would give constructive feedback. But I'll save that for another time because I've talked about this long enough. But I think there's there's some parts that were glossed over a little bit for me.
And I'm just wondering if it was a rights issue or what, because, okay, I'll quickly say he made another game that they mentioned and they show a couple screenshots of but I really felt like that game seemed like a bridge on how he was able to design the cinematic stuff that he made.
And they don't really ever get into much detail about that. I thought that was a little weird. But maybe it's a rights issue. Maybe you know, because it belonged to another company. I don't know. But I just overall I mean, the issues I have with it are pretty nitpicky.
And for a first release in a goldmaster series. I'm really curious what other games they've got lined up, because they call it number one. It's even on the logo of the game goldmaster number one. So you know, they've got a queue of other games they're going to do.
Now, I can theorize a guess what some of the other games could be Prince of Persia is an obvious one. However, I thought it was interesting. They interview john Tobias from Mortal Kombat. I'm not sure why they're interviewing I mean, maybe because he also made a martial arts game. But what if you were interviewing him for something else? And you just decided to ask a few questions about karateka as well.
By the way, I if they do if they I don't know, again, right. So just if they were to do one for the original Mortal Kombat, because you know, all that motion cap stuff is out there. We were talking about this with Dragon Con last year, one of the panels that Bobby got to do. There was some behind the scenes footage of them doing the mocap that they actually showed that had like never been seen before. And you know, when I kind of put that together with what I was watching in the karateka thing, I was like, Oh, fuck, I hope that I hope Mortal Kombat one is like their next museum thing.
Because that would be incredible. Again, I don't know how rights issues would play into that. So it is a pie in the sky thought that would be amazing. I also noticed they had somebody from ID software, also seemingly randomly interviewed, who happened to be showing off a five and a quarter floppy with return or return to Castle Wolfenstein on it. And I was like, hmm.
That would be cool Castle Wolfenstein 3d could be a very interesting one. So anyway, all my all my thought is, is like, I hope there are more. So I do do check this out. If this sounds appealing to you, and show digital clips and the folks that are involved that we are wanting more of these because I thought it was well done. And I'm really excited for the potential of some of these other things. Again, I am completely making educated guesses based on what I'm doing.
These seem to be random people being grabbed for an interview, but maybe it's not that random. But we'll see. We'll see. Fifth Dream in chat says just do every game for real. No, but really, though, like, there's probably a lot of other deep cuts, I would have never thought of to do this, you know, I would have never thought I needed a look back at karateka. Just like I said, when I was a kid, I didn't know better. I didn't have the appreciation for games that I do now. I didn't care for it. And so I haven't thought about it
since. But thanks to this experience, I've kind of gone, oh, wow. Like I this is okay. I get why this game was important. I get the impact that it had on other people. And I get the story about this. And I mean, I think that says it all right there on why they wanted to do this in the first place. So alright, that's plenty for me. I've talked a lot about that game. So but I had a feeling a lot of you would be like, oh, yeah, that came out. Just reminding you because don't don't miss it. We want to see more in this
series. I think we really do. It is out on switch PC and PlayStation. I'm not sure about Xbox question marks, somebody would have to fact check that and verify. I picked it up on PS five personally. Because I was just like, I like my PS five. And I thought trophies might be fun. And I unlocked like two trophies. So sadly, no trophy for getting 100% on the museum. I thought for sure that would be a thing, but that's all right. Okay, let's move on and get into some of the
other gaming news from this week. Loki, we will go over to you. Oh, thank you. Why? Why are who says yes, it's on Xbox. Thank you. Okay, yeah, Loki.
Yeah, so let's talk about PlayStation Plus, since you know, Saints Row just recently was added to that as well. It's getting more expensive, because you know, that's what happens nowadays, everything just gets more expensive, for no discernible reason whatsoever. But they're going to be breaking down, or they're going to be raising the prices across the board for each of the different tiers, and some even more expensive than $20. So right now, we're going to be talking about PlayStation Plus, and we're going to be talking about PlayStation Plus, and we're going to be talking about PlayStation Plus, and we're going to be talking about PlayStation Plus, and we're going to be talking about PlayStation Plus, and we're going to be talking about PlayStation Plus, and we're going to be talking about PlayStation Plus, and we're going to be talking about PlayStation Plus, and we're going to be talking about PlayStation Plus, and we're going to be talking about PlayStation Plus, and we're going to be talking about PlayStation Plus, and we're going to be talking about
PlayStation Plus, and we're going
to be talking
about PlayStation Plus.
So
if
you
have
a
game pass ultimate, like that's $17 a month US, that ends up being $204 a year. That's a lot. I mean,
when you break it down like that, that is quite a bit, that's more than what Sony's service is, but
like, I don't know, it just doesn't seem that bad to me, and maybe if you like break it down,
$70 game right now, I only have to do that three times through the year to technically get the
value out of it, right? That's true. Yeah, that's what it is. I think so. And I mean, from what I
understand with Sony service is they're not putting their first party games on there right
away. They're not day and date with launches, if I'm correct, because they want you to buy those
because they feel that their games are worth the money, and they want you to pay the money,
even though you pay for their service, but they want you to buy it upfront. And then later on,
if they're gracious enough, they'll give it to you for free. And to be fair, I would say Sony
is probably worth the money, but so are the things that Microsoft is putting out, you know? Exactly.
So yeah. Shane is in our chat. Chad Leland says, I actually canceled my renewal because their
justification of the increase is pathetic and vastly overstated the quality of their offerings.
No more online games or extra games. I'm tired of arrogant Sony this generation. That last sentence
says a lot. And I think I agree with it a lot is that is I'm also tired of arrogant Sony this
generation. And I don't like to root for people getting L's in the gaming industry because I know
a lot of people get affected by that. I don't like to say such sweeping things. It's like,
everybody there ought to be fired. That's not how we really feel. And I know that like you
were saying earlier during the Volition story, people that didn't make the decisions on where
to go with the story were impacted by the game. And that's too bad. But there comes a point where
I'm like, you know what? When the PSVR2 flops, I'm not going to be sad for Sony. Well, the way I see
it like this is desperation breeds innovation. Because if they're put in last place, like they
were with like PlayStation 3, they tried harder when PlayStation 4 came out. That's when we got
LittleBigPlanet and like some really rad games, right? So like, yeah, I think Sony should feel
the heat a little bit. And it's I'm not sure they learned from what happened with the PS3.
Because this is this carries a very similar weight to the phrase 599 US dollars.
It doesn't make it because like, they're consoles expensive. They're like, like,
just even the proposition of PlayStation VR right now, like, I've completely just given up any sort
of hope to actually play you know, that my wonderful spiritual successor to Until Dawn
Rush of Blood, because I'm not buying the system and the VR for like, was it gonna be
close to $1,000 at that point, like, oh, thanks, I'm good, you know. And I just will skip Sony this
generation. And honestly, like, considering how much I play my Xbox, which is not at all,
it's in a box. I'll just skip consoles this next generation too, because PCs the way they go,
like, I get the best of everything, I get all of the games, none of this BS about paying for
multiplayer online. And like, if they start pulling this, I'm like, okay, well, I'll just
play thousands of other games that are available all through all these marketplaces, because
competition and competition pushes those prices down, you have a walled garden, you got to pay
whatever they're telling them to pay. Bobby's needling you in chat say you only play Minecraft
anyway. That is true. And to be fair, you are absolutely correct. I am hyper focused on
Minecraft. But I but that is to say, you know, in because I have a horrible habit of doing this,
I still buy a lot of games, I just don't believe them. But I buy lots of games on PC. Yeah,
then I'll play eventually, you know, when I retire, I'll be dead before that happens. But
you know, like, it'll be just, you know, don't be there so that somebody can play them someday.
Or I will just collect them like you would like, I don't know, bobbleheads or something.
Shane and chat says, Remember when everyone was crapping on Nintendo for their service and price?
It honestly feels like the best value to me right now for the price the NSO plus expansion?
Yes, I do remember that because I was one of the people crapping on it. But I will say I thought
you'll notice two years later, I finally did sign up this week because I was like, you know what?
Yeah, they've added a lot to NSO. And you know, on N64 in advance, and even just you know, I was
like, Oh, I could get those Mario Kart tracks and stuff for free. You know what? Fuck it. I'm gonna
finally sign up for that. So it took me a little while to get there. But like, yeah, like, honestly,
and then the other thing I just want to say with PS VR two real quick is that you know, and I've
said this before, but I'll say it again. It's very sad that Sony is not learning this lesson because
I really feel like the PS VR two is destined for the similar fate. The PlayStation Vita,
the PlayStation TV, it's a terrific piece of hardware, horribly supported by Sony.
And I don't I don't understand why they need to like, honestly, like, I think the best course
of action for Sony and something like that. And it's like, I get it, you got to push those
graphics and everything. But you got to develop something like the meta quests, like, honestly,
because that is as much as I hate meta, like, that piece of hardware is like my kids play that
all the time, like all the time. And they love it's just so easy to use. And it's it's decent
enough to run games in, you know, pretty decent games. So all they need to do is just something
like that that's not attached to a $500 console. And I get it like, you know, it pushes the
graphics and stuff, but is it really worth it to like be that high end on that? Because like,
you're really narrowing the market. Like if you expand it, make it more broad, you can have that
thing take off like, you know, imagine Sony titles on like, you know, a quest type of product
where it's easy, you know, it's like a couple 100 bucks to get in and then you're playing the Sony
catalog stuff like that's what they need to do not wall it off with $1,000 worth of how well is
that going to work for for Apple with their thing like that's an amazing piece of hardware. But it's
just like no one's gonna buy it because it's so expensive. And that's the thing. It's we're
waiting for all these prices to come down. It's just, I don't know, I think they need to do
something that's its own thing. I want to get a couple other comments out here. And then I'll
move on to the next story for time. But crystal skies in our chat. Hello. Hello says they need
to make it backwards compatible, you know. And that was a problem is that they did make a
hardware design choice to it. They can't make it backwards compatible because the VR works in a
completely different way. And that's why you're seeing things like no man's sky, Tetris effect
and things getting like re released for PS VR, too, because they really are new releases,
because they have to adapt to the new way that PlayStation VR to handles VR versus the first
that was a choice they made. And you know, I, I get why they did it, because that's where the
tech is going. And it does allow them, you know, probably a better VR experience at the end of the
day. But yeah, it does suck. Like it's just like that. And that's the way a lot of people see it
is that comment right there. So yes,
yeah, it's the problem is what it's always been is some of these consoles that they put out,
you know, and I'm considering this like a console almost for Sony is they don't have the must have
system seller game on it. I'm sorry, the horizon game. That wasn't it. Like that was just not
experience, though. I did get to mess around that it's Yeah, and Bobby and Chad says the tech and
PS VR two is pretty good. It really is. Like if they just would put the first party games behind
it to really sell it, like give it a half life Alex or something, you know,
like a God of War game, like where your cradles and you're throwing the axe and stuff like that,
like that could be really sweet. Give it a Spider Man game like is swinging around on a web and
stuff like that. It sounds motion see your I get it. I get it. But like, some people might like
that. Like you could do something like that. It would be really cool and just but it's unfortunately
it's gonna go the way like a lot of these Sony products do is where they just kind of forget
about it and it goes off and then we're like, you know, several summer game fests down the road and
we're like, Hey, where's all those PlayStation VR two titles and then the next thing you know,
oh, yeah, we stopped supporting it. What Vita you know, one more comment in chat here. Shane says
PS VR two already feels dead. They never talk about it. I don't even know about things coming
out for it because they don't talk about it. I can't follow every developer making games for it.
So the games just go unnoticed since Sony ignores it. Ouch, but true. All right, let's move on. Our
next story is about kind of an update. Excuse me to something we talked about two weeks ago on the
show. And that is the fact that as we know, Charles Martinet will no longer be voicing Mario. There is
a new voice actor in Mario wonder they are still not saying who that is. I guess we just get to
find out when the credits roll in the game. What if it's the Final Fantasy 16 guy?
Oh, it's not it's not. And like I said, I, I understand why they kind of are keeping it under
wraps because that person is going to get bullied, unfortunately, and it sucks and they shouldn't I
want to make it very clear that type of behavior online is fucked up. But unfortunately, they don't
get but if they're not, they will you you hang out on Twitter, they're absolutely going to get
bullied because they're not Charles Martinet. They're gonna because the environment created on
Twitter by the person that runs Twitter only lends itself to hyper focusing that environment.
They have to be on Twitter. I hopefully they're not just not making an account there that that
would be the smart move. Yes. I agree with that. I mean, more and more and more people even,
you know, verified people are leaving the platform anyway. So I, I don't know. Um,
I honestly think that there'll be those of us who are like, I'd say the true fan. But those who will
be like, welcome to the family. Yeah, you know, I am I would rather focus on, you know, I think that
if the people who are like welcoming speak louder than the people who are haters, and that's going
to make all the difference. That's a very good point is that, you know, we can, you know, send
some love to counteract all of that negativity that we know is coming. The part I want to say
with that, though, is that I don't think it's a good decision on Nintendo's part to make people
wait until the credits because that information will get leaked as soon as those press coffees
are out there coffees copies are out there, it doesn't matter what embargo you put on it,
that name will leak out. So Nintendo, my question to you is, do you want to control the narrative?
Or do you want Twitter to control the narrative? Because right now, out of Doug Bowser's mouth,
I'm hearing I want Twitter to control the narrative. I think that's a poor decision.
So I do hope Nintendo will allow this new voice actor to be properly introduced before the game
comes out. But that's my thought. But anyway, a nice video that they did do was that they
actually did a video with Charles Martinet and Miyamoto. There wasn't really new information
in it. They were just kind of, you know, talking about Charles Martinet's new roles, the ambassador,
and you kind of got to hear it out of his mouth where Charles Martinet was like,
hey, I'm really happy to be doing this role. It's been an honor to be voicing Mario for years,
but I'm so excited to come to conventions and meet all of you. It was a very nice thing. It
was the kind of thing where I'm kind of surprised they didn't release that with the news two weeks
ago. But okay, it is what it is. And it's coming out now. Plus, I think I think it was very nice
of Charles Martinet to be a good sport. Because technically, he wasn't required to be but I get
that he wants to continue this good relationship with Nintendo. And he, you know, to be fair to
Nintendo, they were treating him better than unfortunately, a lot of voice actors get treated
in this industry. Like I was literally just looking at Jennifer Hale's Twitter the other day,
and she just casually said, Oh, yeah, I got replaced on this cartoon I was on because they
didn't want to pay union rates anymore. She's like, and that's, you know, that's how I found
out when the new season got announced with the with the new voice actors, you know, and so a lot
of voice actors are not treated very kindly in this industry. So I will give credit to Nintendo
that like they they made a decision. They're sticking to it. They're handling it with grace
best they can. So I will give them all of that. But like I said two weeks ago, if you really want
to show Charles Martinet how much you love him, pay him for a monograph when he comes to your
town. Pay him for an autograph and a selfie when it comes to your town. That is the best way to
express your love. So there you go. Ah, yeah, thank you. Totally spies. Thank you, Rama.
Appreciate that. Anyway, let's move on. We have some more news. Dark Sakura.
There we go. Now my unmute button is working. So I heard you. So this is a I mean, honestly,
I'm not surprised by it because it's Nintendo. But they have said that there are no plans
for any DLC for Tears of the Kingdom. I mean, they hardly had DLC for Breath of the Wild. So
I wasn't expecting anything. I always expect Nintendo to bring out, you know, if they're doing
a game. They're going to do a whole game. Breath of the Wild had DLC. Breath of the Wild had DLC.
I said it had it barely had deals. Oh, you're right. Yeah, barely.
I also just found a string piece of string cheese that's been on my desk since last night. Oops.
Here's some deals right there. It's an unopened string cheese. But anyway, back to this.
Basically, and this is the quote from Al Numa. There are no plans to release additional content
this time because I feel like I've done everything I can to create games in that world.
In the first place, the reason why we chose this time as a sequel to the previous game is because
we thought there would be value experience and new kind of play in that place in Hyrule.
Then, if such a reason is newly born, it may return to the same world again. This is translation
clearly. Whether it's a sequel or a new work, I think it will be a completely new way to play. So
I'd be happy if you could look forward to it. Translation is we don't want to provide you with
more items to build things out of because you've already made so many pornographic things already.
No, I just think that when Nintendo puts out a game, a first party game,
they tend to put out a fairly complete project that fulfills the goal they set out as far as
storytelling and experience. I don't know, I've never expected DLC with first party Nintendo
games. When the stuff came out for Breath of the Wild, I was pretty surprised, honestly.
It's not something like Splatoon that would be something that's a continuous, ongoing,
non-singular story. This is its own entity. Honestly,
I have no problem with this. Y'all ain't entitled to extra shit, y'all.
I actually would love to see DLC on older games, like the original Zelda,
let's give me a third and fourth quest, or new characters to play as.
You know the fan community is already taking care of that with the randomizers.
I get that. I get that. But it would still be cool. They do the save, save things,
which is fine. But it would be really cool to just, okay, let's do these things that we can
push. We couldn't have done on the Nintendo because we didn't have the memory space,
but now we can push it. DLC for Animal Crossing for GameCube.
Super Mario 35 is what I'm hearing. That technically is the old game with the new
twist, right? Which I don't know why it was limited time. And you know there's rumors,
rumors that F F zero is going to get a 99 game.
But I definitely agree with what Jamie said about like, Nintendo games are,
it's an accurate statement, Nintendo games are pretty fully featured. And we don't,
we think of Nintendo as a company that releases relatively bug free, like I shouldn't say 100%
bug free, relatively, yeah, relatively, compared to some of their peers. They do very good with
that and always doing like a fully featured type of product.
If something's going to have that Nintendo seal of approval on it, it's going to have earned it.
But that that is true. And I would say it's also true that when they do decide to do DLC,
it's also a pretty rich and excited like, you know, like, you know, the Breath of the Wild.
So I can see where maybe there's that disappointment of like, ah, Nintendo set the
bar so high with DLC, it's a bummer, they're not going to go through it with this. But it's not
like it's going to hurt the game in the long run, because the game itself is fully one of these
days, I'll get around to playing it is fully featured. And you know, you're not going to be
disappointed. And it's because they're working on a switch to anyway, like at this point, like,
you're not going to do it because the switch to would be out by the time this DLC would
hypothetical DLC would come out anyway. So they're just
releasing a Breath of the Wild.
No, that's true. Well, Breath of the Wild ended up being a dual release. So yeah,
they could they could, you know, date, they may say that, yeah, we're not releasing DLC.
There could be a special edition that comes out that has more content in it. That's technically
not DLC and technically is the best type of being right. 100 clip that we're going to be watching
this in six months when that's true. That is it. That's why there's no DLC.
Hmm. Maybe.
Maybe. All right. Well, since we brought up switch to why don't we go to our next big rumor?
Well, okay.
Well, I'm sorry. Was there more?
Well, I know I had another another thought about it, too, is just that
Sorry, it's harder for me to see the avatar raising a hand than a real person. So
it's okay. It's just that I forgot what I was gonna say. So nevermind.
Okay.
I got totally distracted off of my thought.
Okay. So there's rumors that last month during Gamescom that developers were shown a switch
to behind closed doors. Basically, allegedly, yes, your gamer had said that partners were shown tech
demos of how well the system is designed to run. And is there is one such demo was a souped up
version of Zelda Breath of the Wild. Ironic, ironic that they would be doing that. Lots of
rumors regarding specs and stuff that I've seen too. But I don't want to speculate in specs,
ray tracing and DLSS and all that stuff like that. We'll see what they come out with
when they announce it, which will happen eventually, after the holiday.
Yeah, I mean, they're not gonna cannibalize holiday sales. No way I have anything about
this. No, it's not holiday for sure. I mean, it next year, maybe. Next holiday, possibly.
But yeah, I mean, we'll see. We'll see. Dr. CSA, supposedly, it ran the UE five matrix demo. Well,
that the rumor, you know, I know, you don't want to get into specs. I understand why it's all
rumor anyway. But the rumors are saying it's PlayStation five level quality, but able to do
what the switch does, which would be pretty impressive, if true. That would be cool. Yeah,
I don't believe it. But that would be cool. Yeah, I take this as a very big grain of salt. I mean,
what I don't take with a grain of salt, a switch to is coming. Absolutely. The grain of salt part
is I think Nintendo is probably still trying to finalize those specs. And I think maybe I would
believe that they showed it to trusted partners at Gamescom to get feedback on some of that.
What would it take? What what kind of power do you need to bring us this game on the console?
What do you need to do this sort of thing? I think the specs are still being negotiated. And they
might have shown the higher end of things. But I don't think that necessarily means it's the final
product. So yeah, there's a lot a lot of that stuff still to be figured out. Okay, another
thing that kind of dates back to Gamescom a little bit, but this was this Pikmin Finder AR
game that came out. It's not Pikmin Bloom. And it's not Pokemon Go. But it's another Nintendo
and Niantic partnership. It's Pikmin Finder. It's an AR game that lets you scan the environment for
Pikmin and treasures. There's a little link, it's pikmin-finder.nintendo.net. And you go on it on
your mobile device, you do a little QR code. And that's that's how you get it all started.
Essentially, honestly, I haven't really played around with this because it's just a way to just
scan the environment that they're trying to like scan people into like doing more 3D scans of
locations and stuff like that. No, but Niantic also already has a game like this called Peridot
that they put out. And I played Peridot for about a week. And because there's there's no game there.
It's one of those things that's like, oh, that's interesting for about three days. And then you're
like, okay, I've seen it all done. And the the monetization in that game is horrific. Horrific.
So I I'm, you know, you all know, I used to bang the drum on Niantic games here. I just want to
point out I'm uninstalling some of their games left and right. I my, my subscription in Ingress
lapsed yesterday. For those of you that didn't think I meant it when I said that a few weeks ago,
I no longer have a subscription Ingress core or whatever, whatever the the thing is, it's gone.
So but I am for because I recognize that I like to gamify my fitness. I do still play Pokemon Go
and I play Pikmin Bloom. I haven't given any of those games a red cent since the incident
happened where I reported a cheater and nothing was done about it. And I'm over it. I'm not I'm
not supporting this system that is weekly and that does not have enforcement behind it. So anyway,
and as far as this demo goes, I mean, I'm sure it's cute, but it's probably cute for five minutes.
And I've already seen that Niantic has been pushing this technology for quite some time now
between Peridot and some of these other things. It's time to show how you can actually make a fun
game out of it. Because Peridot isn't it. So show us. I'm going to just be very blunt. Show us the
fucking point. You know, like, like, I don't know, the not a Nintendo game, I would still love them
to see see something like elements member elements. That was a fun game from Konami.
Like, they should do something like that. Like, that'd be cool. Maybe I guess that's
almost like Pikmin, you know, finding stuff hidden in your environment. But
yeah, I don't know. Niantic is kind of out of ideas, I guess they like the license and make
shells of like games. They have some gameplay to them. But you know, it's basically monetization
machines. I and I've said this before, and I'm going to be very careful not to repeat myself. But
the problem is, is that they are married to their mission statement more than they're married to
their player base. That's a problem. The reason why that's happening is because the individual
running the company is he is a smart guy. He's a brilliant mind. This is the guy behind Google
Maps. He's done a lot of very smart things. You know what he hasn't done run a game company.
And that's the other problem. So what are you? Are you a game company? Or are you a get out and
explore the world company? Because it's starting to show that being both of those things is very,
very difficult. So get the help you need, or admit that you're not a game company because you're not
running it like one. Anyway, let's move on to our next story. Dark Sakura.
So there's finally a specific home port of a game, but not quite how you think it's going to be.
So Daytona USA two is finally coming home, but it's because it's built in to like a dragon guy
the man who erased his name. So I mean, the other game had some old Sega titles in it. So this one
is Daytona USA two, but it's going to be under the non-licensed name Sega Racing Classic two.
And then also in the game is going to be Fighting Vipers two and some Master System ports of Flicky
and Galaxy Force. The game will be out on November 9th this year. But I mean,
I would just like them to go. I just want more Sega ages and bring something like that back out.
Like legit, the Yakuza Sega arcade stuff is really cool. Like I would love like a Sega arcade that
has like all of what they've done throughout that series, like in one package. And I think
they could sell that and it would work. Yeah. It's so weird that like a modern AAA game nowadays can
put, you know, older games that they publish into the game and not charge people extra for that
Nintendo. Sega does what Nintendo don't. Oh, come back. Yep.
I love it. So, so I think the real question and I bet Bobby would want to know the answer
to this Dark Sakura. Could this with this getting the home port, everything is, is this how you
might play Yakuza? Um, did I ever say I wasn't gonna play it? Oh, okay. Just I mean, I have,
I have a I'm on a Mac. There's no way for me to play it. Oh, yeah. Because I, I feel like
like a dragon was I could be wrong was on state but it's cloud gaming is probably the way to do
it. No, it came out after stadia shut down. And I mean, it might be on GeForce now. I mean,
I don't know. But um, I never said I was never gonna play it. It's Halo I won't play.
To screw Halo. All right, uh, next story Loki. So apparently the announcement is that
Neetara is back and being up at being played by Megan Fox. So she's not only going to be doing
the voice for the character, but also doing the mocap for it as well, which is pretty cool.
And you know, she of course, in the reveal trailer said, you know, she comes from this weird realm.
She's the type of vampire creature. She's evil, but she's also good. She's trying to save her
people. I really like her. She's a vampire, which obviously resonates for whatever reason. Is it
because you're a vampire Megan Fox? Are you a vampire? She also said that I'm not really
voicing it. She's kind of me. So that's kind of funny. Because she's a vampire. She is a vampire
confirmed Megan Fox vampire. Wow. Megan Fox is so goth you all she's so goth. No, I think it's
cool. It's whatever. I like to watch the trailer for we're actually playing it on b roll right
now. So yeah, I mean, no, I mean, I mean, but like, hear her voice. Yeah, no, I'm poking,
I'm poking fun at it. But like, I do think it's cool. Like it is a good job. Yeah. No,
and I like that, like, you know, Hollywood or like, you know, classic Hollywood or
ever want to call it is crossing over more and more into games like this. Because,
you know, we all remember a day when games were like you, you wouldn't see trip. Well,
I don't know if Megan Fox is triple A, but she's probably at least a, you know, a list movie stars
participating in things like this. And now it's it's kind of a grand theft auto or something. Yeah,
it's very commonplace. So I think it's cool. Did you also see the what the other thing coming out
from Mortal Kombat one is the other skin for Johnny Cage. Oh, it's Van Damme. Yeah, yeah.
Which is. And I think that is him doing the voicing, I think. Yeah. He was supposed to
originally have been the character that Johnny Cage became. Yeah. How full circle is that?
I completely forgot that Jean-Claude Van Damme was doing that. That's awesome.
Yeah. Yeah, that's really cool. There's there's honestly
some pretty good talent involved in that game. Yeah, we finally got our street fighter cross
Mortal Kombat now. This is not how we thought. But you know how fun. Oh, that means somebody
could do that in Mugen. They could take guile versus Johnny Cage, both Jean-Claude Van Damme
and we could finally see that back. You know, that's coming. Let's see a lot of comments and
chat lighting up about this crystal skies and chat says, I mean, JK Simmons and Jason Isaacs
in Baldur's Gate 3 is amazing. Yes. Keep in mind. JK Simmons in anything is awesome.
Jason Isaacs was also in Midnight Sons, Marvel's Midnight Sons as Mafisto and he was perfect.
Also something to keep in mind with the strike going on right now, video games are something
that they that celebrities can work with. The screen actors can work, at least for now. Yes,
I've heard about the whole voting in advance of, you know, to authorize a strike. I'm well aware
of that situation, but we haven't heard of a strike being authorized on the games industry
yet. So for now, you know, screen actors still work there. I wonder if we're not going to see
more of these types of collaborations, you know, in a year, a year and a half's time because
it allows some of the actors to work. Could be very interesting. See what that happens.
Also, Questbuster in chat warns, in addition to the Mortal Kombat 1 story,
the full story was already leaked and exists in clips out there. So watch out.
Yeah, well, that that game is also out this coming week, I think very soon. Yeah,
if you have the collector's editions on the 15th, otherwise you gotta wait until
next Tuesday. It's still not very long. It's, uh, they're very good at announcing those games
and then they're coming out like three months later. So yeah. All right. Well, let's talk about
a game that's gonna, that did not get a similar announcement pattern because we don't know when
this game is ever going to come out. Uh, but it is Elder Scrolls 6 and the news about exclusiveness
is back in the news. Um, because it has to do with, um, uh, I think this is evidence that went
in with Microsoft's battle with the FTC. There was some vagueness about if this game would be
Xbox only because of course they don't want the courts to think, you know, there's going to be
antitrust problems or whatever. So they say, um, with Elder Scrolls 6, it's so far out. It's hard
to understand what the platforms will even be. We're talking about a game that's five plus years
away. Remember that? Well, in an interview with Bloomberg this week, Phil Spencer was asked to
get about Elder Scrolls 6 saying, we looked at it on a case by case basis with the games we build.
We want to make sure our games are available in so many different places on our Xbox consoles,
on PC, also via cloud. These games can come to almost any web enabled device.
We're looking at millions and millions of players who will have access to star field and other Xbox
game studios games. It's really about giving players choice around how they want to play
and build their library games. I mean, like, look, he answered it in that quote right there.
And this is the thing I understand this doesn't generate clicks for your website and all that
stuff, but really look at what he's saying. And he can't, he can't say it so explicitly because
there are still court things going on with Microsoft. Granted, Microsoft says Microsoft
Bethesda was settled a long time ago, but they're still trying to project this image of, oh yeah,
we were going to put our games everywhere. Activision, Blizzard come be a part of that.
Yeah. You know, they want to project that image to all these regulatory bodies around the world.
So he can't be explicit yet. If you read between the lines in that comment, he literally says
between Xbox on the way between Xbox cloud, Xbox system and PC, we're going to get this
game everywhere. We don't need PlayStation five. That's right. He's saying without saying.
Yeah. And, and nor should the FTC be like suggesting that they need to put that game
on a PlayStation console because like, I'm sorry, Sony, they're not publishing Spiderman on Xbox.
Like why, why the double standards here? Like, I don't even understand why they would push that.
And I'm sure that somebody in the FTP or FTC is just not clear enough to realize that like
a Bethesda game is not an Activision game. And it's completely two different scenarios here, but
yeah, it's, it's even, it's a stupid thing to even inquire about. Like, I don't understand.
So elder scrolls six is exclusive to Microsoft. I guarantee it. That's like, I don't know why
we're continuing to debate this. It's it's look at what they're saying. It's going to be exclusive
a hundred percent, especially the way he compares it to starfield. Hello. Starfield just went
through this exact same, uh, speculation and questions and talk arounds and all this stuff.
And what happened? It's exclusive elder scroll six will be. And, and, and that's okay.
Microsoft is buying these big companies so they can have exclusives to take on
Sony's what Sony's got and refuses to put out on all of their devices. That's another
interesting thing. Well, nevermind. We'll, we'll go to that another day. All right. Moving on.
Let's, let's, let's go back to a, a more classic time in this next segment as we usually do.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time or I'll dive into the vault and pull out
a classic and tell you about it. It's time for the classic game of the week. All right. But
dark soccer, you have a classic non game tonight, if I remember right. So what did you pick for us
tonight? I picked connect for another game that has made enemies of entire families.
So, um, it has gone by other names, uh, not just connect for, with the number four or spelled out
four, but four up plot for fine for captain's mistress four in a row, drop four and gravitrix
in the Soviet union. I'm only going to call it captain's mistress from now on.
I'm kind of down for that. Um, but at any rate, um, you have two colors and your goal is to make
four in a row, either, um, uh, you know, uh, right up, uh, vertically horizontal or diagonally. Um,
and, uh, basically it's already what's referred to as a solved game, meaning that it's one that
you can predict as long as people play perfectly. Um, now, um, the, uh, the thing about this one
is that the official connect for trademark came out in February, 1974 by Milton Bradley. But
the theories behind the game have already existed well before that. So I don't know if anyone
remembers the pretty sneaky CIS commercial, cause they redid that commercial a couple of times in
the history of that game. Um, but as it said in that commercial connect four of your checkers
in a row while preventing your opponent from doing the same, but look out, your opponent can sneak up
on you and win the game. Um, so it actually has a lot more to go with a little bit of a mathematical,
uh, uh, theory behind it. Um, it's what's referred to also as a zero-sum game.
Yeah, that, that's, that's the commercial. Um, meaning that, um, there are two sides,
but one is strictly advantaged and one is strictly disadvantaged. So, um, but the first time the game
was ever solved, like completely was, uh, by James Dow Allen on October 1st, 1988,
and then independently by Victor Alice on October 16th, 1988. And it basically was by developing
strategy to mathematically figure out where the, uh, the items should fall to get a perfect,
a perfect game. Um, and, uh, they actually, they've even, um, had AI applied to it to figure
out all the various, uh, different formulas that could be used to decide optimal gameplay. Um, but
the biggest thing with the connect four is that honestly, the first one who does it first
is the winner, you know, who makes, who makes it, uh, we used to play like, um,
not the first person to get the four, but how many could you get out of the board,
you know? So it was, it was pretty, pretty interesting.
Oh, like how many four connections could you get once all the pieces were played?
Exactly.
Oh, that's an interesting little house rule. I like that.
Yeah. So, um, there are other variations of the game that have different board sizes and
game pieces and rules and stuff like that. Um, the variations, um, are really good for,
you know, again, folks who use, you know, AI for, uh, for, uh, projections and, um, game theorists.
So the most common board is, uh, seven columns by six rows. Variations can be five by four,
six by five, eight by seven, nine by seven, 10 by seven, eight by eight and infinite connect four,
and then cylinder infinite connect four, which I haven't seen either of those.
Um, so basically though, you're pretty much going, you know, just, just drop it in,
see what happens. So, um, there are other, uh, variations, like I was saying, pop out,
darts traditionally the same way, but, um, you, you know, you alternate your pieces,
everyone takes their turn, but during each term, a player can either add another disc from the top,
or if one has any discs of their own color on the bottom row, they can pop out that disc instead.
And so it drops down everything from above it, you know, kind of like clearing out a Tetris line.
Um, they also pop 10, which, um, you set up your discs into the slot filling up from only
the bottom row and then moving on until the next row is filled. So you're, you're doing your four
like that. There's also five in a row, of course, played on a six by nine grid. Um, power up, which
is, um, like they have like a power checkers piece, um, where you can choose to play it once
per game. And it has an anvil icon. If you play like one with an anvil icon, you have to pop out
all the pieces below it. Um, you know, just different, different variations like that.
So as far as, um, other versions of the game, there's a giant connect four, and we actually
see someone who has constructed one. Um, there, yeah, this is the largest version. Um, it has made
from weather resistant wood and measures 120 centimeters in both width and height. Um, it was
released for the Microvision video game console in 1997, uh, developed by Robert Hofburg. And it was
also released on the TI 99 for computer. I have played that one. Um, in 1979, of course I, I was
a little bit older when I played it. Um, it also, I mean, one of the fun things about it is that
you can just play a very quick game. There's travel versions of it. There's also another
one they made in 2007 called connect for stackers, which instead of the grid, um, you have a board
that you're placing your discs on. Um, there's also a physical game called connect four by four,
where it has two layer vertical grid with colored discs for four players plus blocking discs.
Um, in 2013, Baytech games released, uh, a connect for ticket redemption, arcade game
under license by Hasbro, uh, 2015 winning moves published connect for twist and turn
where you have a game tower instead of a grid. And it has five rings that twist independently.
Sounds complicated. And then Baytech games in 2018 released a connect for arcade game called
connect for hoops where you throw basketballs and then they show up as checkers on the screen.
Um, so moving, uh, a little bit, a little bit past that, um, oh, actually I take that back.
Um, there was connect for shots released by Hasbro in 2018, where you have to bounce the
colored balls onto a grid until you achieve four in a row. So to go into some pop culture stuff,
um, uh, Stuart Mcconey, while working with NME, uh, started a rumor that connect for was invented
by David Bowie. Nope. On, uh, the hubs show Friday game night, there is a game, uh, called connect
for basketball. So you use basketballs to play Nintendo did a version of this called four in a
row, um, for their tabletop games compilation and clubhouse games, 51 worldwide classics for the
switch. And then a game, uh, a way out, uh, you can play connect for as a mini game. And there you go.
All right. Your classic non-video game of the month connect for great choice. Um,
have you ever played? Oh, what's that? I was just going to say, can you guess anything that's next?
Do you want to hazard a guess? I mean, I think I've shown you the list, but no, I don't think
I've seen the list. So you have not know. So, um, yeah. Whatever could be happening, whatever could
it be? We'll find out. We'll find out soon. Um, a couple of things, Jamie, I lost your avatar.
I don't know if it's because I was running B roll or something, but I'm getting the squares
on discord. I don't know what's going on. Sorry. Um, and, uh, what was the other thing I was going
to say? Oh, have you, the last time I played connect for was actually, have you ever played
the one they have at the bolt, which for those not, yeah. Yeah. For those not from this town is
kind of the local, uh, uh, daddy bar, I guess, but it's pretty welcoming to all walks of life.
Um, but it's, uh, they gotta, they have one of those giant connect fours. So, um, it always that
and the Jenga always makes a big thud when the game's over. Cause they have one of those life
sized Jenga's out there too. And, uh, they're always making gigantic noise when they fall apart.
So yeah. Hmm. All right. I do not know what's going on with this thing. Cause I have it set to
not put the stupid little camo thing on my window and it still does it. Um, during that segment,
somebody in chat reminded me of a big headline that we didn't have on our list tonight. So I
hope you won't mind me adding something here on the fly, but I think this is worth bringing up.
And that is, uh, the announcement that read pop and the ESA have broken up. Uh, they will not be,
yeah. Read pop and the ESA have broken up. They will not be working on E3 next year.
And, uh, it has already been announced. The ESA has informed the LA convention center
that there will not be an in-person show in 2024. That is because if you listen to what I said
earlier this year, there will never be another E3. Uh, look, we talked a lot about this,
but, um, E3 is, is long since dead and gone, but I am, I am actually legitimately surprised by this
news because I thought for sure this was just, Oh, read pops just going to produce E3 as a fan
convention like packs or have E3 at packs. But even that has apparently fallen apart
for whatever reason. I wonder if the ESA is really hard-headed and that they really think
they're going to get a show at the LA convention center again. Um, I am left to not be sure what
else could be the possibility. Uh, the ESA has said in a statement, we appreciate read pops
partnership over the past 14 months and support their ongoing efforts to bring industry and fans
together through their various events. While the reach of E3 remains unmatched in our industry.
Let's let the crickets chirp for that one. We are continuing to explore how we can evolve it
to best serve the video game industry and are evaluating every aspect of the event from format
to location. We're good at getting into physical magazine publication. That's a winning strategy
from format to location. So E3 is going to be moving from the LA convention center to
the banquet room at Applebee's. Um, we are committed to our role as a, uh,
kind of vendor, Kevin, or for the industry convener airport Hilton, and, uh, look forward
to sharing news about E3 in the coming months. Hmm. Very interesting. Um, I was just curious
about something when bringing this whole thing up. So let me actually, I just wanted to check out,
uh, yeah, I'm doing this live. I have no idea what to expect here. Um, so I'm actually looking
at the ESAs website right now, because I'm just kind of curious, like, what are some things that
the ESA has done for the industry? Okay, here we go in the news back on August 23rd, essential facts,
key findings. Okay. So they did a study, I guess that's something neat. And then we go back over
a month before that for their last big headline, July 20th gaming for everyone creating an
inclusive environment for a global player community. Well, yes, I agree with that games
are for everyone, but how did the ESA do that? Let's see. They gathered with experts, innovators
and change makers in New York's games for change festival. So the ESA didn't put it on. They went
somewhere else. They showed up. Showing up is really like the most important step, right?
The ESA is dead. They just don't know it yet. Don't tell them. All right, moving on. Let's
talk about some other news, uh, that happened this week rapidly in our industry with rapid fire news.
We'll, we'll give you some more headlines faster than the ESA will. Uh, Loki, we'll start with you.
Yes. So I am very excited about this. Uh, it is another thing that you can get to build a console.
So this is not necessarily coming from Lego this time, but it's mega blocks or I think it,
I don't know if it's mega blocks or mega constructs because they used to have the
constructs license as well, but mega block, I guess maybe they went back to that. Um,
they have a three to four or three fourth scale replica of the Xbox 360 and it is $150. It's 1400
pieces and it includes the Xbox 360 console, the controller and a replica of halo three,
the case and everything. Um, the thing that bothers me the most about this is the internals.
They do show that there's like actual, um, circuit boards and stuff on the inside and it does not
look like an Xbox 360. I have taken part so many of those. It's just, they kind of close ish.
It's, it's, you know, it's, it's, you tried it too. You tried, like they, they, they put
some things in there and they're like, yeah, I think it's like a Borgos or like, you know,
heatsink goes here. Some, some resistors go here close enough. Um, but I mean, it still looks cool.
Um, I don't know what everyone hates on mega blocks. I mean, they've got some pretty good
Pokemon, um, builds. I've done their like giant Pikachu thing that they did and that was pretty
sweet. Um, but yeah, it'll be out in October on the eighth and they had pre-orders for it.
It's exclusively at target and it's sold out already, but I'm in target all the time. So I
will just have to keep an eye out. Also, I have no room for this whatsoever, but.
We can just add that to the queue of unbuilt crap in our house.
Um, what is not included though with it is the ginormous immense brick of a power supply
that is not included with the kit. And fortunately that would have bumped up the
purchase price of $250 and they just weren't willing to do that.
Or a red filter. So you can create your red ring of death.
I do. Oh yes, that too. Um, yeah, it does light up. Um, I do like how the box though is the same
box as the Xbox three 60, which is pretty, pretty cool. So I do like that about it. Um,
is the original model or one of the slims is the original model, the original model.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So I, I'm, I'm pretty, you know, I did check it out. Um,
I don't, yeah, I it's a little pricey, but you know, it's, it's not too bad for 1400 pieces.
All right. What else? And then, uh, we've got more stuff coming to Nintendo switch online.
So this week we got a few, um, Game Boy, Nintendo, and super Nintendo games. Um,
starting with a quest for Camelot for the super Nintendo, uh, we have, uh, Kirby star stacker
and on the, um, for the NES and then also, uh, downtown and Nakatsu March super awesome
field day and joy mech fight. It's a CUNYO game. Yep. It is a CUNYO game.
And those are as well for the, uh, Nintendo or yeah, for the NES.
All right. Uh, what do you have? So I have, um, for fans of cold to the lamb, like myself,
uh, there is our custom controllers released that are available now, um, through a, uh,
a website, uh, for captain Alex CPT and Alex all inward, who's selling, uh, dual sense Xbox
controllers, joy con and pro controllers. And if you get one, you will also get like with,
with the special package, it's like 165 bucks for one. Um, but you can get a licensed custom
controller, premium packaging, a two inch hard enamel spinner pin that I kind of just
want the pin and a stainless steel authenticity card that is signed by captain Alex. And you can
just go to captain Alex.com to see what they are. I just want the pin. That's all.
All right. Well, uh, you heard about it in the intro and this is just so silly. We have to talk
about it, but you know what? Uh, who, who doesn't love video games more than cup noodle and, uh,
all of their various collaborations they do. I love all their collaborations. They can,
there's no collaboration that has been amazing. Well, they know that gamers apparently love cup
noodle, by the way, we are not being paid for this product placement. And I feel like we ought
to be, but it was reported on CNN. It's in the news. We should bring it up. The gaming cup noodle
is coming out in Japan. So it's not coming out here. Uh, but, uh, maybe Akuma JP is still out
there. It can get us some, uh, it is coming out on September 18th in Japan gaming cup noodle.
This is. It's also a rainbow colored package that looks really cute. I got to say it's why,
what makes it gaming cup noodle it's caffeinated, caffeinated ramen, but it's going to be available
in garlic, garlic, and black pepper yakisoba varieties, which both sound pretty good. Honestly,
uh, both versions are soup free. So, um, you don't have to worry about the soup spilling out and
over. I was, I was worried that there'd be soup in my soup. That's right. So, um, it's, you know,
again, obviously when this showed up in fall of SC 15, it was a huge hilarity.
They're just like, okay, let's, let's just take, we're going to take the soup.
Let's remove the soup, put caffeine in there instead.
Now it's gamers soup, but it's not soup. It doesn't make any sense,
but I love it because it's totally cup. It makes any sense. It's the most random
fucking thing in the world that I'm here for it. So, all right, let's check. This is the
type of leadership that we need for the ESA cup noodle needs to run the E3 show. It would be
insane. Like I would just love it. We are at the point where cup noodle is a better run company
than the ESA. Yes. A hundred percent co-signed. Oh my God. All right. Uh, let's travel around
the world and check out some release dates and some things you can pick up with your, uh, cup
noodle, uh, gamer variety. Let's start in the U S uh, Loki. Uh, lots of stuff. We're in fourth,
we're not really in fourth quarter yet, but maybe it's basically fourth quarter at this point.
Uh, so we have Axiom Verge two on the Xbox one rain, uh, rain world on PlayStation five,
Xbox one and Xbox series, the valiant on PlayStation five and Xbox series, bug snacks on
iOS lost in play on iOS and Android. Mordhau on PlayStation four, PlayStation five,
Xbox one and Xbox series. Oxen free to lost signals on PC, Nintendo switch,
PlayStation four and PlayStation five. Um, Othlier Mary remake the alchemist of Sahlberg
on PlayStation five. Uh, we have dyschronia Kronos alternate episode three on PlayStation
five and the quest two. We have ed zero zombie uprising on PC, PlayStation five and Xbox series,
gravity circuit on PC, Nintendo switch, PlayStation four and PlayStation five.
Awesome game. If you haven't played on PC yet, uh, highly recommend you pick it up on consoles.
Uh, um, maniac mechanics on Nintendo switch, Naraka blade point on PlayStation five. Uh,
this is random, but operation Wolf returns first mission VR on the PC PlayStation five
quest two and Pico four had to look up at the Pico four was it's another VR headset by bite dance,
uh, Sonic prime dash on iOS and Android, uh, Toho new world on PC and Nintendo switch
dragon quest treasures on PC, XO primal on PC, PlayStation four, PlayStation five,
Xbox one and Xbox series, jacket Alliance three on PC. And that is it.
Is that all that's all just a few games. Uh, Japan's got a lot going on to traveling to
Japan on the Nintendo switch this week. Super bomber man are two comes out in Japan, uh,
button Kaitos one and two HD remaster. That's pretty cool. Uh, comes out in Japan this week
as well in the switch. Uh, we also have wand of fortune. Uh, our two FD is out for, uh,
the Nintendo switch as well in Japan in a regular and a special edition and the dead
cells returned to Castlevania edition. That's, uh, obviously a physical edition of dead cells
with the Castlevania DLC that is out in Japan this week in a regular and collector's edition.
Uh, I know we joke about a lot of collector edition stuff coming out of Japan, but the,
um, yeah, it looks like it comes with like, uh, uh, fake CD kind of thing. Uh, also just
a lot of artwork, a sticker book, like all this cute little thing. So, uh, like the, um, the, uh,
like portable systems of these to have like all the fake stuff with it too, or, or there's like
some collector's edition thing. It's just, it's just all collector's edition, like stickers and
things like that. And typical, uh, one piece pirate warriors four is also out in Japan this
week on the Nintendo switch heading over to the PlayStation five this week. That's super
bomber man. R2 is also out in Japan. Uh, that I think, Oh no, we also get the dead
cells gets a physical release in Japan as well. And double dragon guide and rise of the dragons
also out along with the crew motor Fest on the PlayStation five in Japan this week,
let's check out Europe, dark soccer. On the 12th or PlayStation and switch,
we have neon white also for PlayStation and X-Box F1 manager 2023 on the 14th for PlayStation
heavy duty challenge, um, PlayStation and X-Box Adam infinitum. Uh, we also have the crew motor
Fest for PlayStation, X-Box and switch. We have super bomber man R2, um, for, uh, PlayStation
switch inspector gadget, mad time party. Sorry. Um, the 14th, um, for PlayStation,
X-Box mortal combat one premium edition or the 15th we have, uh, for X-Box, uh, PlayStation
switch. We have baby sharks, sing and swim party. Uh, uh, you know, I was in at Marshall's today
and literally the baby shark music started playing over the loudspeaker and I'm like the fuck
anyway. So, uh, on, uh, switch, we have, uh, button KITOS one into HD remaster, uh, for,
uh, PlayStation, we have VR skater and for PlayStation and switch, we have the many pieces
of Mr. Koo. All right. That's it. We have a few more stories for you all, and then we will get to
the listener round table. I don't know if we have emails tonight. I forgot to look, find out. Nope.
All right. But maybe we'll get a call or two and, uh, some questions from chat as well. And
just a little bit, we still have some stories starting with Loki. Yep. So we talked a little
bit about this, I think a few weeks ago about X-Box new reporting system that they're going to
have. Uh, now they have actually launched it. Um, initially in the U S UK, Canada, Ireland,
Australia, and New Zealand, it's going to be for reporting abusive voice chats and it allows you to
the system is going to capture 60 second clips and save it to your console. And you have 24
hours to complete your report. And then you can send off the offending clips to Microsoft's and
ban somebody, or at least give them seven warnings. I think they had originally,
seven strike plan. Yeah. That's some game of baseball there. Um, our feature is designed
so that only, only you, the player can initiate the capture of the last 60 seconds of gameplay.
Activity occurred for the content moderation purposes that says it works. Um, let's see,
they will not appear in your recent captures and the clips cannot be downloaded and modified
or shared. Um, okay, cool. I mean, well, I mean, if it's abusive content, then you shouldn't share
it. Right. Right. I would assume, you know, um, so I guess you got to really be on the ball though,
if it's, you know, only 60 seconds previously. So it makes, it doesn't make sense.
I do feel like there's been a lot more companies that have been taking this sort of abuse that
happens on platforms a little more seriously. Like I've been seeing just, you know, cause I've
been playing a little more Overwatch lately and I, uh, have seen people that are using the reporting
features in there and you actually get the actual reports that say something happened, which is nice.
I wish other games I've played in the past would do something like that. Um, that, that let them
know that their reports didn't go to waste. So, um, it's just interesting to see, you know,
especially considering, you know, that, that example is jumping out at me and I'm thinking
about who Microsoft is trying to buy right now, that they are trying to clean up, you know,
a lot of the stuff shenanigans that happen on Xbox live. So yeah. Um, let's just, let's just
hope it leads to cleaning up some of these things that we assume to be true about Xbox live, uh,
and a place where everyone feels welcome, which is very important. So, uh, dark soccer.
Um, for the game sea of stars, their developer sabotage is working on some DLC.
So of course this is a retro RPG. It's a pretty well liked from what I understand. Um,
but on Canada radio, their CEO theory Bollinger, I guess, uh, was, uh, basically, uh, saying that
there's going to be some, some new stuff. And there was also a blog post at the time that said
a fully fledged site adventure DLC would be called throws of the watchmaker and would expand even
more on the world of sea of stars. And there you go. I definitely like that's one of those games
that just came out in this last week where it's like, Oh my God, I got to get around to that too.
Yeah. I've heard a lot of good things about it. Just, you know, the, that it really feels like
some type of spiritual successor to chrono trigger. Um, and I don't know why there's
this rumor out there that I hate chrono trigger. I don't, um, I I'm very excited to check out this
game and, and, uh, uh, check it out. It looks really cool. I've, I've saw a little bit of
streaming of it, but not at times. I didn't want to spoil it for myself. So. All right.
Loki. Uh, yes. So that wonderful game stray about the cat wandering through a cyberpunk
dystopia is, um, apparently going to be getting a movie, an animated movie. Um,
and they said, you know, it's, um, they called the game the greatest hope punk movie that's
ever been made. Um, I'm excited about it. I'm gonna think of you a good property to make an
animated movie for. So we'll see what ends up happening with that when it's coming. Um,
neat. Yeah. Um, I, uh, obviously we are seeing a lot of games get adapted into movies and TV
and all that sort. So I can't say it's too surprising, but it's kind of cool. Cause that's
stray. I don't want to say it came out of nowhere, but like, I, you know, they announced it and
everybody was like, Ooh, the cat game. And everybody then kind of like jumped on board
with it. And it did, it did very well as a result. So, um, because it delivered on being the cat
game. Uh, and I think people really had fun with it. So it's kind of, and I didn't realize that,
uh, Anna Purna is actually, they have an animation studio and a Purna animation that they made a
Nomura or Nimona on Netflix. So they've already done an animated movie. So now they get to use
their own property for that. Yeah. Uh, Tiger con chat says the title might cause confusion
because there was a movie called strays, a dog movie that's rated R and we get movies that come
out with the same title. Sometimes like, you know, after a few years go by and I don't think this is
something that's going to be coming out this year. It's going to be a few years off. Put the cute cat
on the poster or the, the little, um, box art. Yeah. Yeah. Uh, and crystal skies points out,
they finished Nimona. Uh, they didn't fully make it. Oh, got it. Okay. Okay. All right. Um,
I think we got one more here and, uh, this is a little bit surprising. Uh, this kind of came out
of nowhere, but I'm, I'm having a flappy bird kind of moment hearing about this and it's not exactly,
but yeah. Okay. Well, let's talk about it. So it is the viral game only up, which you may have seen
played on Twitch. Cause a lot of people have been playing it on Twitch. Uh, it's no longer available
on steam. It was delisted from steam. Uh, this game has had a lot of interesting chat around it
because there's been talk about infringing assets. Cause somebody there's that the fact that the game
promoted NFTs, which we all know of pretty much flopped in the industry at this point, uh, gamers
won on that one. We pushed back against that boy. Oh boy. I think finally enough companies heard us
that NFTs, you don't hear anybody talking about it in games anymore. Well, except in like very
obscure places where they belong. Um, but now the creator of the game says they need to put the
game behind them due to stress. What I need now is peace of mind and healing says the developer
S C K R games. There was an update on the steam page, uh, about the decision saying I'm a solo
developer and this game is my first experience in game dev, a game I did for creativity to test
myself and where I made a lot of mistakes. The game has kept me under a lot of stress all these
months. Now I want to put the game behind me and yes, the game won't be available in the steam
store soon. That's what I decided myself. And sure enough, it is no longer available.
Don't make an NFT game. Well, I don't necessarily think the NFT part was that big. It was,
they weren't like, it wasn't, that wasn't front and center. I want to say like,
it's not in the game. I want to say maybe the developer at one point like talked about it
possibly. Like it's one of those things that I think the headline got bigger than it actually
was like weren't in the game. Yeah. I don't know if it was a lot of the infringing assets.
I know that was some contention before legit. Yeah. Because yeah, I'm wondering if it's more
of like legal, um, you know, pressure, you know, to like, okay, let's put this, let's, let's,
let's take this away. So no one else can find more assets or infringe type of thing because
I'm just a solo dev. And if I get sued, I'm gonna be in trouble. Cause I don't have a lot
of money. Uh, so Bobby points out that there was NFT iconography in the game. So maybe there were,
the dev was probably a fan of this and, uh, probably inserted some of that into the game,
but did the game itself use NFTs? It does not appear so. So, um, but all that aside,
it was very popular on Twitch and it's not often you hear about popular games where the developer
just says, I'm out and just up and leaves. And that's, that's kind of why I pulled in the
reference to flappy bird, which I know is a bit of a different circumstance, but that's another
one where I think right at the height of that game's fame, the guy said, I, I don't want to
do this anymore. Bye. And that was, that was it. And by golly, he stuck to his word. Right. So I,
it's interesting to see this happen. Um, that's, you know, basically leaving that money on the
table, but at the same time, I get it. It's a lot of stress when you're this one person,
your game is under a microscope and people are talking about NFT references or, you know,
the, the status of where certain assets came from and so forth.
Or just updating your game. Like you just don't want to do it anymore. Like I don't want to
support this game anymore. So like, I can't sit here and say, I blame him, but it's like,
you know, you got to put your mental health above everything else, period. I'm always going to
support that, but it is just still so you don't often see people walk away from this level of a
game with the exposure that it had for that. And that's just kind of what makes this like
surprising. But I, I don't wish the developer any ill will for sure. I hope he finds the piece he's
looking for, um, with this decision. Cause that is, that is a lot of money to leave behind. Um,
so good luck to him. All right. Anyhow, uh, let's go to our round table where we will solicit any
other questions y'all might have for us in our chat room over twitch.tv slash vog network
against which TV vog network. Um, you could also, if you want to head on over to our discord,
you can hop in the green room and we'll take some calls. Um, I believe dark Sakura already
mentioned we have no emails tonight, but if you'd like to send us an email for a future week,
participate at orange laundry.com is a great place to do it. Um, I will admit I did not check
our Twitter this week to see if we got anything, but I will take a look at that real quick,
just because I've been on that website less and less, but, um, I will still take a look.
I see dark soccer's plug for the show. Oh, I guess I could, I did tag OLR in this,
but since it's somewhat related, um, uh, talking a little bit about star field real quick.
One of the things I did like in star field was that they have some really cute little Easter
eggs and some of the art it's very tangential to, um, fall out. And some of the interesting
things you see there, but like I was rating a random moon base and I saw this poster
rely on each other and it looked like all the people holding hands, like, you know,
at the end of up, um, spoiler alert, that's big vibes. I got, I also, this was my favorite,
a vending machine that says we are so sorry for any inconvenience. We are currently out of ice,
but the gag is it's so old the, and it's abandoned on the moon. It's been iced over,
but I just, I don't know. I, I love those cute little like Easter eggs that are in the
environment. Dark soccer. I feel like this is something you can appreciate too. When you used
to do things like the mass effecting blog where, you know, you would go around and find all these
things in the environment, like store names on the Citadel and things like that. Yeah. Yeah.
This one's intimate lingerie. Like that stuff like that is really funny to me.
I have a last minute story. If you'd want to. Oh, sure. Let's do it.
So this comes from, um, a, I don't know. It's, I guess it's from a website, the boy from Mexico.
It's this guy, uh, talking Edward Dennis, uh, who's talking about his book, but in the, about
this Edward Dennis guy, it says artist, author, animator, game designer. And one of the blurbs
in here says, um, uh, in addition to this, Edward is working with paramount pictures on a video
adaptation of their twin peaks property. Now, obviously not a video adaptation. I think the
referencing video game is just mistyped in here, but could there be a twin peaks game coming
from paramount? Could that have just been placeholder text or something? I don't know.
I'm a little, this, this is a reach to me. Um, I mean, I would love to see some type of official
twin peaks game. Here's the thing. I don't see it as something David Lynch would get into.
That's, that's where my, that's the real block from my mind. Like, I, I don't want to,
you know, just because this is just a random thing, I'm a person I've never heard of. I don't
want to necessarily dismiss it on that alone, but just the concept. I feel like David Lynch
would hate it. So I, unless somebody has talked him into it, which great. I don't see this as
something David Lynch would ever embrace. I just don't. And I mean, granted, I feel like he has
ultimate control over the IP because that's why it took so long for there to be a reboot. I suppose
if paramount own that or Showtime or whatever, now, maybe they could go around them. But I,
I just know if he's not involved, it's going to suck. And that's just the fact. So yeah.
Yeah. Bobby Blackwell says that might be, I had a phone call with them once and that's,
that's a little bit, that's kind of the vibes I get from that. You know, again, if,
if somebody has convinced David Lynch to make a video game, then fuck yeah, I'm here for it.
And honestly, it might be a great way to continue the story of twin peaks because the reality is
a lot of key actors and actresses in twin peaks are dying. They're passing away. The log lady is
no longer with us. Um, the, one of the prominent, um, FBI folks is no longer with us. David Bowie
passed away. They kind of found a way around that in the, the, the return, but like video games would
be a way for the universe of twin peaks to, to live on without having to rely on, you know,
if certain people are going to be physically able or present to do a twin peaks continuation.
So like if somebody has been able to convince David Lynch of that, then fucking awesome. But
I just, as a big fan of twin peaks, my big reaction is, Oh, David Lynch would never go
for that. Forget it. Like he'll have to die and it'll be his estate. And that's going to be many
years. So, um, Bobby Blackwolf in chat says Babylon five continued last month with an
animated movie and that's how they cast new voices for the actors who passed. Yeah. It's very,
very similar to that concept. So. Wouldn't be too unlike what happened with, uh,
the doctor who, uh, second doctor episodes. Yeah. Yeah. They had to remake them in animation,
but yeah. Uh, Shane in chat says I need more twin peaks media. Anyway, I can get it. I'll take a
game. That PSX demo looked very good. It did look good, but it didn't really look, I don't,
I don't know how fun of a game it is. I feel like the entire, and I don't want to disrespect the
folks that worked hard on that because again, as a fan, I think that's a really great fan project,
but I think that's all it's going to be is a, Oh, that's neat. Oh, look what they did there. Oh,
that's a cool reference. Oh, I love that. It's not going to really build on the universe. If
we're talking a legit twin peaks video game, I'm expecting that it is continuing the universe and
the, you know, essentially mythology at this point behind twin peaks and continuing those stories.
I would love to have the ending of the return explained. This is the wild thing about twin
peaks, the return. If you watch all, but the, the next to last episode, you're like, wow,
they really brought this full circle. This is incredible. They, I mean, they do it kind of fast,
but like the way they tie it back to the very beginning is like, Holy shit, this is incredible.
It's like, he really did know this was it the whole time. And like, it took us, you know,
25 years to get here, but here we are, it was mind blowing. And then you get one more episode,
the very last episode. And you're like, the fuck was that? What now? What happened? What?
And like the way it ends, you know, very much like the original Twin Peaks series itself. How's Annie?
Like the way this ends is just like, that is too much of a cliffhanger. And yeah,
Shane said, that's why I need more. Yeah, same. I would love nothing more than another
Twin Peaks season four. But the more and more time that passes, the less and less
likely it is that it's going to happen unless they, they really do change the year and have
a completely different cast in there or something. I don't know. I don't know how they do it.
So we'll see. Anyway. Any other last minute stories, Loki?
Nope.
All right. Well, with that, then I think we're towards the end of another episode and we will
start to wrap things up. We'll say goodbye first to Dark Sacras. I believe you're going
to do your thing. But do you have any final thoughts or party words for us tonight?
I have a request.
Yeah.
If anyone is in a thrift store and they see one of the Echo Kitchama jigs, they're like
these slotted spoon things. Buy it for me, please. I will pay for shipping. I've been looking for one.
Interesting. Is that a slotted spoon?
They're super convenient. It's like a kind of a slotted spoon spatula sort of thing. And it's
like this Holy grail of kitchen equipment. Cause you can fry with it and do all this stuff. And
I super want one. Cause we used to have one when I was a kid.
Interesting.
They're like a very neat spoon. If anyone wants to know what it is, just look it up.
All right. We'll have fun with your Dead by Daylighting tonight. We'll see you in a little
bit.
Okay. I know that was a random one, but that's the truth. All right. I'll see y'all later.
All right. Take care. Bye-bye. All right. And Loki lap last but not least your final thought.
Oh, wait, no, wait. Sorry. Before we get to your final thought, let me say,
thank you as always for listening to Orange Launch Radio and downloading our show,
whether you were here live or you were listening to us in the podcast feed.
Thank you for being here. Tell a friend or two about the show. Help us spread the word because
we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we need more voices to put out on air.
A nice five star review on a site like iTunes or wherever it is you found this show like Spotify,
whatever. That goes an awful long way as well. We really appreciate all of that.
Also, we would really appreciate a follow for VOG Network over not just on Twitch,
but on YouTube as well, as well as our social medias, both Blue Sky and Twitter.
Loki, now I'll go to your final thought.
My final thought is tomorrow at noon, New Pacific and 3 p.m. Eastern will be when I debut my
finale for season two. So look for that. Be on the YouTube feed. It has a premiere
probably later tonight and it will be up on social media later tonight as well.
If I remember and I don't have a meeting that bleeds into noon, which sometimes happens,
I will I will lurk in the channel. That's fine. Or just watch it whenever.
Yeah, absolutely. I'll get you get to those views. All right. Awesome.
Let's see my final thought tonight. Thanks again to Dragon Con for a great time.
Looking forward to TwitchCon in a few weeks. And I guess I'm starting Baldur's Gate 3 tonight.
So I'm going to be doing some playing on my own channel tomorrow with Baldur's Gate 3 after work.
So check that out. That adventure is beginning very soon. Rob Roberts here on Twitch. So that's
going to do it for another episode of Orange Launch Radio. Thank you all so much for watching
the show tonight. Appreciate it. Have a good one, everybody. And we'll see you next time. Bye.
Radio, nor fog network, but you know, they were all.
