Tonight, July 8, 2012, Sony purchases Gaikai, what does this mean for retail?
Microsoft securing a domain name leads to speculation, and a court in the European Union makes a huge decision on reselling digital
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It's Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live, as we always are, Sunday nights at the Voice of Geeks or VOG Network, www.vognetwork.com.
Sunday nights, 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after Mr. Bobby Blackwolf and his fantastic show.
Also on the network.
If you are listening to us live...
Get your butt in our chat room and participate so we can read your comments.
Live.VogNetwork.com We always appreciate you guys participating along with our show.
I said your show.
It is your show too.
It's all of our shows.
We do like to bill ourselves as the show where every gamer has a voice.
TechMasterLoki
I'm doing good.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Just, alright, it's all good?
I'm full now because I've had like a liter of root beer.
That is a lot of soda.
What did you think about, not to get all political on this show, but since, you know, I know a lot of gamers and I know a lot of gamers that drink soda, there was a lot of feedback to that whole New York City law that they were talking about where they were going to ban the supersized drinks and all that.
What did you think about that?
I don't even understand why that's a problem.
I somehow knew in my mind that's exactly what you'd say.
Maybe having done this show with you for 10 years and knowing you about us long is probably...
I can predict these things
for 10 years and knowing you about as long as probably.
Feedback, sorry.
I am not with it tonight.
Two hosting the show tonight.
I'm not with it.
I forgot to enable the live check-ins over at vognetwork.com and everybody in chat is screaming, turn it on, turn it on.
We're having two hosts tonight.
Alan, I know we talked last week about it's his birthday.
So happy birthday, Alan, if you're out there listening from work where he's at right now.
I was going to forge you a picture, but I couldn't do it on my phone.
I'm totally off topic here.
No, that's fine.
Help me fill time while I set up the chickens.
There was a killer tattoo that I saw that was a Golden Girls tattoo.
What?
A Golden Girls tattoo?
A Golden Girls tattoo.
I was like, man, Rob would have to get that.
What was it of?
It was of all of them.
All of them.
It said, thank you for being a friend underneath it.
It was great.
I like that.
It was on Facebook.
But yeah, that was hilarious.
So, um... Yeah, lots of soda.
See, I was almost gonna... I left early.
I was like, okay, I'm gonna go get something different than what I normally get because, you know, I have this extra time now.
So, I thought about, well, I could go to In-N-Out, but I really don't like In-N-Out that much.
I mean, it's... Everyone loves their fries, but I think they taste like crap.
They taste like little... I don't know, it's...
Not crispy enough, I guess.
Not enough salt.
They're very natural with their fries, and I don't like that.
I want it to taste artificial and salty.
All right, live listeners, it's all better.
You can check in now at vognetwork.com.
Sorry about that.
Things are going to be a little broken tonight because two hosting it, we kind of have to... I don't get as many little breaks while DarkSakura's talking or whatever, and we couldn't scrounge up a third host fast enough.
As I was saying, Alan worked today.
Although, to be fair...
It was his choice.
Because his boss said, you know, you want the day off?
It's your birthday, whatever.
And Alan was like, oh, no, I want to make money on my birthday.
So it sounds good to me, right?
So there you go.
Which I don't know if I'm supposed to say this, but I'm going to.
His boss, you know who his boss is?
His boss is Jessica Harper from Under Sedation Live.
Really?
Yeah, they work together.
Isn't that funny?
That's awesome.
I know.
It's like the VOG family at work and online.
So that's pretty funny.
I don't know if I was supposed to say that, but oops, I have a big mouth.
Sorry about that.
Happy birthday.
Alright, anyhow, usually we get into talking about our gaming weeks, but I want to do a kickoff topic beforehand as we usually do, and I want to kind of address the pink elephant story in gaming.
You know, we know we're not breaking news to you here on Orange Lounge Radio, but one thing we like to do is kind of present the news, put it on the table, and talk about it a little bit.
One of the big things that has everybody talking this week is Gaikai, right?
Because Gaikai got bought by Sony, right?
and, you know, I know there's some more with that that's going to come up a little later in the show, but let's talk about kind of that first step there where Sony has bought Gaikai.
Why, Loki?
Why did Sony feel they needed to buy Gaikai?
For streaming games, I mean, that could be useful.
They've got a lot of... You know, Sony is an electronics manufacturer.
They have laptops, TVs, tablets, phones...
So they want a way to stream the Sony or PlayStation brand to all those devices at the same time.
Maybe somehow make them connected more with the PlayStation console or just tying everything together.
I think that's a good way to do it.
With a streaming platform.
I think I've made this comparison before, and I may not have said it on the show, but I totally thought it, which counts on the internet.
Sony has been doing a little bit of that streaming with the whole PlayStation 3 to the PSP, even before the Vita technology, where you could remember, and I know I've brought this up on the show before, but if you're a new listener or whatever, it's one of the...
Best hidden features that will really surprise you about the PSP is that that whole Wii U technology has existed.
I'm not dogging Nintendo.
I realize Nintendo's going to try and perfect that with the Wii U. That's fine.
But that technology to stream from your console has kind of been there with the PlayStation 3 and the PSP.
Granted, you're not streaming the full PlayStation 3 game.
That is not what's happening.
I can see them being interested in that.
Or, hey, they could even be just improving their streaming technology so that...
Thanks for watching!
and you can also do that PSP PS3 integration through the internet if I remember correctly you can actually yeah like I could be at a friend's house get into their Wi-Fi turn on my PlayStation 3 at home and get whatever I need on there although that's really limited to I mean video you know I wouldn't try to stream a game off there like a PS1 game or anything because the lag would be crazy you imagine trying to play like Oom Jam Alami over to that connection
Nope.
True, yeah.
Although that might be a fun challenge.
But, I mean, just the fact that I can, like, look at my home setup on my home PlayStation 3 in my crossbar is kind of cool.
Like, it's a nerdy, whoa, Keanu Reeves meme moment, you know?
Yeah.
So, I'd be very curious of PlayStation trying to perfect that technology.
What about, you know, one thing I've been kind of thinking about is that PlayStation Plus...
They like to do these demos, the 60-minute demos of the games.
But right now you have to pretty much download the whole darn game to your drive in order to just play 60 minutes of it.
I mean, for some people, depending on your connection, it takes longer to download the demo than it does to actually get to play the demo.
Maybe they're looking into Gaikai technology to stream demos.
I mean, that would certainly be a great use for it that they could probably implement ASAP.
It's possible that they were looking at doing that.
I mean, they could do a bunch of different things.
I just don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know what they're really doing with it yet.
I mean...
And let me pose this question to chat as well.
And I'm behind on some chat comments.
In fact, let me read a couple right here even though they're on other topics.
But I don't want to ignore our chat room at live.vognetwork.com.
But Acidic Vampire says, I don't drink soda much, water, or iced tea.
You know, there's a lot of people that when you drink soda a lot, it's kind of like one of the first things you kick when you decide you're going on a diet or whatever.
And it can be effective.
Like I stopped drinking Mountain Dew once.
I lost like 10 pounds alone.
Yeah, I could do that, but I'm not.
ImmortalKing in our chatroom says, Give yourselves credit.
You've made a lot of exclusives.
Well, all right.
Maybe a few here or there.
There may have been some like a week or two ago regarding a new console or anything.
Perhaps.
But we don't talk about that kind of stuff because everyone's going to forget it anyways.
And BobbyBlackWolf saves the day saying, Chat.VogNetwork.com, which I almost said, that will work too.
So you can use live or chat.
It's the same darn thing.
But let me pose this question to you and pose this to the chat, going back to Gaikai a little bit.
How would you feel if they came out and said, and I know this probably is not going to happen, disclaimer, but how would you feel anyway if they came out and said, and on the PlayStation 4, we're not going to have discs anymore.
You're going to buy your games in your virtual library, but you'll be able to stream them on demand.
And we hear that that's your option for the next console.
It's basically a Gaikai slash on live slash whatever console.
How would you feel about that?
Would you still be on board with gaming or would you be out?
Absolutely would not be buying that console because I don't want to have to fucking deal with that shit
And when you say fucking deal with that shit, is it just you're pissed because you won't be able to rampantly mod things like you've been able to do before?
I mean, it kind of puts the kibosh on all of that.
No, not even at all.
It's just I have to, you know, stream stuff.
I mean, I have an internet connection one day or, you know, who knows?
I mean, the internet's not always reliable.
I should say your internet connection's not always reliable.
That's very true.
We ran into that a couple weeks ago on the show.
So, I mean...
I don't really... I mean, it's fun to play, you know, let's imagine a world that this actually is going to happen, but it's never going to happen because they built a monster that exists out there that is their market share and there's no fucking way of getting rid of it.
Because, honestly, you know, if they decided, hey...
We're gonna put out a console that's only gonna be able to stream games.
You're not gonna be able to buy it at the stores.
The games will be like, who the fuck's gonna sell your console?
Your accessories, your points cards, all of that shit, your video cables.
Oh!
Oh, oh, oh, now you need us?
Oh, and you're not going to give us any of that software money?
Well, fuck you guys.
Good luck selling your console on your own.
And that's honestly the situation that's going to be in because there's definitely no money to be had in consoles and definitely not much money to be had in accessories.
So it's got to come all from the games.
And even though the profit margin in games aren't that great either, but...
Thanks for watching!
Definitely a lot of negative reaction to my question in chat, which I kind of expected.
I think we all did.
But a lot of the reasoning focusing on the maintenance of your connection, that you can't always trust your internet connection to be stable, which I can definitely support.
Acidic Vampire says, if it's streaming, what if your net connection slows down, therefore your game stutters?
Yes.
Ragenator says, I want systems with optical storage if only due to backwards compatibility.
Raymu says, suppose you can't connect to the internet.
GameGuru says, screw that, I'll just stick with Steam then.
Interesting point about PC gaming.
I mean, streaming's been available on PC for a bit now and it certainly hasn't killed Steam.
Not by a long shot.
It's just, they're gonna...
They can do that as another option to say, hey, you know what?
You can either download your game or you can stream it instead.
That's cool that adding options is not a bad thing, but completely removing all other physical options because you want to have control over the content and make sure that there's no piracy and also making sure that
I don't know, whatever other reasons it has so that they have all the money, profit from it.
It's just, it's not going to work.
Let me read a couple other very strong comments from chat.
MegaboyX says, I will never buy a system unless I can own physical copies of the games.
Which...
Some people want that type of control.
You technically don't own those, but you know.
Yeah, we could get into that whole thing.
But I mean, Alan, remember I plugged, or Alan was here on the show last week and he plugged his eBay auctions and I plugged them on Twitter and stuff.
He made decent money off those sales last week.
I mean, they were old Game Boy Advance games, but apparently some of them are very hard to come by, especially in other countries.
So he did pretty well off that.
Um, so, you know, being able to resell your games when you need a little cash, I think is something we all kind of like to have that kind of investment there.
I guess maybe it's like leasing a car versus buying a car.
I don't know.
Uh, let me read the most blunt comment in chat though.
I want to talk about this for a minute.
Blender at live.vognetwork.com says, they do that Sky and I'm done gaming.
That's probably the bluntest comment I've seen, but I can't say I blame him.
Go ahead.
Not to sound real disastrous or dramatic or whatever, but I've often wondered...
If that's what's ultimately going to cause the end of OLR, especially when I see these stories about Xbox will prevent used game sales, PlayStation gets Gaikai and maybe will stream only, although they probably won't, and all this other stuff, I sometimes wonder, I wonder if there's going to be another video game crash, and we're just going to stop being fans of gaming, and that's ultimately what's going to probably end this show.
No, that's not going to happen at all.
And here's why it's not going to happen.
Because, you know, all that's going to mean, you know, just because a console fails or an idea fails doesn't mean the whole industry is just going to go belly up.
I mean, look at it.
Let's say the PlayStation 4 actually... Let's say Sony is stupid enough to actually say, okay, we're going to make this console streaming only.
Well, you've got other console manufacturers that don't necessarily have to follow that.
And, you know, we know that the Wii U is not going to be that way.
So, I mean...
that's just stupid right there so people just won't buy the PlayStation 4 instead let's assume that all of them are really dumb and they all decided to go that way well hey you know you don't have to give up gaming I mean hello there are how many generations of fucking game systems you can't tell me you played every single fucking game that's in existence I mean there's plenty to keep you entertained until you're dead I mean seriously you don't need to it's true it's very
You don't need to buy brand new fucking games.
And hello, you could go play on a PC because none of that bullshit's there.
Or you could just indie games.
Yeah, indie games.
There's a ton of shit out there that you can be playing.
You don't need to be relying on, well, all these new systems have to be successful.
Yeah, you won't have these really great games that are on consoles because you don't want to stream everything, which is fine because I don't blame you.
And also, it's not going to work anyways because why...
Why am I going to stream all this content to my system and then hit my bandwidth caps for my internet providers?
We're just not in a world right now where it's viable to do that.
Hey, Comcast is up in that cap to 300, apparently.
Let me put it this way, okay?
I could be rampantly pirating for an entire month and I wouldn't hit that cap, okay?
I mean, it's a large cap, but I haven't ever done streaming constantly with gaming and stuff, and honestly, I don't want to do that.
I haven't tried it on live.
GameGuru in chat says, I don't think there will be another game crash.
If anything crashes, it will only be the console industry, save Nintendo, who lived through that shit.
And I think Nintendo didn't really live through it, at least not in America.
I mean, I can't speak to really Japan, but...
And I'll see you next time.
Don't run around crying, you know, OLR threatens to end.
No, because funny enough, I arrived at a similar conclusion that, well, we could always talk about classic games and food.
There's never going to be nothing that we can't... I mean, just because... I mean, let's say the industry crashes.
What are we going to have?
Just real quick, BlackWolf clarifies the arcade games were out before the crash.
So Donkey Kong and stuff was out around that time.
There's plenty of stuff to talk about.
There's plenty of stuff.
When I...
All of a sudden go, well, I can't buy a new system.
I just hate games now.
I'm just going to leave.
We would just have to change the format again.
But anyway, let's not go further down that road because that's not going to happen for a long time.
And there are, you know, I'm sure by the time the next E3 rolls around and we actually get to see these consoles and the offerings, there'll be a little more excitement.
At least I hope to hell there are.
If not, we'll talk about the PlayStation 3 and the 360 a little longer.
They're not going to go streaming only.
It's just not going to happen.
All right.
Live.VogNetwork.com again if you want to participate along with the show and offer up your chat comments.
Let's get into our gaming weeks.
Going back to the present a little bit or maybe games, classic games that you've been playing this week.
DarkSakura, if she was here, she told me to say this to you listeners.
She would be talking about Garrus and more Garrus.
She has been playing more Mass Effect 3.
I think she's at least halfway through the game.
She did get to romance Garrus again in Part 3.
I know that.
Her femshep and Garrus went on their little date.
It sounds to me like she's about half to two-thirds way through the game.
Hopefully by next week's show, since you know because she ain't here and she's at home recovering and resting her voice and all that, she's playing Mass Effect.
She'll probably have that stuff beat by next week, so we can ask her about the ending.
Woo!
Anyway, so I know that's DarkSakura's Gaming Week.
Let's go to Loki's Gaming Week.
Well, I started off by finishing up playing Ultimate Collector Garage Sale, which is the game that's tied in with that Ready Player One contest.
Fucking hated that game.
Ever fired my body, so I wanted to get that out of the way, and I did.
I finally got the DeLorean in-game, got my, you know...
Leaderboard Position, and have the new website for the last challenge, which will open up on Wednesday, August 1st.
Well, actually, technically Tuesday night, because it's Eastern Time, which I've already made plans on how I'm going to tackle that, including staying up all night if I have to, because that's the one that's actually going to count.
because right now it doesn't really matter what your position is even though it was number 14 for the second challenge.
I was going to say, I heard that you placed like 14.
Does that mean you're number 14 overall right now?
It doesn't matter.
It's just for fun, the leaderboard.
It's just how fast you completed the second one.
But it's really the last one because it's whoever completed the first two challenges and whoever finishes the last one first is going to be...
It, and they said it's really hard, the last challenge, but, I mean, we'll see.
I bet it's gonna be something like, it's gonna be like Super Meat Boy Hard, or like The Impossible Game, or VVVV, but like even harder.
I hope it is something like that, because I've actually played quite a bit of that stuff.
I bet it's going to be one of those style of games that's going to just make you want to poke your eyeball out.
I don't care.
That'd be fun.
And you know what?
I'd rather have it be that than wanting to poke my eyeballs out for playing that stupid Ultimate Collector thing, which is so goddamn boring.
There is a trick to it.
I mean, you just have to get a lot of friends on Facebook that are playing that, and so I did that, and I was able to, because you can send energy to each other, and that's how you can do it without having to pay anything.
I have to play this a little bit because this is a link that Alan sent me on my Facebook this week.
It's off of Tumblr and it's credited.
The source is KidXForever.
I have no idea.
It's Tumblr.
I can never tell how this works and who gets credit for it.
But here you go.
It's somebody playing the Impossible game and giving their commentary.
And this is what I picture Loki is going to sound like during that final gate competition.
Oh, it says Achievement Hunter.
Yeah, it's a Rooster Teeth thing.
Oh, okay.
Then there you go.
It's Rooster Teeth.
So here you go.
Let me play a little bit of this here if I can.
So they're hopping along to the bricks.
He'll fuck up here in a minute.
Oh, that's pretty hard.
That's probably the type of thing you're going to have to play.
Holy shit, this is way harder than the original.
This is like two seconds!
This is the beginning of the fucking level, and it's like double spikes, triple spikes, fucking shit you gotta jump over, it's fast as fuck too.
God damn it!
Come on you fuck, come on you fuck.
God damn it!
Motherfucker!
I always fuck up that last part.
By last part, I mean the end of the very first fucking- Okay, the video goes on like that for like five minutes, but that's totally gonna be you that night playing that game.
God damn it!
They just fucking did this so they don't have to fucking give the DeLorean away.
Motherfuckers!
First that fucking Facebook game and now this shit.
Well, on top of the DeLorean thing, let's just, you know, let's say I won that thing.
I'd have to still fucking drive to LA and pay the taxes and pay whatever goddamn registration, insurance, all that shit.
It sounds like a big pain in the ass, actually, but I still want to win.
who doesn't want to win who doesn't want to win exactly speaking of which uh that reminds me actually um uh there's a Call of Duty 3 tournament down here in Stockton um one of my customers is actually having it and I need to find someone to play with me because none of my friends want to go and that kind of sucks so anyone that listens that's in Sacramento that happens to be somewhat good at Call of Duty Modern Warfare 3 hey you might be interested in
and that ain't me you may you know interesting going down see because I thought my old co-worker might want to but he has his kids you know they're divorced and shared custody so he has his kids on this on that Saturday I'm like ah otherwise we'd fucking tear that shit up but um wait so you have to have like a partner yes I think it's two on two uh so if you want to team up with Loki so this you got to be local though you gotta be local but uh and don't be scary
Yeah, Stockton's scary enough.
We don't need any scary people, you know, meeting me down there.
But, you know, at least that's what I'm thinking right now.
I haven't really discussed with the wife yet.
But, you know, I... Well, because I wanted to see if I could even get someone.
Because, you know, what's the point of me just going down there?
But, yeah, it might be fun.
There's cash prizes involved.
So, you know, it'd be cool.
I don't know if there's that many people down there.
But, anyways.
So, other things to play this week.
Minecraft.
You know, playing Minecraft a lot.
Yeah.
I finally got the achievement for On a Rail, because my rail system goes really far.
The other thing, though, is I'm not sure how... Bobby was talking about that he got that achievement, too, and I was wondering in the back of my mind, did he go over to Loki's World to do it?
No, he did not.
Wow, good job, Bobby!
Because I didn't know he was building a big rail system.
I knew you were.
He has an underwater rail system.
I actually saw there was a micro thread on the VOG forum that I saw his thing.
I'm going to get the achievement by just going to Loki's world.
I ran into a problem where I accidentally I was trying to get into one of my minecarts and it just it caught one of the powered rails and just kept going so I'm like oh that's fine I'll just catch up with it at the end and it never appeared so I'm like does the game just lose track of these minecarts because that's gonna fuck up my entire system if I have these minecarts going around they just disappear because oh it's too far away that might be a problem so um I don't know what I'm gonna do there that that's a an issue um
But yeah, it's been fun playing that.
And then a little bit of Modern Warfare 3.
Bobby says the one that he built was actually above ground.
He couldn't get the underwater one to go long enough.
So there you go.
Anything else you want to share with your gaming week?
That's it.
My gaming week.
I've actually still been playing more Final Fantasy XI.
It's kind of what I've been playing instead of WoW because there's really nothing to do in WoW right now unless I want to level an alt.
So I'm really kind of just burned out on it.
So my MMO time and playing with friends a little bit has been Final Fantasy
