Tonight, July 22, 2012, has a hugely anticipated title being cancelled, Microsoft secretly
steps up security and Steam heads to another platform.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of Orange
Lounge Radio.
It is episode number 466 for this July the 22nd of 2012.
We're here to talk about video games and the gamer culture, the gamer lifestyle with you
guys who are participating live at the VOG Network, live.vognetwork.com to get in the
chat room and chat with us.
And of course, we want to acknowledge the folks listening along in the podcast form
as well.
I know a lot of us listen to us on their Mondays to help get through the work day or throughout
the week or what have you.
So thanks for tuning in and thanks for participating in the not-live format.
We just are very happy to have you all here.
My name is Rob Roberts and I'll be joining you over the next few hours with my co-host,
DarkSakra, not here tonight.
She is in Las Vegas.
I'll come back to that in just a minute, tell you a little more about that.
But joining us tonight here in studio, we do have Techmaster Loki.
Hi.
How are you doing, Loki?
I'm doing good.
You are playing a game over there that you're giggling like crazy over.
What is this?
I want to be the guy Gaiden.
Oh dear.
Oh dear.
I remember I Want to Be the Guy was one of those like impossible games, right?
I just like the look of it now because it's all 16-bit-ish now and it's, you got a lot
of homages.
Well, obviously the first one had a lot of homages to stuff, but I mean the first level
is it's bionic panda, so I mean it's pretty awesome.
What is the appeal of these games that are just impossible to beat?
Is it the whole- It's not impossible.
They're just really hard.
Next to impossible.
Well, here's the thing.
I have a couple reasons why I'm playing.
One because it's fun.
Well, it's hard, but it's still fun.
Two because I'm thinking one of two things is going to happen for the next gate challenge
for Ready Player One stuff.
It's going to either be a game that's hard like this or it's going to be a text adventure
game.
Be my guess.
I'm not good at either one of those.
It's time to go back and study up on Zork.
Pretty much, yeah, because that was one of the challenges in the book was Zork.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
You are standing in front of a White House.
There is a mailbox here.
What do you do?
Open mailbox.
Take letter.
You better read up on your FAQs for the old school Zork games.
All right.
Well, also joining us here, since Star Soccer is not here, we like to invite other people
to come on and host, and we have our old favorite standby host who doesn't have a choice because
he lives here.
Say hello to Allen.
Hello.
How are you, Allen?
I'm great.
Awesome.
Thanks for coming back tonight.
You're welcome.
What's new with you?
You're like, I asked a bunch of people, I can't get a guest host.
You have to do it.
And I was like, oh, so I'm like sixth choice.
That's great to hear.
I asked one other person and then I was too lazy to ask anyone else.
So I just, you know, tap, tap, tap.
And the other person I asked was Flaco Jones, who, you know, to be fair, was here that night.
He's bad luck.
He's me.
He makes power go out.
Yeah, it's true.
Maybe it's best you stay away.
I'm kidding.
I'm kidding.
I'm kidding.
But he has like babies and things.
Yeah.
When you have babies and things that, you know, priorities and all this stuff.
I understand.
Going to our chat room, the always present fourth guest on our show at live.voggenetwork.com.
Act Def starts us off tonight.
Allen, the host without a choice.
All right.
Well, Dark Sakura isn't here tonight.
She's in Las Vegas and she's at a wedding.
She is at the wedding of Tiara and Dan.
And you may or may not recognize those names.
Tiara is somebody, she's been on OLR before, but not like in a really long time, but she
came up here to Sacramento because Tiara and Jamie have been friends for a very long time.
But Tiara and Dan are both two of the big writers at the site Geek Life or geek-life.com.
And we've done a lot of stuff with them over the years.
They've been really wonderful in promoting us and we've tried to promote them where we
can.
They got married today, geek-life.com.
A geek wedding happened today in Las Vegas.
And of course, since Jamie and Tiara go way back, she flew down there for the wedding.
So I think that's great.
What geek theme do they have for the wedding?
I know they had like a giant doctor who doctor who everything.
Yeah.
It's like they had like a giant doctor who TARDIS cardboard thing.
And the cake topper is them.
Yes.
Yeah.
Is it might be Amy and what's his name?
I think they're, yeah, it's kind of like, he's got red hair and TRS got red hair.
Exactly.
He's got his doctor who characters.
Well, you can read more about it at geek-life.com because Tiara does a series called Bride and
the Geek or is it Beauty and the Geek?
Now I sound like a terrible person because I don't know the name.
I think it's Beauty and the Geek, actually, but it's about them setting up and planning
their wedding.
And I thought it was a really cute series, even if the name escapes me right now, because
I'm under pressure.
But Dark Sakura will be back next week.
But we can certainly understand she wanted to go to the bachelorette party, which looked
like it was last night.
And I think they checked into a chocolate place.
So you know, with girls, if they're not going to go see the stripper thing and do that,
what do girls love more than strippers?
Chocolate.
So it makes sense that they would go to a chocolate place of which I guess there is
one in Vegas.
Let's see.
Immortal King in our chat room says Dark Sakura too busy dodging the bouquet.
You know, Dark Sakura is married.
She's talked about her husband, Dan, several times on the show.
I believe that makes you ineligible to even go out to the floor when they ask where the
single ladies put your hands up, you know, so Dark Sakura would not qualify to catch
the bouquet.
I will point out that I did catch the garter at a wedding a couple of years ago.
That was when Mel and Mel got married.
I caught the garter.
So still waiting.
That's all right, I've caught the garter before too.
All right, um, let's see, uh, also in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com, um, Tiger
Claw says, what Sky is trying to say is tonight's show is a sausage fest, maybe, but we will
open it up to callers later on and maybe some lovely ladies will call in.
Cause I know we do have some gals that listen to OLR or maybe we'll get some emails or some
tweets from all genders later on.
So we'll find out.
We'll probably just get Jim Sally.
Jim Sally does have a baby girl.
Maybe, maybe she'll get on the line and say, or something, whatever babies say.
All right.
Anyhow.
Um, we always like to start off the show with a kickoff topic.
I don't have anything too serious tonight, but I do have one thing that has been dominating
the gaming world this week, especially if you're a PC gamer, steam sale.
That's right.
I want to talk about how has the steam sale damaged your life or your wallet steam sale
going on.
I believe it ends tomorrow.
I don't know if that means tomorrow at 10 AM and it's done or if that means there's
like one last final hurrah where everything goes on sale or something.
I don't know.
I got my meta achievement of voting on the community's choice every day, the sale.
So that means today's last day.
That's that.
Well, it says prices through the 23rd so I think today's sales are going to run through
like 2 PM tomorrow and then I think it's going to be over right then it's over from yesterday
that expired in eight hours from when I bought them earlier.
Um, so probably, yeah, through tomorrow.
So I wanted to go around and see how did the steam sale wreck your wallet this week?
Uh, Loki, how did the steam sale wreck your wallet?
Well, before I had purchased Skyrim and Borderlands, um, actually it was pretty good this week.
I almost bought, um, Earth Defense Force, Instinct Armageddon, but then I remembered
how much I'd, it was a fun game, but it's not worth owning twice unlike, you know, Earth
Defense Force 2017, which I owned a lot of times.
Um, and then I bought Arma 2, uh, the, uh, the pack they had, it was with, uh, Arma 2
and the expansion for like 20 bucks.
So I got that, almost, I almost considered Sandrais, but I don't want to, um, so we'll
see.
Um, I think, I think that's all I was going to get.
I almost bought Orange Box, but once again, you know, I just don't see myself playing
through Half Life.
I know it's a good game, but I just, when I had the Orange Box, I played Portal and
that was pretty much it.
Although Team Fortress 2 I hear is good, but that's free, so I don't really need the Orange
Box for that.
Um, but yeah, so Arma 2 is only the new thing that I bought, but, uh, I'm looking forward
to checking out DayZ, which is that zombie, uh, thing that they've got.
It's supposed to be all sorts of craziness and boring at the same time.
Isn't the Orange Box have like every Half Life thing in it?
Yeah, it's Half Life, Half Life 2 Episode 1 and Episode 2 and, well, and then the original
game, and then, uh, Portal and Team Fortress 2, but I don't need to play through Portal
again because I've played through that a few times.
I'm pretty sure Alan would tell you Half Life is the best thing you're gonna get.
It's really, I play Half Life 2 and the episodes like twice a year.
But they, the thing is with that is they mark this stuff down all the time, so it's not
like, ooh, I missed my only opportunity for this.
I mean, seriously, they mark this stuff down all the time and I'm sure if I go to a GameStop
or something like that, I'm sure they got a copy of the Orange Box on PC or even Half
Life 2 just sitting there rotting that I could probably take off their hands for, you know,
nothing.
Let me ask a completely random, tangible question because we were talking about Half Life and,
you know, I know that it seems like Valve is trolling you with Half Life 3, right Alan?
Either Half Life 3 or Half Life 2 Episode 3, whatever they wanna do.
But it seems like nothing's ever gonna happen, right?
Yeah, it's now been longer from Half Life Episode 2 today to current day than it was
from Half Life 1 to Half Life 2.
Do you worry that if, you know, Half Life 3 ever does come out at some point that it's
gonna be like Diablo 3 and what I mean by that is, I think most people, not all, but
most people kinda consider Diablo 3 a letdown for a variety of reasons, be it that auction
house or the lack of, you know, offline play or something.
I think the only reason why there hasn't been Half Life 3 is because they need to develop
a new engine.
I mean, they've been using the Source engine forever now, so it's time that they come out
with a new engine.
But let me go back to the question for Alan, do you worry that Half Life 3 may end up being
a disappointment?
Well, it kinda reminds me, you know the series Lost and how weird it was and there was a,
some of the fans were like, they totally know how it's gonna end and the other half of the
fans were like, they're making this shit up as they go along.
Half Life, I'm afraid the story might get too big for them to reign in and the story
might be weird, but otherwise, I mean, it's just gonna be a first person shooter.
It's Valve, Valve's pedigree is very high, so I don't really expect them to drop the
ball that much on it.
Game guru in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com seems to agree with Loki.
I think Half Life 3 will come out if and only if they create a new engine for their games.
They need a Source 2.
I think they are gonna create a new engine for their game because it's getting dated.
But I mean, it's good, they make good games and the engine still looks pretty nice, but
it's just, they're gonna need to come out with something at some point.
I mean, it's gonna have to happen because it's gonna get dated.
Yeah, because Source as it is, which it's the first generation of it was 2003 or 2004
when Half Life 2 came out, it's been updated four or five times.
Yeah.
But it's still the core engine.
Is that what's running Portal 2?
Yes.
Wow.
Yes, it's a modified Source and Left 4 Dead 2 is also a modified Source.
Portal 2 and Left 4 Dead 2 are both, they both still look great, but I understand the
desire to...
It's the physics and stuff.
That's all the same.
Maybe Valve is waiting for the next wave of consoles, maybe at this point don't make a
PlayStation 3 game.
They just need to come out with a game that's just all the Source games kind of combined
in the one.
You got a little bit of Half Life, you got a little bit of Portal in there, a little
bit of Left 4 Dead, just a mix, you know, just a mixing of everything.
A little bit of Team Fortress 2.
Half Life 2 Episode 3 was supposed to heavily involve Aperture Science.
And because Portal was such a huge hit, it almost makes me wonder if they want to keep
those worlds separate now.
Because you're supposed to go up to like the North Pole or the South Pole to find the ship
and blah, blah, blah.
So yeah, Aperture Science was supposed to be in Episode 3 and now I don't know if they're
trying to write their way around that.
Because of all the story in Portal 2 about Aperture Science, certainly.
Yeah.
That could be an interesting monkey wrench.
Anyhow, I didn't mean to get us too far on the tangent.
Let's go back to how Steam Sale wrecked your week.
Anything else, Loki, that you bought on the sale?
No, that was it.
Just those three games.
I'll go.
I bought Civilization V for Alan because just like how I bully him into coming on this show,
clearly, I'm going to talk to him about playing Civ V with me.
Aren't you excited?
Yes.
I installed it.
Hooray!
That's progress.
I bought Civ V Gods and Kings for myself because it was like 20% off, which I figured for a
game that's only like two months old is probably as low as it's going to get.
So I bought that.
And I bought a four-pack of Dungeon Defenders because it was cheap and I heard it's kind
of good, so I bought that.
Why'd you buy four of them?
So that I could give Alan one and I gave one to another.
I gave one to Shane.
What is Dungeon Defenders anyway?
I haven't decided what I'm doing with the fourth one yet.
It's co-op tower defense, I think.
That sounds fun.
Do you not have it, Loki?
I don't have it.
Well, now you do.
There's my fourth copy.
There you go.
Sweet.
I bought it for Loki.
I did it for you, bro.
Thank you.
All right.
There you go.
That's one genre I haven't really gotten into.
Tower defense stuff.
Well, actually, I guess I have.
I play the stick war games on the IOS, but I kind of, I don't know, it'd be fun.
All right.
And I'm trying to think.
There was something else.
Oh, yeah.
I bought Skyrim, which I think I talked about on last week's show.
My memory's a little fuzzy, but I bought Skyrim on PC just because I wanted to be able to
mod it.
And, you know, I had it on PlayStation 3, but it's just not, it's not PC.
And I got to say, after installing that high res texture pack and everything, very nice,
very nice, very nice looking game.
And all the mods are very cool and the Steam Workshop, and it's very easy to get that stuff
in there.
And Alan, Alan's great.
He sent me an email saying like, okay, here are the must have mods.
You need this and this and this and this, and he just gave me a list.
All quality of life stuff, like the default UI for inventory and spells is shit.
So here's a mod that makes it pretty.
Tiger Claw, who's participating with the show at live.vognetwork.com says, can your PC run
Skyrim fine?
Yeah, it's running great.
I don't think it's like the highest, highest settings, but my video card's fairly new.
It's only about a year old and, you know, I have a fairly powerful PC.
It's just very loud.
That's the only problem with my PC is that when the fans are running, you should hear
mine because it's under the desk.
That's why it's muted.
Mine's a beast.
Your PC is way better than mine and I run games fine, so you shouldn't have a problem.
My PC at home, I need to upgrade everything on it because, you know, it was back when
the 8800, you know, Nvidia cards were new.
So I have a dual 8800 GTS 512s running SLI and have a dual core because it was a core
2 dual before they had all these i5s, i7s and stuff like that.
But it's overclocked to almost 4 gigs.
But it's still, you know, those cards kind of hold it back.
Bobby Blackwolf who tapes before us at 5 o'clock Pacific 8 Eastern at VODnetwork.com every
Sunday night is sending a link that he, I saw your tweet on this earlier, Bobby.
That's how I know what this is.
It's the Minecraft mod for Skyrim that actually changes your companion to Steve the Minecraft
dude and all that.
I'm just afraid once I do start modding this is it's going to get weird really fast because
I'm going to have to get, you know, the macho man dragon mod.
Oh, I got to get that still.
Thank you for reminding me.
That one also, a quick, I guess a, we actually have somebody in chat too named macho man,
so maybe you'll get an, oh yeah.
So there's also, you know, the, in case you're not a macho man fan, they have the My Little
Pony ones that turn the dragons into that and the extra magic, the extra magic one is
pretty cool.
They have different, let's just be real.
It's for the weed smokers.
They have, they have the Brony mod for the weed smokers.
Not that there's anything wrong with that.
I'm just saying.
I just want to see what kind of, I mean it's going to look nothing like that.
That's the fun of it.
Like I've played Skyrim.
Skyrim is fun and I'm still playing it on 360.
I haven't, I haven't picked up DLC cause I think it's a waste of money right now.
But um, I just want to make the PC version look nothing like the original game and just
have it be frigging crazy.
Just batshit crazy.
Black Wolf is also asking in chat, can Alan post his essential Skyrim mod list to the
forums?
Well, I've actually been trying to nudge him into doing an article for the site on that.
Nudge, nudge, nudge, nudge.
Can I talk about the steam workshop?
Yes sir.
As someone who likes to mod PC games, the steam workshop is amazing and how incredibly
easy it is to just install a mod.
And if you don't like it, it's gone.
It's like a one click process within steam.
The problem that I have with it is that a lot of really awesome mod authors aren't on
it just because they don't, they're fine with nexus, which was the old school modding site.
So there's a lot of amazing Skyrim mods, especially UI and quality of life stuff that isn't on
the steam workshop.
So if I make a list, I can say, here's how you install stuff from nexus, but here's the
easy stuff from steam workshop.
I don't know.
I think it's okay.
I have faith that most of our listeners could figure it out.
Well, yeah, a lot of people are intimidated by modding and the steam workshop is absolutely,
it's an amazing progression.
It's very innovative on that stuff, but it's kind of split the community up a bit because
now there's two different sources for mods.
ActDeft is trying to share this mod that he says I should get called the Yay mod.
He says, screw the Macho Man mod, get the Yay mod.
And I'm like, dear God, what is that?
And he sent me a YouTube.
Usually I don't play YouTube on the show without looking at them first, but for Yay mod, I'll
take a risk.
ActDeft don't ruin my show.
Here we go.
Let's see.
So the guys in the dungeon, see what happens.
If you don't know the elements of good cheer yet, you should try out these cheat codes.
I don't know what that's going to do.
All right.
ActDeft when does this get good?
Oh, the guy's typing it in.
Let's see what happens.
I think it was only a minute and a half long.
Come on.
Okay.
Nothing good's happening.
ActDeft you should have just gave you a timestamp and said, bump it to like a minute, five
five.
I'm more interested in this because everything's in German right now.
I'm sure dragon shouts in German are terrifying.
I just realized it says my little pony friendship is magic in the title, so I'm a little worried.
I might need to smoke a little bit of something before this will actually make sense.
Is that the trick?
It's probably a dragon shout that's my little pony.
There's now a dragon shout that says yay.
Now to the fun part with 10 seconds left in the video.
That's it?
Yay.
Oh, and I give that on a scale of one to 10, about a 1.5.
Sorry, ActDeft.
That was the stoppage of the show.
And Bobby Black Wolf in chat said, Wolf rather, that he's installed mods from Nexus.
Nexus does have its own little Nexus mod manager app, but a lot of people are like, I don't
want to install this five meg little weird ass app.
So it kind of has a Steam Workshop alternative, but yeah, I can post all that to the forums.
Sounds good.
Yeah.
Oh, and another thing about the Steam Workshop, and this is because I'm a huge pervert.
Sometimes mods, modders, especially in like the Grand Theft Auto franchise, like to make
people naked or make their clothes really slutty, even if you strip them and they still
have underwear on, just like cleavage and the big boobs, that stuff's not on Steam Workshop.
So if you want an NC-17 R-rated Skyrim, like I do, you're going to want to go to Nexus
for that.
Hey man, they do some good work on Lydia.
Yeah, there's a bunch of Lydia mods where it's not appropriate for this show.
That's what we're talking about, this show is appropriate for everything.
This isn't the Bobby Black Wolf show, Alan.
They have some deep cleavage for those characters.
All right, Alan, what was the damage for you this week, because I know you went shopping.
Oh yeah, I think from the very first day of the sale, I think it's dinged me collectively
for, I want to say 50 or 55 bucks, but it's $3.50 here, $8.99 here.
The big thing that I got was Saints Row 3 was knocked down to like $7.49 and then that
plus all of the DLC, all of it, I think was like $22.99.
So I picked that up, just inhaled all that down.
Spoiler, most of the DLC sucks, actually spoiler, all of the DLC sucks.
One thing I noticed, and you're the one who pointed this out, there's the daily sales
that actually last about two hours.
There are the flash sales and then there are the community vote sales.
Those prices have been cycling through every day or like twice a day every other day for
the whole sale.
It's a genius move on Valve's part because it makes it look like they're putting all
this stuff constantly on sale, but all it is, they have the daily sales and the votes
and the flash sales are just the same things as the daily sales, just cycling through at
random intervals.
It's genius.
If the thing that you voted on for the community sale didn't win, it's probably going to be
a part of the daily sale the next day or the day after, or it'll be one of the flash sales
at the bottom.
So you're going to get that game.
Well, remember that for Christmas because it's too late now.
Because remember when Civ 5, I think, was like, what, eight bucks?
And people were like, fuck, I missed Civ 5 for eight bucks.
It's been eight bucks like three separate times since that you said that.
So they keep bringing those prices back and making us think they're unique.
All right.
So I think we've talked enough about our Steam addiction this week and the stuff we've bought.
Let's get into a similar topic because it's how we always start the show.
How was your gaming week?
What?
Because the Steam sale is just about buying a bunch of games.
It doesn't mean you're going to play them.
So what did you actually play this week?
How was your gaming week?
Sorry.
I had to make one more purchase here real quick.
Oh, God.
What happened?
Just Cause 2 is $3.74.
That game is fucking awesome.
And for $3.74, I have to buy that.
Feed Gabe Newell.
Feed him.
I can't stop.
See, like, before, like, was it the stupid indie?
I blame the humble indie bundles because, God damn it, I didn't have Steam and all this
shit before that.
And now, and now I'm sucked into this.
All right.
Well, I'm not going to tell you not to do it, but I am going to say pause for a minute
and tell us about your gaming week first.
All right.
All right.
Thanks.
So this week, I played Borderlands because I picked it up on the Steam sale on PC.
So I've been kind of going back and replaying that again since I want to kind of remember
a little bit what happens for the, you know, sequel so that I can, you know, bust that
out when it comes out in September.
And it's fun.
I like it.
And of course, I went ahead and modded it again.
It's been a while since I've actually played that game.
So they've patched it a few more times and you can't do some of the really cool guns
that you had before.
But there's still, like, some pretty awesome ones in there that you can mod.
So I have some of those.
I have a pistol now that takes people's heads off and stuff.
Oh, how pleasant.
It just makes them explode, it's like, hi, mirror gun.
So there's that.
And then, let's see, besides Borderlands, I actually finished, I was installing a bunch
of stuff.
I have I Wanna Be The Guy, the original, played a little bit of that, just like maybe 15 minutes
of it.
And then I Wanna Be The Guy, I played a little bit of that.
The only thing I don't like about it, and I'm sure this is on purpose, is like the little,
they have this sort of Super Mario World world select screen or whatever that, of course,
you can die in because, you know, I want to be the guy.
And I don't like the fact that you can't stop moving in that because it's, you know, you
push left to right and your guy just keeps walking and there's a spot where you have
to kind of sit still before, you know, you do something.
So it's a little annoying, but I'm sure it's like that on purpose.
Then I played a little bit of Call of Duty, Modern Warfare 3, we played the new terminal
map that they had, which was kind of a remake from Modern Warfare 2.
And it's a great map, so we've been enjoying that quite a bit.
Haven't really been practicing too much for the tournament coming up, although I have
been playing my class that I'm going to be using for the tournament because, like I mentioned
last week, I'm going to be entering a Call of Duty Modern Warfare 3 tournament one, almost
a week from today.
It's next Saturday, so I'm looking forward to that.
That'll be kind of fun.
Driving down to Stockton for those.
That's next week?
That's next week.
It's going to be a big week next week.
Yeah.
Excited.
I was going to do that.
Minecraft's been playing my new world I started with my coworker, and we've been playing that
just on Easy.
And it's kind of a different type of game.
I created a mob drowning machine thing, so it drowns some of the mobs and some of them
get through.
But it's kind of interesting.
And I don't know, just I think that was about, oh, I had been selling some stuff on eBay.
I guess I must have bought something on eBay not too long ago because I had like $6 worth
of, it was like $6.60 in eBay bucks that they have you earn like, I don't remember what
the ratio is, but you're in like free money basically.
So I was bored one day, I'm like, okay, I never really spend these, so I'm going to
find something that's gaming related under $6.60.
I'm going to try to find the best value for my money.
And so I was searching around and I actually found a digital copy of Child of Eden for
$6.
So I picked that up because that's a no brainer.
So hopefully I'll get back to playing that on the 360 again.
And I think that's all I played this week.
Awesome.
I'll go next because I didn't play a lot of new games this week.
I mean, I think I talked about most of the stuff in the Steam sale.
I didn't play enough Dungeon Defenders to really review it yet.
So I'll come back to that next week.
I did play a little bit of Civ V Gods and Kings, but I didn't, like, you know, you have
to really book out a chunk of time to play that game.
And I started playing it and I didn't really have a whole lot of time and I was playing
sloppy.
And for some reason I decided to go for a military victory and I never do military victories.
And I was spreading myself too thin on all fronts.
So I was getting my butt kicked on like an easy level and I was like, forget it, stop,
delete.
I'll come back to this later.
So yeah.
Didn't really get to do a whole lot there.
Played a little bit of WoW, played a little bit of Mass Effect 3 online on PC.
And I got to admit, I'm a little disappointed.
I'm left with a bad taste in my mouth.
You all know.
Go ahead.
Double fold, there's two reasons, well, one reason for me, two reasons for you on why
it's shitty and why you're not going to play it anymore.
Well, I don't know, like I'm threatening not to play it anymore, but I think we all know
somebody will be like, please come play with me and I'll be like, okay.
But I'm just, I'm really frustrated and a lot of it has to do with connection issues.
Origin, and I hate to say this because I know people that work at Origin, but it's not good.
Like I'm sorry, I can't, I'm really frustrated with it.
And a lot of it has to do with connection issues.
I'm consistently having on Origin and this whole, Alan, you can explain it better than
I can, the two, two people in one place can't battle two people in another place.
So a very obvious four person setup, couple and couple playing the game together.
It won't, yeah.
It won't do it.
Origin won't let you do it.
Yeah.
Cause we're, we play on NAT via router.
We just have the one IP and that's cool.
Rob and myself can go in, we can play our own separate matches.
We can do co-op with two public pugs that we let in through the like the public match.
That's fine.
But Origin, it's network kernel can only keep track of one IP with two sessions on it.
It can't do it for another IP with two sessions on it.
So when we try to play with our friends who are in the exact same setup as us, the third
person could get, could get on.
But when the fourth person tries, they time out.
Or if the match is already in progress, it will time out the person at their house while
the fourth person tries to get in.
I know this makes no sense at this point, but yeah, it's TLDR, it's shitty.
It's shitty and it's peer to peer, which is why it has this problem XBLA and I think PSN
is all server based.
So the matching service on Mass Effect 3 is, is peer to peer and that's why it has all
these problems.
And let me tell you what I've had to put up with to play what is otherwise a great game.
Again, I don't get into online shooter games ever, but Mass Effect 3, which isn't really
a shooter, but it kind of is, like it has defied that trend.
But what I have to do to play this fucking game on Origin, log into the game, wait while
it connects to Origin.
Okay, game is connected to Origin.
Now the menu is up, wait while it loads my galacticness ready, readiness rating or whatever
it's called.
Okay, now select multiplayer, wait for multiplayer to load.
All right, let me connect to my friend.
Wait to connect to the friend.
It takes like four minutes to get into a freaking match.
I bet what it's doing for those first two big lags when it opens up the galactic, I
bet that's all like the DRM, Origin security stuff going through.
It's gotta be.
Which is ridiculous.
Like it's stopped, like do it once, do it once every 10 connections just to stop bogging
my game down because it's really ruining it for me.
And then what really just set me over the edge was that we played a game the other night.
It was me, you and our friend Tim.
We were three manning some bronze maps, which we can do to full extraction.
And we were playing those online.
We played two matches and I got about 30,000 credits.
I leveled one guy from 19 to 20 and another, my engineer from like one to six.
Yeah, lost all that.
After I disconnected from the match, lost it all, rolled back, wrote EA customer support.
Please give me back what I lost.
I got a reply back, sorry, can't do that.
No, you can do it.
You don't want to because you think I'm trying to, you know, get it from you or steal it
from you.
This is ridiculous.
And I'm kind of over it.
Yeah.
Xbox has its share of connection problems too, honestly.
Cause with Mass Effect 3 multiplayer, aside from the galactic readiness and the first
player part of it, there's the challenge.
But then aside from the challenge of shooting shit, you get credits and you buy these goodie
packs and you unlock new characters.
That's why people play Mass Effect 3 multiplayer is because they want to play as a Vortia.
They want to play as an Asari.
So if you're not getting your credits, that's, that's why you're playing is to buy it unless
you want to get Bioware points, but.
Which I refuse to, and then I have saved up for so many of these packs and then this gets
into a little bit of like, you know, it's not fair.
The game's not fair.
I have yet, I've unlocked two characters out of like the 40 there is.
And the way you unlock stuff is ridiculous because it's all RNG.
You buy a goodie box and then pray you get the shit you want in it.
And it's totally random.
So Osfer says in our chat room, just calm down and play the game on 360 after the show
tonight.
We'll have a proper multiplayer game.
Yeah, I can play it on PC.
You can play it on 360.
Maybe.
I mean, I'm not saying no to like playing games on 360, but like all these issues, no
matter what platform, I'm kind of like over Mass Effect 3 multiplayer and I'm ready for
a new game and I'm ready for some single player content.
That's why we're going to play Borderlands, maybe.
Maybe.
Or Civ V, maybe.
You do realize Borderlands 2, you can play split screen on one Xbox 360 system and then
also with that split screen play against other people.
You know, we can do co-op and you can both play on the same TV.
Come to Borderlands 2.
I want to check out Borderlands 1 again.
I only played it a little bit before and got distracted, so yeah, I'll definitely check
that out.
Fantastic.
Yeah.
So, um, yeah, that's my little like origin rant and just, it's, it's, it's set me as
it is setting EA as a company back, but of course EA is doing it to themselves.
So you know, what can you do?
So um, let's see, I guess that's it for my gaming week.
I've ran it enough.
Alan, how about you?
Um, Mass Effect 3, we already talked about that plenty, so I'm not going to get into
that.
LA Noire, which I've been playing, I'm almost near the end.
I kind of want to beat it, not because it's boring, but I am using a FAQ so I can get
everything the first time through and just follow the narrative of it.
And with the FAQ, that game's kind of boring, whereas other games, if you follow a FAQ,
you still have the, the mechanics of it keeping it fun.
So a shitload of LA Noire, um, thanks to the Steam sale, it was dirt cheap.
So I got it for like 10, 12 bucks with it and all the DLC cases, um, enjoying that.
Uh, I was playing Saints Row the third.
I'm on the mission where you parachute onto the top of the building and Kanye West is
playing.
Yeah, that's, it's like an hour or so or so in, um, played a lot with the character creator,
um, in that, uh, oh,
Oh, you have that game on PC, right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
You might check a gentleman of the row.
They have a lot of cool enhancements and stuff for both Saints Row two and Saints Row the
third.
Have you been, uh, have you been laughing your ass off at Saints Row three?
Like I was especially that parachuting thing.
Yeah.
It was funny.
Cause you throw Shonda, you're just like, I'll catch you later.
She's like, I'm dying.
We're falling towards the ground and yeah.
And people are shooting at you with no, no parachutes on.
They're killing themselves trying to kill you.
Um, I installed a game that I hadn't played in a couple of years, postal two for anyone
who remembers that it's actually, it's a really, it's incredibly vulgar and offensive in a
lot of ways, but it's a first person shooter.
It's, you know, data it's seven days of the week I got the expansion.
So I was playing postal two for some reason.
I'm like, I just want to play a really offensive, awful first person shooter.
I think, Oh, um, I guess I'll make this a part of my gaming week.
I decided to check out my PSP, my slim, which is, um, got custom firmware on it.
Just to see if there are any custom firmware updates, keep, you know, up to date, maybe
check out some of the UMDs I have.
And I noticed when I turned it on that there's this weird spotting discoloration splotches
around the border of my screen and I Googled it and it turns out this is a known issue
for older PSPs and we don't live here in Sacramento.
It's like 102 degrees outside right now.
I don't live in San Bruno anymore where it's, where it's foggy, but there's, this is a known
issue.
There's mold under my LCD between the glass and the backlit portion.
It's it's, it's just a slight discoloration.
If Jamie was here, I'd have her take a picture of it and put it on the flicker stream.
Hey, I saw someone else.
But I guess, yeah, this is a thing.
You get mold under your L it's when I'm actually playing, when I'm actually playing like a
bright game, like prep of the rapper, really any game, it's the colors and the movement
doesn't really notice.
I don't really notice it that much, but on like just the crossbar, the menu screen, I'm
like, this sucks.
I don't know if it's mold though cause it's, um, it's almost like just this, the LCD screen
just kind of going out or something cause you can see if you turn it, it changes the
colors and stuff of it.
It looks, and it's, Ooh, it's all splotchy.
Yeah.
Gross.
It's like a disease.
It looks like your PSP has shingles.
You want to put it down.
I don't want to get it.
So yeah, I've heard people say like, not that this is a fix for it, but someone, I was reading
a forum post and someone was like, what if you put it under a UV light for like a day?
Well, the UV light kill them, kill the fungus under there.
And I'm like, I'm not doing that, but yeah, it's, um, if you have a PSP and it's been
in your closet for a year cause you don't play PSP anymore, turn it on and see if it's
got weird splotches under it.
I got 2000 having a really powered it on a long time.
So yeah, my PSP has crud.
Wow.
It needs antibiotics.
You can probably just get a new screen if you want.
All right.
Well, uh, it's not like you leave that thing in the bathroom.
You know, you would like in the bathroom, you might expect to get moldy cause you know,
the steam from the shower and all that, you know, in the living room on our shelf.
Yeah, that's weird.
And when I, when I last turned this on here, it's not even human.
When I, I think I turned this on last around Christmas and it was fine.
So it's something that's happened within the last six months.
Worry about my PSP now.
Yeah.
Cause that's, it's been years for yours and we need to watch the, or we need to turn on
the Vita every couple, you're still watching Netflix on the Vita, right?
Yeah.
All right.
Good.
All right.
Um, well if that's it for your gaming week, let me get into housekeeping real quick and
then we'll get into the news.
Um, some quick housekeeping tonight.
Um, first off the summer fest for PlayStation home is next week.
You can read more about that at the VOG networks website, vog network.com, but we will be live
in PlayStation home kind of being there exploring in the Aurora's space and meeting some people
virtually as well as broadcasting at the same time.
Um, don't worry though if you don't even have a PlayStation three, nothing's going to change
for you.
You just, you know, you won't be able to participate in going into home, but you're not going to
miss anything.
We're still broadcasting the way we always do and all that.
It's just kind of like we'll have a second chat room and PlayStation home that night,
but we're looking forward to it.
It's kind of neat cause you get to involve games and the social aspect of it and maybe
meet some new listeners and some listeners that want to come into the home space.
So it's a lot of fun.
Uh, again, that's happening in the Aurora space during next week's Bobby Black Wolf
show and our show.
For more information, there's a story right in the feature bar at vog network.com.
Um, also please don't forget to add us on Facebook, facebook.com slash orange launch
radio and we are also on Twitter, twitter.com slash O L R.
We have a giveaway tonight.
We're going to do a giveaway in part B and tonight we are giving away, thanks to one
of our listeners and I really appreciate it.
Bhaskar, one of our listeners is giving this away and you can tune into his blog.
I believe it's crit craft is what it's called and going off the top of my head.
So I want to credit his blog for providing this.
It is a beta key for ravaged, ravaged was a Kickstarter funded project and it's now
in beta.
All you need is you need steam.
So we're going to give this away to a random listener in part B. If you want to win this,
you have to be in our chat room and this is important and you have to be checked into
the show, which you can do right now at vog network.com.
You can check in to orange lounge radio right there at vog network.com.
We're going to give away a beta key to somebody in the chat room who has checked into the
website a little later in part B. So stay tuned for that.
Uh, I think that's it.
I feel like I'm forgetting something, but if I think of it, I'll, I'll come back to
it later.
So let's get started with tonight's news in the meantime, Loki.
So I'm sure this is going to come to a shock to a lot of people, but there's a rumor that
final fantasy 13 versus is dead.
I know shocking that, you know, a game that we haven't seen much of for six years, um,
not coming out, but, uh, yeah.
And this is coming from some inside sources, um, that apparently Kotaku is talking to.
And they're saying that, you know, it's officially canceled, but I mean, I don't know if it's
officially canceled or if it's just going to be retitled.
They haven't made a statement, right?
There's no been no PR bulletin or anything.
Okay.
Yeah.
It's, it's, uh, the last thing I think it's, we, we're almost done with preparing our latest
info for the game because of a totally unrelated reason.
There are circumstances in which, uh, that info cannot be released.
So info for that game, maybe it's now no longer versus because honestly, 13 verses, it still
didn't make any sense to me why it's called that because both games, you know, it looks
nothing like final fantasy 13 at all.
And there's nothing so far that they've shown us.
That's led me to believe that's even in the same universe as 13.
I think some of the mythology is supposed to be the same, like the whole lacy and the
fallacy and all that.
I think it's supposed to be like a constant because it wasn't, I want to say it was a
trilogy, but there was the main story and then the two guidance side stories, one for
the PSP and then versus 13.
Yeah.
There's supposed to be some common thread, no matter, regardless of how thin tying it
all together.
Final fantasy, a guy toe or whatever it was called, excuse me, if I'm butchering that
name, it just became fun fancy type zero.
So why wouldn't find fancy 13 versus just become something else, which folks are speculating.
Including me on this show a couple months ago, I think I said, why don't they just make
it final fantasy 15 at this point, it would make a lot of sense because we're starting
to get into the next cycle of consoles yet.
We're supposed to get, I mean, you know, again, square can do whatever they want, but historically
there has always been three final fantasy games on every console.
Think about it.
One through three was on the NES, even though two and three didn't come out here in America,
four or five and six was on the super Nintendo.
Even though five didn't come out in North America, but it did later seven, eight, nine,
PlayStation one, 10, 11, 12, PlayStation two, 13, 14, 13, two, 13, two.
Yeah.
So, and technically 14 isn't out on consoles yet, although it's still slated, I mean, 14,
or we should say 11, two, because it's basically the 11 characters with their names changed.
So they could very well, instead of saying the falsy and lussy or whatever, they could
be like, they're the, we're just going to go back to espers.
They're espers now, or they're summons or they're, um, I don't know, let's make up another
name for summons.
Well, they could just, it's final fantasy blank.
They could think of a name for it, you know, just like there was final fantasy tactics.
It wasn't really a final fantasy game, but kind of in that universe, it was a great game.
Was that kind of a name?
So I don't know.
And you can't count 13, two really as a game in the, I mean, because then you'd have to
count 10, two, and then you'd have to count dirge of Cerberus and it throws everything
off.
So you can't do that.
Those are all spin-offs, but I guess we're going to have a definitive answer come what
September 1st, because there's supposed to be some Tokyo game show at least by then.
Well, square's doing some type of final fantasy.
Like they even said, what is next in the final fantasy 13 universe on September 1st.
And so either that's versus has a new name or it's, or all of this is proven false because
again, it is a rumor.
I mean it, you know, it's not like everything Kotaku's ever said has turned out to be true.
Think about it.
And there's also a possibility and a lot of people are saying, well, what else could they
do?
But final fantasy 13, three, wouldn't that be something?
Which is weird because if it's true that there's a final fantasy 13, three, which would make
a lot of sense.
I think 13 do did pretty good.
It probably wasn't as expensive to make because they made it on the same engine.
They had all that DLC for it, which I'm sure made them money too.
13, three actually makes a lot of sense for them to do.
But it's weird because final fantasy 13 was supposed to be three separate games.
And now final fantasy 13 might, if these theories prove to end up being three games that are
all just one, two, three, final fantasy 13, one, two, three.
It's kind of weird how it transformed like that.
Alan?
And I think the reason why a lot of people are invested in this story is for those who
don't follow Square Enix that closely.
The crew that like the director and the main crew who did the Kingdom Hearts console games
have been working on 13 versus 13 for however five, six years.
So for it to become vaporware maybe would piss a lot of people off because depending
on how tinfoil hat you want to get, the Kingdom Hearts console team has been working on it.
So they need to have a product out so they can work on the next Kingdom Hearts.
I just can't see Square just throwing it away.
I could see where Square has decided Kingdom Hearts three needs to happen now.
And so maybe they have maybe they've said, you know what, guys, you've had this game
for two F and long.
So we're taking it away from you and giving it to this other team.
And we're going to put it out under a new name and you guys go work on Kingdom Hearts
three.
I mean, anything is possible in that regard, but just for them to throw away six years
worth of work.
If you think about everybody's salary that gets paid for that, that's millions of dollars
they're throwing away.
If they do that.
And I highly doubt they're going to be thrown away.
A lot of final fantasy games before remember all that stuff that grin was working on, they
were working on a final fantasy game and that, but that was grin.
That wasn't, you know, I understand that, but they, they're not beyond throwing.
Although some things that they should really throw out 14, um, they just don't and they
hold on.
That's the other thing.
Maybe final, maybe they're realizing they need to rush 15 because 14, they need to erase
14 basically, which is still getting relaunched.
Well, I've also saw speculation that the reason why there's no press release saying yes versus
13, this is what's happened to it, whether it be canceled or whatever is because their
last year fiscally was so bad because of 14 shedding the bed that they're just not putting
out negative press releases anymore because of damage control from 14.
But that's kind of, I don't, that's a thought, um, I don't want to drag this out too long,
much longer.
I want to get to the next story, but I do want to kind of throw this idea out there
because somebody on Facebook had said this and I was like, Hmm, that's a good point.
Is that, well, if they canceled final fantasy 13 verses, why did they just release the theme
song for theater rhythm?
Because theater rhythm has that song as a downloadable song.
So why would they release that if they just canceled the game and tease this final fantasy
13 verses?
Of course, this could be the case of Square Enix being a giant company.
The left hand hasn't told the right hand theater rhythm DLC team what's going on, but I thought
it was an interesting point.
So, all right, let's move on to another story.
This is about the Xbox 360 and something that's developing on the 360, but we didn't hear
anything about it at E3, but this totally seems like the type of thing they would have
announced, but I guess they didn't.
It's something called Avatar fame stars.
Now a trademark for the game had turned up earlier in the year, but now we're starting
to see this actually appear in games, such as Wreck-A-Tear, not to be confused with the
game that's on Steam.
This is Wreck, like Wreck-It Ralph, Wreck-A-Tear.
It is part of Microsoft Summer of Arcade series, and it is including this Avatar fame stars.
What is this?
Quote, Avatar fame stars is a new program for Microsoft Studios and is part of a select
group of games that delivers new and exciting ways to play online with your friends and
compete for social recognition, according to Microsoft.
I guess this is supposed to include in-game challenges, and this sounds kind of like rebranding
of shit that's already been there, because if you do these challenges, or I thought achievements,
in these Avatar fame star games, you get rewards based on your fame star points.
Oh, so like rewards for my avatar.
Doesn't that technology already exist on the 360?
Like I could swear that if you play, like, Super Meat Boy, you get a t-shirt, or Minecraft,
and there's tons of that type of stuff in games.
So I'm trying to figure out, like, what is this?
But I guess what they're doing is instead of it being game by game by game, this is
one gigantic pool.
So like, you know, if a game is participating in this pool, then you, you know, get the
points and the achievement points towards a common unlock.
That's like the difference, which is a little weird, but that's how it works.
So the rewards cross from game to game, as does the points total.
Avatar fame stars is locked to your Xbox 360.
They're saying it's possible this is something that could spill over to Windows 8, Surface
tablets, Windows phones, who knows.
Other games that will include Avatar fame star support, Full House Poker, World of Kieflings,
so games that already exist, it's gonna be kind of patched in, Fire Pro Wrestling, Home
Run stars, Avatar, Motocross, Madness.
We don't know when the already existing games will have it patched in or when all these
other games are coming out, but I guess if you're into collecting Avatar awards, there
you go.
I don't know about you guys, but pretty much every Avatar on my friends list is all wearing
Mass Effect garb.
Not me, though.
I actually tried to make my Avatar look like me.
I was a sucker and I spent like 120 Microsoft points to get a stupid hat for my Avatar that
looks like a hat I would wear out to a club, because I am a sucker.
Anyhow, let's move on with some more news.
So Valve is always trying to do great and interesting things with Steam.
It's a gaming store and application.
They brought Steam to Mac and Apple platforms, and they also invented Steam Play, which is
where if you buy a license for one game on PC, you get it for Mac and vice versa, and
now they're bringing Steam to Linux.
So there's gonna be a Steam client for Linux.
They are using the Ubuntu distribution, and for people who aren't familiar with Linux,
there's different revisions of it based on which company wrote that build of it, and
there's Red Hat and Corel and Ubuntu.
So yeah, that's what they're going for, because it's sort of the popular make of it right
now.
And the first game that they're porting to, their first party title that they're bringing
to Steam Linux is Left 4 Dead 2.
And they've been working on it since last year, 2011, and I guess there will be an internal
beta of Steam on Ubuntu in the near future.
So they've announced that it is coming soon, and Left 4 Dead 2 is the first title they're
bringing to it.
If other developers want to port their games over to Linux, this Valve is making the distribution
model for it.
You ran a Linux box for a while, didn't you?
Kind of, yeah.
I had a FreeBSD box.
That was a long time ago, back when I was trying to host my own domain name and be a
super nerd.
Let me ask this question.
I'm gonna take it back a huge step here.
I'm gonna want to ask this question, because I seriously think a lot of people don't know
the answer to this.
And I think sometimes the hardcore computer people, super nerds, don't realize that a
lot of people don't get this, or maybe they do, I don't know.
But why would someone want to have a Linux machine?
What does Linux do for you that Windows doesn't?
Uptime.
A well-made Linux install.
You just have your computer on all the time.
You don't lose any performance.
You can put...
The terminology, I haven't touched this stuff in, seriously, like ten years.
But it's not...
When people think Linux or Unix, they think of sort of like MS-DOS prompt, like just a
text terminal.
But that's not the case.
Linux has visual Windows-ish interfaces now.
If you're into independent software, like really independent, Linux has got a huge community.
People making apps for each other, I don't know, it's just all about the...
If you do have a good internet connection, you wanna host your own email, host your own
domain names, host your own web server, blah, blah, blah, you're gonna be running some flavor
of Linux on that box, if you wanna do all that in-house.
Look at all these nerds in our chat room, and I say that lovingly.
Black Wolf says, I've had a free BSD server up for over 1,000 days.
Uptime.
Uptime.
My home box was up for 400 days until I rebooted it recently.
Tiger Claw says Linux is commonly used to run servers, especially for online games.
Game Guru says Linux is generally more secure than Windows.
Is that though because just less people use it?
It's kinda like the whole, well, Apple never gets hacked, because there's less people on
those systems than there are on...
Well, there was a problem in the early 2000s where certain distributions of Linux, if you
just put it on a machine, would have its email relay turned on by default.
So if someone found your IP address, they could just spam the shit out of everybody
using your server, and you would never know.
So if you don't know what you're doing, people can do nasty things on your Linux box.
But then that's your problem, it's you being an idiot, not the software being built flawed.
Well Technus says, I like Linux, I hate the elitist community that comes with it.
Yeah, FreeBSD versus Linux, or just the StarBSD versus StarLinux, that's some Star Wars Star
Trek shit.
Like, there's Switchblades, and people get shivved in alleyways, it's very brutal.
So Steam on Linux, do you think that would be well received by the community?
Or do you think it'll be like, ugh, commercialism?
Well, they would have to run, if they really wanted to play Windows games on Linux, they
would have to do, I think, it's called Wine, which is kind of like, I think, Bootcamp.
A lot of people on the internet wine very well.
It's like Bootcamp or Parallels, I think, on Mac, where you can run Windows through
it.
So if people wanted to play PC games, but they just, I don't want a PC box in my house,
I don't want a partition of a hard drive, god damn it, this will allow them to do that,
for at least for Left 4 Dead 2.
Anything else, if they don't want to have a Windows box or a Windows partition, they're
going to have to mess with it.
Alright, BlackWolf says very clearly, Wine is not an emulator, it basically implements
the Windows DLLs on Linux.
Okay.
Alright.
It's a little correction.
Yep.
Because remember, Linux, elitist, right Bobby?
I'm just, I'm giving him a hard time.
Alright, GameGrew says Left 4 Dead 2 is a good choice, it's a rather complex source
game.
That's true, if you can get that on there, then that opens the door to a lot of other
games.
I want to go on to the next story, Loki, I want to, Wine actually stands for Wine is
not an emulator.
Yeah, I think I actually knew that, but I'm so far removed.
10 years, just saying old age.
Yeah.
Alright.
I want to go back to a comment that came up in chat earlier, because this is a very important
clarification to something I had brought up a minute ago.
Ospher in our chatroom says, for the Theatrhythm DLC for Somnus from Final Fantasy Versus 13,
it labels the song as just from the Final Fantasy series, but not which one.
Maybe that's a sign of the name change that they don't want to reveal yet.
That is huge, that is a big deal, I think that's worth stating, so thank you for saying
that, Ospher.
I think that is, if they didn't label it as Versus 13, then yes, a name change is coming,
or question mark, question mark.
I think you're right.
Very interesting.
Alright, back to news, sorry, Loki.
Alright, so let's talk a little bit about Fez, and Fez had an issue with one of its
recent patches, where not a lot of people, but some people were having issues with their
save games being obliterated, and of course, because of that, Polytron pulled back the
patch that they put out, and they were gonna release a second patch to fix that problem,
however they said no, because it was gonna cost them $10,000 to get the game recertified
by Microsoft, and so they're just saying, well, you know, if any players have an issue
with the game, your save's being deleted since you're only like 1%, kinda tough luck, you're
just gonna have to deal with it.
So of course, they made the comment, you know, had Fez been released on Steam, we wouldn't
have this issue, because updates are free.
But I believe the designer of Fez said it's not a PC game, didn't want it on PCs, so...
Exactly.
And then they said no, well, does that mean a Steam version is in progress?
Only a few months left for Xbox Live Arcade exclusivity, they said.
Microsoft of course responded, saying, you know, that Polytron and their investors, Trapdoor,
made the decision not to work on an additional title update for Fez.
Microsoft Studios chose to support this decision based on the belief that Polytron slash Trapdoor
were in the best position to determine what the acceptable quality level for their game
is.
And while we do not disclose the cost of title updates, we do offer, we did offer to work
with Trapdoor and make sure that wasn't a blocking issue.
We remain a huge fan of Fez.
So I don't know if that means, okay, we're not gonna charge you 10,000, but we'll charge
you 7,500.
Discount!
Discount.
I mean, I don't really know what these issues...
Apparently Microsoft patches are available in the Steam sale.
But here's my thing.
I mean, it's problems, first off, you know, it is closed system, so Microsoft can charge
you whatever the hell you want.
But when you make your game, you're well aware of what those costs are gonna be before you
make your game.
And they probably thought, okay, well that's no problem, we're not gonna have an issue
with this stuff.
But then some bugs went through, and so they released a patch, which obviously they did
not test well enough.
And if it's only having the 1% of the people at the time, see, I don't understand how a
save game problem can only be having the 1% of the people, because that's, you're basically
running on systems that are all the same.
You know, I don't understand how it can affect one and not the other.
But whatever.
So they released a patch that they didn't test well enough, and now they're complaining
that they would have to pay more money out of their pocket to, you know, fix the game.
And I understand that this developer is not as big as, like, Activision, who releases
like 13 goddamn patches for Call of Duty, and...
But they were in Indie Movie the Game, surely they must be, er, Indie Game the Movie.
Wow.
They were in Indie Game the Movie, surely they must be rich.
Well, I don't know if that's the case, but, you know, maybe $10,000 is too much.
Maybe they're kind of like opportunity cost, we can either fix it for the 1%, but are we
really gonna recruit this money in additional sales, or do we just leave it as it is, and
hopefully it doesn't affect that many more people, and we'll just, you know, keep the
money where we're at.
I think that's kind of where they're at, is that they didn't want to spend the money.
It's a tricky issue though, because like on one hand I'm like, wow, that's kind of fucked
up of Microsoft to charge so much money, but on the other hand I'm like, well it also really
encourages people to get it right the first time, so you can't blame them.
As it is, games are patched left and right anyways, and, um, you know, I think that it's
a good thing that they do charge that kind of money, because it does discourage them
from like going, well fuck it, we didn't really test this game, so we're just gonna release
it out there, we'll see what kind of bugs people run into, and then we'll go fix it.
I should be able to get a refund when their game is buggy as hell.
Although, granted, it's only affecting less than one, or whatever it is, 1% of people,
but if I'm in that 1%, I should be able to get my money back, don't you think?
You'd have to make the argument with Microsoft.
Welcome to the world of digital distribution.
Yeah.
They just take customer service right on out of the picture.
But to be fair, it's not necessarily Microsoft's fault that that game doesn't work.
It's just being hosted on their servers, it's the developer and publisher that decided,
hey, we don't want to pay money to fix this game, so you're gonna have to go ask them
for your money back.
Yeah, but it's on their system, it's only on their system, they kind of own it a little
bit too.
You know?
I mean, whether they want to or not.
But it's not their fault, though.
I know.
That's like saying, you know, oh, that game is, you know, this game is buggy, and just
because it happens to be on Xbox 360, I'm gonna blame Microsoft for it.
It doesn't make any sense, because they're just providing the system that it runs on.
Their system's not causing the problem.
At least I don't think it is.
All right, well, let's move on to a different topic that apparently is causing a big problem
in the iPad world, or iOS.
But this particularly is for the iPad.
And Alan, I'm pretty happy that Maruko in Sanrio, your cats, aren't into playing games
on my iPad.
Because apparently...
They're too old.
They don't care.
They don't care anymore.
Well, apparently, there is an iPad app out there called Games for Cats.
It's an iPad game that is actually aimed at cats, you know, for them to, like, paw at
the iPad.
I would be worried about them scratching it up, but I guess it doesn't...
Yeah, I'm incredibly against decline cats, because they actually remove, like, it's part
of the bone.
Yeah.
So you're taking off, like, half their finger.
So I think that's wrong.
But if you don't have a declawed cat, why is it pawing at your iPad?
It costs, like, $800.
What is wrong with you?
I don't think the glass scratches that easy from cats scratching it.
I mean, like, my cat scratches our LCD TV, and...
I wouldn't want to take that chance, because I look at the sofa, and I'm like...
Well, that's the sofa.
That's where, you know, you've got material where the cat's claws are getting caught in.
Cats have already...
The cats have already fucked up the bed.
I don't even...
Yeah, but we're talking glass.
We're talking glass that's meant to, you know, withstand, you know, quite a few scuffs.
You know, obviously dropping it on something, or scraping it on something sharp, you know,
might cause a scratch.
But it's...
The cat claws aren't strong enough to cause a lot of scratches.
And there's folks in the chat saying they...
Bobby Blackwolf says their claws don't scratch the screen.
They've tested.
Plus...
I hear that.
I just don't believe it.
Plus the bottom of their feet.
The bottom of their feet are nice and soft.
So whatever scratches they put in there, they buff right out.
So it's fun.
Yeah, when a cat bats at something playfully, it doesn't have its claws out, but when it's
trying to scratch, like when it's trying to fuck up a chair, it's trying to clean its
claws on it.
So yes, its claws are out.
But it's not going to do that on an iPad.
Unless they really hate Macs, or, you know, Apple.
Well anyway, which maybe Sanrio hates Apple.
I don't want her scratching the iPad.
But anyway, all seriousness, back to the article.
Games for Cats.
It is an iPad game.
It's, you know, of course, for cats.
It, like everything else in the Apple world these days, has DLC.
Double dippin'.
Right?
Charge you up front and then, hey, you want more levels for your cats?
Ninety-nine cents for a new mouse level.
What a surprise.
But here's the real surprise.
Cats bought it.
Apparently, there's this epidemic where cats are inadvertently buying the DLC.
And people are complaining that the design of the game fooled cats into buying it on
purpose.
Yeah, because there's probably some little mouse that says, buy more on it, that runs
across the screen.
And then the next one is, yes to check out.
And that's it.
You know, real hard stuff to code around.
I thought that they had to put in passwords in order to get that stuff purchased.
You can save those, apparently.
Because I can't do that on my iPod.
I have to, you know.
No, you can save your password, so it never prompts you for that stuff.
Well, then it's the fault of the owner.
Well.
And because you're buying games for your cat.
Have you thought that maybe, you know, that's like a stupid thing?
I'm gonna whip out my multi-hundred dollar device here so my cat can...
Why is it stupid?
We let our cats watch the TV.
We, you know, why is it stupid?
That's like, okay, this is basically like saying, hey, you know what, my cat likes the
outdoors, I'm gonna buy it a car so it can drive down the street because it fucking likes
the outdoors.
Tootsies is real.
I'll give it the benefit of the doubt and say that I can see someone having a little
swipe, you know, a little game visually for the cat on an iPad.
That's fine.
I can believe that.
What I can't believe is someone going, hmm, Mittens was really into that game a week ago,
but now she just doesn't care.
I think she needs the DLC.
I think she needs a new, a new, a new, a new stage for her to be interested in again.
Yeah.
No cats don't give a shit, right?
I'm going to, yeah, for 99 cents you can get a shoestring and that will entertain your
cat forever.
The cat's not going to go, I already know how to chase the mouse on this maze.
I need a new maze.
She's just, I don't, she's not going to play anymore.
These are cats that still chase laser pointers, even though like, you know, years and years
and years of chasing it, they know they can't catch the fucking light, but they will still
chase it because they're fucking stupid and they're like, I got to get that light.
I got to get the light.
The light's delicious.
Eat the light, light, light, chase the light, light.
I'm going to get it.
The light light.
I got it.
I got it.
Oh damn it.
It's on my paw.
Got it.
Oh, so close.
Got it.
Light light.
Where'd it go?
Where'd it go?
Where'd it go?
Where'd it go?
Where'd it go?
That can also be a dog too, by the way.
Dogs do that.
I used to love that cause like I'd played with the laser pointer with my dog and you'd see
her just like twitching out for like an hour afterwards.
Just like, what, what, what, what, what they're coming for me.
Wait, wait.
I put it right there.
Where is it?
All right.
Uh, to answer the folks in chat hiccup is the company behind this game and an artist
named TJ fuller, who did the artwork in games for cats said, quote, we got in a lot of trouble.
So they have implemented a human check to fix the issue.
You have to hold four fingers on touch points without moving them for a few seconds because
the cat would never have that type of attention span to hold in four spots for a few seconds.
Unless it's standing on top of the iPad.
So just like you have to monitor your children when they're playing with the iPad, maybe
you should monitor your cat because let's be real.
You're not buying the app on the iPad for the cat's enjoyment.
You're buying it for yours to watch the cat play it.
Are you really get the cat away from you so they would stop bothering.
Rama and chat says, this all reminds me of the Smurfs village fiasco.
Yes, Rama.
But those were children.
This is a cat.
It doesn't matter.
They still have like 13 year olds.
I didn't know that those Microsoft purchases were real money.
Right.
You didn't know that.
Sure.
Well, my, my fireworks are going, well, now you know who, what's the name of the really
he's really old, uh, he's got the sunglasses, the fashion designer, Margaret show had a
bit about him.
Um, Carl Lagerfeld.
Yes.
His cat has a personal assistant and a Twitter and its own iPad.
So let's put that out there.
Carl Lagerfeld's cat has its own iPad.
So that maybe that could be, you know, what have you done with your life?
So that story, this story reminded me of that.
Yeah.
That's a real thing.
What would you put on your resume?
I, yeah, I w I was a personal assistant to this cat.
That was my last, the cat fired me because I
Toon says, the cat who could drive a car, he drives around all over the town, toon says,
the cat who could drive a car.
Don't just look at it.
Let's be real.
Toon says did a good thing by making sure Victoria Jackson was in that car.
Agree.
And poor Phil Hartman.
Poor Phil Hartman.
Rest in peace.
To register participation for this week's episode of orange lounge radio on vognetwork.com.
Use the passphrase kitten.
All right.
Let's move on.
Allen.
Excuse me.
I'm eating popcorn.
So uh, what's going on?
Sony is shutting down the online servers for two of its motor storm muddy truck games.
Specifically its motor storm pacific rift, which came out in 2008.
So that is four years old.
And its PSP counterpart, motor storm arctic edge.
So if you like to connect to PSN and do races, co-op or whatever with the matching service,
that is all going away.
As of, I think, October 1st.
It's the last day, or I guess September 30th is the last day you have to enjoy that.
October 1st.
I'll give you a heads up.
That was nice.
Is there any of these games, online pass games or we know that's, we're not here.
I didn't even get into it when I was bitching about mass effect three, by the way, I didn't
even get into the online pass thing and how my $10 isn't paying for shit, but anyway,
I'll just let that argument right itself, boys and girls, I just want to throw that
out there, but I guess, yeah, it's a really short story.
That's that's really it.
Motorstorm Pacific Rift and Motorstorm Arctic Edge, which is a PSP title, losing its Sony
provided network while the machines are molding over anyway, so that one's not so bad, you
know.
All right, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates and see what
games we can buy that will have their servers shut down in 2015.
Well, I don't know if any of these games are going to have their servers shut down, but
there is not really much coming out this week because it's kind of falling along the lines
of July, the month with no game releases.
But this week we do have, if you're feeling, you know, that you got to get in shape to
wear a bikini, you know, maybe not this year because you've procrastinated too long.
But for next year, they've got the Adidas My Coach for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 move
in.
There's tons of preorders for that.
Move and connect.
That's coming out this week.
Just on 3DS, you know, because there's actually people that were born well after that game
came out.
And Prototype 2 on PC finally making its way out.
That was quite delayed.
And then also I guess they have a move essential bundle for the PlayStation 3 with Just Dance
3 thrown in there.
All right.
So that's it.
Going to Japan this week in Japan.
A couple more releases in Japan, but not a lot, but I know this one is extremely popular.
Came up on the show a couple weeks ago.
Persona 4, the ultimate in Mayanaka Arena, although remember that's the one that's region
locked on PlayStation 3.
It's also available on Xbox 360, which was always region locked.
But that is out in Japan this week on July the 26th.
Alice Madness Returns gets a price reduction on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
Also on the PlayStation 3 this week, Shin Sangoku Musou Multi-Raid 2 HD version.
That tells me this is a remake HD version.
This is a remake of a title that was already out there.
Trying to see if this is a game I recognize from here.
It looks like, looks kind of like a Dynasty Warriors-esque game, but I don't think that's
what it is.
But like, you know, combo points and all that stuff.
But it's HD version.
Also coming out this week, the Super Dimension Fortress Macross Hybrid Pack, which I believe
would mean it's the game and the Blu-ray making its way out in Japan this week.
That's the 360 on the PlayStation 3.
Let's take a look at the Vita real quick.
Nothing really of note on the Vita this week.
Some accessories, a new AC adapter, but that's not that exciting.
So lastly on the 3DS this week, Cave Story 3D makes its way to Japan this week, as does
a new pen in cobalt blue.
Ooh-ah.
That does it for Japanese releases.
Alan, UK.
UK and Europe, Prototype 2 on PC is coming out July 24th.
July 25th, we have Wizorb, which I would recommend very much if you're into 16-bit retro sort
of games.
It's 2D, but it's an RPG Arkanoid Breakout mashup game.
So it's got the Super NES graphics, and you're a little wizard playing Breakout, and it's
really fun.
You can have that on Steam.
It's cute.
Yeah.
It's also, check out the Steam sale before it goes away, because I got it a couple days
ago for like three bucks.
And on the indie games for Xbox if you don't have that.
Oh, nice.
Yeah.
So that's specifically on the PlayStation 3, PlayStation Vita, and PSP.
Wizorb also on July 25th, Recettear, which is the game we were talking about earlier.
July 27th, we have Inversion on PC, and Pokemon Conquest on DS, and then finally for this
week on July 28th, Freaky Forms Deluxe Your Creations Alive, which is a very silly name.
I don't know what that is.
All right, just a few more stories for you guys before we get into the classic game of
the week.
Dark Soccer may not be here to give a classic game out, but Salacious Pop will fill in,
and we'll figure out what he picked in just a minute.
For now, Loki.
So this is kind of interesting.
You may remember a few years ago, there was a class, I mean, there's always class action
lawsuits when it comes to Madden and NCAA, but there's one that actually went to court,
and they finally settled.
So EA has reached a settlement in a class action lawsuit that started in 2008 for $27
million.
Also part of that, they will not be able to renew their exclusive agreement with the NCAA,
assuming that the court upholds that.
And then of course, you know, because of that, those who were affected by it, who purchased
a EA Sports NCAA game, will be entitled to anywhere from $6.79 per game on the GameCube,
Xbox and Playstation 2, and $1.95 for the Wii, Xbox 360 and PS3.
And they're saying that also, EA has agreed to the stipulation on future license agreements
as part of the proposed settlement.
They will not make any exclusive licensing deals with the AFL for five years, and they
will not renew their current agreement with the NCAA, and also they won't be able to enter
another exclusive licensing agreement with the NCAA for five years.
And the exclusive, I guess, well the trademarks for like the NFL and stuff are not affected
by it because this is only the NCAA, but it's still interesting.
Yeah, I was going to say, I don't follow sports titles as closely, you know, I think that's
pretty obvious if you've listened to the show for a while, but obviously these are huge
money games.
I know EA's had a lot of, they've taken a lot of shit for their exclusive agreements
in the past.
This kind of seems like a big deal here.
I mean, granted, the refunds that people get aren't that big a deal, although I heard that
whatever people don't claim will go to child's play, which, that's great, but I'm talking
more about the future, about how future licensing agreements work, that seems like it might
be a big deal.
Well, all it's going to mean is that they're not going to be exclusive, so they're still,
I mean, this doesn't mean the NCAA football is going away anytime soon, it just means
that there could be a version from 2K.
That's huge, in my opinion, if 2K could do those.
Well, I mean, remember they did all, was it, all pro football or something like that, it's
sucked.
Well, it sucked because it didn't have those licenses, so it didn't have as big of a budget.
But it sucked as just a game, though.
I mean, not to say they couldn't pull something out, but I don't know.
Then the other thing, too, is that this has to, they have to wait on approval from the
court, which is going to happen on September 27th, so this is all, right now, the settlement,
but the court has to say, okay, we agreed it, you know, the settlement's fine.
So we'll just have to see what happens there.
And we should say, again, the NFL trademark is not, it does not affect it.
No, this does not affect Madden at all, so, um, but I just think it's funny, though, is
that arena football is also, I mean, they haven't had an arena football game in forever.
Although, I didn't remember, they did try that for a while, they had an arena football
game for like two years.
What about the XFL game?
I'm just kidding.
Hold on.
Remember the XFL?
Hold on.
That was hilarious.
You laugh, you laugh right now, but you know what league is considering a game, actually?
Not necessarily EA publishing it, but there is a game coming for this league.
Uh oh.
The Lingerie Football League.
Fuck yeah.
I'm telling you, that's a real thing.
I might play that.
That sounds awesome.
You know the problem with those Lingerie Football Leagues and stuff like that?
It's, I mean, the people watch it because they're hoping that, like, a top gets ripped
off.
It never fucking happens.
So, cause, so that's my problem, it's not adult enough, you know?
We need an adult game.
I need an adult.
There's only so much plausible deniability on why you're watching it before it's like,
I could have looked at so much porn in the time that I've been watching this.
I'm watching-
Like, I'm just gonna take it that next step further.
I'm watching this because I think they play really good football.
No, no one's believing that.
Yeah, so you're reading it for the articles.
Yes, of course.
I'm watching this for the articles.
You know, you know what would make, you know, getting away from, you know, sexy women for
a minute, you know what?
They should license into a game.
Puppy Bowl.
Yep.
They've already done that because-
Get out.
No, no, it's not Puppy Bowl.
But remember, there was, um, the, god, who was it?
It wasn't Joe Montana.
It was Jerry Rice Dog Football.
It came out on the Wii last year, about a year ago, actually, because I remember-
Okay.
Well, the problem is that was Joe Montana, who's kind of, you know, he's long-
It's Jerry Rice.
Oh, sorry.
Well, Jerry Rice also kind of, you know, it's, it's not that hot ass ref that they had on
the Puppy Bowl the past couple years.
Not this year.
And really, you know why I failed?
No kit in halftime.
So that-
Good point.
Good point.
Yeah, that night, his dog football was the, uh, game.
The talk about, you know, chicks and football and all this has me thinking about one of
my good friends, and, you know, I follow her on Facebook and all this.
She's getting really into roller derby lately.
Are there any good roller derby experiences on consoles?
You know, I want to say, I thought there was a roller derby game, but, uh, probably not.
I don't think there is a roller derby game.
Which is sad.
I mean, perhaps-
There's quite a roller derby audience, though.
She's got like a trading card and everything.
Perhaps.
Pretty cool.
You know, they will come out with one because, um, you know, there was, uh, there's been
plenty of games for, like, um, what was it, uh, uh, for lacrosse and, like, for rugby
and that kind of stuff, so maybe we'll see that.
Um, I am seeing, though, there is, uh, yeah, Jam City Roller Girls was actually a game
that came out.
Oh, okay.
Um, it was on, I think, the Wii?
Stan in our chat room says, you mean Asuka, who was, um, you know, she was the girl that
was on the tester who was on the show about, what, six months ago at this point?
Um, I follow her on Twitter, but not Facebook, and I forgot, she does roller derby, too,
that's right.
No, this is a different friend I'm thinking of, but-
Yes, WiiWare.
It was on WiiWare, Jam City Roller Girls is, it is an authentic, um, well, I don't know
how authentic, but it is a roller derby game, so, uh, they do have one.
All right.
There's one.
Which is, you know, they should have more than one.
It looks decent.
All right, let me move on.
I gotta go to this.
This is-
Oh, God, I just, I'm just gonna put this out there, and Alan, I'll wait for you to make
some smart-ass comments so you get ready, okay?
I don't even really want to plug the website by saying its name, but I'm gonna have to
too, so I want to just preface this by saying I ain't endorsing this shit, I just have to
report on how ludicrous it is, all right?
Um, there is a new website out there, and it's basically, from what it sounds like,
it's kind of like adult friend finder, but for gamers.
And it's called Shagga Gamer.
It's launched in the United Kingdom.
Sorry.
Really?
That's-
Sorry, yes.
I can't imagine that's in the United Kingdom with it being called Shagga Gamer, because
I don't believe anybody uses the phrase Shag.
Yes, they do.
Every time they see Austin Powers, they want to see Shagga Gamer.
Yes, Austin Powers, featuring a British spy.
Yeah, baby!
Wow, that's current, that's some current stuff there, current material you got working there.
Austin Powers, a franchise that hasn't been around for years now.
It is what they're calling the number one adult site for gamers.
Of course they're calling it, yeah, we're number one.
Well, who's their competition?
Exactly.
Who cares, I mean-
They're offering their services to thousands of single gamers who want nothing more than
a quick shag.
Yeah, baby.
For just 19.99 pounds a month, you get full access, this is a quote, quote, full access
to young, old, exciting, sexy individuals wanting no strings sex.
They're apparently coming soon as a Shagga Gamer TV as well.
No, no, I do want to say, and this is important in their quote, they do not mention female
gamers.
She needs to be all dudes.
So technically, yes, there are young, old gamers that want to have sex with no strings
attached, but they're all dudes.
The site continues, quote, quite simply, we are the best at matchmaking thousands of gamers.
We are the same people behind Data Gamer, and we are the UK's biggest destination for
single gamers and geeks.
So when users are looking for a site to find the hottest gamer girls or the biggest number
of gamers, that's why we are many people's number one choice.
Now, it should be said that you can follow Shagga Gamer on Twitter, and out of all those
thousands of people that are hooking up, they have 56 followers on their Twitter.
I believe the OLR Twitter has something like 700 or 800 followers.
So would it be fair to say that if suddenly we said, you know what, we don't want to be
just an internet radio show anymore.
We want to be a place for casual gamers to find a fuck.
We would be able to say now we are the number one company.
So suck it, Shagga Gamer.
There's a problem with that.
I don't give a fuck, so.
Alan?
This just makes me curious as to how many hookups happen at like E3 or PAX.
Like do people get laid at those cons?
I'm sure that PAX.
Oh, sure they do.
PAX, they actually, there's been articles where people will post Craigslist articles
or notifications, it's a meetup for an orgy, basically, at PAX, and they will do that.
So yes, they do that.
And anime cons, and I mean there's a lot of like geek sex going on, but.
Anything with a furry crossover, then yes, obviously.
Dragon Con?
Yeah.
I mean, but.
Why do you think all the guys from VoG are going?
I'm kidding, I'm kidding.
I don't mean stuff that's set up like that on Craigslist, but just, oh hey, I see you
at the Nintendogs.
Oh, I'm in that hotel too.
Room four?
I got some wine.
You know, they have a phrase for a reason, you know, a fool is money, you're easily parted.
Don't be a sucker.
Obviously there are not sites like this that are, there's just tons of hot gamer girls
just waiting around for someone to just fuck them.
Why aren't there any guys who the fuck me me misses attractive gaming loving girl with
big titties?
I'm sorry, that does not exist anywhere.
So what, you know, all these sites that want to charge you money and stuff like that.
Like for example, there's a perfect, what was it, remember the gaming one where you
would join up and you'd play, you play games with hot gaming girls and stuff like that,
and they would, you know, have video cam time with you and, um, they may undress somewhat
when you're playing the old battleship or something.
I don't know, Alan, I might shag that gamer.
That image on their splash page is hilarious because I can't tell if it's just a really
cheap stock image photo that they just photoshopped those shaggy gamer thing on his shirt or if
that's an actual photo shoot.
No, cause she has it too.
She has it too.
Yeah, I could shop that.
That would be hard.
That's a photo shoot that they had about as hard as that might be right there.
What am I pointing at?
Ellen?
I know.
Look how well defined that is.
She's, she's lifting his shirt.
Yeah.
I think that's a photo shot at his junk, I guess, but you don't need to lift his shirts.
I don't know what's going on in that picture, but then they show some of the actual users
of the site and like, you know, Paula 25 she's waiting to get shagged.
I'm sorry.
Okay.
Here's my question though.
What is so gamer about this?
I mean, is it like, you know, you want someone to fuck and then cuddle and play Skyrim with
after, like, can't you just go on OkCupid and set gamer tags as your match?
Like only show me people that have this filter.
That's what I'm thinking.
Yes, exactly.
You can do that.
Or there's even if you're looking to date somebody, there's even that geek to geek site,
which I hear is okay.
But you're better off, you know, with something like, you know, like an OkCupid or plenty
of fish or something like that, where it doesn't really cost you anything to do it because
these sites, they basically, oh yeah, it's free to sign up, free to sign up.
And then you sign up and then you're like, oh, I want to talk to this person.
I want to send them a message saying, yes, I would like to fuck you.
Oh, I'm sorry.
That's going to cost you money.
You're not a premium member.
And then you become a premium member.
So, uh, sorry, you're not blah, blah, blah.
You need more money to do this.
They put it this way.
You know what?
These people that they have, the models that they have here are not on their fucking site.
Okay.
Well, you know what they might do?
I bet, and I bet a lot of websites like this do this.
They probably partner with another site.
Like the women probably didn't sign up for the site.
The women signed up for some other site and the women signed up for a site that was like,
find a nerdy guy or find a rich guy or something like that.
Cause you know, all nerds are rich like, and I bet that's what it is.
They do something to lure the women in and there's something really tiny, really tiny
in the terms of agreement that is, Oh, your picture and profile may show up on our partner
websites.
So some of these women probably sign up for, you know, just, you know, fuck me and leave
me.com or whatever.
I don't know.
And suddenly they're on Shagga gamer.
I don't know.
All right.
I think we spent far too much time on this topic.
Yeah.
Just don't give them your time.
I mean, that's basically the moral of the story.
Go to Craigslist, but be careful.
Like there's some real freaky people on Craigslist.
Craigslist is just weird.
Let's go to a time when games were a lot simpler.
Back when we were innocent and we weren't thinking about such pervert things, the classic
game of the week, every week, dark Sakura goes into the vault and finds a classic game
that she deems worthy of you to revisit all over again.
But since she's at a wedding, Alan's here and he dug into the shoebox to find the classic
game that he thinks you all should play this week.
Alan was the classic game of the week, classic game of the week is a Lucas arts game on the
scum engine came out in 1993.
It is maniac mansion day of the tentacle.
Good pick.
Got any audio for me?
I'm getting some up right now.
Oh, this amazing intro.
So yes, this is the sequel to a previous classic game of the week, maniac mansion, which came
out in 1987.
You play Bernard, who was one of the cast members of the first game.
You are called back to the mansion by totally blanking on his name, Dr. Fred, because the
purple tentacle has drank some toxic sludge that made him super smart and he's going to
take over the world, so you and your two friends have to go back in time to prevent him from
drinking the slime and becoming super smart, but something goes horribly wrong with the
time machines that are made out of porta potties, they're modified porta potties.
Listen to the audio.
The main directors of this game were Tim Schafer and Dave Grossman, who had worked on the adventures
of monkey island games, and they got their pedigree from that and Lucas Arts said, okay,
you guys are going to helm this game and it's the sequel to maniac mansion.
It's point and click style.
They fixed the engine that they used in this for Sam and Max Hit the Road, which was the
other game I was debating using tonight, but yeah, so you've got give, pick up, use, push,
look at, open, and you just click that, you click on your verb and then you click on what
you want and you interact with the puzzles that way.
Bernard stays in present day, his sort of overweight rocker friend, very hair metal.
Hoagie goes into the future and then she's kind of a Daria Morgendorfer, Ally Sheedy
in the Breakfast Club, kind of spazzy girl.
She goes back in time to the colonial ages, or do I have that backwards, I forget.
She goes to the future, Hoagie goes to the past, that's right, sorry, I haven't played
this game in years, but it's super awesome.
They went and looked at a bunch of Warner Brothers cartoons for the visual, like how
they wanted to do the art direction, and also a lot of the sound effects are taken directly
from the cartoons as well.
And yeah, it's got Thomas Jefferson and George Washington are some of the cameos that Hoagie
has to deal with in the past, and it has a great endgame when it all comes together and
all the three characters are joined again, it's just a lot of fun.
This game also was one of the first few CD games, for one it was a computer game that
came out on CD-ROM and also had full voice acting, which at the time, I think, King's
Quest V, the Sierra game which came out I think in 91 also had voice acting, but a lot
of it was really bad.
The voice acting in these LucasArts games, even though for the early 90s, are phenomenal.
Amazing voice acting considering that it was new technology, because when this came out
on PC and PC were just getting talky video games, we were playing the Super Nintendo
for about a year or two, because that came out in 91 to just show the timeline of how
the technology was.
But yeah, I actually installed, I still have this, I have the original instruction booklet
and the disc, and I installed DOSBox on my Windows 7 machine so I could play this in
Sam & Max.
Does this come on LucasArts' pack that's on Steam?
Good old games has it, I want to say.
I don't know about Steam.
I remember there was some type of LucasArts mega pack of adventure games it was on, that's
how you could get Loom and shit.
And for people who are into emulators, DOSBox is just, you still need the game with DOSBox,
but if you have SCUM, SCUM is also an emulator specifically for LucasArts games that run
on this engine.
ActDeft clarifies, nope, it isn't on Steam at all.
So it is not a part of that pack, go figure.
Also some other comments on this game, Burr says, Day of the Tentacle is the best adventure
game ever.
Dungeon Buster says, this was LucasArts at the height of Awesome 2.
This and Sam & Max, I don't want to try to put one over the other, but both of those
games together are just phenomenal adventure games for that era of PC gaming.
Anything else you want to say about Maniac Mansion, Day of the Tentacle?
Uh, hilarious.
One of the funniest games they've ever played aside from Beavis and Butthead Virtual Stupidity,
which I'm sorry, my judge wrote the script, it's a hilarious game.
You'll have to pick that next time.
And I want to say, I'm trying to find the actual site for this rumor, but I think it
might be Telltale Games, but someone somewhere wants to put out an episodic franchise that
exists in the same universe that references Day of the Tentacle.
I could see that, because as much as people loved this game, nothing ever really came
after it, you know?
Yeah, no, Maniac Mansion 3, do you think we'd get?
Well, LucasArts has been all about, literally, Star Wars games, for what?
Pretty much since, once this era ended, they've just been about Star Wars, really.
And Grim Fandango was their last big splash in PC adventure games.
But yeah, super awesome, people should check it out.
Alright, there it is, your classic game of the week, Maniac Mansion 2, Day of the Tentacle,
or just Day of the Tentacle for short.
Thank you, Alan, good pick.
A good PC adventure game.
Alright, we're gonna take a quick break, but don't go anywhere, guys, we have plenty more
show when we come back, including rapid fire news, and we're gonna revisit Xbox security
again.
But this time, it might not be as much ranting as it's been in the past.
We'll find out when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio, live on Sunday, July the 22nd of 2012,
with episode number 466 of our show.
DarkSakura, not here tonight, she is at a wedding in Las Vegas, the wedding of Tiara
and Dan from Geek-Life.com, and we want to, once again, wish them a very happy wedding.
I see the pictures are starting to show up on Facebook, and all I can say is, aw.
Alright, I promised a giveaway here in part B, and again, this is a code generously donated
to the show by Bashka, and you can visit his website, critcraft.blogspot.com, if you like
World of Warcraft stuff.
Even if you don't, he tends to have some, you know, some other little gaming things
that sneak in there, too, and the types of stuff that a lot of OLR people, I bet, would
be really into.
What we are giving away, once again, it is a beta key for Ravaged.
This is, I can play this little gameplay trailer here that he sent me there on the Facebooks.
I guess there's some gameplay in this trailer here.
It's a first-person shooter that is set in a world ravaged by a polar shift pitting scavengers
versus the resistance, so as soon as this ad finishes playing, I'll play a little clip
of the gameplay trailer, and we're going to give this away right now to somebody that
is checked in at vognetwork.com and in our chat room, and of course, wants the code,
because I'm going to send them a private message and be like, are you going to use this code?
And if they, uh, they don't, then I'll give away to somebody else.
I remember this one.
Yeah, it looks like a lot.
This is the game that was supposed to be like Rage, you know, how Rage is supposed to be.
It's, you know, like fighting and bugging.
Lots of like, do-buggies, planes, that type of stuff.
Yeah, it looks pretty cool.
Might want a pretty decent computer in order to play this.
All right, let's see who we're going to give that away to.
We're going to do this live right now.
What I'm doing right now, I'm pulling up the list of people that are currently checked
into the show.
All right, so I need you, Loki, you checked in.
Are you trying to win this too?
No, I'm just checking all the time.
All right, pick a number between one and 30.
Uh, Alan, pick a number between one and 30.
23.
23.
So that's 31-39-87-6543.
I want to see if that person is in chat right now.
Hopefully they have a similar name or I might not be able to identify them.
I think you can just Google a random number generator and put in the one to 30.
It's more fun if I ask you.
Uh, I'm looking, I don't see that person in chat right now.
Looking one more time.
Just making sure.
Okay, yeah, that person isn't in chat right now.
So give me another number.
12.
12.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12.
I'm pretty sure this person is in chat.
It's Raginator.
Let me see if he wants it.
Okay, I'll let you guys know in a minute if Raginator is going to take the code or if
somebody else will walk away with it.
So I just sent him a private message.
All right, let's move on in the meantime to rapid fire news.
Loki.
All right.
So, um, as I mentioned, I was playing a game called, uh, you know, I want to be the guy
Gaiden, uh, that's finally been released now, so you can check it out.
It's a little buggy.
It's just the first of a few episodic games that are going to be put out, but I mean,
it's pretty hard, so it'll have to do.
It's three levels long and you can check it out on, um, GameJolt has it, uh, so just go
to GameJolt.com and look in their freeware section and they've got, you know, I want
to be the guy Gaiden.
It's pretty easy to find.
Or you can go to, uh, Kaylin's, uh, or can site, uh, K A Y I N dot P Y O K O, uh, dot
org slash I W B T G. I want to be the guy.
So there you go.
You can find all the information on that and it's pretty cool.
So check it out.
Um, this is kind of funny.
You know, the game, uh, Tokyo jungle, the one that's basically a bunch of animals surviving
in a post-apocalyptic Tokyo.
It looked awesome.
It looked awesome.
Well, they're even making it a little, uh, stranger.
They're adding Japanese businessmen to the game.
There's DLC that's, uh, coming out that you can play as a salary man and you can, uh,
well, businessman can be pretty Savage too.
Let's be real.
So you can play the game and God, I hope you don't have to mate them.
That's going to be weird.
Uh, but yes, so I'll be coming out.
I'm looking forward to the game when it finally makes it over here.
Uh, act deft and chat says, isn't it being localized for the U S yes, yes it is.
It is.
Uh, Ray dear at a live.vog network.com says, I want to be the guy.
Damn it.
I'm sure that's what a lot of people say playing that game.
And then finally Manos, the hands of fate is coming out on iOS.
They're making an eight bit type game for it and it is a 2d platform or it's a very
retro and maybe we'll be on other platforms other than iOS at some point, but of course
has all the, you know, infamous stuff from the series.
And if you're not familiar with Manos stands of fate, but it's one of the worst movies
ever made, you know, how bad is it?
It's pretty bad.
I've fallen asleep twice with trying to watch it once, uh, both times with, uh, mr.
Sand, Seager 3000.
Oh wow.
And it was still bad.
It was still so bad that I fell asleep.
All right, well, let's move on to some other stories.
First up, rock band blitz finally has a release date.
Uh, they said it would come out this summer and we're already about halfway through summer.
Well, we finally have a date for at PlayStation, August 28th, X-Box live, uh, a day later,
August 29th, that's going to cost you 15 bucks for this game and some more songs were revealed
for the game.
We'll, that will be in the game.
Cool and the gang's jungle boogie, my chemical romances sing funds.
We are young.
And that's like the song that won't go away off the radio at all, um, Avenged Sevenfold
so far away also there.
And a lot of people very excited about this.
It uses all the DLC from rock band that you might have built up on your hard drive.
And if you're like me, you have a lot.
So it's pretty cool that you'll be able to use this in the game as well.
Very cool.
Uh, now, uh, Portal 2, if you've beaten Portal 2, then the joke, I'm in space, makes sense
to you.
If not, welp, sorry, I'm not going to spoil you, you'll just have to go back and beat
it.
But what's kind of funny is that things are about to get really meta because NASA is going
to send Portal 2 to space.
That's right.
An anonymous tech at NASA laser engraved the space core on a part that is going to be flying
on a resupply craft to the International Space Station.
Valve posted about it on their official Portal blog on Friday.
Uh, they don't know who did it.
It was an anonymous tech at NASA.
NASA did not endorse this, but it's happening because they actually laser engraved this
little Wheatley in space.
It's not Wheatley, it's a core.
Yeah, it's a space core.
It's the one that's in the Skyrim thing.
Space.
Space.
Space.
Space.
Space.
What is that Wheatley at the end of the game?
He eventually went in the space.
Oh, okay.
He was all emo about it.
All right, whatever.
Oh, that's right.
Okay.
Yeah, right.
I'm okay.
Yeah.
Wheatley's emo about it.
And then there's the other guy in the background.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's been a little while since I beat Portal 2.
I beat it when it first came out.
So anyhow.
And if you're going to kill me because I gave a little spoiler there, you know what?
Game's been out a year and it's been on sale for like five bucks lately.
So I'm thinking you haven't played it at this point.
Um, also lastly, uh, EA gets a lot of hate.
But they did something that's pretty cool this week.
Um, they joined Microsoft, Viacom, Google, Zynga, another company gets a lot of hate,
and eBay on this that's pretty cool.
It is a amicus brief that declares opposition to DOMA, the Defense of Marriage Act, which
legally defines marriage between a man and a woman.
And EA in a press release said, quote, DOMA presents a number of problems for businesses
like EA as it creates regulatory tax and discrimination complications for employers.
And that's why we're standing against it.
The underlying lawsuit impacts all employers, no matter how big or small, and no matter
the industry.
And we encourage other businesses to join these efforts.
And that's pretty cool.
EA's, um, been pretty supportive of LGBT causes in the past.
They actually marched in the Pride Parade in San Francisco and in Seattle.
They've done their own It Gets Better campaign video that's available on YouTube as well.
So a little less evil doing the right thing and standing against DOMA, which obviously
we here at OLR also think is kind of crap.
So let's move on with some more stories.
The Los Angeles comedy club Laugh Factory, which is world famous, I think the first stand-up
comedian that ever performed there was Richard Pryor, Dave Chappelle, and has done like six
hour sets there.
So yes, world famous.
They have a charity to help kids and all this stuff.
They are coming out with a streaming channel for PS3 on PlayStation Network, PS3 only from
this story.
$3 a month if you're a stand-up comedy nerd like myself and you listen to stand-up comic
podcasts like Greg Proops and Aisha Tyler like I do, you might like this.
I know stand-up comedy isn't really as relevant now as it was in the 90s, but yeah, Laugh
Factory, Los Angeles Club, $3 a month.
Both pre-recorded and live performances from stand-ups.
No real schedule yet on the content, but if you're a comedy nerd, you've got $3 a month
to burn.
It's kind of neat.
Something different.
Yeah.
Although you can get it for free through some of those other podcasts you mentioned.
Yeah.
Well that's, yeah.
And then also the Dreamcast classic Jet Set Radio, very funky, amazing cell shaded game
is coming to iOS and Android this summer to compliment the PC and Vita versions.
So I remember the Dreamcast one, the original, and it was an amazing game.
It eventually got too hard for me to like, I think by the time I unlocked the fourth
or fifth character, it just got so hard I couldn't do it anymore.
The learning curve for the controls was when you got it, you got it, but it took a while.
I cannot imagine how this is going to play on a touch screen unless they really tweak
the controls.
But yeah, funky Jet Set Radio goodness coming to your phones this summer.
All right.
Before we get into the Fugu question of the week, guess what, Raginator never responded,
meaning he's not there.
And I seem to recall he said his PC is kind of challenged anyway, so I am regretfully
going to have to pass the code to somebody else.
So once again, I need a number between one and 30.
Uh, hold on.
What are you looking?
No, don't.
Just say something.
Don't Google it.
17.
17.
All right.
So if Raginator was 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17.
All right.
I know that person's in chat and I know he'll respond.
That is VX Jason XV is number 17 to check in tonight.
Hold on by me, by me a little time here, guys, while I send Jason a private message.
Does he PC game?
Cause he might be like, Hey, PC games.
I think he does.
Yeah, he does.
So all right.
Now I will give Jason like five minutes to respond and if he doesn't respond either,
then we'll move on to somebody else.
All right.
All right.
Uh, we're going to get into the Fugu question of the week here.
Every week we ask you guys a question on our Facebook and our Google plus, put them together
and you get Fugu.
I don't have the music queued up this week.
Sorry.
But, um, we read some, some of the responses here on the air.
I don't think we'll get through all of them.
There was a lot of responses tonight and there's no way I'm going to be able to read all of
these.
Please, please check out our Facebook community at facebook.com slash orange launch radio
and our Google plus.
There's a few responses over there too, believe it or not.
Uh, I, I don't have a URL for it.
One one zero nine four.
No, I'm just kidding.
I'm not going to read the whole thing.
Just go to Google plus and search for orange launch radio.
You'll find us there.
Here's the question of the week.
Kind of a tricky question because obviously there was a lot of really tough stuff that
happened over the weekend.
You know, just a lot of really unfortunate events.
And when tragedy like this happens, unfortunately people like to point the finger at video games.
And so I wanted to ask this question to our Facebook and Google communities and that is
sometimes when tragedy happens, commentators on big news channels are quick to blame video
games for a person being so deranged.
What if anything can we do as a gaming community to stop this reputation and show that there
are far more good people playing video games than bad?
You know, because when that incident happened in Aurora, you know, over the weekend, which
was terrible, they splash that guy all over the news as the news tends to do, which is
really unfortunate because they're just making him famous by doing that, which I hate.
But you know, it should be the victims we should be remembering, but anyhow, they always
bring these commentators on because everybody wants to know, why do you do it?
Why do you do it?
What was going on in his head?
He was a quiet kid and he went crazy.
Why do you do it?
Why do you do it?
And somebody always inevitably says video games, you know, which is ridiculous.
Yeah.
The problem with the video game, blame video games is it's as common now to be playing
video games as the watch TV.
So you can blame TV now too.
Well, I mean, or you could, it was that rock music he was listening to, it was those comics
he was reading.
It was, you know, the TV he was watching is the movies he's watching.
It was the drugs and some people blame Batman because he said when he got arrested or whatever
that he was the joker.
You know, it was the goddamn Batman.
You know who, you know, who is to blame him.
That's it.
There was a fake article that circulated on Tumblr the night that it happened saying that
he was arrested in like joker cosplay for, and which of course is full of shit.
Not true.
But it's like, why are people photoshopping fake newspapers to troll like literally an
hour after it happened saying that he was dressed as the joker?
Well, something about, I mean, again, I don't like talking about him, but I will entertain
that something about he, there was a picture of him with crazy hair that was on the internet.
Again, anything could be photoshopped, I guess, but well, it was on his, uh, adult friend
finder.
Oh, it's those sexual deviants.
All right.
Look, no, it was him.
It was his fault.
He did it.
I mean, whatever.
Anyway, two words.
Fuck him.
All right.
Let's get to though.
How do we keep the bad reputation off of gamers?
Because there's far more good people playing video games than there are bad.
Let me go to some of the answers on Facebook.
Read the haze starts us off.
The first thing we should do is not get online and attack the people who blame video games
because it just proves them right.
Think before you act.
We need to bring ourselves out there and show our positive side and drown out the negative
noise.
Make a YouTube video or write up on how we are productive members of society.
Just don't be an asshole on the internet.
It's as simple as that.
Or don't watch those news programs because they're sensationalists to get people to watch
them.
Ronnie B says, usually it's the news media, so I'd ask them how is their constant coverage
endorsement of graphic stories 24-7 any less likely to drive someone mad than a video game?
Even if the results of a tragic event is inspired by a video game, what can you do when the
person is a grown adult?
There is already the ESRB in the US, so I don't think you can really blame video games
anymore, and I think that's the best argument.
You know, that's true.
A lot of people are driven to this sort of insanity because they think it's going to
make them famous, and I guess in some ways it does.
And I'm always reminded of this.
In Sacramento, we had a really unfortunate case where a guy shot people at a Jack in
the Box.
I mean, just, you know, another just crazy asshole goes into a store and shoots people.
And part of the reason he did it was he said, I want to be famous.
I know I'm going to be plastered all over the news.
I'm going to be famous.
I'm going to be the most famous.
And like, he said that.
Well, in this interesting, ironic twist, that all happened on September 10th, 2001.
So he wasn't famous for very long because the media hopped right onto something else.
Well, he got his 15 minutes.
I mean, and it's just like, I'm not trying to be funny.
It's just this really hugely ironic thing, and it just kind of points out, I mean, God,
I hate using that word in conjunction with such tragedy, but you guys know, you know
what I'm getting at.
It's that he, you know, was driven by fame.
Attention whores.
That's what they are.
Yes, right here.
Um, let's see, uh, Clover N. Responds saying, promote all the charities connected to video
gaming.
I said, vampire says nothing.
It's a waste of time trying to educate our tar to scapegoat.
They do it on purpose.
They do it on purpose because it's a sensational thing.
It gets viewers.
That's all in the end of the day.
That's all the news programs want is they want more viewers.
So whether that means recording or, you know, covering the news story first or covering
the most in centralized way, that's really what it is.
They want viewership, so they get paid, add money, the end.
Why not 18 is nine responds and says, parents, it's not the only solution, but a start on
knowing what your kids are playing.
If there's a problem with the kid's brain, then a video game might be the start of stifling
the problem.
I could be wrong though.
Great show guys.
Um, Pika Uno says, as someone who works in the media, I can say it's not our, the gamers
parentheses fault.
The news is now an entertainment show and entertainment shows need a running narrative.
It's so much easier to just give the public what they want, an obvious scapegoat rather
than to think about how the news itself is propagating this.
If you're really interested in how TV really works from an insider's point of view, I urge
you to watch Charlie Brooker's screen wipe, news wipe, and games wipe on YouTube.
Very interesting comment from Pika Uno, kind of from the inside.
Last one from Facebook, Cody T says, what we could do to get the media and other people
blaming video games to understand that these people that act out in a violent way are not
doing so because of video games, movies, et cetera.
It has a lot to do with the thoughts they had from the time they were born.
Some people to me are just bad apples.
It has nothing to do with video games, movies, or any kind of medium like that.
It's just easy for the media to pick an outside cause to what was actually in this person's
mind their whole life.
So in conclusion, there is no good or even great way to get media to stop blaming it
on video games because media is media.
And at the end of the day, true gamers know that it is not true.
Complicated issue.
Before I go to Google, Alan?
With all the, you know, with Chris Hardwick's franchise Nerdist and all this stuff, the
progress that gamers have made with like PAX and just crossing into the mainstream and
being more of an accessible thing for, you know, it's not as niche as it once was.
But the reality is that it's still considered for the people like ages 45 and older who
watch the news, who get really, you know, into this stuff.
It's still a part of the counterculture, I guess.
It's still something that a lot of people can't relate to.
That makes it a magnet like Loki was saying about the sensationalism.
If he was a huge sports nut who was a jock who got like super late in high school and
he was just a big sports freak and did not even own a console, like they wouldn't pursue
that angle because that's considered normal.
They would pursue it as he was a sexual deviant because he had an adult friend finder profile.
They would say, okay, well, what's the first thing we can find that's even a little bit
like not as bland and as mainstream as possible?
Video games is often that thing because a lot of people over a certain age don't understand
it.
Let me ask this question.
And I'm taking a devil's advocate angle because I think a lot of the sensationalism happens
because we just want to understand as a society, why?
Why did this happen?
Why did evil?
There's no other word to describe it.
Why did evil happen?
Where did we as a society fail to allow this to happen?
Well, they keep it.
Here's the other thing too, is they keep saying he operated on his own, but how do you get
in the theater?
How do you get through the bought a ticket?
You had to suit up though.
Right?
Did you hear what they got up to?
Worrying how, where's he going to hide an air of 15 regardless.
I mean, I believe I had heard something in red online.
He used an emergency exit to go to his car and prompt it open so that he could get back
in the theater regardless.
The guy had his house booby trapped to the nines to try and kill some policemen too.
I mean, he was clearly deranged in all sorts of way.
He thought of a way.
He thought of a way.
So whatever.
I mean, but again, let me go back to the devil's advocate question.
What's wrong with wanting to know where did we fail as a society?
Well, that's the difficult question.
The easy question is to just say, this terrifies me and I'm confused and hurting and this is
a horrible story, but the media is saying that it's video games and I'm old and I've
never played those and I don't know anyone who plays those so I can see better at night
knowing that it's that evil yucky thing that's influencing people to do this.
It's the quickest way to get people to like they need to associate something because they
just they don't understand it.
And it's unfortunate that video games is often used because it's a billion dollar industry.
It's everywhere.
People will pay attention if you obviously lie and say bullshitty things about the industry
that aren't true because people that play games know that it's not like that.
But people are desperate for an easy answer to feel better about the grief that they feel
when they hear stories like this.
I think that's a very valid answer.
I think you're right on the money with that.
I think you're right.
I think a lot of this tends to you know help people it's all to help people sleep better
at night because hope it doesn't happen to them.
You know because already people are like well was he mentally ill?
Had he tried to get help before and then he was denied help?
You know there are all these existential questions about what drives a person to do this but
people need like they're like oh shit this like I'm terrified this is a horrible story.
If they can just make that mental association of oh he was influenced because of this maybe
and that's scary and weird because I'm old and I know I don't know what that is.
They can they can get that.
They can pin their terror to something.
And because I think there is a youth angle to video games that's a good go to for the
media if I'm making sense.
Absolutely.
No you are.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Osfer in chat says me and my mom went and saw the midnight showing of The Dark Knight
Rises.
A lot of people told us that they were glad that we were okay but I just shrugged it off.
I'm not going to let one guy ruin my movie going experience.
It's also funny how now when I tell people they should see the movie they tell me that
they don't want to get shot.
Absolutely ridiculous.
Which I agree with.
It had I mean unfortunately I mean what short term memory those people have because it's
really unfortunate.
Evil people killed people while they were working on 9-11.
Evil people have shot people on college campuses and on high school campuses.
Evil people have gone into fast food restaurants and shot people.
I mean it doesn't it doesn't matter where you are.
I mean that's just the sad reality of the situation.
To blame the movie and say I'm not going to go see a midnight movie because I might get
shot is incredibly ignorant and disrespectful of all the history that came before.
I think.
Right?
Am I right?
Maybe?
You're more likely to get a heart attack from that bucket of popcorn than you are to get
shot at the movie theater.
It doesn't it doesn't mean that it's right that that happened or we should forgive it
or shrug it off as well.
People getting shot.
That's just something that happens.
I'm not saying that.
We need we still strive as a society to figure out where where were the warning signs so
we can catch it before this happens again.
How do we stop it from happening again.
Anyhow going to Google Plus quickly Wendy S. on Google Plus says we should point out
that millions of people play these games and with the number of people playing games pointing
out that the bad guy played games is saying is like saying he watched TV they did in fact
mention the bad guy in this case played role playing fantasy games ridiculous point in
that millions play Skyrim or wow I have to agree with Mike which I'll read in a minute
here that acting like ladies and gentlemen online and not accepting people being jerks
will help as well so let me go to that comment from Act Def that said well for starters stop
acting like dicks on online games or when gaming other people in general second stop
acting like you're a badass know it all just because you play first person shooter games
though this applies to other games to also educate the other people that aren't playing
video games and pretty much state to them that video games do not cause violence and
especially to parents proper education stops this kind of action luckily most people have
stopped blaming video games for this type of situations at least in a general sense
I'm a couple more comments quickly entertainment says we can point out how even the most level
headed and accepted comments can be wrong for example one of the most widely quoted
statements from Bowling for Columbine was by Marilyn Manson he said that he wouldn't
say anything to the people who executed the Columbine attacks he would listen to them
in David Cullen's book Columbine which in a review of the book is called the 9-11 Commission
report for this tragedy a psychologist who treated Dylan Klebold's dismissed Manson comment
as the wrong approach Klebold psychologist said that Dylan was a sociopath a manipulator
a young man absolutely set in his goals allowing him to talk would not have allowed anyone
to get into this criminals mind he would have charmed them just as he did his parents his
teachers and his psychologists oh my god Marilyn Manson then is on the warpath now he's been
charmed there's a whole nother thing I mean Marilyn Manson has basically made a career
off of attention-grabbing and it's the same thing many people have done in our culture
they've made millions off of grabbing attention Alice Cooper Madonna Gaga kiss right okay
lastly last comment Preston Evans says blame graduate studies for the shooting he was studying
neuroscience that would do that to anyone psyche in reality there is no current way
to stop ridicule of one small part of our society for one great event when all parties
have a part in it it's too hard to fix that just throw one to the wolves instead of of
all taking the slap on the cheek for your part in the grand planned all right I know
that's a tough topic guys but you know again on CNN and this happened on CNN within hours
there's that pundit on the TV it's video games this is what we have to put up with as a culture
so some different ideas from our listeners on how to stop it there you go our frugal
question of the week all right let's try to lighten the mood up let's get back into video
games talking about some less serious video games and so forth or in this case I guess
this is something a little serious going on on Xbox right Loki exactly they've been secretly
tightening their security and this started I guess with the spring update that we just
had the one that prepped for you know the fall update that kind of thing right now says
they are encouraging people to check their security information update their passwords
and of course you know the the update they said built on security enhancements for the
near future and so I guess they're working there might be something that they'll announce
for like the fall update or something like that my thing is though it I know I understand
that they're going to be secretly doing this stuff but why go such a secret route with
it unless you know maybe they're worried that they're if they said oh yeah we're updating
our security people ah so your security had issues that need to be addressed then you
just wouldn't admit to it but the same time when they do it secretly it kind of makes
me wonder they really did have issues that need to be addressed and they just didn't
want to cop to it so either way at least they're making it step in the right direction I guess
but they really say what security measures are being put in place that weren't in place
before and I can understand the secrecy behind me as critical as I've been of Microsoft on
this whole issue in the past I can understand why they don't want to give it all away because
they don't want to give the people that are hacking the accounts hints so I can understand
why they're being very vague about it and I'm strangely okay with that I'm glad they
have finally come out and said something finally and that they have said that they've taken
the measures to stop it and I I honestly think that hacked on xbox.com and their whole little
report about that they were working customer service I think that is directly to thank
for this finally coming out finally um and then here's some of the details of stuff they
do that we increase notifications to members whose accounts may be compromised to add proofs
update the passwords and if necessary or necessary uh contact xbox support this helps our team
lock down an account quickly investigate and restore the account to its rightful owner
uh we've taken legal action to pull down uh online posts of gamer tags usernames and passwords
gathered from malware phishing schemes to help protect our members our live um spring
update include me behind the scenes improvements to help us build on security enhancements
for the near future we are sending unique codes to sec um security phone numbers and
secondary email addresses provided by members to verify authorization for xbox.com purchases
um account change attempts uh not staying from members trusted device I can vouch for
that for a fact because we've had to recently um because you know how much of a pain in
the ass it is is to um stop their auto renew well we had some other co-workers I've created
accounts for my old pc but since you know um you know I've worked at the company that
I worked at uh my switch species and so they was asking me for a second verifiable thing
problem is though is you can put any phone number you want in there and they'll just
call you with the security thing so that doesn't really help you but I mean granted it will
give you a phone number that they can send that to cool or text it to that's the other
thing too so if like you know there's a lot of free texting programs out there that you
can get a disposable number for that so it's not it's an extra layer but it's not foolproof
have they finally programmed it in on the xbox where it asks you for your card security
code whenever you make a transaction because I know that's available on xbox.com no why
don't they do that that would have helped so in so many situations because the hackers
would not have all those card codes and only let a person do it like three times and then
it removes the card from file it would seem super easy that's the way to do it am I crazy
well they wouldn't be as convenient to purchase stuff and that's well too fucking bad because
it's the right thing to do well the right thing is not profitable and then of course
you know we're working on we're working to reduce market incentives for criminal activity
engaging in identity theft trading and stolen accounts and committing credit card fraud
are legal and violate our terms of use those involved in these activities blah blah blah
so they get banned and blah but here's the thing though is reduce market incentives last
I remember I believe Madden now started selling those cards too that FIFA was so popular for
you know those the ones that you can exchange for real money or something basically you
buy all these fun cards and sell the account so no you're not discouraging it in fact those
companies are encouraging it by adding more games to that process so I don't think that's
really going away but just change your passwords on a regular base all right moving on to another
new story here and this has to do with the Wii U we haven't talked a lot about tonight
but there's still some rumblings going on there's always new rumors every week and this
time it's about Borderlands 2 but Gearbox actually the co-founder Brian Martell came
out and said good things about the Wii U quote we really like the Wii U I think it's a really
cool platform I like what they're doing obviously with the touchscreen and it will be interesting
to see what Microsoft does with their approach to that idea it's one of those problems of
the Wii the only people who have ever made a lot of money on the Wii is Nintendo if Borderlands
2 was on the Wii U the thing I would most be excited about is inventory management it
would be amazing on that it would just be fantastic and I think the artwork would look
really good with the way they can deal with the resolution and textures I think it's a
really good console so a lot of people are jumping ahead and saying confirmed Borderlands
2 on Wii U well of course they want to port it to any system they can if it's easy to
port it over then cool but once again it's kind of running into that same issue with
what did DS do all the time oh well put the pause screen stuff the inventory stuff on
the bottom screen instead of you know having to be a separate screen so do I really want
to buy another system so that I don't have to pause my game to change my inventory I
don't fucking care I'll pause my game to change my inventory and not have to buy another system
for $300 but that's assuming you know you're a person who doesn't end up buying it for
some other reason I understand that but at the same time though you know all those inventory
things at the bottom screen you still have to look away from the screen to do all that
shit so I don't know oh well also in related news about the Wii U another Wii U game this
one's called Rise of the Guardians has been given a November release date November 23rd
for the 3DS DS 360 PlayStation 3 Wii and Wii U so this is another game being released in
November but I mean come on well it's game system to be out by November 23rd do I really
need to read yeah I'm gonna do it again November 18th it's coming out fucking November 18th
I don't know that for sure but it's coming out November 18th why because everything points
to November 18th as the day I can't wait for it to not be that day I'm gonna play that
clip on repeat I within seven days November 18th would you care to make a bet I have a
costume you don't have a costume that does not exist November 18th 249 to 349 price range
because of three different skews we already covered this on another show go back in the
archives and find it all right Alan what do you got for us in the silly and weird lawsuit
department there's the story that's come out company based out of out of Texas excuse me
I tech patent collector Unilock is the name of the company has filed suit against Mojang
Mojang as some people may realize or remember is a Marcus persons company he's the developer
and creator of Minecraft so this company Unilock is suing Mojang for and this is a typo in
the thing that was put out to Mojang like the notice they're being sued Minecraft with
a D so there's a typo in the claim that gets the name of the product wrong specifically
for the Android version of Minecraft the patent that it's been that they are accusing Mojang
of infringing is a system and method for preventing unauthorized access to electronic data isn't
that a password like I know I'm kind of ignorant about this this patent I haven't read the
whole thing because it's very dry but specifically the filing references claim 107 of the patent
which covers a computer code executable on an electronic device to prevent unauthorized
access to electronic data stored on the electronic device so I don't know if it's the certain
system or style that Minecraft is doing this on the Android but they're saying oh yeah
we did that and only we can do that so they're suing it and Notch has said unfortunately
for them they are suing us over a software patent if needed I will throw piles of money
making sure they don't get a cent software patents are plain evil innovation within software
is basically free and it's growing incredibly rapid patents only slow it down Unilock is
seeking damages compounded by both pre and post judgment interest as well as ongoing
royalties from a Mojang so like what the fuck yeah and it's not not Minecraft the PC platform
but specifically the Android one for whatever reason and not just saying lol at you alright
this does sound a little patent trollish to me right yeah it's just me because they got
the name of the yeah I got the name of the product wrong in the in the suit wow yeah
good luck with that guys moving on Loki people are really trying to give me the word that
tingle suit it's not gonna happen not gonna happen remember you lost your opportunity
should bought more copies of what was that again I don't remember the name and title
oh yeah I have judgment brown eye of judgment so let's talk a little bit about oh yeah because
you know it's been what a week so of course you know they were they've been doing updates
on the Kickstarter one of the updates that they did to kind of get people to trust them
a little more so that they let them know that one of the people on the production team is
actually the guy that helped launch the Amazon Kindle line movie Dolly I believe godly how
you pronounce his last name anyways he was in charge of the Kindle line you know he's
says you know he's basically his purpose there is to make sure that the system launches and
you know saying that you know my job is ensure that we meet the needs of gamers and developers
and you know saying that they're trying to get out the software development kit as quickly
as possible to perspective developers also that they're hiring engineers to join their
team as well some other announcements that they made regarding the oh yeah is that they're
going to have an exclusive game to it Robert Bulling's human element is going to have a
prequel on the system human element is going to be a zombie game that's going to be coming
out on consoles in 2015 that's a long time and he's going to have a prequel to be launching
on oh yeah first actually at the launch of the console and it's going to kind of follow
the the events that lead up to the actual human element game of course also you may
remember Robert Bulling from well his new studio Robo Robo Toki and he originally you
know was one developers for Call of Duty modern warfare so prequel and of course he also donated
ten thousand dollars to the project as well so they've got lots of you know their people
sign on there's actually a lot of indie developers that are kind of jumping on board as well
a lot of them actually have kick-started projects as well so at least there's gonna be some
games on there and they've been trying to answer questions and whatnot from the community
regarding why we've seen a controller and that kind of stuff so interest well now that
they have a game finally to talk about what do you think I think it sounds like a cool
game I don't know what kind of a game it is though but there's a lot of other like you
know people there in the Kickstarter you know world they're like that want to bring their
games to the console like one they're gonna be talking about pretty soon watch the very
soon is another shadow run game that they're thinking about bringing that to oh yeah as
well there's a lot of games are right now saying hey you know if we get this game out
we're gonna put it on you as well so they've got support it just I mean I think it's just
really early still in the development stage as far as you know the design I mean obviously
they haven't finalized a you know a controller yet but they're gonna have one it's just you
know they have a beta kit running or you know a prototype and that's it all right I'm gonna
move on with another story here but first we finally gave that code away instead of
doing it to just somebody random and unfortunately twice we hit people that weren't around I
finally put a call out in chat and I said look if you're gonna use this code and you
want the code send me a private message right now and I asked Alan to pick a random number
and the winner was Ospher won the code and yes he's going to use it so congrats thanks
again sorry that contest was a little bit of a mess but I thought I thought we do something
fun with the new website registration but oops I guess people were were checking in
and then leaving to get dinner so there you go at least we know it's gonna get some good
use because it was an opt-in thing that time all right let's move on to this I think this
is a little bit of a follow-up from last week because I remember we brought the first part
of this up because remember it was about that game on the iPhone that was heavily borrowing
quote-quote assets from torchlight and torchlight was pissed so they you know I guess they went
and they went on a Twitter rampage and all this stuff but here's the interesting thing
the company egls actually came out and made a statement I guess oh gosh where is this
here egls went to touch arcades and said we hardly agree with Travis Baldry from ruining
games who judged the egls wholesale stole most of the assets from torchlight egls is
entertainment game labs by the way who is the developer behind this only based on the
similarity between several small monsters the judgment is simply untenable yeah except
there's a little more to that egls employees say they are quote both crazy game fans and
a static movie lovers so the comparisons are an accident at best arm heroes said the last
time they checked was still available on itunes it's free to play with purchases well what
ended up happening a little later egls did come out and say all right we'll remove some
parts of the game so they talk about that they are going to make some small changes
to the game they want he but runic games really wants egls to admit that they just told me
well they did they actually stole even the audio from the game and really some unused
audio clips like a certain sort or something like that that they have in torchlight all
the audio files were named exactly the same as torchlight all of them like even you know
stuff that they didn't use he said I also downloaded the app you can unzip them and
look at any iphone app and there was a sound manifest that listed all the sound files that
was in the game and they were verbatim all of our sound files including our own misspellings
uh oh yeah so they stole them yikes now armed heroes online is now down I guess runic filed
a complaint and finally it got taken down but it took a little while that was on when
did it finally get pulled july 19th that was thursday when it finally got pulled and we
reported on that last week I wonder how many people uh grabbed that game black wolf in
our chat room says they're in china so there was nothing legal they could do yeah they
can't like they can't sue the company but they can fight them through apple that's what
they did apparently they can also reinforce stereotypes regarding china what that it's
thieves and gold farmers and all this remember mose and all this or what they copy they copy
and you know counterfeit stuff well and it's any it seems like any story I read nowadays
about a chinese company making a game it's oh okay would you counterfeit oh there it
is hey look we stole stuff from team fortress 2 this time oh hey shana linko in our chat
room says they also stole the warlock tier 10 gear for one of their classes from warcraft
world of warcraft so it appears they like to borrow from lots of different places hmm
but it's gone now and let's I wonder if apple actually like really hammered the ban hammer
on them because you know apple usually when shit like this happens apple will just say
you've lost your license done you're not getting to put publish anymore but most of them just
come back under another name you're not gonna publish anymore until you pay another hundred
dollars to buy a different license under a different name exactly all right every week
we invite your emails at mailbag orange lounge radio.com and dark soccer she usually dives
into the mailbag head first to read some of her favorite emails but in her absence she's
loaned the hazmat suit to alan who will dive into the email bag i need to state this we
received a lot of emails this week actually yeah there's a bunch um nine it's it's weird
because usually we're sitting here with one or two going send us more well you sent more
this week but here's what we're gonna do because we don't have enough time to read especially
after some of the other segments now we don't have enough time to read all the emails i'm
gonna have alan read the first half of the emails that came in we're gonna roll the second
half to next week okay uh it doesn't mean you can't email us still just send more emails
mailbag orange lounge radio.com but i mean like i even tried to go in and screen the
emails and like they're all valid they're all pretty good so we want to get to them
all just not all tonight first email is from robert m subject three questions this is robert
m and i just had three somewhat quick questions or rather two and an observation first have
you guys had the chance to check out spelunky yet i saw on a preview of the 360 version
that someone did a mac port so it's one of my steam shortcuts now reportedly steam may
be getting a version of the game with the 360s graphics and extra modes secondly if
you're too i haven't checked it out sorry blame the rest of the steam sale on that one
yeah secondly if you're too busy with minecraft based on what you know do you see updates
for the ios version falling by the wayside uh with the android version because i don't
really follow the minecraft forums enough to i haven't played the ios version at all
it's kind of like for ios game it's kind of expensive which is ridiculous because i have
like 19 credit on my itunes account right now thanks to gift cards but i don't know
i just i've kind of avoided it for some inexplicable reason but you have it don't you matt have
what minecraft on ios uh i have it on android oh you have it on android i would think that
i mean minecraft on pc is so popular because it's pretty it's like limitless right the
world just goes on forever right i don't think you can do that on the phone and i think the
the 360 has really taken off so maybe the phone's really limited what they've gotten
there's a lot of like there's object types that aren't there and there's a lot of things
that you have unlimited supplies of because they saw voice yeah technically the 360 version
is limited too but there was a story that came out this week they've sold 3 million
copies of that it's one of the biggest xbox live arcade titles ever crazy finally going
back to the email finally not a question i came across a banner ad for one of those free
to play empire building games with the mandatory woman in the image being anna williams as
in literally the tekken 6 character art weird i'm almost certain amco has nothing to do
with this ftp keep up it's probably from china i'm just saying i'm just gonna refer you
to that story we just read i'm just gonna say just just rewind the podcast 10 minutes
and go back to that last story and that's probably what's going on unless it's an amco
game but i kind of doubt that anna williams by the way was an amazing tekken character
just saying okay this one i'm not going to read because i think that's an admin question
for you oh yeah yeah don't read that one sorry that is one we can screen out okay um next
email from jeffrey help is there a support group to help me stop buying all of the games
in the summer steam sale maybe a transdermal patch to slowly meter out old video games
that i will probably never play well you came to the wrong place i've picked up a couple
indie bundles the thq pack and a few other odds and ends i most likely won't touch half
of the games included i'm just interjecting my own note here for all of the games that
i bought this weekend or on this week under the sale i don't have the hard drive space
to install like half of them at once so yeah it's very easy to have hundreds of gigs of
games in your library um i most likely won't touch half the games included now i see what
happens to old people when they watch qvc that shit is no joke my mother is addicted
to qvc and she'll never admit it and she'll hate me for telling you very prescient and
terrifying observation and it is 100 correct oh my god steam is qvc without the host but
at least qvc has like marie osmond and shit true story you guys i think i've mentioned
this on the show before for the new listeners true story you guys like my mother owns the
complete richard simmons doll collection from qvc my mother they're all old lady dolls too
my mother loves richard simmons doll form no she like legit like loves him please give
me some tough love yeah we need like a scared straight program for steve sales i i agree
i mean seriously it's just like spending money i don't have yeah please give me some tough
love tell me to stop uh i could also accept encouragement but that would be detrimental
to my wallet as always love the show and thanks for the years of entertainment lab rat y2k
again i'm gonna say you came to the wrong place because you probably heard the first
30 minutes of the show here's here's what i would like to see happen um a little bit
more to help offset the whole buyer's remorse saying i would like to see more of like an
organization of like certain gaming nights like hey let's all play borderlands we bought
it let's go play it or hey let's play some armor to daisy or something like that or hey
let's play this together so that it's not like why did i buy this game that like board
owns why did i buy borderlands oh play with other people they have the pc version but
i'm not actually gonna play with other people have the pc version lab rat y2k let me just
put it this way if you can't beat them join them join the vog network community on steam
there's also an orange launch radio community but we're trying to kind of push people more
to the general vog one now so we can be even bigger and uh more information is available
at vog network.com yeah i know this one's long but it's pretty good so oh i i'll read
it yeah it is a long email i know i know okay who's it from first read who it's from first
tonic vision all right now you read it excuse me wait wait wait i gotta i gotta address
this in the chat technus in chat says richard simmons scared the shit out of me when i was
a kid why did his did his nut fall out of his shorts he's harmless i have to admit that
guy takes a lot of shit and he really is just trying to be a good person you know what i
mean he's in his 60s now i know i hope i have that much energy when i'm 60 i know travis
likes to make fun of me and all that stuff and you know compare me to him but i could
only hope to be that energetic it's only gonna come out like sometime later and he's been
on some sort of drug or something like that like he's just the only drug that man is on
his penis okay he's on wow i'm just saying he's got a healthy dose of fabulous and there's
absolutely nothing wrong with that clearly hey right alan i'm just saying just saying
out there i mean like if that if that's what's making him so spunky at like age 60 i'm sorry
we need more i i'm be i'm being completely real i don't care travis you play this clip
over and over on your show if you want i don't care make fun of me we need more people like
richard simmons in the world really i mean there is there's nothing wrong with richard
simmons richard simmons is the antithesis of the evil we were talking about earlier
right what's what is wrong with richard simmons nothing i hope nothing like what you were
talking about ever does come out because that would greatly disappoint me but i think he's
just a good person he's just trying to get old people not to die what's wrong with that
we don't want grandma to die hi olr sorry tonic vision i got a chance yesterday to go
check out the wii u in person they are doing a tensity tour and inviting club nintendo
members and wanted to share my impressions with you to preface i would just like to say
that i don't consider myself to really be a fanboy of any particular system and don't
really have a vested interest in one over another because to me they all have various
strengths and weaknesses i own basically every current system including the 3ds and the vita
and i'm generally excited enough by next generation hardware to be a consistent early adopter
with that said i really cannot find any way to get excited about the wii u even after
hands-on play with each and every launch title why is this for me it is because of the following
three reasons so this guy got an exclusive invite to some like top secret come play the
wii u in an unmarked building type of thing speaking of which i may actually have an impression
of the wii u after this week oh our ubisoft guy may be bringing a wii u to our game conference
saying i think it's probably for just dance four but um is there a rabbids game on wii
u i'm sure there is may or may not he's trying to get a wii u dev kit out but we'll see hmm
all right sorry item one the name sucks plain and simple why is this a big deal it's a big
deal because it's indicative of the fact that nintendo has become a little too comfortable
this is still a we folks yes it has a new controller and yes the graphics are prettier
but it is still a we at the end of the day what is my motivation for investing in a new
console when it's still in large part the old console this may make sense when you are
buying a new smartphone and want those cool new features but you're going to be getting
a new one in a year anyway this console is going to be in your living room for at least
five years so why is essentially uh so why is essentially we the sequel two well you
bought on super nintendo you take a playstation 3 and that's okay sequel sequels to consoles
are fine there's nothing more buttons okay that was oh well fuck me i guess my whole
point's invalid thank you loki i've seen the light well i i think he's saying that aside
from the the graphics hardware i mean the nintendo to the super nintendo was a huge
step in audio visual mode 7 about your shit up all right all right rob rob yes if there's
games on the like okay the jump from the no nes sns so you have zelda and mario brothers
and then you had super mario world and you know zelda 3 links to the past which are two
like of the best games ever exactly exactly yeah those were amazing fucking games and
look at how much better they are than the pre you know the previous system are we seeing
that with the wii u that's the thing it's like we have a new mario game that's exactly
like the fucking mario game that's already on the wii that's my thing if they came out
with a game that's like holy fucking shit that's goddamn amazing it's so much better
than the previous mario game where oh my god look at the zelda game it's fucking amazing
it's so much better than the one louis then maybe it'd be a different story but it's not
they are the same fucking games slightly prettier but basically the same it is hard to argue
with that the only thing i could say is that the zelda game wasn't a launch title but granted
the mario game was um maybe the best is yet to come i hope we'll see item two mario mario
mario enough we get it mario sells like crazy everyone loves mario we get it we expect a
new mario title with the launch of a new nintendo system absolutely what we don't expect or
deserve is a lazy reskin of a game that came out three years ago this is not enough to
sell your system nintendo at least not to me it's like eating pizza for dinner does
it taste good absolutely do i want to eat it every day for the next 10 years hell no
so don't ask me to i would i was just telling alan last night we haven't ordered pizza in
a long time and he's like oh you want to go to papa murphy's get a take and bake i'm like
no i want no i can sausage that's right we are going like we're gonna call straw hat
and we're gonna get it delivered in a box can you put a christmas ham just right on
the pizza when i worked at it when i worked at a pizza place i never got sick of pizza
i could eat pizza every goddamn day and and i would be happy eating pizza every day i
understand the point item three the technology isn't new i have played games on a touch screen
and i've played games with motion control putting them together is not innovative and
really doesn't bring anything terribly exciting to the masses playing through each and every
launch title i can say for a fact that not one of these really do something unexpected
with the marriage of these two technologies perhaps a year or so after launch there will
be a handful of third-party titles that will push the envelope and do something daring
sadly nintendo certainly won't be leading by example for all of these excuse me for
all of these reasons i really find myself at a loss when attempting to justify this
purchase at launch or maybe at all sorry for the rant but that was the feeling i was left
with after two hours with the wii u and this i mean this guy is an uber nintendo fan because
you had to be to get in the click to go see the system right yeah but he said that he
doesn't he doesn't really stand for any console enthusiast enough well then he's kind of like
any of us i mean i mean i like nintendo but i like sony and microsoft too you know some
days it just depends who's pissing me off this week on a separate note i wanted to share
with you another preview of some art that will be showcased at the upcoming video game
power up art exhibition this will increase your x attached here are some pixel sculptures
we've created one of which was recently featured in your classic game of the week enjoy we
encourage all olr listeners in the chicago area to come out and see the show it opens
friday august 3rd from 6 to 10 pm at gallery 27 1833 halstead and will be open every friday
throughout the month you can also check out the show online at um all one word gallery
27 chicago.com i'll paste that in chat in a second if you can't make it in person thanks
and i hope to see you there tonic vision sadly none of us are in chicago at least here in
the room uh and i won't be through the area but um i know we have some listeners in chicago
we have quite a few actually so uh i i expect a full report tap tap tap one more i'll do
one more and that's just gonna leave three left over we'll figure out what we do with
those emails roll them over yep uh this is from nasty canasta evening olr crew among
all the discussion about theaters pricing on your show bobby blackwolf sand around the
web i thought it was interesting that nobody considered to bring up the square enix tax
there have been instances where rpgs and related titles published by square enix especially
rereleases have a price that is artificially raised above the norm take squenix's ps1 classics
catalog for example whereas most games are priced at 5.99 chrono cross chrono trigger
all final fantasies and xenogears are worth nine are worth 9.99 to purchase oddly front
know why that is you know why that is because you'll pay it plain and simple plane is i
mean i there there's really no other way to any any square fan is going to be this is
my own commentary any square fan is going to be cuckoo bananas about those games and
i mean they're to be fair they're legendary larger games too because i know xeno gears
was two discs yeah fantasy seven was three discs and file hasi eight was also three and
nine and chrono cross was two yeah so i mean yeah but i mean i don't know it's but yes
i understand this day and age that's kind of a weak argument oddly front mission three
and vagrant story do not have inflated prices despite both having rpg elements and those
were more sleeper hits too or cult hits that is true for them um and those were also one
disc yeah i'm sure the tax also applies to titles available from nintendo's virtual console
service at least in japan nasty canasta i love that name by the way and uh wasn't when
secret of mana was ported to ios and put on the apple store wasn't it like really expensive
like it's four or five bucks which was outrageous for what it was just a port of the SNES i
want to say those games on nintendo and super nintendo virtual console were like 100 microsoft
points more or excuse me wow 100 nintendo points more i'm losing it tonight sorry i
was distracted because look who came to say hello look who never comes out in the studio
to say hello and look who's here it's maruko kitty kitty kitty do you have a comment maruko
are you brown he's sniffing the microphone so how is your cat by the way um sanrio is
doing much better she just needed a day to um have it basically she gets constipated
and when she has a really bad hairball and she's plugged up it'll tweak this nerve in
her stomach and it completely like knocks her out for a day where she just she can't
eat she's she gets dizzy if she walks she'll stumble and fall down she just needed a day
to get better so kitty can't poop but she can poop now sorry for the tmi uh but yeah
that it's really scary to see your cat like completely out of it you don't know what's
wrong well and a really good friend of ours had to put down their cat this week and i
know that's like really difficult and it was it was a long time trying to get him better
and figure out what was wrong with him so they finally had to it's yeah it's tough we
get really attached to our pets yeah so i love my kitty and i'm glad that she's better
but i need to make sure that doesn't happen again because i don't like seeing her like
that um yeah that's it for emails all right let's get to the fus of the week it's the
part of the show where we rent why because we can it's our show
uh f you to people that change lanes without signaling there's a lot of you out there i
don't know why people do that it's really annoying um also f you to the steam sale for
i guess i should blame myself but i'm blaming the steam sale uh for having me spend way
more money than i i wanted to on this new sale and uh buying games that i i will probably
play but just right away and just adds more games to the list and then um yeah that's
it uh alan you wanna go yeah on friday night my i have this gorgeous 25-inch hilt packard
uh monitor for my pc the picture on it's amazing and on friday night it started to flicker
like there was maybe some emf interference from like a nearby appliance or maybe the
backlight of the lcd was starting to go out which was terrifying because i don't want
to buy a new monitor right now so that sucked but i replaced the i took it off hdmi cable
and i plugged it into my video card with a dvi cable and now it's fine so the hdmi cable
went bad so fu to shitty eight dollar amazon hdmi cables that make you think your monitor
is dead well you should have got a sixty dollar monster cable they're all the same just buy
the cheapest possible cable yeah it was a belkin on amazon it lasted two years but i
guess the hdmi cable went bad so f you to heart attacks that yeah over technology people
wholesale.com they're damn cheap and it's one day shipping to us that's where i get
cables when i get happy did they pay you for that ad no next time they should but they're
so cal or actually no they're not so cal they're i don't know somewhere in the bay area or
something and so it's only my day not bad um i don't really have a lot of angst things
are going pretty good i i have a lot going on so fu to being really busy and i'm kind
of obligated to something over the next couple months is really gonna really cut into my
weekends which really stinks because i really need to like get back to san francisco and
see like grandpa warcraft and some other people over there and so on and fu to the fact that
the annual showing of showgirls which we must go to is the same day as another theater thing
i have here so i've got to make sure i can go because i love movie showgirls it's so
bad it's good you don't know shit all right uh let's move on loki one more news story
for us then i've got something and then that's the part where we get to taking your calls
at 1877 game olr our username on skype orange lounge radio but after two more stories here
so you can't go to both of those events because there are different places okay the same sorry
i've seen that's good i'm happy you made a showgirls showgirls one too many times and
it was only because i want to see the boobies that's that's really the only reason to watch
showgirls more than one time anyway so just saying um so let's talk a little bit about
kickstarter because why not we we always talk about kickstarter because it's in the news
all the time so a couple new games shadow run online i'm kind of excited about that
because shadow runs pretty awesome um but they're starting a kickstarter they're looking
to raise half a million dollars by august 14th so you can go check them out at kickstarter
um i'd i'd be interested in seeing a shadow run game um that's online i've already backed
the other one uh defense grid 2 if you're a fan of the tar defense games obviously you're
probably familiar with defense grid um they're trying to get some funding for kickstarter
or from kickstarter as well they kind of went the whole penny arcade route where you know
they put the goal down as 250 000 but really they need 1 million dollars to fully fund
the sequel otherwise you only get you know if they reach their goal of you know quarter
million dollars you get an expansion then if a half a million you get a remastered version
in the you know of the first game in the second game's engine and at you know three quarters
of a million you get you know level editor and then 1 million you get a sequel it's kind
of lame but that's how they're doing it and then last but not least if you're looking
for a alternative to kickstarter uh the website games planet has launched a new service called
games planet lab it's basically a crowd uh funding service it's in the uk um which is
kind of cool because it's not us only because kickstarter is us only um so you have to have
you know a way to you know pay via amazon on that but it's based in europe and they
will have uh projects from around the world and uh already they've got a couple games
on um the service that you can fund one's magrunner it's a you know title from 3am studios
and uh it's like a first person puzzler game and then they've also got uh day one which
is like an adult themed point and click adventure game like leisure suit larry uh they say it's
uh heavily influenced by uh the devil's dictionary i don't know i've never never heard of that
so um can't really say i believe the difference so with this uh service as opposed to kickstart
because i think one of the reasons uh people are kind of like i don't know about you know
crowdfunding stuff you know how we know we're actually a game i think they have um like
a process that they actually kind of review these games before they you know allow them
to be on the service also it's only going to be games on this service since you know
it is game planet labs um so that's kind of neat i guess if they have that um so cool
and so that's the alternative if you want to check it out it's i believe at lab.gamesplanet.com
want to say yeah lab.gamesplanet.com all right well uh since you just did a bunch of kickstarter-esque
stuff here um this one is kind of another kickstarter inspired thing but like it or
not kickstarter is now kind of a part of pop culture right now and that's probably one
of those things that we'll look back on in 10 years and on the next vh1 i love the 2010
decade special you'll have you know someone there talking about how everybody was in the
kickstarter and the other stuff inspired and one of the things that kickstarter has inspired
from namco bandai is nino starter and it has to do with the upcoming game nino kuni wrath
of the white witch wizards edition we have talked about this collector's edition before
on the show and we talked about how it's going to come with the game and a 300 page book
a little doll and some dlc will all be included in this well now they're expanding this for
the us based on the number of pre-orders so it doesn't say though what they will keep
adding to it when they hit different levels but i'm going to the page right now which
you can get at nino starter.com they don't say exactly what you will unlock but apparently
if you hit these different pre-order goals they're going to add stuff to the collector's
edition which is kind of cool oh here it is the first one the first item is a set of five
nino kuni prince so little crappy little postcards basically you know if that's you know but
that's cool i like that they're adding more stuff based on the number of pre-orders that's
i kind of like that i gotta admit i mean it's so what if it's nothing that exciting it's
still it's exciting to people that are really into this series i'd be all over this shit
if warcraft did this you know what i mean so that's a cute a cute little thing that
kickstarters inspired yes yeah all right i think it'd be better if it was like the regular
game and you know the more people that pre-order the game like more free shit like they upgrade
it for free like do a special edition or something like that and have crap that they throw in
there yeah that'd be a little bit better because collector's editions that's really a niche
niche niche audience you're you're not going to niche game with it now you know collector's
edition that's going to be even more niche than that it's 99 dollars too if you want
that collector's edition fuck that well see here's the thing i believe it or not i'm tempted
because i really do love you know the studio ghibli stuff and and the game looks good but
i just don't like i feel really weird taking that leap of faith when i don't really know
if the game's good or not i guess i could go a little japanese pretty good i know but
just because it looks pretty good come on what have we learned sometimes games that
look good don't really end up being very good or lasting a long time so i don't know but
i do think that doll is really cute though and the dlc might as well all right anyhow
uh we'll see we'll see if i get on board or not apparently uh you have until august 31st
to do this and they even have the little countdown clock there on nino starter.com it says right
now 2683 fans does that mean that many people are pre-ordered i'm assuming i don't know
maybe but uh little trailers available there and everything it's a cute little idea all
right we're going to open up the skype line at 1877 game olr or our username on skype
is orange lounge radio if you want to give us a call and talk about anything we've talked
about tonight or maybe there's a story you think we've missed the skype line is now open
we'll get to last minute stories in a minute but i also want to read some of the tweets
that have come in at twitter.com slash olr and i'm going to start off tonight with a
tweet from dave falcon tweets us and says a few days ago i picked up duke nukem forever
at game stop for $4.99 yeah wow my how the mighty have fallen and fallen quick would
you buy it for $4.99 no i'd be curious i got well maybe it was gearbox made borderlands
dude i understand that and it's really sad what they had to work with uh for duke nukem
uh that's i mean that was kind of one of the things too it's like they lost a lot of credit
with that but borderlands 2 looks really awesome so all right let me go to the phones because
we are getting a call hi you're on orange launch radio who's this hey this is excellent
hey x-link buddy what's up nothing really too much hey loki i'm also hyped for borderlands
2 i'm so happy that ashley is actually going to have a role inside of it playing as tiny
tina which is absolutely great because i love watching uh hey ash what you're playing so
i i thought she was great doing those so it's going to be kind of intriguing to see uh how
all that works out after after they uh bring everything to uh to it it's good to know too
that they actually have the game already done so hopefully they'll patch up any kind of
bugs or anything within that game so this hype train has me very interested with i'm
a big big fan of the first one i have the first one with all the dlc and actually i
would like to team up with some people go through the the arena part and get the rest
of the humans i did the the first arena by myself but the other ones are just brutal
after that so even with all my weapons i have so i swear i will try and play the game soon
i had to remove it from my hard drive because i needed the disk space but um it'll be back
uh really a couple things real quick chaos rings from uh square enix is 12.99 actually
on the uh is store right on the is store and then the sequel which came out not too long
ago was actually 17.99 so those are really expensive compared to xeno gears and the rest
of those for 9.99 i'd rather get those anyways at least that way you know i would have a
copy i could always play um compared um you know because you know you know stuff happens
you know this can break you know get scratched really easily um you know they're they're
very hard those are games also they were very hard to come by too you look on ebay you're
trying to find them they were going up to 50 70 80 a pop for some of those games so
um just to say oh well you know they're trying to you know gouge the price you know 10 bucks
it's a very simple price i'd rather pay 10 bucks than 50 or 60 you know wow yeah the
same thing it was the same thing with the seam sales you know i'm looking i bought uh
the dudgeon seed collection for seven dollars and 49 cents that was like 75 off i bought
a brink for five bucks i know that's a crappy game but i like these little person shooters
from time and time after having a rough day of work coming home and shooting something
it's really great to have some of this stuff and then of course i bought for my girlfriend
uh the secret of the magic crystal for a dollar 25 so i mean you can't really beat those prices
for the for the sale so i'm looking at my ipad right now at the store and yeah i mean
square really does charge a premium for some of their games final fantasy tactics 17.99
yeah chaos rings 2 just like you said 19.99 on the ipad yeah i i'll pass on that you can
get imaginary range for free yeah i have my three i have my 3ds that can you know play
those games just some of those games just fine and you know i'd rather do it or something
like that then you know i didn't worry about paying you know 18 19 bucks on a on an app
that when i'm middle doing something like you like you said basically for mass effect
3 is going to crash upon me you know i i pass on that so um oh it's absolutely 100 you know
bulletproof it's not going to crash or anything maybe but even then that's that's a considerable
amount of money that's a big chunk so um especially since i have most of those games anyways and
it is everyone get the same thing you know i'm not i really don't feel like pay 17 18
bucks for it again i'm sorry so um and also about these shootings and you know they always
you know every time when some of this happens you know they're you know always blaming the
media some somehow whether it be video games uh movies you know uh music you know it's
kind of weird they never mentioned books like what kind of books was a person reading what
kind of reading was the person doing to get to maybe even this frame of mind oh some books
are just as dangerous just as anything else some people still there's no moving objects
or anything within books excellent some people still blame books i mean you know granted
i'm getting a little historical here but fahrenheit 451 was a book ironically that was kind of
all about that and we still have this day and age you know people that try to ban books
from the public library you know what catcher in the rye always comes up on that list because
yeah it's smut you know harry potter no but yeah yeah absolutely but you know what we
need to do too is also look at the good stories look at the things i've done you know somebody
saved you know a family or something from a building building you know maybe try to
try to twist out you know not really twist around a little bit maybe try to see if that
person is a gamer say hey look this person was a gamer this person just saved a family
you know he you know just because these people are gamers doesn't mean you know oh i like
halo and warcraft i don't go around you know decapitating people shooting people in the
head because you know i'm seeing this you know in the game and i'm going okay i think
this is okay you know it's what about all the good things gamers do do you know they
always look for those little i understand me now i understand the way it works and the
way it runs i always i'm i help some local media outlets here and i understand that and
it's always you know trying to get one step ahead of everybody else and try to look for
that one little niche that you can go aha this is you know the reason though it's not
even totally true but um you know m&m basically put it to words of best on the way i am and
i love that lyric when he goes um they blame it on maryland and the heroin where will and
look where it's at and you know it's kind of funny because those little things it's
kind of like looking for that little niche looking for that little thing to to basically
saying you know if these weren't here just what you know this would have you know would
never happen in the first place though it would and it's unfortunate too because it
you know happened in such a closed area but you know like i you know like you said before
i even after seeing these stories stuff happens i'm still going to go to libraries i'm still
going to go to grocery stores i'm still going to go to movie theater watch my movies you
know i and i don't you know we should let these little things affect our everyday life
and you know and if it doesn't then you know if it does then congratulations they they
win it's that simple so very very well said i agree excellent i gotta let you go to get
some more calls but thanks for the call okay buddy absolutely all right take care buddy
one eight seven seven game olr our username on skype is orange lounge radio go ahead and
give us a call uh meanwhile uh loki do you have any last minute stories i do have a couple
of the tweets here but i was just gonna uh comment one more time on the games planet
lab thing because that's kind of vague on what exactly they do different than um uh
the kickstarter well they actually have 10 um commitments that they're going to make
one of them you know a quality label designed with gamers drm the gamers experience before
all secure payments uh respect of ip clear timetable a guarantee for delivery rewards
um fund virtuous funding solutions real selection work project holder identity and clear information
so basically just kind of providing more information more um commitments let me go let me go to
the phone or let me go to the phones we have another call hi you're on orange launch radio
who's this this is oscar hey oscar what's up i'm happy that i resisted the newel as
bobby would call it yay but you you ended up winning a steam code though so yeah i mean
it's it's good that i won that but like all my friends are like oh i have no money and
now i've been like using all my wallet funding on these steam sales and i'm just like i only
bought one game and that game wasn't even for me like i bought um mass effect one for
a friend oh there you go so have you been tempted by any of the steam sales um not really
like i'm just sort of looking at game i'm sorry say that again uh-oh did we lose him
i think we lost them can't hear you buddy plug the mic back in oh oh it says internet
connection problem uh-oh between us dropped did we drop yeah uh-oh yeah okay no no don't
take that no no it's good no don't don't it's just a hiccup because we are still oh good
he called right back we probably lost all the listeners oh no there went the uh feed
hopefully it'll come back hey you still there uh yes we can hear you we're taping go ahead
and keep going with your question for the podcasties we're we're offline right now but
the podcasters are still hearing this so um i had asked you if there was anything that
you were wanting off of steam oh yeah yeah well i was like looking at um i'm tempted
by amnesia and alan wake like alan wake won because i heard it's kind of silent hilly
and so i might like that and amnesia actually did i watched a group play through it and
i played like a little part of it myself but like there are some bits and pieces i missed
so i should really get the full game but i don't know that game made me terrified at
some points like there's actually a video of me playing through it at one point and
i'm just like screaming when i do something blatantly obvious that hurts me and i don't
know it's a great game wait you're saying there's this video like it's out there on
youtube yes oh you need to give me the link uh okay here it's a video of like a bunch
of people like in my group down at college we all get together and we play games late
at night and um that was one of them and it just has all the screen and you you film your
antics and put them up on youtube for your adoring public it wasn't me okay it was the
guy who was in our group he brings in his desktop and i even know this but he has like
a microphone sitting behind the desk that we're playing at and he's just recording everything
and so he takes the screen and then he like slows it down and it's pretty hilarious all
right well while you're looking for that link for me is there anything else you want to
call in to discuss tonight um nothing else other than the fact that i might regret getting
my friend mass effect because he gets it gets really into it then he'll eventually get the
mass act 3 and then i'll be like oh i want to play with you online i guess i have to
get the dc version now too crap well look at it this way you'll never be able to connect
so just you know don't get your hopes up yeah that's that's true all right all right buddy
you take care enjoy that uh enjoy that beta all right thank you for it hey no problem
thank boshka take care bye bye all right uh 1877 game olr or our username on skype is
orange lounge radio if you want to give us a call while i still wait for that um link
for the video of uh ospher screaming at the amnesia because i think amnesia reaction videos
are really funny i love the one that alan put on my wall on facebook of the guy playing
through amnesia where it just starts and like the first door opens he's like lol nope and
quits it's like a 10 second video all right let's go to the phones again and hope the
phone doesn't drop during the call hi you are on orange launch radio who's this you're
such a hater about the mass effect 3 pc game it pisses me off how can you not be mad because
the xbox does the same exact thing you but you haven't no xbox hasn't robbed me of credits
yet it doesn't matter it robbed you of playing it on pc and that's a far worse offense what
what surely you didn't just call to complain what else did you call about um no actually
it was all complaining um because i'm mad you didn't play jack levin's theme during
that f-zero break when it's clearly the best song in the game the folks listening on the
podcast don't even know that we played f-zero music during the break i don't care they're
not special um they didn't get to hear f-zero music use an opinion of shane or shanes what
i'm just saying um anyway making sure the podcast listeners know you're a jerk there
you know that um and now i have to go find my copy of f-zero because i may need to play
it even though like my flipping people off finger is so badly hurt right now yeah you
like cut your finger before the show that's not good you were posting pictures on facebook
and they're really gross why do people do that i don't i don't need to see your wounds
all over facebook my finger is kind of like the current model 3ds it has three different
layers now it's got the fingernail and then the finger and then the huge like flap that's
left over where my finger got cut you're disgusting no the picture you posted of your uh dog was
much better yeah he was tuckered out from all the blood all right look did you have
anything else you wanted to talk about tonight um no no not really i just wanted to complain
that's kind of bored then i'm gonna let you go hater no not if i do it first look and
he hung up there you go thank you shane i think all right uh anyhow let me uh i want
to go to one other okay this is the youtube that ossofer was point oh this is a six minute
long video oh good he linked me right to the right part good job osfer it's loading i'm
gonna have to wait for that to load it's buffering meanwhile we'll take one more call hi you're
on orange lawn's radio who's this what up guys it's zinek or the okc how you guys doing
hey i'm good how you doing zinek or hey no staying employed that's that in this economy
that's a hard thing to do yeah yeah actually i've been playing a hell of a lot of the streets
of rage v5 remake that got pushed out oh yeah did sega succeed in getting that pulled it
already escaped to the internet there's no stopping it that's right they may kill their
own personal link but it's out in the wilds now that's very true so uh what made you decide
to play the play this remake you just love streets of rage dude they they did rearrangement
of usazuki's music what what version do you need you thought f0's music was good you put
that stuff on with real instruments and everything behind it it's amazing you want to put it
up in the club and just play all night so the soundtrack alone is worth checking it
out for that's cool yeah i ripped the whole thing it's already on my phone so i can listen
to it in my car when i'm driving awesome awesome yeah but it's actually a pretty faithful remake
so it you know it's all pixelated and everything even if you make it full screen so it's almost
like playing on a on maim or something else like that but it's all custom so it did quite
a good job with it in fact that it's almost i i understand why sega might want to squash
it because it's almost a better version what they've been putting out for their games it's
better than what they do to sonic in some ways exactly probably yeah i could see that
i could see that so uh what else is on your mind this week uh that's pretty much it i
mean yeah the steam's taking care of everything but they still can't lure me to skyrim until
they get a game of the year version so i can get all the dlc at once for one price thanks
very much there is no dlc on pc yet i believe uh the vampire dlc comes out when it's got
to be really soon right yeah but they went sooner or later it will but i did pick up
the uh the uh arkham city dlc for three bucks so i played my two hours of that and was like
ah okay neat oh yeah that's right that just uh that was the big thing that was on sale
during the week too i forgot about that yeah almost all the dlc has their own little mini
sales you just got to go into the game to see them if they're not currently running
on the front page so so you all got like what 30 minutes to one and a half hours to go and
check out all the dlc that you want so you can get it at a worthwhile price that's right
you better hurry everybody and that's all i had so good show guys keep it up all right
thank you xena core appreciate it buddy have a good one okay later later and that's about
sadly all the calls we can take tonight i'm very sorry we didn't get to everybody the
phones were actually blown up tonight i'm loving the participation though you guys thank
you for emailing thank you for calling i'm sorry we couldn't get everybody but be sure
to like you know um send us more emails participate on the forums at vog network.com you can also
tweet us i will do one more tweet here that video won't load i'm gonna have to try after
the show must be just our internet connections kind of jank tonight i guess so um anyhow
let me uh read this real quick this is a link from tiger claw and i love this story microsoft
had to apologize because a programmer hid the phrase big boobs in company software microsoft
apologized for the joke because it was an offensive string the computer did fix or did
fix the issue with a patch the offending code is within computer code that connects the
linux kernel to a microsoft virtualization product now apparently there's a string in
the hexadecimal computer language that says in hexadecimal big boobs if you can figure
out how to read it the code was spotted by programmers and caused controversy within
the community because of course they want to distance themselves from being just a all
male pig-headed club but i don't know i think big big boobs is harmless that's funny i'm
sorry big boobs is funny even even women like boobs right yes if jamie were here she would
say yes trust me but they say oh it's childish humor da da da da da da da da it's just boobs
it's just boobs all right that's all i have for the tweets uh loki do you have any of
the last minute stories yeah just one thing uh there's a new operation because you know
there's operation rainfall so now there's operation zero which is trying to convince
nintendo of us uh to bring fatal frame 2 the wii edition to the us
so they they've got it they've got a facebook page you can go check out so just search for
operation dash zero and uh they're gonna have a letter writing campaign starting this week july
25th through the 27th good luck with that i finally got ossifer's video to load
come on yeah did that scream really come out of the same guy who called us a minute ago
uh you know i haven't installed that game yet i have that game yeah i have it too but i'm afraid
if i play it alan will be there with a camera you making that i'm gonna make that same noise
that's why i'm not gonna play it all right so that's it for last minute stories that's it that's
it for twitter topics and that means that is it for the show we are about on out of here but not
before we get everybody's final thought alan thank you so much for sitting in on the show tonight in
place of dark sakura appreciate it a pleasure as always good job and thanks for your insight
appreciate it um hopefully we'll see you again don't be a stranger yeah uh hopefully you'll have
more sunday nights off in the future if your boss is listening i'm just kidding i know you like
making the money too uh do you have any final thoughts for listeners hamburger helper helps
your hamburger make a great meal thank you that's very deep it's insightful um loki your final
thought tonight my final thought is next week on saturday i want to play some serious call of duty
and the week from that or week from wednesday i'm gonna play some serious red or play your
one lots of stuff on the line good luck good money in a delorean win a delorean do it my
final thought tonight is nutter butter so that's it thank you guys so much for tuning into orange
lawns radio we really appreciate the support you know it is an ad-free show all we ask you guys
if you enjoyed what you heard here at orange lawns radio tell a friend or two about the show
help us spread the word tell people about vog network.com check out some of the other great
shows on vog network.com we just added two new shows last week critical myth and british invaders
both really great shows but check out pod culture understation live girls gone wow anime jam session
and yes even horde house too check out all the great shows at vognetwork.com bobby blackwell
of course i always plug his show but there's lots of great stuff at vognetwork.com and um
yeah thanks you guys just for being here and uh staying up for three hours with us and being
entertained we really appreciate it and you guys are awesome and we'll see you next week
when we'll do this all over again with another episode of orange launch radio have a great night
you've been listening to orange lounge radio orange lounge radio is a production of olr
studios to join us for a live show tune into vognetwork.com sunday nights at 6 p.m pacific
9 p.m eastern the views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those
of the staff of orange lounge radio or vog network but you know they were all still true see you next
time
