Orange Lounge Radio
With your hosts, Dark Sakura, Sky and Loki
Tonight, July 1st, 2012, a full-time anime channel is console-bound,
a classic edutainment title is set to become a movie, and one gaming company turns 40 years old.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello, my friends out there on the Internet, and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice here at Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live as we are every Sunday night at VOG Network, or the Voice of Geeks Network, VOGNetwork.com.
We do tape live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
My name is Rob Roberts, and I'll be joining you over the next few hours to talk about gaming,
and have some LOLs, and start 10 more years of the fun with my co-host.
Say hello first off to Dark Sakura, or Jamie Summers.
Loki has curly fries.
I know, he always brings such yummy food and then waves it in front of us.
I think that he should give me one.
May I please have a curly fry?
Techmaster Loki here tonight, what do you say?
Aww, he's handing one over.
They gave me small and a medium because they were out of large boxes.
So is that like Jack in the Box math? Small plus medium equals large?
Oh my god, Grease.
Grease is truly the word.
Joining us tonight, we have a special guest, somebody who hasn't been on the show in a while,
but he's no stranger to OLR, but maybe some of you haven't heard him before.
Say hello to Alan!
Hello.
How are you doing?
I'm doing great.
Awesome. Now you're on the wonky mic tonight, I might have to have you switch out,
because I've already heard some little crackle-shreckle.
So yeah, chat, if I sound like crap, let us know. Don't let me go through the whole show like this.
Or pretend he's a robot.
There you go. How are you doing?
I'm good.
What's new with you since you were on the show last? I don't even remember when you were actually on the show.
Well, you've made cameo appearances, like one or two lines.
I'll be in the office playing a game and then I will run out into the living room and just shout something
that's relevant to the show when I'm not even on the show.
Does this microphone work?
It's not even plugged in. It's muted.
I understand that, but would it work if you were plugged in?
Yeah, in fact, the hissing is still happening, so I'm going to ask Alan to switch out the mic he's using
and pick up that other one instead. Let me actually mute that.
Live radio.
The choice of live radio at vognetwork.com.
Okay, try again.
Okay.
All right, you're just going to be a little quiet, so be sure you talk good and loud.
I'll turn up your gain a little bit and I'll hopefully help.
Did you say you were going to turn up the gay a little bit?
No, the game.
Hey.
Hey, girl. Welcome to Orange Town Radio. What do?
Stop. So I got a job in early May that has me working nights.
I work in a call center because it's an election year doing political surveys,
and usually when OLR is taping for the last month and a half, I've been at work.
I get home at like 10 o'clock or like 930 when the show's wrapping up.
Yeah, I got a little promotion, so I'm going to have later hours,
but hopefully that doesn't start until next week.
So here I am, taking advantage.
So here you are taking advantage of the week off, I should say, that you have.
Yeah.
So welcome. All right, well, we are going to get in, of course, to all the news this week,
or lack thereof. Is it just me or was it really kind of a slow news week?
I mean, when people are reporting on Twitter, that's usually an indication it's a slow week.
I've been in a Normandy-shaped bubble all week, so I haven't cared.
Well, it sounds like we need to get to gaming weeks, but first, before we get to gaming weeks
and the obvious game that Dark Soccer has been playing, I always like to do kind of a kickoff topic,
and I've got to start with this one tonight.
And I want to talk about what it means, and those that have seen the FUGL Question of the Week,
which I'm going to read in Part B in a little bit, kind of know about this already,
but I wanted to talk a little bit about what it means to be a real gamer.
I want to read a conversation I was having with somebody online.
Now, I don't know this person super, super well, but they're a gamer and I'm a gamer,
and I was kind of trying to figure out, like, okay, maybe there's a multiplayer game we play in common or whatever.
So I'm going to read this conversation that we have, and I want you guys to tell me what you think.
So he asked me, what games are you playing?
And I said, I've been stupid addicted to Mass Effect 3.
It's the first multiplayer game in a long time I can stand to play with strangers.
I just got into the whole series like three months ago, played all three games back to back.
And he replies, is that a first-person shooter?
And I replied, it looks like one, but it doesn't really play like one.
On the easiest difficulty, your team does all the work for you.
I play a class that's more of a magic user, so I hang back.
You know, I'm trying to kind of like put it in RPG terms.
So I hang back and blast everything.
It's got a really strong story.
I call it more of an RPG with FPS elements.
Now, before you guys correct me that Mass Effect isn't truly a first-person shooter.
It's a third-person shooter.
I'm aware of this, but it has FPS elements.
That's the key word.
As in it doesn't make Jamie motion sick.
Right.
Or, you know, when it's sniper rifle, it's first-person.
But it does, especially when you're playing multiplayer, it kind of feels like it's got a lot of that Halo-esque vibe to it.
But it's different.
I really, really like it.
But here's the reply I got.
Eh, first-person shooters aren't real games, and the people who play them are not real gamers.
No offense.
Those are fighting words.
Hold on.
It gets better.
I replied, LOL, there's a big difference between Battlefield or Modern Warfare and Mass Effect.
Trust me.
No offense taken.
I know I'm a true gamer.
Happy face.
And the reply, LOL, if you say so.
I just feel fighting and first-person shooter games require no thought at all.
So, yeah.
LOL.
The amount of side-eye at this table right now, we're all just like, really?
Ask any of the people who play in the Street Fighter tournaments and how they obsess over their technique.
I was just really taken aback.
Well, anyway, I replied back.
I said, you know, I'm trying to be nice, but at this point I'm like, dude, what are you smoking?
So I'm like, fighting games is a pretty broad category.
I'm not very good at a lot of the modern ones.
But in some ways, combat on the 2600 is a fighting game.
Like, I'm kind of trying to say, like, dude, you're being ignorant right now.
So I asked back, I said, so, what does make a real gamer?
No reply.
Of course.
Is this someone I know?
No, no, this is people online.
You don't understand that you've been trolled.
No, I don't think so.
I think this person was very legitimate in their thinking.
But I'm just, I was really surprised at how offended I was at that initial comment.
Like, that first person shooter players are not real gamers.
I don't play first person shooters a lot.
I mean, but I've played Quake.
I've played Doom.
I've played, you know.
Honestly, though, that argument that first person shooters and fighting game players are not real gamers is like saying people of color are not real people.
I mean, it's just, seriously, that's how ignorant that statement is.
Okay, well.
I mean, it is.
I mean, seriously, it's like, oh, I'm sorry.
These are games.
Now, if he said casual game, like, you know, if they play Farmville, then yes, I might be able to side with that.
Okay.
I don't know.
Dictionary.com.
Gamer.
A person who plays games, especially computer or video games.
The end.
Do you play games on your computer?
Yeah, I was actually playing a couple earlier today.
Do you play games on a console?
But Jamie, one of them was a first person shooter.
According to the dictionary, a gamer is one who plays games.
And you know, I played a fighting game before.
I'm just trying to imagine this person, like, playing Civ 2 or Civ 3 blindfolded, like, with pins going into his body because the pain, like, brings him closer to the experience.
So what kind of games does this person play?
I have no idea.
I tried.
I asked.
I didn't get a reply.
I think this person gave up.
Because I'm just, you know.
Clearly I'm ignorant.
Clearly I'm an idiot.
There's really all games out there have some sort of, you know, strategy or actual skill involvement.
Well, except for, like, you know, pure random luck games like, you know, gambling a slot machine.
There's no sort of skill there.
But, um, so it's kind of stupid to say, oh, well, they're not really gamers.
No, I understand that, yeah, you can get a lot of people button mashing first person shooters and, you know, fighting games.
But you can do the same.
You can button mash through fucking.
Okay.
Okay.
Merriam-Webster dictionary.
Gamer.
A player who is game, especially an athlete who relishes competition.
Two.
A person who plays games, especially a person who regularly plays computer or video games.
Merriam-Webster.
Now I'm going to try, um, what's the other one?
Webster.
Let's go to our chat room, the always present fourth guest on our show.
Live.vognetwork.com if you want to participate live here with our show.
And you can check in if you're listening live at vognetwork.com and get your points.
And I'm going to talk about check-ins in a little bit, but we've still got some ground to cover.
So reading from chat, I want to start with Burr tonight because this comment that he says here is it for me.
It's hitting the nail on the head.
Burr says, you're not a real gamer unless you only play what I play.
And that's, I think, exactly where this guy is at.
And I'm going to guess, he didn't answer my question.
He's had a day and a half to answer and he's not answered.
I would guess a real gamer is one that plays Final Fantasy and, you know, RPGs.
Because I really wanted to counter that with, oh, so you're into Oblivion?
Because there's something about that whole East versus West RPG thing.
And I bet this guy would have been like, no, Oblivion's a first person shooter.
But like, I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. Not really, but I'm going to kill you with words.
Well, he's wrong anyway.
He is, he is.
We have a dictionary definition, one who plays games.
And I would even expand on that, that there's tabletop gamers, you know?
We used to say, you know, when we talk about going to a tabletop game, we say we're going to game.
I mean, so it's the same thing.
A gamer is one who plays games.
AcidicVampire in our chat room says, seriously, tell that guy to play Bioshock and then we'll talk.
There's a really good example of a first person shooter that's like definitely not Modern Warfare, Battlefield.
Or Portal.
Oh yeah, Portal's a great, I mean, Portal, Portal.
And that actually doesn't make me motion sick.
Portal is an amazing first person shooter, if you think about it.
Well, this is also exactly like, you know, you're not a real sports, you're not a sports fan.
You know, if you like hockey or soccer, you know.
Football!
Football!
Real football.
Football.
I'm calling it soccer because I'm American.
I can do that.
I can be ignorant like that.
But we all know what I'm talking about.
Okay, so this guy is obviously often La La Land whatever.
There's a reason why I bring it up on the show, though, is because what is it about this gaming culture
where we're so quick to judge other people and exclude them?
And I'm going to give you an example.
Going to our chat room, GameGuru says,
The casual games are just extensions of genres from gaming's past.
For example, Bejeweled is a puzzle game like Tetris.
So GameGuru brought up casual games, to which I say, all right, then Facebook games.
Sims? They're kind of sims?
Would somebody that plays The Sims Social and Cityville and Price is Right slots, is that a gamer?
The slots, no, because it's a slot machine type thing.
Isn't that a game?
This is how I look at it.
You have a gamer as a blanket, and then you have types of gamers.
You have casual gamers.
You have your RPG gamers.
You have your tabletop gamers, like I said earlier.
You've got your board gamers.
One who plays a game is a gamer.
It just depends on what they like.
But why do people feel the need, then, to assert that their way is the only way?
Because Catholics are like that, too.
No, no, no, I'm going somewhere with this.
It's like religion and politics.
The Catholics think their way is the only way.
I'm using a blanket term.
The Southern Baptists, of course, think everyone else is going to hell.
It's that type of mentality.
It's we are better than you because you don't think the way that we do.
You have the libertarians.
Oh, Lord, let's not go with the libertarians.
You have the socialists.
You've got Republicans, Democrats.
Everyone thinks that their way is the best,
and anyone who is not in their group is immediately inferior
because they're not in that group.
Alan?
My theory is he's insecure.
He's caught shit for the games that he's played before.
He now has a support group, and he's old enough to play the games
that he likes to play where he doesn't give a fuck,
and he doesn't catch shit for it anymore,
but because he's built that support group of these are the games I play,
these are where my friends are, he's still got that insecurity.
He only wants to relate to people that play the same stuff as him.
That's actually a fascinating way to look at it
because you're essentially saying the reason why he's like that
is because it happened to him in reverse.
That's essentially what you're saying, right?
Yeah. He's insecure, and he's got some lingering issues.
And I can see that.
He's caught shit for playing the games that he likes to play,
but now he's fine, but that's still his safe space.
I could totally see that because back when it was all about
Dance Dance Revolution for us and so forth,
there were people that said all they talk about is DDR.
It's not a video game show. It's a DDR rave lights show.
Lights don't come through radio.
And I know that you love this game, so this is a bad example,
but think back when you were crazy about DDR,
and someone was like, oh, I love music rhythm games.
And you're like, what? And they say, Parappa?
And you're all, hm. Okay.
He plays Parappa, guys! Ha ha ha!
Oh, here's a good example.
In the Groove.
I'm just kidding. I'm not gonna fan those plays.
Yeah, but In the Groove was actually...
No, In the Groove was fine.
I'm not even gonna go there. Just walk away.
Porkchop in chat asks, Sky, is this guy young or old?
It's a bit of a juvenile opinion. Mid-20s.
Yeah, it's kind of mid-20s. Especially nowadays, with, you know...
Nowadays, those whippersnaps!
Basically, a lot of the people I interact with on forums
that are of the teenage age range
are pretty immature, and I can imagine that they,
unless they finally grow up,
that they kind of continue to go that way through their mid-20s.
It's like everybody's a decade behind nowadays.
Well, I think at the end of the day, if you guys are going to, you know,
judge other people based on the games they play,
just kind of, you know, watch yourself.
Watch yourself, because we're creating this cycle, right,
where now, you know, that person that we point our fingers at
will turn around and do it to somebody else.
It's like we should try to be more inclusive, right?
Am I being too much of a hippie?
You're old enough to be thoroughly over it,
so you just don't understand why people just won't let shit go.
Well, and also, maybe it's just that, I mean, this, this, let me also say this.
This guy that I was talking to...
Is he from Grindr? You can tell your boyfriend.
Is he from Grindr?
Yeah, yeah, absolutely, yeah.
So, well, you know about how, you know, we're trying to meet, you know,
other gamers, right, that we can hang out with locally and things like that.
So I got excited, like, oh, this is another gamer.
But now I'm like, I don't want to meet this guy because he's an idiot.
Yeah.
Well, also, you know, you mentioned the age group,
and I'm going to tell you something.
This is going into a little bit of biology and psychology, okay?
When a person is in their 20s, and this is like, for women it's like around 25,
and for guys it's around 27, the brain is still forming.
I mean, literally, it is actually.
So the mind is more focused on immediate reward as opposed to long-term consequence.
So this person...
Bow chicka wow wow.
So this person is in the mindset where everything is right now,
everything is immediate.
You don't like what I like, so I don't care about what you like.
What's in front of me is what's important to me.
And, you know, I'm sure that all of us understand that once you hit your 30s,
you kind of don't give a crap about that kind of drama anymore.
So it's not as important.
I guarantee you, this person, when he's in his 30s, is going to say,
man, I was stupid.
It's like pulling up your live journal from six years ago and going, oh.
Oh, God, I did that.
I wanted to go back in time and shoot myself.
All right.
Look, we've got to move on with the show.
I just, you know, I was so struck by that conversation.
I was just like, oh, my God, I've got to bring it up on OLR.
And the one thing I didn't want to say, when I was talking to that guy,
he did not know that I did this show, like that I've been doing it and so forth
and where I'm coming from.
But it's, I don't know, it's kind of funny.
It pays to do your research, individual.
Facebook stalk me next time.
All right.
Moving on.
Let's talk about our gaming weeks, because we're all gamers here at OLR
and so are you guys in our chat room.
And if you're listening to this on the podcast feed,
you must enjoy video games enough that you want to hear a bunch of strangers
online talk about it.
And DDR dollar bill, I can't go back in time and shoot myself
because I wouldn't be here.
So maybe I'd just smack myself around
and then use that little Men in Black thing to make me forget.
You would have to be a looper in order to do that.
All right.
Gaming week, star soccer, why don't you start us off.
You said something about being holed up in the Normandy?
Yeah, I was hanging out in the life support room and in the battery.
So were you getting it on with Dr.
Chalk was, because that's what I've always wanted to know.
But it's funny when you go drinking with her
and she starts doing the whole dancing thing is pretty funny.
Black Wolf in our chat room says Garris isn't a gamer.
I bet he plays some games.
All right, moving on.
But yeah, I've been playing.
I started Mass Effect 2 last weekend and I'm at the last set of missions now.
So I haven't beaten a game that had that much stuff in it that quickly
since Final Fantasy six or three when it was out.
So that's saying something.
No, I take that back.
I played do prison pretty quickly.
So and the DLC is all it's all really good, right?
They're all enjoyable.
Oh, hell yeah.
And yeah, they were saying that the overlord one was supposed to be like two and a half out.
You said it was like two and a half hours.
I don't know.
That was somebody else in the Senate.
But I finished it like an hour.
Yeah.
And I just rushed.
But the story's good.
And the ending is, you know, yeah.
Creepy and scary.
And yeah, that one.
Oh, my God.
I felt so bad for I mean, it's like it really sucks you in emotionally.
So you care about the characters.
And I was like, oh, my God, why don't you just shoot this guy in the face?
So, yeah, I totally, totally.
I took Samara, by the way.
Not Morant because Morant was a bitch, which is the right thing to do.
Let's be real.
Yeah.
But I have seen the Morant seduction scene.
And that was pretty funny because dude, Shep is just stupid.
Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry.
Bad voice acting.
But I'm totally going after Garrus.
But I have a save file to where I can go back for Thane if I wanted to.
The end.
So now I have to go by Mass Effect 3 tomorrow.
Mass Effect, Mass Effect, more Mass Effect.
Loki.
I did play some WoW for five minutes.
You got to get use out of that annual pass.
Yeah, well, I logged in so I wouldn't get kicked out of the guild.
Actually, I'm switching it up because I know Loki's about to go on a rant.
So let's go to, let's go to Alan first.
Alan, how was your gaming week?
It was alright.
I checked in on my Minecraft world.
I have an article that I need to finish for VOG about Minecraft.
I'm playing in survival mode.
I finally found a world that has a terrain that I like.
And I'm playing on survival mode where you have to eat and there's supposed to be monsters,
but I have it on peaceful.
And I thought, I'm going to play it on peaceful until I find a good cave and I build my house.
But I'm so into the exploration and creativity that every time I flip it from survival to easy
so that the monsters will spawn, they just irritate me.
It's not like I'm afraid of dying.
It's like I'm trying to build an expansion in my house.
Fucking go away, creeper.
So I just turn the monsters off.
So maybe the whole combat aspect of Minecraft isn't for me.
I don't know.
Mass Effect 3 multiplayer.
I'm trying to unlock all the characters.
I've been working on my dude, Paragon, Mass Effect 3
because I've already seen my femshep renegade ending a couple weeks ago.
And I checked out Dragon Age 2 to see how long I had spent on it
because I haven't touched that game since February.
And I had spent 14 hours and I deleted the save so I could start over
because I don't remember a goddamn thing.
And that's it. Those are my three games.
Alright.
Can I talk about how I obtained Mass Effect 3?
Yeah, actually.
Because it was legal, but it was one of those like, hmm...
I think Loki might remember this story, but a couple months ago
when Battlefield 3 came out, there was this scandal
where people had bought codes from overseas
like the China edition of a code for cheap.
And EA wanted to disable the codes. Something like that.
I don't remember that.
Okay.
Well, I was trying to price hunt Mass Effect 3 for Origin
thinking that maybe Amazon or Best Buy or something had a code.
So I went to Google Shopping and I just said,
Mass Effect 3 sale, Origin code, and I found a site
and I'm not going to say what site it is
because I don't want it to sound like that OLR is endorsing this.
But you just told everyone how to find it.
Sorry.
Well, there's three or four sites like this
and I picked the best looking one.
We're not endorsing it. That's all we need to say.
So I found a site that had a Mass Effect 3 Origin code
for like 22 bucks, which is a huge steal.
And they took PayPal and I've had good experiences before
using PayPal on eBay where it was a fraud and I got my money back.
It takes two weeks, but I was like, all right.
If this is a scam, it's through PayPal.
I had a reasonable expectation of being safe.
I get the code within a minute of submitting it
and it's a little PNG file.
It's literally a scan of the code that you get on the back of the jewel case
if you bought it.
I put it into Origin and it worked fine.
And then in Origin it says, Mass Effect 3 Standard Edition US slash UK slash RU.
So it's some like European code.
So this site just bought a bunch of overseas codes in bulk.
I didn't have a problem with it.
Or picked them up out of a box that fell off a truck.
Yeah.
Well, actually, it depends on how the DLC codes out to the retailers
because there's been times, and I still have hundreds of them left,
that they will send you an Excel sheet with codes listed.
You guys have X amount of copies that you've ordered from this company.
Here's the codes for your PS3 copies.
Here's the codes for your 360 copies.
Some of those may be going to rental stores or libraries
or people that don't need the DLC codes.
And so there's a bunch of excess left over.
Now, I don't know about the ones that would be included in a package or whatever,
but a lot of that stuff that goes to GameStop
or even small mom and pop retailers,
there could be a bunch of that stuff lying around out there
because people didn't need them.
So I can play multiplayer fine on the official EA servers.
I'm not worried about the SWAT team repelling down and crashing through the windows
or Origin spontaneously just turning off my Mass Effect 3.
But yeah, I took a risk on one of these sites and spent $22 for a $59 game.
And I'm not saying I would do it again, but I didn't have a bad experience.
It worked out fine for me.
Interesting. See, I'm trying to figure out where to...
When I showed you the site, because you're considering getting Mass Effect 3 for PC
so that you could play with me...
Which I ended up getting through Best Buy when they had a sale.
And you looked at the site and you're like,
honey, this looks shady as fuck.
And I was like, well, I did Google the name of the site plus scam,
name of the site reviews to see if people had bad experiences.
And it looked legit, so that's why I went for it.
But yeah, there's something about the whole concept of buying overseas codes domestically
that are that cheap is weird, but I don't know.
Keep monitoring your credit card statements. That's all I'm going to say.
Well, that's why I use PayPal.
Oh, I wouldn't use my credit card.
I hope it was just excess copies in Russia or something that got unloaded on this site.
I really hope you don't get screwed. So we'll see.
I would never advise somebody to do that. You're taking a huge, huge risk.
I mean, I know you obviously very well.
You weighed the pros and the cons and went for it.
But do you think you would buy another game this way?
Or do you think maybe it's worth the extra $10 or whatever next time
to just have the peace of mind it's a legit place?
I would buy it through a legit, or more legit,
like an actual game client like Steam or Origin or Amazon.
But because I'm so broke right now, I didn't want to download a...
I think that's important to say, too, is that you are in a financial bind right now, right?
Like, I don't want to make you...
Boy, I'm making this up.
But you're at a financial not-so-great point right now.
So the fact that you could save that money and still get the game you wanted was really important.
I absolutely wanted to pay money for the game.
I was just like, how cheap can I do this?
And I found a way that worked.
Well, and there's actually, on Amazon right now,
there's a seller selling a boxed copy and everything for $28.
And you pay $4 shipping.
Although I could pay $39 on Amazon right now and buy the boxed copy and get free shipping.
So if I don't see it cheaper, it fries, pretty much.
All right.
Well, thank you for sharing your story.
Let's move on and talk about Loki's Gaming Week,
which, as I understand from what we heard at the end of Bobby Blackwell's show,
was a little bit controversial, right, Loki?
Well, yeah, some of it.
So I play lots of Minecraft, which is part of the course.
Finished my demon head entrance to my volcanic lair type thing.
And it looks pretty awesome.
Although one gripe I have about the Xbox 360 version of Minecraft is,
you know how you take screenshots and stuff and you can set your gamma settings
so that you can actually see it on your TV?
It doesn't adjust for those settings when you take a screenshot.
So it was completely bright on my screen, but completely dark in the picture I took.
It's kind of annoying.
They should make it so that it shows what you have on your screen.
Then I played more Modern Warfare 3, and that was fun.
Still kicking ass.
Hopefully they're supposed to be releasing a new free map soon for Terminal,
which I believe is a remade Modern Warfare 2 map.
So I played a bit of that.
And then you may remember I talked a little bit about this whole Ready Player One contest thing
and how they have three gates or whatever that you're going to go through
and have video game challenges.
And all of them were supposed to be retro challenges kind of tied into the whole book
because it was all about old retro 80s games and stuff.
One of the challenges they had was playing Joust against this computer player and Zork.
God, I can't remember the third challenge.
I think it was playing music or something.
Anyways, so stuff like that.
So the first gate that they had was a 2600 game.
It was a brand new 2600 game that they made specifically for this whole contest, which is awesome.
It has really cool, and it kind of keeps with the whole theme of the book.
The second gate, however, not quite along those lines.
Instead, it is go play this game that's created by Richard Garrett,
the guy behind Ultima Online.
He's traveled the space and all that fun shit.
And it's a game called Ultimate Collector Garage Sale.
It's a Facebook game in beta right now.
So it is fucking broken.
Just so laggy and broken and just terrible.
And here's the best part about the game.
It's, of course, one of those free games that you would see on Facebook
that nickel and dime you for every goddamn thing that you want to do in it.
And that's no different with this one.
And it looks kind of like The Sims.
But there's already people that have completed this challenge.
And I can tell you right now, having played this game for about four hours,
there is no way you can do that in that time frame without paying money
to get extra dollars or whatever to be able to cycle things faster,
give yourself more energy, and that kind of thing.
So basically, they bought their way through this game.
And it's definitely proven in the screenshot of the first person that did finish it.
He had two credit cards sitting there right next to his computer monitor.
So it's just kind of a really bad vibe.
I mean, they went from this really cool retro game challenge thing to,
hey, play this Facebook game.
You know there's fucking money switching hands there.
And yeah, it's kind of cool that they hid some stuff in here.
But I've played this game for, like I said, about four hours.
And I've only come up with maybe two of the items I'm supposed to be finding for this thing.
And there's about, I think, 50 some items that you need to find.
And it's all random.
So there's no...
I'll be lucky to finish it within a month's time, let alone knocking it out in a day,
which I was hoping to be able to knock everything out in a day or so
because, you know, get a jump on it like I didn't quite do with the first gate.
But it's really disappointing that this is what it's come down to,
is that they have this crappy Facebook game.
And I hate playing Facebook games.
Or at least this type of game where it's like,
oh yeah, you know, you want to rummage through that box.
Well, it's going to cost you one energy.
Oh, you don't have energy right now?
You can pay some money to get some energy.
Or hey, you don't have enough money to buy that upgrade.
The type of competition you guys are playing, that was a terrible idea.
It really was.
There's no skill in this.
The skill in this is having the patience to fucking wait this long.
They got to pay for that DeLorean somehow.
He can pay for it with his book sales money.
I mean, he didn't have to do this.
Maybe the next contest will be getting to play Tabula Rasa,
the other great Lord British game.
No, I shouldn't kick him when he's down.
Obviously the Ultima series was phenomenal, so important to gaming's history.
And I don't blame him at all.
So what, he wants to create a Facebook game?
That's fine.
I have no problem with him creating a Facebook game.
I have a problem with him using this Facebook game in the state that it is.
It's not finished.
Using it to further this contest.
And yeah, it's cool that they hit all these different items in this game.
But it's not done.
It's buggy.
When I first started playing it, I ran into a glitch where I was selling stuff in my garage sale,
and the items disappeared.
And then those racks that I was using, I couldn't put anything on them.
And you're limited to a certain amount of racks that you have in your garage sale area, I guess.
And so it was stuck for a few days, and I couldn't do anything.
And then they finally fixed it, and then they had people having trouble logging into the server
because the server was down because too many people were hammering it.
And then there was an issue where the link from the actual contest to the Facebook game was broken.
It's just bad.
And I don't like, you know, I just don't like the way it's being handled right now.
But I'm still going to play it because I have to in order to get to the next gate,
or at least be able to be in the running still, so it's just sad that I have to do this the hard way,
whereas I see these guys, yeah, I beat it in four hours!
But it won't matter at the end of the day, right?
You just have to clear it in 30 days, right?
I just have to clear it within 30 days, but I just hope the last gate isn't anything like this bullshit.
Yeah, that would be a real stinker on the competition.
So that's that.
Anything else for your gaming week?
Um... I think that's it.
Alright, so my gaming week. A lot of the same old stuff.
I've been playing Mass Effect 3, a little bit of World of Warcraft.
I can't think of anything new that I tried this week.
I went back to a game from a couple years ago, just because.
I just had an itch to play it, and that's New Super Mario Brothers Wii.
I don't know, I just never finished it years ago.
I got really close and never finished it years and years ago.
So I just went back and played it a little bit, and I was like,
Oh, it's actually a pretty good Mario game.
I forgot how much of the Mario universe, not to be confused with the game,
they kind of brought into this game.
So, you know, the fact that there's Yoshi and Fire Flowers and Ice Flowers.
But anyway, it's an old game.
Either you've played it by now or you haven't, or you're waiting for the next one on Wii U.
Like, I'm sure Loki is with great anticipation.
So, I promised a little while ago we could talk about a game that I've been playing
that I didn't tell a lot of people that I was going to go play.
Because it just kind of happened.
I've been having the codes sitting in my Steam account for probably about a year now.
Because Alan trolled me when he used to hear me talk about this game an awful lot.
And he said, Oh look, it's on sale on Steam right now for just like $9.99.
I'm going to buy these codes for you, just to kind of troll you a little bit.
It was, you know, when we were, the finances were better and all that stuff and we could, you know,
throw $10 at each other to troll each other with stuff.
But I never used it. I'm like, I'm too busy playing these other games.
I'm not going to go back and play this game.
I don't have the time to sink into this crap because this game is such a time sink.
I don't have time for it.
But then last week, Shane and I were getting around to talking about the expansion pack for Final Fantasy XI.
And I realized, Oh, I have those codes I never did use that Alan got me on Steam.
What the hell? I'm going to just roll a brand new character.
I'm going to go back into the game and see what's changed.
So I've played a little bit of Final Fantasy XI this week.
And I got to tell you, yes, a lot has changed.
The game is drastically different.
Let me put this into perspective.
Loki, I know you played Final Fantasy XI for a long time, so I know you'll be able to speak this language.
You ready?
Do you know what I accomplished in three days of light gameplay on Final Fantasy XI?
No. What did you accomplish?
I am level 25 white mage with a black mage sub job already leveled.
And I did the sub job quest.
That's pretty awesome.
It might have been over three days, but you and Nikhletov have been playing a lot in the last three days.
So don't say casually in an hour you gained five levels.
It hasn't been, well, yes. Once we figured out what we were doing, yes, it has been that fast.
I guess the thing is now, one of the things that was implemented in the game that changed things drastically
is they put in these things called field manuals, which are these books that sit out in the open.
And you do what's called page burning.
You take a page and it'll say, kill six worms.
So you go out, you kill six worms, and you get bonus XP and you get bonus gil once every real world hour.
I'm sorry, you get the bonus XP every time.
You get bonus gil and this other thing called tabs once every real world hour,
so that way you can't just be getting it and getting it.
So what people do now is one of the zones, Gusk and Mines, one of the book burns is kill six skeletons.
So people go into parties there at level 10 and book burn over and over and over,
just pull skeletons over and over in alliances of 18 people just pulling these skeletons over and over
and level, level, level, level, level, level.
You're just gaining levels that fast.
And apparently you do it in Gusk and Mines, you do it in Crawler's Nest,
you do it in one of the dungeons and you're all the way to 75 in a couple days.
That's what, like, the leveling game is gone in Final Fantasy XI.
It's just you sit there and collect XP.
People go AFK and just sit there and collect the XP because the skeletons are that easy to kill,
yet you still get the XP.
Here's the thing that concerns me.
I see the look on Loki's face and he's going, oh, really?
No, I'm just, it kind of ruins, what's the point then?
I mean, why bother getting, you know, good armor and stuff like that?
You don't. It's all, because now it's all about the end game.
They went Guild Wars in their design.
They made it so that, oh, getting to max level is easy.
It's all about the end game now and getting you to end game is not a problem.
Because the end game is still hard and you've got crafting and all that stuff, right?
Crafting's still a bitch. As I'm finding out, making money's still a pain in the ass and all this stuff.
But the leveling game, now it takes no time at all to be max level.
You do still have to do, from what I understand, the limit break quest.
Oh, I hate those.
But now that the level cap is 99, then people are getting there no problem.
Just get a couple 99s to run you through all the limit break quests, you're done.
I still hate that, though.
Yeah, I know. It is kind of annoying.
So, a sitting vampire in chat says, yeah, but there is a cooldown for those book quests, right?
No. There isn't.
You get the XP every time.
Six skeletons, XP.
Six more, XP.
Six more, XP.
You get the gil and the tabs once an hour.
That just makes me think of that Eddie Izzard sketch.
Uh-huh.
You have crossed a bridge, champagne!
You have entered a shop, champagne!
You've left a shop, champagne!
You have fallen into a ditch, junk, champagne!
There actually is a zone called Sarah McGue Champagne.
I just made a Final Fantasy XI joke.
I'm done with that game.
Anyhow.
Alright, so anyway, that's...
Oh my god, something just popped into my head.
What?
A Mass Effect MMO.
Wouldn't it be awesome?
It would, but...
Bioware, do it!
Bioware did the Star Trek MMO and it's having issues, so they've got to clear those up first.
Could I play an Elcor monk?
That would be great.
Anywhere. Anyway.
That's really it.
I'm going to try to do some more writing for VoG and kind of write my thoughts a little bit more and put some screenshots up there.
So, you know, you guys have an idea of what's going on.
But, um, I was...
You know, and I've had a couple people in chat saying,
You should go back and try it. You should go back and try it. A lot's changed.
Alright, so I finally went back.
I was slow in doing it. It's like Jamie playing Mass Effect finally.
Took me a little while, but now that I'm doing it, yeah, I'm enjoying it.
Am I going to leave WoW for it?
No.
The only reason this is catching on right now is because there's not a lot to do in WoW right now.
But once the panda people hit,
I'll probably be saying bye-bye to Final Fantasy XI.
A lot of it is really about the people.
And I just don't know people in Final Fantasy XI.
Druid guild.
We need a druid guild knight.
Alright, let me know when.
Anyhow.
I would not play a turian.
But I would romance a turian.
Answering Tigerclaw.
I would play a Drell.
Ragenator in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com says,
Although I haven't played it in years, I used to love Final Fantasy XI.
It has changed a lot.
And I guess in some ways for the better, in some ways not for the better.
So.
Anyhow.
That was my experiences with Final Fantasy XI and my gaming week.
Alright.
Let's move on.
Housekeeping tonight.
I want to talk a little bit about something new on VoG Network.
First off, thank you to everybody.
The full website has been launched for 30 days now.
And I can't believe it's only been a month.
Because it feels like it's kind of been a lot longer than that.
But maybe I'm thinking about the temporary site we had and all that.
But the first month of VoG Network has been very successful.
Bobby wrote a whole little summary with number crunching like mad over at VoG Network.com.
You can kind of look at that story and see exactly how many posts were commented on.
And how many people clicked the like button and all that good stuff.
Well, one feature that has been demanded time and time again is now becoming a reality starting today.
The porn channel.
No, not the porn channel.
Maybe in August.
But for now, the podcast check-in feature is now going to be live.
Now, I want to make this clear.
For now, it's being tested.
We're calling July a test phase.
So, it's only available on certain VoG shows.
It's only available on Bobby Black Wolf, our show.
And it will be available next week on Understation Live.
That's it for right now.
But in the future, hopefully it will work.
And we'll be able to roll it out to more shows in the future.
How the podcast check-ins work is that at some point throughout the show,
and it's never going to be in the same place because we know how people like to work the system,
at some point during the show, you will hear a little prerecorded message.
And you know what?
For the podcast listeners, I'm going to make tonight's very, very easy.
To register participation with this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio on VoGnetwork.com,
use the pass phrase, zone.
Now, for the live listeners, you didn't get to hear anything right there because this is for the podcast.
This is something they're going to have because you get to check into the shows when they're live.
But for the podcast, for whatever that word was that you just heard,
you're going to go to VoGnetwork.com and you're going to put that word right there underneath the leaderboard.
And you'll be able to check into the show, get the same amount of points that the live listeners get for listening live.
Because the point is, live podcast, you're participating.
We still love you either way.
So we want you to get the points either way.
Now, if you listen live and you check in on the podcast, you're not going to get the points twice.
Sorry, we just thought that would be too much of an unfair advantage to the individuals that have the time for both.
But you might want to still consider doing it anyway if you do happen to listen to both,
or you listen to part of one and go back and listen to the podcast later.
I would encourage you to do it because it's still being tracked in case one day there is show specific loot.
For example, we might give you some loot if you check into the podcast and the live show three weeks in a row or something like that.
I don't know. Hypothetical, we haven't designed any of that yet.
So there you go. That is now a feature that is available to you guys at VoGnetwork.com, podcast check-ins.
I'm trying to make sure if I'm forgetting anything. I don't think so.
I think, again, it could be at any point throughout the show.
I'm not going to explain it every week. If you want more of an explanation, one is available at VoGnetwork.com.
Right next to the little box where you put in the password to check in is a little thing that says, what's this?
And Bobby Blackwolf wrote a great little summary on the website at VoGnetwork.com.
And if you're listening live and you have no idea what the hell this is all about, you're missing your chance, buddy, to collect some points and maybe some loot.
Go to VoGnetwork.com, register for the site, and whenever we're live, as we are right now, you're going to see a link that says right there on the front page on the left side,
participate now and get points. And you go and you get points for checking into the show. Super easy.
Okay. I think that's that. Let's move on with some gaming news.
I need to throw this out there, though. Twitter, twitter.com slash O-L-R, Facebook, Orange Lounge Radio, Google Plus, search for Orange Lounge Radio.
There you go. Let's get into some actual gaming news. Loki.
So, let's talk a little bit about the Wii U. And the Wii U, Nintendo has already come out and said, hey, you know what?
The Wii U, it's not going to be this really expensive system. It's going to have a reasonable price.
And basically, Satoru Iwata, he said that the initial price point of the 3DS was considered relatively high by consumers and that they won't make the same mistake with the Wii U.
So, I don't know. What do you think? I was privy to a little something.
Is this Secret Club? Do we need to say don't tell other people this, that you heard it here?
I don't know. I think I've covered my...
Alright, let's go ahead and just make sure, if you're going to tell other people this big piece of information Loki's about to share, you didn't hear it here.
Well, some of this is, what, what do you mean? So, when I, the Wii U, I think is a reasonable price. It's got a few reasonable prices, actually.
There's three different SKUs they're going to be launching with. What's in those SKUs? No idea. What I think they are, I'll get into that in a second.
So, the cheapest you're going to find a Wii U will be $249.99. So, there's that.
The next price up, $299.99 and then $349.99 are the three different price points.
Here's my thoughts on what they are because this is completely speculative. I don't know for a fact this is what it is.
$249.99 is going to get you a Wii U system with the gamepad controller and that's it.
So, system, gamepad, it's basically you own a Wii right now. You have all the Wii remotes and nunchucks.
Go on the online shop and enjoy.
Yeah, nunchucks. Done. There you go. You've got a system. You're ready to go with all the additional things that come with the Wii U.
$299.99 buys you a system that's going to have the Wii U gamepad and then an additional Wii remote plus and a nunchuck.
Kind of like the Wii had.
I bet it's going to be that other controller, the Xbox controller. They'll throw that in.
You give yours and then I'll give mine. Never mind. I'll shut up.
And then $349.99 is going to be the Wii U system, the gamepad controller, the Wii remote plus, the nunchuck, and another pack-in game.
Because I think they're going to do a pack-in with Nintendo Land. It just seems like such a pack-in type game that I think they're going to do that.
Alright, here's my guess. I could be completely wrong. I'm going to throw it out there.
$249.99, bare bones system. $299, that's the one that's going to come, bare bones system, Classic Controller Pro, or whatever that thing is called, and Nintendo Land.
I say you get the pack-in game at $299.
$349 will be, it will still have Nintendo Land, but it will not have the Classic Controller Pro.
Instead, it's going to have two Wii U tablets for all the games that don't use them.
$700 bucks, blow up Miyamoto doll.
Honestly, I do not think they're launching a system with two gamepads, because there's no games that support it, and people will be like, it won't sell.
That may come later on when they have games that support two gamepads, but right now, it's absolutely useless to do that, which is why they're not going to do that.
Apparently, from what I've read, Nintendo is rumored to be announcing the price points and release date in September, but there are the price points, release date is probably going to be the 18th of November, so hey, you figured it out two months before they're going to actually announce it.
So that's that. I think it's somewhat reasonable.
Yeah, actually $249 is kind of lower than what I thought, but...
I'm not going to get one still, but it's...
Has Nintendo launched with multiple SKUs like that since the original NES, which also came in three SKUs, funny enough?
Um, I don't think so.
So, no.
And that's all I know of right now, is that they've got three price points, because that's what they want projections on, unless they're shopping price points and saying, okay, how many of this one are we going to sell?
I don't think that they're like, we don't know what the charge for this.
$349 is way too much, I think, for the system to be out right now.
The thing that's going to be interesting, though, is that gives Microsoft and Sony enough time to where I think they could drop their console price again by the time that comes out, and $249 would not be that much of a stretch.
That's another $50 price point, or $50... I think it's another $50 drop, or are they $199,299? I can't remember right now. They may be $199,299.
Or, it could be onboard storage, like, you know, this system has more storage than this system.
Although, I mean, I wouldn't pay $50 more for onboard storage.
The Apple approach?
I don't know if they're going to do that, but...
Interesting. I don't know. We'll find out soon enough what they're going to be throwing in there, and when it will be available, but we have a pretty good hunch of what might be in there and when it might be available.
Did you talk about the online part yet?
Nope. Online is going to be free, and thank God, too, because like we've seen so far, we have no fucking clue what they're doing online.
So, yeah. Free sounds good. I mean, because honestly, I haven't seen anything offered on it that was anything more than what's on the Wii, aside from, hey, now you can put forum posts on games and stuff.
You know, which... hooray? I don't know.
Do you think they might go the route that PlayStation Plus went, where, yeah, it's free, but maybe if you do give us money, we'll give you little freebies?
Because certainly there's enough of a back catalog of virtual console crap that they could give that shit out like candy.
Um, they could do that, but I don't think that they're organized well enough to do that right now. That may be something that comes way later on. I just think they're too late to...
Something is not in the show world tonight. I know they made a major hire this week with somebody from Disney Studios is, like, in charge of their online now.
Disney had that unique thing that they did a while back where it was DGamer or something like that. Um, it was kind of like their, like, online hub thing. They had, you know, avatars and stuff like that.
And it was tied in with, like, their DS Disney games, which probably no one remembers any of that stuff. But, um, that was kind of cool, and the offerings that they had in there were pretty cool.
But I got... I hope they don't go that route because it was really stupid.
Doesn't Disney also have some fairly popular online games, like Club Penguin, I know is a pretty big deal.
And then, like, Pirates of the Caribbean. Like, I know their games are really big on having the phrases already there, and you can only pick from those phrases to communicate with.
Like, you can't type in your own stuff. They used to keep it safe.
I... cool. I just, you know... I... once again, it's... I don't want to have this so, like, chopped off of the balls, I guess. You know, where it's...
Why would I want to, you know, buy a brand... first off, why am I going to buy a brand new system that basically is, you know, as graphically powerful as my current Xbox 360?
Yeah, it may edge it out a little bit, but I don't think they're going to be really utilizing that. I don't think you're going to see games on a Wii U right now.
They're going to be like, wow, that looks so much better than the Xbox 360 version. You're not going to see that.
ActDeft brings up another good point in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com. It says, Where's My Water is pretty awesome. And that's right, that reminded me, I forgot, Disney does have a pretty big footprint in the iHouse app universe right now as well. You know, with that Nintendo thing being a tablet where you're going to be able to play games on it, that seems like an interesting little connection as well.
Because obviously, Disney has the Where's My Water. They have a couple other games too. I know they own the Tap Tap brand now too. That's all Disney. So...
I just, I don't know. I don't have very high expectations for them. They're also supposed to be in September, they're supposed to be talking about 2013 titles for the Wii U.
Really?
Which honestly, I think that's... it's too... it's too early to be talking stuff for next year.
Is this the parallel Tokyo Game Show conference they own?
It's another one of their five billion press conferences that I don't fucking care about because, like seriously, just get all your shit out at one time, not this.
Well, today we're going to talk about the first three digits of the price and then maybe we'll have another press conference to talk about the last few digits.
And then we're going to give you the day of the week that the system's coming out, this press conference.
And then the next week we'll talk about which month it's coming out, and then maybe the hour or another... I mean, seriously, they waste so much fucking time with this stuff.
I mean, that's fine. People keep talking about it. They're like, hey, people keep covering our press conferences.
That's how you do it.
Yeah, but people keep covering it because they're like, wow, you didn't really announce anything. That's fantastic that you didn't announce anything. Very important.
Well, you know, when there's not a lot of gaming news, you know, that's a great time to have a press conference or it's a great time to report on people's Twitter activity.
And that's what I want to talk about here is game director Katsuhiro Harada. He is the director of Tekken.
And he posted a very interesting rant this week on Twitter. Now, I always thought Twitter was restricted to 140 characters, but he wrote a whole little essay on there thanks to...
Twitlonger.
Twitlonger.
Or Tweetlonger.
Which apparently is a thing. Twitlonger.com. And he put this whole little rant about people who constantly tell him, switch back to the voice actors used previously.
And I guess he's pretty pissed off about it. He said in this... I'm going to quote some parts of this rant here on Twitlonger.
Quote, the voice you were listening to was 16 years ago during the PlayStation period. The current generation of consoles are totally different in how they play back sound, both software wise and internal circuitry.
Quote, also you're assuming the voice actors themselves can reproduce the voice they recorded 16 years ago. Many voice actors decline work because their voice has changed since the original role.
Some have even retired. Sometimes they won't accept, even if we ask.
Quote, some might just say, just pay them to reuse the voice data, but often the voice actors decline this, or their agency declines.
Quote, Brian's laugh is the actual data from Tekken 3. As fans have requested, we've kept using the original, adapting the data recorded 16 years ago to be used on the PlayStation 2 and then PlayStation 3.
Even so, some people said it is a different voice in Tekken 6 than the original. It can't be helped, they might think that.
And he goes on to talk about the whole conversion process and so forth.
But I love this. He says at the very end of this, he says, quote, after this lengthy explanation, I will be quite surprised if there are still people who still don't get it.
Thanks for understanding or not understanding. Whatever.
Bro, you mad? You real mad.
I guess this is starting to get to him. But I can see, I can see where he's annoyed. I can see where the fandom is like, don't change it. It's perfect. Don't change it.
I like Tekken 6 sucks. I want Tekken 1. I want the voice from Tekken 1. But he does make a good point. You have to license those voices every time. And sometimes they say no.
Voice actors can step out on a green light to cross the street and get hit by a bus. What are you going to do? People die. I mean, what do they want? You have to find a replacement sometimes.
And honestly, if you like the voice acting better in Tekken 2, go play Tekken 2.
That's a good point. But I think the problem is too many people are playing Tekken 2 and not enough are playing Tekken 6.
Tekken 3 was the best.
Oh wait, here's another great quote. I have even complied to the request of you all spamming me to bring back characters from previous installments.
You often say, let's show the dev team how sincere we are by buying two copies if they bring back character X.
But did you really go through with it, expecting you to at least pre-order the game? I was met with more spam.
After you apparently didn't notice that June and Michelle actually returned.
I still have some characters left to be revealed that will comply with some of your requests, even bringing back several others.
Even so, none of them are paid DLC. I will continue to sincerely comply with fan requests.
However, I can't continue to engage the negative ones that, without knowing what you are talking about or even thinking about when you're saying blindly repeat, bring back, bring back, bring back.
He's like, shut up. Am I not doing enough? Are you people not happy?
As the magical sunglasses float from above and land on his face.
Seriously, that is seriously like the Twitter equivalent of, deal with it. This guy rocks.
I kind of wish more people would tell off their fan bases.
That rant kind of makes you want to give Tekken 6 another chance, because we did try playing it and it was kind of poopy. I didn't care for it.
Five or six. Wasn't it six? I guess. I don't know. It was six. I've lost count. It was six.
I mean, it had to be a game fly for a day, but yeah, it was probably six.
Anyway. Alright, let's move on with some other news. DarkSakura, we need to stop reporting on Twitter activity.
Okay, well, if it's any surprise, this is about Mass Effect 3. Which no one's surprised, especially Rob, because he gave me the story.
Thank you.
Yeah, the Extended Cut DLC was out and everybody is happy. Well, okay, not everyone's happy. There's still some people who are like, meh.
Which I had to stop myself from watching it, even though I watched some of it.
Okay, so going forward, they're actually talking about already doing more download content that they're working on right now.
So, it was teased in a tweet that in regards to more download content, it said, that's a trick question, we'll save the future DLC for future chats.
Don't worry though, there's much more.
Mass Effect 2 had a DLC cycle that was a year and a half, because Arrival came out I think March or April of 2011.
I think so.
And it was a 2010 game, Mass Effect 2. So, yeah, they need to, you know, DLC for the multiplayer would be nice.
And then what happens to Omega with Aria, and there's definitely campaigns they can add.
Well, I really hope the Omega thing. I'd love to see more Aria. I really hope they got Carrie Ann Moss to do additional dialogue so they can do that. That would be great.
Well, given that I've only done a little bit in Mass Effect 2 of going to Omega, yeah. So anyway, I kind of, I mean, I won't have much more of an opinion until I get into Mass Effect 3.
But there's little side characters that I kind of liked that I wouldn't mind.
I'm all about extending the game's life with DLC. In fact, I'm kind of sad that we haven't seen DLC really yet, except, of course, yes, I know the extended cut DLC.
I didn't really get into that during my gaming week, I just realized. I guess I figured most people who wanted to see it, went and got it on Tuesday, and y'all have formed your other opinions already, I'm gonna make it brief.
I've got to keep it spoiler free, because obviously Jamie hasn't got there yet and I don't want to ruin it for her. And neither should you, chat room.
I will say this. BioWare said they're not changing the ending, they're gonna just give you further details on the ending they made. That's exactly what they did.
Although I understand they changed one thing.
There is one, well...
They added something.
They added a big something, that some people say is a giant F you to the fan base, and I say, deal with it. I thought it was great. And they did change some other things that they got called out by continuity cops.
Yeah, so apparently, Maya, big thing of wondering, this is just what was cleared up for me, that my big thing of wondering, what are all of those Turians gonna eat?
Got fixed.
So I feel happy about that.
They made some stuff very clear. Very clear.
Yeah, and as far as them adding details, it was a lot of details, did it? I think it left enough people satisfied that the people that are still, like, furious about it are being brats.
But the content that we got on Tuesday should have been in it from day one. It's not that spectacular where we can go, look dipshits, it wasn't that hard. This is good, this should have been in the original product.
That's kind of the consensus overall that I'm getting from most people is that I'm happy with this. I wish it had been this way the first time. And if it had been, there probably wouldn't have been as much butthurt, and I'm okay with that.
For me, it will be in it the first time.
There you go. And, you know, I think a lot of fans-
Patience is a virtue.
A lot of fans should realize there are a lot of people like Jamie, that still haven't played the entire series, and you know, Mass Effect will continue to kind of grow in the fans and so forth. I will say this because this isn't really a spoiler.
One thing I noticed they did add at the very, very, very end after the credits and after everything is they put a little pop up message that says, you know, thank you for playing Mass Effect.
We really appreciate all your feedback and your comment, you know, kind of the PC thing they have to say over the years, and we hope you've enjoyed Mass Effect 3.
We can't wait to, you know, see you for whatever Mass Effect has in store next type of thing. So they do basically say this is not the last Mass Effect. They don't say Mass Effect 4, but they basically say there'll be more.
Like I said, the whole ending would be to be continued with DLC.
No, I don't think it's that. I think that the DLC is going to go back and add more content, like exactly how they did with Mass Effect 2. All of it is stuff that happens before the end of the game.
And one of them is a really big, the Arrival thing is a really big, big thing from what I understand.
Well, Arrival is also truly a bridge between 2 and 3, and it was the very last 3 starts immediately referencing what happens to Shepard and Arrival.
That's what I had heard. And so that's why I thought, OK, that's good. I mean, it's all stuff that ties right back in. So I'm pretty I'm pretty happy.
I mean, I get to play through Mass Effect 3 with the true ending. I mean, in my head.
You'll never experience that hurt.
Keep in mind that a lot of it got some of it got spoiled for me.
I'm going to punch you so you can experience some of the hurt.
That's OK, Rob. I'm not being punched.
Vandy in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com says, referencing something you brought up earlier, Mass Effect MMO. Who knows?
I would quit WoW in a second for a Mass Effect MMO.
I don't think it's in the cards for BioWare after what's happened to Star Wars. I mean, if Star Wars can somehow be salvaged, maybe.
But it should just be converted into Mass Effect MMO.
No, no, it should not. They can do better, even better.
Well, I meant take the base engine and fudge with it some.
All right. Let's move on. More gaming news. Loki.
All right. So let's talk a little bit about the future. And this is kind of cool.
Mercury Steam, the team behind the Lords of Shadows game.
Yeah, it's part of Castlevania because, you know, they didn't think it could stand on its own.
They're ready to basically call it, well, move on from the Castlevania franchise after the new 3DS game and Lords of Shadow 2.
They said, we think it's, well, I think it's about wanting to leave a legacy and I don't want to be in charge of a series that perhaps over a certain time is going to decline.
I'd rather go out with a bang and leave our legacy in the Castlevania universe.
And then, of course, you know, they also said they don't want to be known as Mr. Castlevania.
And, you know, should Lords of Shadow 2 be very successful, they'd have another team do a sequel.
Of course, they were teasing that perhaps Contra is the next series that they will work on.
That'd be pretty cool. New Contra game.
I'd like to see Contra make a comeback.
Contra should make a comeback.
But it's one of those games, like, it could easily be so fucked up. Like, they could really botch it bad.
But, I mean, you know.
What was it? Was it Contra?
Would they call it on the Xbox Live Arcade one, the anime?
Oh, Hardcore Uprising.
Yeah, Hardcore Uprising.
That was pretty rad. I like that one.
So, even though that wasn't really Contra, but it was?
Hell yeah.
I mean, Hardcore Uprising is basically Contra.
I think it did have some of the music.
So, anyway.
If you like that anime-style look to Hardcore Uprising and some of those other online games, maybe you are an anime fan.
And maybe you'll be excited to hear that Viz Media is launching a subscription-based service called Neon Alley.
And it's going to be on consoles this fall.
It's a 24-hour anime network.
Viz Media is the localization company that did stuff like Bleach, Naruto, and a lot of similar things.
Yeah, they've taken it way back. They did Ranma.
Yeah, so they brought all that stateside.
They've already said it's going to cost $6.99 a month.
It will not be an on-demand streaming app, which I find kind of strange because people are paying for it, but I guess they're taking the HBO approach.
It will be an actual TV channel with schedules and all that stuff, uncensored content, HD, but it will always be dubbed in English.
I don't care anymore.
This is the other thing.
There will be advertisements, even though there is a subscription fee, the ads will be limited and they're there to keep the cost below $10.
Some of the programming coming to the channel, Naruto Shippuden, Inuyasha, The Final Act, Death Note, those are all coming to this network.
But they don't say exactly what consoles or how, but I guess we're left to assume it would be very easy for it to be a PlayStation 3 app akin to the Netflix or Hulu Plus or Vudu or any of that stuff.
And then we have on the Xbox 360, obviously those content channels are very easy to make and we've seen a lot of those, so it will be a Comcast-esque style channel.
Still very interesting because I can't think of any other on-demand channel that's run like an old-school TV network that's only available on a game console.
Very interesting. Interesting to see what could be in the future.
You know what, I'm still going to stick with fansubs.
Would you pay $6.99 a month for VOG TV?
Well, yeah, because we're far superior. And we'll play it in Japanese, I don't care.
I know you would think if it's all online it would be super easy to just have one channel in English and one in Japanese. That seems, you know, eh, that's weird.
Kind of like Laserdisc, play it in digital or analog.
Exactly, I think.
Alan, I know you're in anime, in fact you know way more about it than I do.
I used to be.
He used to be. Okay, just the other day, I'm telling this on air, we were at a Sanrio store and there was a Sailor Moon backpack and you pointed at it.
Yeah, because it reminds me of when I was 17 and not quite out yet, but clearly gay and Sailor Moon was awesome. It's pretty.
You know what, we should just marathon the entire thing from beginning to end.
I need to convert my awesome fansubs of the last three seasons I have on tape to something digital.
I've got rips of them. Yeah, Rob.
Would you pay $6.99 a month for this anime TV with commercials in English only?
Given that I haven't really watched anime with any type of seriousness in like 10 years, no, but from 98 to about 2003, fuck yeah.
I just remembered what the last series I actually paid to have shipped to me from fansubs was on tape.
It was Mamata Shugogeten.
Was it worth it?
Well, I had watched a lot of it raw because a friend of mine taped some off the TV for me and then I watched most of it and then it came out in the US and I was like, well, crap.
I hardly ever watch anime. I think the last one I watched, seriously, was it was a vampire, was it Helsing?
Helsing, maybe.
I think it was the last one I watched.
And we watched that over at Jessica's Old Place after watching Shock Treatment.
Yeah, that sounds about right.
With the projector that Evan had hooked up. I remember that. But like, I used to, I have boxes of laser discs.
You know what we need to do? Have an anime convention, but like not restricted to anime.
We need to just have a convention where it's like, everybody just fucking show up here and we're going to do awesome things.
And if you don't like it, get the fuck out.
You know what? I take that back. You know what the last series I actually downloaded everything was?
Supernatural.
There's a Supernatural anime.
And it's done by Studio Madhouse.
And I watched, no, it's like a whole season of stuff.
And the X-Men one, which was really good because I think that was also Madhouse.
But anyway.
GTFO Con. If you don't like it, GTFO.
But be proud of me. Be either proud or sad for me.
I broke out my Gatchaman episodes from 1972 and was like singing along with it because I will always sing along with the Gatchaman theme.
The last anime I guess I watched were all those Gatchaman commercials that Nintendo had after their last 3DS conference in Japan.
What the hell was that?
I downloaded all the ones that that internet provider did in Japan that were live action with S.M.O.P.
For anyone who doesn't know, S.M.O.P. is the Japanese version of Minuto.
Alright, Dark Sakura, next news story.
And then release dates, a couple more news stories.
And then the classic game of the week, which is a real good one tonight.
Well there's a game that's been announced for PC, but it was originally a smartphone game.
It's called Death Rally.
It just has the best name ever.
So it's being rebuilt for the PC with a new engine, camera, new controls.
Well of course it's going to be a new control since it was a phone game before.
And it's going to have a new track and the Shadow Man from the 1996 version.
So you should see it on Steam for 10 bucks.
So if anyone wants Death Rally, it's on Steam.
And it actually looks pretty neat, you know, because it's cars and blowing up stuff.
And it was developed in Finland, where everybody is happy and has universal healthcare.
Alright, let's travel around the world and check out release dates coming to a country near you.
Possibly Finnish release dates, we might cover that in a minute.
But first, the U.S.
Did you know that's true though?
As far as international happiness level, Finland was rated number one.
There is not much coming out this week.
What did you just do to Dark Sakura to make her squee like that, Alan?
I brought out one of my awesome Sailor Moon, Sailor Stars fansub tapes.
Look at how awesome those are.
It's got a laser print sticker on the tape too, you should open it.
To the radio listeners, it probably sounded like you grabbed her boob.
Alan, don't do that.
This is awesome. Very cool.
We had Fushigi Yugi like this for a while, back in the day.
Every episode of Fushigi Yugi.
Alright, so, sorry, we were with release dates.
Loki, not Jack and Shit.
Not much. It's literally Jack and Shit.
I don't know which one you're going to consider Jack or Shit, here we go.
The Secret World, which is a new MMO being launched, that's coming out on PC.
That looked interesting, that can be the Jack.
And then, Theater-Rhythm Final Fantasy for the 3DS.
You know, it looks like shit, but everybody that's played it has really enjoyed it.
Somebody came on here and said that was their favorite game from PAX East.
So, maybe it's one of those looks can be deceiving things.
That's out this week, huh? I might have to pick that up.
There's no demo for that or anything?
There might be, I'm not sure. I mean, there's a Kingdom Hearts demo.
There's a Kingdom Hearts demo because I finally recharged my DS so I could download that.
I would think that there would be a demo for that.
Rhythm Thief has a demo, but I don't think Theater-Rhythm does.
Hm, I don't know.
Chatters, what do you think? Which of those games sounds more exciting?
Secret World or Theater-Rhythm? I want to know. Live.vognetwork.com.
Meanwhile, Japanese release dates. Let's talk what's happening over there.
July 5th, a little more exciting in Japan.
Xbox 360. Earth Defense Force Insect Armageddon gets a price reduction.
Max Anarchy is the new game from Sega coming out on the 360.
And there's also Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Future Soldier comes out in Japan as well.
Yeah, I really wish it was coming out over here. Max Anarchy or Anarchy Reigns over here.
I was going to say, it's Anarchy Reigns, right?
Yeah, it got delayed next year.
Oh, wow. Really? So, you're going to have to import it, I guess, if you want to play it.
No, I'm not.
Because it is also out on the PlayStation 3 this week.
Which, as you know, PS3 is region-free, so if you really wanted to play it, you could.
Other games out on the PS3 this week. Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Future Soldier.
Tactical Assault Commander 3 gets a price reduction.
Or it's, I guess, the camouflage version. Oh, no, that's $129. That's not a price reduction.
I don't know what that is. Oh, this is a... Never mind. You know what that is?
American... It's one of those little MechWarrior mouse slash number pad slash draw...
It's one of these things. Look. It's one of those. It's not a game.
It's a peripheral that has the mouse. But it's for the PS3, which is interesting.
So, it's definitely for more tactical-based strategy games.
Batman, Arkham Asylum, and Arkham City get price reductions in Japan this week,
as they are released into the PS3, the best collection.
Looking at the handhelds here real quick, on the Vita, you have a game called
Dokuro comes out this week. I do not know...
I'm trying to think what this game is over here.
I thought I saw a preview for this, and I can't think of what this is called over here.
I've seen this somewhere. Yeah.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Let me see if these screenshots look familiar to you.
It's on the Vita. This is Dokuro.
I thought I saw this in one of the PS3 conferences, and it looked interesting to me.
Looks interesting. Looks like a little bit of a side-scroller.
Kind of has a gothic-esque theme to it.
Looks a little bit like the Nightmare Before Christmas.
Lastly, on the 3DS this week, there are some more peripherals,
but as far as games go, we have Sekaiju no Meikyu 4 Denshu no Kaioshin
comes out this week, and that is...
a game where you make your own character and set up a team of explorers
and go through labyrinths. Hey, Rob, it's an anime.
Is it? Bludgeoning Angel Dokuro-chan.
Thank you. Dokuro means skull.
Maybe that's why it looks familiar. I've seen a cartoon version or something on YouTube.
Lastly, on the 3DS this week, Danball Senkai Baku Boost
comes out this week from level 5. I believe it's...
I think it means skull.
This is another one of those mech knights type of fighting games.
There you go. Let's travel to the UK.
On the 3rd, the Secret World. And on the 4th, Rainbow Moon,
which makes me now think of Sailor Moon. Thank you, Alan.
On the 6th, we have Beat the Beat Rhythm Paradise,
Test Drive Ferrari Racing Legends, and Theater Rhythm Final Fantasy.
That's it.
Some feedback on the release dates from our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com.
Stan says, I want to play Max Anarchy. Bayonetta's in it.
S is the guy from Madworld.
He's one of the main characters in it.
In fact, I think a lot of the characters from Madworld are in there.
I want to say a lot of the villains are.
It looks interesting.
Why isn't Bayonetta 2 already a thing that came out in Japan last year?
That's a great question. Why is that not a thing?
It's because a developer probably wants to make it, but I don't think it was profitable.
I mean, it was somewhat profitable, but it's still a niche title,
but I think that they totally would do that.
Because it's the guy who left Capcom Platinum Games.
It's his studio that made it, and they're working on something else big now.
Metal Gear Rising.
That would be a distraction.
Probably preventing a Bayonetta 2.
Unless Bayonetta is a secret character in Metal Gear Rising.
Let's fucking hope. For real.
You know, actually, the guy from Madworld would be a good character for that,
because since it's all the cutting stuff, you could get him in there with his chainsaw arm.
Nice.
Alright, a couple more stories for you guys in the classic game of the week.
But first, Loki.
So, you know, I really hate it when there's an awesome game coming out,
and then it's all fucking buggy, Bethesda.
So, Ghost Recon Future Soldier on PC just came out this week,
and apparently it is really buggy.
A bunch of the PC users have kind of gathered on the Ubisoft forums
and made a bug report for them.
Letting them know, you know, what exactly the issues are.
And, you know, apparently it ranges from everything that, you know,
the mouse doesn't work to some other minor things.
I don't know. It's just kind of bad, I guess.
I don't know. I'm not much of a PC player.
I would have thought, though, they took the extra time to get the PC version right.
I mean, because this game came out back in May,
and the PC version not until, you know, the end of June.
And so now they just kind of, eh.
I don't know.
Test your shit. I mean, seriously.
They literally have broken it down.
They've broken it down.
The hardware compatibility, input FPS resolution, graphic issues in game,
online, audio menus, and other.
Why is it that these companies treat gamers like they're beta testers
and not like they're fucking, you know, customers?
I mean, that's stupid.
Oh, shit.
We pre-order anyway.
We didn't know those tires fell off of the car.
I mean, if we had driven it, we would have surely noticed that that was the case.
Your steering wheel only turns to the left?
Well, that's unfortunate.
You know, thankfully our track, you know, we turned to the left.
And so, yeah.
Huh.
Well, now we talked a little bit before about anime.
And I might not be the biggest anime fan in the world.
I mean, it's all right.
But one thing I do love is I love the stuff that comes from Miyazaki and all that stuff.
So you know I'm looking forward to Ni no Kuni, which is the,
or I guess that's already out in Japan, actually.
But the English translation is coming out finally soon.
And in Europe, there is going to be a Wizards edition that comes out.
And it's going to have a copy of what's called the Wizards Companion,
which is the spell book used in game.
There's a Drippy doll.
It doesn't actually drip.
Drippy is the little character that comes with it.
You get some other DLC stuff with this.
And that will be out when the game comes out on January 25th.
And some good news.
It was announced for North America shortly afterwards.
However, you can only get it on Namco's online shop at store.namcobandigames.com.
It will set you back $99.99.
But I got to say, looks pretty awesome.
I'm really looking forward to this game.
So that's one I'll be playing early next year for sure.
Ni no Kuni.
I think I'm sort of past that phase where I'm buying special editions of just about everything.
Yeah, me too.
And I hate the DLC stuff.
I think my burn phase was when I bought the Cardcaptor Sakura game on Dreamcast.
Paid 90 bucks for a plate and a clock and a fork and a spoon.
And a pillowcase.
I mean if the collector's edition is $10 more or $20 maybe tops and it's a series I really love, then maybe.
But you are asking me to take a big risk here on Ni no Kuni.
Sometimes those collector's editions kind of bomb too.
Like the Tron video game.
I see those collector's editions still on clearance.
It's been almost a year and a half since the movie and the game.
So people are still trying to unload those collector's editions.
Even popular ones like Halo Reach and stuff.
That's true.
A ton of those.
Yeah.
Alright.
Well, let's go back to a time when things were simpler.
We didn't have $400 collector's editions of games or games that come with leather jackets which I think was a thing a couple weeks ago.
A time when games were classic.
You bought the $50 game and if you didn't like it the way it was out of the box then F you.
Or when you would go around from store to store so that you could get the Killer Instinct CD.
And sometimes these games that you would buy would be hard as hell too.
And I think that's a very important thing to state.
And God, I hope you were good.
Anyway, it's the classic game of the week.
Dark Soccer, what is the classic game of the week this week?
Ninja Gaiden for the NES.
Specifically, the NES version.
It's hard as fuck.
In Japan it was called Ninja Ryukenden which is Legend of the Ninja Dragon Sword.
And in Europe it was Shadow Warriors because there was this big taboo about using the word ninja.
For example, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Teenage Mutant Hero Turtles over there.
There you go. I know my stuff.
So it was a little platformer where you beat people up and chopped them in half with your sword.
And it was ported to the PC Engine.
Actually, let me start back.
It came out in December 1988 in Japan, March 1989 in North America, and September 1991 in Europe.
There was a PC Engine version in 1992 and a Super NES version as part of the Ninja Gaiden trilogy in 1995.
And there's been mobile phone versions with episodic content.
And it's now on the Virtual Console as of 2007.
So you play as Ryu Hayabusa, who we might also know from Dead or Alive and the current Ninja Gaiden games.
So he's learned that someone named the Jockio plans to take control of the world by using demon power.
So you have to go through all the different acts and you have 20 levels.
And it's hard. Hard, hard, hard, hard.
More than that, the big thing is that it had such an elaborate story and used cinematic cut scenes as far as an 8-bit system could handle.
Which were epic as fuck at the time. Seriously.
And it even had a novelization done in...
Oh, it was one of the FX9 books, wasn't it?
Yeah, the Worlds of Power-ness.
Oh, that's right!
And he actually kind of had something to write off of.
He had to just make shit up for games like Simon's Quest, where the story for Simon's Quest was really strange.
But yeah, he actually was able to keep the Ninja Gaiden one pretty close to the cinematics.
Yeah.
So basically, it's just super hard.
This is a game I haven't eaten.
You can use Shuriken, you can use your spiritual strength power.
You also get Shuriken that work like boomerangs.
You get different types of things that will freeze your enemies.
The fire wheels. All kinds of neat stuff.
And even with that, no one can beat it. Sorry, it's impossible.
It just won't happen.
I know people who have beaten it.
But I don't think Dan's beaten it.
I've gotten to the last fucking stage and there's a jump that is so hard.
It was controller-throwing, rage-inducing.
Alan knows what I'm like when I'm mad.
That was one of them that made me mad.
It's like you would jump.
Actually, if anyone wants to see the best rendition of how every gamer feels playing this game,
look at the Angry Video Game Nerd's little video about this game.
That is everybody playing this game.
My one difficult NES game triumph is that I beat the original Ninja Turtles NES game,
which also has a rep for being hard as hell.
You know, it's an American-made game.
I beat that twice and all the other times I couldn't get past the final boss.
But yeah, ninja-gating is harder than that, so that's some scary shit.
Well, it was developed by Tecmo.
Another series back in the day that Tecmo did was Rygar,
which I don't know if I've done on Classic Game before.
Rygar is a pretty good game.
Of course, Tecmo Bowl.
So this one also had an arcade version that was a beat-em-up,
but they weren't really ports of each other.
They were kind of different.
And the developer said that the term ninja was gaining popularity in North America,
so that's why they made the game with the ninja in it.
And actually, the NES version was developed by Hideo Yoshizawa,
who was listed as Sakurazaki in the credits.
So you can see that if you look at the arcade credits and the NES credits,
completely different development teams.
So basically, that's where the differences came in with the two versions.
So it's just really supposed to be more like you're playing along them,
is what they were going for.
That you were involved in the story of the game as well as playing the game itself.
So because the game's title was actually too difficult for English audiences,
that's why they changed it to Ninja Gaiden.
And they were going to call it Dragon Ninja, but Ninja Gaiden just worked.
And it actually literally means ninja side story.
But it's not intended to be a spin-off of the arcade version.
God, I remember these bosses. Some of them were hard as fuck.
The first two were easy mode, but then the third one is like, ah!
Sorry.
This might surprise some people because I don't really talk about the new games,
because I'm not nearly into the new games as much as I was the old ones,
but I loved this old series as a kid.
I had this one, part two. My parents would never buy me part three.
But I did get from a friend on Super Nintendo, they did a compilation.
Well, this game had so much featuring in Nintendo Power in 89 and 90.
It was on the March-April 89 cover and referenced in Howard and Esther.
I used to read a bunch of Howard and Esther, just saying.
And it was also in the May-June 1989 issue.
It had complete walk-throughs. There was stuff in the counselor's corner.
It debuted number three in the top 30 list for July and August in 89,
just behind Zelda 2 and Super Mario 2.
You know what they need? Reg and Esther.
No.
Just saying.
So, I mean, basically, going back from this, in 2004,
Tecmo did episodic installments of Ninja Gaiden for the AT&T and Verizon phones
that used the Brew and Java platform.
And the second installment was going to be released in North America,
and it just didn't come out. They didn't keep up with it.
And you know that magazine that Dan and I are into, Retro Gamer,
which is a UK magazine, they did a review and a look back on Ninja Gaiden
in the March 2004 issue, when the 2004 Xbox remake came out.
So, I mean, this game has really spawned a legacy.
It gave us, you know, you keep going, and it's given us, like,
we have characters that are alive.
And going from that, we've got the newer versions, which some are good
and some are not, and the big, flowing red scarf.
And there's also soundtracks. You can get the soundtracks.
The first one came out in 1989. So, there you go.
There it is, your classic game of the week, a real classic, Ninja Gaiden.
On the NES, not to be confused with the arcade version,
which I personally did not care for nearly as much.
It was just too different, as you touched on there.
But I seriously recommend to everybody, when we're done with the show,
go watch the Angry Video Game Nerds version of this.
And then play Ninja Gaiden.
And then play it.
And play the sequel.
And then scream.
And play the third one.
Because the second one introduces the Shadow Ninjas,
which weren't in the first one.
I would like to see how bloody knuckles, you know, people get
from punching the wall while playing this game.
Yeah. AcidicVampire in our chatroom says,
Heard the most recent Ninja Gaiden is shit.
Yeah, that's what I heard, too.
I tried not to get into the new series as much, but I hear they're hard, too.
Is the latest one three or two?
I think it's three.
Okay.
Yeah, because each one got released, like, three times with the Black Omega Ultra Hyper Edition.
Sigma, yeah.
Yeah, so.
Well, I remember it was a big deal because it was on Xbox One.
The first Xbox first.
Yeah.
It was a big deal.
All right, anyhow, we're going to take a break so we can, you know,
do break-type things, like refill our drinks and all that stuff.
But don't go anywhere.
There is plenty more to go when we come back with Orange Lounge Radio.
We're going to have the FUGO Question of the Week, of course.
Your tweets at twitter.com slash O-L-R.
And you know what?
Last week, we didn't get to do any of our big segments because we were busy celebrating with the ten years and everything.
So I think we should play a game tonight.
So we're going to do listless tonight when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Stay tuned.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live on this Sunday night, July the 1st of 2012, with the 463rd episode of our show, taping live at vognetwork.com.
If you're just now joining us live, well, hello.
Come on by the chat room and say hi at live.vognetwork.com.
And if you're listening on the podcast, I hope you didn't fall asleep when I was talking about podcast check-ins earlier
because now you can get vog points just for visiting vognetwork.com.
Log it in and put in your password.
You might get some loot. You might.
But we don't give away all the secrets on how to do that.
We're going to get into some rapid-fire news here and the FUGL question of the week and all that good stuff.
But first, Alan, you're here on the show tonight, and I always like to let the guests plug things.
I know you don't run a website of your own or anything, but you do have something you do want to plug tonight, yes?
Yes, I'm selling off more video games, eBay batch.
So I was selling off duplicates. Now I'm selling off stuff that was once, you know,
normally something I wouldn't part with, but make some extra money.
No one's obligated to bid on it, but I thought the O.L. Army might want to see what I have up for grabs.
I'm going to put a link in chat.
Excellent.
So eBay games.
What kind of stuff are you selling, just to kind of give the impression?
Almost entirely handheld stuff. Game Boy Advance is the bulk of it.
Am I not coming through on audio?
No, it's just the chat room. Sometimes you guys send me mixed signals because and you guys in studio don't.
You're like a psycho girlfriend.
I don't want to sound mean, but don't always take what chat says at face value.
Multiple people have to say it before it's an issue.
And then when you guys get in on it, because one person is saying it in chat, I get really confused.
Two people have to say it in chat before it's really an issue because, like, I don't know.
I can only see the little waveforms going here so I could tell Alan's mic was off.
And I'm sorry, I ran away to turn on a light somewhere else so I didn't see that his stuff wasn't getting through.
Yeah, Rob.
But anyway, now we got it. So I just totally ruined your plug.
But that's what I do. I ruin your life. That's my role.
So how do people find your auctions?
There's a link in chat right now. It's a goog.goal link.
And also if you check the OLR Twitter feed, I don't know if you RT'd it, retweeted it.
But if you check the Orange Sounds Radio Twitter feed and just scroll down if you're a podcast listener listening to this,
they end Thursday nights. You've got four days.
I didn't retweet it on OLR because I was like, ooh, I shouldn't use the business thing for that.
But it was on my personal Twitter. I just retweeted it at twitter.com slash SKIE.
Yeah, so check Sky's Twitter. It should be a couple of posts down.
Okay, awesome.
And do we get some of the games named already? Sorry, I got confused with it.
Do we get some of the games that you are selling?
I haven't listed any of them off, but let me do that real quick.
I wish you had told me about some of these first.
I would have just given you straight up cash.
Final Fantasy 5 and 6, Game Boy Advance.
Those are the ones that have extra maps and espers and job classes.
Advance Wars 1 and 2, bundled together.
Legend of Zelda, A Link to the Past, Four Swords, Game Boy Advance.
Final Fantasy 3 DS, Final Fantasy 2 PSP, Final Fantasy 4 DS, Elite Beat Agents,
Super Smash Brothers Melee GameCube, and Final Fantasy Legend 3 for Game Boy.
That game is 20 years old.
I didn't tell you to name them all. God damn, I'm just kidding. It's fine.
All right, going to our chat room at live.vognetwork.com.
RDGSinge says, do we get a discount if we mention OLR at the eBay checkout?
No, and I have to make very clear, this money is going to Alan.
This money is not going to OLR.
Yeah, this is not some vog fundraiser. This is me just selling games.
But he can plug his stuff because he's sitting here on the show tonight.
However, I will say this, if you do mention OLR at checkout,
we will throw in something small.
Like, we'll throw in something from the OLR vault here.
Just a something small little trinket.
Maybe an autographed picture of myself.
I'll give you something better than that.
I'm a vampire to know that Final Fantasy VI is super awesome,
but I'm never going to play at Game Boy Advance again,
and Final Fantasy VI is available four other different ways.
Plus, I have a Super Nintendo sitting right over there,
and I'm pretty sure there's a Final Fantasy III cartridge somewhere,
which is a pretty decent way to play it.
I realize it has the wrong number in front, but you know what? Deal.
All right, let's get into some rapid-fire news, some quick news stories tonight. Loki.
This shouldn't come as much of a surprise since we were just talking about
all the trouble with the PC version of Ghost Recon Future Soldier.
But yeah, Ghost Recon Arctic Strike, which was going to be the expansion
for Future Soldier, has been delayed.
It's not coming out this week like it was going to.
They're citing polish as the reason to hold it up.
Yes, the polish or, hey, let's not release it with a million bugs,
like with the PC version.
So, got out of the way.
There's a new LEGO MMO coming.
Hopefully this one will last a little longer than the last one.
And it is coming from Funcom, so they kind of know their way around an MMO.
And they haven't really said exactly what this MMO is going to be,
but they have some LEGO minifigs online,
and it's going to be based on that franchise.
I didn't realize they had so many different LEGO minifigs.
They actually have one with bunny ears and stuff and little red riding hood.
It's kind of crazy.
So yeah, family-friendly game, and it's going to be coming out at some point.
LEGO minifigs.
Well, since it didn't work the last time.
And then last but not least, there is a big action movie coming out this summer,
and it doesn't feature Batman, but it features a whole ton of 80s action stars,
including Chuck Norris and Arnold Schwarzenegger and stuff like that.
The Expendables 2, and it is coming out as a video game,
which was kind of leaked out before.
I think it was on the German's rating board and stuff like that.
But it is going to be a PlayStation Network, Xbox Live Arcade game and PC game
coming out probably around the time of the movie.
It's a four-player co-op shooter, and I don't know, it looks neat.
I'm trying to see if this is more of like a...
I think this might be like an arcade-type game, you know?
Like a Time Crisis or something like that.
And obviously it's based on the movie, which I saw the trailer for not that long ago.
It's not like Time Crisis, but it's...
Man, it reminds me of the Nam game that they had on Neo Geo,
where you have your character run across the screen.
It's sort of a shooter, but not.
Do you get to shoot Chuck Norris' character?
I don't know if you get to shoot Chuck Norris' character.
Seriously, fuck that guy.
Okay...
I don't like Chuck Norris. I don't. I think he's a fucking asshole.
But that's my personal opinion. I'm allowed to voice it.
He will hunt you down.
Fuck him! I'll take him on. He's like 70 years old.
Go break a hip.
I would never actually threaten physical violence against someone, disclaimer.
Alright, let's move on with some other news.
Valve...
You want to make some more in-game movies, things in Team Fortress 2,
which, by the way, after last week, where I was like,
oh, I want to play some more first-person shooters and stuff,
I'm probably getting more recommendations for Team Fortress 2 than anything else,
just so you guys know.
So I probably will have to check that out at some point.
But anyway, Team Fortress 2 is one of the games that you can make movies with
now with the Valve Source Filmmaker.
I guess one of the videos they were showing off was this Meet the Pyro video.
I haven't watched this myself yet.
But the Filmmaker can make a movie out of any game that's running on the Source engine.
So the Source movie maker uses the same assets as the game and all this stuff.
So it's like you don't actually have to play the game to make movies
based off of the characters and all that.
It's Machinima's wet dream.
I can only imagine the fear that's in my heart
hearing that they have this and Garry's Mod
combined together into one pure evil cinematic adventure.
Half-Life 3 trailer, right?
There's a ton of...
Not to bring up Mass Effect again,
but people have ported the Mass Effect skins or the bodies into Garry's Mod.
So there are Mass Effect cartoons on YouTube made with Garry's Mod.
So anyhow, you can sign up for the Filmmaker beta
at www.sourcefilmmaker.com.
And I guess right now it's only really Team Fortress 2,
but I'm assuming there will be other games later
and plenty of fake Half-Life 3 trailers to hit the web soon.
Now if you're more of a Portal fan, Jamie,
maybe this is something that will interest you.
A Portal turret mini replica.
Don't you want a turret in your house, StarSakura?
You can get a blow-up turret.
Well, this is not a blow-up.
It is an actual mini model of the Aperture Sentry turret.
It's a 16-inch tall.
This company, Gaming Heads, is only making 350 of them.
You can pre-order it right now for release in Quarter 4 of 2012
for the low, low price of $330.
Rough, excuse me, $325.
So it's full-size, yes.
Yeah.
Not 60 inches, sorry.
I would just make one.
I've made one in Maya.
I've rendered one in 3D.
So, yeah, I don't know if it will actually shoot guns,
but apparently it does have a sound module
that plays the activation search, auto search, disabled,
and all those sound effects.
Just trying to get to that baby.
Your funeral.
And lastly, some people are very excited about this MMO.
It's Guild Wars 2, and I gotta admit, I'm pretty curious.
I want to check it out.
The launch date has been announced.
Get ready to lose sleep the night of Tuesday, August 28th.
That is the day that Guild Wars 2 is launching.
The next and final beta weekend event is planned for July 20th through 22nd
if you want another little sneak peek,
although I do believe you have to have pre-ordered the game to be in the beta,
but you never know.
You might have a friend or something that can show the game to you.
Tuesday, August 28th is the day that that launches.
Moving on, Dark Sakura.
Well, you know how there was that whole thing,
the kusu that got the Minecraft Lego set made?
There's Portal 1 now.
It's got GLaDOS' chamber, the modular testing chamber with turrets,
cubes, portal gun, and more.
So you can go to lego.kusu.c-u-u-s-o-o.com.
Kusu, whatever.
I won't want to say kusu because that's Japanese for shit.
Slash idea slash view slash 18258 pound, as in the pound symbol.
Then Gunlord for Dreamcast.
Yes, there's still Dreamcast games being made,
and you can get it for 40 bucks or you get a limited edition for 50 bucks.
It has a dragon box for 120 bucks.
So yeah, Dreamcast.
I love the Dreamcast shit.
And then finally, Sony says that their new racing wheel
is going to have double the accuracy of a DualShock.
And it's kind of a weird spaceship-shaped freaky-ass controller thing
that uses the Move.
And that's how they're marketing it.
It's going to be 40 bucks.
Seriously, this thing is fucking weird.
It uses the Move as well, so if you don't have a Move,
you've got to get one of those too.
If you don't have a Move, you're SOL.
Just don't buy it.
I mean, seriously, don't buy the steering wheel thing.
Let's be honest.
How many more racing games that are going to utilize that
are going to come out on the PS3 before the next system comes out?
Probably like one or two.
I'm linking this ugly-ass thing in the chat room.
And, Ronma, if you'll please put this on our Tumblr,
it's just completely hideous.
All right.
It looks actually kind of like a really weird sex toy,
which the Move looks like anyway.
Let's get into the FUGL question of the week.
It's my vehicle.
Every week, we ask you guys a question on Facebook
and the same question on Google+.
Put them together, and you get FUGL.
That's why we call it the FUGL question of the week.
And because I can't let this topic go,
the question of the week this week was very simple.
And the question is, what is a gamer?
And before we had the discussion at the top of the show tonight,
I wanted to know from the listeners what they thought
before you whipped out the dictionary and all that.
So let's see what the listeners...
And I purposely left it vague.
I just wanted to get a very organic response.
So I guess we'll start on Google+,
because unfortunately we usually have less answers there,
because, you know, it's Google+.
There's not a lot of people on it.
Let's see.
Ooh, we do have two answers.
Ooh, we have three answers on Google+.
Holy shit.
Okay, we're going to read them all.
ActDeft says, a miserable pile of controllers,
but enough of that.
Have at you.
Oh, I was hoping we'd get Castlevania jokes.
Seriously speaking, a gamer is someone who plays games,
whether it's only one game or type of games or many.
There are different types of gamers, though,
like casuals and hardcore gamers.
But if you play a game and like it
and probably invest time and or money in it,
then you're officially a gamer.
Let me be in line with what we were saying earlier.
Flaco Jones replied and said,
anyone who games and is willing to identify themselves as a gamer.
I like that little kind of second twist there,
willing to identify themselves as a gamer.
Maybe some folks on Facebook don't want to be gamers.
They just want to play their Price is Right slots.
Surtur says, a gamer is someone that includes video games,
phone, handheld, PC, and or console
as part of their entertainment consumption.
So does that mean like someone who budgets money for games?
Look at my house, gamer.
All right, going to Facebook at facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
Raginator says, a miserable sack of lies.
Oh, there it is, another Castlevania joke.
Oh, wait, never mind. That's the answer to what is a man.
Well, actually, it's a miserable little pile of secrets.
But anyway, well, in simplest terms,
a gamer is one who plays games regardless of the form they take.
Video games, CCGs, tabletop, pen and paper, RPGs, et cetera.
Usually, and more often than not,
those that play video games pretty much come to mind first and foremost.
You know, Raginator reminded me of the Twitter rant
I wrote on that whole conversation the first time it came up.
And I said something about,
this guy has probably never played Dungeons and Dragons second edition.
Come back when you've calculated a THAC0, bitch.
I wanted to get a shirt that says I still know what my THAC0 is.
They probably make those.
Do you know what it means, Bob?
To hit Armor Class Zero.
Yes.
All right.
Redthehaze says, it's a person who enjoys video games as a hobby.
I won't distinguish between who's hardcore or not,
since that's very hipster douche sort of thing
that was being done before it was cool.
It's video games, it's for fun, and we should all get along.
I like his answer.
It's very hippie and non-hippie at the same time.
Get along or I will fucking kill you.
Kinda. I'm embellishing.
Picaruno says, I'd argue that there's no such thing as a gamer.
It's as redundant a term as breather or eater,
since everyone plays some form of game, whether you're aware of it or not.
Unless you're supremely boring.
Unless you play first person shooters, no offense.
I think he's being funny, not serious.
There's mouth breather, but that's something different.
Porkchop says, obviously, a gamer is someone who plays games,
but to go all Mr. Miyagi.
A gamer has the ability to disconnect from reality,
to travel to other worlds.
Whether it be to solve puzzles, explore uncharted lands,
or battle formidable foes,
a gamer can become one with their environment
and achieve greatness through hard work and dedication among their peers.
Or something like that.
Somehow I just thought at the end of that statement there,
it should be, and enjoy a book at your local library.
It's like, something like that.
It was a very zen answer.
It was very, like, then you see the caterpillar from Alice in Wonderland
taking a big poof off the hookah.
Anyway.
Speaking, just to derail the show for a second.
Sure.
One of the things on Kotaku they like doing
is posting the really bad stock footage of gamers.
And one of them had this nerdy chick on a couch
playing a game, really weird,
laying face first off the couch,
and her friend is smoking a hookah that's not lit.
I just thought that was, like, why even have that?
Why would there need to be stock?
I need a picture of a nerdy girl sitting awkwardly on a couch
while her friend smokes a hookah.
I need this now as stock footage.
They're high on life, Loki.
I'm still in my way. I need that.
Wicked replies and says,
Great musical, by the way. Thank you for commenting.
I feel that a gamer is someone who plays games,
regardless of genre, platform, or even method.
I would consider people who are avid board game players gamers.
They play games just like someone who plays World of Warcraft is a gamer.
If it's an activity you enjoy, it doesn't matter the medium you enjoy it in.
A gamer covers lots of ground,
and the only true definition is someone who plays games.
Oh, excuse me, I have two more.
Tigerclaw says,
A gamer is a person who plays not just video games,
but all sorts of games, be it board games, the pen and paper,
role-playing games, or card games.
Lastly, Chiggers says,
Here's the real short answer, one who games.
I think we can all accept that answer.
Thank you, everybody, for listening.
Well, thanks for listening, sure,
but thanks for responding as well on Facebook and Plus.
Participating is the big word we use at VoG Network, yes, participating.
But contributing, too.
Stop giving me the death stare.
Why are you giving me the death stare?
I'm not giving you the death stare.
You are giving me a little bit of death stare.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Hey, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie.
What?
Garrus.
Loki.
Well, that's like a new thing.
The first ten years were rah, rah, rah, rah, what?
The second ten years will be Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie.
Garrus.
Teehee.
Loki.
So, apparently, Hollywood's next big idea to bring to theaters,
since they're adapting all sorts of properties,
be it board game and movie title or comic book or, you know,
I don't know, all these reboots and stuff,
now they're going to bring back Carmen Sandiego.
As in, where in the world is Carmen Sandiego?
Your journey into geography.
You know a story like this is just begging for it.
It is.
It's just begging for it.
It is.
It's begging for it.
One, two, three.
Yeah.
Move up, move it, move it.
Is there really any movie needed?
I don't want to hear the dubstep version of this, though.
No, nothing beats-
Actually, that would be kind of funny.
But, yes, they're planning on-
No, we need to have a serious moment.
This is a, for real, serious moment.
I don't care if you have to blow all five of these men to get this to happen.
This movie is null and void if that song is not in it.
Can we all agree on that?
It's playing in the credits.
I mean, that credits is fine.
You know, like, doesn't even have to be the first or second song in the credits,
like the last song in the credits or second to last or-
Just have Carmen Sandiego be in New York City
and these guys standing on the street-
There's a hilarious cameo they could do.
No, she shows up in Disneyland and it's the Dapper dance.
Yes, fine.
I don't care how you do it and I don't care if these guys have aged 20 years,
get a new Rockapella.
If they can keep doing Menudo over and over, then they can do new Rockapella.
I agree with SSJ100Matt.
Rockapella needs to be on standby at all times.
Here's the weird thing, though, about it, though,
is it sounds like this is going to be based on-
Granted, it's been a very long time since I played the PC game.
I don't remember if you were also a-
I think, weren't you part of the ACME agency or something like that?
Yes.
Because she was part of the ACME agency
and then she turned to Life of Grime or something like that.
She went rogue.
She went rogue.
Was there really a fucking backstory to Carmen Sandiego?
Yes, there apparently was.
I thought it was just like, we gotta capture this bitch.
Like, that was really-
The old versions of the game, it's like, why are we looking for her?
She's bad. Get her.
So-
There was a whole story.
There was a cartoon series and the cartoon series wasn't bad, I thought.
I played the crap out of Where in Time is Carmen Sandiego.
But anyways, the story, it's being penned by Darren Lemke,
who did Shrek Forever After and Jack the Giant Killer,
I guess that's coming out soon.
Sounds great.
And then, of course, the movie involves Carmen Sandiego,
who's turned from the greatest detective to an infamous criminal,
and then her former colleagues try to hunt her down and she-
they uncover a conspiracy and question whether Carmen is really a thief
or a hero, which is stupid.
And then, on top of that, you know, I think they were saying that,
oh god, Jennifer Lopez is being targeted as the person to play Carmen Sandiego,
and Angelina Jolie. Really, it needs to be Angelina Jolie.
I think that she looks the part.
And Angelina Jolie would go topless.
Which, you know, there's nothing wrong with a little gratuitous nudity.
Now, I do believe that they're trying to make it a family-
She's naked under that red trench coat.
In my head, she always was naked under that red trench coat.
Now, I believe that they're trying to make it a little family-friendly,
but I would be down for the topless, uncut edition.
Unrated, you know, family-friendly, or full-on big-breasted nudity.
Sounds wonderful to me.
Yeah, so I look forward to the success of this movie,
and hopefully, you know, the Oregon Trail movie and Number Munchers the movie.
So, yeah.
Hollywood is really out of ideas.
I think that's what we've come down to, is that they're out of ideas.
You know what's sad, though?
There was one essential character in the Where in the World is Carmen Sandiego TV show.
Oh, you're not going to be able to hear this.
It's very quiet on this movie here, but it's the Chief,
if you can hear that in the background.
Remember the Chief?
She was great.
She was great, and she was a character in the video games that they had and everything,
but unfortunately, that actress, Lynn Thigpen, she passed away a couple years ago.
So, unfortunately, they would have to put somebody new in her role,
or somebody old in her role.
Perhaps somebody from the Sim City series
that could maybe do some news reporting or something like that.
Yeah, but that wasn't a sassy black woman.
I don't care. It's still all right.
It could be Samuel L. Jackson, a sassy black man.
Although, since race isn't an issue, if you want to talk about somebody old,
Betty White would make a great Chief.
Oh, I don't care. Just run her over with a truck.
Or one chick from the community.
She's a sassy black woman that could play the role.
I think it'd work.
Or what's her name from Reno 9-1-1?
She could... maybe.
Wanda Sykes, because, God, she can't be in more annoying roles out there.
As the Chief.
Wanda Sykes is the Chief.
Oh, man, we probably should have done the list list tonight.
Sassy black woman you would have liked to have had as the Chief,
but unfortunately we have a different topic tonight.
That's a little specific.
Anyway, I was going to get the...
Old edutainment game that needs to become a movie.
Kathy Griffin, because she identifies as a strong black woman.
Turtle, the movie.
Vandy has a great one. Medea as the Chief.
All right, and since you all brought it up,
here's one actress who could be the new Chief from Sin City Action News.
Carol Davenport, here with a special report.
Tornado, big city, big hit.
Curse, trailer, the city animal park.
God, forget it.
Lord Partly, my hair is ruined and I said to her, yes, you're dead.
She literally just disappeared off the face of the earth.
She's a great actress.
I mean, you know somebody was just standing there off camera
with a tornado blowing it in her face,
and she was doing all that acting for the tornado.
It was just brava, brava, Carol Davenport, brava.
And you know, back when I was kind of toying out the idea of FMV actors,
where are they now?
She is not easy to find.
She isn't. I tried to find her too.
That's the interview I want more than any other.
Find me. Find her and bring her to me.
J100 Matt says he's still trying to track down Stephanie Fargo.
And Tiger Call recommended Zoe Saldana for Carmen Sandiego,
and that woman needs to eat some tacos.
I like her, though.
She needs to eat something.
I love her in Star Trek.
Well, yeah, but she still needs to eat.
Uhura had some back, sorry.
All right, moving on.
We're going to go topless wearing the world's Carmen Sandiego.
I'd even be fine with Mila Kunis doing the role.
I would pay to see that.
She is a gamer, isn't she?
She would be familiar with the subject material.
And they've done fake topless with her, but it's time.
It's time in your career to elevate it to the next plateau.
I mean, let's go.
If Halle Berry could go topless and win an Oscar to say in.
How would you work a topless scene in a Carmen Sandiego?
I would even be fine with Halle Berry doing topless chief, you know.
She could be a sassy black woman.
For me, I see Halle Berry's not very sassy to me.
I always picture monsters ball.
I don't know.
And then storm.
But anyway.
No, Natalie Portman would not make Carmen Sandiego, sorry.
Here's how you work a topless scene in the Carmen Sandiego movie.
Is that she's hiding out in Monaco at the beach.
Because I think that was a scene in, what was that movie with Pierce Brosnan and Rene Russo that was basically James Bond, but it wasn't.
It was, um.
I'm not James Bond.
It was a remake of an older movie. Somebody in chat will yell it out.
But you had to have seen this movie because, I mean, Rene Russo was like 50 years old, you know, and she looked great.
And she had no problem doing the nude sunbathing scene on the beach.
And even, you know, again, I've said this before.
I'm very secure in my homosexuality.
But I can appreciate a nice pair of tits.
She had a great rack.
She's just, I mean, come on, if Holly Berry's taking it off in Swordfish.
Swordfish! I mean, a movie that really didn't need that.
But she did it.
Thank you! Acidic Vampire, The Thomas Crown Affair. That was it.
Uh.
Member?
Alright.
Anyhow.
What are you snickering at over there, Darcy?
Oh, one of my friends posted one of those demotivational posters of two midgets getting into a fight.
And it says, I have a feeling this is going to be a short fight.
No.
Stop.
Alright.
Well, somebody thought this company would be a lot more short-lived than they really were.
But they've lasted a long time.
And it's Atari.
Atari is celebrating 40 years this week.
Or they did this past week.
I didn't realize their birthday was the day after mine.
But it is.
40 years ago was when Nolan Bushnell and Ted Dabney got together and founded Atari.
At the time, it was CIGI.
I guess that's what they wanted to call it.
But they couldn't get that name.
So they went with Atari.
Great runner-up.
So yeah, that's awesome.
40 year anniversary for Atari.
And yeah, they did a little infographic.
1972 is when it was founded.
That's when Pong came out.
Breakout was 76.
The original Atari 2600 or the Atari VCS, 1977.
Let's see.
Of course, they don't mention the big video game crash in here.
Oh no, they do.
1983.
Revenues dropped 97%.
Later on, the Atari greatest hits on the iPad.
Which, by the way, on the 40th anniversary, they just made all the games free.
So I actually played.
I didn't talk about it in my gaming week.
Because, like, LOL, Atari 2600.
But I played, like, Combat 2.
I played Sword Quest.
Which was an amazing...
There was a Combat 2?
It was a prototype that was never actually released.
And it's in that iPad one.
Is it any good?
No.
Well, on the iPad, no.
But if it had come out many years ago, yes.
Because, like, it's different.
Like, the terrain is different.
There's trees, which is different colored blocks that you can shoot through.
And it just, it kind of has a more natural look.
Kind of like River Raid.
But combat.
Like, if that makes any sense at all.
So, yes, Atari is 40 years old.
And I thought, you know, to celebrate Atari's birthday,
maybe we could throw them a listless party!
That's right.
We're going to play listless, which we haven't done in a few weeks here on Orange Lounge Radio.
So let me explain how listless works with you guys.
We are going to be coming up with the definitive list.
And it's a highly scientific process we go through.
First, let me give you the topic.
Tonight's topic is,
What could Atari do to be as relevant today as they were in 1982?
Because, let's be real, Atari slipped a little bit over the years.
Did any of you play Driver 3?
Did anybody actually own a Jaguar, besides Dark Sakura?
No, I haven't owned a Jaguar.
Really?
Because the only two games that were good on it, I actually own on Sega Saturn.
So anyhow, we want to do a topic, What could Atari do to be as relevant today as they were in 1982?
What we're going to do, each of us will go around here in studio,
myself, Loki, Dark Sakura, and special guest Alan tonight,
and we're going to give our top three answers.
And that's going to leave us with a list of 12.
And then the hard part, it's not fun, but science isn't easy, you guys.
It's not easy.
So we're going to have to go around and each person will take one item off the list.
That leaves us with a list of eight that those of you in our chat room,
live at live.vognetwork.com, can vote on to make the definitive list.
Now if you guys have suggestions, yell them out in our chat room,
because if one of our hosts decides they suddenly don't like one of the answers they wrote down before the show,
or one of the answers gets duplicated, or they simply like your answer better,
then they will use it and hopefully give you credit.
Unless they just happen to have wrote the same thing down already,
because I see one of my answers already got written down in chat.
So we'll see what happens.
Oops.
It would help if I didn't leave the chat room.
All right.
I'm an idiot.
Okay.
Let's start the list.
Of course, I can't start the list until I open up WordPad.
There we go.
All right.
Let's start off the list.
Alan, you're the guest tonight, so you'll start us off.
Alan, your number three option.
How could Atari be relevant today like it was 1982?
Combat as a Facebook game with real money microtransactions to rotate more than once a day.
I get it.
So like the little turret in line with a true Facebook game.
You have to turn once a day, but if you want to turn more, it's going to be like 50 cents.
Otherwise you'll be shooting to the right forever.
It's like a broken arcade game from 1982 where you can't move left anymore.
That's how it's going to play.
Bring combat to Facebook.
Bring combat to Facebook.
Didn't Atari actually bring some of their games to Facebook?
I think they might have, but Combat I don't believe was one of them.
So the answer stands.
Dark Sakura.
We'll let ladies go next.
Your number three answer.
Atari presents Pizza Time Theater the game.
I see.
Wasn't Chuck E. Cheese a one-time Pizza Time Theater?
No additional.
I see.
So what would happen in Pizza Time Theater the game?
You'd vomit.
And you'd have to shoot the animatronics or the pizza gun.
Do the animatronics go bad at night?
And then you'd have to run away from the employees and hide in the pole position machine so they don't give you out.
All right.
Let's see.
Stupid helicopter.
I'll go next.
I'll let Loki go last.
My answer for the thing that they could do.
Garrus 2600 is my answer.
It would just be a brand new Atari 2600 game that is Garrus' face.
And that's all it mouths things to you.
And then that horrible, horrible 2600 chip.
So Garrus 2600.
All right, Loki, your number three answer for how could Atari be relevant today?
Marvel Madness 2.
Oh, a serious answer for Loki.
That's a good one.
That's a damn good answer.
Maybe a new Marvel Madness game.
It's awesome.
Well, sure, we did get Super Monkey Ball, but that's not right.
Not even close.
Marvel Madness 2.
All right.
So, so far, we have combat on Facebook, Pizza Time Theater, the game, Garrus 2600, and Marvel Madness 2.
Let's go to the number two answers.
Alan?
You're setting something up in chat right now.
What is this?
I don't have the best relationship with chat when it comes to list lists.
I have a bad habit of eliminating their favorite answers.
So they want to lynch me and I'm trying to tell them that if they message me, that won't happen.
All right, fair enough.
Okay, your number two answer.
Pong Ultra HD Remix President Cat Edition for Steam, XBLA, and iOS.
And how would Pong Ultra HD Remix President Cat Edition work?
Just meows and she'd bounce around in his little suit.
Instead of going boop, boop, it goes meow, meow.
So it would be meow, meow, meow.
And the little Pong thing would leave Rainbow Trails.
Perfect, right?
Yeah.
President Cat.
All right.
Loki, or excuse me, Dark Sakura.
Your number two answer.
Working 5200 controllers.
Working 5200 controllers.
If anyone has ever owned one or more Atari 5200, you know the controllers are shit.
And even aftermarket controllers are kind of shit, if they just had real 5200 controllers
that you didn't have to hold a screwdriver to the contact to get it to hit start on your damn game,
then maybe the 5200 might have lived longer.
Maybe it might have caught on.
Because it has the best home version of Kix ever.
Can you tell that this is a sore point?
Maybe a little bit, just a little bit.
All right, my answer is kind of similar to what we already heard, but it's what I wrote down.
I'm running with it.
I said remake ET as a PlayStation Network Xbox Live Arcade game.
I had ET the extraterrestrial 30 year anniversary HD remake pre-order bonus via GameStop exclusive.
I was going to say remake Yars' Revenge, and then I was like, oh, wait, they actually did that.
And, well, yeah, we're sitting here now.
So I say ET, it was just misunderstood if they would just have made it a little more difficult
to fall in those fucking holes.
I played the hell out of that game, and I was seven, and children are stupid.
ET was not that bad.
There were far worse games on the 2600, Pac-Man being one of them, excuse me.
That game was shit.
All right, at least ET had that cool neck thing.
All right, Loki, your number two answer.
My number two answer would be a sequel to Adventure in the Style of Skyrim.
Yeah, it's like Atari has the most generic fucking name for an RPG ever.
They own that trademark, unless they sold it years ago, which is possible,
but they could make a sequel to Adventure.
Because remember, there was adventure.
That's true.
Wasn't there a prototype for Adventure 2?
I want to say I've heard of one somewhere.
I think maybe.
I think there was.
No.
Well, what they need is they need adventure with blood.
Like, when you kill those dragons, I want to feel it.
I want that shit that's in the Dawnguard expansion where swords go through heads
and all that stuff and all that crazy, violent stuff from Skyrim.
Adventure with violence.
Okay, number one answer time.
Adventure 2 is on the 5200, and it was a proto.
So I'm not crazy, but it was 5200, which far less people own than the 2600.
I've got two of them.
Give me one.
Alan, your number one answer for how could Atari be relevant like it was 1982?
It was originally going to be the ET1, but that's yours now.
So I'm going to say finish what Custer's Revenge started
and find a way to break into the adult entertainment industry.
You know, I think there's a hint of realness to that answer
because it's like the one place that no one else would dare to go.
But Atari could have a future in pornography,
except maybe it could be less racist next time.
That should have been my number three answer because it's more silly,
but I was pressed for an idea.
That's interesting.
Did you get that one from Chad, or did you make that up?
I made it up.
Good job.
All right, Dark Soccer, your number one pick.
You know this one because I said it before we even started this.
A new console, the Atari 1090.
Why 1090?
I don't know.
It sounds good.
We had the 7800 and I was going to do the 1080, but I don't know.
You've got ten extra points of definition.
It's 1090 points of awesome Atari.
So all those blocks will be super sharp and not too pickley.
All right, my number one answer for how could Atari be relevant
like it was in 1982, more Tempest 2000.
Yes, yes, I agree with that, Rob.
More Tempest 2000.
You know what, you should recharge my super zapper.
Yeah, they did Tempest 3000.
Yes, I do.
That was supposed to be on the Jaguar.
I played it at Atari Party two years ago.
Nice.
Freaking awesome.
But we need more Tempest 2000.
Heck yeah.
It wasn't on 2600, it was on the Jaguar.
And the Sega Saturn.
And then Tempest X was the PlayStation version.
And it had the most awesome soundtrack that ever awesomeed.
I'll play you a clip later.
Seriously.
I'll play you a clip later.
All right, but first we have to get the last answer.
Loki's number one answer.
Loki?
A combat MMO done in the style of 2600,
but you know, since they've got planes and tanks and stuff like that,
imagine armies of tanks and planes and stuff like that
fighting each other.
Kind of like the big open warfare that they have in Battlefield 3
or something like that, but you know, with really like 4-bit tanks.
I love it.
I love it.
Combat the MMO.
Sure.
I had to shorten it, sorry.
All right, so let's recap the list before we get to the eliminations.
Combat as a Facebook game to rotate more than once a day.
I don't know why I wrote it that way, but that's what it says.
Pizza Time Theater, the game.
Garrus 2600.
Marvel Madness 2.
Pong Ultra HD Remix President Cat Edition.
A working 5200 controller.
Remake ET as a PSNX PLA game.
Sequel to adventure a la Skyrim.
Finish what Custer's Revenge started and break into adult gaming.
A new console, the Atari 1090.
More Tempest 2000 or Combat the MMO.
This is a tricky one.
These are all really good answers.
I don't know if I'm going to be able to eliminate one, but it's got to happen.
It's part of the process.
So, Allen, we start with you.
Which of these is not worthy of the list?
Oh, boy.
Let's see if I can do this without chat wanting to kill me.
I'm going to say Pizza Time Theater, the game, because I don't know what that is.
Oh, it's Chuck E. Cheese.
But it is removed from the list.
It's a hard one.
Well, Dark Soccer, you can get Revenge right here and take one of his off,
but maybe you'll find one you want more.
Which of these is not worthy of the list?
Actually, Rob, I'm going to say Garrus 2600.
What?
Because I don't want anything to mar my Mass Effect prettiness by pixelating it.
Sorry.
Garrus 2600.
I like my high-res Garrus.
Fine. Garrus 2600 is stricken from the list.
I'm going to remove Combat as a Facebook game because we kind of have two answers involving combat,
and I think Artari is kind of already on Facebook and they suck, so that's not going to save them.
It is stricken from the list.
Sorry.
Allen.
Oh, he already removed.
Never mind.
Loki, your turn then.
Which of these is not worthy of the list?
The Atari 1090 because I don't know what the hell that is.
You don't understand where the extra 10 is.
I don't know.
All I see it as is a lot less powerful than the 2600.
All right.
That could be bad.
I think I have an extra zero.
Sorry.
This half of the screen is black.
This half of the screen is white.
Oh, wait, they switched.
Something's happening.
All right, it is stricken from the list.
So here we go.
This is what I'm going to post into chat.
You're going to send a private message to Sky in chat if you're listening live.
Type slash MSG space SKIE space your number one and number two answers.
We will tally them up.
Here we go.
Marble Madness 2, Pong Ultra HD Remix President Cat Edition, Working 5200 controllers,
Remake ET is a PSNX BLA game, Sequel to Adventure a la Skyrim, Finish what Custer's Revenge started and break into adult gaming,
More Tempest 2000 or Combat the MMO.
There it is.
We're going to tally up your votes and we will read the answers a little later in the show.
First, let me read some of the answers that the chatters came up with here.
Frisbee says bring back those sword quest games with the contest they had in them.
That was epic stuff.
I was debating suggesting a finally put out the last two Earth Quest, Water Quest, Fire Quest games.
Because they only put out the first two and then the system went under.
The third is available on some of the retro collections like on the iPhone one as like a retro or a prototype type thing.
So you can play the third one but the fourth one doesn't exist.
For real.
So let's see.
Moving on.
Let's see.
Tiger Claw says remake Pac-Man 2600 with better graphics.
Well that would be Pac-Man.
Legend of Zaku says ET remake with new super secret level where ET and Elliot recover the surplus codes or surplus copies from the New Mexico landfill where they lie today.
That's a good answer.
Better yet, the cartridges come back as zombies.
They rise from the grave.
Rise from your grave.
ET kill.
Hey, here's a bit of trivia for you.
What?
ET's design was based off of a hairless, earless cat.
Really?
Yes, really.
I remember back in the day watching an HBO special with my mother and they showed how the sketches of a cat and then it was naked and everything.
Well it does explain how he had so much control over Elliot then.
Although I don't remember him coughing up any hairballs.
Because he was naked.
He didn't lick himself.
But he could have licked other people.
Alright.
Let's get back into the news.
Dark Soccer, I think we left off with one of your stories.
You did? I forgot.
Yeah.
How about something about Yu Suzuki?
Okay, sure.
He's announced a smartphone game called Gan Gan Pirates.
Yay.
It's a pirate themed arcade style shoot-em-up that is also competitive and cooperative multiplayer.
And it will be free to play.
Launches in Japan for iOS and Android in September.
And who knows, maybe we'll get lucky and get it over here too.
But nothing quite yet.
Who knows?
Gan Gan Pirates.
Is this a game you want to play?
If it's Yu Suzuki, heck yeah.
You know I have a photo of him and my husband.
Yes, you have that up on your wall very proudly.
Yes.
Good times.
Loki?
So EA's come out making bold claims and I don't know.
They keep coming out.
Listen, if you're a company that's kind of the number two company right now as far as
digital distribution goes, stop dogging on number one because, you know, going out there
and saying, hey, we're gonna be better than Steam.
We're gonna do things Steam doesn't do.
Like, not put things on sale.
How you like that shit?
I mean, it's come out sounding stupid.
We're gonna take everything that makes Steam successful and not do it and we're gonna kick
their ass.
Fourth of July sale on Steam this week.
Just saying.
Let's pray.
Prayer circle.
Did it really start?
I know it hasn't started yet.
Let's form a prayer circle, everybody, for a kickass Steam sale.
Actually, maybe that shouldn't happen because I'll end up spending a hundred dollars on
a game.
I thought the prayer circle was gonna be that they don't have a kickass sale so that
we don't waste all of our money on it.
Yeah, that's true.
That's true.
But anyways, so yeah.
They've basically said they want to be the Facebook of digital distribution compared
to Valve's MySpace.
First off...
That's the stupidest thing I've ever heard.
Yeah, it is the stupidest thing ever.
They're basically...
It's not gonna fucking happen, okay?
You're gonna talk all this shit but no one is gonna fucking go to Origin over Steam.
I mean, granted, you're saying, oh, hey, look.
You know, look at how well Origin's doing because all these people are signed up on
it.
And all your fucking EA games require it.
Even the ones that aren't even on PC.
You have to have a fucking Origin login.
So, yeah, you have a lot more users or people that are signed up.
It doesn't mean they're fucking buying things up.
Well, to be fair, Valve did the same shit and we all let it slip by.
Yes, but how many games does Valve release versus how many games EA releases?
Valve games are like once in a decade.
I don't know.
It's a fucking event.
Yes, exactly.
Yeah, because when Valve did it with Half-Life 2, no one knew what the fuck Steam was and
people were pissed about it.
But we've all forgiven them because they're Valve.
And Steam, of course, took a couple years to become fucking awesome, so Origin is still
a turd.
Yeah, but it's the turd that I'm hoping puts Mass Effect 3 on sale Tuesday.
Okay, so let me quote what they said here.
EA is really in an interesting place.
We have this bar that is set so high so that whether it is any of our games or services,
we want to be 90 plus Metacritic at everything.
Origin is moving in that direction.
We are not there yet.
We understand that, but we're going to get there soon.
Then fucking stop talking shit like your top dog and said, you know, eat your humble pie.
And also, another thing, maybe you shouldn't start comparing yourself to Facebook because
people don't fucking like Facebook.
I mean, granted, people really don't like MySpace, but Facebook, it's not exactly favorable.
So what are you going to do?
MySpace is getting into that I love the 90s type of thing, or better yet, I love the 70s
or something where it's like, oh, remember when everybody had a pet rock?
I'm not exactly going to go out and buy a pet rock, but I look back on it with fond
memories.
Remember when people used to post blingies on your profile and they were funny?
That's MySpace.
That was never attractive, Rob.
That was never attractive.
It was always hilarious.
But seriously, what are they going to start doing on Origin?
Are they going to start adding these at origin.com email addresses and stuff like that without
telling you and making those public so people can message you without you knowing them?
Are they going to start throwing out your phone number to everybody?
I mean, Facebook's kind of being known lately with changing things when you don't want them,
or changing things that don't need to be changed, like not throwing sales, and also for leaking
your personal information out there when you really don't want it.
So, maybe you should consider not comparing yourself to that.
And then also not comparing yourself to the top provider of anything until you become
the top provider of that.
Just saying.
Just saying.
I mean, obviously, yes, we aim to be better than our competition.
Cool.
But don't talk so much shit until you have something to back it up with.
All right.
Before we get into the listless results and the mailbag tonight, let's get into one more
story here about Blizzard, because they make some pretty popular PC games.
I don't know if you've ever heard of Diablo, but that is kind of a big deal.
Or World of Warcraft.
But anyhow, Blizzard has told us about what games will be coming to Gamescom 2012.
Mists of Pandaria will have its opening cinematic debuted, and there will be a hands-on demo
there.
Also, multiplayer for StarCraft II Heart of the Swarm.
Also, Diablo III will still be there in full display and all that, but they're not really
announcing anything with Diablo III.
The other thing I want to say is that Gamescom 2012 is August 16th through 19th.
A lot of people theorizing that Mists of Pandaria's release date clearly will not be before that,
but probably won't be long after that, because if they were debuting the cinematic, then,
well, shit, the game's not out, obviously, before that.
So a lot of people are theorizing at this point late September for the Mists of Pandaria
expansion.
So it wasn't a full year of having to raid Dragon Soul, but pretty fucking close.
Just saying.
Anyhow, let's open the mailbag.
Every week, we invite your emails at mailbag at orangelaungeradio.com.
And DarkSakura dives in the mailbag headfirst, pick a few of her favorite emails, and reads
them for you live on air.
Eh.
Okay.
First email.
Howdy.
First of all, a belated congratulations on your 10-year anniversary.
It's not a late congratulations.
One year, I got a card for my birthday, which is in August, when I visited my grandparents
for Christmas.
That is late.
Anyway, like many lemmings, I've been following the news of Microsoft Surface announcement.
At first, I didn't think much of this announcement, then it dawned on me.
If pulled off correctly, Microsoft Surface can do what tablets, netbooks, and the iPad
have been able to do.
Bring PC titles to the portable market.
Now, I'm not talking about the latest and greatest titles, but games from several years
ago that people can still appreciate.
Hell, if they could get a good version of The Sims or while working on the thing, Microsoft
Surface can take off.
Stay black, Retertainment, Garris.
Sent from my iPad.
So clearly, he's interested in the Surface if he sent it from his iPad.
Unless that was a joke, I don't know.
The Surface, the press conference was a little bit of a letdown.
I think we were expecting something bigger.
For me, I have one of the new iPads now, so I'm not really interested in the tablet for
another three years at least.
They do some interesting things with it, that's for sure.
And I mean, if I was going to buy a tablet, I would probably get one of those.
But at the same time, I think they're going to be pretty expensive since they haven't
announced price or dates yet.
Although, that new Google tablet does look pretty nice.
Yeah, I was hearing about that too.
But I'm tableted out.
Well, we actually were looking at the Nexus because Dan got the phone and he loves it.
So we're sort of thinking about that tablet.
But anyway, so the next email comes from RDGSinge.
So small news for those into Final Fantasy Tactics Advance.
A recent fan-made patch was released that removes a set of in-game rules called laws
allowing the player to play in more inventive ways.
And you can find an article on that on romhacking.net.
Okay, cool.
Next email.
Hey, OLR, this is Blade3 AKA The Honey Badger.
What, because you don't give a fuck?
I just wanted to say congratulations on your 10th anniversary and so sorry I cannot participate live.
Also, I was chatting through Steam with Nick Crafter from Video Game Show, another show
syndicated by All Games.
I told him about VoG and how I wanted him to get in contact with you guys because
VGS is a great show and I told him it would be cool to see another great show featured on VoG.
So I told him I would contact you guys to help expedite the process.
I hope you would consider their show for your network and if so, thanks very much.
You guys show kicks ass along with the entire VoG network.
Although we appreciate the referrals and so forth and we do think if you know of a great show
that ought to be on the VoG network, you should let us know.
Do remember that, and I'm putting this out there as a generality for everything,
not specifically this email, but this email triggered a little thing in my head like,
oh, I need to say that on the show at some point.
Do remember the only people authorized to speak on behalf of the VoG network
are the hosts of this show, Bobby Black Wolf Show, and sometimes hosts of other shows
depending on the network already, depending on what the topic is.
But if you really want to talk to somebody in charge, you need to talk to one of us or Bobby.
So just putting that out there because I don't ever, ever, ever want somebody to promise something
on behalf of VoG we can't deliver on.
I just want to make that very clear.
I'm not saying no in this case, but I can say we are looking for more stuff than just video games.
Although I am familiar with this show and it's a pretty kick ass show and I'd be happy to work with them in some capacity.
But we'd definitely like more shows on like, you know, comic books, movies, other nerd culture things,
especially like particular series and things like that, other parts of fandom would be great
because we are really trying to expand the geek network.
Okay. PS, I have been listening since 2004 when I got my first iPod, the iPod mini.
I have grown up on your show as I was only 10 years old when I began listening and I am now 18.
Thanks for everything. I cannot tell you what it would be like without your show.
Aww.
Aww, that's very sweet.
I feel kind of old, kind of.
Okay, last email.
Hello, OLR Crew. Some random questions and topics of interest for you.
Number one, a few weeks back Dark Sakura brought up Hatsune Miku Project Diva for Vita,
making an appearance at this year's E3 convention.
Few websites had mentioned a Sega rep state of the game could be localized if there was an interest.
I tried to contact Sega's community folks but got no response.
What do you think could be done to get Sega's attention on bringing Project Diva over here?
Hit them on Twitter, hit them on Facebook, hit them through the forums, get other people to do it too,
and why not make a stupid online petition? I don't know.
But I mean, get enough people to say something to them. Start a Facebook community.
Get out there and pick it with signs.
Yeah.
Facebook is a pretty decent way to be visible in this day and age, and that's not a bad idea.
Because that also gives them numbers, which they can then take back to management and say,
look, 15,000 people want this game, and that'll help. Anyhow.
Next email?
Next email is from, no, not next email, there's more to this email.
There were more questions, Rob, jumping to conclusions.
For shame, for shame.
What is everyone's thoughts on Microsoft Surface? I have no thoughts on this.
Oh, didn't we just talk about that a little bit?
We did, so we can move on.
Defer to the prior conversation.
Okay, Sky.
Uh-oh.
Since you express interest in first-party shooters, do give Team Fortress 2 and Left 4 Dead 2 a try on PC.
Age of Team Fortress 2's nine classes have play styles that don't always rely on having pinpoint accuracy.
On the other hand, Left 4 Dead 2 should help you improve your aim a bit.
I have played a little bit of Left 4 Dead 1, and it was fun.
Alan and I played that a little bit, right Alan? And we had some good times with that. Left 4 Dead.
I was really, really bad at it. It was kind of fun.
Have a good evening and may a visit to Pinkberry be in your futures, and that comes from the Nasty Canasta.
P.S., Garris, and Tali, too.
And there are no more emails.
Alright, mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com if you want to send us another email for a future week.
Alright, let's do a few more stories. Oh, no, the FUs of the week.
We gotta get our angst out.
It's time to get ranty.
Why? Because we can.
Music
FU'd a gluten for making me freaking sick all day yesterday, to where I couldn't even leave the house.
I bet the pizza was so good.
Alan.
So once my new job starts and I'm fully trained and I'm actually allowed to do it by myself, it's like super late night shift depending on how shitty things are.
So won't be able to leave work until possibly 11 or midnight, which means I'm going to have to get a car at some point.
Someone's not going to pick my ass up all the time that late when they have a morning job.
So I guess FU'd a the reality that I might have to have a car and a license by the end of the year.
You should get a Vespa.
And yes, I know that I'm nearly 34 with no license in a car and there's a very long history behind it.
Like my family never had a car growing up and I just thought that it's expensive and scary and shitty.
Now I finally have to do it.
Well, like I told you before, my mom had a lot of the same thoughts you did.
And she didn't end up getting a license until she was 37 and pretty much had to.
But she takes back roads everywhere. She doesn't have to touch the freeway.
Growing up in the East Bay and on the peninsula of San Francisco, the transit is a joke compared to New York.
But it was good enough that I made it work. Up here in Sacramento, transit sucks.
Alright, Loki.
Fuck you to the sudden bursting water pipe that we had at our house.
Thankfully we caught it right when it happened, so there wasn't any damage.
But still, the whole process is fucking annoying. We had a giant dehumidifier, which is the size of a small fridge.
And it sounds like a loud can opener.
I was reading about that on Nellie's Facebook and yours. Sorry that happened to you guys.
No, at least we were home because she was about to leave.
And I had talked to some people that they were not home when that happened and that was not fun.
Alright, let's see. My FU of the Week goes to the fact, this is easy, the fact that I was sick on my birthday.
That's right. I don't know how, but I caught some type of sinus-y infection thingy.
You might hear it in my voice still, actually. I sound a little different tonight.
I've been trying to kick this for about a week, which included on my birthday.
So thank you, Mother Nature, for that little present. Really appreciate it.
Speaking of presents, just to let you know, I've got presents coming for both of you.
I have to finish making them.
Very cool.
But there are presents coming and they are for you both.
Aww, yay.
The next O.L.R. is going to be on my birthday.
Oh my god. Oh shit, that means I can't do it, huh?
No, we don't have to do anything out for my birthday.
We'll figure something out. We'll do it before or after.
But I'll have to bring it then.
You'll probably have to work anyway. Oh wait, no, maybe not on the 8th.
Yeah.
Oh well, we'll figure something out. We'll throw a party on air just for you.
Maybe you'll have to come right back next week.
Wicked says F you to being bad at cataheroics.
And I'm sorry, I shouldn't have been so mercenary in saying how could anyone die on Benedictus.
Because I have been in a failed party that died on Benedictus.
Not through anything I did, through everybody else sucking.
Only the well players know what I'm talking about.
Just make sure you don't stand in stuff and dodge the waves. Be aware.
I have an F you to add.
What?
To the um, to the add on GTFO for being annoying.
Me! You're standing as shit. Me!
You need to tell it to GTFO.
I thought it would help and it just was annoying.
Alright, let's get to the listless results.
You've all been dying to hear it. What is the definitive answer, kids, to the list?
Thing that Atari 2600, or excuse me, Atari in general, could do to be relevant like they were in the 2600 days.
How could a 40 year old company be as relevant as they were in 1982?
Here it is, the top three answers.
As mentioned, nominated by the host and voted on by chat.
Number three.
Number three answer is.
Finish what Custer's Revenge started and break into adult gaming.
Yay!
Y'all are pervs.
Number three answer.
The number two answer tonight.
Marble Madness 2.
That's the game people want.
That's definitely a game people want.
And the number one answer.
What do you most want?
A sequel to Adventure a la Skyrim.
That is what will save Atari's ass.
And I still say it could be a launch title for the Atari 1090.
I do.
So there it is.
Your top three answers.
Thanks for playing.
Here's a lifetime supply of turtle wax.
Alright, let's move on.
And Rice-a-roni, the San Francisco Treat.
The other thing they could do that would be kind of funny is like an arcade game that's basically an Atari 2600.
But you know how they have that giant Tetris machine with the controller that's really huge?
You do one even better.
My god, I played that at Golf Land like a week or two ago.
I think it was scary.
The Atari 2600 controller is really simple. It's just a giant button and basically a giant joystick.
So you have this giant foam joystick that you can kind of swing on or whatever in a giant button.
So you play 2600 games on a giant screen with the giant controller.
It would be funny.
A giant 2600. That would be great, actually.
Hilarious.
Alright, so we talked a little bit about the Wii U and of course there's all different companies promising to bring various games to the platform.
One of which is actually, well, they do have a game coming to the Wii U at launch.
Their Ninja Gaiden 3 is getting a port, but Team Ninja is also thinking about Dead or Alive 5 for the Wii U.
And that makes sense because if you think about it, you know, they're doing Ninja Gaiden 3.
There's already Tekken Tag Tournament 2, so it wouldn't be that difficult to port a game over, I think, from the PlayStation 3 or 360 to the Wii U.
And they're saying right now we're doing our best to get ready for PlayStation 3 and 360 for the version of Dead or Alive 5.
But we want to hear what players think about the Wii U version or if they'd be interested in it.
So, I could see that happening, especially with a Game of the Year edition or something like that. They could do it.
That could be pretty awesome, actually. You know, because it's a fun series.
It's always hilarious in this day and age to see very adult games on a Nintendo platform.
I'd be curious what the tablet would be for. How about Boob Cam?
Well, they do have photo mode.
Do they?
Yes, they do.
Nice.
And remember, not only do they have photo mode, but I believe this game had transparent clothing.
Like, you could actually get, like, water or something like that on different parts of the clothing and it would be, you know, the correct transparency and stuff like that.
Or, um, maybe it was ripping clothing. Something to the effect of you see more boobies.
Do you think Team Ninja would feel burned at all over the reception over Metroid Other M or do you think it's kind of like, eh, you know?
I think if anything, they're going to be more burned at the fact that Ninja Gaiden 3 sucks and that, you know, it's going to be launched out for the Wii U and people won't give a shit.
Aw.
Sorry. Unless they go back and fix the game, I don't think people are going to give a shit.
Alright. One more news story for you guys and then we're going to open up the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio if you want to add us on Skype.
Do remember, we appreciate if you check Echo 1-2-3 first before using Skype.
But you can also, and, you know, think outside the box, you can also use Skype on a Vita, you can use Skype on an iOS device or I'm pretty sure Android has it too.
Many ways you can install Skype and call the show or you can just pick up a damn telephone.
If you still have one of those telephones on your wall with a rotary dial, it will work.
1-877-GAME-OLR. You just will probably have to dial a lot.
So get your finger ready.
But first, one more story and this has to do with Retro City Rampage.
Some folks looking forward to this game because it's kind of like Grand Theft Auto.
God, when the hell is that coming out?
If it was on the NES.
No answer, but what I can tell you, it's going to support cross-play on the PlayStation 3 and the Vita.
So, meaning if you buy it on one platform, you get it on the other and you can play across the two.
Well, do you get it on the other or do you have to buy both and then you can play?
Nope, you get one and you unlock the other.
Sweet!
That's awesome.
One payment, both versions.
Hooray!
I know, I will be getting it for the Vita.
As reported by IndieGames.com, it's the pay once, cross-play deal.
Said by, who is this guy?
Martin Turton, who's with Clever Beans, putting this game out.
Quote, we think that the appeal of the buy once deal, which should hopefully attract more people to buy the game,
far outweighs any extra sales we might get from people who are prepared to buy the game twice.
Especially considering that require two separate purchases would be likely to cause a fair backlash.
Basically, we want to price the game in a way that would attract us to buy it ourselves.
Very interesting tactic.
They're basically saying, you know what, yeah, we could double dip people.
But if we don't and we make it free, it's going to attract more people to the game because it's like, hey, free game.
Well, I was originally going to get it on 360, although I might still buy it on PlayStation Network and 360 because it could be fun.
I don't know, we'll see.
Start with the Vita.
So that's pretty cool.
So good job on you, Retro City Rampage.
Some good news to end with tonight.
We're going to open up Skype line.
It's open.
If you want to call, do it now.
1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
I'm logging into Twitter right now.
I was on the wrong Twitter.
I was on my personal Twitter.
And I saw a message that caught my eye that I'm just going to have to read it later because I'm trying to do a show.
Yeah, Rob, on your Twitter as I check my Facebook.
Let's go to some tweets while we wait for calls.
Again, Skype line is open.
1-877-GAME-OLR, username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
YYR says, ask Dark Tetsuya.
That's the person right below.
That's not me.
Ask Dark Sakura to give Fernando, the main character in Bungee Ferret Tossing or BFD, a last name.
He's French Canadian.
And then get back to me.
Well, shit, this could have been the list list tonight, but oops.
Fernando needs a last name.
He is French Canadian.
Cocteau.
I was going to say an amalgamation of Celine Dion.
She's French Canadian.
Fernando Celine Dion?
Fernando C. Dion.
Alright, never mind.
That's stupid.
Yeah, that is.
I was trying to think of a way to make it work like Ccile Dion.
You think about that Dark Sakura while I take this call.
Poisson.
Hi, you're on OrangeLounge Radio.
No, I thought of it. Poisson.
I'm taking a call.
Hi, you're on OrangeLounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, what's up?
This is John, aka Wicked, from the Nerdgasm Network.
What is up, John, aka Wicked, from the Nerdgasm Network?
Indie podcast, holla.
What's up, Robert?
What's up?
This is the first time I've actually been on the live stream, in the chat, listening to the show live, but I've been listening to the podcast for about a year now.
Awesome. Well, thank you for joining us live, and I'm happy we could pop your Skype cherry tonight.
Definitely. I meant to come in last week, but, you know, wow, don't you say anything.
It was kind of a pain in the ass to get through last week, so it's a lot clearer tonight.
Definitely. I just wanted to say hi to everybody there, and just kind of slightly promote Nerdgasm Network a little bit, but I do have a little bit of discussion. It's not shameless self-promotion completely.
All right. Okay, first discussion, then shameless self-promotion.
Gotcha. There were some talks with the Wii U earlier, and I mentioned this inside the chat, and I kind of want to get your guys' opinion on this.
Yeah.
But it seems like Nintendo's not really kind of learning from their old mistakes, because the Wii kind of came out before the 360 and the PS3, I believe, and you can obviously tell by comparison that the Wii is not the strongest graphically of the three systems.
And sadly, it seems like the Wii U is going to come out again, and while it's going to be superior to the 360 and the PS3 as far as graphics and check and everything, it's still going to vastly be inferior to, you know, whatever the Microsoft Sony platform is going to be.
I'm just wondering, do you think Nintendo should have even, like, brought this out now, or do you think they probably should have waited a year and tried to equalize it? I mean, do they understand that they're going to, you know, that they're essentially going to repeat the path?
Here's the thing, and, you know, in theory, what you're saying, it sounds good, and to me, as somebody who's been gaming for many, many years, it makes a lot of sense, and I always want the best technology and all that.
However, there's one big flaw, and that is the Wii sold fuck tons. Far after the 360 and the PS3 came out, the Wii was still selling fuck tons, even though it wasn't the most powerful system.
And so I think Nintendo would be happy as shit to sell even three quarters of the amount of Wii U as they sold the Wii. However, I will say this, one thing, if they don't prepare well enough for the future, the theory that you do have here is right, in that the technology will lose steam and it will lose steam fast.
That's the problem, is that the Xbox 360 and the PlayStation 3, they're continuing to sell in some ways Sony better than ever, but Nintendo, they fell down the shitter in the past year.
But the only problem is that this new generation of systems, or at least this new Nintendo system, isn't that, it's not very different from the Wii.
See, before, with the Wii, there wasn't a system out like that. It was completely new. These motion controls were completely unique to it, and it was a unique experience.
The Wii U with an extra tablet controller, people are familiar with tablets. I don't think they're going to give a shit that it's slightly better graphics and it has a tablet controller on it.
They're going to be like, why do I need this? I can buy a Wii. And honestly, they can. They can buy a Wii and New Super Mario Brothers and they have pretty much the same offering as New Super Mario Brothers U and a Wii U, except they don't have the extra tablet controller and the graphics aren't slightly prettier, I guess.
I guess at the end of the day, it also comes down to how badly do soccer moms across America want a sequel to New Super Mario Brothers Wii, because it's about the most exciting original IP that Nintendo unveiled for that thing.
And it's not even that original, but it's a successful formula. That's what this is all about.
And sadly, I think software might end up playing a big issue, especially, I mean, it's Nintendo, so obviously third-party software is going to be a big issue, especially because when they first originally announced the Wii U, one of the big titles they were toting was Batman Arkham City.
And the thing is, that's already been out for about a year, and the Wii U still isn't even out yet.
So are they still really going to be toting a two-year-old, essentially, when the release is probably a two-year-old game, as like a flagship bearer?
Sadly, if E3 is any indication, yes. But it's got a cool new mechanism.
But I don't think that's necessarily a big game for them, because, I mean, yeah, it's cool that they have Batman Arkham City, but there's plenty of other games that are coming out around the same time, like Assassin's Creed 3, which will be pretty big.
And then they've got a lot of exclusives for the system as well. But yeah, it's kind of stupid that they're going to have all these games that have been out for months or years before it comes out, like Ninja Gaiden 3.
Darksiders 2, to a lesser extent, because that's only coming out a few months before, but it's still something that's going to have been out for a while.
Not even Mass Effect is getting me that excited.
Yes, Mass Effect 3 is like, seriously, I mean, that's just, it seems like easy money.
Unless I can finally romance some of the characters I've been wanting to romance, like that.
Me too.
That's just, it's my secret.
Mm-hmm!
I can see him doing good.
I can see him doing like a Game of the Year edition with Mass Effect, although that would be pretty quick.
She is a bit of a cougar, isn't she?
Exactly. Alright, self-promotion time, so we can wrap up and get more calls, but self-promotion. We like to support indie podcasts, so please, plug away.
Alright, I've got three podcasts I want to plug. Obviously, my home at NergasmNetwork.com. We've got great discussions going on, we've got a video game podcast that I co-host with Ryan, Josh, Patrick, a few other people.
They also have a new movie podcast, where it's kind of like a riff-track, where they watch a movie and they kind of discuss, like, they kind of poke fun at it, but they also kind of discuss, you know, the cinematography and all the other stuff.
That's a great idea.
That's a great, you know, and I've heard other people kind of talking about that sort of thing, like a, I don't want to call it a riff-tracks podcast, but that's kind of what heavily inspires it sort of thing, to play along with the movie.
I'm glad somebody is doing it, and not just talking about it. It's great.
Yeah, we're just having issues with the YouTube channel, because that's where we're uploading the films plus the commentary, and we're getting some issues with that.
But we're working on it.
But, you know, there's nothing wrong with putting just the commentary out there and say, okay, press play in three, two, one, go, you know, and you can watch the movie along, especially if its title is available on Netflix. Tons of people have Netflix. It'd be super easy.
Yeah, I'd be fun to work on it.
Also, Nergasm Network is home to the bi-weekly beer chasm, where Ryan and some more select groups review beer.
Well, my gosh, you don't just have a podcast, you have a whole freaking network over there, but that sounds, that's awesome.
Yeah, there's also a couple other shows coming down the pipeline. We've got a music podcast, there's going to be a tech, kind of an overall tech podcast coming up as well.
But yeah, nerdgasmnetwork.com, that's, like you said, indie podcast going away.
That's right.
Yeah, and I've got one more site I kind of want to pimp out. I'm sure you know these guys. Slykick and Spike, the hosts of GameBooey.org.
That's right. It's a newer show, but it's a lot of fun.
Yeah, I used to go to high school with Spike, so I'm really good friends with him. Slykick used to be a guest on my old podcast, Geeks or Fans, but that kind of closed up earlier this year.
Don't. But yeah, no, Spike and Slykick are two very, very good friends of mine, and I've been begging them to come up and be on OLR forever, so open invite, guys.
You want to come pimp your show, get your butt up here to Sacramento. It's not China, it's not that far of a foreign land.
Yeah, we'll try getting them to even get to Stockton and try to get them to come out here for like 12 years now.
All right, we'll both keep pestering them, and one of us will win eventually.
Definitely. In fact, I actually started listening to Orange Laundrio because of Hoard House because Slykick actually promoted a couple episodes he was on on Hoard House.
Indie podcast promotion, it works. It works.
Yeah, definitely. So, you know, there's two podcast sites that you guys should check out, GameBooey.org and, of course, NergasmNetwork.com.
All right, if I let you plug anymore, I'm going to have to make you pay for it. All right, have a good one, buddy. I've got to take more calls. Thank you for your call.
All right. No problem. And keep listening to OLR.
All right, will do.
By the way, I have decided on a last name thanks to Alan.
Oh, okay. Bye, take care.
Yes, you have a last name thanks to Alan.
Poutine.
Poutine. So the name will be Fernando Poutine.
Fernando Poutine.
All right, there it is. That's the name. Fernando Poutine.
Hi, you're on Orange Laundrio. Who's this?
It's Shane.
Hey, Shane, what's up?
It's me. I'm awake.
Is there anything you wanted to call to share with us tonight?
Yes.
Garris.
I want to talk about Mass Effect.
Yay, my favorite topic.
It's mine too. What a coincidence.
Yeah, that's weird.
So I'll get it out of the way. First of all, I do like the extended cut stuff, despite a lot of people hating it. And I understand their complaints, but I like all the happy and sad parts of it. So it's cool.
But I think either BioWare is really stupid and the fans are brilliant or BioWare is an evil genius because I'm finding even more people starting to subscribe to the indoctrination theory after the extended cut now.
And there's all these new things that they put in the extended cut that point to it. And it's getting ridiculous. And I'm torn because I used to believe in it. I still kind of do. But at the same time, I don't want to keep going with it.
If you want something to be true bad enough, you'll find a way to make it true in your mind. You know?
Yes, but there's videos and sound files.
Again, that's all part of they're just wishing really hard, wishing I want it to be true. Click my heels three times. There's no place like indoctrination theory. There's no place like something like that.
I don't think they would ever really say that.
I did. Okay, well, so it hasn't just been about Mass Effect this week, though, but you also have been playing Final Fantasy 11 with me. And for a change, I started playing the game first and peer pressured you into buying it.
So what did you think about the return to Final Fantasy 11?
It was a nice like homecoming sort of feeling. And I like that everything's familiar, but at the same time, they've changed it enough that it's still interesting.
So it's not just the same. Let's go to the dunes and level for four hours, but only get, you know, 50% of the way through a level because we died seven times.
Right.
That's fantastic. Like, I want to keep playing it, but then there's Mass Effect multiplayer I have to play. And that's really the only two games I'm jumping between. Wow. I don't even turn that on for the most part now.
Well, the good news is there's not a lot of other games coming out. So now's a good chance to kind of catch up on stuff like I, I still really need to play Skyrim, even though I've been hearing kind of tepid reception of the DLC.
I never did beat the frickin campaign mode in the first game. I need to go back and do that.
That's right. I started replaying that last night cause I got really bored and it was still okay, but I'm not going to download any DLC cause it's an Elder Scrolls game and they're generally awful. So I don't care.
It's hit and miss. It's hit and miss. All right. Well, anything else you want to share with us tonight, Shane?
No, cause I'm sure I'll just talk more about Mass Effect on the courthouse.
Well, like I was bugging you last night, just put the pen to paper and write out something to post on vognetwork.com.
Actually, Shane, I have to ask you a question.
I have an answer. What's up?
What do you think of my idea for an MMO for Mass Effect?
I would drop all my games to play it, but I also don't know how it would work. Like, especially with the current universe the way it is. I don't know what we would really base the MMO off of.
I see. I have to finish the third one before I can decide, but I'm sort of thinking, you know, post end game.
And then you have to figure out which endings can end then.
Prequel, prequel, prequel, prequel. You just don't know it in the same storyline.
Nobody wants a prequel because then if you do a prequel and if you set it too far back, then you'd be stuck on like earth, which would be boring.
Easy ass prequel because with the whole like Horde Alliance, you know, two faction type of thing, Turian War. You set the MMO during the Turian War.
No, that's terrible.
I disagree.
Only because you wouldn't be able to romance a Turian.
Shut up.
Unless you were a Turian.
Because it's true.
But it might be the first time we see female Turians, so that might make it worth it alone.
They were apparently in the comic and they don't, they look like horrible, so no.
That's not what female Turians look like in my head.
All right. Before this turns into the Mass Effect show, I gotta let you go, Shane.
Shane, we should do that. A Mass Effect show.
Oh, he's already pitched one to me.
Yeah, I already have.
And I say produce a pilot.
All right. All right, take care.
Bye bye.
Bye.
1877 game OLR or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio, if you'd like to give us a call.
I did tweet YYR back. Hopefully he got it.
Because you're confusing the poor guy, because you sent him something else first, I think.
Poutine. Poutine.
It is poutine.
I stick with poutine.
All right, the final answer.
Because that's a good idea, because it's kind of disgusting looking, but delicious.
Like a ferret?
Ferrets aren't delicious.
I've never had ferret.
All right, we have another call coming in. Let's take it.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
You're confused.
Sorry, this is Techie Q.
Say that again?
Sorry, this is Techie Q.
Techie Q?
Techie Q, sorry.
Techie Q, I got you. Techie Q, what's on your mind, buddy? Hi, welcome to the show.
Two things. One, congratulations on your 10 year since I didn't get to call in last week.
The phone lines were absolutely bonkers last week, but we appreciate it.
We like the fact that our birthday can last across multiple weeks.
And also, I want to gloat on the classic game of the week.
I'm one of the few people that beat Ninja Gaiden without cheating.
Well, look at you.
Hey, I know. Mad props, seriously.
I do want to shake your hand. I'm giving you a virtual handshake right now.
He really did. He held his hand up in front of the monitor.
I did. I was looking for an emote icon that I could possibly send over, but that'll have to do.
There he is. A thumbs up. I just sent him.
But, I mean, seriously, it's really damn difficult to beat that game.
It is. It is.
So anyone who has, hey, you can do this for me.
I mean, it's special like the last level. It's like an endurance run.
And isn't it just the biggest exercise in frustration?
Uh, for the first hour it is.
To get back to the three bosses you have to beat three times.
I'll put it this way. Even beating Ghosts N' Goblins isn't nearly as frustrating as Ninja Gaiden.
Let me ask you this question, TechieQ.
Do you like the new Ninja Gaiden games? Because clearly you're a fan of the old ones.
But do you think they got it right with the newer ones?
I don't like the third one. I really dumbed it down.
Nobody does. Let's be real.
Like the last Ninja Gaiden, the newer one I played was the second one.
And that one red-ringed my 360. So I'm scared to play it.
Oh my gosh. You know what red-ringed my 360?
What's that?
Joust.
Oh, wow.
Right?
Yeah, that's crazy.
That's sad.
Alright.
Well, TechieQ, congratulations.
Did you beat the classic 8-bit sequels?
What was it, the two ships and the other one?
Two, I didn't beat three. I just didn't even care anymore because it's so hard.
Yeah, yeah.
That one actually had lives and continues to mess with.
If you have a working Super Nintendo somewhere, you should look for that compilation.
It was really good. It had all three games on it.
Right.
Alright, well, TechieQ, anything else you want to share with the listeners and such tonight?
Chainsaw light pop is awesome.
Chainsaw light pop. I've been hearing some mixed things on it.
But what makes it awesome? Why do you like it?
I think it's the humor and the 80s satire that people miss out if you don't play enough of the game.
You know, that's true. Humor can go a long way because I seriously loved Saints Row the Third.
And let's be real, it's not that great of a game and it's nothing you haven't seen in stuff like Grand Theft Auto.
But the humor is what makes it a lot of fun.
Yeah.
That and the sing-along for what I've got.
I think you'd like it too, because it's got a lot of 80s satire and they did a Commodore 64 segment.
I'm going to have to check that out. And boobies, right? Is there lots of boobies?
You've got the right costume. You've got a grand fort.
There you go. Alright.
Well, TechieQ, I've got to let you go, but Lollipop Chainsaw, I'll check it out and let you know what I think in a future week.
Okay, take care.
Take care.
Alright, bye.
Alright, I'm going to have to close up the Skype line just because we're running a little long and I still got to get last minute stories and tweets.
You know what I want?
What?
Poutine.
I've had it before. It's really good.
It is really good. It is really good. If you ask really, really nicely, maybe Allen will get you a little spoon and there's some strawberry pinkberry in the freezer.
Alright, don't give her too much because I want some later.
One spoonful. No, I'm kidding.
Alright, more tweets.
Ziba tweets us saying, have you guys seen Tron Uprising, the animated series yet?
I have seen the first episode so far and it was really good.
You and I have seen the same amount of Tron Uprising.
I was going to write a further review for VOG, but then I realized that because the guy in the truck was a liar, I was behind in the episodes and I never got a chance to catch up.
So I'm going to defer that review to later.
But based on the first episode of Tron Uprising that I saw, yeah, it was pretty good. I enjoyed it.
I was going to give it a positive review.
It wasn't perfect. I felt the storyline was a little bit cliche and predictable, but it is a cartoon. Let's not be too harsh on it.
And I liked the whole dark style of it.
It was a very Batman animated series look because Batman was always a black canvas as opposed to a white canvas.
And I'm pretty sure Tron has done very similarly.
You really liked it too, right?
Yeah, I watched the first three episodes.
It was good. I've liked it so far. I still need to catch up on some of them that I missed.
Alright.
Dark Tetsuya says he's going to make good on President Kat Pong, so stay tuned.
I don't know how he's doing it, but maybe there's like a Pong maker? I don't know. We'll see.
Alright, moving on. Tigerclaw sharing a couple news tweets with us. The Google Nexus 7 is going to be available at GameStop.
That story's been making the rounds this week.
It actually doesn't surprise me too much because GameStop has been openly like, trade us your iPhone, trade us your iPad.
They want to get into that market and I think it's because they're trying, you know, as much as I am personally not a fan of GameStop,
I can appreciate that they're trying to stay a step ahead and like, oh shit, if everything goes digital distribution, our market's going to be hardware.
You know, we're going to be fucked soon. So they're trying to get their fingers in other pies so that they don't go completely out of business.
So you know what? It makes sense.
Honestly, I think it's because they're trying to get more reasons for people to trade in their stuff and some people want to trade in games to buy tablets and stuff.
And so that way they can sell more used games.
Interesting.
Because there's no markup in hardware. So, I mean, I'm not sure about consumer electronics, but I know for game hardware there's no markup.
But what I said has to be some of it, right? I mean, that they're trying to get into other stuff than just games.
They're not worried about it because of, you know, who they are.
Alright, one other tweet from Tigerclaw. This will be the last tweet and then we can go to last minute stories. I don't know even if you have any.
But the shutdown law in South Korea. We reported on this either last week or the week before.
Some folks are challenging it. NCSoft being one of them, according to this news story from gamesindustry.biz that Tigerclaw sent me on Twitter.
South Korea shutdown law has been called into question by citizens and game companies.
Two lawsuits have been filed against the law.
One is a Korean organization representing parents and children who says the law undermines parental rights to educate their children.
We need that organization here.
The second lawsuit was filed by game publishers NCSoft, Neowiz, and Nexon.
And they just argue the law itself is illegal.
The lawsuits were filed last fall and the arguments are currently being heard, etc.
So we'll get more news on that in the coming weeks.
There you go. That's it for tweets. How about last minute stories tonight, Loki?
The voice actor for Duke Nukem is bitching that some of the voice acting work in video games goes over to film actors.
And he says film actors do not need voice acting roles in video games or commercial projects.
These roles are for voice actors, not Hollywood celebrities.
And when you consider the amount of money they make for each and every film project,
it's unfair for those of us who have struggled to make ends meet in our chosen profession.
I have trained and worked hard for nearly 30 years as a voice actor.
And when film stars land a role in either game or commercial project, they earn far more than I do,
even though I am a SAG-AFTRA union member.
How is that fair? I don't appreciate them taking work from me and my fellow VAs.
Well, you know what? People aren't being drawn to games because your name's on it.
And maybe they just audition better than you do.
I really hate to say it, but I think this guy is just, I mean, the reality is, he needs to ask the question,
well, why do celebrities get in Shrek? And why are they in the Disney movies?
And why are they, you know, because unfortunately star power and the names behind it mean a lot.
And as much, it sucks because this guy does have an iconic voice in many ways.
The voice of Duke Nukem, right? Hail to the king, baby. And all that stuff, right?
Nobody knows his name. Maybe that's what needs to change.
Maybe there needs to be more recognition about who you are and then you build that star power.
I think that's the problem.
It just made me think about something, though, back to Mass Effect, how you've got Martin Sheen as the elusive man.
And modeled on him and everything, you've got all of these actors, you know, Seth Green in it.
But the main characters, well, you have main characters there, but the main character is a well-noted voice actor.
Well, I'm actually thinking of the female Shepard, who's done like fantastic roles,
and the Avengers cartoon was in X-Men and all kinds of stuff.
And you've got the talents going, and that's where they're best directed.
And I think that that's really the approach that should be taken, that everyone should be done by their merits.
What are their skills as a voice actor? Martin Sheen sounds like Martin Sheen.
He's not hiding that this is Martin Sheen playing a role.
But I doubt he'd be able to go in and be a different voice than Martin Sheen, you know what I mean?
That's my point. So I kind of agree and kind of don't.
Just saying, just saying.
All right. Well, any other last-minute stories to share tonight?
There's a new Kickstarter for a game that's, I guess, being built on the Rage Engine, and it's called Ravaged.
I guess it's supposed to be like a multiplayer-type game.
I guess Rage, you know, they were kind of promising this big multiplayer thing, and it never really happened.
So now it's this, oh, it's being based on Unreal 3, and it's going to look like Rage, though.
So Ravaged, multiplayer kind of Rage-type game.
Post-apocalyptic, car racing, gun fighting. Looks neat.
Oh, and speaking of Kickstarter, that retro, was it the retro game 101?
Yeah, you mentioned that last week. Already hit it, right?
Yeah, they already hit it. I was surprised.
Well, so Kickstarter is still working for some folks.
Yeah.
Some of us thought it would be a fad, but it's still going for some.
Yeah, speaking of Kickstarter, episode 8 out of 9 for Video Game High School.
So the last episode of this season is going to be on Thursday.
Can't wait, because it's been kind of frustrating.
And hopefully it's going to, well, better turn around for the last episode.
But yeah, I've liked it so far, though.
Alright. Well, that is going to bring to close another night here at Orange Lounge Radio.
But before we say goodnight, of course we have to go around and get everybody's final thoughts and say goodnight.
Alan, I want to thank you for joining us in the studio tonight.
And your wit and humor is always appreciated on the show.
Thank you.
Bring more of it next time. You're really funny.
Yeah.
I want the listeners to hear more of it.
I've been making dinner for like the last 20 minutes.
Oh, understandable.
Do you have any final thoughts for the listeners tonight?
Strawberry pinkberry in the freezer. It's awesome.
And the apartment is really clean, and I have laundry to fold. That's it.
And that was really all you. I was a lazy bitch today.
And Alan was like, I'm going to clean. Although I did get the bed propped up and all that stuff.
And we need more people on our Origin friends list for Mass Effect 3 multiplayer.
Soon, soon.
If you're in the oil army, message me or Sky.
Do you have your name?
I'm AlanAlchemy78 on Origin.
Alright. There you go.
So play with us.
Play with me.
Although my galaxy is already at 100%.
Still, multiplayer is really fun.
Especially with friends.
Anyhow, Loki, your final thought tonight?
I don't even know how much money those guys must have thrown at this crappy game in order to get it finished in that amount of time.
Because I'm on the first challenge right now, which is a fine 480's themed with lunchboxes.
And I found one in like the last three hours.
I don't even know how it's possible. They must have spent hundreds of dollars on this.
And it's fucking boring.
I hate this game.
So much.
Dark Soccer, your final thought tonight?
I have a little bit of brain freeze.
And Garris.
My final thought tonight is Happy Canada Day.
First, I would like to learn how to speak.
Poutine!
Second, Happy Canada Day to all you beautiful Canadians out there.
I'm hoping to come visit your country again.
I had an absolute blast time in my life last time I was there.
Which was six years ago.
Which was far too long.
And last time was Vancouver.
And next time I'm thinking Toronto.
Right Alan?
Yes.
So we'll see.
So yes, Happy Canada Day to all you beautiful Canadians out there.
And the not so beautiful ones too.
Although I saw nothing but good looking people when I was in Vancouver.
I will also say Happy 4th of July to my fellow Americans this week.
Be safe.
Please do not set people's roofs on fire.
If you're going to do fireworks, especially illegal ones.
Have your bucket of water ready.
And just frickin' be safe with it.
Don't blow your finger off.
Don't be stupid.
The 4th of July is not to celebrate stupidity.
What if G asked if you ever said what the secret was?
What secret?
You said that you had a secret?
That I went back to Final Fantasy XI.
Oh, okay.
Did you know that before tonight?
Yeah, actually I did.
How did you know?
Because I saw your thing pop up.
Sky is playing.
Oh.
I would have thought you would have said something if that was the case.
Like, addict.
Didn't care.
Loki didn't know.
Alright.
Sorry.
If someone does want to help me with this, all they have to do is they can play the app
Ultimate Collector and then send me energy.
Or money.
I got a frown from Acidic Vampire because I'm only talking about PC Mass Effect.
And you will only plug the PC Mass Effect.
Of course, I still play on 360 too.
In fact, my unlocks on 360 are way better.
And guess what I did?
What?
I brought back your game.
Yay!
You know what's sad?
Even though I have one and two on PC now, I think I'm going to do the replays on Xbox
to get the rest of the achievements because I'm sad.
Whore.
Alright, that's it.
If you enjoyed Orange Lounge Radio, or even if you didn't, help spread the word.
That's all we ask.
You know, we don't put commercials in the show.
All we ask, spread the word, tell a friend or two about Orange Lounge Radio, help grow
our family.
We had a new caller tonight.
We had some new faces tonight in chat.
I really want to thank all you guys for taking the time out to listen to Orange Lounge Radio
and help grow.
Ten more years started tonight and it'll continue next week on Alan's Birthday Show.
Yay!
Except, not really, but that's what we're going to call it anyway.
Have a great night everybody.
See you next time.
See you next time.
See you next week.
