Tonight, July 29, 2012, will one new non-MMO game require a monthly fee?
Game developers speak up on Windows 8, and could used digital games soon be a reality in the U.S. ?
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
It is the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is episode number 467 for this July 29th, 2012.
My name is Rob Roberts, and I'll be joining you over the next few hours to talk about video games, gaming culture, you know, our community, and cool things, and off-topic things.
With my co-hosts, say hello to the one and only Dark Sakura, or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
How are you?
Welcome back.
Hi Hi How was the wedding?
You were in Vegas last week for a wedding, right?
It was very lovely Yeah?
And very Jewish Congratulations to Dan and Tiara once again, even though we said it about five times last week Yes There was an open bar
Was there?
You had a blast at the wedding, didn't you?
I had many, many amaretto sours and raspberry vodka with cranberry sauce.
Cranberry juice.
Gross.
And mudslides and other things that people just put in front of me and said, here, drink this.
And champagne.
So you'll drink anything someone puts in front of you?
No.
Oh.
People that I know and trust to put liquor in front of me.
Nice.
Nice.
Nice.
It was very good.
I had a very good time.
And it was good to see everybody and get my nails did.
So, yeah.
Awesome.
All right.
Say hello as well to Tech Master Loki.
Hi.
How are you, Loki?
I'm doing good.
How are you, Marissa?
I'm great, how are you?
I am fantastic.
Thank you so much for coming back to Orange Lounge Radio.
For those who don't remember, all you need to see are her boobies.
They are very nice breasts.
And I don't mean to sound like a pig or whatever, but, I mean, seriously, girl.
They entered the room before me.
Don't forget to talk right into that microphone because it's not very sensitive, unfortunately, so they can barely hear you.
It's not nearly as sensitive as Robb.
Why am I not?
I'm not here.
Is the mic on over there?
I don't know.
It's like very quiet for some reason.
Why don't you just pick up Loki's mic?
Hello?
Hello?
Hello?
Is that better?
Much better.
Now I can actually hear you.
All right.
How are you, Marissa?
I'm great.
Thank you.
Despite the technical failure.
Why don't you tell the boys and girls listening at home and in PlayStation Home, which I'll get to in a minute.
I haven't forgot you guys.
Why don't you tell them about yourself real quick?
Well, I'm a music geek, singer-songwriter and collector of vinyl and all sorts of music.
And I also, as far with regard to gaming, I'm an adventure game geek.
Indiana Jones and the Fate of Atlantis and King's Quest and things as such.
I'm not really that up to date with the modern stuff, but there have been some recent, not that recent, but adventure games, you hear a little blip about them every now and again.
They're having a nice little renaissance thanks to a lot of the stuff that Telltale's been doing and the indie community especially has been very big on this.
I know there was the King's Quest fan thing, the silver lining, which was really awesome.
The fan community is just great for that stuff.
That was great.
Yeah.
So actually I came up here specifically to see this band, Prylosis.
And if anybody's in Sacramento, I highly recommend that you check them out.
They're a metal band.
They're also actually hilarious.
They have a great YouTube channel.
It's P-R-Y-L-O-S-I-S.
And that's also Prylosis.com.
And for anybody that's into metal music, I just had to recommend them because that was a lot of fun and they're fantastic.
But that's more music geekery for me.
That's no problem because now the network is about everything geek.
It's Voice of Geeks.
So a little music geekery on our show.
It's a-okay, especially for metal fans.
You know, I'm not even actually a metal fan by nature, but I really enjoyed it.
They're really melodic, and it's just amazing, though, how one can expand your horizons, especially when it involves people that are really musically gifted.
You do a lot of music playing yourself, right?
I do a little bit of singer-songwriter stuff.
Bitching about ex-boyfriends with an acoustic guitar and stuff like that.
So you're like a Lilith Fair, basically.
Not that bad, but... I'm doing a lot of jazz covers recently.
I have a guitar player, and it's been a lot of fun.
I'm hanging out at this place called Kulak's Woodshed in North Hollywood, and they webcast actually live all their shows.
Nice.
And it's kind of a singer-songwriter deal as well.
PlayStation Home Summerfest PlayStation Home Summerfest
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
I was in PlayStation Home during his show and just kind of really seeing the community.
It was almost like watching an episode of Cheers where people would show up.
Norm!
Everybody really seemed to know each other.
I thought it was really cool.
and I in a way I felt like an outsider but like everybody was super welcoming it was like saying hello and I was talking about VOG and people were actually pretty receptive during Bobby's show he got a caller from somebody that had like never listened to VOG before but was listening because of PlayStation Home and I just thought that was like a great cross promotional opportunity so if you are listening live and you are in PlayStation Home I do want to point out Bobby Blackwolf is in there now and he's going to be feeding me comments about
Thank you for watching!
of course if you want to do things the old fashioned way nothing wrong with that I'm not going to ignore you guys in our always present chat room live.vognetwork.com is where the traditional IRC based chat room is if you want to join that and chat along with the show you can also check in to the show at VOG Network as we are live here and get your VOG points and maybe a little bit of loot
All right.
Stan in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com starts us off tonight saying, Rob, is there a way to stream the live podcast on PlayStation Home?
Because I'll switch if I can.
You know, sadly, I don't think that's something that's possible yet because I don't think you can really do like streaming music or any of that yet.
We should all let Sony know that's something we want in the future though because how awesome would it be if in that VOG Network clubhouse we could actually have like a VOG Network feed.
That would be like the best thing ever.
So who knows?
Anything's possible in the future.
So Blackwolf is reporting that from PlayStation Home that the club channels just died again.
Our party is crashing the servers, y'all.
Do we know how to party or what?
Anyhow, so yes, again, a big hello to you guys at PlayStation Home who are listening tonight.
Let me throw out some names I remember from before.
MandaPanda, Jay, Steven, Junebug, that guy who had the 91 on the back of his shirt that made me feel insignificant.
No, just kidding.
But yeah, I want to say hi to all you guys who are listening right now.
all right um and also some of the uh OL Army and VOG regulars are in home summer fest right now I saw Tiger Claw in there earlier and I saw um Spaznator and some of the other people so that's pretty cool there's kind of the cross promotion stuff going on so that's what it's all about it's just promoting community and and cool people meeting other cool people I know PlayStation Home has had its share of you know some people still don't get it and I even admit I I've
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
All right.
Before we get started with tonight's show, I wanted to do a quick kickoff topic, which I think might have been just saying hello to Marissa and interviewing her a little bit.
Let's see, Marissa.
So you like adventure games.
Yes.
What is your favorite video game ever?
It really does have to be Indiana Jones and the Fate of Atlantis.
I really just love that game.
Do you have a thing for Harrison Ford?
Let's be real.
No, but I have a thing for fedoras.
I really do.
Damn, I left mine out in the car.
No, true story.
One of my other passions besides like internet radio and video games and all that, I have been a member of like live shadow casting for midnight movies like Rocky Horror Picture Show especially, right?
For like
12 years.
Well, lately I've started doing stuff with Repo the Genetic Opera, which is, you know, one of the, yeah, that's kind of, I hate, I hate calling it the new Rocky Horror because it's not.
It's just a new, cool phenomenon that also happens to be at midnight.
Delays in shadow casting.
Exactly.
It's kind of like the shadow casting thing of the now.
And last night they did the 80s Repo show and I got to do Indiana Jones in a special cameo, which was awesome.
Did you bring your whip?
No.
They did a joke where the Paris Hilton character, Amber Sweet, is kind of like a dominatrix So they did a joke where I came out as Indiana Jones and she stole my whip That was kind of the joke, which was super cute But the audience cheered and I felt hot Awesome It was a good time Anyhow, let's get to video games Speaking of games, I know where to start this week Loki, I want to talk to you for a minute
Alright, so, you've been talking for weeks about this contest, this competition you were going to be at this weekend.
Let's hear about it.
How did it go?
It was terrible.
Okay, what was this that you went to?
Okay, so I went to a Call of Duty Modern Warfare 3 contest.
It was going to be two on two.
And, you know, for a while I was trying to find someone to go with and I had my, one of my friend's brothers was going to go with me.
And so everything sounded cool because he plays a lot of, you know, Call of Duty.
I, you know, I play quite a bit and, you know,
The rules were a little weird.
It was basically custom classes, but there were certain restrictions on what kind of loadout you can have.
And that was fine.
I practiced with the loadout that I could work with in the rules of the tournament.
And so I was kind of ready.
I had everything set up.
Okay, so here comes Friday.
The Friday before the tournament.
Literally about 2 o'clock, my co-op partner drops out.
So I have no one to go with.
So I'm like, fantastic.
Okay, so I call my friend Sean.
I'm like, hey, does your other brother play?
And he's like, yeah, he plays.
Let me see if he can go.
No, he's got things he's doing.
Okay, fine.
All right, that's fine.
I'll just find someone to play with when I go down there, or I'll play one against two.
That should be okay.
I'll take them both on.
Exactly, with the loadout I had.
These guys are going to all be, what, 16?
I'll take them all.
So I drove down there, like an hour and a half down to Stockton And so I'm at the shopping center where this place is and I can't find it at first So I look up on Facebook because this plaza is actually on both sides of the street I'm like, oh, it's probably on the other side of the street, let me just look up where it's at So when I go to look it up, I notice that there's an update in the events Oh, by the way, we changed all the rules
Oh, how convenient!
Thank you!
How convenient!
So they're all, oh, by the way, now we're not doing custom classes, we're just doing the standard classes that are there.
And with no restrictions.
I'm like, you gotta be fucking kidding me.
I drove all the, I'm like, fine.
You know what?
I drove all this way, I'm gonna play at least.
So I get there, sign up and everything.
Oh, by the way, now we're gonna not do killstreaks.
Thanks for watching!
Thanks for watching!
I had been practicing with a certain class all week long per expectations to a tournament and then they fucking switched it all up on me so I'm like god damn it I don't know what fucking class I'm going to play.
And did they ask you, you mad, brah?
Oh, no, oh, it gets better than that.
It gets better.
I'm like, okay, so what the hell?
Why do you guys change the instructions?
Oh, well, it's actually supposed to be standard classes all along, but that's what we've been telling everybody that's been coming in here, you know, the past few weeks.
Oh, the past few weeks, so you've known about this shit, and you've been telling everybody, oh, but you fucking failed to update it on Facebook so that, you know, people that were coming out of town would know anything about it.
Well, I don't know, I'm just working here.
It was a big fucking mess.
So yes, I didn't enjoy myself, but at least I didn't spend that much time in Stockton.
So I played for a few minutes, I got to meet with my customer that was down there, and I left, and that was it.
DungeonBuster in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says the rage gauge is nearing critical DJ Morpheus is counting the number of F-bombs that you're dropping I do want to remind, because we do have an influx of new listeners tonight thanks in large part to the PlayStation Home Summerfest I just want to remind everybody it is a mature audiences show so please put the kids to bed or put headphones on
Let's be honest.
I mean, come on.
I mean, there's people that I've been to video game tournaments before.
You don't go to a tournament that changes the fucking rules.
Nah, that's messed up.
Like 10 minutes before the tournament starts.
Like back in the day, if it was like a DDR tournament, like, oh man, that tournament would have been smeared on DDR Freak the next day.
The next day?
The same day.
The same day.
It was ridiculous.
We didn't have live blogging back in that day.
But we had laptops at tournaments.
But see, no one else was pissed there except for me because everybody else there was local.
And so they had been in the shop at least a couple times before tournaments started.
So they were aware of the change in the rules.
But no one fucking mentioned it at all.
It was really annoying.
But whatever.
You know what?
I contemplate.
I'm like, do I really want to drive down to Stockton since it's just going to be myself?
I do want to point out, Wicked is in our chat room right now saying, yay, Loki was in my neck of the woods.
So you are bashing one of our listeners' hometowns right now.
But let's be real.
Dude, bro, you live in Stockton.
You know what, though?
Your city's bankrupt.
Let me put it this way.
At least the tournament seemed like a good portion of Stockton.
The shopping mall was actually pretty nice.
A compliment from Loki, everybody!
The mall was nice!
Was it by the S-Mart?
I don't know where the S-Mart is.
And the game store was nice.
It's just, unfortunately, you have an idiot running your goddamn tournaments.
That's the only problem.
And I don't know, it may very well be that this guy's new to running tournaments because I hear that their fighting game tournaments run okay.
But then again, I'm sure they're not switching up the rules.
It'd be funny.
Hey, let's go play Marvel vs. Capcom 3 tournament.
Oh, and the reason, too, the reason that they changed up all the rules is because, oh, well, we didn't want someone to say, oh, well, the only reason you won is because you got this kill streak and the helicopter killed me.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
to change the rules at the very last second because, oh, we don't want to hear someone bitch and whine.
Well, you know what?
You're fucking hearing me bitch and whine about it now because I had to drive 90 fucking minutes to your stupid tournament, which I will.
Oh, and by the way, I love my customer, but she's like, so are you coming back for Stockton Fest?
I'm like, no, I'm not fucking coming back to Stockton Fest.
I am not driving to Stockton ever again.
When I drive to LA, I will drive around Stockton.
The last time I went to Stockton, someone stole my Xbox.
This time I went to Stockton, fucking tournaments sucked.
I'm not coming back to Stockton.
There will not be a three strike law here.
This is two strikes, we're done.
I'm not going back to Stockton.
Wicked in our chat says, trust me, if I didn't have to live here, I wouldn't.
Hey, trust me, I'm sure, it's just, it has nothing to do with Stockton, this could have been run in Sacramento and had an idiot running tournament, it doesn't matter, it's just, you don't fucking change the rules at the last second.
And okay, if you're going to change the rule, I can understand if it was like, hey, you know what, you guys?
We said all these restrictions are in place, but we're just going to lift the restrictions now.
Okay, that's not so bad because I can still play with the class I had or I can change it up a little bit instead of, oh, by the way, now you have to stick to one of these six classes.
Oh, and that sucked and you can at least get some killstreaks and stuff, but we're going to take those away too.
Wicked in our chat room says, Aw, you won't come back to Stockton?
Not even if I bake cookies?
No.
No.
Sorry.
I'm sorry.
With his luck, he'd probably get food poisoning and vomit all over the entire town.
We're gonna have to broker like a Loki Stockton peace summit in like Lodi or something.
I don't know.
We're going to have to figure that one out.
All right, look.
Too many local jokes.
It's a worldwide show.
The rule, I mean, just the lesson to be learned here is just you got to be, I guess you have to be aware of how the, whatever local store is running a tournament, how they handle things.
Because, I mean, and honestly, no one should be changing rules last second.
I noticed they deleted the event on Facebook so no one can comment on it or anything.
They must have had a few angry people.
Who won?
I don't care.
I wasn't going to stick around.
I'm like, who cares?
I felt bad for the guy that was playing.
I'm like, well, because it's like the second game.
Basically, it was... Oh, and that was the other thing they changed, too, because it was single elimination first, and then it was like, oh, best two out of three now.
I'm like, is it best two out of three or single elimination?
Well, it's best two out of three, then if you lose once, then you're out.
Okay, fine.
What?
That doesn't even make sense.
Whoever loses the best two out of three or wins the best two out of three moves on, then the loser is done.
So we lost our first round because it was like, okay, let's try to get ahead.
And we were doing all right.
I mean, it wasn't like we lost by a whole ton.
It's still quite a few points, but it wasn't like we had 100 points and they had 2,500 or something.
It was pretty decent.
Yeah, we had already lost our first game, so that put us at a disadvantage for the second round.
Because the second round, it's like, well, we have to come to them because they're not, you know, in order to win this.
And so it just, unfortunately, we had the advantage there.
All right, we have a comment coming out of PlayStation Home.
The man Bobby Blackwolf is in.
He does the show before us Sunday nights on VOG Network.
He is in PlayStation Home right now feeding me comments because I can't see the TV.
It's too far away.
I'm in there doing the running.
A circle of running men just sounds dirty too.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Ew, Zynga game.
Whatever.
Judging you.
Whatever.
No, I know it's popular.
It's real popular.
I don't care if it's popular.
It's addicting.
I've been playing a really addictive game.
I mean, I'm like cutting and talking about something in my week real quick, but I've been playing... Well, no, this is important.
I've been playing... When don't I ever make a topic about me, DarkSakura?
Even though I've been, what, 10 years?
All right.
More than that.
There's a game on iPhone called SongPop.
Zynga
How long before Zynga buys them?
Let's talk about Facebook real quick Facebook, in case anyone hasn't fucking noticed is a little broken right now because you cannot unsubscribe from people's comments and likes or updates by games
I try.
I don't fucking care about your stupid song game or whatever.
I'm trying to hide that shit, but Facebook does not want to let me do it.
You know what's funny?
I thought I set all that shit to private.
Like, are you seeing my song pop shit?
No, other people.
Oh, okay.
Bobby.
I don't mind that kind of stuff.
It's mainly people commenting on other people's cat photos.
I really don't care if you think that's a cute cat or not.
It's Facebook's problem because all that stuff was hidden before and now it's not.
I just want to make it known that this is an issue so everybody can also make it known to their friends that this is an issue because...
No one seems to be fixing it.
It's been like this for a week.
I think the real issue is that I heard this went into place a couple weeks ago.
Let's say you're in a group and you make a post in that group.
Now you can see when everybody read that post.
I kind of think that's like a privacy violation.
Surprise!
I want to be able to stalk people with impunity.
Exactly!
I can see that too with messages.
Direct messages that you send to people on Facebook.
You can see if they've read it or not.
Whatever happened to good old-fashioned anonymous ignoring you?
How are people going to be able to check in on their ex and then be upset if they're living a nice life?
It's just like those emails with read receipts and stuff like that.
I love deleting those before they get sent.
That's terrible.
Well, actually, I have to bitch about Facebook, too, because they're totally fucking over page owners right now.
I understand that they're a for-profit entity and they have to make money, but I operate several pages myself for musicians and one for a venue that I work for.
That mic is cutting in and out.
Sorry about that.
Live radio, kids.
Love ya.
I operate several pages for musicians and for venues that I work for.
I completely understand that Facebook is a for-profit entity and they need to make money.
So I'd be happy to pay for extra features.
However, to pay for just basic exposure that would normally, if you were on a friend's page, would just go out to all of your friends is bullshit.
I'm sorry.
On Facebook, you pay with your soul.
This is true.
I'm not going to argue that.
How do you like your Farmville now?
I completely agree.
But yeah, I mean, page owners, if you didn't know that already, your posts aren't getting completed.
Zuckerberg is watching you masturbate.
Shalom.
I'm allowed to say that.
For the record.
But yeah, I mean, for any page owners that didn't know this earlier, unless you're paying for their extra services, you make a post on your page, it's not going to reach your whole audience at all.
Marissa, we really just need a show on VOG where we giggle for an hour.
Giggle time!
Giggle time!
Oh dear, what have I started?
Tickle Fest!
Yay!
Alright.
Ooh, I found a Garrus shirt.
Oh yeah, this was DarkSakura's gaming week at one point.
Oh, fuck all that.
I'm looking up Mass Effect t-shirts.
Actually, Jamie did introduce... I was not familiar with Mass Effect, and Jamie did introduce me to that character's glorious baritone.
He is lovely.
It's a lovely voice.
The guy that was his voice actor was on an episode of Buffy as like this real douchebag who was like this horrible character.
Oh, really?
Yeah, it was in season seven, so it doesn't count.
Did you let Garrus calibrate your heart?
He has a very nice lower register, that's all I can say.
Well, then, Marissa, I'll ask you about your gaming week.
It sounds like you got exposed to Mass Effect a little bit.
Yes.
My new wallpaper, by the way, is the Citadel smooch.
That's it?
Watching other people play Modern Warfare and then getting yelled at for stealing their bandwidth has pretty much been the rest of my gaming week.
Goddammit, are you on the internet?
Sorry.
That's like Sunday nights at OLR when Alan mistakenly downloads BitTorrents.
God damn it, are you getting porn?
I'm trying to do a show.
I'm trying to hack into our neighbor's connection.
His connection's name is Uncle Touchy's Puzzle Basement.
But I haven't been able to figure out his code yet.
It's a Pat Moswell joke.
Oh, I'm like... As long as it's WP or WBA, you can hack it pretty easy.
Oh, okay.
I can send you the link.
Lifehacker had an article on it.
All right.
We'll go move on to Loki.
Loki, how was your gaming week besides Stockton?
Hey, Stockton just was unfortunate.
I didn't even finish mine.
I thought you were done.
Fuck you.
Fuck everybody.
Bye.
All right.
You're done.
Okay, so...
I had to walk away so I wouldn't time out of home.
You said, and I quote, I've just been playing Mass Effect.
I might have played other things.
But when you say, I just played Mass Effect.
Well, I did just play Mass Effect before we left the house.
That is true.
She made it sound like just in... Oh, forget it.
I'm not having a grammar war with this woman.
Fine, lady.
How was the rest of your gaming week?
Uneventful.
She is a level 50 grammar knight, by the way.
She's a level 50 bitch right now is what she is.
No, Rob.
69.
I'm sorry.
Bitch is a subclass.
You need to put a B in a circle on the back of your shirt when you go into PlayStation Home.
All right.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
Now, do I have permission to move on to the show?
Carry on.
Carry on.
Thank you.
Thank you.
How are you enjoying hosting the Olympics, your queen?
All these countries used to be mine.
No, I have to do the proper All of these countries used to be mine We are not amused
May the odds be ever in your favor!
Thanks for watching!
FireCrotch
Then you have roasted sausage.
Hey, now, now, I used to, I have a cooling pad they put on there, but yes, before when I used to.
Icy hot?
No, a metal pad with fans in it.
Anyways, no, but when I had, before I had all the cooling modifications to it, I would burn my legs playing games on my laptop.
So yes, that's, it is possible to do that.
and it got so hot too that like I was burning my hands not touching my laptop on top of my keys it was just getting that hot I'm like okay starting to smell things burning probably should cool it off wow so yeah so I think we're good we're in a good spot now because all the other spots that I haven't drilled holes in don't really have any processors underneath them so it's probably not necessary and then played Minecraft a bit more of that that's kind of fun we just started kind of exploring the area and the new
Octocock Minecraft Scene Beta Key for LittleBigPlanet
No problem.
And that's pretty much it.
I just have a lot of stuff.
A lot of it was just hinging on cooling my laptop down so I can play more Borderlands again because it's just getting so hot.
I'm like, I don't want to break anything in there.
All right.
Well, let me talk about my gaming week.
I played Borderlands a little bit.
I was really busy during the weekend because of the shadow casting events going on this weekend.
But earlier in the week, I played Borderlands like a little more seriously this time.
I mean, not a lot, a lot.
I only probably got to like level 10 or 11, which, you know, is chump change in the scope of things.
But it gave me enough time to get a better feel for the game than what I'd played of it before.
And I like it.
It's kind of like...
I think the description of World of Warcraft as a first-person shooter is somewhat accurate, except it's not really an MMO, but you can play the multiplayer.
That was the only thing that felt a little disjointed for me, and this is going to sound negative, but it's really not.
I do really enjoy the game, you guys, but I kind of thought it was weird that you can use the same character in your single-player and in multiplayer.
I know you can use different too but it was it just felt a little disjointed like here I am doing some quests as single player and then here we are multiplayer and so-and-so's kind of off doing this and so-and-so's off doing this and kind of like we're all completing quests I'm not able to really follow along I'm not able to get into it as easy so it's kind of like I feel the need to play through this game once single player just to like know the story and know everything and then go back and do multiplayer and I
Okay, for real, GameSpy is the multiplayer client?
Like, what is this, 1998?
But okay, I realize the game is a few years old.
I'm hoping Borderlands 2 uses something a little more modern.
Okay.
Thanks for watching!
that you know remember I said I was playing a lot of Mass Effect multiplayer and it makes me want to play a first-person shooter because I really enjoy Mass Effect and the most people suggested I play Borderlands I think it was a great suggestion it is a little more first-person shootery than I'm used to and I was surprised I couldn't dumb the difficulty down because I like to play my shooters in easy noob noob mode but there is no difficulty you can do that yeah you gotta hacks it though you gotta hacks it I don't want to do that it's it's all right I didn't want to do that it's
I'm doing alright so far.
It's just multiplayer kicked our butt.
Like, because the enemies get so much stronger.
And now it's not just one guy running around not knowing what they're doing.
It's three.
This is me and two buddies of mine.
I want to play.
Yeah, well, we can certainly play later on.
I know Bobby's got it.
Alan's got it now.
Lots of people in the borderlands.
Otherwise, for me, I've been playing a lot of the same stuff.
Otherwise, not a lot of new, new stuff this week.
You know, World of Warcraft and all that good stuff.
I'm eagerly awaiting, thanks to Loki, I got a beta test code for the little big planet karting.
Super excited to try that out.
Play it as quickly as possible because it ends, like, Wednesday.
Oh no!
I'll download it tonight.
Play it Monday and Tuesday night or something.
Let you guys know my impressions on that next week.
That ought to be of interest to the PlayStation Home folks, because that's a Sony exclusive.
We've got some codes that we can give away too.
You say we have extra codes to give away?
Yeah, we do.
Maybe we need to do a giveaway tonight in the PlayStation Home clubhouse.
That'd be fun.
I think like three extra codes?
We'll think of a way to do a contest.
I don't want to ignore the folks in our live chat room either.
Maybe we'll give some codes away in some different places tonight.
Guess Marissa's cup size is the contest?
I can guess what it is.
I don't know about that, alright.
I gotta keep it, we might be a mature show, but I wanna keep it somewhat PG-13 at least at home.
Out of respect to the community, I wanna keep it a little PG-13 there.
Too big is the answer.
All right.
Shane is messaging me going, I want a freaking code.
Well, Shane, that's what you get for bragging about the PlayStation All-Stars Network Battle Royale thingy that you were in the beta for.
And I was like, let me play.
And you know what his answer was?
No.
No.
Geras Geras Geras
So next week, after Orange Lounge Radio, that's right, after Orange Lounge Radio, I think we've been doing this show like 10 years.
Have we ever had another show follow us?
Like usually we're the last show of the night, right?
Because like 1 a.m.
on the East Coast by the time we're done sometimes.
Well, next week, there is going to be a special show following us at vognetwork.com.
I know it's very late.
I know it's a long time to stay up, but this is very cool.
Travis Donovan from Under Sedation Live.
is going to be doing a special live VOG coverage of the Mars Curiosity landing.
So I think that's really cool.
Like, you know, it's a little bit of space.
Like, Travis, if you listen to Under Station Live at all, which is on Saturday nights at VOG, 7 o'clock Pacific, he loves space.
He loves NASA.
He loves the space program.
Is he the best at space?
He might be.
Which, by the way, before I forget, rest in peace, Sally Ride.
For real.
For real.
Sally Ride.
I mean, not just all the stuff that came out afterwards, but just Sally Ride.
You know, I was around like five or six when she first went into space.
And...
I don't even know how to put this.
At such a young age, you're even so happy to see a female go into space.
You kind of wonder as a kid, on one hand, you wonder, why is it such a big deal?
But on the other hand, you feel a lot of happiness and pride for that equality.
I remember feeling that at a young age.
And I'm not even a girl.
I guess I was a feminist at five years old.
Who knew?
But anyway, Sally Ride.
Amazing inspiration to men and women everywhere.
Am I really that out of current events that I didn't realize that we had sent another, like... Oh, another show.
That's just a one-time special.
No, no, no.
Not that.
I'm talking about sending something to Mars.
I didn't even realize that we had sent anything else to Mars.
I thought they were like, ah, we fucked up that last rover.
We're done.
I mean...
I mean, that's cool.
I think it's amazing.
Well, you know what?
You should tune in to Travis' special next week.
You might learn something.
It makes sense that now they have all these Mars landing games.
Like, who cares about landing on Mars now?
I mean, that's like so old.
And what the hell is the world turning to when I'm learning things from Travis Donovan?
Love you.
All right.
So I did want to plug that.
Of course, I want to plug our Facebook community, Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
And we are on Twitter as well.
You can follow us at OLR or you can follow the Voice of Geeks Network as a whole, VOG Network.
VOG Network did grow in the past couple weeks with a few new shows, Critical Myth and British Invaders.
Want to give them a shout out.
Great, great television and discussion shows.
They're both fantastic shows and so happy to have them on the lineup.
and of course one more shout out to the folks right now doing the running man or just hanging out whatever they're doing in Aurora 1.5 where PlayStation Summerfest is going on right now looks like it's thinned out a little bit there was a lot more people in there during Bobby's show but you know it's getting late on the East Coast some people got to go to bed sometimes
Alright, moving on.
Let's get into some gaming news.
I think we're just on the other side of the camera.
Oh, was the camera just facing that way?
Oh my god, someone made a Chibi Garrus plushie.
I see, from back here, I see a Junebug.
Says, thank you everyone very much.
Awesome job, VOG.
Thank you, Junebug.
She won a $20 gift card during Bobby Blackwolf's show tonight for PlayStation Network, and she called in.
And I thought that was amazing.
Shout out, Junebug.
All right.
Loki, starting us off tonight with exclusive news, maybe?
I guess.
See, I don't have all the details on this yet, but it was interesting.
It's a test that they're doing.
Apparently, that new Nike Plus Fitness game for Kinect that's coming out this fall is going to require a subscription service in order to play the game.
Now, I'm not sure exactly how that works in... Because I was asking him some questions.
He was basically... The rep we had at Microsoft was kind of using this.
Hey, we can sell some more points cards using this.
I'm like...
Are people going to be kind of pissed off that you guys are charging 400 Microsoft points a month for the service?
And I guess it's for stat tracking and something like that.
Now, he said, because I don't know too much about this game, he said that the game will not work unless you pay this monthly fee.
So I'm not sure what exactly is entailed there.
If it's just going to not track your progress...
That's what the monthly fee's for, or if it's just gonna plain, straight up not work unless you have, like, a pass or something to this.
If you don't pay us, you will get fat.
I mean, I don't know.
See, my thought is, you know, I was just kind of...
Why are you guys doing this?
I mean, aren't people going to look at this kind of negative?
Because I even brought up the typical things.
I love that you called them out on it.
You guys, you have your gold service that people are paying for.
Aren't you guys kind of worried that this might look bad since they're charging a fee on top of this?
And he said it's just a test right now.
So I don't know.
This is a test.
This is only a test.
That's me sucking money out of your wallet.
We'll have to see what exactly this is when it comes out because I'm sure that he didn't have all the details because trust me, I know reps for companies that don't know what the fuck they're talking about when it comes to product.
It's very possible that he got some stuff wrong or just wasn't clear on things.
Maybe it's just this whole stat tracking thing that's extra or something.
But I still don't like the fact that a game is requiring you for a monthly fee for something that should be, in my opinion, included with it.
So, we will see when this comes out.
And if it does require this, I mean, that kind of sucks for them because there's plenty of fitness games out there for the Xbox 360.
Yeah, I mean, this has to be something, like, super special.
But then the Nike Plus has that whole, like, will it integrate with the shoes?
Yes.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I wonder if that'll have to be like right there on the front of the box.
That they're going to be charging that.
It won't be.
That's scary.
Like, then what are you getting?
I mean, I can see if there's like a premium club or something.
I mean, I guess that's no different from what Call of Duty... I'm guessing that's what it's going to be maybe.
It's some sort of like, you know, if you subscribe to this, you'll get more out of it or something.
Because that would make sense to me.
I would...
it would be a huge mistake to say okay this game requires all this DLC but that's how he phrased it like I said you know maybe it's just him misinterpreting you know the information that he's been given it's possible but I just am reporting what I've been told so 400 Microsoft points a month
Some people have mixed success rates with those fitness games.
Brad is talking to me in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com right now, and he says, talking about fitness games, Christina got a Your Shape game, and while doing one of the initial setup scans, it told her, straighten your back, and they cracked up because she has scoliosis.
So her response was, good luck with that.
Oh dear, Marissa.
I can imagine Marissa playing the Your Shape game.
You seem a little top heavy.
I can't straighten my back either.
Put down your groceries.
Stop carrying that baby.
Please put down the watermelons.
I'll do Ooch's brassieres later.
Alright.
Anything else on this topic?
Loki, can I move on?
One more thing I forgot to mention this week on my gaming week.
I played Dead or Alive 5.
The near final build of that.
That's kind of cool.
But I don't play Dead or Alive so it was button mash fest.
I didn't do very well at that until I switched to Ryu and then I fucking kicked ass because he apparently is pretty conducive for button mashing.
It looks pretty, though.
Is Dead or Alive?
I made a huge faux pas, by the way.
Christina's a girlfriend, not a wife.
My bad.
Awkward!
Sorry, guys.
Back and away.
Did I mention what a great show PodCulture is?
And you should all listen to it so that I can be forgiven Monday nights at 6 o'clock.
He offered time at the dinner table.
Rob is rad now.
Don't worry.
It's just like when people say, so Alan's your roommate?
Well, yeah, we do live together.
In the same room.
And have mating practices.
All right.
Hey, let's move on to Windows 8.
Marissa, it's going to turn into the Giggle Show.
Stop.
All right.
She's over there making like she's digging a hole.
Let's talk about someone who's almost as awesome as Brad from PodCulture, Gabe Newell.
And he's talking about Windows 8.
He's not a fan.
You know, Windows 8 is coming out towards the end of the year.
I believe it's been officially dated for October 26th.
And it's going to be coming out, and a lot of people are excited about Windows 8.
But one of them that's not excited about Windows 8, Gabe Newell.
He says, quote, a catastrophe.
He just straight up called it a catastrophe and that's according to AllThingsD.
I think Windows 8 is a catastrophe for everyone in the PC space.
I think we'll lose some of the top tier PC OEMs who will exit the market.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Pretty big risk in a way.
I mean, I'm sure the Linux folks are happy.
That's crazy that all of a sudden old versions of Windows will just disappear and become Windows 8.
That is a little interesting, but... I mean, gee, what's going to happen to all those computers running those older OSs and people not upgrading?
Oh, I guess everything will work as usual.
That's odd.
Yeah.
Blizzard
Blizzard is on board with this.
It was according to Twitter and a comment from game designer Rob Pardo.
He said on Twitter, Nice interview with Gabe Newell.
I think Windows 8 is a catastrophe for everyone in the PC space.
Not awesome for Blizzard either.
Now keep in mind, this is one guy at Blizzard, but when he is a game designer...
Yeah, so there you go.
Not some good early feedback.
I'm hoping this isn't going to go over like Windows ME or something or Windows Vista.
I know, right?
Even Marista, the non-gamer, is sitting over there going, oh, so cold, so cold.
Wait, give Marista the mic a minute.
Marista, you were not a fan of Windows ME?
No.
No, I've actually had it in many offices.
I've been a legal secretary at many points in my life, and attorneys are very cheap.
I've had to try to work with Windows MA.
I still have nightmares.
Alright, let me go back to the Gabe Newell thing a minute.
Alright, Jamie, listen up, because I know this is software that is a big part of what you do.
Because Gabe Newell kind of alluded to programs like Adobe Photoshop.
That causes us to have conversations with Adobe.
And we say the next version of Photoshop should look like a free to play game.
And they say, we have absolutely no idea what you're talking about, but it sounds really bad.
And what he means by that is that he's saying, you know,
People make money on things like Team Fortress 2 that are free to play.
One Steam user apparently making $150,000 a year selling hats in Team Fortress 2.
So he sort of goes to something like Adobe Photoshop and says, what if your platform was free
DarkSakura.com
Yeah, I mean, I could use GIMP.
I love GIMP too, but I want what Photoshop does, so I use Photoshop.
Aren't there a lot, I mean, let's have real talk for a minute.
Aren't there a lot of people that just pirate Photoshop?
I mean, isn't that what Newell's kind of trying to get at?
Yes.
Well, people are pirating it anyway, so why don't you just make it free for everybody and then add the features?
Because that's not going to work.
There's plenty of companies that are still going to buy the official ones for their designers at a design firm.
There are plenty of professionals who are going to have licensed copies because they can't produce work for a profit situation if they are using a pirated version.
they have to have licensing even free to play stuff sometimes has that pay tier you know like a lot of MMOs like you know Star Trek Online or DC Universe or whatever yeah it's free but then if you pay the monthly fee you get your you know uber access or whatever yeah Marissa let's give yeah
I would be happy to pay if it was a little more reasonable for those of us who aren't using it under a professional capacity.
Well, that's what surprised me about Windows 8 is the price.
A lot of people are shocked about Windows 8 price, but some people infer that that's coming from the Mac side of things where I think the latest Mac upgrade was, what, $20, $30?
Don't quote me on that because I don't have a Mac to upgrade right now.
But yeah, a lot of people are saying that Windows 8 is a cheap upgrade because of that.
It's an interesting counter move.
I like 7.
7 does what it needs to do.
And this is the whole reason why more and more people are leaving the PC and Mac universe to head over to Linux because they want to have the control over what they install in their systems.
I love Linux because if I want my system to be optimized for graphics over, say, sound...
All I have to do is install a new kernel that's optimized for graphics.
Done.
Or optimized for system speed.
Done.
I can switch between the two if I want to.
I have all of my programs.
I can download them through one place, yes, but they've been tested and work for my system.
I can still go through other means to download the programs that I want.
I'm running Linux Mint right now on my netbook, which was half the size of the Windows install that came on it.
And it uses, I think, a third of the memory resources that Windows does.
But is it efficient for porn?
Yes, I can watch porn on it, Rob.
Everything's efficient for porn.
Yay, Pornobox!
I love you, Linux!
I've just gotten done looking up a bunch of Mass Effect porn.
I mean... You mean DeviantArt.
Whatever.
It's, I'm, I'm, I'm doing work.
Alright, DarkSakura.
Any computer, if a computer from back in the 90s is efficient enough for porn, which mine was.
They're slow, let's be real.
Then a netbook can easily look up porn.
I mean, Loki, I know you were the kid like me who dialed into all the BBSs.
To download porn?
To download porn!
It took time!
That was dedication, because if that picture...
And we were thankful Animated GIFs That's right
and you what?
You know what?
You were lucky if it was in 256 colors because You look at those boobies in 16 colors and you'll like it.
Go find an old Abandonware archive somewhere and download an old school strip poker game from like 1984 for what was called, now kids, I know you might not have heard of this, but for what's called a CGA monitor.
Does anybody know what a CGA monitor does?
And then we had EGA.
Okay.
I have a dirty porn story.
My favorite!
Safe for your audience though, but it's funny that you mention that.
With the internet and internet pornography, it's amazing actually how much of a backlog and things that were on VHS that are on the internet.
I found out that a friend of mine, a gentleman, had done porn.
I was there for this.
Well, you live in L.A.,
She found out while she was here.
The Wii came out.
Now I understand why when we were doing the whole cute little find out your porn star name game.
Now I understand why he thought that game was so funny.
Now I understand.
I managed to look it up and I found it.
It was like 94.
I also found out that he hadn't changed his comforter.
I had house sat for him once and I was grossed out because they shot it at his house.
Did you run and take a shower immediately?
Yes!
He had a chair.
It was the same comfort.
I slept in the bed.
I was watching his house and I took a screenshot of his own face and I sent it to all his friends.
Wow!
That is a cunty thing to do!
Oh my god.
I'm sorry if that word offends you.
Alright.
I didn't want to go there.
That is like drag queen level see you next Tuesday.
That would be the truth.
But the problem was, Rob... You sent a picture of his O-face to all of his friends.
Here's the problem.
I had dated him.
And he did not tell me.
Okay, I didn't want to have to make that confession, but yes, I have fucked a porn star.
Congratulations.
Yay!
The things we learned on Orange Lounge Radio.
The more you know.
In retrospect, his technique makes a lot more sense now.
Now I look back and... By technique meaning that he used the same techniques that butchers use for tenderizing meats?
Or perhaps that you're like, man, were you like a butter churner in your past life or something?
I mean...
I just want to give another hello to the PlayStation homers joining us for the first time at the Voice of Geeks Network.
These are the things geeks have to say.
Who knew?
Well, you know what?
There's a comment coming from PlayStation Home from MandaPanda1979 Snow White banging the seven dwarves hot.
It really wasn't that hot, but yet we were 13 and loved it.
One of the days of the pornos he was in was called Country Western Cuties Nude Pie Eating Contest.
Bob is on the floor, literally.
He was actually a country singer-songwriter.
That's how I knew him.
Okay, for the record, I had just broken up with my boyfriend.
It was a very dark time for me.
So how about video games?
That email actually sent them all.
My friends had said, I have a present for you.
And it had the screen cap of his own face and in porny font it said, you're welcome.
It's a pie-eating gun.
I'm so sorry!
Oh yeah, and by the way, I actually had asked a bunch of my friends to tune in this evening who are not aware of this story.
So now they know a lot more about me than I'd ever cared to have them know.
I'm surprised that that's the title of it because that's actually, that's pretty, you know, it's not bad for a porn title.
I mean, there's...
No, we're talking like actual pies and not like pies in the pornographic sense.
That's what my mind went.
I've been literally rolling on the floor laughing so hard.
You're welcome.
I'd like to take this moment to apologize.
Can we get to the games, please?
Maybe.
Chiggers says that I'm going all Anderson Cooper right now.
Rob was literally on the floor.
You know what's funny is I had some people come up to you during the game summit thing that we had at our work and everything.
And they're like, hey, so I have some libraries and stuff that might be interesting in your podcast.
I'm like, you do realize this is a pretty adult podcast.
Like, we use some colorful languages and stuff.
They're like, yeah, that's okay.
I'm like, are you sure you know what you're getting into?
Well, if Catcher in the Rye is at the library, I mean.
Whatever, you know.
All right.
They're not my customers.
I don't care.
Okay, Monty Boggs in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says, I'm so glad this is the OLR live I get to come back to after so much time away.
Please don't put this on the wiki.
Somehow Windows 8 led to that discussion.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio on vognetwork.com, use the passphrase, Olive.
So DarkSakura, why don't you try to bring us back to games here with another story?
Fuck.
More porn, please.
No, no, not that.
Square is saying that Versus 13 is going to still be out and they still are not showing shit about it.
But they are watching porn!
No.
There was basically a statement by Yoichi Wada saying that someone was spreading a rumor about Versus being cancelled.
They said that he just left a regularly scheduled meeting for Versus and quote says, if you were to see the city, et cetera, presented today, you wouldn't be able to stand from surprise.
Because everybody thinks the game is dead.
Yeah.
Could it be though, I mean, okay, so it's not canceled, but weren't there a lot of, you know, kind of rumor, I mean, granted, this is all rumors or whatever, that it could be a different name now?
I don't know.
They just said that they're still running it under the luminous engine.
Well, I know.
That's a lot of what we talked about.
Because when this story came up last week, you weren't here, but we hypothesized that it could be 15.
It doesn't say anything about it.
It's going to be Final Fantasy XIII, a sequel reborn.
I see what you did there.
We'll come back to that.
DarkSakura, what do you think of Final Fantasy XIII Versus?
Given that I didn't play the first XIII more than the level, then I kind of am not interested in it.
Well, keep in mind, Versus is more Kingdom Hearts-ish in the way it plays.
I play Kingdom Hearts.
I mean, seriously, I'm kind of spent on the Final Fantasy franchise.
I kind of don't care about it anymore.
XIV didn't help, but we'll get back to that later.
I didn't play 12.
I tried to play 13 and I thought it wasn't great and I'm really not invested in the universe.
So...
I think honestly between 13 and 13 verses it's pretty much just like Joel Schumacher Batman and you know a different Batman Final Fantasy 14 was kind of the Batman and Robin of the series right now it's kind of like we had to hire who's like a big we had to hire Steven Spielberg to redo Batman and Robin like that's what's going on in Final Fantasy 14 right now
All right, let's move on with some more news while I get a drink of water because my face still hurts from laughing so hard.
Damn you, Marissa.
This is why you haven't been on this show because you kill me every time.
I'm trying to take... I'm on the Facebook app right now.
I'm trying to take down the link I'd sent to all my friends inviting them to listen in.
I'm turning to the pod.
Not all of them knew that.
It's okay, though.
It is funny.
I love you so much right now, I can't even.
Alright, so what was his porn star name?
No.
Everybody's gonna Google it now.
Let's move on.
Games, video games, gaming culture, that's what we do here at OLR.
I'll tell you later.
So let's talk about Ouya.
Ouya is that wonderful $99 console that's being kickstarted.
They made some announcements including that the streaming service OnLive will be coming to the system as well.
Not a big surprise since OnLive runs on Android and it's an Android device so it makes sense to me that it would be on there but of course OnLive has committed that they will deliver a full console class experience and bring hundreds of top tier games from more than 80 publishers more marketing speak marketing speak marketing speak
and then of course at the same time they also showed the second half of that concept picture for the Ouya controller and yeah it looks like the second half of the controller what do you expect and of course everyone's like oh I don't like that d-pad well everything's still not finalized it's just a concept picture but now you have your second half and wow it's looks like what you thought it would look like
The Ouya, the on-live thing is a really interesting backdoor to get the big games on Ouya because you remember a couple weeks ago we were kind of having our skepticism chat about should we fund this or not and we were talking about how they're doing this poll to see what games people want on Ouya and it's all this first-party stuff is what people really want.
It's like, dude, this box is not going to be powerful enough to run Mass Effect 3 or something like that.
But, thanks to on-live technology, you could play Assassin's Creed or whatever the games are that are on OUYA.
Borderlands is one of them, I know that.
And I don't believe a publisher can say, no, we don't want our game pushed to such and such.
I don't think, yeah.
Yeah, so that is, I gotta say, that's a really smart partnership.
because you're using a technology that your system can accommodate to kind of use those big games.
And I think that's a really brilliant idea on their part.
Yeah.
And then, of course, I think we may have mentioned this last week that they're getting the prequel to The Human Element.
It's going to be an exclusive thing on there.
Yeah.
Considering that that game doesn't come out until 2015.
I don't even know... Why would you even announce a game that's going to come out that far from now?
I mean...
Cool, you got a game coming out in 2015.
I won't remember by the time we get to 2015.
TigerClaw in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com, who earlier told me they were feeling ignored because of all the attention I'm giving to PlayStation Home tonight.
I love you guys too, at the regular chatroom, live.vognetwork.com.
TigerClaw says, on live is on Android, so it coming to OUYA was a no-brainer.
Well, if you had said that last week, TigerClaw, you would have really looked like a games analyst, but now...
I mean, I'm not surprised, because even if it wasn't on there, they could have easily just sideloaded it on there.
And GameGuru reminds us, OnLive already has a set-top box, you know, so it's already available out there.
True, I think their set-top box is like $50 too.
But at least this you'll get a set-top box that'll do that and other things.
It'd be cool if it was compatible with the on-live controllers.
I'm hoping that it's going to be compatible with any Bluetooth controller because then I can use my PS3 controller, which isn't getting a whole ton of use right now.
Except for browsing porn on the PS3.
Fizz Liz Giggle Time
So apparently now it's the Running Man and Giggle Fitz in PlayStation Home.
Summerfest.
Awesome.
I don't think the Carlton's one of the dances.
It might be.
You know what's great?
Tangent time.
You ready for a random Rob tangent?
They upgraded the Lotus Notes system at my work.
Yes, my work is one of the few that uses Lotus Notes as opposed to Outlooks, the other one, right?
So we use Lotus Notes.
And one of the huge new features is customizable emote icons.
So now when you do the instant message, you can have your own emote icons.
And one of the most popular ones right now that has been passed around at the workplace that we send to each other is the Carlton GIF when something goes well.
You can add any animated gif to the emoticon system, which is amazing.
Please tell me that you've added the table flipping or something.
I don't have a table flipping, but I have a cat jumping out a window.
It looks... It's a safe cat.
Don't worry.
It looks like a great distance, but it's not.
It's just like jumping into the backyard or something.
But it's funny.
All right.
Moving on.
Some things coming to... I feel bad that on the Sony PlayStation Home Night we have all this Microsoft news, but we do have some Sony news coming up a little later.
But this is an interesting experience on the Xbox 360.
There's some new TV...
TV Experiences coming later this year.
They are Connect Sesame Street TV, not to be confused with the game that already came out, and Connect National Geographic TV, which I think they're just calling Nat Geo, because I guess that's what the hip kids call it.
Nat Geo.
All right.
They will be $29.99, that's 2,400 Microsoft points, for eight 30-minute episodes.
Wow.
Apparently they are interactive TV shows, though.
They will be available at retail and Xbox Live under the season pass.
So I don't know how the interactive episode works, but I imagine maybe you'll like Sesame Street.
You interact with Kinect stuff.
That's interesting.
Elmo will tell you, hey, toss me my teddy bear, and you make the motion like you're tossing him a teddy bear.
And if you don't, it will still play on as well.
It's optional.
I gotta say, if I had kids, that does sound pretty rad.
It does sound pretty rad.
Have you thought about something like this for Josh?
I've definitely thought about it.
I may pick it up.
How does Nat Geo work?
I want to see the topless natives point.
I think it's animals, not topless natives.
It's more like, hey, can you spot the giraffe or something like that?
You'll be given a thing that you have to find.
I found it right there!
Trivia and stuff like that.
The other thing, too, is those are also rentable.
I was gonna get to that.
You can also buy the episodes individually for five bucks.
That's 400 Microsoft points.
September 18th is when this all starts.
Well, that's the purchase then.
Renting them is 240 Microsoft points each.
Interesting.
That might be worth checking out.
You should definitely put Josh to the test there and see if it happens.
It's hard to say if he'll... He probably won't know what to do.
He's still a little young.
If they tell him, hey, jump up and down, sing a song, he's just going to sit there and eat a cracker.
He's like, no, I'm not going to do that.
Skull King in PlayStation Home says, will this Sesame Street game be like Dora the Explorer?
If so, I'm down.
That's kind of how, yeah, that show works a little bit.
But it's like for real.
Maybe that'll be the next thing that comes to Kinect if these do well.
It's all about how well these do.
But Sesame Street, as iconic as it is, I imagine it's got to be pretty cheap to produce.
Yeah.
Since this is all PBS programming Fuck Dora the Explorer, she's on Nickelodeon You know what it's all about?
Fucking Carmen Sandiego, that's right Ghostwriter on there?
No, no, no Reading Rainbow I want LeVar Burton to read to me on my Xbox 360 in that sexy, sexy voice
Ah, PBS.
Mr. Rogers' Neighborhood.
Like, I know Mr. Rogers is long gone, but maybe a live interaction with King Friday.
And what was that lady's name?
She was kind of a bitch.
The lady that had the museum or something, the carousel.
Yeah, you lost me.
Somebody with me here.
Come on.
I have a shirt.
We were listening to the theme song yesterday.
Two elephants went out to play upon a spider's web one day.
Where the hell is my goddamn Bob Ross painting game that I was promised at the launch of the Wii?
Huh?
Please tell me you heard that new Bob Ross remix.
Yeah, it's alright.
It's nice.
Lady Elaine, thank you, DJ Morpheus.
I knew somebody in chat would know it.
Lady Jane?
Frisbee gives the full name.
Lady Elaine Fairchild.
That was it.
Lady Fairchild.
She was kind of a bitch.
What do you want?
make believe I don't give a fuck make believe I'm gonna kick your ass I make believe you weren't talking to me hold on sorry dead air but I'm trying to look up right now on the YouTubes if I can get a clip here oh fuck yes here we go
Oh, damn it, that's like a song or something.
That's a creepy puppet is what that is.
It had a picture on it, but... Is she a creepy puppet?
She was a creepy puppet!
Alright, forget it.
Although, maybe if that pop song's any good, I could put that in a VOG Network rotation.
Anyhow, let's move on with some more stories.
DarkSakura.
Well, how about a survival game called Pulse?
It's free!
And it was put out by the Vancouver Film School.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and the sounds they make help her see the world around her kind of you know daredevil like so she has sonar she has sonar by throwing fairies into the wall
and it's done by Pixel Pie team and it's very artsy, colorful, cartoony but it's very, very grim and actually they want to expand it beyond the free version but for now I think if you want to get it you can go to their official site which is teampixelpie as in 3.14 dot com
I'm going to get it when I get home.
I'm glad these students had time to produce this, you know.
And the site is really pretty.
I love the color scheme in this.
It really is just very different.
Well, congrats to the folks at Bear Cooper Films.
Well, there's another one, too.
Oh, really?
There's one called The Mask of Ki, QI, which is a third-person platformer that has a masked flying squirrel.
And it's done by Team Kronk.
And it's another freebie.
Alright, let's travel around the world and check out release dates of some more traditional retail games coming to a store near you this week.
Loki?
Not a lot of big things, but the couple big games that you'll probably be interested in, starting off with Risen 2 Dark Waters on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and I believe PC.
And then for 3DS owners, finally getting your copy of Kingdom Hearts Dream Drop Distance in 3D on 3DS.
You don't say.
Yes, I do say.
And...
I think that's pretty much it.
I mean, at least those are the big ones this week.
Well, the Kingdom Hearts game is kind of a big deal, so that's cool.
Yeah, that'd be it.
Oh, Growlancers.
I'm sorry.
Growlancer way far over time.
Forgot the Atlas PSP title.
All right, moving to Japan and checking out the release dates over there.
The Idolmaster 2 gets a price reduction this week on the Xbox 360.
That's not a new release, but if you like to save money, that will be going into effect this week.
On the PlayStation 3, things are a little more exciting when you have Tales of Vesperia also getting a price reduction and Tales of Graces F.
also getting a price reduction and Troy Musu getting a price reduction as well as Idolmaster 2.
There's lots of price reductions.
Oh, Battlefield Bad Company 2.
It's like a PlayStation 3 sale but sadly no new games to report on either of those systems this week in Japan.
Looking at the PlayStation Vita, there is a game called Momo Daisensu Gendaiban comes out this week in a regular and premium edition.
That's a game on the Vita.
I don't know if that's based off an anime or what, but it's from System Soft, and it kind of looks like these...
I have to randomly add that Chris always compliments your Japanese pronunciation.
He's always impressed by it.
Don't listen to early episodes of the show because it was a hot mess.
Never had a class.
Well, I did have Jamie sitting over here to slap me on the back of the head when I'd get one wrong.
I can't do it right.
Punch, punch, punch.
Put the emphasis on the wrong syllable.
On the 3DS this week, more exciting games like Smile Precure, Let's Go, Marchin' World.
Madagascar 3 and Wan Nyan Dobutsu Buyen 2 Sorry, that's not a Nyan cat game.
It just happens to have that in the name.
But there is a cat and a dog in it.
I thought for a second there was like Wan Nyan Midnight Maximum Toon or something like that.
A crazy drift racing Nyan cat starring Toons as the driving cat.
It would be awesome.
this actually looks super cute like it looks like a pet hospital kind of game because the front cover has all these you know this guy and ladies in like lab long white coats that you'd see veterinarians wear and it's all kitties and puppies and that guy in the back look oh my god this is perfect Shane if you're listening you need to see this dude in the back with blue hair holding a corgi that's like it's Shane it's Shane personified right there I'm gonna send him a link to this in case he's listening all right
Moving on.
I'm sorry, I'm busy calibrating.
Who are you, Garrus?
Let's do UK releases.
Okay, well, in the UK, I'm going to have to reload the page, but on the 30th, we have Orcs Must Die.
And now I have to go back to the top of the page and load it next month.
So, they freaking changed how their things work, so whatever.
Um, where's fucking August?
Fuck.
Okay, August.
I can't help it!
Stop judging me.
Okay.
On August 1st, Deadlight and Puddle.
On August 3rd, Risen 2, Dark Waters.
And then that's all.
And if there's anything else, I don't care.
Sorry, folks overseas, but DarkSakura doesn't care.
No, that's all that Eurogamer told me there was.
All right.
A couple more news stories.
I couldn't be bothered.
A couple more news stories for you guys.
And then the classic game of the week.
We're going to take a trip down memory lane and revisit a game from the past that you should check out because DarkSakura told you to.
But first, a couple more news stories.
In this case, because Dan told me to tell you to.
Loki.
Alright, so apparently GameStop CEO Paul Raines, he made a comment regarding the possibility of a used digital downloads format.
Basically, the whole lawsuit that happened in the UK kind of set an interest, well, it didn't really set a precedent, but it was interesting that they kind of favored towards that, that you should be able to get refunds for used games when you're done using them.
and many more.
and they kind of have a similar service on there where you can use GU to create PC licenses for different games.
And they say, no, we don't see a lot of interest in the model from our publishing partners.
but definitely something that they're interested in looking at when that time comes.
And I guess it makes sense if everything's going to go digital and stuff and they do eventually have a way to revoke licenses, which would be pretty cool.
I mean, especially some of the stuff I have on Steam and stuff.
If I could sell some of the things that I'm not playing and I got in some of these indie bundles, that would be kind of cool to trade it in for other things.
But, of course, if it has anything to do with used game sales, they're probably all over it.
You think this could work?
It could work, but it involves all the publishers having to agree on that kind of thing.
And that's kind of basically agreeing to having a used marketplace.
And isn't that what they're kind of trying to get rid of already?
Yeah.
So, that's... I don't think that this is ever going to...
You know, hit full force anytime soon There's a part of me that thinks a system like this is just begging to be hacked Like, I kind of think they might try to implement Well, then again, I don't know Steam works alright Like, they haven't been able to hack Steam, right?
But, I don't know Something like this just seems like it's begging to be worked around There's ways to hack games Not that I'm saying you should do it But it definitely is one of the things that's got to be giving publishers pause
I just think a lot of these systems are going to be closed.
And then the other thing too is like say I have a PS3 game or something like that and I want to trade my digital copy in for something.
What if I want to get a 360 game with that?
Am I going to be able to do that?
The system is going to be separate and you have different rules.
I mean there's a whole lot of things going on there.
And it's just  that's probably why this isn't  they're trying to get rid of used game sales.
They're not going to try to all of a sudden say 
Hey, yeah, we're gonna go digital, but we're bringing used games back.
That's not gonna happen.
I mean, come on, they're doing this to get people to buy new games in the first place.
They're not going to all of a sudden flip a 180 and just say, hey, by the way, used games are awesome.
No, that's not gonna happen.
All right, one more story for you guys here before the classic game of the week, and it has to do with Final Fantasy XIV.
Yes, we do want to do a little reporting on Final Fantasy XIV because, you know, very interesting MMO.
I mean, it wasn't that great when it came out.
Let's be real.
If you played it on PC, especially when it first came out, it was a really crap game.
There have been improvements since it first launched, and they're promising even more before the big launch on PlayStation 3 later this year.
Well, they now are officially calling it Final Fantasy XIV A Realm Reborn.
That is the version 2.0 of the game that's going to be coming out later this year.
I don't think it's coming out later this year.
Oh, really?
I have a TBA 2013 date right now for it.
Really?
Well, they did put out a trailer this week.
I haven't even watched this trailer yet, but I'm told there's no gameplay in it.
It's just CGI.
Really?
Final Fantasy trailer, no gameplay in it?
I know, right?
Color me shocked.
Apparently, a lot of this has to do with, like, it's basically Final Fantasy XIV Cataclysm.
I mean, look, you can see, and we're watching the trailer here, and you can probably hear a little bit of the audio coming through the feed.
But we're looking at, you know, missiles flying from the sky and basically destroying things.
You see all these, like, warriors suiting up and putting up shields.
But it's very obvious the world is being hit.
So that tells me that's their, you know, just like they did in World of Warcraft, that's their way to...
To change the look of the world and so forth But I gotta say, you know, CGI heavy or not, it looks great Of course the original trailer for XIV looked awesome I remember that original trailer at E3 gave me chills Just because I spent so many years with Final Fantasy XI I was like legit that excited And then when I played the game I had different type of chills So cold, so cold, it's so bad Why is this allowed to be released?
He touched me in a dirty place
But see, that looks pretty rad, doesn't it?
I don't know.
I'm just looking here at the end.
I'm trying to see if there's actually a date.
Nope, coming soon.
They don't have a date.
Coming soon to PlayStation 3 and PC.
December 31st, 2013 is what the placeholder date is right now, which means TBA 2013.
If it's TBA 2012, then yeah, maybe later this year, but...
Akuma JP says, Meteo, maybe that's a reference to what you might be seeing there in the trailer.
Very interesting thought.
Monty Boggs says, Final Fantasy, the new 52, in parentheses, online players via PlayStation 3.
I see what you did there.
Yeah, AkumaJP is putting it together saying there's a red meteor in the sky, so he thinks it's gonna involve Meteor.
I gotta say, Final Fantasy XIV, at least the look of it fits in very well with the series.
It's just kind of, you know, a bummer the game was kind of crap.
Final Fantasy XI, a game reborn into Final Fantasy Version 2.
Alright, look, let's take a step back to a time when games are a lot more simple.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
DarkSakura.com
You can basically have as many vehicles as you want to complete the rally, but you have to have gas.
In the arcade, the Sega, and the Lynx version, you could start the game at a higher rally and get more opportunities to jump levels.
And you can continue the game from where you left off, but you only have one chance to complete the 50th and final rally.
So you have fuel, four ways that you can get in this game by green globes, red globes, a checkpoint, and the rally point.
Green globes are on the road and they fill your main tank.
Red globes are getting by shooting enemies on the road.
And after you complete the rally, you get an extra fuel reserve depending on how many enemies you destroy.
So you get fuel by blowing shit up.
Each consecutive kill shot increases your multiplier one up to ten, and a miss lowers your multiplier by one.
So, whatever your multiplier is that when you cross the line, you get that much fuel.
So... Excuse me, I just finished my coffee.
Wow, girl.
Shut up.
It's your coffee.
Like I said, you have a checkpoint, a midway point, where when you cross that line, you actually get the amount of fuel in the main tank restored to what it was at the beginning of the rally.
But your reserve tank is not restored, so it's just basically like you get a quick fill-up.
Quick fill-up.
So you've got different cars in there.
You have the Stingers, which are orange.
Command cars, which are purple.
They have bulletproof bumpers and must be killed by a cruise missile or an electro shield.
You have Cycles, Rat Jeeps.
They come in from the left.
Stop and swerve to the right.
So basically, they're like knights in chess.
Gun turrets, you have mines on the road, you cannot destroy them, but you get alarms that let you know where they are.
And toxic spells.
You get special weapons, you get the UZ Cannon.
It's a rapid fire gun that does not deplete your multiplier, but they have limited ammo.
You have a cruise missile, which kaboom, you get three missiles.
Nitro Inject, which increases your speed from 210 to 298 kilometers per hour.
What is this British game?
Electro Shield, which lets you drive through the enemy unharmed for a short distance and you get three to a pack.
Um, they wanted, though, now this is a little bit of information about the production, which actually this little bit, I did not know.
The creators wanted to have an electronic version of Mr. Sandman to play on one of the levels, but they never put it in.
That's kind of weird.
No, that is weird.
Um, it had a promo with the original arcade game where you could send in your score when all 50 levels are completed to get a free Road Blasters t-shirt.
Um, it had a toy tie-in by Matchbox so you get die-cast, um, cars that can be customized with armor, lasers, machine guns, rocket launchers, and jet engines.
There were the Turbo Force and the Motor Lords.
During the gameplay you get a slightly robotic sounding female voice that gives you advice.
And it has different phrases including hit it and eat lead road hog.
And when you use your nitro inject you get now that's cruising.
A guy with a last name that I can't pronounce.
I'm guessing it's a Polish name.
Stan Szczepanski holds the official Guinness World Record for Road Blaster.
At 2,216,120 points.
If you beat this, we'll give you some air.
And that's it.
Road Blasters.
All right.
Good classic game of the week.
I remember many bowling alley trips to play Road Blasters, among other things.
All right, let me shut up.
Okay, be quiet, Road Blasters.
We're done with you for now.
All right.
We're going to take a quick break, guys.
We're not done.
We're just going to take a little break to rest ourselves.
Bathroom break and what have you.
More coffee for DarkSakura.
No, break.
Or whatever she might need.
Garrus Break.
We will be back though in about six minutes with more, or if you're listening to us on the podcast, we'll be back in like six seconds with more of Orange Lounge Radio and of course we got the Rapid Fire News.
We've got your phone calls, your tweets, your emails, and Lord knows what else from Marissa.
In just about six minutes here live at the VOG Network or the Voice of Geeks Network.
We'll be back after this with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Don't go anywhere.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio, the show where every gamer has a voice.
We are live here on July the 29th of 2012 with the 467th episode of our show already in progress.
Big night tonight.
I was laughing so hard in part A that it hurts.
And if you have no idea what I'm talking about, I guess you'll have to tune into the podcast later, which Marissa will not be plugging on her Facebook, just for the record.
But Marissa is in studio joining us tonight.
Above all else, having a good time, I hope so.
Yes.
Not just Marissa having a good time with our show, but the folks participating in PlayStation Home Summerfest, the fan event going on right now.
We are in the Aurora 1.5 space, but to make sure you're in the right instance, you do want to make sure you follow somebody there.
I think Home Event Bot is no longer in there, if I was looking correctly earlier, but you could follow Black Wolf.
He is in there right now.
and so am I, GreenSky with IE at the end.
You can follow either one of us into the appropriate event space there.
It looks like Tigerclaw's in there as well.
So hopefully you can follow a friend into PlayStation Home.
It has thinned out a little bit.
It is getting later and later on the East Coast and some people have some other things to do tonight.
But to all you that are still there dancing and chatting along there...
a big thank you to staying up late with us here at the Voice of Geeks Network and listening to Orange Lounge Radio Black Wolf is in VOG chat and he's in the PlayStation Home space right now saying they are bubbling me in home now I don't want to know what that means
We're bubbling somebody, isn't it?
I don't know.
Is it what the floor was doing?
No, the floor makes those pretty effects.
I don't know.
All right, I'm being told to pick a number between 1 and 100 and say it on the air for another Blender giveaway.
He was awesome enough to give something away during... R!
The letter R will not work.
He was awesome enough to give something away during the Bobby Blackwell show and he's giving something away now.
Who knows what it could be, but I will let the lovely Marissa, because she's here tonight, pick that number between 1 and 100.
Marissa, what's it going to be?
3.
3!
She's lowballing it.
Alright, 1 and 100.
Please don't make any references to balls with me after the first one.
3 balls, Marissa?
Marissa, 3 balls?
Really?
All right.
Three it is.
That's the magic number.
Good luck.
Hope it's you.
I don't know.
I don't know what that's going to pick, but Blender will let us know.
All right.
Meanwhile, we're going to get back into some rapid fire news and some quick news stories.
And then the Fugo question of the week.
And I'll explain that for those that are new to the show.
I do want to once again welcome any new listeners we might have this week because of Summerfest or whatever.
If you don't know Orange Lounge Radio, we've been around for 10 years, believe it or not.
We started this show back in 2002, in June of 2002.
It was back then a show we created in support of the music gaming community, especially games like Dance Dance Revolution, Beatmania, Bust a Move or Bust a Groove, depending on what country you're from.
That whole series, everything music game related, especially DDR was the big arcade game DarkSakura, Loki, and myself all met playing DDR, if you can believe it At a place called Golfland, or sometimes we'd go to the bowling alley Or we'd drive all the way to Stockton, Loki Remember, we'd drive all the way to Stockton, Golfland to play DDR 5th Mix when they had that
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
and talk some shit but you guys get to talk with us in the chat room via Skype via the mailbag and all of that good stuff and we really do care about what you guys have to say and that's why we call it the show where every gamer has a voice anyhow alright after that little reintroduction just for the folks new to our show tonight let's go to some rapid fire news and talk some shit Loki
I'm good at that, you know, talking shit and stuff.
So let's talk about one of my games that I'm very happy about, Grand Theft Auto 3.
Coming back to the PlayStation on the PlayStation Network.
Has it down a little title.
And it will be coming this Tuesday.
And that is the first of the kind of, you know, PlayStation 2 Grand Theft Auto games.
So pretty awesome.
It's going to be $10.
So check that out if you can.
or if you're like me, buy the old copy because I have an original Playstation 3 rub it in, rub it in, rub it in so I can play my original copy of Grand Theft Auto San Andreas with hot coffee can't wait you know what I'm waiting for, speaking of Grand Theft Auto aside from 5 where the fuck is Retro City Rampage I want that game now
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I didn't talk about this during my gaming week because it's not really a game, but we finally went and saw Batman on Tuesday, and they played a trailer for that.
They played a video game trailer before the movie, which I thought was interesting.
You know how movie theaters do this now?
I'm sure every movie theater in America does this now.
You go to the movie, and before the trailers start, there's just the 20 minutes of basically commercials that they call, I don't know, what is it, First Look or The 20 or something, where it's just...
It's just commercials.
Gotta get here to see our advertisements.
That's right.
Get here early and see our ads.
Yeah, you consumer whore.
And they were showing a trailer for that Modern Warfare 2.
And Alan leans over to me and goes, this looks bad.
What is this?
This doesn't look good.
And I'm like, it's a shoot-em game, honey.
You wouldn't like it.
It's a great game.
He doesn't know what he's talking about.
No, seriously, the new one's actually being, you know, kind of ties in with Batman because it's being written by the guy that did... Yes, I was in the ads.
And so...
It looks good.
There's some new stuff that they're adding.
It'll be the first Modern Warfare game that I'm actually going to get at launch.
I'm finally caught up.
Except it's not really Modern Warfare.
I mean, it's Future Warfare.
Anyways, so let's talk a little bit about arcade games.
And I actually have Rumblefish on my arcade cabinet.
I haven't really played a whole ton of it, but I have it emulated.
And it was a game that was on Sammy's Autonomous Way, or was it
Atomos Wave, Arcade Hardware.
They had a lot of other stuff like Dolphin Blue and stuff.
And it was a fighting game.
It was pretty awesome.
Well, Dimps, the company behind it, I guess, picked up the rights to it.
And now they're going to be re-releasing it on consoles.
Or not consoles, I'm sorry, in arcades.
And they're bringing Rumble Fish 2 to arcades.
Which was in 2005.
And now it's coming back.
And I guess it's on this new, was it Nessica Live?
Or Nessica Cross Live?
It's kind of a streaming platform, but it's a platform where arcade owners can actually download games to cabinets.
Kind of...
Digital download of arcade games.
That's interesting.
I'm surprised that's only just now becoming a thing because that makes an awful lot of sense.
I forgot a shout out I wanted to do at Startup Part B. I'm so sorry.
This is so important.
I'm so pissed I didn't get to go this year.
I mean, I'm just juggling priorities.
Dan went.
Yeah, California Extreme was this weekend, and I got sent pictures and video, and apparently they had a full-on Chuck E. Cheese animatronic, I don't know if it was Chuck E. Cheese, but one of the likes, animatronic band that would sit there and creepily play songs, because I got sent a video of one.
I should show this to Marissa.
That's awesome.
Right.
So, I mean, you never really think of that because there's a lot of Chuck E. Cheese's that have closed down or just upgraded and stuff.
I hope I didn't get that wrong, but it's that style.
I would love to have the old Bullwinkle's stuff.
Maybe that's what this is.
I don't know.
Anyway, I'm going to hand that to Marissa.
Hit play and hold it so that Loki can see it too.
That way you guys can kind of check that out.
That's why I was sent from California Extreme.
and they're singing Total Eclipse of the Heart.
That is pretty amazing.
That would give me nightmares.
Neil sent that there.
I would just put that out in my front yard all year round.
He had a matronic band.
It's Halloween, put a fucking pumpkin in front of them.
It's Christmas, put Santa hats on them.
So shout out to California Stream.
I'm so sorry I couldn't make it this year.
The shadow casting was this weekend too.
You know what would only make that thing better?
Huh?
If they would fucking just, you know...
I have arcade hardware I guess I could download games to.
Not entirely legally, but you know.
Still, that's a cool idea, I guess.
Alright, and then of course, this is kind of cool.
I know a game that we kind of liked a while back.
Puzzle Quest.
They put out a couple games and kind of disappeared.
But now Puzzle Quest is coming back.
Apparently this is kind of... Because Firement, the company that put out the game, I guess they...
Firemint is now putting out the game because they purchased Infinite Interactive which was the original creator of the game and so now it's coming back Puzzle Quest 2 is pretty awesome and it was on like every system out there and I'm not talking about the Galactic one that didn't do so well but the actual Puzzle Quest 2 was really good Puzzle Quest is a pretty cool game I wasn't a fan of the Galactic one but I would be down for more of the old Puzzle Quest
Puzzle Pirates Puzzle Pirates
Alright, I got a couple stories for you guys here.
First one is about New Super Mario Bros.
2.
Did you know it had a working title called New Super Mario Bros.
Gold?
In fact, that was supposed to be the name.
And you know, they've kind of been saying this a lot.
Even at E3 when they were talking about it.
What does Mario love more than anything?
Gold coins!
And this new game's all about coins.
Smoke and shrooms.
Well, apparently, it was about, excuse me, it was so much a part of the game that it was originally going to be called New Super Mario Bros.
Gold.
But yeah, they went back and called it New Super Mario Bros.
Gold.
But they were worried that too many people would think it's just, you know, cheapy or a cheap rehash of the first one.
Yeah.
Thanks for watching!
A comment from Crytek is our next story about the Wii U. We've been getting more and more developers commenting on this.
Producer Mike Reed mentioned that Crytek is talking about working with Nintendo.
A version of Crysis 3 for Wii U should not be ruled out.
He would not confirm if it's in development or not, but it's sounding pretty likely.
Here's a quote from ComputerVideoGames.com.
Thank you for watching!
I mean, come on.
Their hardware is pretty much on par with the current consoles.
It's not that hard to port that over.
I mean, they're porting other games over.
So, yes, of course there's going to be that.
I think what the stipulation is going to be, what's Nintendo require from these people putting out stuff for their platform?
Are they making them, hey, you've got to have some unique gameplay that involves their tablet.
And them figuring out, well, how are we going to...
GameStop, Target, some of them have the console backordered
Some best buys and so forth are just now getting stock in again.
Here's the thing, though.
Most people are drawing from this that either Nintendo's about to do a new holiday bundle, so they're trying to get rid of what's on shelves now, or this is in preparation for the Wii U. They might be trying to clean out the old stuff a little bit to make room for the Wii U. Loki, any insider thoughts from your perspective?
Well...
I haven't seen a lot of demand for the systems.
I would think if they're trying to clear out stock that they wouldn't be on backorder.
They would be in plentiful supply because they're trying to get rid of them.
I don't think Nintendo is sitting on consoles right now.
It could just be that they're switching production from...
Who knows how long it's going to be.
I'm assuming that they've got to start producing these consoles, so maybe they're starting to switch over some of those manufacturers that are doing the Wii to making the Wii U system instead, just to get prepared.
DarkSakura's Stories GameGuru Why isn't Wario the villain here?
He loves coins.
Golf clap, golf clap
DarkSakura.com
So there's two different DLC packs.
One of them, like I said, is the Disney Princesses.
The costume pack one has Aurora, Cinderella, Jasmine, and Snow White.
And then the second one is Belle, Tiana, Rapunzel, and Ariel.
Yay.
Then, we have some information about Dance Central 3.
We have the songs that are going to be out on it.
As some of these people, I really do not know who they are.
I mean, some of them I do.
To anyone, whoever the fuck that is, I am the best.
We have Alice DJ, Better Off Alone.
Fucking love that song.
I love that song.
JJ Fad, Lil Jon and the East Side Boys featuring Yin Yang Twins, whatever.
LMFAO, Los Del Rio.
We have Maroon 5 with moves like Jagger.
I actually really like that song.
We have Ice Ice Baby.
We have Vicky Sue Robinson, Turn the Beat Around, and Village People YMCA.
Whatever happened to Alice DJ?
That was like my college years right there.
Alice DJ is better off alone.
Apparently.
And then, last but never least, the Nintendo 3DS XL UK price.
This is going to be $179.99.
Again, that's in pounds.
So, Tesco's, however, will be offering the device for 175 pounds.
So, you want it cheap, get it at Tesco's.
Game, one more, has a trade-in deal that for $79.99 you can trade in an old boxed 3DS and get the 3DS XL.
So that's that.
Not bad.
Not bad, not bad.
All right, moving on.
We have a segment we always do here on Orange Lawns Radio called the Fugle Question of the Week.
You might be asking yourself...
What the hell is a foogle?
Put Facebook and Google Plus together and you get foogle.
That is what it is.
We ask a question each week in our Facebook and Google Plus communities and you guys answer it.
Here's this week's question.
There's a couple betas going on right now, including Guild Wars 2, LittleBigPlanet Karting, and Sony PlayStation All-Stars Battle Royale, just to name a few.
Have you ever made a decision whether or not to buy a game based off the beta?
Considering that betas are unfinished products, do you think that it was a fair decision, or should a company not put it out there if it's not ready to be judged?
I thought it was a good question, not just because I thought of it.
So let's get to some of these comments here.
I want to start with Google Plus tonight.
And yes, there are people posting on Google Plus.
A quick impression of Google Plus.
Hello!
Hello, hello!
No, we have two comments from Google Plus tonight.
There's at least two people using Google+.
Some weeks we get four.
Alright, Redertainment says, No, but I did buy cakes prolonging the magic after listening to Alpha Beta Parking Lot.
Is he plugging something?
I don't know.
Had nothing to do with the question, sir.
However, FlacoJones responded saying,
Yeah, that was a beta that ended up being pretty accurate, I gotta say.
Good reminder, FlacoJones.
Going to Facebook for some of the comments from Facebook.
Amanda, Amanda R says, I've played in betas that were out only a couple weeks before game release, and by this time, these are mostly finished products with only minor tweaks being made.
I've made the decision to not buy a game when it came out because the beta was just not fun and with that close to the release not enough changes were going to be made to change the game in any significant way Cody T says I've played betas of a million games and I think I've bought most I think betas are more for the developer than for the consumer it's a cheap way to see exactly what is wrong with the game by the best judge us and it's a way for the gamer to be involved in the actual development of the game
Nick M responds saying I believe a public or large closed beta is the only responsible decision for game companies if their game relies heavily on multiplayer due to the large amount of problems that will often otherwise show their head on launch day however more often than not betas talk me out of buying games that I'm already on the fence about
Boshka responded and said, Yes, the only game I have ever done it for is a game that's actually free when it comes out, Path of Exile.
Think Diablo 2 with new features and updated graphics.
I donated $10 not only to get a second beta key for a friend, but because I love what they're doing with that game.
If I could get more, I would.
Blizzard should take some notes on how to make a good action RPG.
Ooh, sick burn.
I think it's fair.
People have to learn what a beta is for.
It's not a demo.
You're testing buggy code.
You're testing builds that are normally four to five builds behind what the devs have.
Some games basically require betas based on the sheer size.
For example, in the Mists of Pandaria beta, they changed one ability for a boss fight and the next thing you know, there's an elevator coming out of the ground on another continent.
if the company says before that it's not a demo it's a beta I think that is completely fair if you don't get the difference you're not the type of tester they want anyway a long but good comment from Boshka let's see
Wicked says,
Sometimes the game does not live up to the overhype that sometimes follows certain open betas, or some good games could easily be overlooked due to negative reactions to betas.
So while betas can easily help a game's development, it could easily skew the game's anticipation in the public eye.
And lastly, Chiggers responds saying, I've bought games based on the demos.
Does that count?
Demos are a little different than betas.
I think kind of going back to the other points, like betas are put out there because they're not supposed to be demos.
They're supposed to be tests for the developers.
But kind of where I was trying to go with the question is that a lot of people look at betas as demos in this day and age.
Is that fair or should the developers be real and realize that's how most people are going to view it?
Anyhow, thanks for all those answers on Facebook at Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
I didn't read them all, so please go check out the post to read some of the other great insights from this week.
Really appreciate it, guys.
Sorry I couldn't read them all, but it's only a three-hour show.
All right.
Oh, by the way, X-Link giving me the update in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com.
Here's what happened to Alice DJ.
Quote, after the group went their separate ways, Prank decided to move on to other ventures by putting her music career aside to become a makeup artist and beauty fashion consultant.
I remember the video.
She was a very hip looking gal.
I remember that.
They actually had like two videos for that song, Better Off Alone.
Anyhow.
Well, I learned something tonight about Alice DJ.
Who knew?
I've learned about pornography and I've learned about Alice DJ.
Marissa's hiding her head.
This is adorable.
Loki!
What do you got for us next in other gaming news?
All right.
So let's talk a little bit about Rock Band.
And this is kind of funny because...
I don't know if you guys remember, a couple months back we had a scare where, hey, guess what?
You know Rock Band that you purchase on iOS and stuff like that?
It's being delisted.
It's being taken away.
And you know that game you just purchased?
Well, now it's going to be completely useless because you're not going to be able to get anything anymore for it.
And it's just going to be gone.
Well, and you may remember that they came out and said, oh, no, no, no.
That's not happening.
That message was sent an error.
Well, the error was that
It was sent two months early because now, yes, they are actually delisting the game.
Well, I don't think people were mad that the game was being delisted.
I mean, whatever.
People are pissed if it wouldn't work anymore.
That was the original, like, scare campaign going around is that, ha ha, you just bought this game and none of your DLC or anything's going to work anymore.
LOL, bye.
But that doesn't appear to be the case.
If they're just pulling it from the store, then whatever.
Well, they're pulling basically the Rock Band iOS game and Rock Band Reloaded iOS game and I think all the DLC for it as well.
Yes, you will not be able to purchase any more DLC for it.
And that's supposed to happen effective July 31st, so a couple days from now.
Well, yeah.
As a musician, which actually just means unemployed.
With regard to the music games, especially guitar players, games like Guitar Hero, especially at the time, at its height, really enraged musicians.
They got so angry, especially since a lot of people were misinformed and they...
I've even heard a lot of people ignorantly at GameStop believing that it could teach you how to play guitar.
However, my friend's mother ended up winning a free copy of Rocksmith, so we played it.
That was actually one where they gave you an XLR cable and you could actually plug in your guitar to the Xbox.
That actually was a pretty good game.
You plug in your own guitar to it.
I had guitar players play it and they actually found it challenging and interesting and it actually accurately presented theory and things like that.
I'm glad you said that.
You didn't know this before you said that, but I usually have to refrain from comment on that game because a really good friend of mine knows somebody that's a big part of the development of that game.
So I usually don't try to avoid the topic on the show because of conflict, but I'm glad you said that.
I'm sure that'll make somebody very happy to know that.
Yeah, I didn't get that far into the game, but I enjoyed it, and I think that, you know, it's not going to turn you into a virtuoso, but I mean, you know, if you're too cheap to go get lessons immediately, it's a good place to start, just to get a very basic foundation, and it's fun.
yeah I understand that game does have kind of quite a bit of like a cultish audience I don't want to sound like but like a lot of the makeup of I think who's into that game is kind of like people who are rediscovering getting into music maybe at a later age like it's not like kids and teenagers and so forth playing it that rock band tends to skew towards like college parties and stuff but like Rocksmith is like 30 somethings who always wanted to learn to play an instrument that never did I wasn't familiar with that I wish that they had I guess it didn't that's my impression it's not like just my impression of it
I guess, you know, my understanding is, you know, it didn't blow up necessarily.
But, I mean, I wish that it had a wider library of music.
You know, it started to when it came out.
They started releasing stuff all the time.
But I wish it had more, you know.
But, you know, that's just selfishly because I think it'd be fun to play.
Well, they do DLC pretty regularly.
And you're in luck because they have Rocksmith and Bass.
Or Guitar and Bass coming out this October.
Yeah.
You don't need a game to teach you bass.
I'm kidding.
I'm kidding, actually.
It does require talent.
Just not a lot.
Don't be a retarded monkey.
No, actually, no.
I have friends like Freebo.
I have friends who are excellent bass players.
And all the running musicians joke, making fun of bass players.
Good times.
Good times.
Are you a fan of Green Day?
I like Green Day, but let's be real.
A lot of their songs are kind of like the same chord over and over, and it cracked me up because he was sitting there.
He's going to be the guy that's lead singer of that band.
He's going to be one of the, not like a judge, but like a mentor or something on The Voice.
But he's working with Christina Aguilera.
And I don't know why, but I found that to be like the funniest thing I'd heard all week.
Okay, you're not going to appreciate this, but any other musicians listening to this and the band that now knows my embarrassing past that I've told to tune into will appreciate this.
Green Day is kind of like the Creedence Clearwater of their time.
I know that sounds obtuse.
But there's always this joke that Creedence Clearwater's songs and John Fogarty's songs only require three chords to play.
There is something to be said about Green Day's later artistic merit.
There are things to be appreciated about it, but do I think that they should be held in that high of a regard?
No.
I'm not a member of the cult, though.
I appreciate some of the things that they've done, but I'm not a cult member or anything.
You know, and it's amazing where they've come, you know, singing songs about acne and masturbation to... With guitars that were out of tune.
To, like, commentary on President Bush and so forth.
Exactly.
And that Broadway play.
They've come so... Oh, God.
Marissa, you all right over there?
I like, you know, like, Green Day songs with, you know, fussy moves.
Stan in our chatroom, you are spurring some music discussion in our chatroom.
Stan says, same with Hanson.
Mbop is only three chords.
They didn't even have three hits.
They had like 30 babies between them all, though.
What was that old joke?
Yeah, the girl at Hanson's pretty cute.
No, they're actually all evangelicals.
That's all really weird.
That means Justin Bieber is like the Hanson of our time, basically.
Doesn't Justin Bieber have his own video game now, too?
Oh, God, I hope not.
People don't understand.
Teenage girls are stupid.
I said this is a former teenage girl.
As one who was once a teenage girl, I have authority on this subject.
I do.
I mean, granted, I never had bought posters on my wall or anything.
No, no, no, no, dear.
This is what you get for being younger than me.
I had new kids on the block.
Everyone can shut up.
The kids at my school called me Daria.
So I was very much the anti that.
But the thing that people don't get about this, and of course, yes, it's interesting how the media will exploit everything when it comes to a tween star like this, including the areas of video games and apps and all this crap.
But it's just...
just they just found a boy to fill the slot of cute teenage boy singing songs to seduce it could have been anyone you know they just to just put him in the spot and they put the marketing you know movement behind him and done it could have been anybody had nothing to do with who Justin Bieber is nothing sorry
I just opened Pandora's box.
If Katy Perry gets her own movie, I should have my own quadruple sequel and then miniseries and TV shows.
Let's face it, she got the movie because of her titties.
I mean, she has some cute songs, blah, blah, blah, but mainly it's because she's beautiful, you know, and people like talking about her boobies, apparently.
And Elmo.
So, I deserve my own series.
You should be a Star Trek next to that.
You should be like four TV series, what is it, like nine movies and fanfic.
Yeah, if her movies alone get her a movie, I deserve so much more.
Yeah.
But then, here's what fascinates me.
Katy Perry has some catchy songs, whatever.
When you're drunk at a gay bar, you don't care.
Oh, Katy Perry!
I love her!
She's a big marketing team, too.
She's kind of a tool.
But then, you have LCD Sound System had their big farewell thing and all that.
What did they get?
They got a Fathom event.
They got like
They're movies like one night only at the local cinema.
Life is not fair.
Before the Metropolitan Opera, you know, movie theater night, you know.
Poor guys.
All right.
Anyhow.
Actdeft in our chat room says, Marissa, the movie 2, Electit Bubalu.
That should be the name of your next album.
All right.
Moving on.
That's how Katy Perry sells shit.
I can do it too.
You just, you just, you gotta get out of the Lilith Fair and get into the pop music.
You just need to...
Just whine about a boy who broke up with you years ago or something.
Just sing about Dave Coulier.
Insult the women that actually are gay and can't help it and pretend to be a lesbian to amuse men.
It's great.
Get in a pillow fight.
Braid somebody's hair.
Freeze someone's bra.
We used to do that.
Dip a bra in orange juice and put it in the freezer for the first girl who fell asleep.
That's hot.
Keep talking.
All right.
Moving on.
Okay.
This is bad because we're going to go from such humorous, happy discussions to really unfortunate situations.
I'm about to Debbie Downer the show a little bit and talk about some layoffs.
Stop laughing, Marissa.
Inappropriate.
No, this news really does suck.
Maybe we should skip this story.
Go, go.
Read it already.
We need variety.
Uh-oh, Marissa's choking.
All right.
Serious face.
Microsoft laid off a small, as they put it, number of positions at their Vancouver-based development studio.
This is because Project Columbia, whatever this was, we don't know what the real name was, it got canceled.
It's off the books now.
It was supposed to be an educational Connect title.
It was going to educate young people.
It was going to pair books with music and illustrations.
I guess it had something to do with the Sesame Workshop as well.
That doesn't necessarily mean it was a Sesame Street game, but it sounds like it was something that was kind of geared towards kids.
or the like Wonderbook Connect and then they saw the Wonderbook presentation like wow that looks like shit and then they're like woo scrap that perhaps but layoffs are never good news especially also when they hit Warner Brothers Seattle also had some layoffs hit them this week they were currently working on Lord of the Rings Guardians of Middle Earth and if you might be thinking to yourself god they're still making Lord of the Rings games well there's a Hobbit movie coming out at the end of the year you might have heard of it it's a big deal
So yeah, moolah moolah.
Unfortunately, not enough moolah, apparently.
Layoffs hit the studio once back in November that was supposed to be 60 people, and a statement from WB says, quote, due to shifting business imperatives, Warner Brothers Games Seattle has made staff reductions.
The group will continue to remain an integral part of Warner Brothers Interactive Entertainment.
Yikes.
Now, since I would like to end with a little bit of a positive...
ID Software, ID Software, you know, they made like Doom and shit.
Okay, they are actually hiring right now.
They are hiring on their website for a UI programmer job for, quote, an unannounced game on future generation consoles.
So could it be something that is a sequel to one of the past franchises?
Possibly, because the listing actually says, quote, familiarity with ID Software games, characters, brands, and universes.
DarkSakura
Okay, well, in other news... How about something about that PlayStation All-Stars crap that's coming out?
Oh, you think it's crap?
I don't know.
That's how you really feel.
Actually, we're gonna have beta.
Somebody we know very well has been in the beta.
We're gonna have beta impressions in a little bit.
I'm not necessarily going to call it crap.
I'm going to call it potential crap.
So there are some people who have gone through the data files for PlayStation All-Stars Battle Royale and has nine stages, eight characters, and a bunch of other stuff.
What we have is a Bioshock Infinite stage, Sir Daniel Fortescue from Medieval, Dante from Devil May Cry, Spike from Ape Escape, Raiden from Metal Gear Solid, Nariko from Heavenly Sword, and we've got David Hader saying he's recording dialogue.
Dante, Evil Cole, Nariko, Raiden, Sackboy, Ratchet & Clank, Sir Daniel Fortescue, Spike Atomizer
the Balmusu Axe, Boots of Hermes, Freeze Missile, Golf Club from Hot Shots Golf, Gravity Shield from Wipeout, Hedgehog Grenade, the Dovat Laser Designator, Leech Beam, Murder of Crows from Bioshock, Railgun, Razor Claws, RPG, Scythe, Spear, Sonic Rift, and Sackbot.
and then supporting characters as in Minions, Captain Quark, Kai from Heavenly Sword, Kat from Devil May Cry, Kia, Monkey from Ape Escape, Nyx, Pierre from Doko Demo Isho, Sackbot, and Sam from Metal Gear Rising.
And then it says, there's like just a bunch of modes, but as far as stage goes, there's Alden's Tower, Black Rock Stadium, Columbia, Franzia from Loco Roco.
That actually looks pretty neat.
Isn't Franzia boxed wine as well?
No, that's Franzia.
This is Franzia.
Oh, my bad.
Marissa and I think alike.
Tip it!
Tip it, Kathleen, tip it!
We think like old 50-year-old... I'm sorry, I think of Kathy Griffin.
I do too.
San Francisco from Resistance, Stowaways from Uncharted, Time Station from Ape Escape.
So yeah, I'm most excited about LocoRoco stage, really.
And all these were hacked from files from the beta.
Yes.
Hacker's gonna hack.
Exactly.
People should know that by now.
Hack like what?
I'm looking forward to playing as Parappa.
I think the game looks fun.
Yeah.
I'll let the person who's gonna review the beta in a minute here, which we just talked about.
You shouldn't do that, but hey.
And that is, I believe, against the end-user license agreement, or was it the confidentiality agreement?
This... We ain't the ones gonna get sued over it.
Ain't our asses.
It's not me.
It's not me playing it.
I got a special tipster.
We'll break out the voice disguiser and the shadow everything so they aren't identified.
Well, this person's using someone else's beta.
So it's even like... I know, right?
Anyhow.
Moving on.
Loki.
I wish I was in a beta test for that game.
Looks awesome.
I was like, give me the logon and password so I can get into... So there was a hack that was demonstrated by a Russian hacker using basically a way to spoof the Apple Store servers to allow him to make free in-app purchases.
and DarkSakura.
In other words, it's going to slow everything down.
So thank you for ruining it for everybody.
Appreciate that.
Of course, it's going to require that these people that publish these apps are going to need to update their apps with a new API for it.
I don't know how they're going to... How's that really going to work?
Like, say, for example, I use that glitch or whatever or that exploit to purchase a bunch of tower bucks or something in Tiny Tower and then I spend all of them.
How are you going to take that away?
I mean, I don't see how it's going to work.
I don't think you can at that point.
I don't think for consumables like that, I don't think you can actually do anything.
I see, like, okay, if I purchase, you know, songs from Rock Band or something like that, it's going to check to make sure that I actually purchased those and then go from there, but
Thanks for watching!
Sonic and All-Stars Racing Transformed
He's basically implying that the characters could be different depending on which platform you purchase the game on.
Quote,
Over all the different platforms, this totals up to 29 actual playable choices.
But that doesn't mean there are 29 playable choices in all platforms.
In fact, no single platform has all 29.
Some drop down to the low 20s, some instead have high 20s.
Why is this?
Well, some platforms have characters that are unique to that platform.
I'm not going to say which, that's part of the fun of the reveals.
Some are Sega characters, some are not.
Don't bother asking.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
And I believe the reason why it's exclusive on the Nintendo platforms is also they're kicking in some money for marketing as well for the Activision game.
So it makes sense.
It does.
It does.
All right.
Well, let's take a look at our mailbag.
Yeah.
Every week, DarkSakura dives into the mailbag headfirst and reads a few emails for you.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com Now, DarkSakura, when you weren't here last week, there was like eight emails sent to the show.
So we only read half of them and we saved the other half for you.
Well, there's three that I saw.
These might be the leftovers from last week.
Okay.
Well, this is July 22nd, so...
Um, greetings OLR, it's your friendly neighborhood turtle.
I just wanted to share how much I love Steam sales and boo to Origin.
As someone who doesn't need many games on release days, I always wait for the Steam sales.
I can't wait for this holiday.
If you want, please share the damage that Steam did to each of you.
You're a loyal turtle in Philly, serious turtle.
And I think I just bought Borderlands, that's all.
We ended up actually talking about the Steam sale last week a little bit, so I'll kind of point you back to that show.
But DarkSakura, that was the only damage it did to you, was Borderlands?
Yeah, pretty much.
Well, we'll have to play together sometime.
I have to actually install it.
Marissa, you ever use Steam?
I know you're not a huge, huge gamer girl, but you like the adventure games.
I gotta say, Steam is a good place to look for some of the newer stuff if you're into adventure games.
I don't know.
I have not, but I probably should because I have the same recommendation as well.
Yeah, because some of that stuff goes on sale like dirt cheap sometimes.
They actually have a LucasArts pack.
Something's missing from it.
Oh yeah, Maniac Mansion because that was the Maniac Mansion sequel was the game of the week last week.
and because we let Alan pick when you were out and he picked the Day of the Tentacle and that was one of the LucasArts games that's missing from that pack.
But you can get, I think it has like Loom and some of the other things that DarkSakura has picked in the past.
That's one of the big things on there.
So, yeah, pretty cool.
All right.
Oh yes, next email.
The subject is Garrus.
And it starts off, Garrus.
Hello sentient creatures.
There is a media event that I'm sure you are aware of.
This is something that people have been eagerly anticipating and have been looking forward to for a while.
I'm also sure that many of us out there saw this media event.
However, there are some of us who haven't seen the media event or have yet to see this media event in its entirety.
It is for this reason that I email you today.
Please, for the sake of all of us who haven't seen it, please don't spoil the British Open.
Stay black, Redertainment, Garris.
DarkNightRises.com
I have one question from that movie.
What?
Why did Bane sound Belgian?
Is it just me or did he sound Belgian?
I do not think you should talk about his voice in a negative manner.
He sounded like Count Von Count to me.
He sounded Belgian.
I liked his voice, even if it was a little silly.
He sounded very pleasant.
I'm glad they changed it from that trailer, though.
Like in the trailer, Bane sounded like this.
Okay, Tom Hardy.
Tom Hardy is... I'm just saying this as your resident gay gamer.
I'm just putting this out there.
Tom Hardy is so fucking hot.
Like I can't even.
I can't even.
There's no Bruce Campbell, I'm sorry.
He wasn't that hot as Bane.
Oh, the movie, the movie, can I just say?
It wasn't as good as the last one.
I didn't see the last one.
The Dark Knight will probably be like the best comic book movie they ever freaking make.
Avengers.
But I honestly think Dark Knight was better than Avengers.
Don't get me wrong, I love the Avengers, but Dark Knight was off-managing.
DC fails.
This new movie was pretty good, except the...
I liked Catwoman there was a twist and I was pleasantly surprised with Catwoman Anne Hathaway is a goddess let's just be real Anne Hathaway deserves to have statues built of her the ending twist I should have seen coming because I saw the casting but it still threw me even though I knew there's a couple twists and one of them I saw within like five seconds of the character showing up I'm like oh not that that's the one I probably should have seen coming because I knew better anyway
I don't want to spoil anything.
although after playing for about six hours in between two days I found myself wishing there were more wow-ish things about it oh well I guess all other MMOs were the gateway drug to the ultra drug wow as we know it as a sucker that is on the annual pass plan I guess I'll go roll a new tune and start my adventure all over again just so I don't feel like I'm giving charity money to Blizzard
Just really hoping something fresh comes from Guild Wars 2.
Not being a hater or a troll, but it would be exciting to see a new MMO come out and be the prolific WoW killer.
Your thoughts?
And this is from Travis.
I'm going to use this opportunity to give a cheap plug to the best little Horde house in Azeroth, www.hordehouse.com.
It's the other show that I'm on on VOG Network that debuts Wednesdays here at VOG.
I will say this about World of Warcraft.
And I've said this many times on Horde House.
The game that will kill World of Warcraft is World of Warcraft.
That's right.
That's going to be the thing that kills World of Warcraft is itself.
Because this is the type of thing that inevitably happens.
What's killing Diablo 3?
Question mark.
Itself.
So I think the only thing that's going to really kill World of Warcraft is itself.
Not that that's never going to happen.
I mean, the steam's going to run out someday.
And I guess maybe I should say instead of itself, I should say Blizzard, because whatever Blizzard's next MMO ends up being will probably be, I mean, as long as they don't make some of the mistakes they made with Diablo 3, which I think is inevitably going to push back Titan or whatever this new MMO ends up being.
I think it could have a large impact on WoW's user base but I think World of Warcraft is going to be around for a long time to come because so many people have invested so much into it it's just the way it is anyhow that was it well then you should send more emails for next week mailbag at orange lounge radio dot com I want to hear from some of you playstation home folks give us some playstation related questions and so forth
Or here's a serious question for the home people.
Do you think that PlayStation Home gets a bad rap?
Because there's a lot of people that don't take home very seriously or don't get home.
And I'm going to openly admit, we've been kind of those types of skeptics on the show in the past.
Because, you know, home was kind of plugged as this big...
Do you think your place has gotten a bad rap?
I will say this the community of course is wonderful and events and things like this and I think home is a lot better now than it was three years ago and there is a lot to unlock in there and fun stuff but you know kind of want to throw that out there I want to hear from some of you at our mailbag mailbag at orange lounge radio dot com
All right.
And BlackWolf is reporting from live within PlayStation Home that the PlayStation Home folks agree that Avengers was better than Dark Knight.
Thank you.
I love you all.
I love you all, my children.
Because I mean fucking Hawkeye.
Sorry, Hawkeye.
Or as I've heard one smaller child say, not Becky's son, but like a seven-year-old, Hawk Guy.
Okay.
Alright.
Moving on.
It's time for us to get angsty in a segment we call the FUs of the Week.
Why do we have a segment called the FUs of the Week?
Because we can, FU!
While driving to San Francisco yesterday, I was on this little bit where the carpool lane splits off to sort of bypass the rest of traffic to get to the... just past Emeryville to get to where you pay the tolls.
And some 60-year-old Asian man...
And now I normally do not support stereotypes, but sometimes they exist for a reason.
There has to be something that enabled the stereotype to exist, why it's usually accepted.
Well, definitely driving while Asian.
In his little Mazda MPV.
Decides that he's going to change lanes Right where I am And as Marissa is my witness Because she was sitting there in the back I beat Luckily she had some airbags to protect her I beeped my horn I flicked my lights
and definitely screamed, what the fuck are you doing?
Several times in the car.
And Becky was in the front seat.
She was a mess after.
He ran right into where she was.
Luckily, he wasn't going very quickly.
We were going at speed.
I was going 65 because of the way traffic was moving.
And some other guy was on my ass.
So I couldn't slow down.
There is no right to merge.
And on top of that, he was trying to cross and right where the line was starting to go solid.
Moving that fast, having a collision that fast, you guys are very, I mean, no matter what, it's lucky.
I would have been like Becky.
I would have been hysteric.
That would have been me.
She was just tensed up.
Oh, no, I would have been full on tears.
Well, here's what happened.
Me, when I panic, I either cry or scream, and I opted for screaming.
You're very good at it.
Hush.
So here's what happened.
He basically...
Thankfully, I guess he got defensive enough or something, and I honestly think that he started to pull over when I was in his blind spot.
He knocked my passenger side rearview mirror off, which I'm very pissed off about, because you know I love my car.
I love the Ponte Yoda, the rally vibe, whatever we call it.
and scraped up the side of my car.
I mean, it's not bad damage.
The car drove perfectly fine after that.
But, um... So we stopped in the little divider, like, right where the lane split.
So it was... We had room to move around there.
And... He comes out of his car yelling at me.
So I'm like, What the fuck, dude?
You broke my car!
You still have a mirror!
And just... I was like...
and he was like yelling stuff like please speak with some intelligence I can't understand you and his wife was definitely a lot more reasonable than he was and we got it worked out and it's funny we're both through AAA for our insurance so I just had to say oh he's with AAA here's his number because I'm with AAA so I was like oh we've got his record right now I've got photos because I am like that and take photos you've got the digital camera in your glove box I'm sure well on my phone I guess that's true we all do now
And now here's what the stupid thing was.
In his little Mazda MPV, he had mattresses stacked right behind their heads to block his rearview mirror, including blocking his blind spot.
Uh-oh.
Exactly.
Which is not illegal, but definitely not safe.
And not good for his insurance.
No.
And I have photos of it.
Yikes.
Because I'm kind of an anal bitch that way.
So, um...
The other parts of my FU now go to the California Highway Patrol.
Now, the guy didn't take a report because nobody was injured.
The cars were relatively fine.
It wasn't... Well, they can, but at this point, I was just like, fuck it, dude.
I'm hungry, and I'm...
You know how I get when I get on that verge of anxiety where I'm just kind of shaky and don't want to deal with shit?
That was me.
So I stopped and did some deep breathing.
But this is funny because we kept seeing people pull over the whole fucking way from Sacramento to San Francisco and back.
The highway patrol is everywhere.
We wait like 20 minutes for them to show up.
Well, it's like...
And I have to say that my defensive driving is pretty good.
Except the thing is that I couldn't swerve to the side because there was a wall next to me.
And it would have been worse to run into the wall than have the dude run into me.
And I tried to speed up to get around him.
Which is, I honestly think that me speeding up was why the collision wasn't worse.
And his mirror was just like tipped up just a little bit.
Just tipped up a little bit.
Mine was gone.
Mine is somewhere in Emeryville right now.
So, fuck him.
Now, this is the other part of the fuck you.
Fuck everybody on the road who was beeping at us and going, nice job.
Didn't help when I got out of the car either.
Keep it classy, California.
Well, one of the guys managed to stop, like, slow down just enough for me to go, You get out here and fix it then!
And he rolled up his window.
Bastard.
I love it when your anger isn't directed at me.
Alright.
Well, it's just...
I don't, you know, I don't get... And you know, the lady at Allstate, she was like, Oh, it's always the people who are at fault that do the yelling.
You mean AAA?
AAA.
Yeah, I called Allstate first because I was so... Well, when I got home, I was still... Every time I looked in my rearview mirror and didn't see it not there, I'd just get pissed again.
So when I get home, I'm so pissed off and shaky.
And you can ask Marissa.
I was pissed off and shaking.
I went to Allstate instead of AAA.
Oops.
So I'm on the phone with freaking Allstate and they're trying to find information for me.
Like, wait, I'm with AAA.
Hang up.
Well, Misty in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com says, if I find it when I pass through Emeryville next time, I'll get it back for you.
I will share a picture from my Facebook with everyone.
All right, Loki.
I don't know how you're going to follow that, but good luck.
F you.
Uh, FU2, people that change up tournament rules 15 minutes before the tournament starts.
Come on, that's a little ridiculous.
Thankfully, I'm patient.
If my wife had it...
I'd be trying to get my money back.
I'd be trying to get money for the gas.
I'd be trying to deface their website and smear them all over the other side.
I just don't want to put that much effort.
Thank God Nelly wasn't in Jamie's car.
You should break off his rearview mirror.
To kind of go a little bit with what Jamie said, people that change lanes without signaling, and there's a lot of them, and
This guy didn't signal either.
I had, you know, it's like, dude, you're like, and they were elderly people.
But it's not just elderly people.
In my case, it's elderly Asians.
But seriously, I mean, and the people that are older, not necessarily elderly, but like at least in their 50s.
Dude, how long have you been fucking driving?
Really?
Is a turn signal like a new thing to you?
You just now...
DarkSakura.com
Well, I'll go next.
I don't know.
I don't really have any traffic FUs this week.
Sorry to break form here, but I will say this.
FU to the fact that I kind of hurt my knee pretty bad last week because in my role that I was playing in Repo the Genetic Opera, I got to die three times as three different cops.
So one of the times I died, I hit the ground pretty hard and I kind of fucked up my knee doing that.
Maybe I should actually wear the knee pads next time, but
I didn't have time when I changed my costume to get them on because they can kind of be a pain in the ass.
So F you to the fact that I fucked up my knee.
Oops, not that music.
This music.
Yeah, one other thing.
F you to the hills in San Francisco and having to walk uphill both ways.
Just saying.
Through the snow.
Walking from Japantown to the Castro.
Ow.
I'm back.
Marissa, if you have any F yous.
This is going to absolutely shock anyone that loves me and knows me well, but I don't have that much to bitch about right now.
I know, it's... Those of you out there in Radio Land that know me are going to be like... But, yeah, F you to that guy on the road.
I mean...
I'm from L.A.
where, you know... You can't fucking complain about anything traffic.
People are crazy in L.A.
We're just constantly in the upright position on the road out there.
Nice.
Oh, yeah, well, I guess I could say F.U.
to the gentleman I mentioned earlier.
But I don't want to... Never mind, because that involves F.U.
So... But, yeah, so... F.U.
to bad drivers, like everybody else.
Well played.
that's that's that's that's ballsy that's safe all right two more stories for you guys then we're going to get to the skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR but not just yet because we have a few more stories starting with Loki yes um so one of the games that's being kickstarted right now is actually another Shadowrun game Shadowrun Online and they talked a little bit more details about their game and showed a little bit of gameplay which looks pretty awesome it kind of it's like a
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and also they're showing some of the different things in there they have a portion of the game where okay you go to these hub worlds and you get your mission and there's a part of the mission that requires you to do the investigation work and the leg work and so if your leg work isn't very good you may not know that hey there's an easier way to get into this you know location in order to get this information or hey this is going to be heavily guarded by something so you'll kind of you know
know a little bit about it.
But that's kind of cool.
And then, of course, they're saying that the game at launch is going to retail for $39.99.
Of course, if you back the Kickstarter, you'll get the game at $25 at that donation level.
I guess a new campaign, they're going to be launching every three to four months for $15.
So it'll be kind of add-on expansions.
Sound like something you might be putting money down for?
Maybe, I mean, I've already backed one Kickstarter Shadowrun game, so I'd be kind of curious, but once again, I don't have time for MMOs, but the game sounds like it's more single player with other people at the same time, kind of, I don't know.
You can play it single player, you can play it co-op, or you can do PvP.
It'll be neat.
I'll have to see when it comes out.
I'm probably not going to back it, though.
Just because I've backed too much stuff recently.
Insert Coin Clothing
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
So, yeah, if you want some Sega clothes, sounds like something of DarkSakura's alley, although it would cost an arm and a leg to import.
Maybe you can get a friend in the UK to help you shop at InsertCoinClothing.
Dear Mr. Kidman.
All right, InsertCoinClothing.com if you want more information on that, some of the official Sega clothing.
You know what I fucking want?
Excuse me, Sega, I don't know if it's official, but Sega-inspired clothing.
I just want the N7 hoodie.
That's all I want is the N7 hoodie.
Somebody get it for me.
Okay, I'm getting a message via BlackWolf from PlayStation Home.
Blender wants to do another contest.
Pick an animal and the first person to type that animal into the home space wins another prize in home.
So an animal.
What animal are we going to pick?
Should we go obvious?
DarkSakura, why don't you pick for us?
What animal do you think they should type in the home chat?
I can't tell them that though.
They have to guess, right?
um picking it wait wait are we so you're gonna have to clarify do we say it do we say it aloud or are they supposed to guess what did it okay yeah Black Wolf says yes say it lemur a lemur all right there you go I didn't say ferret so all you people who are trying to get the jump no all right a lemur all right good luck all right love it
Let us know who wins, Bobby.
Alright, and remember... Marissa goes, animal in the sack!
This is all I hear from people that play Mass Effect, so... Remember... No, it's Caden for me.
If you talk to the gays, they'll all say, Caden!
and I'm like Kate is an ass who actually his model is like the guy he's modeled after and who did all the face cap and stuff actually is like a gay bartender from the Abbey and he's hot I gotta admit he was easy on the eyes
All right.
Skull King won.
Of course he did.
Of course he won.
All right.
But you know what?
He deserves it for helping support the VOG participation with Summerfest.
Lemurs, lemurs, cutie furry lemurs.
All right.
Let's move on to the Skyplane.
We've got to open that up.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
The Skyplane is open right now for you guys to give us a call.
And if you want to call us from PlayStation Home...
Awesome.
If you're one of our regular listeners who wants to call us, that's awesome too.
We will talk to you at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Meanwhile, let me get to some Twitter topics.
We have a few things that were sent to us via Twitter.
And I want to look at this from Tigerclaw because this tweet here from Tigerclaw just jumps out at me.
It's like, what?
Irrational Games Job lists 85 plus Metacritic score as a requirement.
This is the developer of Bioshock and Bioshock Infinite.
It's Irrational Games.
They posted a job listing for a design manager, and apparently one of their resume or whatever has to have a past work that has a high score on Metacritic.
That's...
Kind of surprising.
It's posted on the Gamasutra job boards.
Credit on at least one game with an 85-plus average Metacritic review score.
How do you feel about Metacritic's score having such weight, especially when you consider the games like Child of Eden got an 84, Mirror's Edge got an 81?
Hmm.
Remember that whole controversy over Fallout New Vegas and the bonus they didn't get because it was an 84?
Hmm.
So, what's the job requirement is that they've had to publish or worked on a game that received a Metacritic over 85?
Yeah, yeah.
You have to have some credit.
Alright, well, let's go to the phones.
What if, like, their co-worker Bob just really bombed when it came to, like, you know, it's like, yeah, we did all this really good work, but man, he just, like, he just made fart noises into a microphone for all the dialogue in the game, and it just really hurt us.
Alright, let's go to the phones.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawn Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, it's Oscar.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Oh my gosh, you drove 12 hours to see the Zelda Symphony.
Well, I went to... It was well worth it.
I went to LA to see the Dear Friends concert, so yeah, it's about the same.
It was worth it?
Yeah, definitely.
Tell us a little bit about the experience.
Like, I don't know, did any of you guys buy Skyward Sword and see how they had the orchestra CD packaged in with the game?
Sadly, no.
I never got around to that one, sadly.
Alright, well, like, it has, like, seven or eight or so tracks on that CD, and it's... They played pretty much most of those, but there were so much more.
Like, they had complete, like, symphonic movements in each of the game.
Like, there was Ocarina of Time movement, a Twilight Princess movement, a movement from Link to the Past, and, oh my god, the friggin' Link to the Past one, like, I teared up at one part where they did the credits music, because I just forgot about that.
That game is so good.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Don't get me wrong, Ocarina of Time is my favorite, but that game has some moments.
I don't know.
You didn't just go by yourself.
I imagine you went with friends.
Yeah, I had a couple friends with me that went.
Actually, it was one of my friends who posted on Facebook, I'm buying tickets today.
Who wants to go?
I was one of the first people to respond.
So he bought my ticket, which was only $65 for that theater.
It was like the Wolf Trap Theater near D.C.
They were really good seats, actually.
They were pretty close.
So you drove from where?
You live in Ohio?
Michigan?
Yeah, well, I live in Northeast Ohio, but my friend who bought the tickets lives down in Athens, Ohio, which is like the southeastern portion of it.
So...
I had to go down there anyway to move stuff out of my apartment for the next year.
So it was no big deal driving down there myself, but then he drove to D.C.
for the most part.
Wow, that's a long drive.
But that's awesome.
I mean, it sounds like it was quite the experience.
What was the crowd like?
It was a mixed bag.
I thought it was going to be a lot of kids, but actually it was only a few and a lot of teenagers to adults.
and, like, the kids that were there, like, I saw their dads that were with them all had their 3DSs out.
Like, it was just a street pass fest.
Like, just non-stop.
I probably got 100 during the course of the day.
Oh my, yeah, you probably could have beat Find Me in one sitting there.
That's awesome.
Oh, definitely.
It was...
I don't know.
You need to go.
You really should.
I do if they come back through here.
The last concert is in San Jose on December 14th.
If you can try to make that one.
Is it?
I might just do that actually.
What day of the week is December 14th?
Let's see.
The 6th is Umlaut and that's a Thursday.
That sounds like it would be a Wednesday.
No, it's a Friday.
Maybe.
That would be great.
Go to Zelda-Symphony.com and there should be a link to the schedule up there and you can check it all out.
Anyone want to go?
Anyone?
Anyone?
Anyone?
Maybe?
All right, we'll see.
I'll find... Maybe Alan will want to go.
We'll make it a trip.
It'll be fun.
I have friends in San Jose, too.
Mel and Mel live there, and you know them from this show, and it'll be cool to go see something like that, so... Yeah, well, thanks for the tip, and I'm glad to hear you had a good time.
Yeah, I just hope that they release, like...
another orchestrated CD like maybe after the tour is done because some of those songs I just really want to hear again I'm sure there'll be another Zelda pre-order disc in the future yeah there has to be alright well Osfer I'm going to let you go to get more calls but thanks for the call okay
Alright, no problem.
Alrighty.
1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio if you want to give us a call.
Meanwhile, some other tweets.
One more from Tiger Claw.
I let people have two tweets.
Just kind of a quick headline here.
Microsoft halts further development on what was to be the free-to-play game Flight.
It was supposed to be a free-to-play entry in Microsoft's Flight Simulator franchise.
I wonder if that has to do with the Vancouver layoffs we heard about earlier.
Yeah, look at...
Well, I don't know.
I liked the flight simulator games back in the day, but I mean, they're so intricate now, like I don't actually know how to fly a plane, people.
But it looked fun.
And pretty.
I remember those used to be like the high-end graphic games or the flight simulator games.
Yes, Marissa?
Well, I mean, if you really wanted to make them properly accurate, you need to have bitchy flight attendants.
That's a real flight simulator.
I want to join the Mile High Club.
You know, bathrooms.
All right, we got another phone call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
It's Shane.
Hey.
With a very bad voice right now because I'm Flemmy.
Hi, Flemmy.
Thanks for sharing.
Hi, Flemmy.
You're welcome.
So what's on your mind tonight?
The PlayStation All-Stars thingy-majigger.
That's right.
So you're about to violate every NDA in the world.
It's not my NDA.
It's my friend's NDA.
I'm violating his NDA.
Sounds very dirty.
Technically, by letting you play, he's already violated the NDA.
There you go.
And I'm not giving out his PSN.
I'm not giving out my PSN name.
So go tie it back to me, Sony.
Go.
Well, I wouldn't throw down a challenge like that, actually.
That was a joke.
Sony, please don't.
You have allegedly played the beta.
Yes, allegedly.
So why don't you give us allegedly your thoughts?
So right now, the beta that I allegedly played very much feels like a lifeless Smash Bros.
clone, which, you know, not terrible, I guess, but it's not really fun yet, which I think games are supposed to be fun, last I heard.
Why wasn't it fun?
Um...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
You were telling me that the beta is only multiplayer, correct?
Yeah, I have to connect to somebody else.
I can't play against computer players.
Now, I have not tried to see if I could play two people on the same console, but part of the problem in the beta right now is when you play Smash Bros.
and you get every person in a tight area, the camera zooms in, it doesn't do that well in this game.
So it doesn't matter how close you are to the action, your character is still really far away and it can make it very hard to figure out what's going on at any given time.
Do you think that might have hurt your impressions a little bit, though, the fact you couldn't fuck around in single player at all?
No, because ideally that style of game is just really multiplayer-based, I feel like.
Smash Bros.
isn't fun by yourself at all.
Let's be real though, being able to play online multiplayer is a feature that Smash Bros., I guess the one on the Wii had it, but it didn't do it very well.
It didn't really do it very well.
But to Smash Bros.
credit, and I'm not like you, I like the Smash Bros.
games a lot.
I don't think they're bad games, I just think they're overrated.
Let's say that.
Here's the thing, what I always loved about Smash Bros.
is that they're very robust packages.
Like, there is so much, especially those most recent Smash Bros.
games, so many unlocks, so many other modes, so many mini-games and other things to experience.
and a lot of that was brought into Kid Icarus too so I think the projects that that team does tend to be very robust experiences and I think if Sony doesn't offer fans that same really rich experience which you're not going to see in such a limited beta I think you are going to feel shortchanged a little bit.
well and then one of the things I feel like they really get right are the stages I really like the fact that they change and kind of mix up different games in one stage like I was playing a god of no I was playing the Ratchet and Clank stage and all of a sudden it turned into God of War which is really cool and then one turned into like Patapon I don't remember which stage it also was but I really enjoyed that feature I just after now I didn't know about that leaked list of characters
that people had data mined from the beta.
I'm kind of sad that there aren't those real robust options that Smash Bros.
offers.
But I will probably get it because I love that Dante and I will play as him even if he's a terrible character.
So despite everything you just said about not feeling super great about it, you're going to buy it anyway.
Because they're adding that Dante that's really, really hot.
It was good enough to make you want to buy it in the end.
Yes.
Well, I think it has potential.
And I think, you know, I'm not judging really purchasing it based on the beta because you can tell that the beta, whatever build they're using, is really early on.
Allegedly.
There's a lot of, like, barren features in it.
So...
I don't know.
I'm not going to hate the game yet, but it still needs to do more to wow me.
I think they can pull it off, though.
Well, we'll see what happens in the coming months.
Hopefully there's a lot of good stuff to be unlocked and things we haven't seen yet and some of these characters in the leak.
Sound Potential, which, by the way, I think Shane coming on here and giving his alleged thoughts on a beta he may have allegedly played is a whole lot less of an infraction than whoever hacked the damn files to pull out those unlockable characters.
Yeah, and they had pictures of the stages too.
I kind of thought those stages were neat.
As a legal secretary, I approve of your legalese ass covering.
Thank you, I appreciate that.
I think we need to hire Marissa as a consultant for other shows in the future.
That'd be amazing.
Oh, and Frapp is awesome in it.
Like, he's really cool.
Do you get to actually rap?
No, but okay.
Remember that stupid boombox from the game?
Yes.
Okay, you get to throw him around.
And I like that because I hate that boombox.
Is there a stage that's you waiting to use the toilet?
Not in the beta, at least.
They should do another Umjam or Lammy because that game was amazing.
Alright, I'll take that.
Umjam or Lammy is pretty fucking good.
I'm sad that she's not a leaked character.
That would be really cool.
There's always DLC.
I will buy Umjam or Lammy DLC.
If I could get the one stage that everybody except for me hates as a stage you can play in the game, I would be so excited.
Which is the hell stage.
Shane, before I let you go, we have a question for you from PlayStation Home Summerfest coming in.
Blackwolf in PlayStation Home says, where is your Rhythm Thief review?
In written form.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Don't spoil it here.
I want it in written form.
So does Bobby.
No, no, no, no.
I'm not going to spoil my review.
Here's the thing.
My 3DS is busted.
So, yeah.
What'd you do to it?
For some reason, when I hit the B button, it turns off, which is usually the function of the off button.
You don't say.
I can hear Alan laughing at what you just said all the way from the kitchen.
Hello?
Why?
Because the B button is... Never mind.
Forget it.
It sounds like you've got a short, is what it sounds like.
Yeah, it does.
Sometimes when I hold it funny, it turns off.
I'm like, whatever.
I just don't even want to play you.
There's something inside there.
Yeah, and I couldn't find a screwdriver to open it up because I would open it up and try to pick it up.
Wait, yes, you did spill something on your 3DS?
No, no, no.
I didn't spill anything.
No, no.
I will probably be getting an XL in two weeks thanks to my job so I'll start playing it again
Which we can't talk about any further on the show, but I will talk to the other hosts about it off air It's like the 3DS, but bigger Alright, moving on, I guess that's it So when you get your 3DS situation figured out, we want the review Now that it's not timely
Not my fault.
I can't even play Pokemon.
Do you know what a pain that is to me?
We really need more written content at VOG.
And granted, I'm responsible for this too.
But I mean, I've just had so much going on this week.
But yeah, if you have some time and you're interested in writing for VOG, and it doesn't have to be about video games.
It could be anything, geeky, movies, books.
I would love somebody who reads a lot of books and even comic books and manga.
I bought a book, Rob.
I bought one of the Vampire Hunter D novels that I hadn't read yet.
Does it have to be geeky books?
Because my wife reads a lot of books.
She does read a lot of geeky books.
She reads a lot of... You know what?
Your wife is hilarious, so yes.
I don't care what it is.
She should do book reviews.
I'll...
I'll ask.
I should say this, funny enough.
Speaking of book reviews, I actually am doing one for a friend site of VOG's.
I'm just not done with the book yet.
But it shouldn't be too difficult to figure out who.
But I'm hoping to have that done within the next week.
This is Fifty Shades of Grey.
It is not Fifty Shades of Grey.
Then you need to redo your review.
We're like Fifty Shades of Shit.
Fifty Shades of I'm Hanging Up on You.
Bye.
Bye.
Alright.
Lordy.
How about one more call?
I don't think he mentioned Mass Effect at all.
He didn't.
That's awesome.
Gotcha, Shane.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
This is Azoramay.
Say that one more time.
Azoramay.
Azoramay.
What's on your mind tonight?
I just wanted to... I just noticed that there's going to be a Final Fantasy XI revival of music...
Concerts going on in your area, and I want to be aware of that.
I am very aware of that and I kind of sort of want to go actually it's just about you know if I can convince somebody else to go with me so I don't have to go by myself but yeah it's in Berkeley they're doing like a Final Fantasy 11 you know what's funny when I signed back up for the game about a month ago like I got those emails right away and then that's the log on message I don't know if everybody sees that or I just see it because I'm in the area but when I log into the game it says don't forget we have tickets on sale now for the Final Fantasy 11 event in Berkeley so
That is so funny, because I'm a fan of it, but I haven't really lied on it for a while.
I mean, I got a letter via email about it, and I was really thinking about going, but I'm on the East Coast in New York, and I actually went to go see the Distant Worlds at the Brooklyn Academy of Music, and it was really great.
But like I said, you have the same problem as you do, trying to convince friends to actually go ahead and see it.
It's like a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.
You know, like, would you think they're going to bring it out here at all?
It really depends on this first one and if it does well.
That's kind of the deal.
If it makes money, it'll tour.
Here's something else to consider.
We're going back years and years, so you can't really judge what's going on at Square now to these standards.
But when that first Dear Friends concert happened, which was what?
That was the first year I went to E3.
That was what, 2004, I think?
2004 or 2005?
It was 2004.
Yeah, I think it was 04
However, the next year they did a new show called More Friends that was at the Gibson Amphitheater, I think at Universal Studios.
And I went to that as well because I loved the first one so much.
And More Friends wasn't good.
I don't want to fault the musicians.
I don't want to fault the guest stars.
I don't want to fault the talent behind it.
But just the production of it was really not good.
And a lot of that was acoustic problems and a lot of the sound problems.
And there was a lot of live issues.
And I heard...
Oh, really?
Wow, I didn't know that.
So it was like a once in a lifetime.
It was like a once in like a... Yes, I can say it was a once in a lifetime event that I got to go to.
And I do consider myself lucky even though it was a bad show.
They actually had like the... And I forget her name.
Maybe you know it.
The lady from Final Fantasy X who sang that... I can't remember the name of the song.
I'm sorry.
I can't say it.
Thank you.
yeah, she was there singing it and so to hear that live was really amazing but that's, you know and so I'm thankful for moments like that but I realize, you know overall, unfortunately, the show was not a success oh, okay well, I mean, that's kind of like all I really had to really ask hey, no, it's a great question I'm tempted I will say I'm very, very tempted we'll see, I'll let you know what I end up deciding
All right, thank you.
All right, take care.
Take care.
Bye, guy.
All right, thank you so much for the call tonight.
I'm sorry to those that didn't get through, but send us an email, mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com if you have a comment you want us to read on a future show.
You know, when he phrases it that way, he says it's a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, and I do have to realize it might not be totally my backyard.
But Extifer lives in Oakland, Berkeley now.
I could totally go stay with him for a night and go to the concert.
So maybe I should.
I might not get the chance again.
And for somebody that wasn't a Final Fantasy XI for so many years, you give me a lot to think about.
A phone call to Orange Launch Radio might just set me back about 50 bucks for a ticket.
We'll see.
We'll see.
All right.
That's it for phone calls tonight.
Again, if you didn't get through, please, please tweet us.
Twitter.com slash OLR or email us.
Mailbag at OrangeLaunchRadio.com It does mean we are getting very close to the end of the show.
We're getting close to the end of the party at Summerfest and PlayStation Home.
Last call.
Last call, everybody.
Before we close out tonight, I'm gonna ask Loki if he has any last minute stories.
Nope.
Wow.
I didn't even look.
Shame on you.
I couldn't think of anything that we didn't cover that was really, really big.
Actdeft tweeted the show and said, Quite fun.
And then he linked his picture on the Steam community.
this is something I posted on the VOG Network forums if you're a fan of the game Beat Hazard and you have it on PC it is very easy to mod the game and it's not like you're not doing a bad thing you are editing text files the developers like put instructions on how to edit it in there you can actually add your own internet radio feeds because Beat Hazard you can play to internet radio and it's very easy to add VOG Network as a radio feed so yes you could play Beat Hazard to my voice
But it's, you know, when there is no live or taped program on the Voicing Geeks Network, there is a music feed, so it's really meant for that.
But some people are playing along to our voices, which I think is kind of funny, too.
So you can do that.
Marathon mode.
So if we, like, yell something really fast or something, it gets harder?
Yes, yes.
Anti-dysinstalitarianism!
Buh-duh-buh-duh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-nah-nah-nah-nah-nah-Nah-Nah-Nah-Nah-Nah-Nah-Nah-Nah-Nah-Nah-Nah-Nah-Nah-Nah-Nah-Nah
She's breaking into prayers.
I don't know what the fuck it means.
You might.
I actually do know what it means.
Marissa, swear in Jewish frantically.
There might be a boss that responds.
You always get asked in the cafe.
God, that's hot.
You know what's funny?
People think, oh, you're Jewish.
You must have grown up learning this.
No, I know because I grew up in Los Angeles.
Nice.
All right.
If you need more information on how to mod that, I posted something on our forums.
If you're not registered at vognetwork.com, why not?
Go get your loot at vognetwork.com.
Register and participate further with the show in the forums and so forth.
Misty in chat says, Sky's voice, the game goes beat hazard.
Let's hope not.
All right.
Well, with all those tweets and all those chat comments, it's time to get to the end of the show.
But we are going to go around one last time to get everybody's final thought.
Starting with Marissa tonight.
Marissa, thank you so much for being on the show tonight.
And I think it is a-okay that you don't play a whole lot of games.
You're a nerdy enough girl, and I mean that in the best possible way, to fit right in with the family here at Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you for making me literally...
literally laugh my ass off tonight.
You're the best.
Marissa, do you have any final thoughts?
I didn't take it as a high-five, but actually I do.
I feel like I might need to explain myself a little bit to the audience, especially all those new listeners.
Please do.
I know some of you must be thinking, who is this large-breasted, yappy, singer-songwriter slutbag?
Ha ha ha ha!
In reality, I actually have a major confession to make.
I am a recovering comedian.
So, that explains the majority of the material tonight.
Very nice.
But otherwise, thank you so much for having me.
It's been a pleasure.
And again, any of you people out there that enjoy metal music, please check out Prylosis.
P-R-Y-L-O-S-I-S.
They're fantastic.
It's a good CD.
Oh, I'm glad you enjoyed it.
Yeah, they're fantastic and they're funny, so they have a great YouTube channel.
And again, it was such a pleasure hanging out here and sharing such stories.
Well, go check that out, especially fans of metal, Prylosis.
We would like our guests to be able to plug stuff.
Anything else you want to plug?
Anything else?
I don't know.
If you want to see me not being a yappy slapback, if you want to see me singing, if you look at Marissa Con Gusto, which is my nickname, M-A-R-I-S-S-A-C-O-N-G-U-S-T-O on YouTube, there are some links of small clips of me doing little covers at Kulak's Woodshed.
So, thanks.
And looks like Loki just giving away little big planet carding codes right there in the chat room.
Go get them.
Sorry, I didn't think of a way to give them away earlier.
That's alright.
If you don't get one through there, go to Joystick.
They had an article a couple pages back that you can generate free codes.
Where do you think I got mine?
Nice.
Very nice.
Thanks again, Marissa.
More final thoughts.
Loki, your final thought.
Speaking of Wednesday.
Adam's
Wednesday happens to be August 1st.
August 1st happens to be when the third gate opens.
Oh, shit.
The race is on.
Do you have time off from work to do it?
I took the day off.
Well, for multiple reasons.
I took the day off to take Josh, you know, because it's his second birthday, but also because I'm going to be staying up all night long finishing whatever game they have.
Same reason I took September 25th off work.
Understandable.
I hope the game is not hard enough for me where I can't finish it in one night.
Because I'm going to be disappointed if I have to stop playing to sleep or do other things.
Who knows what it is?
No one knows.
I just hope it's not a crappy Facebook game.
Please not be a crappy Facebook game.
Because that was already a crappy Facebook game for Gate 2, and I can't take another one.
I will throw it over the table and just say, fuck it, I'm going to sleep.
Alright, let's see.
DarkSakura, your final thought tonight.
Fucking, fucking, fuck, River Mirror.
My final thought tonight is, first, I want to thank everybody that participated in PlayStation Home Summerfest with us here on this lovely evening.
Thank you, Blender.
Thank you, Skull King, for putting that together.
I really appreciate it.
Thank you to those that stayed up late in the Aurora 1.5 space.
Apparently, longest event ever.
and PlayStation Home.
So thank you guys for making it a success.
There's still at least 10 people in there doing the running, man.
Good times.
Thank you guys so much.
Great community.
Really appreciate it.
And a big welcome again to all the new listeners.
Dude, that's awesome.
The rumors that they're going to be bringing a Battle Royale TV show.
I don't know how I feel about that.
I read about that this week.
I'm like, what the heck?
Otherwise, my final thought, my real final thought of the night would be
Bilbo, Bilbo Baggins.
All right, forget it.
Yes, Leonard Nimoy.
He's my hero, dude.
All right, that does it for another week at Orange Lounge Radio.
Hey, if you like the show, all we ask, you know what?
We don't have advertising rampant throughout the show.
We are not...
sponsored by any gigantic you know multi-million dollar magazine we're sponsored by Keurig and Pinkberry we're sponsored by our fans so if you like what you heard here at Orange Lounge Radio please tell a friend or two about the show help spread the word leave us a nice review on iTunes or some other place to get podcasts we really appreciate all that homegrown support that being said though we probably will have some giveaways soon for a few things
Alright.
It's just like you just gave away three beta codes right there.
Well, better than that.
That was just crap.
I'm talking about actual things.
I have things in my bag.
I have things that I brought that I will bring more of.
And I have things I have yet to bring.
Alright.
Have a great night, everybody.
So this stuff's already been brought in?
Yes, this stuff has already been brought in.
We'll be back in a week to do it all over again.
We'll see you next Sunday here at the Voice of Geeks Network.
Have a great night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune in to VOGnetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week!
