This is your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky and Lowkey!
Tonight July 15th, 2012, a popular comic book character is getting his own game.
One PC game claims an Apple IOS game stole from them without permission, and Amazon announces
a new gaming service.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
Yes, it's Orange Lounge Radio, just like the intro said.
My name is Rob Roberts, and I'll be joining you over the next few hours to talk about
video games and all that fun stuff with my co-hosts.
Joining me here, DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
How are you, Jamie Summers?
Caffeinated.
Welcome back.
You weren't here last week.
Feeling better?
No.
I was here last week.
Sorry to hear it.
I feel infinitely better this week.
Glad to hear it.
So, yes.
And then you'll be gone next week?
Yes, I will be at Tiara's wedding.
You have a great time off program through the network, don't you?
No, I suppose a wedding between two people that inadvertently met because of Orange Lounge
Radio could be acceptable.
Not really.
We can't take that much credit, but sort of, sort of, a little bit.
One thing leads to another.
That's right.
I'm also joining us here in studio.
Say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hi.
Hi, Loki.
How are you?
Doing fine.
Going through my spam and trying to delete 20 pages of spam.
I hate spam.
Why can't we, why can't the internet stop spam?
That's what I want to know.
Why won't Howie Mandel stop emailing me about, what is it?
You've been selected to be on Deal or No Deal?
Oh, I know.
I just keep ignoring him, you know, over and over.
And here they really want me on Deal or No Deal.
My favorite is on the mailbag address for the show here, mailbagandorangehouseradio.com.
We get all this French spam.
Like it's not just spam, it's un français.
Like who signed us up for French spam?
I hate you.
I personally hate you.
Let's see what else we got here.
Are you losing money on your website?
The 100% all natural metabolism booster.
Incredibly low prices on 2011 cars.
What does that have to, meh.
Maybe that's how we can make money with VOG.
Don't you kids want some metabolism boosters?
How would you like to have a bigger dick?
We sell them detachable.
Is your car hurting your pocket?
I can almost, I wish spammusement was still around because that would be hilarious.
That was my favorite webcomic back in the day.
Like with all due respect, screw Penny Arcade.
Forget the oatmeal, it was all about spammusement back in the day.
That was like the funniest.
Get a bigger flute.
Actually the site is still up, they just haven't updated it.
I know.
We should take it over.
You are so good to me eggplant Mike.
That was my favorite.
All right, anyhow.
Welcome to Internet Jokes from 2004.
Hey, chat room.
You guys are here, you're current.
Welcome.
You can join us and participate live with Orange Lounge Radio at gchatroom.
It's at live.vognetwork.com and if you are listening to us live here at VOG Network,
The Voice of Geeks Network, be sure to check in and get your points.
And if you're like, hey, I want points, listen to us live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock
Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show is when you can check
in live and get your points.
Although, you can now check in to the podcast as well.
That's been going for a couple weeks.
I have a little more on that in a minute.
But first, let's do tonight's kickoff topic.
All right, so last week, Loki and I held down the fort without Dark Sakura.
Somehow it still ended up being like an over three-hour show.
It was probably that whole little debate we were having on theater.
Oh, I didn't even remember that, but now I do.
Yeah, that's what caused the show to go a little long, but that's all right.
Anyhow, we were talking about theater and all that stuff, but one of the other things
we talked about, towards the end of the show, kind of, like I don't want to say it's a throwaway,
but it was one of those things we were like, oh, we hear about things like this all the
time and whatever.
And it was about this system, when we were joking, it was called the, oh yeah.
Like, you remember, it's like the, we were looking at the name, we're like the oh yeah,
the oo-yeah, the ow-yeah, how about, oh yeah.
So we started calling it the oh yeah, and we were like, whatever.
You know, we hear about these little consoles all the time.
Well, a lot can change in the scope of a week.
Turns out, we didn't know this last week when we reported on it, the whole thing ended up
being a Kickstarter.
And they Kickstarted, and they've gone through the roof of Kickstarter.
They've already raised almost five million dollars on Kickstarter to date.
And it's all for this console that technically doesn't exist yet.
It's had a lot of interesting upsies and downsies going on, like for example, you know, obviously
the up part is, you know, thousands of people are pre-ordering it, causing it to go through
five million dollars.
supporters just kicked back and made, what, about a quarter million dollars, half a million
dollars off of them.
The downs are that we don't really have an actual system.
We have prototypes, imaginings.
We also have screenshots of proposed things that will come to the system, and one of them
is Minecraft, to which Notch, the guy behind Minecraft, came out and said, actually, no,
we're not putting Minecraft on this.
I mean, they might be talking about Minecraft Android Edition or whatever, but that sucks.
We're not supporting it anymore.
It's not going to be on Oya.
And their response is basically, well, just tell these companies what you want.
Tell them what you want, what you really, really want.
And we'll magically get all these games to show up on the console.
You know what?
I wanted a Phantom.
My chances sound just as good.
All right.
Well, in a funny, interesting twist of fate, Loki, tell us about your story with this console
this week.
I backed it, right, as it came up.
What made you decide that it's worth it?
Because, I don't know, for some reason it just kind of surprised me.
Because it's cheap, at the very least.
Because it's so hackable, you know, if the console part of it just kind of fails and
they do deliver on the product.
I believe that there still will be stuff that will be supported on it.
I think there's already a lot of games that would be supported on it, especially ones
that support Bluetooth controllers and that kind of thing.
So there's that.
And then, of course, like I said, the hackable part where you could basically turn this into
like a streaming box.
Or if you want to go that far, you could say turn it into almost like a web TV type thing,
where it's hooked up to your TV and you're, you know, checking Facebook, you know, Twitter,
that kind of stuff on it.
Because I don't really have anything like, I mean, let me put it this way.
I've been using the Xbox 360 recently to watch YouTube for my son.
We stream episodes of Caillou because they're like five minutes long.
And that app fucking sucks.
I have to reboot the app every time a video ends because it starts stuttering the next
video.
And it pisses me off.
My phone doesn't have that problem.
You know, our Nook tablet doesn't have that problem.
My iPod doesn't have that problem.
But this fucking app that they put out on an Xbox 360 just sucks balls.
So I'd rather have something that would work for streaming, that kind of stuff.
Or, you know, I don't necessarily want to dig out my PS3 or my 360 because it's not
always hooked up to the TV to stream video from my computer.
And then I could do that with, you know, an app, say, VLC player or something like that,
using this device.
So it could use it as a streaming device as well.
I have something that does all of that and it didn't cost me anything.
I have a computer hooked up to my TV that was just given to us because they were going
to throw it away.
It does all of that.
Okay.
Yes.
I can go dumpster diving for a computer.
I can use one of the millions of...
It was given to me.
I didn't dumpster dive for it.
But to be fair, you are kind of dancing around the fact that there is a value to that.
Somebody gave it to you for free because they like you.
If you want to go out and get a computer...
I could build the same thing for under a hundred bucks.
Well, let's go down that road.
Why not a PC?
Why this box?
I want to hear it out.
I want to hear all sides to this because I don't know where I sit with this, honestly.
I could build a PC and put it in there.
But the thing is, I'd rather have something smaller and compact and it looks nice.
And it could play games on it.
Yeah, I could easily do that.
Or I could just stick with the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 and not have to pay anything
to have it stream to my TV.
But at the same time, I can use this... a PC, for example, you're going to need a keyboard
mouse to interact with it.
And that's kind of cumbersome when I want to be kind of wireless from this whole PC
thing.
I mean, sure, I could get a wireless mouse and keyboard, and I've done that before.
We've had...
I was going to say, back in the OLR mansion, when you and I lived together, we actually
had a computer hooked up to the TV that we used to feed chat room to the living room,
remember?
Yeah.
And it was in the arcade cabinet.
So it served like a double purpose.
Or I could wheel out the arcade cabinet that I have into the living room, but I don't really
want to do that.
Well, like, our computer that's hooked up to our TV is in an unobtrusive location.
You can't really... you don't really notice it unless you're looking down at it.
You know, we've got the remote... our keyboard is one of those little clamshell things that
Logitech puts out.
And it's completely unobtrusive.
We watch full movies on it in HD quality.
You know, never have any lag unless it's the internet that's lagging.
You know, we've played games on it too.
Dan's got emulators hooked up to it, penmame, you know, all kinds of stuff.
And I mean, it would run most of the stuff that's on Steam right now.
You know, especially the indie games.
And on top of that, you know, if any of our friends wants to bring over a computer and
hook it up to our TV, the connections are there.
Just change out the wires.
We don't have to buy a vapor, something that doesn't exist and probably won't be worth
the money.
How do you feel about Apple TV?
I'm not investing in that either.
I have a PC.
I was just curious because to me, there's a lot of similarities between the two, except
one of them is not coming from a little indie company.
It's coming from, you know, the biggest company in America or one or two.
I don't know.
Them and Exxon keep flip flopping, but whatever, you get my point.
You know, one of them is coming from the biggest company anywhere.
And the other one is, you know, this company nobody's heard of, but essentially they're
kind of the same thing.
It's just that Apple TV doesn't do games yet, but I think we all know that will be built
in eventually.
I mean, there's...
And then it's just going to be the Apple fans versus the anti-Apple crowd all over again.
I think there's a lot of like startups and stuff, and everybody seems to focus on the
Phantom and consoles of that sort that flopped because, you know, they don't know who these
people are.
But the guy that's doing the design is behind that, you know, one laptop per child.
That wasn't vaporware.
People were paying money for that, you know, to get a $50 laptop or whatever, and that
ended up, you know, turning out just fine.
So he has a little bit of credit, you know, he has a little bit of a, you know, reputation
to uphold there.
With something established and tangible.
Yes, I understand that, but it wasn't when people were ordering it.
It wasn't made yet.
It was just...
But laptops existed at the time.
I understand that.
To be able to create a laptop that's that cheap with, you know, parts, it was very customized.
I mean, try building a laptop for 50 bucks.
Good luck.
Been done.
All right, let's see this laptop that you've done.
Well, I'm not building them.
I'm just saying that people have been doing it.
To be fair.
You make it sound like it's so goddamn fucking easy to find a $50 laptop.
Let me just pull one out of my asshole right here.
Let me jump in.
Just be...
I truly do feel like I'm neutral on this topic.
I kinda want one, but I gotta see it in action first.
And I don't wanna see theories and maybes, impossibilities.
I want it on the E3 show floor.
And I want it to be the public to give an honest opinion on it.
That's where I'm at.
But I'm not quite in the camp of no way, no how, never, either, or that it's like a waste.
I'm kind of in between.
But to be fair, I have heard these stories about the kids in countries where they don't
have a lot of money in the education system, about that there are these charity programs
that are getting these super cheap laptops that are like $75, $100 in these classrooms.
Yes, that's that laptop.
Yeah, that...
I mean, so they're not great, but to say, yes, there is a such thing as a $100 laptop,
but they're not exactly gonna do much, but...
You can buy a smartphone for, you know, $75 to $100, it may not be like all the things
that my iPhone are, but it'll do all the same stuff the laptop will.
I mean, if they can put them in a phone, they can build a laptop.
But those phones you're talking about, unless they're prepaid phones, and trust me, $75
prepaid phones are not good phones.
Dan's last Android phone was like $100.
Yeah, but was that with a contract?
Going down this road a minute, though, the Ouya, the Ouya kind of is a phone, isn't it?
I mean, Android is a phone and tablet operating system.
Basically, it's got the same specs or very similar specs to the new quad-core processor
tablet that they have coming out.
So it's like a tablet that's hooked up to a TV.
Would it be correct to say that basically what Ouya is gonna do is it's gonna be a smartphone
on your TV without the phone calls?
It's gonna be a tablet on your TV without...
And without touchscreen capability, which all these games run on.
Which I'm okay with, actually, because I'm over touchscreen games.
And you were talking about this during Bobby's show when Bobby was kind of grilling you on
this too.
You were mentioning like you wanna play some of these games that are on like PC and stuff
right now.
Let's say a game like Terraria, but you wanna play it with a controller on your TV the way
games are meant to be played.
I have a controller that I use for Steam that isn't...
But not every game supports it.
So?
And I...
We don't always get what we want.
I can understand the angle of wanting to play things on your couch in the living room as
opposed to in your...
It would be hypocritical of me to say I don't understand that viewpoint because I've purposely
bought games on the console because I want to plop my fat ass on the couch, kick back,
and have my Xbox controller and play.
There's plenty of games I've wanted to play on the console, but it's just not realistic
to do it.
Especially in my case since I physically have a problem with it.
But I mean, I could have gone out and paid...
For example, I could have bought Mass Effect for $12 or paid $5 like I did for it.
Or $11 for the two games together on Amazon sale and get the collector's edition and play
through all kinds of ways of it.
If I wanted to play Sonic CD, yeah, I could go with all the trouble and hook up my Sega
CD.
Or I could play it on Steam where I bought it and play a much better version with the
good music.
Bobby?
Let me go down this path then because we could probably have this debate all night, but there's
other stuff we want to cover.
Five million dollars has been raised in a week, less than a week.
You can't deny that's a huge deal.
Whether you support it or not, that's a huge deal.
My question is, what is the possible, if any, long-term impact on the next gaming cycle?
Do you think Microsoft, Sony, Nintendo is looking at this going, huh?
Or do you think, eh, don't care, we could step on these guys?
They're looking at it going, no one care.
I don't think they care at all.
Interesting.
But, here's the thing though.
If you, this does become popular, because I mean, I'm not going to say 50,000 consoles
or even, I don't even know, 80,000 consoles, it's not necessarily going to be a big splash.
I mean, it's good for what it is.
But let's say it gives developers an alternative.
They can say, you know what, I don't want to try to get my stuff on Xbox Live Arcade.
I don't want to try to get myself, you know, on the WiiWare service or whatever they're
calling it for the Wii U.
I don't want to try to, you know, have to negotiate these really crazy deals or, you
know, even licensing with these publishers because they're going to try to have too much
creative control or, you know, whatever.
I'm just going to put my stuff out on Android and then I'm also going to cater it to this
console so I can get my game on a console.
And yeah, you can do it with Xbox indie games and stuff like that and I really wish there
was more services like that because that would be awesome.
But there's not, so, you know, kind of have to, you know, that's why you have all these
companies going and saying, hey, fuck this, we're going to Kickstarter, we're going to,
we want to make this game genre, you know, that is not popular with publishers.
That's why you see some of these games going to Kickstarter.
I do think the success this thing is seeing so far without there even being a product
to touch is obviously people are very into the dream of what they can do with this console.
And for me, it's a very loud statement against some of the things we've heard about the next
series of consoles, such as you won't be able to play used games, it'll be digital only.
You know, whether these facts are true or not, there are things that have been kicked
around there in the internet about these next rounds of consoles and have caused a lot of
reaction.
And you know what we always say, if you want to make the biggest statement possible, vote
with your wallet.
Well, in a way, now that we have this console out that is basically saying, we are the antithesis,
we don't even exist, but we are promising that we will not be that console you all are
dreading in the future, and they've raised $5 million like that, that's a big statement
to me from the internet.
And that's the only thing I think I would be worried about if I was Nintendo, Sony,
or Xbox is that whether you personally agree with it or not, people are voting with their
wallets right now.
Now, granted $5 million is probably a kick in the bucket with Microsoft, but still, here's
the other thing too, I mean, I completely forgot, you know, didn't even consider this,
Game Guru brings up, what if Google released a $99 Android console, especially if this
does well, can you imagine the power of Google saying, hey, you know what, we're going to
take that cool little tablet that we made and we're going to just put it into a console.
Well, technically, I mean, they did, they created that stupid sphere looking thing that
you can now get, but that's $300, you know, for streaming content.
But what if they were to do something similar to that, saying, hey, now you can game on
your couch, you can, you know, you can game with this console, you can, you know, Facebook,
all the stuff that you can do with like WebTV, all in this wonderful console that's low price
and you get access to the Android marketplace and that kind of stuff.
Alright, going to our chat room, live.vognetwork.com, Brakeman says, Microsoft is looking at the
Ouya and thinking about running a company contest to see who can make the most fun of
it.
You know, one thing Microsoft does very well is they take other people's ideas and make
them better and then release it.
That's, that's one thing Microsoft's been doing for quite a while.
And some might debate me on that point, but that's another thing I think Microsoft would
be looking at this going, hmm.
But I mean, the whole free to play model, if I understand correctly, it's no different
from Xbox Live's model right now.
It's not necessarily that all games are free to play forever.
It's just that all games have to have a free to play download that you can unlock all levels
for five bucks or whatever they go with it.
Well, here's the thing too.
You know, on Kotaku this week, they've been having their little discussions about the
Ouya and that kind of stuff.
It's seriously, it's just every single one is just talking people, trying to talk people
out of buying one or backing it or something like that.
And one of their concerns was piracy, which yes, piracy does exist.
Probably quite prevalent on the Android marketplace.
Has that stopped games from doing well on, you know, Android?
No.
And then also the way they're kind of doing these games right now is, you know, they make
it a little bit harder to just simply pirate something.
They have, you know, the in app purchases.
So basically you have to download this free to play version and then you unlock it within
the app.
So that would be a little bit harder to crack than just say, you know, I'm gonna buy this
$5 game and here's the full version, you know, APK file or something like that for it.
So there's that, I guess.
That's a little bit helpful.
All right.
There was another comment that was made early on that I thought was pretty accurate.
Brakeman also said this at live.vognetware.com, when Loki's son reaches eight, he will be
the coolest kid in the neighborhood because his dad will have the coolest shit.
You basically said you're buying this to entertain your son with in a large way, kind of.
Myself really.
But if it helps to watch the kid too, then hey, right?
Well yeah, I mean, cause you know, he likes his Caillou, his Canadian children's television.
I wasn't sure if I wanted to go here with this other, I mean, it's not in tonight's
show role, but it's another Kickstarter and this one, this one's a tricky one.
You know what's funny?
I got a text message this week and I forgot to reply to it cause I received it while I
was dead asleep.
I should probably reply to it now.
It's been three days later.
But one of my friends texted me saying, hey, what's OLR's aversion to crowdsourced funding?
OMG, hope I'm not waking you up, although they did wake me up and I forgot to reply
because of it.
But what is the aversion to crowdsource funding?
I don't necessarily have an aversion to crowdsource funding, but I just, there's a lot of things
that make me very nervous about Kickstarter.
And I think is that A, Kickstarter pockets a large chunk of change from, I mean, 5% out
of 5 million is a large chunk of change.
But let's be honest here, it's not any different than doing PayPal donations, PayPal pockets
a large chunk of that too.
I'm not sure everybody, well, let me, let me simplify it this way.
An artist once said around 1996, Mo money, Mo problems.
And I think that's what a lot of people get into is they don't, you know, they're, they're
asking for this money, but I think sometimes not everybody necessarily knows how to spend
that money.
They think they know how to spend it.
But then a lot of these Kickstarters are making way over the amount that they're asking for.
And I'm not sure people know what to do with that money.
Like one of Kickstarter's biggest problems is they need to have a place where you actually
stop making money.
Like they need to, maybe this is built in, I've just never seen it.
No, they don't have that.
They have stretch goals.
That's weird to me.
And of course, why would Kickstarter want to put that in?
If you're making a runaway money, they're getting 5% of it all.
They want you to make millions.
But you know, I expressed vocal descent one time and I hate doing this because it was
another podcast, but I have to openly ask, why does a podcast need to raise?
What the hell were they asking for?
They in all, they had raised six digits.
This podcast raised something like $180,000 and I don't have it in front of me.
I'll look it up in a minute here.
And they had said it was because they had a, they were going to have a studio space
and all this stuff that they need to revive their podcast, which was how many episodes
before that?
I think it was like maybe a year.
Yeah.
And I personally found that to be insulting as a podcaster.
I found it to be insulting that if you want to podcast, you need money to do it.
That much money anyway, because you really don't.
You need a little money.
Sure.
If you want to make the reunion happen, you just fucking do it.
You don't force people to pay $100,000 to have it done.
That's insulting.
A perfect example of a podcast raising money, um, for a legitimate purpose.
There was this, um, it was a mom gamers podcast.
They wanted to raise $500 for new mics and better equipment so they could do their podcast.
That was it.
And of course they raised it pretty quick because it's only $500 and that's all they
were asking for because that's what you need to run a podcast.
You just, you know, just the necessities, mics and you know, recording equipment.
This podcast raised over $130,000 and they were asking for $30,000.
They needed $30,000 to do a podcast and I kind of thought that was horseshit, sorry.
That was, I want this to be a paying job, but people bought into it.
I guess the quality of the show is good enough.
People are that attached to it or people paid five times over.
So hats off.
Congrats.
You made it work.
You found the answer.
How to make money off podcasting.
Congrats.
I hope the profit was worth it.
I want to make very clear, very clear, explicitly clear.
I am not talking about the all games Kickstarter because I realized people are thinking, oh,
I'm going to go there.
All games had a different plan in mind.
They wanted to make a full network.
Personally, I don't think they needed $45,000, but that's neither here nor there.
It's a done deal now.
I still would support them in that effort.
I understand why they thought big and I can respect that.
Dream big or go home, right?
That's what they did.
My previous rant was not about that.
So don't start shit.
Anyhow, that wasn't even the thing I wanted to talk about.
Damn.
Anyways, let's talk about penny.
Yes.
I want to talk about the penny arcade Kickstarter.
You know exactly where I was going with this.
So their Kickstarter was to remove advertising off their website to remove ads from their
website is, and I'm trying to bring it up right here.
Penny arcade wants to raise, and this one was really interesting.
They really thought about this because they made the goal $250,000, but that's only to
get rid of one ad on the site.
If you want to get rid of all the ads, they got to make 999, 9999.
It's a million, basically $1 short of a million.
If they raise that much on Kickstarter, they're going to do all of penny arcade ad free.
There's this interesting angle they're going with it where they don't want to work for
advertisers.
They want to work for you.
I can respect that.
It's a different way of thinking.
But this is the same group that's brought us penny arcade expo.
They brought us the child's play charity, which are two great things.
I can't say anything bad about either of those things.
Penny arcade expo gave E3 a ran for its money and still is in some regards.
That's huge.
Child's play, obviously a hugely important, great thing.
It's a necessary thing in the gaming industry.
They brought us that.
So these are two great things.
But then I kind of go, well, penny arcade with all this stuff that they built isn't
exactly an indie darling anymore.
You know what I mean?
And they're asking for money to get rid of ads and one of the things that they're asking
for is if you pay us $5,000, you get a play date with penny arcade.
In other words, you fly to us for an evening of pizza and games.
I'm just kind of like, I get the Kickstarter is not really supposed to be about the rewards,
but if you're investing in a website, if you're basically giving them money, what are you
really getting in return?
And apparently they don't understand Kickstarter is about the rewards.
That's kind of why people, people like the preorder bonuses for things.
And so that's why they, you know, it's kind of the incentive to get you the back money
for these things.
And some of them, it's like I remember on the penny arcade one, which someone mentioned
kind of border lining on, you know, breaking the terms of surface of Twitter.
They said, we will follow you on Twitter.
If you pay us this much, we will retweet something that you said.
If you pay this much, we're literally, they're going to find your tweet and click a button
for like a couple hundred bucks.
Ooh, that sounds difficult.
And honestly, if they're retweeting something that you said, who gives a shit what you said?
I mean, you're gonna say, oh, retweet it from them.
Who's this person?
I don't know.
They're not gonna, someone following penny arcade isn't going to go, oh my God, they
retweeted this person.
I need to follow them, become best friends with them.
No one gives a shit.
RDG cinch in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com says, maybe I'm wrong, but I'm under the impression
that penny arcade was already profitable.
I'm sure it is.
But what they want to do, they want to take out the ads and have the people pay for it
because they want to be a business that's run by the people.
And I get that on paper, that sounds like a great idea.
And maybe the answer for why would you give $5,000 is, well, it's about supporting the
community and it's about supporting this, not just comic strip, but organization that
I really like.
But I'm like, well, can't you support them through ads too?
If you support the website, click on the ads, check out the sponsors.
That's another way to do it.
That'll make a money too.
Or advertise on their site.
But penny arcade wants to, that's a conscious decision on their part.
They want to not have that be the way people support them anymore.
They want to cut out the middleman.
It's interesting.
I don't know.
I don't know what to think about it.
I'm not exactly going to donate, but I think it's interesting.
I will continue to donate to Child's Play.
I will continue to support the Child's Play events.
I will continue to attend Penny Arcade Expo when I can.
I'll continue to read the website and click on an ad when it looks interesting.
But Kickstarter, not my thing, but that's just me.
City Vampire says, why donate money to remove ads?
Something gaming related would be much more preferable.
If they'd done this, because wasn't that Penny Arcade volume three in trouble for a long
time and it looked like it took them a long time to find a person that would actually
make it because the first two didn't do so hot or something like that.
I don't want to make stuff up, but I know the third game took a long time and it came
from somebody else and it has kind of a different look to it.
And is way better.
Why didn't they just fund a potential Penny Arcade 4 or whatever or Penny Arcade other
thing through this?
It's interesting.
Or better yet, they have a card game coming out that's based on one of their comics as
well in Kickstarter, but it's some other company putting it out that licensed it from Penny
Arcade.
I'm not sure Penny Arcade's making, I'm sure they're making some money off of it.
I don't know.
I think a lot of the stuff that they do, I mean, they sell merchandise.
They sell stuff to help fund their organization and I know now that they're a lot bigger than
they used to be.
They have their own offices, obviously they can run these conventions, which I'm sure
are pretty expensive, but I'm sure they're making money off of them as well.
Otherwise they...
I mean, I'm not going to say that they're not going to run them because they're not
profitable, but they're not going to keep...
They wouldn't be expanding if they weren't profitable.
You know what else is weird about this whole Kickstarter is that they have these stretch
goals that are at 1.1 million and 1.3 million and 1.4 million and they're locked.
They're a mystery.
It's a secret to everyone.
You don't get to know what they are until they hit those goals and I'm kind of like,
in what investment world do you get to keep these kinds of secrets?
Like if this was a, you know, non-Kickstarter investment in the real world type of thing,
I think there's like laws and stuff that prevent these kinds of secrets.
You have to disclose these things.
It's weird to me.
It's a different way of thinking.
I don't know.
Anyhow.
All right.
I'm done talking about Kickstarters and all that.
It was a big intro to the show, but it's really a huge part of what's going on in the gaming
world this week.
So it keeps going.
We missed the Mac versus PC debate in the chat room.
Really?
Still?
Yeah.
Well, no.
It's over.
It's just, you know what?
The biggest people who don't, who are all anti-Apple are not graphic designers.
Thank you Game Guru for filling in the gap that made me look ignorant there.
Penny Arcade 3 is being made by the Breath of Death 7 and Cthulhu Saves the World people.
Not exactly a big budget, but actually a good fit.
Thank you.
I could actually totally see that.
It's very much like the old school Final Fantasy games.
That's awesome.
It's actually already out on Xbox Live indie games, so go check it out.
I mean, it's, I kind of wanted to check it out because I like those type of games.
Not because I'm necessarily a Penny Arcade fan.
I mean, I don't like their comics, but I don't read them every week.
Right.
All right.
Well, anyhow, let's get on into how we're supposed to start the show off here.
You know, 30 minutes into it.
How was your gaming week?
What types of video games you've been playing this week?
And then we'll get into some housekeeping and then the rest of the gaming news we have
tonight.
Let's start off though.
First, what have you been playing this week?
Dark Sakura.
Mass Effect.
Still?
Even though you, oh wait, no, you weren't here to tell us about how you...
I beat it on Tuesday.
Then I played WoW for like an hour.
Then I went back and started modding my save file and figured out how to use the, because
the big thing for 3 is that they, they had a default feme shot with all the special textures
and everything like the dude one had, which is about damn time, except her face looked
like a brick.
But the textures were really good, except she also looked over at me like a cheap hooker.
But I did figure out how to make my own face shape and everything so that she's, you know,
basically doesn't have a head the shape of a brick and applied the textures to it.
And then custom hairs that other characters in the game have.
I also found out how to make Ashley's hair work on her, but her hair is like a shoulder
item for armor.
I also found the, and I've got to do a few tweaks to get it to work, I found how to use
the hooker outfit, like the dancer outfits from Afterlife.
So it's actually one of the underwears.
So when you said you beat Mass Effect, you're talking about Mass Effect 3?
Yes.
Well I beat Mass Effect 2 the week before.
Like me, you've now played the whole series this year, beaten all three games, da da da
da da.
In a month.
And now you're into modding them.
Yes.
Kind of your thing.
Because I'm going to keep, I'm going to play it as a paragon.
I don't really give a shit about playing Bit Shepherd.
And I don't give a shit about playing as a dude either.
I'm going to keep playing, I've done a few renegade options just in the curiosity.
You are in the fem-shep-is-the-only-shep camp.
Yeah, I guess.
And you know, because I have this headcanon, the term I've kept using over and over, I
have a headcanon and I'm sticking to it.
So without spoiling, that ending.
Now you are in a unique situation where, you know, we're starting to hear people now that
are getting into the series.
You never saw the original ending.
You only saw extended cut.
I saw part of the original ending.
And I did go back and watch it.
But yeah, my official first ending was extended cut.
And I wasn't disappointed.
It was just fine.
I think it cleared a lot of stuff up.
I think it had a definite resolution.
And I'm happy with it.
You know, I went back and watched some of the other ones online.
You know, the one I picked was the Destroy ending.
Except when I accidentally shot the stupid kid in the head.
But then my game froze and I got to start over from the decision.
The other thing I found out, by the way, with the save file editor, is that you can save
your autosave files as standard save files.
So where it loads as your autosave.
Like say that you were at that last decision and you wanted to just to keep going back
to that point, even though it's not like a standard save.
You can close the game at that point, pull up the gibbed editor, and load your autosave
and save it as a separate save file.
So you can always go back to that point in the game.
Pretty cool, huh?
Yeah, that's interesting.
Of course, when I did it, it was on 360 where you don't get to do any of that.
Also, gibbed editor works for 360.
You can import your files from your 360 if you're saving on the hard drive.
Run them through gibbed editor because it's high, it's PC stuff.
And even do custom hairs, custom textures, all that same type of stuff.
You can, well you can't load the outside mods, but you can do all the stuff that's hidden
in the game.
You haven't even changed your coalesce bin.
You can hack it, pretty much.
So what now, now that Mass Effect's done?
I mean, I know you want to do some...
Playing through Mass Effect 3 again.
You want to do some fan things, but are there any other series that you've overlooked that
now you're thinking, hmm, maybe I should go back and revisit them?
Not really.
I mean, well, and keep in mind, I actually have beaten four games this year, because
I beat Portal 2 again a couple of times.
And still playing through Fractal.
And then I've decided that I'm interested in WoW a bit again because of the goat mount.
I want a riding goat and they better have rectangular pupils because goats are the best.
I was on Girls Gone WoW today for their recording and we went long.
It was, it was a good show.
Awesome.
GirlsGoneWow.net.
You can hear that Wednesdays.
Says hi.
Hello.
Hello.
We went over a lot of the, what we think of the new mounts and I think we had a general
consensus that some of us like it.
Some of us don't.
How's that for consensus?
Of course.
Everyone's entitled to like or not like.
I'm sure you guys had to talk about the pet battling a little bit.
Pokemon.
Yeah.
Straight up Pokemon.
But you have to name each of your pets and how is that going to work?
You don't have to.
Well, I'm gonna.
I'm going to name them all after Supernatural.
Just Google cute pet names.
I'll have Sam as a pet.
You know, um, but I really, I mean really, except for my hour of wow, hour of wower,
I've been playing Mass Effect and I'm going to keep playing Mass Effect.
It's super fun and I still have a hundred percent galactic readiness on my damn phone
and my next goal is to figure out how to get Ashley's face texture to work over the shepherd
that I have without doing this really weird thing where it scrolls your camera out and
clips through everything else.
Like it did however show me exactly how some of the levels were laid out as far as their
rendered space.
So that was kind of neat.
And at some point you do really have to check out the multiplayer with friends.
I probably will.
I just have to make sure that my coalesced bin is fine, but the only thing that I did
on that really was set some key binds for weapons, which I'm probably going to undo
and I play, I have my game hacked for god mode if I wanted it.
So I don't really need any of that except for the one where you use no fuel.
I have the things set where your fuel is a hundred, I mean not at a hundred, but you
use zero and the Reapers don't find you as easily, that type of thing.
All right, let's move on.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
I didn't play a lot.
It's basically just Minecraft this week again.
I like the new update.
It's very fun and so I haven't gotten to make any pistons yet, but you know, I'll get there.
I did, was it, I also like the new lighting engines, a little interesting, I guess it's
supposed to be more like PC.
And finally did start a new world as well with my coworker because we kind of got tired
of playing just in mine and so we did start a new one and playing that on regular again
with monsters and everything because I've been playing on Peaceful for a long time.
I finally finished my mine cart track thing which goes across the entire map now and it
makes a full circuit.
In fact, last night I was working on creating the redstone circuits for each stop.
It's gonna have like a delay on it so the cart gets to the stop.
There's about a 10 second delay where the cart stays there and then the cart automatically
moves to the next stop so it's kind of a, you know, little bit of a, you know, subway
type thing and it's gonna make a little ding-dong when it gets to the stop so it's kind of cool.
And then Call of Duty, Modern Warfare 3, I've been playing that a little bit, changing up
my custom classes to get ready for the tournament that I'll be playing in a couple weeks here
which I'm very psyched about.
And you did find a partner for that.
I did find a partner, one of my friends, his brother plays a ton of Call of Duty so he's
gonna be going down with me to the the armpit of California, Stockton.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, Bakersfield.
You're not going to Bakersfield.
Sorry.
What would Stockton be then?
Stockton is kind of like...
It's that part behind the knee.
It's the mole on your butt.
Not everybody has moles, Rob.
Okay, how about...
California has one and it's called Stockton.
How about the belly button, because the belly button gets kind of stinky.
It's the bankrupt part of the body, actually, is what it is.
So we're going with Stockton in a couple weeks.
But yeah, he's totally psyched to go and play and apparently he's really good with the pistols,
so that's awesome.
Still trying to figure out what sidearm I'm supposed to use because honestly I play a
lot with just launchers and explosives because I have my primary weapon that I use for everything
and launchers just take out helicopters and you know, maybe I call it my sniper rifle
sometimes because that's why I shoot across the map.
Sometimes I hit snipers.
So I've never really bothered with a machine pistol or a pistol because I'm like, when
the hell am I going to need this?
I'm just going to use my regular gun for everything.
If I run out of ammo with my regular gun, I'm going to pick up someone else's gun.
I don't know.
So I still have to figure out what I'm going to do there.
I'm going to talk to him because he knows what he's doing.
So we got all the rules and everything and it's kind of dumb, some of the restrictions
that they have in there.
No cheating.
No, it's not even cheating.
It's like no explosives at all except no C4, no Claymores, no bouncing betties, no launchers,
no grenade launcher attachments, there's no recon perk, no sit rep.
They're going to leave kill cams on for some reason, which is weird.
And then some of the maps that they picked are just really huge for two on two matches.
I'm like, hey, you know you guys, why don't you guys download the free face off maps,
which they made for two on two matches.
Makes sense that you would play on those maps because they're the size for a good two on
two tournament.
No, we're going to use the really large maps instead.
Yeah, that sounds fantastic.
I'm glad someone's running this tournament well.
But whatever, I will play by their rules, but it's just stupid that they picked these
giant maps.
This village is terrible for two on two, it's just, okay, I hope I find you because this
map is fucking huge.
But we'll see, I guess.
Anything else for your gaming week?
I played a little Grand Theft Auto, but just because I was working on my mod, because I
was talking to someone that helped out with their map modding stuff and just talking to
about Grand Theft Auto things, I'm like, I kind of want to work on Grand Theft Auto again.
And then I made an outhouse and I got bored.
So that was that.
I do need to finish the map mods I've been working on for almost 18 months now.
So I can at least finish them before Grand Theft Auto 5 comes out.
That's it.
All right.
My gaming week.
Actually, I didn't play really anything new, but I revisited old stuff.
In fact, really old stuff.
Because Alan the other day was like, hey, I'm going to hook up the PlayStation 2.
And then he didn't actually do it right away, but it had me thinking about PlayStation 2
games.
I kind of wanted to go back and play.
So then the other night I was like, Alan, weren't you going to hook up the PlayStation
2?
And so he finally found it and hooked it up.
And I promptly started playing Final Fantasy 12.
I don't know why.
I just never really played enough of it before.
And I was just like, I don't want to play that again.
I think I can blame Theatrhythm for that.
Remember how I was talking last week about how it's kind of a commercial for the Final
Fantasy games and makes you want to play them again?
I think I can thank Theatrhythm for making me go, you know, I didn't play enough of 12.
I'm going to go back and play more of that.
So I played a little more of that.
The other thing I got is that, you know, as we'll get into more of the details on later
in the show, but as I'm sure all you guys know about, there's a steam sale going on
right now.
Oh, yeah.
As in, give me all your money right now.
I'm pretty broke as it is.
Yeah.
It's just like, but I need these games that I probably, yeah, I can tell you right now
I was looking, actually it's funny what you were talking earlier, I was looking through
my steam collection to see, you know, what exactly I have and I can honestly say maybe
out of all of these, the steam copies, I may have played Portal 2, but most of these games
I have not played yet and I'm just like, but I need more, I need more.
That's awesome.
I would be tempted to get Borderlands, but first person shooters make me sick and Dan
and we already have it on Xbox.
Right.
Well, the platform thing didn't stop me because when Skyrim got discounted to 29 bucks, I
was like, I want it on PC.
So the mods are really cool that I've been waiting to get it for the mod.
That's what sold me on it.
To be honest is that I've watched Alan mod the shit out of his game and I was like, you
know what?
I want it.
So I bought it and I got to say, especially because now when you download it, you can
get the higher resolution texture pack is like DLC right away.
My PC, my PC, well, this laptop is so pretty.
I need to upgrade my PC and it's really pissing me off because it's going to be expensive
to do that.
And I don't ever use my PC anymore, but that PC was meant for like games like grant.
Well, it was meant for crisis.
And now of course it's way outdated because it has old 8,800 G no Nvidia cards in it.
But this laptop, I think if I ran Skyrim on it, I think it would literally melt.
Like I was running grant the thought of the other day and got up to 86 degrees Celsius
on the GPU.
I can, I almost boil water with my hand above the, the actual keyword.
Like it wasn't even touching the monitor and it was too hot for my hand to stay there.
So and I have this thing modded for cooling too.
So I don't know what I'm going to do.
And I all of a sudden, now I'm on this new mission is I really want to get back into
civilization five because I need to get the gods and Kings expansion when it gets discounted
again.
And it was only $8 on steam the other night.
So I'm convinced before the 23rd, it'll be on sale again.
And I'm going to buy Alan a copy and make him play with me.
But yeah, seriously, anybody that has Borderlands add me on steam because I don't have anybody
added at all.
We do have a vog network group on steam where you should, I can find, I'm thinking we need
the work on getting some Borderlands games night going because I'm picking up Borderlands
two when that comes out, probably not for PC, but on X-Box three 60 because Borderlands
is just an awesome game.
I do want to go back to it.
I, I'll be playing on an X-Box again, but my, my coworker won't return my copy.
So I'm just like, eh, fine.
All right.
Um, let's get into some announcements then we can get into the rest of the gaming news.
Um, announcements.
I have a few tonight.
First off the voice of geeks network at vog network.com.
I'd like to welcome critical myth and British in British invaders, almost a British invasion,
which it is kind of an invasion, but it is the British invaders.
We want to welcome both those shows to the lineup.
Both those shows are going to be airing Monday.
Critical myth is actually three times a week, Monday, Wednesday, Friday.
So both those shows, uh, announced earlier tonight, joining the network, if you want
the full announcement, Bobby will append it to his podcast this week.
So that'll be posted in the next couple of days, but we want to welcome them to the network.
They both start tomorrow.
Um, also, um, feedback about the checking into the podcast.
A lot of folks miss the check-in word last week.
So Bobby and I kind of sat down and talked and we now have a little chime noise that
you're going to hear before the word is given.
So that way, those of you guys that are kind of zoning as you're working and you miss the
check-in word, you have something to kind of snap out of it and Oh, pay attention.
So, uh, just throwing that out there, you will now hear a little chime noise before
the check-in word.
All right.
Did I hear Jamie's buying Borderlands over there?
Yes.
Good job.
I want to see Gabe Newell is sitting in an evil layer somewhere going, yes, excellent.
Someone needs to buy me Saints for the third.
How about that?
I want to say, um, I think, I can't remember if Borderlands had a third person view or
not in it.
I want to say, did I saw maybe, I think there's a way to hack it on PC where
you run third person, which if that, if you can then cause you can do it in portal two,
you can play portal two third person.
Yeah.
All right.
The one other announcement I have is that we will be participating in PlayStation home
summer Fest to the VOG network is participating in that.
Be ready on the 29th.
That's in two weeks.
We are going to be broadcasting in PlayStation home.
Now I want to make this clear though.
Nothing is like changing.
You still go to VOG network and you can, you know, hear our show and everything and the
podcast is still there.
Like always that part's not changing.
But as we've done on a few nights, we're going to have home open as well.
We'll be in PlayStation home fielding questions and so forth.
This isn't just the clubhouse though.
This is actually, we're going to be out in one of the spaces called Aurora 1.5, which
is kind of a trippy little like, uh, like flashy colors, tunnels that whisk you to places
and things, mini games, lots of unlocks.
It's a fun little world.
I was in there earlier, so we're going to be in the Aurora space starting at five Pacific
when Bobby's on, uh, a Eastern on the 29th, where the last event for PlayStation summer
Fest, where they're really excited to have us, we're really excited to be a part of it.
I do want to point out, it's not an official Sony home acknowledged thing, but we're hoping
to make enough rabble that they'll notice.
So we're going to flip some chairs over in Aurora.
It'll be fun.
It's just, listen, listen, running man.
Listen, if you're going to flip chairs over, nobody's going to notice.
It's all about tables, tables, tables, tables.
Sorry, it's all about flipping tables now.
So plan on joining us on the 29th steam needs to be on Linux.
I thought they did have some type of Linux support or something.
If they do, I haven't found it.
I could be wrong.
All right.
We got to get into gaming news.
We're like, we're talking a lot tonight.
Sorry.
Let's get into gaming news.
Loki.
Okay.
So Amazon has a brand new service that they've announced.
It's basically a free-to-play game service called Game Connect, and it's not necessarily
the same service that they announced for Kindle, which was Game Circle, but Game Connect, they're
going to have basically a way to discover new free-to-play games and MMOs and that kind
of stuff.
And you can check it out over at Amazon.
Let's see here.
I'm sure they've got a link on the front page to do that stuff.
Let's see what kind of games they've got here.
World of Tanks, I mean, you can't hate a world full of tanks.
Shimagami Tensei, that's pretty cool.
A lot of interesting-looking MMOs.
8-bit MMO, kind of looks a little bit like Minecraft.
You can build anything they say in there.
RuneScape, let's see here.
A bunch of games.
So definitely go check it out.
And I wonder if they're going to have some more stuff included with that.
They're saying that some of the launch titles, Battlestar Galactica, World of Tanks, Pandora's
Saga, Stronghold Kingdoms, and Super Monday Night Combat.
So why does Amazon want to jump into this?
I guess Amazon likes to kind of get their hands on everything.
Exactly.
They want to maybe get in on some of that in-game content.
Maybe they'll tie it in with the Kindle or something like that.
Maybe they can find a way to get some of these games to run on that platform.
I don't know, I think just to get more hits on their site for whatever reason.
So people think of Amazon as the place to go for everything.
I guess it seems like a good tactic.
But do you think people will care?
I don't know.
I don't know if they are necessarily going to care.
It's kind of like, I don't think these places are the only places you can go to play these
games.
So if you're playing them already, it's not like you're going to go, okay, I'm going to
all of a sudden go to Amazon.
It's definitely a way for maybe some of these companies that are putting out free-to-play
stuff because the free-to-play market is quite crowded to get some exposure maybe.
So it's like, hey, I saw your game on Amazon, I'm going to check it out.
Amazon hasn't been popular with every part of the gaming community though.
Some say that Amazon kind of rips them off because the whole like, you know, they have
the right to price match whatever you do other places and kind of all this stuff.
And some developers had their game put up for free for too long on there.
You know, I just remember hearing stories in the past about how not everybody's thrilled
with Amazon.
You kind of need them.
The developers that is to, well, we'll see what comes of that.
Although no Amazon console yet, right?
That's the last thing we need right now.
It's just a console.
But if you want to check them out, it's amazon.com slash free.
The number two play.
Did I just see in chat that DJ Morpheus from understation live also just bought borderlands.
That is 750 for the game of the urgent.
That is well satiated.
I'm just saying borderlands was a great game to begin with.
And they, that was a game that they knew how to do DLC and their DLC was pretty awesome.
So game of the year edition.
And if you're too cheap for the game of the year edition, they have a regular version
for five bucks.
I just don't want to hunt around for skulls.
It's all about loot.
I mean, seriously, if you like playing the vog game and stuff and collecting loot, this
game is just like shiny gun drops.
Ooh, this is different than the one I had.
It's like all these guns.
I can't carry them all.
I mean, it's just loot and the little robot and clap trap is awesome.
All right.
I watched Dan play through it on Xbox.
Well, this series I'm about to get to get into is awesome.
I remember this from the eighties.
It was one of my favorite role playing series growing up.
I even liked the NES sports, even though some people hate them, but I remember it as a kid.
It's Ultima.
Remember the Ultima series?
It's Ultima Exodus.
Yeah.
There was Ultima online.
It was like kind of the first MMO in some ways.
You know, Ultima has a great history behind it and Ultima it's coming back y'all.
Oh, but not in the way you might think.
No, there's, there's no like Ultima 10 or, you know, any new Ultima underworld or something
being announced.
No.
EA is going to be releasing Ultima forever.
It's a cross-platform.
It'll take 13 years to come out.
I just want to point out Duke Nukem's last game was also named Duke Nukem forever.
Hence my comment.
Ultima forever is a cross-platform free to play role playing game.
It's being developed by BioWare, which okay, we like BioWare, right?
But it's free to play, which okay.
It's going to be published under what they call the play for free label.
What a descriptive label for EA.
That's so weird that they would put it under that label.
Battlefield Heroes is also that same division.
Okay.
Well, Battlefield Heroes is pretty good.
So, oh, wait, no, I'm thinking 1942.
It's kind of, you think of the shooter from Capcom from how many years ago?
No, no, no.
They had a Battlefield game.
I don't remember if it was Battlefield Heroes or not.
Whatever the one it was on, maybe that was Heroes.
You will be controlling an avatar.
There's a cartoon aesthetic to it.
There's a character named Lady British now and I'm assuming that's because Lord British
is no longer with EA.
Lord British is Richard Garriott.
He's off doing his own thing, trying to travel to space and all that and has the Facebook
thing.
So now there's Lady British, which you got to admit it's kind of a nice little work around
for Lord British not being there anymore.
So yeah, they are saying in the press release, the first great Western RPG has been lovingly
restored in Ultima forever.
You can sign up for the beta.
Ultimaforever.com.
I got to admit, I'm curious, BioWare makes a lot of good stuff.
I'll play it.
The free to play thing makes me a little nervous, but I do like Ultima.
So it's kind of one of those, well, free is a great trial price, isn't it?
It's better to pay nothing for a demo than to pay something for a demo.
I'm signing up for the beta.
I am so sorry, Bobby Blackwolf.
Richard Garriott, he's correcting me in chat.
He didn't try to travel to space.
He did go to space.
I am so effing sorry for that oversight.
He went to space and he made some stupid paintings in space, which keep popping up in that stupid
garage sale game he has.
Gameguru at live.vognetwork.com says, if you want to play a free to play Ultima, go to
Good Old Games, Ultima 4, and the two worlds of Ultima games are free over there.
I didn't know Ultima 4 was still free.
I thought that was just a weekend promotion, but yeah, there are some good Ultima goodness
over at Good Old Games.
When I was talking about Ultima Revival, Stan had brought up Ultima Dancing Game, cause
you know, that's where everything's going these days.
Acidic Vampire follows that up with Ultima Rhythm.
No, I don't, I mean, Ulta Rhythm.
There was some good music in the NES ports of Ultima, but I think for a long time there
really wasn't music in the Ultima games.
Then later on you would get like the AdLib soundtracks and so forth, but I forgot about
the AdLib.
Yeah, I had one of those.
Fuck Sound Blaster.
I had an AdLib.
That thing was the shit.
All right, anyhow, that's it, Ultima Forever, coming soon, Dark Sakura.
I just signed up for the beta.
Did you?
I just did, yeah.
I kind of want to sign up too.
We'll see.
Is it a Facebook game?
I don't see anything about that.
If it's a Facebook game, I'm out.
Well, if it's on Facebook, then I'm sure as fuck not going to play it, but I mean, I won't
find out until they put out a release, you know?
Yeah.
It's an Ultima free-to-play game, though, but this is, this is cartoony.
Okay, whatever, okay, so how about a new model for PS3?
Another one?
Wait a minute.
Sony's only supposed to put out two models this cycle.
The 4000 series is rumored to be out at Gamescom next month, and it is, there's a 4011C is
the one that we've got a picture of here, I mean, it still looks like a Foreman grill,
but at any rate, the pictures, sorry, the pictures and information were coming from
the British Agency of Telecommunications website, so I mean, it looks like it's ridged with
a sliding panel, but I mean, like I said, still looks like a Foreman grill, but it does
fall in with the FCC documents that Sony filed earlier in the month.
This does have the new waffle attachment, though, so you can make waffles!
Waffles!
I wonder if I can cook chicken on it, and then we'll have waffles.
Fact or crap, though, because this whole thing's still a rumor, right?
Well, we've got a picture of it, and they did file documents with the FCC.
Well, the fact that there's a new system SKU coming that's, you know, this FCC filing true,
the fact that these pictures are of it or not, eh, maybe.
I'm going to the Brazilian website real quick.
It'd be better if it was a hoax, it'd be better if it was all wood grain.
Yes, I want it in English.
I do not speak Portuguese website.
Anyhow, do we need another PlayStation design, though?
I think I put it in Esperanto.
Well, there is, I mean, there's a lot of speculation on what it was, and based on these pictures,
which they're assuming are real, they said it looked like it had top-loading disk drive,
which that would be weird, but...
Going back to the PlayStation 1 with that, it's pretty cool.
We know how well that worked.
That'd be interesting, I gotta say.
Can I prop the door open to load region-locked games?
I guess I don't have to worry about that on PS3.
Only one.
Only one, yeah.
All right, moving on.
So I know this is going to come as a shock, but there's another game being ripped off
on the iPhone App Store.
This time it's Torchlight.
Apparently there's a game called Armed Heroes Online.
Yes, I know, sounds generic enough.
It's on the Canadian iTunes store, and apparently they've ripped off nearly all the assets for
Torchlight.
And the game code doesn't look like it's actually been ripped, but definitely all the assets
from the game, all the 3D models and stuff, have been ripped and put into this game.
So that's kind of surprising.
And the makers of Torchlight are understandably pissed.
Yeah, they're definitely pissed off.
Now here's the question.
Obviously, and I think it mentions this in the story, it's coming from another country.
It's not a US country, or excuse me, it's not a US or Canadian company even that's doing
it.
It's a company out of Beijing, right?
Yeah, EGLS Technology.
They're based out of Beijing.
And the game itself is free to play.
Of course, they have in-app purchases, some upwards to almost $100.
And it's just bad.
The makers of Torchlight can't sue this company.
And if it were me, I would be so mad.
I would want to sue.
But you can't do that, really.
That's not the way the world works, sadly.
So now it comes back to, well, Apple should be able to recognize this stuff.
But if I'm hearing it correctly, they didn't rip off the game, they ripped off all the
art assets.
So to a person who looks at 100 apps a day, you know, to give the approval or denial,
maybe they didn't catch it.
So now what do you do?
How do you stop this shit?
Well, they must have, they should have a way that you can flag it or something and say,
you know, flagging for, you know, obscenities or for, you know, copyright infringement or
something like that.
So this can be looked at by somebody.
And granted, there's gonna be some false positives or whatever people are saying, oh, I'm just
gonna, I'm gonna say you ripped off Tetris or something.
But you know, it would be a good way to, you know, have it police itself, I guess.
I don't know.
I have to say, that's actually kind of a good idea.
You know, and people who just cry wolf too much would obviously be banned themselves
from being able to do that in the future.
But yeah, I think they're gonna need to go to some type of community policing system,
unfortunately.
I mean, Apple's, I think, been pretty good when this stuff is called to their attention.
I mean, I've heard that they just, like this company, will probably never be able to put
another thing up on the iTunes store.
But oh, well, they'll just apply under a new name.
Oh, yeah, it's gonna be really hard to get one of those $100 developer licenses.
So.
Yep.
So.
I'm sure that'll be difficult for them to acquire and change their name to, you know.
I don't know.
Not company that ripped off Torchlight Inc.
Well, this is a game people are excited about and maybe it'll get ripped off and put out
here sooner than the actual game itself will come out here.
Phantasy Star Online 2.
It is officially, as of this week, coming to North America and Europe.
It's happening early next year, early 2013.
And it's pretty.
Producer Satoshi Sakai says the wait will be worth it.
Quote, the number one thing we want to provide to players in PSO2 is an adventure that changes
every time they log in.
Just as a great tabletop RPG experience revolves around imaginative and unexpected encounters,
we want players to consistently be surprised as they explore dungeons and undertake quests.
I don't, speaking of surprise, I don't know if you saw the article where apparently that
game was hacked and someone had moved the NPCs around.
And so they put them on top of buildings and stuff like that.
Already?
Already.
Good gosh.
It was funny, though, because they showed, it's like, hey, those quest-giving people
are way up there.
That's unfortunate.
Wow.
I guess some other things with this.
It's out in Japan right now and it's free to download and it's free to sign up for because
I know Shane.
He might call into the show later to talk about it and I've been begging him to do something
for VOG on it, but, uh, he's been playing it because I guess you can just sign up and
play it.
And he's been begging me to play with him, but I'm like, no, cause I don't like the Japanese
text will frustrate me to no end that I don't understand everything.
I have to know every little detail.
It's not a good idea for me to play this game.
So, but it totally play the crap out of it.
I was going to say, if you know a little more Japanese and it doesn't bother you as much
as it does me that you don't understand it, um, go check it out.
Apparently you can, it's out now in Japan.
It's easy to get in there and play, uh, let's move on before we get to the release date
Stark Sakura.
Well, um, here's another case of stupid parents.
Um, there's a dad, uh, blaming Microsoft for his son spending money, which I don't see
how Microsoft stood there with, you know, strings on his hand or mind control device.
The guy's name is Sam Guerra.
Um, his son's name is Nick.
Uh, they live in Wolverhampton in, uh, over in the UK.
And uh, he said that the son spent, uh, at that 1,150 pounds on Xbox live, which is a
good two grand here, roughly, um, basically spending about a hundred pounds a day on games
such as FIFA and call of duty.
But he wasn't realizing he was spending real money.
Why aren't you watching your fucking bank account?
Why do you have this credit card put in the system when you have a 12 year old playing
it who does, uh, apparently wasn't paying attention in school and did not understand
how money works.
You know, especially since they do put the warnings up there, you know, they've got it
on there exactly how much different items cost in terms of points.
Sometimes you can run up those charges behind your parents back.
Like when I was 12 I was addicted to prodigy chat rooms.
No, no, no, no, no.
I got in so much fucking trouble though, the month that bill came in home and I'm not even,
I'm not even getting it to them for, you know, saying that, Oh, I didn't know it was real
money.
That's bullshit because yes, they're going to try to use the excuse because it's Microsoft
points.
The problem is though, when you run out of Microsoft points, you have to refill it, which
means you have to go purchase Microsoft points.
It says purchase Microsoft points.
It shows you this is how much 1000 Microsoft points costs.
This is how much 8,000 Microsoft points costs and it has real money attached to it.
You're telling me that he didn't know that was real money.
He knew that was real money.
Yeah, no one's that dumb.
I'm sorry.
And if your child is that dumb, then clearly needs to be in special education or something.
And if he needs to not be playing the xbox on super, it's not Microsoft's fault.
It's your stupid kid's fault.
And it's your fault for not being a better parent for not being more responsible and
keeping an eye on what the hell your damn kids doing instead of using the xbox as a
babysitter and a story.
All I gotta say is that kid looks like he has fear in his eyes and that father looks
like he is angry as hell.
So I'm guessing that he was taken care of.
Microsoft their response and I'm quoting, there are multiple opportunities where consumers
are asked to confirm their purchases.
The price is clearly displayed on the screen.
It should also be noted that xbox live accounts registered for children's use have online
activity automatically defaulted to off and that these can be enabled should a parent's
wish in the family settings section.
These settings include specifying the email address to which all purchase notifications
are sent and using other features such as over the shoulder approval that allow the
account holder to give permission for purchases by typing in a password.
So yeah, again, you're stupid.
I love this comment in our chat room live.vognetwork.com.
Game Guru says it's always FIFA and Ahamkara says FIFA again, why is that game always involved
when it comes to money theft?
Hold on though.
It's not really theft in this case.
It's just their massive irresponsibility.
They're just trying to pass the buck.
That's all they're trying.
Oh yeah.
Um, the parent wants the money back and they're that desperate.
Well, no.
What do you think?
Oh, we just want an apology.
No, you don't.
You want your damn money and you're, you know, you're trying to say face is what you're trying
to do.
Yeah.
And sorry, it needs to burn a hole in your pocket so that you understand, you know, hit
you where you're hurt, where it hurts.
Have some responsibility.
I mean, let's, let's put it this way.
I mean, this is a 12 year old that's grown up in pretty much like a digital age.
He knows how it fucking works.
He is not fucking oblivious to how purchasing stuff works.
Acidic vampire in our chat says you said the kid was 12.
If he doesn't know what currency is, then you must live under our rock.
Like that's the age where you're in junior high school and aren't you like buying lunches
sometimes?
They know what currency is.
They come on.
This is ridiculous.
It's just because even Josh knows what currency is at this point probably.
He knows he probably understood that he was spending money, but as I've mentioned before,
when the brain is developing, it's all about the immediate reward instead of the longterm
consequence.
And this goes on in guys at least until between 25 and 27 on an average developmental range.
And for women between 24 and 25, I don't know what you're talking about.
It's brain development.
Anyway.
You mean all those trips I went on between 25 and 27 was just me lashing out?
Okay.
And I will find, there's actually an article on it a few months ago in National Geographic,
but I read everything.
But basically the brain is as big as it's going to be, but it's still forming neural
pathways until it reaches full maturity, which is in the late twenties.
Which explains a lot of drama when you're young, you know, and bad relationships and
lots of, you know.
Oh my God.
Dark soccer.
I can't believe you would say that.
Shut up.
But it, you know, it does why, you know, there's the going out and drinking and then driving
and wrecking your car when you're not thinking about the consequence because your brain right
then is not programmed to think of the longterm consequences programmed to think of watch
out or someone's going to use that as an excuse in court officer.
I was drinking and driving because my brain isn't fully developed yet.
You know what?
A dark soccer on orange lounge radio said, no, clearly there is different, but like,
but going back to a kid, the kid's going to have poor impulse control without having a
set reinforced expectation of punishment.
If they do something bad, you know, it's like, or they might not even care, but the
point is, is that it doesn't mean he's stupid that he doesn't know better.
It means he knew better and didn't care.
So that, that's completely on the parent that you have to, if you don't want any of that
crap to happen, you have to, you know, cut off the means of making it happen.
You have to not be an enabler, not necessarily disable the action, but not make it open to
where they can actively do it.
That's part of your responsibility.
All right.
Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates and see what money we can
spend on little purchases in the game in the next couple of weeks.
Loki start here in the U S what's coming out here.
Uh, I'm, there's really not anything coming up this week.
I want to say the only game coming out is heroes are ruined on three D S that's it kind
of a boring week, which actually is supposed to be a pretty good game.
It's coming from screen.
So check it out.
Tell Japan on the X-Box three 16, Assassin's Creed one and two welcome pack, I guess kind
of a catch up collection is coming out in Japan at a lower price on the PlayStation
three.
That same pack is coming out as well as some other games, including Sangoku Hime Senko
no Taika Akasuki no Hyu.
That's in regular and luxury limited edition.
I'm trying to figure out what this game is.
It's a strategy game and there aren't really any screenshots posted, but I see like dragons
and tigers.
So I'm dragging.
That's ancient mythology.
Yeah.
So maybe it's like kind of a Nobunaga ish game.
I don't know.
Um, yeah, but then it didn't have much to do with actual with crouching tiger hidden
drag.
No doubt it.
Now what I find also interesting is that this is a peripheral coming out in Japan.
It's like a 500 gigabyte drive for your PlayStation three, basically what it is.
It's like a, um, recorder kit and this is kind of weird.
It's like this little thing that you can, I guess, record TV.
Yeah.
They had like a DVR thing that was supposed to for the PSU back there.
Yeah.
So, I mean, they get that kind of stuff in Japan.
Not here.
You can buy stuff like that price.
Um, yeah, but it's not official technically and it doesn't save your PlayStation drive
unless you use some creative workarounds.
Uh, anyhow, also pointing out on the PlayStation Vita, uh, Jikyu Powerful Pro Yaku 2012 comes
out from Konami this week.
Baseball.
Yup.
And lastly, let me check the 3DS here, uh, if it'll load for me, I love live radio.
Rune Factory 4 comes out this week as well as Rayman Origins gets its Japanese release
on the 3DS.
And something they call, this isn't a game, but some type of accessory candy bar for Nintendo
3DS.
Candy bar is a doll maker.
In black, blue, peach and white.
Yeah.
Is that the doll maker?
Yeah, it is.
Yeah, I guess.
I guess.
Is this some type of like accessory kit for stickers and stuff for the 3DS?
I guess.
Let me, are there any other screen caps?
Nope.
That's it.
Well, I know that there's like a series of virtual doll makers that are called candy
bar.
Hmm.
So.
Well, there you go.
Japanese release dates.
Two things in the UK.
Tony Hulk's Pro Skater HD on the 18th and Boulder Dash XL 3D on the 20th for the 3DS.
That's it.
I wonder where everybody's at right now.
I guess on vacation.
Cause we don't have a lot of games coming out.
The news was a little bit slow this week too.
It's weird.
Although there was a big story for you, Loki.
I know.
There was a few things actually.
It wasn't mentioned on here, but they had another screenshot or trailer.
I think it was a screenshot for the Earth Defense Force game.
Earth Defense Force 3 Portable is the one that was 2017.
Over here on 360.
Remember it's coming out on the Vita.
They showed a screenshot with the Jetpack Girl from number 2, which is awesome.
Not to mention that that game also has 4 player co-op.
Also awesome.
But D3!
I love them.
They announced Earth Defense Forces 4.
They have a teaser page on their website and it's a new game from Sandlot.
I can't wait.
And in fact it's Earth Defense Forces.
I don't remember if the other games were Earth Defense Forces or if it's just Earth Defense
Force.
So I don't care.
I'm gonna play that sucker.
And if I have to import it, I'm gonna import it.
Cause I love me some Earth Defense Force.
Oh I'm sure it'll come out here too.
Oh yeah it will, but not after a, you know, quite a delay, but oh I cannot wait.
It's gonna be awesome.
I don't even care.
I mean really cause it could be an absolutely terrible game cause 2017 was a terrible game.
But it was fun.
And that was the best part about it.
So hopefully we'll see something before Tokyo Game Show.
But if not, maybe at Tokyo Game Show.
Alright well there was a rumor going around at Comic Con about a possible game made out
of Tron Uprising.
There was a Tron Uprising panel at Comic Con apparently.
I didn't even know about that.
But apparently they were doing one.
And I don't know if you've seen the anime yet, but it's pretty good.
Well I keep calling it an anime cause it has that style to it, but I guess technically
it's not.
I mean if you want to get technical with me it's not, but whatever.
Cartoon.
I missed a bunch of episodes of that.
Whatever you want to call it.
Tron Uprising.
Anime is short for animation.
Yep.
So yes and it is an animation.
So deal.
But anyhow they had a panel at Comic Con and I guess they were told at the panel this would
look great on a Wii.
Wait a minute.
Dot dot dot.
And a lot of folks took that away saying oh my gosh they're teasing a Tron Uprising game
on the Wii.
Which had me thinking why?
The Wii is pretty much gone.
It'll be a Wii U.
It'll be a Wii U.
Yeah.
Right.
They're not putting anything on the Wii.
And then it came out and N-Space actually came out and said we were actually referencing
the Tron Evolution Battle Grids game on the Wii.
They are not working on a new Tron title at this time.
Boo.
So the little tease.
It's still early for the series.
I mean given like a year.
Especially if there's going to be a third movie.
Especially you know because Disney's running out of things to make games on right now.
I mean because they have you know Epic Mickey 2 and stuff, but next year they'll be like
uhhhh well let's see another Pixar movie maybe?
Well no I don't think there's another Pixar movie anytime soon.
Brave just came out so you gotta wait till next year.
I think the monster's a single.
Wreck-It Ralph, which I'm about to get into here.
Wreck-It Ralph has been confirmed that he's going to be a playable character in Sonic
Racing Transformed.
No word if it's exclusive to the Nintendo consoles because we know there's that whole
interesting Nintendo deal going on, but he will be a character for sure in the Nintendo
3DS version on November 16th.
This is that same racing game that has like Danica Patrick and stuff, huh?
So you can be Wreck-It Ralph or Danica Patrick.
Makes sense since they've got a cameo from Dr. Eggman in there or Botnik.
But that's kind of fun.
So there you go.
Those are some Disney gaming news.
Dang it.
What?
You alright?
No the shirt that I wanted to buy is sold out only in XXL and that's way too big for
me.
What shirt were you trying to buy?
The ladies Normandy crew shirt.
It was 11 bucks.
I do want to get the bumper sticker for my car that says my other ride is a Normandy.
I wouldn't mind the hoodie but it's 50 bucks.
Alright let's travel back in time to when gaming was simpler.
And there wasn't 50 dollar tie-ins for video games.
Actually there totally was.
I remember a catalog in Nintendo Power once that was selling Super Mario Brothers underwear.
So they've been profiting off video games for forever.
I don't know if this is a game that they profited off of but I imagine they made a little bit
of money off of this game.
Dark Soccer what is tonight's classic game of the week?
Classic game of the week is Shinobi for the arcade.
Yep it is Shinobi.
It's about damn time I actually did that.
Instead of sequels like Shadow Dancer and Revenge of Shinobi and all that.
So basically you are Jomosashi who has to rescue kidnapped students from a group of
terrorists.
After the arcade version it went out on the master system and then was converted to the
NES PC Engine and home computers and now you can play it emulated on the Wii and Xbox 360.
So yeah there were all kinds of stuff.
You are trying to stop a criminal organization called Zeed.
Then they are kidnapping the ninja children.
Ooh so you have to go rescue them.
Ooh and then beat all the bosses.
Can I just say this is my favorite most interesting thing in Shinobi and maybe you are going to
get to this in a minute but it's the whole Warhol Marilyn Monroe portrait that's randomly
in the background in one stage.
And the mist colored Spiderman.
Yes.
What is up with that?
So your stages you had five stages.
Your first one is pursue the terrorists where you have to kill Ken-O and then two is you
kill Black Turtle Attack Chopper and they drop a bunch of ninja on you.
Then three is killing Mandara that sounds kind of like I guess a good tranny name.
And then four is killing the lobster.
Mandara.
Shantae you stay.
I'm not saying trannies are the same as drag queens because that's offensive and even that
term is offensive to some so I apologize.
I'm just trying to be ignorant radio hosts.
Anyway mission five is killing the masked ninja.
So it's side scrolling.
You can throw your shuriken.
You can hit them with your sword and you also have ninja magic.
Ooh.
And your enemies can hide behind boxes or use blocks to shield your attacks.
So and then if you complete each stage without using your ninja magic or without using any
shuriken or bullets you earn points bonuses.
And you have three minutes to finish each stage.
So for the Master System it came out in Japan on June 19, 1988 and then came out in the
US after that.
There were different bonus stages that were in the game.
We had for home versions we had the Amiga.
We had the Atari ST, Commodore 64, the Armstrong CPC and ZX Spectrum.
And they were all developed by the sales curve and published by Virgin Mastertronic and in
Europe and by Sega in North America except for the Amstrad and Spectrum versions because
guess what we didn't have that.
The PC Engine version came out in Japan by Asmik on December 8, 1989.
And then we had a NES version and like I said later on came out by on Wii and Xbox 360.
And then in the Sonic Ultimate, Sonic's Ultimate Genesis collection it was included with that
too.
So yeah there's actually not anything on here.
I'm gonna try to, hold on I'm gonna find this real quick, play some music Rob.
Oops.
It's not really music so much as it is dude jumping up over.
Okay the Spiderman was actually in Revenge of Shinobi.
But there were guys that moved like Spiderman to Shinobi.
There's totally like an inverse Spiderman looking guy right in the first stage.
So and apparently Batman was in Revenge of Shinobi as well.
So that's it Shinobi.
There it is your classic game of the week Shinobi for the arcade by Sega.
Do you know what Shinobi means?
No I think it means stealth but don't quote me.
Alright we are gonna take a break here folks but we will be right back don't go anywhere
we have rapid fire news coming up, Twitter topics at twitter.com slash o-l-r get those
in.
The mailbag at mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com and more news all when we come back with more
of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio live on this July the 15th of 2012 with episode
number 465 of our show live as we are every Sunday at vog network dot com.
We're about to get into some rapid fire news but I wanted to ask Jamie I noticed one thing
we haven't talked about on air yet is you know what we're eating behind the scenes.
Loki is you know chowing down on his Carl's Jr. tonight but Dark Soccer and I were enjoying
beer.
Yes cause beer is the food of the gods.
I gotta say it's pretty awesome because today just on a whim Alan and I went out for lunch
brunch whatever at this place we've gone to for dinner sometimes a brewing company we
have here in SAC and we went there for lunch and what we learned today is that whenever
you eat there on a Sunday they give you free beer to go like the waitress came by was like
okay um now you get free 22 ounce beer for each entree you order so what beer did you
want to take home with you and we're like cool you get free beer and I'm like bring
me the darkest thing you got because I only drink dark beer yeah so that what what's Alan
what's the name of the brand on the counter there it's a midnight what is it total total
eclipse black ale so Dark Soccer and I are enjoying a beer tonight and yes and it was
good and it was good so says Dark Soccer so we're chowing down on free beer I mean it's
not like it's food but it's not I mean pretzels with bread yes it's liquid bread all right
let's get into some rapid fire news some games you can play while you enjoy your beer and
I'm sure this first one would be a really hilarious game with a lot enough beer so you
know Ubisoft purveyors of many dance games some great some good you may remember that
they did Michael Jackson the experience that's pretty cool then Black Eyed Peas experience
all right I'll follow you there now it's the hip-hop dance experience yes you can dance
like other hip-hop artists including they're gonna have rappers delight and they even mentioned
Flo Rida and I gotta admit I gotta say some of the video that they showed in there they
actually show somebody like doing a lot of floor work which good luck seeing that on
a connect I don't think that's gonna be able to work but neat if they show you like all
the breakdancing stuff and you know I don't know when you talk about like rappers delight
being in the game I can't help but think about this I know that's quiet as hell and you can't
hear that but that's the rapping grandma from the wedding singer that was great here's the
thing I'm I'm torn in a couple things reasons one I mean I don't play a lot of dancing games
but back in high school I did take you know like a hip-hop dance class and it was fun
so might be something I'm interested in probably not something I'm gonna be picking up although
if I do get a free copy I'll be sure to try it out not on camera so that'd be neat black
eyed peas I not on camera gee I wonder why black eyed peas the experience though is should
be pretty cheap by now so that might try picking that up they also of course this game is being
done by a niece and you know they're behind leap beat agents so a little bit of pedigree
there and of course near the game itself looks very similar to black eyed peas the experience
neat I guess all right so another cool bit of info Nintendo released that they have sold
over 5 million 3ds systems in the US to date and that's almost almost been a year's time
since they've dropped the price on 3ds so not bad not bad considering that they weren't
doing too well as of last year around this time and I'm sure that there is a big help
thanks to the Legend of Zelda Ocarina of Time 3d which sold over a million copies Super
Mario 3d Land which sold 2.1 million copies and Mario Kart 7 which sold 1.75 million copies
and of course they haven't really said anything about Kid Icarus Uprising something it's too
bad but I don't think it sold that many copies and last but not least Capcom is bringing
Jojo's Bizarre Adventure to HD and coming to the Playstation Network and Xbox Live arcade
game the wonderful was it System 3 I can't remember it was on that weird arcade hardware
but yeah it's 2d fighting game based on the anime series manga series and you know getting
the typical Capcom HD Perez special filters treatment it's going to be available for 1600
Microsoft points or 1999 and it launches on August 21st on the Playstation Network and
22nd on Xbox Live arcade all right moving on a lot of people went squeak about this
this week Hello Kitty meets Sonic the Hedgehog yes there's this little doll that is Hello
Kitty meeting Sonic the Hedgehog and I know this doesn't make good radio but just as Sonic
the Hedgehog it's cute well you know it's kind of it does look like what would happen
if the two of them had a baby let's be real it's like it looks like the cosplay outfits
that they do for Hello Kitty regularly it's like an if they made it segment out of Conan
O'Brien or something like that anyhow these are available the Sonic cross helo couse
at Hello Kitty Hello Kitty jumbo plushie is available or will be available at Sega amusement
parks in Japan starting in late July it is commemorating the reopening of Sega's Tokyo
Joyopolis on June 14th I guess the Hello Kitty Chun-Li plush will have to do for now that's
available at Comic-Con for 40 bucks I'm pretty sure it's already gone if you want that not
not a fan of Hello Kitty cross Chun-Li not a fan I don't like Chun-Li do you like Dark
Stalkers yes especially Morgan's boobs all right well then maybe this news will make
you a little more excited again this has to do a little bit with Comic-Con a comment was
made by Yoshinori Ono that people are reading into here and it had to do with you know he's
been telling fans tell Capcom what you want tell Capcom you want to do Dark Stalkers you
know this year apparently he said quote at Comic-Con he said quote this year you don't
have to do that and it's not necessarily bad news but he couldn't say much more than that
and of course a lot of people are reading into that that oh well if you don't need to
bug Capcom anymore it's because it's happening but I mean you know this has been speculated
for a while would make a lot of sense I'm sure it's a thing yeah the only bummer is
it's going to come out the same year that new consoles start coming out and I bet this
is probably for the old consoles so I mean hopefully people don't miss this but it's
something that they could release spring fall I mean I don't even think it's necessarily
a bad thing that's coming out for new consoles and we don't even know if new consoles are
coming out this next year I mean it's speculated that's probably the earliest at the launch
but they could still hold off another year true very true additional characters for PlayStation
All-Stars Battle Royale have been announced Cole McGrath Jack and Dexter all coming to
PlayStation All-Stars Battle Royale that of course is the game that sure has a lot of
similarities to Super Smash Brothers but trust us it's a completely different game but it
has a lot of people very excited it'll be one of the bigger holiday releases from Sony
moving on Dark Sakura well for fans of Street Fighter there is going to be a ps3 Street
Fighter anniversary collection which actually I think I've brought up before because I mean
this has been the pictures have been out for a little while but there's more stuff that's
been slated for it what's coming out with this is it looks like it's going to have the
ps1 versions of Street of Street Fighter alpha the Street Fighter alpha 3 for PSP and then
DLC for Street Fighter 3 Third Strike Online and 175 PSN avatars really all I care about
is the reuse statue all I care about that and I wouldn't buy it on ps3 I'd get it on
Xbox 360 where I can use a decent controller and then Zone of the Enders there's going
to be the HD collection and it's very cel-shaded and j-poppy it looks pretty good from what
I saw but it's sorry my nose was itching but basically it's going to be there's a why am
I so so tongue-tied today you drink beer no at any rate there's seven minutes of footage
from the game available online and it's like I said cel-shaded has anime style cutscenes
and it's all j-poppy so moving on from that how about the Steam Summer Sale it's still
going we've got as of today Max Payne 3 for 30 bucks which is 50% off NO2070 Warhammer
40k pay to the highs tribes ascend starter pack from dust the binding of Isaac for a
buck 24 that's a 99 pence over in the UK indie bundle 2 for 10 bucks and sonic generations
for 1019 which I want Sonic Generations I'm getting that instead so that's it to register
participation for this week's episode of orange lounge radio on vog network.com use the pass
phrase bowling all right this is the part of the show where we would usually ask the
frugal question of the week except there was a little bit of Rob failed this week I didn't
ask anything so I apologize for that but I will go ahead and plug our Facebook and Google
Plus communities facebook.com slash orange lounge radio and of course you can find us
on Google Plus by searching for orange lounge radio and answer whatever question we post
next week I was working on other vog stuff literally all afternoon and I usually do the
question there's more songs and network rotation all that stuff now is one thing I was working
on today getting some more of that stuff coded and all that so yep otherwise though sadly
no question this week but we will have the mailbag coming up after a few more news stories
Loki all right so let's talk a little bit about fun stuff including DRM that just sucks
in Ubisoft you may remember it has the wonderful you play or maybe in this oh yeah wonderful
because their server is down perfect example of why this always connected internet DRM
sucks and Ubisoft's play are you play client or you're not playing because it's offline
right now it's been down for a bit and of course people are pitching a fit because hey
I can't play my Assassin's Creed game or hey I can't you know log in at all and this just
sucks but just kind of wanted to punctuate the fact that you know this not a good method
of DRM in other words here we go again I don't know it's just I don't understand why they
I mean I like let me just quote a few complaints in the cannot log into you play forum on Ubisoft
Ubisoft you're going to be twats and treat your paying customers like criminals who get
to avoid your crap by partying them to begin with here's a tip if you're going to have
always on DRM make sure your DRM is always fucking on and you know of course we'll see
here how long until the class-action lawsuit probably probably not gonna happen but why
are you kidding Loki this is America of course it's gonna happen it's only before before
you all blah blah blah to me about the user and agreement and all that stuff you have
to click OK to please like that stop the guy who is bitching about Microsoft and you know
the kid buying points true that's gonna stop anyone apparently according to their form
manager that it's back up now but I mean I don't know it's just it's just not very very
good I mean that's the only comment I guess it's been made by those people and apparently
they've been having this problem since yesterday morning it's been almost 24 hours since this
thing's been down so that kind of sucks Bobby in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com says
I am still sad SimCity has always on DRM they did confirm that recently again they hope
to learn from others mistakes with their SimCity always on DRM now granted that's not Ubisoft
but still it's one reason I probably won't buy it the fact that they say that they've
they want to learn from others mistakes and they have always on DRM proves that they haven't
learned from other people's mistakes plain simple I mean Diablo had problems yep Diablo's
continuing to have problems we we went into this a little bit on Horde house plug plug
this week my other show that's more about the Blizzard stuff especially World of Warcraft
is that we were talking about how Diablo 3's endgame even Blizzard is it to come out and
say it's not quite what they anticipated and Diablo 3 it's not a flop but from a fanboy
rabidness standpoint like how loyal the fan base is to the game it's losing clout significantly
significantly over Diablo 2 I know that sounds like a really weird ranking but let me put
it this way if a Diablo 4 were announced tomorrow people wouldn't be as excited as they would
have been if the game went a little differently that's my point so anyway well also something
to consider when you know people are when they're pitching you the next expansion to
Starcraft 2 or something like that which is still supposed to come out in 2013 who gives
a shit honestly I mean rabid Starcraft players of which there are still a few but here's
my thing is I don't here's what I don't understand okay it's an expansion for what I assume is
the single player campaign right or co-op campaign or whatever if you're playing multiplayer
just to play like death matches and stuff like that who gives a shit about an expansion
supposed to add new units and you got it add new units and maps and other things that will
be unique and I believe the Blizzard Dota will be a part of the new expansion which
is a big deal for some people shit and that's all right now all right if my Hello Kitty
cross Sonic thing would not make Dark Sakura squee I know this next story will make Dark
Sakura squeeze so pay attention Dark Sakura because announced during the Marvel panel
at this year's San Diego Comic-Con High Moon Studios developing and Activision publishing
a Deadpool game yes and I've seen quite a bit of this and I pleased and it's going to
be launching on who knows what in 2013 we don't know if it's like a next-gen thing or
if it's you know for PlayStation 3 Xbox 360 the usual suspect they say if they got Nolan
North to do the voice again Nolan North will be reprising role as the assassin that was
the one thing that I didn't see and he's like seriously the best voice actor for Deadpool
they didn't specify a whole lot of other answers there were some questions from audience members
and so forth and they said there will be lots more to come and the teaser trailer is now
out there I want to take a look it's mainly because they can't put out another fucking
spider-man game next year it's just like shit what do we need that they need a new a new
movie tie-in or game tie-in or Marvel tie-in or something I don't know how about an Avengers
game the Ubisoft sorry put out an Avengers game this year and it sucks so I'm just saying
that's too bad it is too bad how do you fuck up the Avengers game apparently give it to
Ubisoft why do you love Deadpool so much star Sakura for those that may not you know no
because he's freaking insane and he's like one of the few good things that Liefeld did
because Liefeld just cannot draw people at all but Deadpool is just sort of like yeah
he goes around killing people but he makes jokes he's really funny and he's fucked up
in the head and like my old wallpaper for a long time was him killing a horde of clowns
that were attacking him and it was the best thing ever and that he's super funny and everything
that he isn't except there's way too many Deadpool comics out right now so the market
was way oversaturated and it also gives Liefeld an excuse to draw again and I do not like
Liefeld's drawing and there's that the you know tendency to defect the fourth wall yes
that too because well the only other I think like there's a couple of other Marvel characters
that do that one of them being She-Hulk who her law firm uses old issues of Marvel comics
as legal research so it's pretty funny but yeah she and Deadpool who were two of my favorite
characters break the fourth wall all the time and that and Deadpool talks to his inner voices
and sometimes they tell him he has to pee and other stuff all right uh Darcyra what
do you got for us next to news in news it's not yeah time no no time okay well how about
um valve uh having a counter for EA's uh statement about cheapen cheapening intellectual property
basically EA's um dude said that uh steam's huge sales will cheapen intellectual property
and that they're not gonna copy that they want the they said the game manufacturer makers
work hard to make the intellectual property and we're not going to be target we're trying
to be Nordstrom did you see that there was a great side-by-side picture of all these
games on origin and then what they cost on steam right now and it was it was really something
else but you know in the digital world first off target is really not a bad store I want
to say I proudly shop at Target despite all the anti-gay stuff you're hearing on the internet
whatever deals though with like actual big-name designers like they worked with Anna Sui they
were to who's that I think he's already yeah so they get good deals out there and they
bring designer goods to the average market now if you had said like Nordstrom in the
99 cent clearance center or a store I prefer not to go to in some neighborhoods maybe I
would understand that a little more but targets not exactly a bad place well here's the other
thing too is they do realize that no one's holding a gun to these developers heads you
know about marking their games down it's something that these developers chose to do or these
publishers chose to do well but is it one of them EA because Mass Effect 2 and some
of the older stuff well they're the ones that chose to do that to mark it down so you know
if you don't want cheap in your product then why include yourself in the sale I mean it's
not steam going okay we're gonna hey hey developer you know what we're just gonna go ahead and
mark your title down so you're just gonna be getting less money for each copy sold I
mean they're not doing that they're coordinating with these people that want to be part of
these sales so EA is a bit hypocritical there that they're like oh these guys shocked let's
mark our own tiles we get some more sales well how about I finish the article because
they interviewed the business development chief Jason Holtman and he was basically saying
you know they're making money for all their partners the discounts serve different functions
that's a quote on here highlighting serves a lot of functions the qualities of the games
serve a lot of functions everything we've seen PC games and IP and all those franchises
are more valuable today than they were four or five years ago and he goes on to say later
on that we do here's a quote here we do it with our own games if we thought having a
75% sale on Portal 2 would cheap in Portal 2 we wouldn't do it we know that there are
all kinds of ways customers consume things get value come back build franchises we think
lots of these things strengthen it and they said later on that if we some if we were somehow
on a cycle yeah they're saying that the based on their 40 million users that they haven't
run into the people waiting for stuff to go on sale that they said that if they were seeing
people just waiting for stuff to go on sale they definitely wouldn't do it with their
own titles but it's their own titles that they put out there first for those super sales
because people will still order them they'll still wait for that release date they'll still
want it day one because they're fans of it and they like the service and they know that
later on there's going to be another good deal with it you know remember when they gave
Portal away for free yes free and they conveniently did that not long before Portal 2 came out
oh and it was also right in line with the Mac version of Steam so and this one thing
that I really liked is that they recognize that there's a user base on Mac that wants
to play the games so they're making them available and now we've got them working on Linux so
they know people aren't just PC gamers hello you know artists like to play games to that
Borderlands game of the year edition for 750 mighty convenient that Borderlands 2 is coming
out in September yeah a little bit a little bit which you should pick it up pick up both
of them for the lance game of the year three hours left I think I was very very few hours
left when I purchased it before the show it might already be done all right a few more
stories for you guys and then the mail back oh I'm sorry well the other thing too is that
origin is still sitting at number two with 11 million registered users and steam has
like I said 40 million and EA is kind of forcing people to register too now to be fair valve
did that too in the beginning and people didn't like it but I'm just saying how much of that
11 million were people that wanted to sign up for the service or how many are battlefield
3 and Mass Effect 3 players had no choice I tell you what I still launched Mass Effect
3 through steam because I can do screen caps you have to turn off origin set it to launch
independent an independent game and then as it launches it it pulls up origin but you're
still playing it through the steam platform so you can do screen caps and I'll use all
of the steam goodies a little work around a little bit a few more stories for you guys
and then the mailbag mailbag at orange launch radio.com to send us an email for a future
week but first Loki so not to be outdone by the summer of arcade the PlayStation Network
has decided to go ahead and launch PlayStation Network play which is kind of like summer
of arcade during the month of August they're going to release a bunch of different games
that are going to be kind of part of this including and actually I guess it is part
of July to July 24th August 27th is when it's going to run there's going to be four games
launched on the PlayStation Network papa yo are papo and yo sound shapes counter-strike
global offensive and expendables to video game and I guess if you buy any combination
of those games you actually get some money back the more you buy the more you get back
two games get you three bucks if you buy all four games you get ten dollars and if you're
a PlayStation plus member you even get 20% on top of all that so it's kind of cool very
cool let's move on to one more story about Richard Garriott he here he is again in our
show apparently he has raised seven million dollars for a new iOS game it's a social RPG
right now I guess you know is obviously the portal area in which you know Loki's talked
about at length on the show previously hate that game you hate it because of what happened
with it because it's a piece of junk is just absolute crap I mean if you're gonna play
absolute crap yeah it's kind of cool to collect like old ass nostalgia stuff but it's a piece
of shit game well this new RPG that he's gonna be funding here is called new Britannia very
interesting that this comes out the same week as the whole Ultima forever thing cuz what
land did Ultima take place in Britannia so this game called new Britannia is gonna be
a social RPG we don't know what other ties it will have to Ultima obviously there's you
know the whole legal ends to it so be very interesting apparently some other new features
will be in it a synchronous gameplay social profiles so they're gonna Facebook my Ultima
game hooray Portolarium which is Richard Garriott's new gaming venture is also supposed to be
one of the launch companies in Zynga's partner program well that makes me double excited
about this news yeah let me just save everybody a lot of time that game sucked garage sale
game all right let's go to the mail bag every week you guys email us mailbag at orange lounge
radio.com we pull out a few of our favorite emails and read them right here on the show
sounded vaguely Kermit like Rob Kermit the e-frog here well at any rate god damn e-mails
thank you first ones from Jim Sally hey sexies let's say it's sexy Halloween night and your
love buddy wants to dress up sexy for you but as your favorite video game character
who would you want them to dress up as I would totally go for a night with Tifa from Final
Fantasy 7 that shit can knock me out all night let me know XOXO Jim Sally I suppose if I
say Kayden that's a little bit too obvious isn't it Garris I don't even know that just
doesn't exist in reality with me I mean that was just because the minute he said something
about that to his wife the wife would literally point laugh at him I really wouldn't be turned
on by that anyway you know not gonna lie I would a little bit I love my husband exactly
how he is and I think that dressing up for your significant other is stupid and a waste
of money now I dress up for cosplay necessarily if we cosplay together that would be different
and then I'd have to pounce him now if you want to pay there's anything wrong with dressing
up now now if my significant other would pay for a stripper that was dressed up like somebody
then I don't know I still know a hot redhead I don't know pick a hot redhead anyone I don't
know thumbs up sure okay so moving on this is from clover and Nikon hi I just wanted
to share a picture of what the children watched one day at vacation care it was an episode
of the 80s Super Mario Brothers cartoon and we keep up the great show and I will do my
best to visit vogue with more CG art and let me take a look at this picture of course it
comes up massive on my teeny little screen so I can't it's I did look at the picture
earlier and they are in their suit they are obviously watching the whole thing somebody
off with the fire finger they are indeed watching the old 80s Mario Brothers cartoon for sure
okay oh one great and it's a it's it's something all kids should watch it still gets rerun
on like some like little independent networks like nothing like CBS or whatever but if your
town has a ton of networks like I think for a while the PAX network remember that I don't
think they're called that anymore I think they're ion or something it's like it's mostly
god shows but like they would also have like randomly like mama's family reruns which was
a great show shut up or Mario Brothers Super Mario Brothers Super Show for a long time
so anyhow okay so moving forward um hey OLR it's been a while since I've written but I
wanted to extend a long overdue congratulations on the creation of the vogue network as a
small business owner myself I understand what a huge undertaking this must have been for
you and in such a small amount of time it's truly remarkable accomplishment also I miss
my opportunity to congratulate you on your landmark 10-year achievement thank you for
all of the laughs and the pure entertainment that you have provided me over the years I've
been listening since 2005 well you know what they say better late than never back to the
topic of gaming I recently had the pleasure of stumbling upon a fantastic game that I
am truly surprised flew completely under the radar this year binary domain for the ps3
and 360 it's been one of the most compelling stories of any TPS I've ever played I think
of toilet paper though sorry and is complemented by a truly unique cast of characters in visionary
world think Blade Runner meets Terminator it's got me thinking of how much there must
be hundreds of games every year that come out and are met with little to no publicity
or claim that they deserve can each of you think of a game that you have experienced
recently that was truly great but really wasn't covered by most of the major game outlets
and perhaps even overlooked by most gamers I'm not really referring to games like journey
for instance but that that didn't have the marketing blitz but enjoyed a lot of favorable
coverage by reviewers something more obscure and more underground if something comes to
mind oh I liked fractal that is seem to get a lot of buzz I'm gonna say the cold sept
games like cold sept saga on the 360 and I think I've referenced this on the show before
but it's kind of like magic the gathering meets monopoly I'm not sure why these games
aren't like a bigger deal but I guess maybe it's kind of a niche thing but yeah I really
like those games and they don't seem like I I didn't even know the 360 one was coming
out but like I saw like a random ass thing somewhere and I was like they're making one
but that was several years ago that it came out I'm sure it's near impossible to find
a copy of it now no in a way DDR kinda I mean incredible crisis remember how we were all
hooked on incredible crisis oh yeah that's old school that's really old school trying
to think of like newer stuff yeah imagine party babies rob I found you a copy last night
I loved yes thanks for the text I loved lost odyssey and a lot of people wrote that one
off and I don't know why no I didn't actually realize that WTF came out oh yeah I know but
I guess I wasn't thinking about it cuz I was like oh is it e3 one's gonna pay for this
you were asleep yeah I was asleep but I found the copy used easy earth defense force you
and your bugs of course it is an awesome game all right seriously 2017 is a lot better than
insect armageddon insect armageddon is a more polished game but it didn't sell what they
had hoped and because of that the publisher didn't really support it and that's kind of
disappointing because the levels are really limited in it but still great game oh and
of course president cat yes president cat go into our chat room at chat dot vog network
dot com or live dot vog network dot com immortal king says I would have said psychonauts but
that game applies acidic vampire says lost odyssey is the real Final Fantasy 13 yeah
I went there yep yeah that's cuz Final Fantasy 13 is really Final Fantasy 14 and then 14
doesn't exist all right there's more to that email oh I'm sorry I was looking at this binary
domain thing I don't know a lot about this game I do it's it was a third-person shooter
game that came up from Sega back in February it looked okay it's basically about robots
hiding themselves among other humans and starting to kind of take over and so it's basically
this like almost like a SEAL team or something like that coming in to solve this invasion
of Tokyo from these robots there's another game that was similar that kind of flew under
the radar I don't know if it was really good was inversion which had like this gravity
shifting mechanic to it and stuff oh yeah some people I knew were going crazy about
that one well finish the email sure on a closing note I'd like to give a shameless plug to
a video game powered power-up themed art show called this will increase your ex it's at
gallery 27 in Chicago and opening on Saturday August 4th if any of your listeners live in
the city I encourage you all to come and check it out I've attached some vintage style posters
of mine that will be in the show along with a few t-shirts will be selling and I gave
the link to the tumbler to Rama to put on our tumblr and to follow but it's a gallery
27 Chicago tumblr.com and looking at the stuff it's very very good work I'm I know we got
some Chicago peeps to listen to the show because I met somebody sent so check it out yeah these
are pretty your design skills are pretty fantastic so I wish I could just you know post these
in chat but unfortunately I can't so yeah check out gallery 27 tumblr I'm actually going
to follow them on my primary tumblr done that's no oh geez Rob hey olr I'm done no I'm with
that one hey olr I'm a huge fan of your show only have been listening for the past three
months but I can tell you you have a devoted listener now as well as a new vogue member
boot sucker you're fired Rob my question is directed to you Rob there should be a comma
by the way after you just saying you're new if you writing us you gotta get the grammar
tree yeah Jamie does all this all to the new listeners your grammar will be hazed yes it
will you know that last email that we got had stupendously wonderful grammar one a plus
for that emailer yeah they went on an invisible gold star I hit it soon we will have loot
on vogue network we can actually do a gold star email award yeah awarded on vogue network
I will reward you for proper grammar good spelling all right well I want to hear my
question man I hear that you have started playing Final Fantasy 11 again this is my
very first MMO I ever tried and I fell completely in love with this game as already being an
FF nut before as life went on and started realizing that this game is such a time sink
I left the game and started playing wow something a little less hardcore and time-consuming
than Final Fantasy 11 is you think that's less time-consuming okay yes because you don't
have the grind I mean you can spend all fucking day and night playing wow but you actually
will accomplish something true you have me interested in Final Fantasy 11 once again
with some of the changes you have said they have made my question is is there still a
good amount of people playing okay I'm gonna fix your grammar are there is still a good
amount of people playing is there a lot of downtime LFG or no syllable and still need
groups as a former dark knight what would you suggest my starting job be big fan of
DPS keep up the good working love you guys Travis okay trying to get some of those questions
out of the way is it hard to find a group for leveling no not at all because everything's
done in alliances now it's like when you first start the game you're gonna just head over
to Gus can mines which I which I know is a foreign thing because it's like no no I go
to the dunes and then I go to quefim island nope now you go to Gus can mines the place
of the scary silent siren and you do the field manual for skeletons and you can group that
all the way to like level 40 and then after that you go to crawler's nest but I mean if
you get to level 40 in a couple days you're gonna be so freaking happy as it is you'll
you'll kind of figure the rest out are there still a lot of people playing the game depends
on your opinion of a lot of people they merge some of the servers some time ago you remember
how we used to talk about the ferry server when we were talking the room the old days
of all our the answer there is no more fairy server ha ha with the self server which is
ironically enough the server that I'm on now which is another type of fairy yes so it's
appropriate still the fairy service it's just now you know a different name so I I did a
see all slash see all the other day and there were 1080 people online so I'd still call
that a fair amount of people now what whereas it's easy to find leveling groups people are
still having a hard time finding groups for missions and things like that and you got
to find your way into a link shell there's still the Juno shouts and all that stuff and
you might be able to find something but you can expect that some of that will still be
a little bit of a weight and that's kind of the problems I'm starting to have with it
is that whereas the leveling thing is awesome the rest of it's less awesome I probably am
not going to renew past this month Shane told me he's not renewing past the month because
of other stuff and I'm like I don't want to play by myself and I don't have a link show
on there or anything so I'm like I'll just I'll wait and get Guild Wars 2 when it comes
out but I like you Thomas 11 wasn't my first MMO but it was the first one I played a lot
of and so I played a decent amount of it for a little while I had I brought in a bunch
of friends of mine from other forums that I was on to play with us too and like you
I quit for a while so I think you know what I didn't quit that for a while Oh remember
no no I'm saying like you the emailer I quit for a while yeah I will say this though during
that steam sale that we talked earlier about the abyssia edition 12 bucks on steam right
now and you get the 30 Loki just lit up no I can't do that it's it's worth checking out
you know what go have a flirt go have a kiki with Final Fantasy 11 for 30 days and with
your 12 bucks just just goes go see it's worth it I don't need more things to take away time
I'm talking to the emailer again all right that's my answer I get I hit all the questions
the email I hope I did I think yeah but now we need a Mass Effect MMO is that it for emails
yes but Mass Effect give dark Sakura more emails to read make her work mailbag at orange
lounge radio.com let's do some angst you know what Rob you're gonna do not do something
you're gonna say that one time and I'm gonna have laryngitis and you'll have to read them
all I'll make Loki do it or I'll get Alan in here Alan Alan read emails okay let's be
pissy F you to my indigestion I mean I didn't really have anything that was unhealthy I
had salad had beer and coffee so what's up with that F you to a bunch of well here's
the fact that Nellie's car has a screw through the tire so that was fun today putting the
donut on take off work tomorrow and get that fixed which will do for free that's not so
bad still no that it yeah my a few the week I really don't have anything serious so I
guess I have to do something a little more superficial if you did the fact that I didn't
get civilization five for Alan on steam when it was eight dollars and now it's up to a
whole fourteen dollars what am I gonna do so much money God I could buy another copy
of Final Fantasy of this edition or not all right I'm sorry I don't have a better F you
but things are going pretty well can't complain all right a few more stories for you guys
and then the Skype line at one eight seven seven game OLR or orange lounge radio on Skype
and a few more news stories and Twitter twitter.com slash OLR as I mentioned this week we're getting
a well we got a Minecraft update awesome one point seven three was the update it added
pit stands and sticky pistons and that's pretty awesome cheers which you can now use to collect
leaf blocks which don't really work out too well when you're making bushes but you make
it work I guess also now they have flint and steel is or redstone is required to detonate
TNT because it was annoying when I accidentally dropped TNT on the ground and I had to encase
the thing in obsidian so that I wouldn't blow anything up in my my house also they're adding
the option for character skins in fact Monday the 16th they're gonna be putting up a pack
of character skins with 40 different skins for like 240 Microsoft points which I'll probably
buying sets a really good deal and yeah but really skins whatever you don't even see yourself
you will see in multiplayer I don't know I think it's a little silly but then again I
bought lots of silly crap for Mass Effect so I'm not gonna judge you much it's silly
but whatever the thing that is kind of annoying though is apparently the pistons don't work
very well in Minecraft if you put too many near each other the game will like out or
crash so that is a can't handle the pistons captain it can't and that is that is unfortunate
because you can't build some of the stuff that you can on the PC version also there's
a new lighting engine that they added in there which looks pretty nice some people don't
like it because this is too yellow but I think it looks nice and then of course new textures
for some of the objects including cobblestone which I like a lot better it's less garish
I guess and then also you're gonna be getting some free stuff Rob if you don't like buying
now you're speaking my language on July 18th you'll be able to get a customized summer
arcade skin pack with five skins in that as well as also if you don't have Minecraft or
you want to get some stuff for trials evolution you can get new themed tracks they're gonna
be once a week alongside each new game so that's kind of cool very cool and then pro
skater HD's coming out this was it next week so that could be pretty cool chiggers in our
chat room at live dot vog network dot com says someone should build castle grayskull
in Minecraft surely that's happened I'm sure it's happened remember everything if you can
dream it it's probably happening on the internet right now I like it up even let's move on
to one more news story tonight officially and that is about game movies yay god of war
still supposed to happen still supposed to become a movie at some point the screenplay
is being rewritten by Patrick Melton and Marcus Dunstan don't recognize those names well you
should pay attention to the credits of saw four five and six because that's the other
movies they wrote goody goody because those were real winners ask me and to go completely
off topic yes there's multiple pictures of castle grayskull in Minecraft so it's been
done multiple times damn you Loki Patrick Melton and Marcus Dunstan have also written
such horror film classics as feast feast to sloppy seconds and feast three the happy finish
they will be writing the god of war movie what about fees for the feasting then again
does the god of war movie really need dialogue when it needs tits and violence I mean that's
that's really what we're looking for and certainly the softball someone to yell you know I really
hate the saw movies you guys I really hate them I miss the last one and I have seen the
rest of them but I miss the last one cuz you got it you kind of have to see them all if
you've already watched that many I would rather see this movie at this point this is also
not my kind of movie need for speed don't get me wrong I like the games but I'm not
a big race car movie fan I'm not like the fast and furious stuff February 7th 2014 is
when the need for speed film is coming out that's amazing considering they haven't shot
any film yet but I guess they're fast tracking it it's going to be directed by an ex stunt
man which I find interesting it's not based on a specific game in the series it's just
need for speed on a racing move I think it should just be based off the run because that
was that actually had a plot there will be cars and explosions and that's all you want
and hopefully tits and violence and there is maybe there'll be a cross-promotion there
God of War racing tighter Klein chat says now the question is is the God of War movie
gonna be pg-13 or our chance with those people it'll be a hard R given their connections
with saw yeah I'm with you it's probably gonna be a hard R or a fuzzy nc-17 because remember
violence is okay decapitations that's fine torture porn a-okay you're a hard R but how
if you showed penis or vagina your nc-17 sorry really it's nc-17 if it's male you know anatomy
being shown well if you want to get tech I don't really care about anyone else's we if
you want to get technical you can show a lady's pubes and you can kind of show like the general
thing from far back like you know oh I know what that is but if like the minute a labia
shows up or is identifiable now it's nc-17 the more you know okay by the way to ask when
anyone asked about doing the castle of lions someone actually did Voltron in Minecraft
just saying there's a check box that says labia it's like labia check does your movie
contain any of the following decapitations the usage of the word fuck labia 1877 game
olr i want i want one of those movies to be horribly mis-rated like rated g for like you
know the human centipede for three i have a friend that is totally into those movies
speaking of like movies that are worse than saw oh my god 1877 game olr or a username
on skype is orange launch radio the skype line is open right now for you guys to call
in in the meantime last minute stories loki sure i was gonna kind of uh comment tweets
too if i was gonna comment real quickly on um the ooya there was actually a google doc
that they're kind of some of the developers are keeping track of that shows all the people
committed to it so far including exploding rabbit remember them they were the ones doing
the super retro squad game and also they did the mario crossover stuff renegade kid um
doing some stuff for them uh yeah we'll go over some other stuff a lot of kickstarter
uh games let's go to the phones hi you're on orange launch radio who's this dt hey dark
tetsuya what's on your mind buddy nine so there's this uh sorry yeah turn down the radio
because you're gonna get distracted when you hear yourself you'll be like it's recursive
dark tetsuya sorry i guess i thought i heard something about this uh sorry i have to write
down that i owe travis donovan a quarter let me write that down i owe travis 25 cents okay
go ahead so there's this new service called uh playism i don't know if it's mentioned
on the show playism not familiar with it you know that look yeah yeah because they have
a lot of mulana oh oh i see where this is going yes
yes i just go ahead you're talking about huh go ahead
no the neat thing is that all these games don't have any drm on them
well thank god because ubisoft can go kiss off for doing they're screwing up all the
drm that they're doing in games and if they did that shit to la mulana i would sadly have
to say don't buy that either yep 15 bucks no drm so just i'm just i'm just curious are
you getting paid off by the devs of la mulana no because if not you should be yeah you really
should be you should think about like when we write our letter to pinkberry demanding
free pinkberry you really need to get a free copy of la mulana yeah i probably should why
why do you love la mulana so freaking much star tetsuya i don't know it's got like a
really great story and this huge world you can explore it's like a metroid or castlevania
or something but you know what it's got to have tits in it somewhere that's what it is
isn't it there's a tit scene okay maybe not yeah bird well this one does have a new female
character in it so whoa hey i guess i wasn't too far from the truth all right uh dark tips
to you so everybody go check out la mulana asap um anything else you want to plug uh
just the uh cyplasm-en.com to go check that out you know i'm really thinking you should
go get a job with them mr social social network manager you do great i should look into that
you absolutely should all right dark test to you thanks for calling take care buddy
not a problem bye love it all right we got another call coming in hi you're on orange
lounge radio who's this hello hey how's it going hi hi travis hey how's it going hey
what's up you don't have like a cool nickname you just you just go by travis i mean not
that that's a bad name but no no it's tito1381 but i just want to apologize to jamie for
having such sucky grammar i know that i suck no but uh i was just wanting to i mean thank
you very much for um answering my email i'm glad to hear and i'm probably going to get
back into final fantasy 11 because it was one of my favorite games uh-oh you're stuck
they've got you that's right now run while you can now square enix owes me a quarter
for getting travis back into final fantasy 11 so i'm gonna i'm just gonna sign the back
of the check to travis for stealing jokes it's much fun to know that i can get back
on it for only 12 bucks and i was i was definitely on the steam today and i was like oh yeah
there it is 12 so i'm probably gonna get back on and jump back on it and just test it out
again and i am i am another one that's waiting for gold wars 2 to come out so i'm excited
about that as well it's a great and it works perfectly because if you start now your 30
day trial will be up like the week before guild wars 2 is out exactly now here's a question
for you did you ever play final fantasy 14 i never did no just it's better left into
your imagination it's it's not pretty they should have just made 11 with high definition
graphics and they didn't do that they made they made something a lot sadder sadly i'll
be honest with you and i was i was so excited about once i heard about it because i was
like oh wow another mmo from final fantasy and then all of a sudden i heard about how
horrible it was doing it right in the beginning i was like no i was like it can't happen it
can't happen like this it was just rushed and it's unfortunate i don't think i i don't
know what the hell they were thinking like they they said they were getting inspiration
from world of warcraft and stuff and i didn't see any of that like i saw that they were
trying to do some of the like 60 minute you know things you could do in more bite sizes
that you do in final fantasy 11 and i i respect them for that but final fantasy 11 implemented
some of those things and kind of one upped it it's really weird when you're thinking
like gosh final fantasy 11 i really missed that game 14 eh yeah exactly well congratulations
on 10 years guys and like i said you got a devoted fan i love you guys a lot and uh thanks
for keeping me entertained we're glad to have you too and yeah i only poke point out the
grammar of the people i care about which is everyone she teases because she loves all
right well crack open a grammar book and we hope to hear from you again about your experiences
back in final fantasy 11 because you might you might go back in there and be like rob
you are wrong this game is all fucked up and i hate it you have my permission to call rob
a bitch if he's misled you gee thanks rob heart heart heart anything else on your mind
Travis that's it all right take care buddy all right later what we should get a ferret
for real they're not that smelly i'm gonna start a kickstarter to make how about we go
to another call hi you're on orange launch radio who's this uh this is mourmet but i'm
not in chat right now i'm using uh i'm using the iphone right now that's all right oh i
see you can you know in the iphone you can't you got to just use the phone part that's
all right what's up buddy um i was just wanting to talk about the uh the whole import issue
that was going on uh last week uh with the final fantasy uh get rid of and uh i guess
the also the um persona arena and how everybody felt about it well yeah i was gonna say the
import issue is specifically about persona am i right because there's the whole uh issue
where it's he hung up you don't want to talk to us anymore what happened he just hung up
bad signal user error no maybe that maybe he death gripped the iphone i don't know what
happened um yeah because i think there's an issue with the rhythm sense the rhythm is
a region lock game anyways and that's kind of a region lock system it was just that this
is a region free system that has its first region locked game which is a little odd well
i'm gonna see if that number comes back through because i you know i want to know a little
more about like what his perspective was on that because i kind of think we got it out
there in the open last week that well we never did resolve the theater of the thing but you
know obviously we have the different opinions on that and then as far as the persona games
go you know we didn't see the point for getting really upset about it because they are putting
out the exact same game in both regions i only get pissed about region locking when
japan gets these games that either we never get or like take president cat was a perfect
example it was this whimsical silly game that you know they should have really made it here
and why can't i import it if they're never going to release it ever ever maybe it would
have sold better i don't know they bring a lot of weird stuff over here i'm surprised
that that never did come over here all right well since the number is not calling back
so i'll say this much since your chat connect or since your phone connection isn't working
out too well get in chat and tell us the rest of the question there or what your perspective
is on that so we can better answer it would be great 1877 game olr or a username on skype
is orange lounge radio i have a couple other quick stories i want to work in here because
they're from twitter tiger claw tweeted us a few stories and bobby was talking to me
about this one too and i think this is pretty interesting in dark sakura pay attention universal
studios in konami are partnering uh universal studios and i'm not talking about the movie
studio i'm talking about the amusement park you know there's one in orlando there's one
here in la they are teaming up together for halloween horror nights and apparently silent
hill is going to be getting a replica at this year's halloween horror nights that is going
to be this october at both the hollywood and orlando parks ooh wait when uh just for halloween
october yeah they do something like all month long because um if i go down for disneyland
that means i'll be down in the area yes our other friends adrian and gabe who don't listen
to this show but they go they always take a day and not go to disneyland but they go
to uh universal studios so you should think about doing something similar and go to silent
hill i've never been to universal studios please don't get killed by pyramid head okay
or at least give them a hug i'll hump them that same number is calling back so i want
to try and get back to the phone hi you there yes i'm sorry about that i think i got the
iphone yeah see i called it i called it all right so what what was it you wanted to say
about it i mean do you do you have perspective on it or were you looking for our perspective
or what's your opinion on the whole region locking okay well i um pick i'm i normally
pick up uh import games on the regular and i picked up get rid of them back in uh february
and march and uh it was great and i also was you know was about to pick up a sonar arena
when i until i found out that they were going to region lock it only because i didn't buy
the ps3 in japan because it was you know what the region locks but this issue really doesn't
have anything to do with um but america this is more like japan i think afraid of um you
know japanese people start buying their games because you know i tend to you know play a
lot of japanese rpgs i've to the point i can i can read japanese pretty pretty effectively
online and and you know i kind of even like you know help out with the little team that
they're that they have especially with the tails game so um i just wanted to just you
know let people know that if you really want to like you know play like any employee games
you know the prices for us won't really change and this is really for japan this is really
for like maybe having japan have you know cheaper prices but not but the people that
buy games out there don't really you know pay too much attention to you know the you
know the gaming environment here in america it's a whole different environment over there
you know people sure i mean like games are always 100 ps3 games or uh i think theater
with them with eighty dollars sure and i remember hearing a lot about that that the uh finances
was it was maybe more region locked to protect the japanese version of the game because it
was going to be more expensive and people were legit worried that they were just going
to be importing copies from america let me ask you this though from a consumer perspective
or the gamer perspective you and i and especially somebody like you who plays a lot of import
games and you know definitely i'm sure cares about retaining some of that original japanese
atmosphere as i understand that persona is going to be the exact same game in both regions
right so from our perspective we're getting a good end of the deal here it's okay that
it's region locked right right it's okay because i believe it's coming out for um america i
think within two weeks of the uh the release of the japanese one you're right you're right
yes so you know i don't you know i just i don't think the body block will will show
as well a conflict over two years so i i think i assumed that you kind of believe what bobby
was saying and uh his friend you know about him i was going to boycott bears and i don't
know i always find it there that i just really thought people need to just relax it isn't
too much of a problem i think this is a big you know scam problem you know because when
they have their very decent amount you know they literally you know devices i think power
freddy 13 and i bought it uh just from japan like 115 dollars no joke then like two weeks
later because people had a problem with it it dropped to like 50 dollars yeah it's like
this is like in japan imports they were like change their prices um the websites but in
japan that's how it was i don't want to speak for bobby because i'm not bobby but i believe
his perspective was pretty similar to ours where i he did not i think he really didn't
understand why people the consumers were getting so upset about the region locking because
it was the same game coming out in both regions and you know and they they had taken the extra
step to preserve the japanese language track even because they know the target audience
for these types of games usually tends to overlap a lot with the same type of people
that are really into japanese culture so he wasn't understanding why people were getting
so upset about it i think he kind of saw it from the same perspective we're getting at
now i don't know about the callers yeah and he does he just clarified in chat i have no
problem with the region locking of persona 4 for the record okay so if the games continue
to come out like that uh i guess america wouldn't really see much of a problem now is that what
you're saying yes i'll tell yeah as far as i know yes as long as it's the same game it's
fine and as long as it's kind of like that same window and so forth it's totally fine
i'll give you an example of what pisses me off the way xenoblade was handled that pissed me off
that was a terrible thing that they did because that was a great game they released in japan you
know on the we right and then it comes out in europe and they have that version and then we have
to wait six months after that which that's not even the part that really bothers me because
europe sometimes gets that end of the shaft it kind of works in reverse so that part doesn't
really bother me but a the wheeze region lock so i can't really import it and b when they end up
releasing it here it's a fucking game stop exclusive that pissed me off exactly yeah see
that this is this is what uh i really think is gonna be the next um issue for like gamers that
are come back and play games here in america or in europe or in japan because now our world are
being flattened and now we can actually see a little bit more and more people are buying it
i really feel like you know a consumer that wanted to play xenoblade would have found the way to play
whether they would import it or pirated it they would have found their way of playing it so like
so for them to wait six months only hurts them because i don't even walk into a game stop anymore
you know i only i'd when i want to go ahead and buy it you know any different game top if you
were to buy a console that's reason lock or if there's a particular reason and you like a cable
or something but anything you know i think the average employee gamer it's kind of like savvy
enough to buy games online on other ways like like the kavita like the new hux unique look
would be coming out here like it there's a military simulation game people like it but it
may not come out here for a while but you know whoever likes you know those games can now can
download them from the uh i believe they can buy them from the playstation store if they buy
japanese beta which makes it great because it kind of bypasses the import problem so i i just i just
think we're going to see this more often more you know as time goes on it's going to be great because
you know uh i think that some of the games that are actually coming out you can play them even
if you don't know any japanese you know for instance i think you and i are on similar pages
i think if if um you know project diva and all that was on the same page as persona 4 and the
way they're doing it region locking wouldn't bug me whatsoever but unfortunately you know you got
to remember the roots of this show we were hardcore ddr and beatmania fans and for so long konami's
putting out all these great beatmania 2dx mixes in japan and then they put one out here that sure
it's got a better controller slightly because they've had some time to perfect it but then the
the song list itself and there really ain't shit you can do about it on the playstation
too but get a japanese playstation too it's crazy all right well thanks so much for the call buddy
i gotta let you go so we can wrap up the show but uh i think we're on the same page with region
stuff i appreciate you uh sharing your perspective on that all right no problem thank you take care
all right take care buddy that's gonna do it for calls tonight thank you guys who uh were able to
get through and call in if you didn't get through i'm very sorry but send us an email quick while
it's on your mind uh mailbag at orange lounge radio dot com or you can always send us tweets
because we don't get a whole lot of them let me read one more tweet here and then i'll check in
with loki one more time for last minute stories uh i don't know if you guys have heard of crunchy
roll yes the anime service yep korean dramas and animes are coming to the playstation 3 with the
crunchy roll app and neon alley apps uh it'll be 6.95 for the anime or drama library or you
can get both for 11.95 a month that's pretty cool i hear korean dramas are all kinds of awesome i
haven't really watched them so i don't know if these are stuff i've watched a lot of japanese
dramas but rob anime doesn't need an s to make it plural i wanted to give it one anyway neon alley
is a separate thing that's uh 6.99 a month and it has uncut anime all available with english dubs
it hasn't been circumcised there you go loki any other last minute stories uh no all right really
that's all right yeah that wasn't that's all right all right fair enough well that takes us to the
end of the show i want to thank already yeah wow no we're still it's almost nine o'clock it was
maybe about two and a half hours tonight but we have some pretty epically long shows
so i guess i was just thinking epically long well especially the beginning of the show we
had a huge discussion on all that and then the news stories just kind of flew by because the
news this week wasn't i mean there wasn't any huge still fell asleep because i thought she was
going to call oh and i told her later than this time that's really late to stay up oops i hope
she went to sleep yeah well uh i want to thank you guys for tuning in to orange launch radio
we really appreciate the support we heard from some new people tonight which is really cool i'm
that means word is spreading thank you guys uh if you enjoy orange lounge radio it is a free show
all we ask tell a friend or two about the show help spread the word about orange on radio i think
some of our new listeners are coming from playstation home and all the stuff going on
there and i know i've got blender and skull and some of those people to thank for that
and who have really gone out of their way to put on the vog network thing that's going to happen
on the 29th so you guys get gold stars for doing that and putting all that together absolutely i'd
give you a whole sheet full of gold stars if i could you guys um anyway before we wrap it all
up i want to go around and get everybody's final thoughts i will start tonight i never start off
so i'm gonna um end the show of my final thought that says total eclipse black ale good job would
would drink again and i have another 22 ounce beer sitting in the fridge i love that they didn't give
you a tiny beer like it wasn't a bud light-sized beer this is a beer it's like two pints nice
dark soccer your final thought tonight my stomach hurts i'm gonna go home oh uh loki your final
thought i have joined both steam communities now so i'm all good i just need to install uh
borderlands now because i of the two games i wanted to install one before i came to the show
and i chose skyrim because it was much smaller to install so i'm actually wearing a hard ray
space that's not good all right that's gonna do it for another episode of orange launch radio
we'll be back next week sadly dark soccer will not be here i won't be sad well we'll be sad but no
no no i will i will miss the show but it's it's tiara's wedding and we all know tiara yeah
absolutely happy happy wedding to tiara and i will if i remember i'll play the song next week for them
okay uh so if um alan's not working he might co-host i'm i also want to reach out to flaco
jones because he needs to hopefully make up for the lost show i don't know if he can or not
uh we will figure something out we will try to find someone to fill your shoes dark soccer even
though they are big shoes to fill i think i've got someone for you oh sweet happy with that have a
great week everybody be safe don't be jerks have fun playing all those games on the steam sale
loki is waiting for you to join the vog community and kick his ass at borderlands oh it's co-op i
mean all right then don't kick his ass we'll kick ass together there you go hey i got mail
i got an invite i got mail yay bye guys have a great week you've been listening to orange
lounge radio orange lounge radio is a production of olr studios to join us for a live show tune
into vog network.com sunday nights at 6 p.m pacific 9 p.m eastern the views and opinions
expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge radio
or vog network but you know they were all still true see you next week
you
