Message for you, sir.
Attention!
Do you want to hear the most annoying sound in the world?
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio, the Monty Talk, and then some.
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain hot monkey sex.
Just kidding.
Orange Lounge will not contain hot monkey sex.
In this episode... Hey, are there any balls down there?
That's the biggest berry you've ever seen, Jingleberry.
What's your favorite scary?
Showgirls.
Absolute fright.
What's yours?
There are no stupid questions, just stupid people.
Don't torture yourself.
That's my job.
Now's the time our sprockets bend me dogs!
I'll get you, my pretty, and your little dog, too.
I know Kung Fu.
I'm sorry, but all questions must be submitted in writing.
Why did they have to take the word gay?
No one expects us to punish a physician.
It's him, though.
Hey!
DarkSakura, Shut up!
Where's my gun?
This is my boomstick!
Sky, Come on girls, it's time to drop a bomb!
Loki, I can't for the life of me get the hooker to have sex with me.
What kind of warped human being would find that funny?
We are live and this is episode number 39 for April the 6th of 2003.
You're tuned into the Bomani Scene's most corrupted radio station of all things bee money.
My name is Rob Roberts.
You might know me as Sky.
Joining me as always are my awesome co-hosts in this corner, the happiest buddy on the farm, Miss Jamie Summers.
You know her better as DarkSakura.
I hate the buzz, you guys.
I really hate it.
There's nothing we can do right now.
Sorry.
In this corner, say hello to our tech master, Loki.
I'm against the wall, so technically it's not the corner.
I'm in mid-wall.
Exactly in the center.
Also with us tonight, we have a lot of fucking people in the house.
Say hello to... 23rMegas.
Yo, what's up?
Say hello to DDR Angel.
Still no comment!
Say hello to Blackwab.
Say hello to Dave.
I'm Bobby Cool.
Say hello to Intern Zero.
Unemployed people rock.
And say hello to Dark Tetsuya.
So I rock, huh?
Yeah.
Oh, I like Marin's answer here.
We're outside.
So just imagine that buzzing you hear is the wind.
What?
Ow, I hurt.
No more Battle Royale in my living room.
I won.
Yeah, so we have a lot of people here tonight.
And so we have a lot to talk about.
Fear the paper plates!
Dear good lord.
We'll be talking to everybody a bit later, but first we're going to take a quick break featuring songs everybody hates.
Yay!
We're going to start it off with an old classic.
Garden of Love.
Rock.
We'll be right back in a little bit to have a big clusterfuck.
Enjoy.
Uh, yeah.
Uh, what?
The vision's so deep that the eye can't see.
If you don't know now, then let it be.
Get in the groove.
You can come and go with me.
Just flow with me.
You can speak low to me.
In the garden of love.
The only real thing that speaks so true
Thank you for watching!
Okay.
Challenging move.
Listen to Orange Lounge Radio.
Because Bongo demands it.
Everyone die!
The sound card sucks.
Oh, my bad.
So, you'll just have to deal with it until we move into the new studio for season number three, and then we won't have the buzz anymore.
Or we'll just have to do every show from Jamie's from now on.
Buy me a new sound card.
So, wow, what a week, huh?
Yeah, it's been a while since we've been on the air.
Well, not really, because if you guys were listening last week, you heard us live at Shaft.
About this time was March Madness.
Two years ago, you would have heard us live at Shaft.
Oh, shit.
With the entire audience in here, who's actually listening to this outside?
That is an excellent question.
The numbers in the studio are all-time high, the numbers on the web, all-time low.
No, hello to all of you listening, we appreciate it.
Yeah, live from Shaft, my bad.
And I'm at an all-time high by myself.
I know, I know.
And it's not about mics either.
Live from March Madness last week, if you were listening.
About this time was when DDR... Oh, the buzz went away for like half a second.
It was amazing.
This was about the time that DDR Idol was finishing up.
This was probably about the time that, oh, I don't know, maybe 23rd Magus was taking the stage right after Dr. Dick finished his routines.
What are you shaking the microphones for?
First off, you have two more mics, so why don't you try swapping one?
It won't help, trust me.
Trust me, I've done everything to do this buzz.
It's the noise of the hard drive.
The power of Christ compels you!
The power of Christ compels you!
He just made it worse.
It's the noise of the hard drive in there.
Or something.
It's fucked up.
Anyway... So, yeah, tournament...
What did you guys think?
What did you guys think of those of you that went to March Madness?
How was it?
A B. Nice toss, Rob.
B in my paradise sucks.
I hate it.
But it's Mr. Wendell.
He makes everything good.
Yeah, but not for B.A.
Yeah, not for me.
Ah, you got owned.
Shut up.
I had never played this.
You got owned.
I had never played it before.
But you got owned.
Shut the fuck up, man.
Owned.
Dude.
Let me say something.
Jeez, okay.
Don't want to couple doubles.
Sucked.
Okay, and Xenon also sucked because it does, and it's really hard to PA.
Fuck that.
As for me, I came, I saw, I twitched.
The left arrow in Sakura sucks.
The fuck is that?
Stealing a mic?
It's in my hand and you're just like, wank?
The fuck is that?
You can't let me get a comment in before you have to say some shit.
I didn't see shit.
I didn't do shit.
But sitting in that back room for both days...
Wow, people flaked out on me.
Now you know how it feels.
Sorry.
Jamie was well done by the time that was over.
She was cooking in that room there.
I hated people.
But we loved Jamie.
I wanted everybody to die.
We loved Jamie for, you know, helping out.
I had a good time.
Making everything run.
I mean, you got visited by lots of people.
Yes, I did.
And you got to eat bubbles with me.
I didn't eat bubbles.
I blew them.
Rob?
Yes.
Ow!
Rob died again.
You know, someone had to do the organizational stuff, and we're all grateful that Jamie didn't bother to sit back there.
I mean, I would have done it myself, but I was locked up in that goddamn glass box.
And trust me, it sucks hard being able to see the tournament and not hear a damn thing.
Especially on DDR.
I heard everything and didn't see a damn thing.
By the way, hold out your arm.
You're dead too.
Jamie hit me with the tail of a furry thing.
You know, I would have loved to have helped Jamie out in the back room, but I was too busy smoking and drinking behind everyone's backs.
You'll have to forgive Jamie.
She's been on a Battle Royale kick lately.
We all have.
And we played mocap golf.
That was...
Only because it freaking rode over for like three holes and then you happened to get lucky and win one.
Otherwise, it would have kicked your ass.
Oh, shut up.
Yeah, who won the long drive?
Yeah, that's right.
I think I won the long drive.
So watch this.
Shut the hell up.
Drive for show, putt for dough, bitch.
Whatever.
Dude, I hit a 50-foot chip to make an eagle.
So?
Ooh, wow.
It was cool.
I've made chips for eagles and birdies before.
It's easy.
Yeah.
Well, you know what?
That was my first one, so you can shut your mouth.
Hey, have you actually ever gotten par on that one that goes uphill?
The one that goes, like, really, really steep uphill?
Yes, I have gotten par on that twice.
Goddamn, I got, like, a quadruple bogey on that shit.
I have propel.
This is the reason why golf is on TV and no one watches it.
Okay, welcome to Orange Lounge, MoCap Golf Radio.
Someone must watch it, they have the golf channel.
I want MoCap Battle Royale.
I want MoCap Battle Royale.
MoCap napping.
I want somebody, anyone who has programming skill, get like, you know, Quake or one of those things, what was it you were saying, Counter-Strike?
and make the Battle Royale Counter-Strike.
Wait, let me just say that real quick, some guy hit a 357-yard drive and got like a 63 to win some championship or something, course record.
Good, but God still hates him.
357 yards in one haul.
Yeah, in real life.
God hates golfers.
Hey, why does Dave look like he's Obi-Wan over here?
Golf is paid for by morons who buy ugly pants.
Use the force.
But anyways, no.
That's why plaid will never go out of fashion because of golfers.
And scotchmen.
I know you said...
I know you said that Counter-Strike sucks for doing it, but for Battle Royale, Counter-Strike is like the best thing to edit.
I hit a vital organ.
That's the easiest thing to do.
And by the way, yes, thank you for asking, yes, I did compete last week in freestyle, and I got all fails!
How did that go, your very first freestyle?
I had a nervous breakdown about five minutes before it was my turn because I fell playing a challenge in front of everybody and then I freaked out and then I got up and finally played and I think I did alright for my first but it's old school and no one likes old school anymore so fuck them.
Don't start that again.
Yes, and for those of you in the chatroom and listening who got to hear my lovely little rant remember it because you'll never hear it again.
I want to know who those chicks were that were massaging my hair.
I have no idea who those people were and they're just like coming up to me, rubbing up against me for DVDs.
Like, I got the DVDs, yeah.
Okay, hold on, I've realized something.
Don't steal a girl's glasses because then she follows you around and annoys all your friends.
She just had these cool glasses and I stole them and then she decided that she would try to like fuck everybody or something.
I don't know what it was she was doing.
So that's what I was doing wrong when I was single.
Didn't steal glasses.
Mental notes.
Steel glasses.
Yeah, you gotta steal the nerve glasses.
So that's how I get the pre-teen booty.
They were hoes anyway, you could tell.
Yeah, yeah.
Uh-oh, looks like you hit a nerve.
Like I was telling two friends after the first day of the tourney, what walks on two legs and spells slut?
What?
I'm not saying it on the air.
No.
This is quiet, so... Oh, what I need is a good defense.
So anyways, yeah, it was Let the Beat Hit Em that I freestyled to.
Watch the video.
It's another white guy freestyling, or some white guy doing Let the Beat Hit Em.
That's what the title is.
Yeah, that's what you got titled as, Some White Guy.
Some White Guy.
I am Some White Guy.
That's great.
Xerox.
Well, he didn't even get my song.
Okay, fuck that shit.
Alright, it's fucking clearly zero space X. I don't know where the fuck somebody gets Xerox.
Okay, it doesn't even start with an X. I mean, fucking go to school.
Fuck you.
Go bite.
Fucking morons.
At least you got your name.
Except that you have to realize that when everybody sees that, everybody says Xerox.
Blah, blah, blah, fuck you.
When everybody is saying Xerox.
Doesn't matter.
Xerox.
Hooked on phonics works for me.
Not for them.
I've got yellow fever.
There's a snake in my boot.
They were reading it as one word because they thought it was Asian typing.
Well, hey, my first tournament in March Madness last year, I was Electoddle or something?
No, okay.
I looked at that paper, and it was clearly written, Zero Eggs.
I mean, if you were that big of a moron, I'm sorry.
Well, you just thought you were Leet to Xerox, with a Z. You know what?
I don't give a fuck!
You could go to school!
Go buy a Xerox machine!
I'm still Ski.
Okay, I guess that makes it a little better, but I'm still not fucking Xeroxed.
At least you're not some white guy doing some song.
I am some white guy, and I swear to God if another face goes in my hand, if another hand goes in my face, I'm gonna punch somebody.
I'M BLIND!
What up, my honkies?
I am some white guy.
You are some white guy, but I am the OTHER white guy.
Okay, freestyler.
Whatever, intern.
Ooh, intern, that's a threat.
Intern!
Well, at least he's part of staff.
I die.
Oh, with the pee.
Moving right along.
Let's talk about why everyone's here right now.
They're not here to see me.
I think actually the celebrity of the weekend would be DDR Angel, who's back.
Okay, and then Jamie.
So Angel, you've been where for the past five weeks?
I missed all of you guys for five weeks, but that's okay.
What part of Japan did you go to?
I went to Kyushu Island, which is basically the southernmost, almost the southernmost part of Japan.
Kyushu Island, Kagoshima City, it was cool.
So what kind of stuff did you get to see while you were there?
You want to hear a story?
Yeah, let's hear a story.
A funny story?
Yay!
Well, I thought it was funny, but okay.
That was the first time the buzz stopped.
I know, just ignore the buzz.
Shut up!
Alright, alright, so I went shopping one day with my relatives and my mother and whatever.
Okay, so I walk into the store.
What do I hear right outside the door?
DDR music.
I run to the store frantically looking for a DDR machine going, I gotta play, I gotta play, I gotta play.
I mean, I sounded like Loki, okay?
Where's the machine?
Where's the machine?
Where's the machine?
Did I find it?
Did I find it?
No, no, no, I didn't find it.
I ended up noticing that it was coming from the freaking loudspeaker!
So, I walk up to this lady that was working there, and I kindly ask her, was it her CD?
Just, you know, by the off chance that it might have been.
And she said no, that it was the store's.
So,
No, no, no.
See, because then I said, can I buy it?
And then she looked at me like a weird look, or with a weird look, and then she was probably saying in her head, you stupid American.
Yeah, I got to go to one.
I got to play some Japanese people, and they thought I was cool, and they thought I was really good.
And I kicked his ass.
That's awesome.
But did you actually play DDR?
Yes, I did.
And there were actually other people playing DDR?
Yes.
I knew it was rumors.
Yes, I played Poppin' Music 9.
How was Poppin' Music?
Poppin' Music was okay, but unfortunately... Sorry, Joe, but... Can I do that?
Yeah.
Anyways, we were playing Poppin' Music here last night because our new Vimani friend Garrett brought it over and it has Boa Boa Lady Another on it.
That in itself made my day.
We're still going on the Japan trip.
We'll catch up to present.
Where was it?
Poppin' Music 9.
That's right, Poppin' Music 9.
Now what was the rumor that was going around for Poppin' Music 9?
Absolute.
Yes, Absolute.
I played Absolute.
And what did I do?
What did I do?
I passed it.
Yay.
There is proof.
Rob has proof.
Tron was in it.
Tron was in it.
Yeah.
Well, Dark Tootsie apparently thought it was a rumor, I don't know.
Whatever, whatever.
So we know it's really there and all that jazz.
Speaking of which, I will be going to Japan in two weeks, for two weeks, so that will be cool.
Dave gets a squee!
I'm going to Tokyo and Kyoto and Osaka, and I'm not going to buy you porn, what, what?
Why?
Because my brother is there right now and we're going to see him because over the summer he will be in Tokyo doing something for work or something like that.
And so he'll be doing something.
And so we're going to see him because it'll be like the last time.
And I'm going to be in Tokyo for three days and then I think Osaka for like a week and Kyoto for a few days.
I don't know.
and I will go to an arcade and I will see if... Yeah, I'll go to the really big one in Tokyo and I'll be like, wow, there's no one playing DDR.
Like my brother took a... My brother took a... He went to a fairly large arcade there and they had a whole Bomani corner and he took a picture of it.
It was empty.
There was no one playing.
Hey Dave, do you really want to get drunk in Japan?
I don't know.
I don't know.
Because, uh, I know a really quick way.
How?
Go to a vending machine that has beer, and, like, nobody's watching you, still have money in it, and you can get beer and get drunk.
Japanese beer isn't that good.
Yeah, but they have sake, too!
Wait, I have a question for Angel.
No, I have a serious question for Angel.
Were there any other interesting games that you saw there, like new games that a lot of people seem to be playing, like maybe outside of Bomani or any other kinds of games that seem to be kind of popular?
Anything that caught your eye?
Something about, I think it was like Midnight something, I don't know.
What kind of game was it, like a fighting game?
It seemed like it was a racing game, so maybe it's another initial day.
Yes, Midnight Club.
Midnight Club, that was right.
Initial D is also ridiculously popular in the Asian sector.
There were like five Initial D machines in this arcade I saw in Singapore.
And in the freaking airport in Korea, they had an Initial D machine.
Which leads me to believe that, you know... And they had a pump-it-up machine in Korea, so... Um... What about Bunga Bunga?
Did you see that by chance?
Um... A Bunga.
No.
The spanking game.
You wanna know something else that was funny?
What?
Randomly, there was Rhythm and Police playing in the background of the news.
Like the same version from DDR?
Yes.
Interesting.
I was like, oh my god!
It's Rhythm and Police!
My uncle and my aunt and everybody was looking at me and I'm like, sorry.
Okay, now I'm considered crazy.
Great.
Did you get to eat at Americatown?
For anybody that saw The Simpsons.
What in the... Alright, whatever.
Okay, there's this episode of The Simpsons where they go to Japan, and Homer's, you know, they want to, where do they want to eat?
Homer wants to go, Homer wants to go eat in America Town, and Marge is like, we could eat American food back home, but he insists they go to America Town, it's just funny.
And then the waiter's like, hi, I am stupid American waiter, can I take your order?
Would you like meat food?
It was worth a shot, I had to see it.
When you go, when you go, you have to, I'll get you the address for the, um, Taito Arcade.
You need to go there and take me pictures, because I want to go there to, like, see, like, the Rose and Rosa Pond, you know, bubble bubble machine.
There's so many people I know going to Japan in, like, next week or two, it's crazy.
I'm going in a couple, couple years.
No, seriously, my roommate's going to Japan for a year, Angel just came back to Japan, Dave's now going to Japan, one of my really good friends in Seattle is going to Japan.
I've got so much shit coming back for me, it's not even funny.
You have to bring me back a magazine.
Dave, I have another quick request.
If I loaned you a remote kit, would you go and do interviews with people in the arcade?
Would you just do random interviews?
Dude, Bakagaijin on the street would be the greatest segment ever.
Stupid American in Japan, come on, you gotta do it.
What would I interview them on?
Bramante, you've got to go to the arcade.
You're going to go to an arcade while you're there, right?
Yeah.
Just say, hey, I'm from the American media.
And say, there's this really big American show, and I want to talk to you about this game that's taking over America.
And they'll probably go, huh?
Talk to a random businessman.
I could try.
I mean...
I mean, I don't know.
And then go, Orange Lounge Radio, yee!
Say you're from Orange Lounge Radio, you'll get laughed out of the country.
Okay.
Orange Lounge Banzai!
Oh my god, State Yasuo on the show.
Wait, wait, wait, Rob!
Another random sighting.
What's that?
Synchronized love during a car commercial with like a bunch of para girls in black and yeah, my friend had a cow.
Did you see, did you happen to get to see any para clubs?
Or did you get to go to any para clubs?
Did you go to a store that sold big boots?
No.
Boring.
Yeah, but, uh, I was at this... Remember, Pa... Remember, Pa is a big thing in, like, Tokyo and Osaka, and she wasn't, like, there, so... True.
True enough.
Okay, so anything else you want to tell us about your trip?
Um, not much, except, uh...
You have to post that one picture of that unmentionable thing that I was talking about that nobody knows about in America.
I'll have to find it.
I'll find it for you.
Okay.
We'll have to find it later.
Neat.
I have an FU about everything later, by the way.
If that's okay with you.
We'll do FUs later.
What?
Super toilet?
Maybe.
Maybe?
Okay, so, moving right along.
So, Angel comes back into town.
We decided to have a little welcome home party last night, so that's why everybody was here.
Almost everybody!
Somebody forgot to, I don't know, inform me that this stuff was going on.
Everyone's like, everyone's like, hey, you going to the party?
What party?
There was a freaking huge party here last night.
There was like...
Literally everybody was there and everybody was still here.
It was not my job to send out the invitations.
I thought everybody knew through the chatroom.
I thought Angel was harassing everybody as they came to the chatroom.
Are you going to be a Rob Saturday?
Are you going to be a Rob Saturday?
I didn't even know.
Shit, I even brought my girlfriend, dude.
I didn't even know about it until we looked in your live journal.
Yeah, I didn't even know about it, so fuck you.
I brought it up to her and she's like, what party?
What?
It wasn't supposed to be a party.
It was supposed to be friends come over and we hang out and then we go to Scandia.
We're going to have a social gathering and have a good caravan that goes to Scandia.
Suddenly, oh my god, there's a party going on in my house.
Well, dude, there was poppin' music.
I mean, it's poppin'.
But they're at Scandia, Nick.
I brought Germania.
Yeah, you did, didn't you?
Yes, I did.
They were poppin'.
Rob's all like, angels coming, angels coming, angels coming.
Do a theater near you.
This summer, Angel Angel returns, coming to a theater near you this summer Anyway, yeah, hi So, we had a party and we watched Battle Royale because Angel hadn't seen this movie And if you haven't seen Battle Royale yet, Jamie, break it down Talk about what Battle Royale is all about for those that haven't seen
In the future, students boycott schools, so the Japanese government decides to enact the BR project, or the BR Act, which means that they pick a randomly selected 9th grade class, put them all on an island, and they have to kill each other until one's left.
There's a lot more symbolic meaning behind that True, but I like watching all the deaths But watching a whole bunch of really pretty Japanese people kill each other is a sheer joy in life Dude, it was all about Mitsuko I don't want to be a loser
He was my hero.
If he was a good guy, it would have been better.
If I was a guy who had the radio that told me where everybody else was, I would have lived a lot longer than he did, you know?
Dude, he lived a long time.
That was Hiroki who had the GPS.
My favorite was Mimura, the hacker.
He was so awesome.
And I finally caught the pun of the name of his computer.
The third man.
After his own name.
But then of course after we watched Battle Royale What did you think of Battle Royale, Angel, the first time seeing it?
It kicked much ass And then we had much fun afterwards Yes, after we watched Battle Royale A Battle Royale broke out in my living room With paper plates and magic markers And scotch tape and red marker Yes, I wrote up name tags for people who died And how they died DDR Angel choked on a pretzel And all the time I was in the other room playing pop music
I got hit in the eye with a candle.
Choked on a pretzel.
Do I even want to know?
She was hanging out with George Bush.
Okay, now I know I don't want to know.
So now we're thinking, gee, how can we incorporate Battle Royale into our everyday lives?
And one idea is maybe we could just go to QZAR and take our frustrations out that way.
But QZAR's not messy enough, so we decided maybe paintball.
But then paintball's hurt.
They really do hurt when you get shot with it.
Don't wear loose clothes.
Loose clothing doesn't hurt.
You talked to my friend, didn't you?
You're trying to get me to buy the gun as well!
Damn you!
Damn you!
I know you, Andy!
You've gotten to them also!
What we need to do is we actually need to make the survival packs.
And pick a place to go camping.
And we need to give one person a fan, give some person a pellet gun.
You know...
When Battle Royale first came out, Tokyo Pop, the magazine, had this big, huge feature on it, and it had all the weapons that the kids that you didn't see on TV had, and there were some seriously ridiculous ones, like a pot lid.
Dude, the pot lid was the best thing in the movie, and it even proved it.
Battle Royale Online.com.
Go there.
The pot lid was the best, and everybody knows it, because it saved his life.
Dude, the psycho guy, Kiriyama, he got the freaking Hadesan.
He was my hero, and he killed everybody.
And one of the girls who was up on the mountain, one of them got the megaphone, the other girl with her got a headband that said, go for it.
But seriously, in my opinion, the best character was our, well, I'm not gonna give it away, so never mind.
My favorite guy was the other foreign, the other exchange student, yeah.
Yeah, how would that give it away?
The one who helped him out, you know.
What would that point be?
One more thing about Japan.
Yeah, go.
Rough.
Anyways!
What do you need now?
Huh?
What do you need?
There's one thing that we rule over Japan, okay?
What?
I saw no, no extreme machines over there.
None.
None.
Really?
And we have them all over the place.
So what happens?
DDR's dead.
DDR's dead.
But that means I'm dead!
You're not dead.
Look at the beginning of my name!
In Japan, the life cycle for fads there is, like, ridiculously fast.
You know what?
In a year, no, not even a year, in like three months, you're gonna change your nickname to 2DX Angel.
Because, why, what happens?
Everybody gets frickin' burned out on DDR, and then they're all of a sudden, they're 2DX.
So you'll be 2DX Angel in three months, I guarantee it.
Is 2DX still big there, or is it, like, is all the monsters dead?
Trust me, she hasn't been getting very good.
Haven't you?
Actually, I got some, like, schoolgirls to, like, take a picture, so it was cool.
They were playing, and they were... Hey, you could pass 5-1-1.
Loki!
Would you like to make a comment on schoolgirls?
Ooh, schoolgirls.
Roses are red.
Violets are blue.
This show's about panties.
The back of the colorful DVD that Loki gave us all during March Madness.
It's just like, what the fuck?
It's also got an alternate cover on the other side.
More panty action.
You actually see butt crack in that one.
I have, I have, I have man, man prong.
The one suggestion for Battle Royale that didn't get said was that we were all going to wear white sweaters or white sweatshirts and white sweatpants and then like have magic markers and we just draw over each other.
We're actually, we're actually, I think we do that.
We need to do like actual, you know, make like fake uniforms or something.
Okay, we would either, if we all walked around in white shirts...
If we all walked around in white shirts and white pants, these people would either think A, we're doing Battle Royale, or B, we're the next Heaven's Gate.
What was it that was on Loki's old sig?
Drink the Kool-Aid and follow the comet?
Dot, dot, dot.
Seriously, though, we should go back to Q's R. Hey, Rob?
Rob?
What?
Can I ask you guys a question?
No.
Yes, okay.
Did you guys all like your presents?
Yes.
Yes.
Hey, Rob and I are rappin' cool.
We got, Angel brought us a Parappa toy that I guess used to be at McDonald's at one point.
And you, it's a little keychain that you pull down and it bounces up and down.
It's really cute.
And he's rappin' cool.
And then we have like a guacamole del taco inspired keychain.
He said pull down.
Should I be afraid yet?
I have Pocari Sweat.
Angel Rules!
Again.
We're going to do songs that suck.
No, don't pick them from there.
Do this.
If you want songs that suck, go to this directory.
No, I want that song.
You do want that?
Okay, we're not going to do songs that suck.
This one?
Okay.
Alright.
Okay.
We'll be back in a little bit and we're going to talk about Bomani News.
Oh my god.
And then we'll do the FUs of the Week, Cage Match, Match Game.
It's all coming up.
Thanks for listening.
Thank you.
Thanks for watching!
DarkSakura.com
Thank you for watching!
From StepSquad to OrangeLabs, this DDR sucks!
Holla, holla, holla, holla, holla, holla, holla, holla, holla, holla, holla, holla, holla, holla, holla, holla, holla, holla, holla, holla, holla, holla.
Angel's got the proof.
Yes, you have photographic proof.
So, um, hi, what were we going to talk about when we come back?
Oh yeah, news, Loki, give us news.
Hold it first.
Rob?
What?
Photographic proof will be up on www.uncluetomind.tk tomorrow.
Hooray.
Okay, anyways, with actual news for once, because we've been lacking for quite a while.
You big dirty liar!
Shut up!
Anyways, we're going to start talking about, first thing of course is going to be Max 2, the release is coming out in a couple weeks actually, for the home versions, and I've already got it on order, so that's cool.
But what's awesome is it's going to come with yet another VRare, and what's cool is I think this is going to be a hint at some of the stuff that we're going to see
as hidden songs in Max 2 and also as stuff that's going to be DDR Extreme 2.
So, let's go down the list here.
Let's see.
This is not what I wanted.
Okay, hold on.
Let's see.
La la la.
Oops.
And let's see here.
There we go.
That's the one that we were just looking at.
Do do.
Yeah, way to go.
Here we go.
Alright.
Now, the songs that will be in there.
We've got some, it looks like the Max 2 for the home version is going to be the System SF remix of the whole, you know, series.
We've got, first, a brand new song by them, Feelings Won't Fade Extended Trans Mix, that's going to be on the V-Rare CD.
Plus three songs that are going to be hidden within Max that are going to be long versions of those songs.
We've also got Kind Lady, the Future Trans Mix, Midnight Blades, the System SF Mix, and
Glacial, which is the brand new Ryu Kosuka song, and an I Feel New Age Hope mix, which is also by System SF.
Because everyone got a big fat Woody over Drop the Bomb System SF mix, now it's like, oh, let's let the dude remix everything.
Yeah?
Pretty much.
Pretty much, I think I summed it up.
But these songs right here, I'm predicting it here, you're going to see those all as hidden songs in Max 2.
Those are all going to be hidden songs in there.
And they're also going to be probably in, um... Let's see.
They're also going to be, uh...
Sorry, I flashed Jamie.
Anyways, there are also going to be new songs for probably the U.S.
Macs, too, and also going to be in, obviously, DDR Extreme, too.
So look for those, and we'll probably have MP3s as well as Bomani, so have MP3s.
They quote six hours after the game comes out, they will have MP3s up on their site, so look for them.
They should have the MP3s there.
Now also, on top of that, since we're... Actually, I hate to cut you off, but you know, when Max USA came out, we actually went live and played Max USA on air.
We'll do the same thing for Max 2.
Okay, and let's see now, we've also got, since we were talking about that, more info on Max 2.
They've announced some of the playlist, or some of the song lists that's going to be there.
It's going to be a lot of, pretty much everything has come back from the arcade version of Max 2, except A Minute, let me see, I believe it's A Minute, The Whistle Song,
Ah, shit.
There's like four songs that they were cut.
Anyways, so those will not be back.
There's rumors that they're going to be just, you know, unlocks, but I don't know.
There's another picture that they said that they saw a minute in it for the home version, so it's possible it's an unlock.
Also, on top of that, you're going to have some of the older songs.
You're going to have Kind Lady and So In Love in there, plus, you know, Dynamite Rave and all the old, pretty much all the third mix stuff.
All the barfy katas.
Yeah, all those that were in there before.
And there's going to be some DDR Extreme preview tracks in there.
Like, Crash, Hooray
On top of that, there's going to be Oni modes as well, and the ability to make your own custom Oni modes.
Oh, neat.
Custom Onis, that'll be kind of cool.
Stop it!
The fuck are you doing, this stupid hedgehog flying over my damn head?
Or weasel, or whatever the fuck that is.
Anyways, so that's what's coming up, we'll have that.
Um...
Now, aside from all that, I mean it.
I'm going to rip that thing in half.
What?
Am I the Loki in the middle?
Am I the Loki in the middle?
No, no, no, you're the Loki in the middle.
Okay, anyways, so now, let's get to some other news other than that.
We'll cover Dancing Stage Megamix in just a second.
Really quickly here, moving along, we've got Poppin' Music 9 info.
and this is kinda cool, they were talking about, it sounds like it's almost like Bishibashi here, now they have Poppin' Music 9 Imallu, which is, I guess it's gonna be a version of Poppin' Music 9, it's kinda like the powered up versions of Guitar Freaks, where it has, you know, the e-cards that are gonna go in there, you know, the magnetic cards that store all your data,
and you're going to have a lot of different modes in there.
Like for instance, you can like swap, I guess you can earn items in this game with the scores that you get to buy stuff and you can send it to each other.
They have, well let's see, let's get to the actual cool stuff.
They've got a mini game in it that's called Bomani that's actually like Beatmania because there's a turntable
on this machine.
There's a turntable and two keys.
Which is kind of weird.
Yeah, it doesn't make any sense.
They've got another game called Puka Puka, which is in... Sounds dirty.
This game, you use the buttons to avoid objects while trying to reach the good, whatever the fuck that means.
Yeah, target practice, you know, something like that.
Table tennis.
It pretty much sounds like bishy-boshy, you know.
And they're going to have some songs, new songs.
But now...
I don't even want to know what's going on behind me, okay?
Honestly, I see flashes of light and a stupid weasel thing flying around.
I don't want to know what you guys are taking pictures of.
Especially since it's around my ass.
I'm really afraid to see what that stupid thing is doing to my ass, okay?
So anyways, now, Guitar Freak.
We've got a lot of Transplant songs from Poppin' Music that are going to be in it, plus some pretty cool shit.
We've got Apple and Honey from Poppin' Music that's going to be in there, C777 from Poppin' Music, Impulse of Blue.
Now that sounds like Blue Impulse, but you know, I don't know, it's probably a different song.
I'm a Loser.
We've got the extra stage as being Kaleidoscope by Jimmy Weck.
Also, you might remember, he is the guy that did Across the Nightmare.
We've also got the encore stage from Dance Maniacs, Mad Blast by The Infection, which is really awesome.
Now, bonus tracks, we're going to have some long version songs.
We have Dreams in the Night, Twinkle Star, Cries in the Wilderness, and...
Party Hard by Andrew W.K.
They've also got Show Business by ACDC.
Oh, dear God.
And Mr. Children.
I recognize Mr. Children.
Or Crossroads by Mr. Children, I think.
But there's some other J-Rock stuff in there, too.
I don't know J-Rock, so, I mean, I don't know.
Look at the list.
Yida Hitomi is the one who did My Sweet Darling.
All right.
And she has a song called Adante.
Now, now that's all out of the way.
That's all about Guitar Freaks 9th and Drum Mania 8th.
Yes, so now we're going to have... Wow, I'm so moist in anticipation of Guitar Freaks 9th, not...
That's just gross.
Okay, now, finally, with the list of the songs, the game will probably never play because it's in Europe.
Fucking Europeans.
They've got a brand new Dancing Stage Megamix.
It's going to be basically equivalent to R-Max 2 or whatever.
Anyways, it's going to have seven licensed songs.
Stealing Beats by Kid Galahad.
Never heard of it.
Love at First Sight by Kylie Minogue.
I have that.
We can play it.
Love Cats by The Cure.
That's so awesome that The Cure gets into DDR and it's a shitty song.
When You Look At Me by Christina Milan, whatever that is.
Yeah, whatever.
Shake Your Body by Shy FX and T-Power featuring DJ Ranma.
Whatever.
One Step Closer by S. John Jay.
Yeah, whatever.
And A Little Less Conversation, Elvis vs. JX.
A little less conversation, a little, a little, a little.
I don't know the fucking words.
I'm just going to make them up.
They're pretty much going to have the same shit we're going to have on our DDR Max 2.
It's going to be all the Konami originals, plus the preview songs from DDR Extreme.
Same shit there.
But here's where the funny part is.
Their unlock system.
Their unlock system is a joke.
Is it like you just play a song?
You don't even have to pass it?
You just play it and then...
You can unlock.
No, seriously.
The first unlock is after one song.
It unlocks... Let me pull this up because it's really ridiculous.
Wasn't it Endless Mode or something that was after one song?
No, that's after quite a few.
Oh, Records Mode after one.
Whoop-a-dee-doo!
Obviously it's going to have to be after one because you're going to have to play a song in order to have a record for it.
Let's see here.
Oh, here we go.
After three points, which is basically three unlocks, you get training mode.
Six points, you get edit mode.
You get ten points and pass 70 songs.
You get max 300, 15 points, and 100 songs, so you get endless mode.
Whoop-a-dee-doo.
What a shit.
All right, that's it.
That's all the news I have.
Yay, that was wonderful.
Oh, and if the DDR Extreme OST came out, the non-stop suck ass.
That's it.
Why does the non-stop suck ass?
Because they didn't remix shit.
They didn't remix anything.
Okay.
Now, next up on the show.
God damn, you guys.
It's a surprise.
Okay.
What we're going to do, we're going to do the FUs of the week.
Are you done playing your stupid ferret?
Give me the ferret.
Give me the ferret.
You guys, seriously, I'm going to make you all go outside and we'll just, we'll finish the show.
Hey!
Okay.
Was that Skyvis voice of the game?
Skyvis voice of the game.
Children.
That's all I got to say.
Hello.
Okay.
FUs of the week are coming back and I don't have to think very hard about what mine's going to be.
But, yeah, thank you.
Maren, does someone want time out?
Do you guys need time out?
Yeah.
I quit.
I quit.
I'm hiring Marin to come here and be your mother.
She left.
Oh, she needs to be here, though.
Okay, what we're going to do, we're going to do the F... Knock, knock, knocking on the door.
Okay, we're going to do the FDs of the week, so go ahead and start sending those to me.
I'm in the chat room.
Yes, I'm going to turn around this car right now.
Send those to me.
I'm in the chat room.
I'm SkyOMG.
That's me, I'm SkyOMG And just send those to me over a private message And when we get back we're going to do those FUs of the Week What?
Is somebody in there?
Oh god, hold on Anyway, but Jamie, come here, because you need to hear this Alright, but before we go to the FUs of the Week We want to play one quick song Loki, you want to introduce this song?
Yes, uh, this is the remix that I did for Jamie, for her brand new, uh, FDU music.
It's, uh, Schlagwerk, DarkSakura, we'll fuck you up mix.
Alright, so this is a brand new Loki remix.
In honor of, uh, in honor of... Thank God, because I have to piss so bad.
Okay, here we go, it's Schlagwerk, the DarkSakura, we'll fuck you up mix by Loki, enjoy.
You fucked up!
You fucked up!
This is fucked up!
What did you think of that?
You like that?
That's a good one.
That was the world premiere of Schlagwerk, the DarkSakura will fuck you up mix by Loki.
Very cool.
He uses the F word a lot.
What?
It's the first good one dedicated to me.
Angel got Jamie a happy bunny for her keychain, yeah.
That was very cool.
Okay, kids, so is that your new FU theme then?
The Money Goes in the Dark!
Think about what your FUs of the week are now before the microphone gets to you.
Thank you.
Why am I still trying to pull up the TerraMix of Schlagwerk?
I do not know.
Okay, let's start it off with the only woman who can start this off, the FUs of the week.
I had aches at one moment, now it's all gone.
I have to say that the first one would definitely go toward my state of unemployment, not having money.
But I will know within this week if I have another job, which I likely will.
So it's great for me.
And the other one goes toward stupid fucks on the road.
I hate them and I want them to die.
Not taking me with them.
I want there to be the Battle Royale of the Rhodes with me as the victor.
And them all lying in bloody burn.
Ooh, a tank.
Oh, that's right.
I need a tank.
Somebody give me a tank.
And my other view goes toward my birthday is on the 19th, okay?
And I can't go do my normal thing that I do because I don't have money.
Someone buy me the Battle Royale novel.
Thank you.
All right, moving on.
Let's hear from Loki.
Damn it, I missed, uh, I, like, forgot a lot of them.
But that's right, that's right, that's right, that's right.
Alright, uh, to start it off, um, big F you to the stupid bitch that was sitting next to us.
Actually, big bitch that was sitting next to us at the movie theater yesterday.
First off, there was plenty of other seats, but no, your fat ass had to move in front of us before the show.
But you did before the show!
Then her stupid, ugly kid sat next to me, too.
And then her fucking...
Then after all that, she ended up having her cell phone on during the movie and then it rang and she answered it and started talking and just wouldn't fucking shut up, so I hate her and I wish she'd die.
Big F you also to the stupid bastards that drive cars in parking lots.
When I'm trying to back out, don't fucking park your car behind mine.
The next time you do that, I'm going to back up at full speed and kill you.
That's it.
Simple as that.
Especially if you're just a pedestrian standing there, that's even worse.
It'll make it nice and easy for me to run over you.
So, um, yeah.
So don't get in my way in parking lots.
Stop distracting me with all this pencil crap!
Seriously!
Are you done?
No, I'm not done!
He bothered me!
Are you done now?
Um...
For now, because I can't remember them.
They'll come back.
Good.
I have a few FUs of the week I'd like to give out.
My first FU goes to Daylight Savings Time.
One more.
No, it's my turn.
Hold on.
Hold on.
We'll go back.
We'll go back.
My first FU goes to Daylight Savings Time.
What the fuck?
An hour of sleep lost?
because somebody decided we need more suns so the children can play outdoors more.
Fuck that.
It's not safe to play outdoors more.
Rob, actually it's because the year isn't exactly 365 days.
And then there's an actual, you know... Wait, no, that's leap years.
Never mind.
I don't know.
I don't give a shit.
It sucks my balls.
Not every country celebrates it.
Why do we have to?
I lost an hour of sleep.
Lick me.
Arizona rules.
Okay.
What else?
Arizona doesn't celebrate Martin Luther King Jr.
Day either.
They're kind of fucked up.
What else am I trying to think of?
Oh, there was something else.
F you to having a crush and not knowing what to do with it.
I hate that.
F you to traffic.
I hate cars.
F you to...
F you to zero, he's looking at me funny.
I'm just kidding.
I couldn't think of anything else.
Alright, back to Loki.
Um, this is gonna be an F you to pretty much everyone that was not competing in DDR Idol, but the judges for DDR Idol.
Listen, you stupid bastards!
I worked hours on the fucking audio setup!
The reason you can't hear yourselves in the mic is because you're whispering into the fucking mic!
Talk loudly!
I did sound checks so you can hear people.
You're like, I can't hear myself because I'm talking really quietly.
Turn it up!
Turn it up!
Speak louder, you stupid bastard!
That news, the guy that played Simon, you really sucked.
You pussed out, man.
Hey, I like that guy.
He was great.
Well, he pussed out, man.
He was good, but had failure, not had bronchitis.
He pussed out.
I could have been a better Simon.
That's right.
I would have hated everyone, so I guess I couldn't have done that.
Well, there might be something involving American Idol on this station in the future.
Who knows?
Ideas are going around.
Anyway, so F you tonight, and F you for eBay for having me take it.
I'm done.
Alright, moving on.
Let's go around the room.
We'll start with what?
Let's start with Tal.
He's over here.
We'll go this way.
Alright, Tal, kick it off.
What's up?
I'd like to give a nice fuck you to, oh, everybody who's ever gone to Scandia.
Except for, you know, my friends.
Because we're intelligent people.
We know what English is.
We speak it.
We know how to read it.
We know what it means to be able to follow instructions.
You know?
Yes, this is the best background ever.
And I'd like to give a... Dude, there's some seriously retarded people out there.
It's so scary.
I want to know just how many people, when we came back after the tournament, while I was playing 2DX, how many people came up with that token machine and put money in it when it said, please use another changer.
Dude, you know... People are stupid and can't read.
and one person was like, oh my god, the machine stopped working and I stopped in my game and said, read the sign.
You know what area Scandia is located at, right?
You know how many people are illiterate there?
Yeah, but people are just as stupid who go to RVGL.
There's nothing that's made me want to go back and get my college degree and work in Scandia.
At least there are more retards at RVGL than at Scandia.
No, dude, seriously.
Until you work there, there are people, there are retards that work at RVGL.
There's retards at Scandia, and then there's just people who expect other people to do it for them at RVGL.
No, no, it's like this.
People at Scandia don't have a choice, but people at RVGL do.
That isn't even worse.
It boggles the brain.
And, um, let's see, what else would I like to ask you?
Yeah.
I'd like to give a nice big fuck you to Gitaroo Man, because I don't have it, and I really, really want it.
And it's like... And, um... God, I had a whole list of them today, but I don't remember, so I'll come back.
Wait, no, I won't.
I'll keep this, because I'm a mic whore.
My turn.
Okay.
Uh...
My first lucky goes to being broke because I had to live off $20 this weekend because that's almost all I have left until I get more luck.
Fuck you to expiring ATM cards.
I've had no money this weekend.
Okay, well... It's because it pays, yeah.
Okay, thank you.
Now, uh... Oh, yeah.
Okay, well, anyway.
Also...
Fuck you to bad grades, because it sucks.
Shut up!
And also, fuck my bike, because it got another flat tire.
You got a flat tire?
Yes, on my bike, yes.
Yes.
And... And fuck the old GPAs for not having lights on them.
Put one in.
I'll put one in.
Yes, I know about the afterburner, and I'm too cheap to get one.
So I just use a bike light under my chin.
Okay, I'm Ryan for the show.
I have, like, a light shield thing, but it sucks.
That's a gadget.
I have you go to Rob and Jamie for the free show, making retard noises during Daikonkai.
Next time you guys go in the middle of a great song like Daikonkai, just kill yourself first.
Oh, shut up.
Hey, Anita's here.
Hey, Anita.
Okay, next.
Fuck the judges for making me stop in the middle of my Guacamole Del Taco routine.
I was like 95% of the way done just because I was like failing my song.
You know what?
Sorry to cut you off.
I fucking agree with that.
You paid your money to be up there.
It doesn't matter what other people think.
You paid your money.
You should get to do your dance.
The gong is a stupid idea and eat me.
Thank you.
I wish I had a gong.
Fucking single and a bunch of hoes.
And I agree with the whole crush thing.
It's a bitch.
Anyways, no, I got a few fuckies, actually.
Um, yeah, fuck you to the judges for stopping you.
That pissed me off more than anything.
I wanted to get up and, like, just start hitting people, then I want to get sent home.
Um, fuck you to losing my voice after doing Orange Lounge all weekend last week.
I couldn't talk.
You're my hero.
I couldn't talk for, like, two days afterwards, but it was fun.
Zero's a hero.
Shush!
No, um, and, uh...
Yeah, fuck you to the people who were making fun of the DDR Idol contestants because I really didn't see you guys get up there and do anything.
Yeah, let's see you get some balls.
Yeah, or something.
Um, anyways, this is pointless, it's like microphone juggling.
Sorry, I've got to thank Lizzie for bailing me out earlier to save my life.
Yeah, um, fuck...
Yeah, fuck you to all those stupid bastards who pointed and laughed at me when I stumbled on a challenge that caused me to have a damn breakdown.
Um, yeah, fuck you to all the morons in Scandia, well, the, um, whatchacallit, the customer morons that aren't us.
Yeah, they're all fucking jackasses that need to just go live at RBGL for a month.
Um,
Yeah, fuck you for being tired and fuck you for the other same time because I lost an hour.
And fuck you to Battle Royale and here's the reason why.
We didn't see all the deaths.
I wanted to see all of the however many 40 deaths or whatever.
I wanted to see each and every one of you in detail.
How everyone happened.
Some of them you just hear they died.
Huh?
No, I want to get it.
And I want to get the script, too.
But anyways, yeah, and fuck you to trying to get your computer networked, because it never seems to happen.
Did they get that done yet?
Networking the computers?
Fuck.
Okay, I'm done.
Angel's turn, is it?
Alright, I'd like to say, fuck you to jet lag, because I haven't been able to... Hey, hey, my floor!
Thank you.
Oh, it got really quiet in here, how nice.
Alright, fuck you to jet lag, because I haven't been able to get used to the time since I got back on Thursday.
I haven't been getting any sleep.
Ask Rob, because he knows that I only got 25 minutes of sleep last night.
Well, wait, that doesn't help, because Black Lab, myself, and Dark Tessia were playing 2DX all night long.
Anyway.
Anyways, yeah, fuck you to jetlag, and fuck you to airplane food, because it sucks.
Not all the time, but this time it sucks.
Alright.
I'm gonna engage your fuck you to traffic jams.
How the hell am I supposed to get from Sacto to Novato within 90 minutes if it's on a two-lane road, 35 miles per hour,
Bumper to bumper.
That's why we were late.
Fuck you to Istanbul.
Pussy ass Simon.
All of the judges, number one, were gonging DT.
Number two, Simon actually passed me.
He just completely pussed out.
And... I'm Sven.
Alright, let's move on.
Yay!
Well, we have the chatroom FUs, so let's get to the chatroom FUs.
Okay, we have... Justin wants to say, FU to Friday night, no one at Scandia, and there was this girl playing DDR, and I was playing with her, but she had no idea how to play.
And then I try telling her, and she's like, well, I don't remember what she said.
Something in Spanish, because she didn't even speak English.
On a good note, I'm getting a free customized CD from LED Records, which is Judy Crystal, Maria Shore, Priscilla, and Rose's producer.
And an FU to the troll lady I saw driving with missing teeth.
Ness151 would like to say a big hearty FU to DDR Coralville for not giving free tokens, and to LegendOfMax and ParanoiaSurvivorMax for making me lose the feeling in my thumbs for grabbing onto the bar.
Bar Raper!
Just kidding.
We all gotta get some somewhere.
Some people get it from the bar.
That's alright.
SkylineDC505 would like to say F you to term papers and car insurance rates for teens.
Ouch.
JapanMan would like to say, yayay, fuck extreme for giving me the worst non-stop random all-course La Seorita, Butterfly, Be In My Paradise, and Get Up And Move.
Sucks my butt.
Sucks ass, actually, damn it.
Fuck stupid-ass people at Halo LAN parties that are on your team and kill you because they think it's fun.
Fuck yeah, okay, the end?
Vandalists would like to say, my FU is for Fred Phelps and his godhatesfags.com website.
Thank you!
I forgot to mention that.
That was my other thing I was going to say FU to.
I'm particularly irritated by the following off that site.
He gives a link and vandalists feel free to post that in the chat room because it's too long for me to read.
But they're going to protest Mr. Rogers' funeral.
They're saying that Mr. Rogers is going to burn in hell because he was a sissy.
What?
These are those radical... They're those radical idiot people at godhatesfags.com and if you ever... They're the people that I want to go after with shotguns just because... Oh my god, there's not a more godly person than Mr. Rogers ever.
You can't possibly protest anything the man ever did.
Terry, put that link up in the chatroom.
They don't believe us.
So put that link up and see it for yourselves.
Some people out there are very sick and need to go on Battle Royale.
I bet you you put people like that who hide behind, you know, something that they've made up, you know, this, this, whatever.
I'm not even going to get into the whole debate on here.
Not only has he put up GodHatesSpags.com, but he's also put up GodHatesAmerica.com, and he's spoofed God Bless America into God Hates America.
And coming up next is... How the hell does he do that?
Coming up next is God Hates Bomani.
Alright, Fred Phelps, you go to hell!
You go to hell, you die now!
Alright, moving on.
Hold on, hold on, hold on.
Yes.
Angel wants to say hi to Vandalist!
Yes!
Thank you.
Alright.
Yuko would like to say, Okay, my fuck you is to Mark.
Whoever Mark is.
Fuck you for fucking leaving me at the movies all by myself.
Making me walk home in the dark by myself.
He needs to die.
Yes he does.
That's mean.
And an F you to my cell phone because it's damn clip has to unclip when I'm running across a busy road so I have to go searching for it when I'm flipping out about it almost being run over.
Rice Princess would like to say, fuck you to playing Foundation of Our Love over and over again, change the song.
Although she likes that song, I just used it to all hell.
My bad.
Alright, Vidpala would like to say, F you to homework, F you to getting teacher recommendations.
I always thought that was a good thing, but whatever.
And F you to not being able to get the turntable on the right-hand side of Beatmania 2DX when I'm playing on first player, but other than that, 2DX is awesome.
Hit the white key, then go to save.
I'm sorry.
Let's use the second player side.
Yeah, just do it on the two player side.
There must be something, there's some greater scheme going on.
I don't know.
Anyway, that does it for the FUs of the week.
Hooray, we're through it.
I feel like just moving right on into the cage match.
What do you guys say?
Sure.
Let's do that.
We're going to move right on into the cage match.
I've got to queue some things up.
Okay, that CD's all ready to go, but I need to queue up this CD as well.
So, does anybody else have anything they'd like to say about the FUs of the week while I'm trying to queue up some cage match things?
will come up with something.
I like traffic, like, oh wait, what?
No!
No!
Throwing ferrets back and forth is fun.
Yes, it is.
Isn't it?
Isn't it fun?
Yes, isn't it fun, Loki?
Isn't it fun?
Oh, you were saying something?
Sorry, I was laying at my watch.
Ah, screw that.
Where's the ferret?
I want to throw it somewhere.
Give me the ferret.
By the way, fuck these lights.
They're too bright.
I've got a microphone, it's the microphone I have, here we go, into the cage match, ladies and gentlemen, last week...
Two weeks ago on the Orange Lounge Radio Cage match, Loki brought in this song called Spente La Selle, and it's pretty cool.
And it won!
And it's been the winner for two weeks now, because, oh yeah, it's some special mix.
Vocal Club Mix, it doesn't say the remixes on there.
Here it is.
Here's a clip of last week's winner.
Oh, the way the cage match works, we play three songs, we only play a clip of the song that won last time, and then you vote, and the song you vote as winner goes into rotation on Orange Lounge with Monty Music and more, which plays all the time on this station when we're not here.
Okay.
If he's not, if this guy's not leaving, he'd have to, like... Yes.
Here it is.
This is Opera Trance with Spente Listelli.
This is last week's winner, and we're going to play just a clip of it.
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft
Alright, that's last week's winner, or two weeks ago's winner, that's Spente La Stelle by Opera Trance.
Okay, moving right along, let's go into Jamie's pick, shall we?
Jamie, would you like to tell us about your pick?
No, play it.
Just play it?
You don't even want to introduce it?
You don't want to give them the name to vote for?
JB sent me this.
JB sent you this, but do you want to even say what it is?
Wildside Queen of Love Speed Version.
Wildside Queen of Love Speed Version.
This is the second entry in the Orange Lounge Cage match.
Enjoy.
and many more.
Thank you for watching!
All right, that is WildSide, who's... WildSide's been a pretty popular pick in the cage match lately.
WildSide has been in the cage match quite a little bit lately.
That was Queen of Love, and you might have recognized that as being Bukhwa from 3rd Korean.
So let's go around the room and see what everyone thought of WildSide, Queen of Love, starting with Puppy.
Sounded like the original version a lot.
It's kind of a cool song, but I'd say a 7.5.
I think it's a big 5, because it sucks.
And I hate Wild Side.
And yeah, it sucked.
The original was better.
Wild Side sucks, because they can't do any of their own songs.
They just do covers, and they suck ass.
And Sci-Fam sucks as a piss-off TV show.
Okay, Santa doesn't suck, but I definitely have a kiss against the wild side.
I'll give it a four and a half.
Angel?
Uh, it did sound like a lot, or not like the original, but, uh, I don't know, it was alright.
I'd say four.
Man, they weren't kidding when they said everything must change.
Including the lyrics, damn.
But still, not bad for an experience.
I like it cause my Itoko sent it to me.
It gets a 12.
It's okay, I think a lot of you guys are being too harsh on it, it's not bad.
But Kwa's better, it really is, but it's not bad.
I'd listen to that on a rainy day.
I'd give it a 7.
Okay, so.
Alright, my pick.
I was going to pick a different song.
I was going to pick a song... Okay, last night at the party, this guy Garrett, who's new in town, that plays... Well, he's not really new in town, actually, he's lived here his whole life, but he's new to the Sack of Omani scene.
We saw him randomly playing 2DX one night and we just kind of sucked him up into our little circle.
And it turns out he owns a copy of Amplitude.
You haven't met him yet.
Alright.
He has Amplitude and he brought that over to the little shindig we had last night.
And there's a song on there I fucking love by Freeze Pop.
It's called Super Sprode by Freeze Pop.
However...
Can I talk?
Can I speak?
Can I speak?
Can I finish?
Can I finish?
No.
Anyway.
But I couldn't find a copy of Super Sprode, which kind of sucks.
But I did find another song by Freeze Pop that kicks a lot of ass, so this is my cage match pick for this week.
This is Science Genius Girl.
And this is my cage match pick from Freeze Pop.
So enjoy.
It will be a member of my band
It will be a member of my band
Measure up the chemicals
Safety goggles on my eyes.
Turn the fountain burner on.
My creation comes alive.
I have come, a human being.
It is here and holds my hand.
I have come, a human being.
It is now a member of my band.
I have come, a human being.
It is now a member of my band I have grown a human being It is now a member of my band I have grown a human being It is now a member of my band
Alright, that was, I'm being told that's actually in frequency, but I wouldn't even know because I've never played frequency.
Freeze Pop with Science Genius Girl, that was my pick.
So, let's go around the room, what did y'all think of that?
Jamie?
One second.
I was drinking her Propel.
That's what it gets.
It gets a burp.
A weak burp for a weak song.
You suck.
Magus?
Alright.
Not good.
Not good.
Not good.
Eat me.
Eat me.
Okay.
Three.
Three?
Alright.
Freeze Pop.
What does Freeze Pop get?
TGR Angel.
I liked it, except it was kind of making me fall asleep.
Whatever.
Whatever.
Okay, um... Oh my god.
Not your turn.
Angel.
Now you're going last, so you can wait.
Angel.
I really, I really did like the beat, but, you know... Six.
Zero.
You know what, she just gave you that sourcing.
No, okay, first of all, I don't remember which fucking game that was from.
I don't care, I must not, I really must not have paid attention to that crappy-ass song.
Okay, I heard the fucking DWI to that, and I thought it was cool for, like...
Negative 4 seconds.
It was cool before it started.
I didn't even know there was a DWI.
Okay, the best part about that song was when it ended.
I give it a negative 80 million.
But don't worry, Rob, though, because, you know, that song that you were talking about earlier is going to win everybody over.
Yeah, I know.
I know.
I'll win it next week for sure.
It's not Wildside, and it's not the ketchup song.
I'll give it a six and a half.
Yeah, thank you.
Yeah, um, gee, I wish I could be a wannabe goth girl and hit the keyboard at random and sing a song in monotone.
If you had a woman, William Shatner, that would pretty much be pretty close to what that was right there.
I mean, and he would be better.
Okay, let's just put it this way.
I can see why it was infrequency, because it probably cost nothing to license, since it sucks major ass.
So, um, I'm giving it a one.
A one.
Sucks me.
I know you people out there who just vote against my song because you try to piss me off.
I don't care, because I'll come back stronger, better, faster.
Oh yeah, one last thing.
As for the previous song, I enjoyed the previous song very well.
I give it an 8.
Uh, I know this is really, really late and out of segment, but, uh, F you stupid AOL commercials, because, uh, I don't want to see an icon sleep with some ugly hoe.
That's it.
Okay, as late as that comment was, I'll ignore it now.
Of course, because AOL's got a scree anyway.
Yes.
Shut the hell up.
Speak!
That song owns.
Breezepop owns you.
Yes, they do.
Ten.
I thought that song was pretty good, and I liked it on frequency, so I give it an 8.
Okay, now, I give this a perfect score, and let me tell you why, okay?
I sat down, and I patiently listened to all your bullshit, and so you're gonna listen to me now.
Okay, first off, Freeze Pop, Science Union's girl, band out of Boston, they're playing modern new wave music from the electro-clash school of style, okay?
They're ma-
These guys fucking own you for free.
No.
Fuck you.
I'm gonna wait.
I'll wait.
You're gonna wait.
Go ahead.
I'm gonna wait.
Now check this out.
Science Genius Girls is a brilliant competition.
It's a really well-made new wave song.
It's a really well-made modern industrial pop song, okay?
The song is really cool, and it's fun!
It's fun to play, it makes the game better, and... Yeah, shut the fuck up, Zero.
You don't know what the hell you're talking about anyways, cause you're like, OH MY GOD IT SUCKS!
The thing is that- Okay, no, hold on!
You know what, the only reason why you know all this shit about this band is because you have to make up for how much they fucking suck!
If they sucked, I wouldn't care!
If they sucked, you wouldn't care- you're carrying right now if they suck!
Listen to the song again!
I have like seven remixes.
I have their album.
That's sad.
Did you find it in like a five cent bin?
Seriously.
Seven remixes what?
They had to take seven fucking times to make it right?
You're a hoe man!
You're a hoe!
Well at least I don't sleep with my mother!
Everyone shut up!
Your dog was better!
I have nothing wrong with the style, I just didn't like that one.
And that's why it wasn't a burp.
Rob, the ketchup song?
What in the hell did I miss in five weeks?
Rob, do you have a hickey on your ass yet?
From that side of the room, you got a hickey on your ass.
Forgive me for liking people like Fischer Fuder and Creed Paul, man.
I go to clubs like that.
No one else gives a microphone!
The chatroom says Cage Match is turning into an actual Cage Match.
Time to vote.
Okay.
Battle Royale, I win.
First song you can vote for.
Here's a clip.
Opera Trance, Spente Lastelli, last week's winner.
Alright, next one you can vote for, Wild Side, Queen of Love.
Alright, last one, the ever controversial Freeze Pop with Science Genius Girl.
All right.
Oh my God.
Things are going crazy in here.
Okay.
Send your votes now over private message in the chat room to Sky.
No more talking about Cage Match songs.
No more.
Sit down.
Sit down.
Shut up.
Okay.
Sit your ass down in that chair and drink your goddamn tea.
It's the Final Fantasy quote.
It's the best video game quote ever.
It's it.
Nice.
Dead air!
Yay!
Sorry, I had to type that out for the chat room so I could see what they were going for.
Let's get a little break so that Sanford can calm down.
Okay, let's go to a break and everybody's going to be doing some yoga.
Everybody's going to do some yoga.
We're going to play Journey into Wonderland and Usau Kun.
Wait, what?
What, Loki?
I'm sorry?
You have something you want to bring up?
Porn!
Yes?
Not porn!
Porn's not depressing!
Stupid!
No, I was going to talk about how this, actually, Monday we had to put my dog down.
Awww!
Yeah.
She's not seven million years old, she was fourteen!
No, we had to put my dog asleep, so we buried her up in, uh, Placerville area, up at some lake or something, and then between these trees we gave her her blanket, and... STOP HANDING ME YOUR FUCKING KEYS!
And then we put her bone and stuff in there, so that was kind of sad.
At least you didn't take pictures like Oolong.
No, not that I'm aware of.
Good.
I would be wondering about your sanity.
But I'm sorry about your dog.
That's alright.
for me, who doesn't like dogs, I liked your dog.
She was cool.
But she was old, and she was in pain, so we decided, I mean, she didn't die naturally, we just took her to the vet to have her put her to sleep because she was in pain, and she couldn't walk, and her back legs were going paralyzed, and she had cysts all over the place, and probably cysts on the inside of her, and she was having terrible breathing, and you know, all that wonderful stuff that we were just like, okay, we're just gonna put you down.
It was hard having to say goodbye to her, though, before I had to go to work.
I had to say a final goodbye.
It's sad.
Okay, well... Okay, before we turn... Now we've gone from Jerry Springer to, like, Depression Hour.
Now it's Oprah.
Alright.
Okay, but we're gonna play some... We're gonna cool down tempers by playing some mellow songs.
We're gonna play some mellow things.
So...
We will be back, and we're going to play a fun game when we come back.
We're going to play a game.
Is it called Science Genius Girl Sucks?
No, it's called... Let's shove the mic up, Loki.
No, no more.
Hey, no, no, hold on.
I want to see a hug.
I want to see a hug.
I'm not going to break until we see a hug.
I want to see a hug.
Come on.
There we go.
Now that was nice.
Alright, here's a break.
DarkSakura
Thanks for watching!
Saku, Saku, Hegatari Shirai Saku, Saku
Kawasakuretsu, kyou wa okosukai de, happi na gutsu getto, demo nani kawuka, mayochau nda yo ne
I want to eat, I want to have a stomach I want to eat, I want to have a stomach I want to eat, I want to have a stomach I want to eat, I want to have a stomach I want to eat, I want to have a stomach
Thanks for watching!
Hi, we're back.
I forgot to queue up a promo, so we're just back.
Actually, I'm going to play one more song because things are a little chaotic right now.
We're still trying to set up for match games, so enjoy one more mellow song, and then we'll be right back.
So one more mellow song, we'll be back.
Mellow Song
Orange Lounge Radio.
We put your thing down, flip it, and reverse it.
This server made up his mind, yeah, number... This server made up his mind, yeah, number...
Oh, shit.
Okay, trying to get all that stuff worked out for a match game was a little crazy tonight.
So many people in-house.
Okay.
Yes, what?
All right.
In the meantime, okay, we need contestants for the match game.
So the way we're going to pick contestants for the match game would be... Okay, quick trivia question.
The first two people in the chat room to message me the answer to this, there's a number in the title of that last song, and that number is whored out in a bunch of Konami products.
It's a three-digit number.
What is it?
First two people to answer me what that number is by private message in the chat room get to be our contestants.
Okay.
Now, I'm going to announce the winner of the cage match.
And drumroll please, the winner of the cage match.
By a pretty narrow vote, the votes were pretty well spread out, but believe it or not, Controversy wins, you guys.
Controversy wins.
I think it was because of the fight, if you guys hadn't gotten all Jerry Springer.
Yeah, I think it was the hug too.
Okay, so, uh, let's see.
Okay, I have one person in, so SnubDisfanoid gets to participate in tonight's match game, and... Oh, VidPower sent a wrong answer.
Let's see if we get any other, uh, correct answers.
Waiting on one more.
Okay, oh, let's see, let's see.
Rice Princess wants to know what the answer is.
That's what you've got to tell me.
The question is, what's the number horned out in all the Konami games?
She wants me to tell her the answer.
It's a three-digit number, and it's in the title of the last song.
I'll give you a clue.
Konami.
No, Skyline has it wrong too.
So we have one contestant so far.
Snub Dysphenoid.
Nope, let's see, let's see.
Nope, Rice Princess still wants me to just tell her.
There, we just told you.
We just told you the answer.
No, Skyline's wrong again.
I know we talked about this on the show.
Shame on you all.
Oh!
Oh, let's see, let's see, let's see.
There we go, Skyline gets it right.
So we have our two contestants, SnubDisnoid and SkylineDC505.
The answer is 573.
And VidPower was so close, he said 572.
Poor guy.
And then he said, he said, no wait, no wait, 571.
Okay.
So, there's our contestants, Snub and Skyline.
Okay, now we've got a whole mess of celebrities.
We have so many people in here, we've had to tag team some folks.
Okay, so, let's go around and... Oh, you know what?
You know what's really bad is I don't even have the match game music queued up.
So somebody needs to explain how match game works, please, while I look for it.
Fill in the blanks.
There you go.
Actually...
Yes, basically, Rob will read off the phrase to you, and then there's going to be a blank at the end of the phrase.
You have to fill in the blank.
So, yeah, watch the Game Show Network.
Anyway, we are going to go around and put down what we think it is.
You have to think of how we would answer it.
and whoever gets it gets a point.
However, if you don't, you're an ultimate loser.
And our celebrities today are Rob, me, Angel, um, well, they're a tag team.
Um, hey.
This dork over here.
The freestyler.
The other white guy.
Yeah, the other white guy and Angel.
All right.
Needless to say, there's plenty of celebrities in the house.
Puppy, yeah, we got it.
Okay.
Is Joey tag-teaming with somebody?
Loki?
Okay, yeah.
Okay, so we got it.
All right, here we go.
There we go.
Yeah, Puppy needs help with his answers.
You need to tag team with him.
Okay.
No more fighting, you guys.
Seriously, this is turning into an ugly, ugly episode.
Just do the game, damn it.
Now Jamie's yelling at me.
I can't take it.
Ow, she kicked me.
I cry.
Alright, first question.
I'm going to have my revenge because Jamie tonight is in two questions.
Alright, but first we're going to do a question about Angel.
Here we go.
Please don't yell, I have asthma.
Please don't yell, I have asthma.
Please don't yell, I have asthma.
Please don't yell, I have asthma.
Please don't yell, I have asthma.
Please don't yell, I have asthma.
Please don't yell, I have asthma.
Please don't yell, I have asthma.
Please don't yell, I have asthma.
Please don't yell, I have asthma.
Please don't yell, I have asthma.
Please don't yell, I have asthma.
Please don't yell, I have asthma.
Please don't yell, I have asthma.
Please don't yell, I have asthma.
Please don't yell, I have asthma.
Please don't yell, I have asthma.
Please don't yell, I have asthma.
Please don't yell, I have asthma.
Please don't yell, I have asthma.
Please don't yell, I have asthma.
Please don't yell, I have asthma.
Please don't yell, I have asthma
Angel was very excited to be back from Japan, and her buddies in Sacto were excited to watch her carry two big bags of souvenirs through the door to her welcome home party.
But they were shocked to find that the bags were full of nothing but blank.
I'm waiting on both contestants to give me an answer.
Alright.
Okay, there's one answer locked in.
I'm waiting on one more answer.
Angel carried in two bags full of blank.
Don't give your answers aloud, please.
Alright.
I think we have our other contestant locked in.
Jesus Christ, it's going to be one of those days.
Okay.
We have one of those contestants on the show tonight.
Alright.
Yes, I'm just going to warn you all.
We have one of those contestants.
Okay.
Everybody locked in in the room.
Yes.
Okay.
Here we go.
Should I read the contestants first or us first?
Contestants first.
Okay.
SnubDisfinoid says...
Angel was excited to be back from Japan.
Her buddies in Sacto were excited to watch her carry two big bags of souvenirs through the door to her welcome home party, but they were shocked to find that the bags were full of nothing but dead babies covered in feces.
Shame on you, Angel.
What about the babies?
Skyline, DC 505, says two bags full of nothing but Pocari Sweat.
Is that Pocari Sweat?
Which is kind of ironic because in reality, yeah, she did bring a little Pocari Sweat.
I have my answer.
Alright, let's go around the room and see if we have any matches.
Jamie, what was your answer?
Two bags full of... Two bags full of nothing but metal collars and tickets to a deserted island.
Metal collars and tickets to a deserted island.
I'm sorry, it's not a match.
Alright, moving on.
Angel and Magus, what did you guys come up with?
Well, so it would be kind of cheating for Angel to answer this one.
Fair enough.
Bags full of what else?
Propel.
Propel!
Very close, but not a match.
No, no, stop it!
Dammit.
Not a match, sorry.
Puppy, two bags full of?
Yaoi.
Yaoi!
No, I'm sorry.
Uh, Loki, two bags full of?
Iraqi suicide bombers.
I don't even know where you can find those in Japan, but whatever.
Okay, zero.
They're out there.
You get them out of vending machines.
Zero.
They're imported.
Unlucky and super lucky weapons to distribute randomly.
Unlucky and super lucky weapons to distribute randomly.
No, I'm sorry.
See, I was going to say the same thing as Jamie, but I knew that she was going to say something about royale reality.
So I went with the other great import.
A bag full of Chairman Kaga's uniform from Iron Chef.
Iron Chef uniform.
All right.
Let's put used underwear.
I was going to say soiled panties, but then, you know, I thought some people might take that the wrong way.
My answer is she brought in two bags full of hentai.
Sorry.
Not a match.
Sorry.
All right.
So, the scores... The score... That is awful.
I am so glad that it didn't get picked up on the mic.
Oh, my God.
I never said they were adults.
They could be babies.
You are an awful... No, no point.
God is great!
Saddam will... Yeah.
Yeah, alright.
Shut up.
Alright, moving on.
Okay, here we go.
Next question.
Why am I getting an answer already to a question that hasn't been asked?
Oh, Loki is worse than I. Yes, yes he is.
Alright, here we go.
Next question.
Rob and Jamie were getting very irritated.
I should say Antal, too, because he's here.
So, what's up?
Because all three of us are getting very irritated at the shitty service provided to Sakbomani.com by the incompetent web hosts at $1hosting.com.
Bitches.
They decided to mail them a nice big box full of blank.
The three folks that run Sackbomani.com were getting very irritated by the incompetent web hosts at $1hosting.com.
They decided to mail them a nice big box full of blank.
All right, I'm going to mail him a nice big box full of blank.
That's a good one.
I think we're going to do that, too.
You're going to get a point just for that answer.
All right.
Is everybody locked in in the room?
All right, here we go.
The three folks that run sakbumani.com were getting very irritated by the incompetent web host at $1hosting.com.
They decided to mail them a nice big box full of Skyline DC-505 says, AOL CDs.
Brilliant.
Brilliant.
Here's another brilliant one.
This is the one I was laughing at.
SnubDisanoid says, shitty magazines from March Madness.
We had a big box of old video game magazines you were giving away.
It's a great answer.
It's fucking genius.
All right, let's see if there are any matches.
Here we go, Jamie.
I would send them in a box.
The severed heads belonging to their head tech with a grenade in his mouth.
Beautiful.
Another Battle Royale answer.
The tag team of Angel and Magus.
Poopy!
Wow, synchronized poopy.
I hear a doorbell.
Goodie.
Who's going to walk through the door next?
All right.
Okay.
Oh, Jonas is here.
Now, my turn.
Yes, your answer, puppy.
A box full of... RVGL flavored children.
RVGL flavored children.
All right, moving on.
Loki.
Iraqi suicide babies.
Oh, God, we gotta watch this.
There's not a lot of room in here right now, but we'll get to Jonas in a little bit.
We're gonna finish up Match Game, then we'll say hello.
Okay.
Zero, a nice big box full of... Stinky shit and jizz.
Stinky shit and jizz!
Lovely.
Alright.
Brand name of choice.
Brand name of choice.
Tal.
Actually, I was just thinking, you know, we should be nice to them.
They're friendly people, they host our site on occasion.
And so...
Until I'm thinking, you know, a nice box full of cyanide-laced cupcakes.
Cyanide-laced cupcakes.
Beautiful, but not a match.
I'm sorry.
All right.
I said that we decided to mail them a nice big box full of man porn.
Marked return to sender, return to sender.
boy oh boy, that was clever alright, no matches alright next question, here's your chance to catch up, it's all tied up, zip zip this question's about Zero alright Zero don't go there Zero is such a silly can I ask a question please, thank you
Zero is such a silly intern.
Last night when he was asked to go help shop for snacks, his friends were surprised when they walked into the 99 cent store and Zero went straight for the blank.
My FU goes to Rob for that question.
Alright, there you have it.
Zero is such a silly intern.
Last night when he was asked to go help shop for snacks, his friends were surprised when they walked into the 99 cent store and Zero went straight for the blank.
I already have my answer.
Went to the 99 cent store in Zero Wind Street for the blank.
Alright.
I suppose.
Here we go.
Zero is such a silly intern.
Last night when he was asked to go help shop for snacks, his friends were surprised when they walked into the 99 cent store and Zero went straight for the blank.
Stop it.
Is everybody locked in in the room?
Yes.
Those aren't them.
Those are my roommates.
Go put those back.
Look, hey, Jonas, Jonas, Jonas, Jonas, Jonas, Jonas, Jonas, look in the cupboard next to the refrigerator.
There's a whole bunch of, like, bags, big bags of chips and stuff in there.
That's alright.
Okay.
He brought my roommate's food to Jamie, that was pretty funny.
Okay, here we go.
99 cent store and zero went straight for the Skyline says, Funyuns!
Straight for the Funyuns.
Normally he would be right, says zero.
So maybe it'll be match, who knows.
Snub Dissanoid says, any kind of alcoholic beverage that tastes like nun's piss.
at the 99 cent store.
Beautiful.
He's so lucky I changed my answer before.
Alright.
Well, Jamie, what is your answer?
You went straight for the... The Korean onion flavored rings.
The Korean onion flavored rings.
Now is... Be careful, don't get cum... Okay, wait, hold on.
Okay, question.
Is that a match?
Yes.
It's a match.
Alright.
It's a match.
Because they're Korean Funyuns.
So, Skyline gets a point.
Hooray.
One point for Skyline.
Alright.
Moving on.
Angel and Magus, what did you guys say?
Zero went straight for the... We stick with the classic.
Yowie.
Yowie.
No, I'm sorry.
That's not a match.
Puppy.
They wouldn't sell Yowie that cheap.
Puppy, he went straight for the...
Those two preteen bimbos that were following him around at March Madness.
The teen bimbos that were following him around at March Madness.
I'm sorry, that's not a man.
They were that cheap.
And actually, they were checking you out more than they were checking out me.
So, have a good day.
Hey, man.
Loki.
Went straight for the... Okay, now the original answer of Iraqi Suicide Babies is now being replaced with Funion Flavored Pringles.
Funyun-flavored Pringles.
Is that a match, you guys?
No.
No?
They're Pringles, not Funyuns.
They're Pringles, not Funyuns.
And they're not rings.
All right, fine.
So it's not a match.
Sorry.
We already kind of had to stretch it to get the last one, so... All right.
Okay, Zero.
What did Zero go straight for?
Shining Explosive Necklaces to get out of this game.
Shining Explosive Necklaces to get out of this game.
I'm sorry, that's not a match.
Dave filling in for Shibam.
Yes, I can.
Dave?
Okay, he went straight for the neck of the cashier that was working there.
Straight for the neck of the cashier.
Alright, straight for the neck of the cashier.
Yeah, no, the bagger was worse.
Okay, my answer...
Zero is such a silly intern.
Last night when he was asked to go help shop for snacks, his friends were surprised when they walked into the 99 cent store that Zero went straight for the 99 cent hookers.
God, nobody said, nobody said 99 cent hookers.
Alright.
One point for Skyline, no points for Snub Dismoyed.
But here's your chance to catch up.
Two questions to go.
Alright, here we go.
Next question.
The March Madness tournament in Sacramento was such a great success, but a special message to all those of you that came out and participated.
Next time, please don't make us clean up your blank.
The March Madness tournament in Sacramento was such a great success, but a special message to all those of you that came out and participated.
Next time, please don't make us clean up your blank.
March Madness Tournament Sacramento, great success, but special message, next time, please don't make us clean up your blank.
Alright.
Very simple answer, locked in.
Waiting on one more.
Waiting on one more contestant.
Next time, please don't make us clean up your blank.
Are all the celebrities locked in?
Yes.
Yeah?
Oh, puppy's almost done.
Okay.
Puppy, you in?
He's writing, he's writing, he's writing, writing, writing, still writing, writing, and, and, and, he is almost done.
He's done.
All right, there he goes.
Put it down.
All right.
Wait, did they send new answers?
Okay, fine.
Okay, here we go.
The contestant said...
The March Madness Tournament in Sacramento was such a great success, but a special message to all those of you that came out and participated.
Next time, please don't make us clean up your... Snubdisfanoid says, poop.
Please don't make us clean up your poop.
Skyline says, please don't make us clean up your crap.
Is there a... Now, there is a difference between crap and poop.
Poop...
Crap could be anything.
Crap could actually mean crap, or crap could mean like your stuff that you left running around.
Poop is pretty narrow.
There's only one thing that could be considered poop.
It depends, you know, well there's several animals that could have pooped, but you know, poop is poop.
Crap could be poop, plus several other things, so I think Skyline has the edge on this, but we'll see, we'll see.
Let's go around and see the answers.
Jamie?
Please, next time, don't make us clean up your... Blood from their jugular veins is their collagen's blood.
All right.
Angel and Magus, Angel and Magus, here we go, your answer.
Cake pie.
Cake pie.
Please don't make us clean up your cake pie.
All right.
Puppy.
All the empty boxes of food from down the street.
All the empty boxes of food from down the street.
That's a true answer.
Alright, Loki, please don't make us clean up your... I've got yellow fever.
That's my answer.
You know what, Loki?
That would have been twice as funny if you'd used SARS.
But you didn't.
SARS?
That disease in Asia that's going on in the world.
Almost.
Almost.
Okay.
It's a joke from the... You can't see.
Alright, moving on.
Zero.
I said, don't make us clean up your shitty shorts after the judges review a new one.
Shitty shorts after the judges review a new one, isn't that lovely?
Lo and behold, what was my answer?
Don't make us clean up your crap!
Don't make us clean up your crap!
I had to, damn it!
You said crap, that is an exact match, an exact match with Skyline, beautiful.
Now it's 2-0, well let's see if SnubDisco can catch up here.
I said, please don't make us clean up your sweat.
Because you guys sweat a lot when you play DDR and you need to wear deodorant.
Okay.
Alright.
So, two points for Skyline and no points for Snub.
But that's okay, Snub.
Here's your chance.
Here is your chance to catch up.
And you've been bitching about the Battle Royale references all night long.
Well, here you go.
This last question is just for you to catch up.
Okay, here we go.
Jamie, I promised two questions about Jamie.
Jamie won the Bomani Battle Royale in Rob's living room last night Her secret weapon was her blank Jamie won the Bomani Battle Royale in Rob's living room last night Her secret weapon was her blank
Snubbed is your last chance to catch up.
Make it good.
Alright, we have one contestant locked in.
Ooh, excellent answer.
Excellent, excellent answer from that contestant.
Too bad we're not as smart as the contestants.
Alright, I think... Okay, fair enough.
Good answer from both people.
Are all the celebrities locked in?
S.I.
Fan, Jamie here with my big, faggy arms.
Okay.
Are you guys done over here, tag team?
You know, suddenly Angel's looking more and more attractive.
Huh?
I just wanted to know what you said.
Great.
Okay, alright, here we go.
Alright, so all the contestants are locked in, yes?
Are you, are you half birds finished?
Don't, okay, here we go.
That's my favorite thing the angel does.
Don't!
I hate you just as once.
Did you hurt like that much?
Ow, that hurt!
Meanie.
Alright, here we go, here we go.
Contestants, here we go.
Snub's got to catch up, and here's his answer.
Jamie won the Bomani Battle Royale in Rob's living room last night.
Her secret weapon was her remote collar exploder dealie.
Good answer.
Okay.
Jamie won the Bomani Battle Royale in Rob's living room last night.
Her secret weapon was her Skyline says... Oh, he changed his answer.
I think his first answer was better.
He said Orange Bat, which is a great answer, but he changed it.
His new answer is Boomstick.
So we have Remote, Collar, Exploder, Dealey, and Boomstick.
Alright, Jamie, what's your answer?
Orange Bat.
Orange Bat!
I knew it, too!
That's right, you're already in the lead, Skyline, you don't need it.
Alright, as Snub goes, yes, I still have a chance!
Okay, our tag team, lovely tag team of Magus and Angel.
Big.
Black.
Cock.
Her big black cock!
Dun dun dun!
Sorry, that's not a match.
But funny.
Puppy.
The ferret!
The ferret!
Good answer, but not a match.
Loki, her secret weapon was her Iraqi suicide babies.
Iraqi suicide babies.
Jamie, is this true?
I admit it.
I've been exporting them.
I keep them in my trunk.
All right, in your trunks.
Dear God, what about the children?
What about the children?
All right, moving on.
Zero.
Her paper plate.
Her paper plate, the real answer.
The true one.
And the magic marker.
Alright.
And the damn candlestick she jabbed me in the head with.
Alright.
In the study with Colonel Mustard.
Here we go.
Dave, who's filling in for Shiva.
Yeah, her secret weapon was her extremely high-pitched voice.
I hear it!
It's mine!
Do it!
Do it!
No!
Shatter, shatter, shatter.
I'm surprised, that reminds me of a story you told me earlier this week, and I'm surprised it was not your FU of the week.
You bitch.
Alright, anyway, my answer, yeah, I got carrot.
For the record, Jamie does sound like a younger person on the phone.
Okay, fuck you.
I have to get to that, I have to do another fuck you after this.
After the break.
But you know what?
It just goes to show that looks can be deceiving.
Because she's pure evil.
All right, my answer.
Let's finish this damn thing up.
Only three people are going to get this joke.
But I said Jamie won because of her cock snacks.
Cock snacks.
All right.
Skyline, two points.
Snub, zero points.
Skyline is the winner!
Yay!
And what does Skyline win, Jamie?
This carrot.
That you just ate.
You win a shiny new collar.
Alright.
Alright.
Okay, it's... Nice to meet you.
I got a call from a telemarketer yesterday after I had been in a wonderful mood.
and, and I, I answered him, hi!
You know, like I always do when I'm really happy.
And I was, it's like, hi, can I speak to your mommy?
My response is, fuck you, you go die, you motherfucker.
No, you can't talk to my mother.
And, I was like my number one pet peeve, okay?
And so, um, he was like,
What are you, 12?
Is that any way for a little girl to talk?
Let me speak to your mother.
I'm like, like, what did I say?
Oh yeah, go to hell and opt me out.
And hung up on him.
Opt me out being the way that, you know, they don't call you back.
Those who don't know.
If you want to get rid of a telemarketer, ask them to opt you out.
That was Storytime with Jamie, everybody.
Yay!
I'm really not that bad with telemarketers because Dan had to do that for a little while.
And I'm really patient with them usually, but that is my number one pet peeve is people tell him, you remember it on Under Sedation?
All of you.
So you get a fuck you too, but not recently.
Hey, you should have done this, you man.
Oh, hold on just one sec.
Hi.
Uh, fuck yourself in.
Fuck me up.
Okay, I'll put it this way.
I know you guys hate telemarketers, but I remember when I had to do telemarketing, we hate it more than you guys hate us having to do it.
It's totally tedious work, and it's stupid, and people hate you because you have to call them, but that's your job.
And it really sucks ass.
He was rude, though.
Yeah.
Well, yeah, it was just like, you know, like, we hate doing it more than you guys hate us calling you at 6 o'clock, right, when you're in the middle of dinner.
Like, the best time is when you're calling, when people are saying grace for dinner, because you'll hear Jesus Christ come out of their mouth.
It's the best thing ever.
No.
Or after they're done watching The Ring.
No, no, no.
Normally, like I said, I'm fine with telemarketers.
I'm normally, you know, just fine as I can be with them.
But that, I don't sound like I'm 12.
I don't know how I sound like I'm 12.
Even when I'm happy.
Do I sound like I'm 12 when I'm happy?
Shut up, Robbie.
I didn't say a goddamn thing.
I'm just looking at you.
I'm gonna go now.
I have to go back.
Jamie's gonna go make a gift.
And in the meantime, we're gonna play some gifts for you.
When we come back, we're gonna talk to Jonas.
Ask Orange Lounge
Sky, Loki, DarkSakura, DDR Angel, 23rd Magus, Puppi,
Ask Dark Tetsuya about what the rest of the routine would have been if those fuckers hadn't pulled him off stage.
Ask Xerox about how much he hates that name.
Or you can ask Jonas about what he's going to be doing at Power Station.
Way to go, way to go.
Power Station all the way.
Oh, you're damn right.
This is just the beginning.
All right, you can send those questions to us in our chat room.
If you want to join the chat room, you're not there yet.
It's super easy.
Just go to www.calibamani.com, and then you're going to click on Orange Lounge, and then you're going to click on Chat.
It's just that simple.
And stop by our forums while you're there, won't you?
and also you can send them over email if you're just too fucking lazy.
OrangeLoungeRadio at Yahoo.com Send them the private message in the chat room to SkyOMG.
That's my name tonight in the chat room.
Alright, so send those questions and we'll get to Ask Orange Lounge or ask any of our guests when we get back.
Thanks for watching!
I wish to leave the rest of you home Please take no message for sound and hope
Thanks for watching!
Thanks for watching!
Man, it's amazing, put it away, it's gonna go bang, blow my brain, ha!
I'm gonna come in and sing to the SDX show!
Welcome to Orange Lounge Radio, where love is orange.
Shaving monkeys is always permitted.
Just kidding.
But...
I'll just bring Shermie.
If Shermie doesn't like you, leave.
As always, we're brought to you by Orange Lounge Radio.
Hello.
We're back.
And that music means it's time for Ask Orange Lounge.
Or you can ask one of our guests.
And I've only gotten two questions so far, so we need more questions.
If you're listening, for the love of God, submit a question.
Puppy, you're leaving?
Oh, you're getting a ride to Davis and Towel?
Cool.
One less person I have to take home.
Bye.
All right.
I love you, puppy.
Bye.
Okay.
All right.
If you want, that'd be awesome.
Yeah.
Okay.
Uh, I really don't want to because it's just so much.
Yeah, okay.
Hi, anyway.
Yes.
Okay, Ask Orange Lounge time.
Now, before I get to Ask Orange Lounge, I'll give people time to submit more questions for anybody.
You can ask Angel, who's just been to Japan.
You can ask her about something she saw there.
You can ask Angel and Megas personal questions.
You can ask Joe about his routine.
You can ask Loki about why he's such a bastard.
You can ask Zero about Xerox or whatever.
You can ask Anita about being cute.
I'd like to comment on her quote yesterday in the chatroom.
It ruled.
You can read that off, by the way.
The quote was, bombing for peace is like fucking for virginity.
Also, I want to say hello to Jonas.
Let's talk to Jonas for a bit while people are submitting questions.
Give it a minute.
Jonas, how you doing?
I'm doing okay.
We didn't get to talk to you about the tournament.
How did you feel about it?
March Madness.
First of all, I felt this was the best tournament I've ever participated in.
Everything was all set up right.
Especially for PA.
Though, some people were complaining about
About having a 10-footer, you know what he said, any song?
Yep.
I think some people should, um, were complaining about putting, make it no 10-footers.
The score was like the easiest 10-footer of all time.
You know what's interesting, though, is that, um, the way Mike seeded is he didn't seed it just by score.
Some people that got, that screwed up their combos on bag and stuff got seeded lower.
If they got more than like 50 grades, he threw them in the bottom, saying, you know what, don't do that shit, which is pretty cool.
I know, I know.
That's why I picked bag, because of what they said about the rules, but, well, it doesn't matter anyways.
They're, they're,
The PA was like so close and everything, especially when you got the one perfect win.
Remember, you won by one perfect win.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Again, that's the second tournament I've done that at, so I don't... Now this is the thing, I'm being called the... No, it wasn't Loki, it was ShortyMC that I ended up upsetting, and now they're all calling me the upset king.
I'm like, how the fuck am I the upset king if I keep winning?
No, I'm just kidding.
I don't have any ego like that.
I honestly, both times, both times was a huge surprise.
It was a huge surprise both times.
And I know who you are.
I think I get...
When you were portrayed as Dr. Dick Oh yes, my alter ego Dr. Dick I know who I am, I know who I am, do you know why?
The video is going to embarrass my mother Video of the actual freestyle routine is out Don't waste your time downloading it It sucks Wait for the whole thing Wait for the official videos that are going to have the whole thing The introduction
and the follow-up, because the routine itself sucks shit.
Although, as I found out, just moments ago, I came in seventh place.
Dr. Dick, I should say Dr. Dick came in seventh place.
Which means, if one of the top six flakes, I'm going to Power Station and I have to do a freestyle.
But, we'll find out what your song is somehow.
And of course, you may not want the improv because this is an actual power station.
Well, it could be a Two-Face person saying, half-sky, half-dick.
Okay, half-spanky, half-dick.
Okay.
So, anyway.
Alright.
Ooh, the buzz went away for a minute.
And it came back.
Alright.
Every time we say, ooh, the buzz went away, it comes back.
Alright.
By the way, March Madness was not the only big tournament that happened.
I know it's the one we've only been talking about.
I've heard.
Second place, Dancing Jedi.
He's like the Tigger up there, you know, he wins a tournament.
Oh, surprise!
So that's why, oh, if he comes to B3, which I hear he is, it's going to be a great showdown.
Oh, yes!
That's going to be beautiful.
Yes.
I'll let Yasuo and Take come.
Oh, I'll wet my pants.
Alright, third was Unblinking Eye, so congratulations to Top3 in Tech there.
Oni, first place was Dancing Jedi, second place was GPF Lith, and third place was Cynic.
Good job, you guys.
Challenge.
Now, this is cool.
I am surprised that the Challenge competition has never been ripped off here in NorCal.
Just wait.
Maybe we'll rip that off at the next SAC tournament.
If you remember Challenge from 4th Mix and Extra Mix, they do a competition that's all about that.
Like, how many goods can you get on this song?
Or how many perfects can you get not looking at it or whatever?
Like, all this crazy stuff they do.
Oh, yeah.
And it's interesting.
But this is interesting because the Seattle tournaments, they're all PA.
There's no freestyle because I guess they can't freestyle or whatever.
I don't know.
You never know.
They're going to prove us wrong at B3, I bet you anything.
They're going to all put their heads together and just give this kick-ass freestyle.
They'll just put everything else to shame.
You got people around the U.S.
freestyling hella good.
They get from Omaha, they get from New York.
Hell, it actually can happen.
First place in challenge was Krakoon, second place was Dancing Jedi, and third place was Cynic.
Good job, you guys.
All right, so that was the DDR Magic Tournament.
And I guess there was a tournament in Florida, and Tigger won a machine.
Yes, he did.
Nobody was paying attention to that tournament, so they don't get a shout-out.
Tigger wasn't there.
If somebody can give me information on who plays that tournament, I'll gladly read their names.
Okay, get to the Q&A.
Chatroom's demanding we get to the Q&A.
Fine.
Booster questions, please.
We start with Rice Princess.
Rice Princess wants to know, what is DJ Taka's real name?
I don't know.
She says she found out already, but we're challenging ourselves now.
Oh, Rice Princess has it, but let's see if Loki can find it.
Now it's a game.
Are we as smart as the chatroom?
I have the answer.
Should I just... Oh, Dark Tetsuya, you know...
Takeyuki Ishikawa.
Beautiful.
That's it.
That's what Rice Princess has.
Takeyuki Ishikawa.
Beautiful.
Angel says hi to Rice Princess, too.
Actually, say it, right?
Because Ishikawa is his last name.
Bye, Joe.
Thanks for coming.
I'm out.
Any final thoughts?
I need a day.
All right.
Thank you.
But I bet you didn't know that V was co-opted by DJ Taka and Antonio Vivaldi.
No, I kid you not, it's in the case notes.
Seeing as you know Vivaldi is the classic piece that is based off of him.
Vivaldi's, Vivaldi's winter?
Hello.
Alright, alright, alright, alright, here we go.
Uh...
I slept with Mr. Brian once.
Okay, here we go.
Shh.
Alright.
Rice Princess says, What is that white slab in my can of beans?
Pork.
Pork.
Fat.
The other white guy.
I'm sorry, Zero?
It's pictures.
It was the other white guy who played Let It Be.
Yeah.
Because he's influenced by Dark Sakura.
Yes, because we're his friends.
That's why he rules so much.
That's the answer.
He rules so much because we're his friends.
All right.
SnubDisanoid says, Why, in the name of God, did I have to get two greats on Never Let You Down?
Because you suck.
I'm kidding.
you got two greats, I'll never let you down because you weren't concentrating and next time your neck gets blown off because you had to pee and you can't pee when you have to pee alright, SnubDisanoid also wants to say to Angel
Did you get to ride the, and pardon my white pronunciation of this, Shinkansen, the bullet train?
Did you get to ride the bullet train?
No, but my father and my friend did on the way over to where we were.
That's cool.
Did you get to see it?
Did you get to hear them honk the horn?
Uh, no.
We have little trains over there.
They got to see, like, Hiroshima and, you know...
All the little sites while they're coming down.
Except it took them like 10 hours to get to where we were.
Oh, and SnubDisanoid says, you know what?
Hey Jamie, you know what?
SnubDisanoid, he did have to pee.
Amazing.
Miss Cleo, live in the house.
Alright.
Justin would like to say, how many people would like these songs in full version?
And then he lists all these fucking songs I'm not going to read, but there's a lot of Judy Crystal.
I'll be on tonight.
And Rose, Judy and Priscilla, Maria Short.
I'll be on tonight.
Just, yeah, of course we want them, you fool.
Send them.
Ah, Rice Princess has another great question.
Haven't any of you seen Ren and Stimpy?
There must have been a reference I missed.
It's all about the brand new episodes on TNN.
Yes, that's right.
They bought the rights for it and they're making new episodes.
This is amazing.
For the first time in my life, I watched SpongeBob SquarePants.
Never seen it, never will.
It's pretty fucking funny.
I think you're missing out.
It's pretty funny.
I was impressed.
Eat me.
Alright.
You have got me watching Invader Zim now.
Oh.
Well, I've been downloading them.
Rise Princess says the correct answer to the bean question was, it's the queen bean and the rest are worker beans.
I remember that.
Okay, that's it.
I'm curious.
Questions for the two of us, please.
Oh, I'm sorry, what?
I don't know.
Next question.
I'm curious about what they would like to ask us.
Well, here we go.
I'm moving on.
I'm moving on with more questions.
Cool.
EOSFVB, do you carry a pen with you everywhere?
No, I don't.
I do.
I don't need to.
I always borrow my pen from Jamie.
My pen is also a glow stick.
Oh, dear.
I carry the penis mightier.
Because the penis mightier.
Do you carry a pot lid too?
I carry a fan I like to be the first on the show to say that I outright boycott any more Battle Royale references in the show
If you have any questions about Battle Royale, ask the dictionaries.
Jamie and I.
VidPowa, second question from VidPowa.
I'm so confused.
What exactly is this Bomani Battle Royale that you keep talking about?
Battle Royale is a movie.
Go to BattleRoyaleOnline.com and it's the best movie ever.
And imagine a bunch of us just flipping around the living room throwing paper plates at each other, stabbing each other with candles in the eye.
I can break this down very easily.
What happens when a bunch of six-year-olds watch the Power Rangers?
What happens after that?
They all pretend that they are Power Rangers and they pretend, you know, I'm the red one, I'm the pink one and they beat each other up, you know, pretend and then they pretend that they're transforming and stuff like that.
Shut up, Dave.
Anyway, that's what happened.
We watched Battle Royale, and then suddenly a bunch of six-year-olds were running around my living room playing Battle Royale, cutting each other with paper plates, strangling each other with tape.
It was beautiful.
And that was the Bomani Battle Royale.
And that's when I got knee-dropped into Rob's coffee table by zero.
Nothing will, uh... Actually, I pushed her and she just kind of fell, but... I didn't knee drop her, she knee dropped herself.
I think the greatest fuck up all day was Loki doing a caution drop on Max, too.
For one, that wasn't a caution drop, and number two, I had actually put the freeze there for that purpose, but the problem is, is pulling the freeze on the back of your hands when you do, like, a drop like that, you can't hold it down because there's not enough weight.
You can't get your, like, torso up high enough so that all your weight's on your hands.
I should have done knee drop!
But yeah, I couldn't get back up because I'm fat.
I want to see someone hold two freeze arrows on the diagonals with each of their ass cheeks.
Just have like one on the left and one on the right and be able to hold it.
As Rob looks at me and his eyebrow twitches.
Alright, let's move on.
Uh, SnubDistinoid says, Does anyone in the studio have a Game Boy Advance SP?
I got one and safe to say it rocks my cocks.
First of all, those things hurt my hand.
And I have an afterburner in my GBA, so I own you.
I want an afterburner in my GBA.
I don't need a Game Boy SP if I get an afterburner.
Does anybody have one?
No.
Question.
He has more than one?
I read it wrong, but cock doesn't rhyme with rocks.
So I had to say cocks.
It's just natural.
Okay, uh, one of our chatroom frequenters, if you ever run into him, his name is BigRedPimp.
Um, he does have an SP, so if you want, like, you know, info on it, just ask him.
No, see?
See, wait, wait, hold on.
Let me just say, court, hold on.
There's a person in here whose fianc works for GameStop, hello.
No, okay.
My bad, Jamie.
God, let me talk.
My bad, Jamie.
No, um, hold on.
Let me speak.
Zero.
Go ahead.
And let me just say that Corey probably bought one, and he probably got two others just from getting them.
Okay, the SP is, like, the worst idea ever.
I mean, it's cool that it's compact, but it does hurt your hands, and if you have big hands, that's just gonna hurt you, too.
And it just looks kinda cool, but stupid at the same time.
The shoulder buttons are in the most retarded... I know, they're like in the crease of the screen.
That sucks.
That's going on my video game review.
Oh yeah, check it out.
I know how small the GBA is.
The GBA SP.
But it looks like you can play with one hand.
I've tried playing with one hand on the GBA SP.
It's like squeezing a boob.
You look like you're squeezing a boob.
Or rocking your own cocks.
Hey, I'm good at it.
The only game that does not work on SP is Kirby's Tilt and Tumble, because you have to rock the Game Boy.
And of course, it's like up equals down, left equals right if you play the game.
You know, because you know how you put the cartridge in.
Indeed.
Just do yourself a favor.
Get a used GBA and get an afterburner.
Dude, these people that are buying these SPs are the same people that bought the Game Boy, then the Game Boy Pocket, then the Game Boy Color, then the Game Boy Advance, and now the SP.
You stupid bastards, do you realize they just milked five systems out of you?
Ha ha, I laugh at you, ass.
I've only bought the Game Boy, and now I'm going to buy the SP.
SP customers are the ones who bought Virtual Boys and enjoyed them.
Hey, I bought a Virtual Boy and enjoyed it, and I don't have an SP.
We got a Virtual Boy when Hollywood was clearing them out, so we had the nice plastic case, but that makes me headache.
But no, actually, to be perfectly honest, when the Game Boy Pocket came out, it was a massive improvement over the regular Game Boy because it was clearer.
But I love my Game Boy Color, and I still use it for one thing, DDRGB2.
No, the ones you bought SPs are probably the same ones you bought gamecoms.
Anyway.
Okay, I got a gamecom for five bucks when Toys R Us was clearing the map.
Moving on.
I own 42 video game systems, so... Okay.
Justin...
Justin Circuit is asking us a bunch of questions here.
Okay, here we go.
So we're just going to get a show of hands, okay?
Okay, here we go.
He's asking us a variety of questions here, so let's get a show of hands.
Justin Circuit would like to know, how many people like Jenny Rom?
Four and a half.
Okay, four and a half.
How many people like Judy Crystal?
Zero.
One.
A pinky.
Judy Crystal got a pinky.
How many people like Propel?
One, two, three, four, five, six.
Wait, one, two, three.
I actually counted two hands.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven.
All but two.
Okay.
How many people like Ramune?
Ramune.
Four.
Five.
I brought back 15 Ramune balls.
I thought it was ramen.
I said balls.
Help me, Rob.
I wasn't trying to.
Sorry.
Okay.
A special question for Angel.
This comes from Shadow.
Shadow, I hate you!
No, no, no, okay, ask the question.
Do you mind if Jen and I come visit for a while?
Why'd you have to ask that on air?
Can we just deal with that somewhere else, please?
And what kinds of things will be on the agenda?
No comment!
Okay.
I am now going to end the fucking music.
Oh, I missed, JB, Justin, I missed your last line.
Whatever the last thing is you sent.
You asked another question.
I accidentally exit it out.
I need to resend it.
Okay.
Since we're out of questions, does anybody in the room have a question for somebody else?
Yes.
Yes, Dave.
I have a question for Rob.
Great.
Have you ever AAA'd a heavy song?
Have I ever AAA'd a heavy song?
Just this week, I AAA'd La Copa De Vida, which is my first AAA heavy.
Awesome.
On Extreme, I should say, because I did a few on 4th Mix back then.
Oh, really?
Oh, that's cool.
I have, on the 4th Mix, Superstar.
Awesome.
That was like when I played Superstar every game I ever played.
I remember that.
But I have a question.
Charim, which of us do you think would win a Battle Royale?
Dave.
Dave.
Dave.
Okay, wait.
Okay.
I actually have... Okay.
I actually got a bunch of questions just now, so I'm going to go through those.
Anita?
Oh, yeah.
Okay, hold on.
Let's let Anita ask her question while I check email.
It's not so much a question.
I have an accomplishment I want to announce.
I passed my first 2DX song with a full combo.
Yay!
It was... It was a beauty of silence.
No, wait.
I forget what song it was.
It was...
No, it was Beauty of Silence or... I think it was... I can't remember.
But it was a full combo.
Yay, I have one too.
I passed three other 2DX songs today.
Yay, gotta start somewhere.
Full combo too.
Chat room says, Dave, because he's insane, just look at him for the Battle Royale.
I think I'd kick his ass.
Shadow would like to clarify, Shadow would like to clarify, I haven't a clue, but you're not around.
Alright, Snub would like to say, on sakbamani.com, who is deleted member and what happened?
Oh god, you had to bring this up.
Okay, our hosts suck a big ball of shit.
What happened is that some of our files started getting either deleted or zeroed out, which means all the content in them was deleted.
So threads are gone, members are gone, there's no rational explanation for it.
It's just, there are servers deciding to fuck with our files.
What?
You know, I thought it was a quota thing, but it's not because it's still letting me upload new files.
It's the wild monkey they have controlling the server there.
Don't ever use $1hosting.com.
They suck big balls.
But the press said yes!
Moving on.
We're working on a backup plan.
No, Jason's not here, unfortunately.
In the meantime... We're working on a backup plan as we speak.
I'm going to make forums.
I don't know how, but I will.
Okay.
Another show of hands for Justin, please.
Another show of hands.
Here we go.
How many people like Cup of Child?
Cup of Child, anybody?
Three?
Four.
Okay, four.
Okay.
And for the... Okay.
Okay.
Last question, gang.
Last question.
This is a good one.
We can go around the room and ask everyone this.
This one comes from VidPower.
And VidPower would like to know from everybody, and everybody's experienced enough with this game now, what is your favorite 2DX video?
Let's go around.
Let's go around.
Starting with Jamie, or do you want to go last?
Jamie.
Jamie's last.
Magus.
What else?
Stoic.
I was going to say the same thing.
Stoic.
Okay, um, WowWow70 is because where else does, like, Broccoli have an afro along with Skyscrapers and all this other cool stuff that sends out afro raids and AAAs the world with afros.
It's just cool.
Go afro.
Um, I'll have to say, I like Bad Routine, that's pretty good.
Yeah, better team than the guy dancing, or dancers pretty good.
But, if you want to go with eye candy, you can't beat Last Message, because there's giant breasts.
Oh, yeah.
Rob licked boobs today.
No, um, okay, I would probably say my favorite one is, and people will laugh at me about this, but, um, the Calcutta video.
Because Dr. Bombay is my hero, and he owns you, and second best is SOS, but if you get SOS, you have to get the full video on Kazaa.
This is probably really generic and everybody's favorite, but I'd have to say Alien World because it's got the cool little alien puppet doll thing.
Alien World gave me nightmares the first time I saw it.
I had a dream of weird alien people coming to kill me.
I'm done.
Alright, Angel made a decision, finally.
I chose V because, well, yeah, it turns into that one too.
I can't believe I didn't think about this.
The best one has to be, one of the best ones has to be Gradius Cyber.
I have a couple.
One of them is definitely Sweet Lab, because it's so cute.
But my overall favorite one, actually I really like Burning Heat, because it's also Gradius 2, which is one of my favorite shooter games ever.
I say Cheer Train.
I love the little thingies walking around with the little sign that says, WIN!
The peeps!
Why am I outnumbered?
Jelly Kiss.
Whatever.
My favorite... I have a serious favorite and a fun favorite.
Well, I have a couple serious favorites.
Okay, my favorite video is Reincarnation.
Yes.
Good, good, good.
Dancer.
Good, good, good.
And then my favorite 2DX video of all time, and a lot of people forget about this one, but it honestly is the most kick-ass 2DX video they ever did, because they cut it after a couple styles were just sad.
Sometime.
Never saw it.
Sometime is the best 2DX video.
No, Root80s.
Root80s is like the best one ever.
Alright.
No, the best one is Nothing Ain't Stoppin' Us.
Funky Bingo Paradise.
Because you can't beat the Boogie Dancers.
The freakin' Funky Bingo Paradise.
Wait, wait, wait, I gotta add another one just because it's all about us.
It's all about Love is Orange.
Love is Orange.
Oh, come on.
I know, it's a good one, it's a good one.
Alright.
Alright, so now you've gotten like every decent 2DX video has just been named.
Alright, we need to... Hey, guess what, kids?
Guess what, kids?
Hey, it's that time.
Guess what, kids?
I'm a broken record.
I'm a broken record.
Okay.
It's time for the final thoughts.
The show is over, and I've got to get the fuck out of here, right?
It's 9.30, so let's go around and get final thoughts.
You want to go around the room again?
Start with Magus?
Alright, start with Magus.
Final thought, please.
Angel?
Alright, Dave?
Xenon sucks.
I'm not a tool.
and I will hopefully be able to go to V3 and do awesome in Power Station.
Um, since I didn't get to do a sim update, thanks.
Oh, sorry.
Oh, hurry up, make it quick.
Okay.
Uh, new CBS update for Step Maniacs that came out on the 27th.
That's pretty good.
Um, then there's also my site.
Since my site right now is up and has all the DDRX stream and everything, pretty much every single official sim file out there, I have.
And DDRUK is down right now, and same with MamaniCell is down.
So, um, my server's the only place you can get them.
Too bad I haven't updated my pages to tell you how to get it.
Anyway, so there's that.
Check out Bomani Sims because there's tons of Sims on there that people make.
A lot of them suck.
A lot of them suck.
And then let's see what else.
And that's it.
And yeah, I'm done.
I'm going to finish my set tonight.
Um, basically, mine is, yeah, stop making Max remixes.
I'm sick and tired of fucking hearing them.
And they are all shitty.
Except for Loki's.
Except for Loki's and, um, Resurrection.
Um, and, um, let's see what else.
Oh yeah, also, I may suck at freestyling, but how far did the judges get in PA?
And, um, yeah, basically that's it.
Also, next week, I will have a video game review prepared with the help of Dark Child, who will also be helping me out with that.
I'm done.
This is the girl that has no voice.
Oh, I barely have a voice.
I don't know what to say except Ramun is the best drink in the world.
That's about it.
Yay!
Everybody have fun.
Hi to all my friends out there.
Everybody who knows... What?
I guess I have no friends.
Okay, I'm done.
Random quote, random quote.
I'll be making a DWF file that's going to be in the next tournament whenever it comes out.
Oh well.
And DDR Freak needs to stop having those bug viruses that... Because you know the... Because you know the Sacramento Marshmallow is a threat?
Sometimes his pages are off.
And I know I'm two hours late, but F you to really bad April Fool's pranks.
There's a lot of people that tried stupid pranks, and you can see right through them, and we call them on it, and we ruin their fun.
Okay, I don't know how so many people fell for mine.
I said I was moving to Seattle.
There's some things you don't joke about.
Because there's some things you just don't joke about.
That's not right.
I've never had ableful jokes that I was able to pull off.
My final thought is... Why don't you give me a sign?
Never mind.
Angel?
I didn't have my final thought.
Jamie?
My final thought is... I want ice cream.
The system.
The system.
Sack Me Monty Rules and I want to do this again and again and again.
I'll shut up.
No, seriously, I want ice cream.
For my birthday, give me the Battle Royale novel.
April 19th.
I know I won't tell you how old I will be.
Die.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by DarkSakura, Sky, and Loki.
If you'd like to leave us a comment, send us an email at orangeloungeradio at yahoo.com.
And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
Thanks for watching!
Aerodactyl, Stilma, Choke, Meryl, Maltese, and Slowpoke Articuno, Ditto, Monk, Flare, Beyond, and Old Sly Duck Poisoner, King, Lorch, Elder, Gloom Snorlax, and a Quirkspawn, Bloom, Docktoast, and Tormelion Everybody, Pokemon!
And try not to step on little Pikachu, you better grab yourself a partner Like an Acroor Bulbasaur, Bulbasaur, hold on a minute There's still at least 127 more, including Ladybug and All the Stars Jigsaw, Lossom, and Magmar, Geodude and Arcanine Jigglypuff and Mr. Mime, don't forget about Sunslash, Exeggcute and Rapidash
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
