Message for you, son!
Do you want to hear the most annoying fan in the world?
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio, the Monty Togg and Ben sub.
Orange Lounge may contain adult content. Orange Lounge may contain many four letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain hot monkey sex.
Just kidding, Orange Lounge will not contain hot monkey sex.
In this episode...
Hey, are there any balls down there?
That's the biggest berry you've ever seen, Dingleberry.
What's your favorite scary movie?
Showgirls. Absolutely frightening.
What's yours?
There are no stupid questions, just stupid people.
Don't torture yourself. That's my job.
Now's the time on Sprockets and me dogs!
I'll get you, my pretty, and your little dog, too!
I know kung fu.
I'm sorry, but all questions must be submitted in writing.
Why did they have to take the word gay?
No! What I expect from a funny situation is Hindu.
Hey!
Dark sapphire.
Shut up! Where's my gun? This is my boom stick.
Skye. Come on girls, it's time to drop the bomb. Loki. I can't for the life of me get the hooker to have sex with me.
What kind of what human being would find that funny? Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live and this is episode number 41 for April the 20th of 2003.
You're tuned into the Bimani scene's most egg-citing radio station of all things, Biiiiimani!
That was bad.
I came up with that joke all by myself.
Hand.
Ow.
Did everyone hear that? Here, I'll do it louder.
Ow! Mommy.
Joining me as always are my awesome co-hosts in this corner of the happy and most dominating bunny on the farm, Miss Jamie Summers.
I have Battle Royale manga. Everybody must die.
You know her better as Dark Sakura, the battle roy, Alhorn.
In that corner, say hello to our tech master, Loki!
Hey everyone.
Guess what, kids? It's just us tonight.
Yay!
Feelers of love, going back to our roots.
Yay!
Actually, that's not totally true.
Intern Zero is going to be by a little later, hopefully.
And some other pals, too. I don't know who's all coming.
But for the start of the show, it's just us.
Yay!
So, we'll be talking to everybody when they get here more a little bit later. We've got a little bit of the money.
Dude, we talked about that last week.
We have some things.
That guy rocks, man. He rocks even more in frickin' manga.
We're gonna start off with some 2DX music. We'll be back. Enjoy.
Sometimes I am singing meaningful lines Sometimes I have to go to work, I have to leave
Oh, I feel the pressure on my mind
So I knew it might be right
But I can't wait for my memories
For this life
I go, I need it
I want to be around
I keep it, I touch it
I give you all my life
My life, my glory
I give you all my life
All I want is to be free till the end
You're my baby, you're my making love with you
I will stay
with you, with you
I love you and love
with me too, with me too
One day, one day, two days, one day
With the sun a cold moon in the dark
I'll fly, fly, yeah, I'll stay
Every day, I'll fly, yeah, I'll stay
Fade to black
Love you
Yeah, me too
Yeah, me too
Oh, you and me
Well, I do
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Oh
Bing pong balls!
I think that's my favorite sound effect that Jamie ever did.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio episode number forty one, April the
twentieth of two thousand three.
Happy Easter to all you kids out there listening and if you aren't down with
Easter, then happy Sunday to you.
I totally forgot that was Easter, that's why the arcade was empty. You didn't do anything today?
No. I didn't really...
I went over to my parents' house and had a little ham, and that was it.
We had a ham a week ago.
So I just ate food.
Just ate food.
A late happy birthday wish to Jamie.
She was one year older as of yesterday.
Happy birthday wishes to you, because your
birthday was yesterday.
And how did you celebrate?
I killed people.
Went to the auction, and I got legendary acts for the
TurboGrafx.
Cool. I didn't know they made that for TurboGrafx.
Yep.
Neat.
And I got, um, uh, what was it?
Some game for the Atari adapter for the Colecovision.
I don't remember what it was.
Centipede.
Oh, cool.
Turns out I already had it.
This lovely bit of, um, literature that you gave me.
Ah, yes, my present, which are always the best.
Which I'm busy trying to remember.
It sucks because I'm so out of practice on my hiragana that I'm having problems reading some of these names.
I haven't gotten you anything yet because I had to buy my mom something her birthday is tomorrow.
That's fine.
No priorities and all.
And you gave me a gift certificate round.
Mm-hmm.
So I can go buy my Battle Royale novel in stock.
So you can indulge more in that Battle Royale-ness.
That big inside joke that just won't die.
It's beyond an inside joke at this point.
It's a lifestyle for some really cool card from Brad and Irene that has it's like one of my favorite
One of my favorite far-side ones is the many expressions of the Irish Center which are all the same
I've got money from grandma
which I put in the bank to pay bills because I'm currently not working and
I got lunch
Jessica and she bought me a clip-on desk lamp so that I can like not go blind when I draw very cool
You can maybe double and use it with your gameboy too if you wanted
Burner I got lots of ice cream. Oh ice creams always good. Did you have cake and ice cream?
No, no, cake. I'd brownie in my ice cream.
Well, that's close enough to cake. Cake pie!
Cake pie!
I want, I want ice cream.
Julie got me a boba.
We can go get, let's get ice cream after tonight's show.
Okay.
I want ice cream too.
Are you gonna get me ice cream?
I guess I can.
Woohoo! Cause I'm broke.
Spoiler enough. That's alright.
I gotta get more ice cream.
I'm only looking for cake pie ice cream though.
We should take, we should get some cake batter ice cream and some like pumpkin pie ice cream and mix them together.
and mix them together. Voila! Cake pie ice cream!
They don't have pumpkin pie ice cream.
They don't have pumpkin pie ice cream?
You know what my favorite is now? Is getting the cake batter ice cream.
They have pumpkin ice cream, it's good enough, it's just like, you know the frickin jelly bellies,
you know, you mix them together and you create some.
You get some peanut butter flavored ice cream with some like strawberry flavored ice cream. Bam!
Rob, you need to try the one I made for you.
I made Dan. Dan said surprise him.
Um, that's dangerous with me and Coldstone.
Yes.
I took cake batter ice cream, peanut butter cups, and caramel-
Oh, I'm so fuckin' hungry!
My favorite now is the cake batter ice cream with brownie and coconut.
Mmm.
I used to get cheesecake with graham cracker and cherries.
This is like Iron Chef where the secret ingredient is Coldstone.
Um, by the way-
Yes?
Um, do you wanna see a really painful way to die?
Okay, cuz this'll be great radio.
Isn't this a great picture of...
That's... Oh my god, he looks like Nine in that pic- or are you talking about the other one?
Oh, hello.
Okay, I'm gonna scan this.
He's sexy.
And send pictures of this to everybody here, because this is like the best manga ever.
It shows this guy here, I forgot which one he is, has this picture of him, of Mimura hugging the younger one to comfort him.
And then these bullets going through his face.
Aww.
And, like, it has the bullet time trail, like, in, um, what was that game?
On PC.
Uh, Dead to Rights?
No, no, no.
Where he'd go into bullet time and they'd dodge all the bullets, and...
Dead to Rights?
Max Payne.
Max Payne?
Max Payne.
Uh...
You know what I have to say about that?
He looks like Big Boy.
That's the Frodo!
That's who it looks like.
Frodo!
Oh my gosh!
That's the Frodo.
He does look like Frodo.
And look, when he falls on the ground, his head busts open and there's brains all over the place.
Ew!
And he got shot across his belly and his intestines start coming out, so he freakin' duct tapes them back in.
Aww, nasty. Are they ever going to make a battle royale video game? Why don't they?
They should.
Why don't they?
Because we suck.
They won't make a video game because we suck.
Damn right, because the stupid Americans get offended by everything.
Oh my god, it's red! Which is sinuous blood! Which is bad!
As he's bleeding to death, he wires a bomb.
This is so cool.
I don't know if I'm gonna regret buying that for Jamie. She might come up with too many ideas.
And then he tries to pull up Kiriyama. And Kiriyama, by the way, looks like the Uber-Bishonen.
Instead of either looking like the Japanese guy who's not.
If you hear of any large explosions in the Sacramento area, I've never met Jamie.
Never knew her.
So orders of business tonight.
As you may or may not know, tonight, ladies and gentlemen, is the last episode of Orange
Lounge Radio.
In this studio.
Just had to get him going for a minute, yes.
It's the last episode of Orange Lounge Radio in this studio, in this lovely little house
that I'm in right now, in Orange Lounge World Headquarters in Citrus Heights, to be specific.
It's the last one here because we're going to have Battle Royale here tomorrow.
We'll invite a bunch of people that I don't like and then I'll kill them.
They'll all die.
So, we had the chat room going for a minute, they're all, no!
I love lag.
Anyway, actually...
I fooled you!
Actually, what's happening next Saturday is the big move, and what's happening is I'm
moving out of the house I'm in right now, and I've got to give a big thank you on the
show, even though he's not listening right now to Brian, my current roommate, but he's
put up with a lot of crap on this show through the past 40 some odd episodes that we've done
here, and he basically lets me take over the house on Sunday nights, and so we appreciate
that.
Next week's show, however, since there's going to be so much going on between the move and
Jamie and I have another commitment we've got to take care of on Sunday night, next
week's show's going to be pre-taped.
Maybe.
Maybe?
Maybe.
What's your idea?
I'll have my computer set up, that's like priority number one, I can't live without
my computer.
So we might not have the internet in time, that's the only problem.
You don't have the computer set up, but there might not be an internet.
Why?
We had to call this week and get it set up.
I know, I know.
They might not come out till Monday or Tuesday, or if they're not open on the weekend.
I have dial-up.
I still have my internet.
We'll figure something out.
We'll figure something out.
But bare minimum, there'll be a tape show next week.
There'll be some kind of show, news show this Sunday.
And then after that...
Did you say a nude show?
A nude show, that would be interesting.
We'll get you a stripper.
My birthday's coming up.
We'll get you a stripper.
This is a big'un, because I'm 25 this year.
I can't believe I just gave my age over here, god.
Now I'm like, I've just placed myself in that over-20 DDR player.
I was very happy because the guy at Coldstone...
First of all, Julie made them sing to me.
I wanted to die.
Secondly, the guy behind the counter...
In all seriousness, because I look, to be sure, asked me if I was turning 18.
Did you get carded to an R-rated movie?
Hey, that's not funny.
That's not funny at all!
Stupid freaking dead man at Campus Chico Theater, you suck!
At least he didn't ask for a...
Hi, can I speak to your mommy?
No, you can't fucking talk to my mommy, motherfucker!
Why would the Cold Stone guy want to talk to your mommy?
No!
See, I don't mind when I'm looking face to face with someone and then...
Hey little girl, I bet your mommy's pretty hot!
What the hell? Why would he want to see your mommy?
No, I'm talking to everyone in telemarketing.
I know, I know.
Wait, wait.
I bet I told him to die, go to hell, and opt me off his mailing list.
That'd be like, you know, some guy going,
Hey, I bet your mom's pretty hot.
Well, she's dead. Oh, good, then she can't say no.
Oh, that's fucked up.
Low-key sound politically correct.
Statement of the night, thank you.
I screw political correctness.
It's an excuse. It's a crutch.
Back to the story of the moving in Orange Launch Radio. So in two weeks, we'll be coming to you from our brand new studio.
We'll be free-loading.
Our brand new studio. If there's a problem, though, maybe we can...
You can pay for my gas.
If there happens to be a problem, maybe we can convince Jamie to do a studio Jamie for a night, which would be fine.
Why? I'm going to be there, too.
I know, but if something happens and our Internet's not up by then, we might have to do that show right...at your house.
Oh, broadcast?
If something happens, yes.
Well, I guess no Xbox Live for Dan that night.
Well, we'll figure something out.
I'm pretty sure the internet will be up for us by then.
Oh darn, I was gonna leave it on PSO.
Bogged in, sitting there.
It's really funny to go on PSO and just stand there and have people talk to you.
Have you done that? Do you watch people talk to you?
People come up, what level? Dot, dot, dot.
Okay, dot, dot, dot.
You know what people do on PSO that I find hilarious?
Like, I went on PSO one night, and this guy was just running in a circle.
He just ran in a circle around the lobby.
He just kept running in a circle.
And then, like, people would try to talk to him, and he just kept running.
Like, he did that. I swear to God, I was sitting there for ten minutes and watched this guy just keep running in a circle.
And then, finally, some guy started running behind him.
And pretty soon, I got in on it, too, and then, like, six of us were all running in a giant circle.
It was like a big fucking PSO conga line. It was like the nerdiest thing I'd ever seen in my entire life.
Speaking of online games, and this only goes out to the smart people, which are basically all of our listeners are smart, because they're listening to us.
If you go to squareenixusa.com, you can sign up, you can register to beta test Final Fantasy XI for PC or PS2.
Uh, you're right.
A PS2? That's funny.
That's a hilarious joke. I signed up for the PC one.
Because you know what? When Final Fantasy XI came out, first of all, my first impression was, this is the biggest pile of suck there could be.
And then the other thing was, I want to play it. If I get Final Fantasy XI, I have to have a hard drive. Maybe I can convince Dan to work that into the villas, get a hard drive for my PC.
Square should just say, okay, you know, this game really sucked ass. Maxis, what can we do to make this game better?
Fucking... No, fucking, we need Sims mixed with, you know, Final Fantasy. It's awesome. Sims is addicting. People love it. You know, they love creating shit, making new skins and all that crap.
But just, you know, with Final Fantasy, you have a little bit of fighting, a little bit of this, a little bit of that. It sounds good. I don't know.
Final Fantasy X was good.
Damn it, they're remaking all these Final Fantasy games, so why don't they remake Final Fantasy VI and CG Lock for me?
That'd be cool. And Shadow.
On a really random note, this kind of relates to Final Fantasy X, I was watching the new Christina Aguilera video last night, there's a new one, but it's like, it's really dark. Like, she had one of Marilyn Manson's video directors direct it, and now she's a slut in a corset, right?
Yeah, but that has to explain it for me, because I'm TV-deprived.
Is that the one where she turns in, like, a moth?
She's like stuck to a wall and then all the butterflies attack her.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
All I could think of was like, wow, she really does kind of look like Riku.
I kind of have to see that if she dies. Did she die?
I don't think she died in the video, no.
But she gets attacked.
She gets attacked by, like, butterflies.
I might have to see that.
I don't really she doesn't really get attacked. It's supposed to be her coming out for cocoon
symbolic crack
She's going in her cocoon she's going in this assistant crack whore and coming out crack whore
No, she's going in as a crack whore. That means people pay for her. Uh-huh coming out as crack slut
No one wants to pay for her
You got to think of how many diseases you would catch.
That's where the full body condom comes into play.
Straight out of a freaking naked gun.
I see that Aggie Vera has cuties.
So yeah, Orange Lounge Radio is going to be a new studio in the new world headquarters
in Folsom, California with a scenic view of Folsom State Prison.
Coming to you in two weeks.
Well, you can't really see the prison, but we're right next to the dam so we can laugh
at them in case if the dam gets blown up and then they flood Sacramento, we can just go,
ha ha!
You're getting flooded, we're on the hill.
Ha, you suck!
Hey, if that happens, videotape it for me or just call me.
I'll come over.
Okay.
I'll be there watching.
And it'll be a great excuse to work the word damn into our show as many times.
Damn that damn!
We're actually right next to the damn road.
Right by the damn nursery.
Yeah, come over, we live right by the damn road.
My brother was little when I went to Arizona to visit my mom.
We went to Vegas.
My brother seriously would call it the Hoover Darn.
Because damn is a bad word.
Oh! Oh, gee!
Isn't that weird?
We're gonna have so much stuff wired in that, um, new market.
I have good news, by the way.
Yes?
I'm gonna say this right now because I brought up my brother.
I got word that my brother who was in the, with the supply group with the Marines
is coming back around June 21st.
Which, cause they're the first to go and last to leave, so that'll...
From where?
From Iraq. He's in Iraq now, thank you.
I don't know.
yeah he's a marine stupid i love him anyway no i always thought the marines were like this elite
fighting force yet you see keep hearing more and more and more and more and more of them
you know being made i i don't know are they just like because they're on the front they're the
front so they're they they're first operation getting first in first out i can't believe you
What's interesting is that one goes out and another goes in. Our friend, the other Jamie, we know, is going in. As one goes out, one goes in. Hope they don't make her do too many push-ups, but you know, does the body good.
uh...
i think that's actually from the military and i'm glad that
as horrible as it is
to be run over at thirteen and have your leg put back on
i'm glad that dam was run over and had his leg put back on because there's no possible way he could ever serve in the military
you know it's interesting and this has absolutely nothing to do with our show
but whatever who cares porn
yeah porn no
no this is not my dad not porn god
my dad was not able to go to the korean my dad's a little bit older than
probably a lot of your daddy's he was gonna go to the Korean War and they sent
him home because he has an extra vertebrae whoa I would think he'd be in
there it's like damn man if he gets hurt take one out he's normal it makes me
wonder though if I got that like I need to have somebody count I've never had a
doctor count like see if I have extra vertebrae have a certain amount I just
I thought they were just there.
Yeah.
Crazy, huh?
What?
Yeah.
Let's all count.
Actually...
Let me take my shirt off.
I recommend that you do this while you're driving.
It's just awesome.
Rob, keep your shirt on.
I've seen you in a corset.
So have I, unfortunately.
So have I.
That was...
Thank God it's a radio show, because I'm wearing it right now.
I was bored one day, and I was just like browsing the area, and I was like, you know, I'll read
I read live journals, read live journals, saw a link to the site, saw the pictures, I was like...
But actually, you know what's funny? My friend Sean thinks he knows you.
Because he used to do Rocky down at the Birdcage.
You think you know him?
And he thinks he knows you, too.
I never did Rocky.
Oh, you never did Rocky. Okay, he doesn't know you, then. He knows Jessica, maybe. I don't know.
We'll talk off air, because I bet our listeners really don't give a shit.
What do you mean? Who cares what they want? I did conventions!
I'm a cosplayer! Yay!
Okay. So? What was the point? What's the point? That means I'm gonna go around and kill people, because cosplayers eventually go psycho, because one little thing goes wrong, and they go around killing everyone! Not really.
I need a machete.
You need a machete? Why?
I'm starting customer service.
Oh, your job starts tomorrow, huh?
No, it starts next Monday.
Oh, good. We have another week of fuck-off shows on Orange Lounge Radio that go till five in the morning.
No, no. See, me staying up till five in the morning, and then waking up at seven a.m., going back to sleep, getting up at ten a.m., going back to sleep...
I can't do this business of staying up till eight in the morning. I was staying up till eight in the morning on average.
You know what, last night I went to bed and the sun was coming up and I was like, God, I haven't done this in a long time.
Rob, I went to bed when the sun was already high overhead, so I did something really stupid.
I stayed up all day and all night, and I was inspired to write lots of fun stuff too.
Really?
I didn't write a damn thing because every time I start typing, I'd be like, why did I just type in Russian?
That's the most entertaining thing to do is you start typing and you start writing something and you're really, really tired and then you go back and read it and you're like, what the hell?
No, when I'm sleep deprived, I make the funniest typos. It's great. I started keeping a log of my typos.
I have a breaking news announcement.
Violent Hyper Girl, you may know her from Fremont II, she was the one, if you've seen
pictures from the Fremont II tournament, she was whipping me.
She is coming to Davis for college, which means puppy has someone to play with so he
won't get so bored, and somebody to meet us for boba.
But guess what?
I am getting another breaking news.
There's a Tap X in Sacramento now.
Where?
Pocket Road in a shopping center.
Skyline, find the address and give it to us NOW.
As Dark Tetsuya said earlier, is this going to be one of those shows? It's always one of those shows.
All right, we can talk about Bomani news, and I'll make it quick. Oh
Well, no, let's take a break before we do the news we got to tease the body of you tease the nice tease
We're gonna talk about
I thought you were gonna go in the song. You know we need to be you know oh
When the students are like you know other people arrive we can do listless
Because we have a special one
Okay, we can tease this. I'm gonna play... I don't know the quality of this MP3, I just got it.
It's crap!
But you can... yeah, it's MP3. It's crap, though.
Okay, it's a crap one, but we'll try it. It's from Guitar Freaks. This is one of the Guitar Freaks.
Oh, this is pretty good quality.
Okay, good. This is the brand new B4U song from Guitar Freaks 9th of Drum Media 8th.
We'll see if it's any good or not. Chikara, I haven't heard this yet. Is it bad? We'll see.
We're gonna take a quick break.
B4U, what do you expect?
Okay, we'll be back after a quick break, and we're gonna talk about the Mani news, oh my God!
Okay, Jamie has a quick announcement.
person to say die kill kai gets kicked
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
And now something I want to hear, Suffer.
Run, Go, Run Man 22,
Go, Go, Go
Go, Go, Go
Now Go Go Go
Careful like this is the word
Don't risk your time
Don't never stop
Shouldn't know, God I'm strong Shouldn't know, God to the top
Como que hice a vez, que su patido que
Y en esquir pellar, como nuestellas
Con sigue todo, como nuestra compa de la mor
Para su brevir y nuestra por ella
Como nuestra por ella, we want it
See, we go, ale, ale, ale
Ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay
Ya, ya, ya, ya
Tutti, tutti, tutti
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha
Yari koi, yari koi, ojigori karata nara o
Yamanoda, are you a princess now?
Okay, we've been getting a lot of requests for this this week, so I'm going to play this
one more time.
Loki's mix for Slagwerk called the Dark Sakura will fuck you up mix.
And Loki, where can they download this?
Fuck if I know, I forgot to put it online.
Oops.
People have been asking me for it when I randomly go in chat room.
Yeah, if you beg Dark Sakura or myself, because I actually got a copy of it now in the chat
room from Jamie, thank you.
If you beg one of us for a copy, not during a show, not during a show because we're too
busy doing the show to send files, but if you beg us for one outside of show hours,
we will send you a copy of this lovely mix of Slagwerk by Loki.
And this fucking rocks. Nice job, Loki.
It's... it's... it's...
It's definitely worthy of the name Dark Sacral Will Fuck You Up.
It's the first good mix I've ever received.
Dark Sacral, what will you fuck up today?
What will I fuck up?
Awww! Jamie needs a hug!
I'll make your world up!
You're supposed to say the Easter Bunny.
I don't want to fuck the Easter Bunny!
Not!
I agree.
This is fucked up.
This is fucked up.
This is fucked up.
This is fucked up!
This is fucked up!
From the Step Squad to Orange Labs, this PDR sucks!
And all those other acronyms I don't understand.
Big hello to StepSquad.
Any of you folks listening?
Yes.
A big hello to all of you listening because we love the people that listen to Orange Launch
Radio and that means you.
If you would like to join in the fun, the big gangbang orgy in our chatroom, I mean,
well, it's a Mississippi orgy because nobody in there is wearing shoes right now.
Yes.
The law is no socks, no shoes, and people of multiple genders.
All three or four or five of them.
That's a Mississippi orgy.
That's a Mississippi orgy.
We had a Mississippi orgy at my house the other night.
And then we kill each other with paper plates and magic markers and candles.
If you want to join in the big Mississippi orgy that is our chatroom, head on over to
www.calibomani.com
That was so easy.
I hate to say it, but you do get to sing for that.
Bitch.
Love you too.
No, when I saw it for the first time, it was kind of close, actually.
For the first time today, I saw G4 TV.
Because my parents have it, believe it or not.
Did it suck?
It was interesting.
You know we have game pro TV on a no game pro TV was not on I watched a show I watched something called
That's sad that I know that
Man we've already gone over this
That's still laughing um I watched I watched a show called
called, um, Blister, I think it was, with this guy who thought he was funny, who wasn't.
And, um, what was the other show I watched? Something called Cheat. Yeah, it was Cheat.
That's what it was called. And it was just them giving a lot of...
Cheat is not dead!
That's where Homestar Runner's gonna sell out to, G4.
Just a glass! Just a glass, Dad!
This is the funny thing, though. They didn't get a, um...
your mic on yes i don't they're asking what you got a zing for my mic is on go back to the thingy
that's weird la la that's what you got a zing for nobody heard that
i guess you guys were listening okay fuck y'all not really let's let's re-enact hey jamie guess
Tell us what I saw for the first time today.
Pussy!
Sing!
You got me.
You bitch.
All right.
Speak up my ass.
Speak up my ass?
We're running through the fucking mixing board.
No one has to speak up.
You turn your damn speakers up, okay?
I don't want to speak up my ass.
Anyway, oh, doorbell.
G4, really quick, because I know we have news we want to get to.
It was interesting.
We do?
Our show would work on G4.
Because we don't suck.
I wouldn't say G4 sucks. They're just new. They're in their infancy.
We need the next channel, G5.
We need...
I want G69.
We need...
Irene!
Oh, Irene's here.
And how dare they name that channel after a really shitty Macintosh computer. That's what I want to know.
You know...
Is it just you, or is Brad with you?
Brad's coming later. He's still up at G4.
Oh, okay.
You know, I could talk about Max, but that's getting into my fuck you of the week involving Julie's computer.
Promises that we do Bomani news when we came in back to this break, so I'll hand it off to Loki because he always has something to say Bomani related.
Gee, horrible surprise! We found out that DDR USA, or Max USA stuff, like, um, you know, Overblast, Peace Out, and, uh, there's one more, I think Jam of Marmalade.
Marmalade. Guess what? Those are going to be Max 2. Oh, surprise! Didn't call that like
a few weeks ago. Retards using old stuff again, but whatever. That's cool. We're going to
hopefully see these in the next arcade version because I want to play Jam Marmalade on the
arcade. But yeah, that's what's coming. Basically, you get an update every Thursday or Friday,
I believe, on their Max 2 site. They update it every week. And supposedly, this coming
up week, will be new codes for DDR Extreme. Supposedly, it will be the last codes, but
Who really gives a shit?
Fucking roulette! Fucking roulette! I hate you roulette!
Well, I'll bit into that later.
Yes, it's not time for the fuck use of a roulette.
Jamming Marmalade? What?
I didn't read anything. Oh yeah, it's rumored to be on there, I think. Or no, wait.
Oh, more paranoia, yay!
Yeah.
paranoia survivors rumored to be an unlock on max 2
but guess what
guess what glacial is
glacial is was a character in killer instinct
no
it's uh...
uh...
it's a cover song it's a cover song that might be for you it's an english song
uh...
i can't remember what the song is
It's a B4U cover of A Song. I can't remember, I posted about it like a while ago, but it's just escaped my mind right now.
Oh, if we go to the Max 2 side, I can tell you, because it says on it.
That's a future listless topic and waiting. B4U, the song we'd like to see B4U ruin.
I'll tell you what I'm worried about in the Mani news is freaking 9th Style.
9th Style, it's funny you bring that up. There is some...
I want more tack, and I want more tack now.
There are some tracks that have been leaked to the internet.
However, they're of a crappy quality.
But I'm going to play some clips for you guys anyway.
The reason why these are crappy quality is this is literally some guy
with a tape recorder walking into a Japanese arcade
to tape these for you guys and distribute them over the internet.
And bimonistyle.com sent them out to everybody.
And now everybody's got these, I think, by now.
But we're going to play some just in case you don't have some.
We'll play little clips.
This first one is a song called Distress, which
Is Taka remixed by Tack? We're just going to play a little clip of it.
Is it Tack remixed by Tack? Well, either way, it's pretty much Outfazed.
It's Outfazed-y.
So, let's hear a little clip, because this is kind of bad quality. We apologize, but it's all we got right now, but you can get a feel for it.
you can hear it you can hear that guitar sound in it that's in every tax on like a
remix of like stoic mixed with like diamond jealousy and like Yamaoka I know
But that's why I'm saying what it sounds like.
My tack door went off.
Tack door.
I'm now, I have to clean up, excuse me.
OK, while she's cleaning up, let's play a little bit of
the Abyss remix.
This is Abyss, the Heavens mix.
And if you remember Ryu, who did Star Mine in fourth mix,
he's the guy who remixed this.
So we'll hear a little clip of this.
It doesn't sound a goddamn thing like the original.
Judging by the key presses, which I heard very loudly, that's either a five or six.
Could have been light seven, just to throw you, though.
In fact, if they're recording it, they probably did it in light seven.
seven me trying to play a seven star song okay this one i'm really excited about this
is the new ping pong song power dream and this song really kicks ass i'm looking forward
to hearing the better quality version of this
That just totally sounds like digital mind.
A little bit.
A little bit.
But it's got its own happy carnival...
If it's tack, it's not happy.
Virtual mind.
I'm sorry.
Yes.
There you go.
Okay.
Okay.
If it's tack, it's not happy.
Shit, what's that other one?
Mind Parasite.
I knew it had mind in it, god damn it.
Mind Parasite, it sounds just like Mind Parasite.
OK, you sure?
You sure this time?
Positive.
No, wait, it's, it's.
It's Mind Over Matter, I don't know.
I've lost my mind.
They're coming to take me away, ha ha.
Next one we were going to preview for you, the last one
we're going to preview for you, this is Prelude.
And this is one I'm excited about.
This is the new Naoki Underground song.
I'm excited about the other one.
What?
About the Mime Parasite.
No, well I am, I'm, whatever.
Let's just hear this one.
Oh, I remember! Hold on!
Yeah, stop for a sec.
Glacial.
It was going to be a cover by Ryukosuka of Hyperurby.
Oh, God.
That's what it is.
Now I remembered.
I actually like Hyperurby.
There's one song I'm less excited about.
All right.
The new System SF song, yay, okay.
Uh, here we go. This is a little clip of Prelude by Naoki on the Ground. This is my favorite so far, I think.
I was like, yay, it's another classical piece.
Yay, another classical piece.
Yeah, it's vanity angel all over again now. I'm going to preview for you prelude featuring Polteri
Rob yes, Rob. I'm sorry, but now you have to die give me that I
Have two microphones now. It's no no what that that should be is prelude featuring
If it was Prelude featuring someone farting, it would sound better than Polteri.
Anyway...
Prelude featuring my ass! Where's the burrito?
Prelude featuring my bunghole!
Another interesting bit of news here. I was given a tip, a lead, from a fellow in our chat room, goes by the name John Fields.
Project Majestic Mix. I have no idea who that is, but I think they're a band.
However, they have a newsletter, and this is what their newsletter says.
In light of our new dance album in the works, some of you may be interested to know that we have obtained permission and are working, planning to include our very own DDR PC Max CD-ROM game as part of the limited edition extra.
Your computer fell apart!
Rob, is your computer feeling really fresh?
You're laughing at the computer, not the story. My computer is just ghetto. Okay, let me finish. Can I finish? Can I finish?
And?
Majestic. Oh, they did remixes of Final Fantasy music.
Anyway, the whole graphics, sound effects, music, and announcer voices are planned to be 100% original.
We not only plan on including DDR versions of some of the new album music, but some remixes from our other album releases.
Gee, that sounds like step mania to me, ass. Freaking idiots.
Wait a minute. This could be officially Konami endorsed, though. That's the big deal about this.
Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Sure.
Wait a minute though, wait a minute though. Would somebody who's putting out like a bonafide real album be that risky?
It's gotta be blessed by Konami if they're gonna rip off a DDR interval.
I'll have you know that my next track will be in the next DDR Max 3 for the home version, yes.
It's a new track. In fact, it's all my music. They're giving me all the proceeds from that, yes.
Could you listen to this part again, Loki? We have obtained permission. Which would mean Konami, right?
It means we've obtained permission to remix their music, saying that we won't permission to slap you.
That's all it says.
That means look for a press kit, look for the press releases.
It means don't jack shit.
It means jack shit, exactly.
It means that they've obtained permission to remix the official songs that they made from the DDR home versions.
That's all it is.
Can I remix this song?
Sure, son, why not?
Yay! I get to read it!
I was just thinking if there was anything on their site.
Whatever, you know, fine. If it is, yay, you know, whatever. DDR PC sucks anyways.
Mr. Spanky!
Well, we shall see what happens. Oh, maybe it's DDR Ultra Mix.
Alright, Majestic Mix, if you're listening, surprise the pants off a Loki, because that would be funny.
Maybe it's DDR Meow Mix.
DDR Meow Mix?
Meow, meow, meow, meow.
Did you tell everyone about the Will and Grace episode?
No, that was the next bit I was going to mention about. Why don't you tell us about it, Irene, since you brought it up?
Oh, there was DDR and Will and Grace.
You saw DDR on TV? No way.
Yeah, it was so cool.
Why don't you describe it for those folks that may not watch Will and Grace, or any TV at all, like Jamie?
Will and Grace is gay. Yeah, it's about, you know, a fag and his...
No, not the show, the episode.
Well, it's Grace's birthday, and Jack and Karen take her out to an arcade, and there's a fifth mix, and they play it.
What song do they play?
Well, they don't play songs that are really in DDRX. Well, Jack plays Holiday, but not like the DDR version.
I thought someone played Abyss or something.
Well, it has the background to Abyss, which is funny. Holiday has Abyss's background, apparently.
Yeah, like on the screen, it says Abyss, and he's playing Holiday.
Like when she's going to play another game there was like puzzle fighter 2 or something like it was playing abyss in the background and
It played dynamite rave also while the kid was playing a little kid was playing dynamite rave
And then grace it was so funny to watch grace dance
You make it sound like my anti-TV stance is, like, total social deprivation.
It is.
Well...
Shut up and ask yourself the wrong!
My life is much more enriched through reading fanfiction!
I mean, books.
But is DDR in your fanfic episodes?
Ha!
They could be.
I could...
I will put DDR in my next story, how's that?
Fair enough.
Let's see who comes through the door now. Who's going to get it? Loki!
Oh, Brian's got it.
I have no idea who's coming through the door.
It's our Intern Zero.
Hello, do you have anybody with you?
Um, yeah. This is Jim.
Hi, Jim.
He's from Fremont.
Hi, Jim from Fremont.
Everyone can say hi.
And who else is here?
Anita.
Hi, Anita.
Johnny.
Hey, everybody.
And Jason.
What the hell? There's a party all of a sudden.
Yeah, we all fit in the clown car.
I'm sitting here going,
Gee, we've got like only the three of us here in house and then all of a sudden everybody's showing up.
Yeah, the clown car's showing up.
Hello.
Sup everyone, this is Jim. Nice to meet you all.
Do you play DDR at all?
I'm afraid to say no.
You'll fit right in. Alright, Anita.
Hi, DDRcaholic here. How is everybody?
Good, how's your DDR addiction?
Oh, well, I'm on step nine of the 12-step program. It's coming along. It's coming along fine.
Remember, Nyquil's the thirteenth step.
Nyquil is the thirteenth step, and I am almost ready with my case of Nyquil. I'm just waiting to open it.
And we have...
It's the child. God, I'm so fucking tired right now.
Well, how late did you stay up?
Uh...
Did you stay up to greet the Easter Bunny?
Easter Bunny?
Yeah.
I greeted the Easter Bunny all right.
Where's my damn candy?
Yeah, so anyway, DDR on Will and Grace.
Ha, that was funny.
On Will and Grace?
It was a vidmix, and it was showing singles on the screen, but they were playing doubles,
both of them.
Like, Jack was on the completely wrong side.
He was on the right side, and it was supposed to be on the left side of the screen.
I like it when idiots pretend to be cool on TV.
Who else is here? Oh, there's somebody in the hall!
Oh, this is Bombay.
I'm also tired.
Me too.
I got to beat your character up today in Soul Calibur.
Did you beat her hard?
I beat her long and hard.
With my lesbian character.
With the big titties. They're all lesbians.
This is the first time I played Soul Calibur 2 in a long, long time.
She's the dyke of the game. She's also the dominatrix.
But then suddenly I was, I was...
Shaggy is, she does whatever. She's good for anything.
And then Cassandra's the quick lay. She does everybody.
Conquest came up and suddenly I'm fighting D-child. I'm like...
Did you, did you fight F-Yo Mama?
Uh, I don't remember fighting F-Yo Mama.
That's it. You're going to find an achillic named Dark Sakura in there.
Okay, news flash.
Yeah, his special attribute is cheap bitch power.
News flash, we have the address to the new Tap-X from Skyline.
There's a Tap-X in Sacramento now, in South Sac.
Oh, bitches, my dad was going to make one and then they brought one here.
Yep.
Yeah, there's one in South Sac now, so we might go after the show.
Alright, I'd just like to say, coming from the Bay Area where there's real Boba and real Pearl Tea, Tapioca Express is gay.
It's all we got!
It's really not that bad, I mean, I've tried some of the, that Boba that we had at that one place in Fremont, was that real Boba?
Okay, their Boba is just as good.
What, like lollipop?
I don't know.
Which I must say that this car, while being in the movie, was stock, and it just had a
nice paint job, which was sort of getting shipped, and actually someone stole the exhaust
off of it.
They physically cut the exhaust off with a hacksaw, that was hilarious.
But yeah, it was really cool, and no one could tell, but I took my friend Andy, who's kind
of a fanatic about the whole thing, and he took pictures of him taking the car off of
the trailer and stuff, and then I took a picture inside the car. So I thought it'd be really
funny, because, you know, I was really bored that day, to post pictures online of me sitting
in the car telling people that I bought the car off of eBay. Because if anyone knows me,
I am just been buying shit off of eBay like crazy. So it's slightly believable. But then
again, yeah.
I first started getting suspicious when I saw it was parked on a sidewalk. But then
just to check on how much they were, it went on eBay. And those cars aren't at that price.
I saw a beamer that was like fully tricked out for under 30 grand and I mean beamers for under 30 grand. That's pretty good
Yeah, so anyways I had a couple people go in there for like a little bit
I was waiting for Rob because Rob I was thinking you know I see now
It was so much for afterthought, but um I was gonna say you know I should have posted yeah, Rob
I need the bar like five hundred dollars because I spent too much money on this, but instead no
No, I didn't do that, so that kind of thing.
Oh, you're so kind.
And he saw right through, because he knew me better. He knew that I'd buy a DDR machine before I'd buy a nice car, so...
Yeah.
I got you!
I try.
I'm fucking great.
Uh, okay, so...
Hmm.
Oh!
Any other mind news, you think?
Uh, Ultramix.
Is there new news on Ultramix?
Uh, no.
Well, thanks!
Bravo!
fair and limbo. Um, shit, um, not really anything else. Um, well there's some news, I guess.
Oh, what about Turnimix 4? Turnimix 4 has been announced. It's going to be on June 15th.
That's all. That's all I've got. This is the date. Just June 15th. And um, and uh, oh yeah,
we were still going to be doing a TV show DWI contest, but um, we got lazy and haven't
I haven't really planned for it yet, so look for a big announcement at B3.
Okay.
Yes.
Yes, look for that.
That'll give us plenty of time to get up off our ass and do something.
There's also, well, a couple things.
Bomani's style, they've opened up, well, they're going to be opening up.
I haven't gotten my email yet.
But opening up a Leech server for all those who contributed to them, which I did.
So I will get access to a Leech server with a bunch of cool shit on.
Ooh, you're special.
I know I am.
And then there's also, let's see, this guy Shuey, who I've been working with, he's starting a project called, was it the DWI History project or whatever, anyways, he has up to date every single sim file that's ever been made, pretty much.
Another question coming from the chatroom from Skyline, are we going to E3? Probably not. Unless someone gives us tickets really fast.
I've been asking that in, um...
I can get the time off work in Jiffy, but...
I've been asking that, but I don't know.
I don't know. I have tickets for The Matrix Reloaded that day, so it's a gimme.
I was like, I wanna see The Matrix.
I don't know. To be honest, I don't think I have the money to go to E3, but I would like to anyway.
I do. I wanna go.
Let's go hang out on the street corner in front of BE3 and see if we can't get in.
Okay!
We can film it and do wacky shit and disguise ourselves like stuff.
Hey, where's the wacky media?
We can pretend we're bombs and then the bomb fight people will pay us to beat each other up and I'll kick your ass.
And you know, someone with some kind of military-based first-person shooter is bound to be there.
We can just rob up like a booth babe.
I can be Riku.
With all the military games, just dress in camel and walk right in like you're part of the show.
Okay, we wanted to do a list list pretty soon here, but we need time to think about it.
Yeah, we need to do FUs of the Week still, and we need to do the Cage Match.
So, what first? Ffuse or cage match?
Ffuse.
Ffuse. Alright, fine. We're gonna go to a quick break, and we'll come back and do the Ffuse of the Week.
Okay, kids? So, you can send them over a private message to Muah, my name is Sky High, and I'm in the chat room.
Sky High!
Yes, Sky High. Very cute.
I made a bunny!
Yeah, I'm in the chat room and just send me your FUs of the week over private message and we'll get to those right when we come back.
In the meantime, here's that new special little Paranoia that's going to be in Max 2, or so they say, the Japanese home release coming out this week.
This is Paranoia Sur- and I have it on order too, with the VRare soundtrack. Yay!
Here's a cookie. Here's Paranoia Survivor, enjoy.
enjoy
I feel, I feel, I feel You are the only one, let me feel this way
I feel, I feel, I feel You are the only one that should be on the
Go on the other way, boy, let's leave it on the way
Orange Lounge Radio, we put your thing down, flip it and reverse it.
This server made up it's minding head number. This server made up it's minding head number.
I call you Squeenix because you suck.
Fuck you for not listening to me and for not listening to Michelle because we had this discussion earlier today.
Damn you for sucking so bad for not making Kingdom Hearts the way we want you to.
First of all, thank you for waiting until 2004 to release Kingdom Hearts 2.
Bitches.
Damn you, for not taking advantage of your other licensing.
And I can tell you this right now, that if you do not take advantage of the Enix Association, and go and bless the moon characters on Kingdom Hearts 2,
I will personally go to Tokyo in a tank, and run you all over.
I will put collars on your necks, and enact battle royale, and then whoever wins the battle royale,
I'll go, okay, you can go. We'll take the collar off and then I'll stick a knife in your head.
Gosh, Jamie, you're really mean.
No, no, no, no, no. Before I put the knife in their head, I'll shave their balls with a cheese grater and pour alcohol on it.
She's productive, okay?
I get results, yes.
That's right.
And then once I...
You'll feed them the flakes first.
and
not wasting one thing
and
first of all
i'm gonna give it a cool name
it'll be called
spike
It'll be called, um, Not Squee Mix, how's that?
And then, once I've taken it over, I'm gonna make my own freakin' RPG,
because I'm gonna take advantage of all those licenses, and because of the association with Sony,
Sony's got their fingers in everything, I'm gonna have the ultimate RPG.
I can think of one thing they don't have their fingers in.
I'm just sayin'!
And then, and then, and then, I'm going to make my own gaming system, because nothing that's out right now will be able to use it.
And then I'm going to take over Gravity and make Ragnarok Online cool.
I'm not making an Xbox.
...for them, you know, they're like, fuck you all, we're making it for our system, you can't have it unless you buy our expensive system.
All I heard Jamie say was I'm taking over Gravity.
Like, now she's taking out the force. Mother Nature, burn!
Yeah, fuck you Nature. I'm rewriting physics, dammit. I've got the mole diver power.
Anyway, my next budget of the week goes toward this troll who was on the road behind me.
There's more?
There's more.
This... and it gets... and it gets...
Again, I'm not a shallow person, usually.
This person made me think that Trogdor was gorgeous.
This person...
This person made Corky in the Wonder Years.
You mean, uh, Life Goes On?
Life Goes On.
Looked like a beauty queen.
I missed America.
And then this bitch...
What?
She decides to tailgate me, going from my apartment to Gero's, and then gets me out of the way and I'm like, yo, I'm gonna pass her?
So, I start going, when she's right behind me, I start going five miles an hour on Gero's.
She's these, I go 50.
I was like, bless you, car, for having some acceleration this time. Let's hear it for high oxygen gas.
my other fuck you of the week
goes toward not having money
until after i work some more
we wouldn't have fuck yous of the week if it was for me
it goes toward not having money so i couldn't go to the fact of the last three yesterday
for my birthday like i do every year except for last year because i went to alabama instead
however i did get lots of neat stuff
and ice cream
lots and lots of ice cream
there's more oh wait there's not anymore
fuck you phoenix
fuck you in your ear cause your ass ain't good enough
actually your ears not even good enough
fuck you in someone else's orifice
on that note low-key what do you have to say
first-line
perspective going to america
okay
let's just
all right america for leaving
lady carmen that wrapping bucket
yeah
but it's definitely a fucking go
okay you like to know if you think
you like
here's a bit but hold on stop the presses stop the brothers
This is the one thing I never, ever, ever, ever expected Loki to be ranting about. Ever!
This is great. This is a moment in Orange Lounge history.
Start your recorders.
Hey, you are recording this. I want a copy.
I want my AOL to start with,
Fuck you to American Idol!
in his voice.
The MP3 and the DWI come out later this week. Anyway, resume.
Alright, we'll do another game recording. Thank you for making me snort mine for pal
Fuck you American Idol. No, actually fuck you people that voted for Carmen
What the hell they just two weeks in fucking row you fucking vote off other good people leave her on there
What you think you're gonna get laid by or something? I'm sure it was just going off. They all agree with you
I knew y'all were in the American Idol closet
version of american idol go there and get out of american idol you're gonna lose any
way to fucking ruben ruben's gonna kick your ass i have a special message to michelle that
boy is mine you stay away all right resume all right and now another f you to fucking
roulette on ddr stream how do you mock me damn it giving me fucking crash and then sakura
after i played sakura
and we do
if you can't hear your god damn
you know what you know maxima moving down you don't want to go out and i'll
be able to get
uh...
i've got
uh...
i think we're going to do it
well and killing him
like a
no but seriously i hate that fucking machine and it sucks ass also nephew to the fuck
but i thought cutie chaser was your favorite song
oh it was my favorite song until i started getting crashed all the time
crash and i'm gonna get ya
i'm gonna get ya no sorry i don't like that song anymore either
it's like it gives me all the songs it doesn't still play
hmm let's see what songs suck let's give him back ok
but no um
So, uh, Nephew to the DDR Max 2 machine that was that scanned because your arrow's broken and, yeah, and they turned off, but I'm sorry.
Um, Nephew to the stupid drivers, stupid people, and...
I don't know.
Nephew is back and my turntables haven't gotten here yet because the stupid guy slacked off on sending them to make me suck.
And, um, yeah, that's it. I'm done for now.
i would just like to take this moment to read i'm looking at one that pays of our
chat room here we go to some random random lines here
uh... dude rob you can have to borrows
but i want clay but clay is humble quiet let the black wind dammit s t f u ruban
is cool but i think clay is gay anyway
we've turned into a channel pound american idol congratulations actually
okay
thank you loki
clay can't think that he can't perform account no does not have access yet
the week of it but they won't let you like carmen one more time ready
dot there's a year
as a
it's another thing about american title
but if you think that what you would say what time
i don't think fucking bomb your ass
because seriously
how many times you must you sell out about the stitches
and other activities super reality tv with the god damn mister personality
yeah let's get missus personality on their monica lewinsky yes he doesn't
touch people before she goes down on them
fuckin' lame bitch, and then they give her her own show! She's a nobody! She sucks some guy's dick!
She designs purses.
Oh, whoop-de-doo! She designs purses! Oh, I'm sorry!
Seriously, she sucks ass and shouldn't be on stage.
This is the sound of Monica Lewinsky sucking shit.
I mean, what's she gonna do?
Well, all the runners up get my special treatment. Yeah.
Okay, anyways, I'm done.
Alright, my turn.
That was beautiful.
It's my turn.
My F.U. of the Week.
That moves me to gastric movement.
Thank you.
My F.U. of the Week.
My F.U. of the Week goes to Madonna because Madonna, you bitch, that new video you have
for American life sucks my balls.
It is the worst, most unimaginative thing I've ever seen in my life.
original video was better way way better you know it wasn't the best video you've
done but it was way better than that piece of shit you put on vh1 you know
if you don't want to ruffle feathers with the whole anti-war thing even
though the video is an anti-war it's all like tongue-in-cheek anyway just spend
$50 at least to make a decent video I did college projects that were better
than that shit Madonna you suck but the album comes out Tuesday and I'm buying
it anyway all right my other a few of the week goes to muhaimer because he
says that kimberly lock sucks and i can't really lock is about us but you
set out
jimmy is not ok
right
only focus
on that one
you the picture for
that your brains are attached to, and your whole life depends on, and you have those social experiences, and you don't even see them, and you don't even have no idea what you're talking about. Next.
Don't you do that when you play, um, the fantasy card, playing that fantasy card, is that a talent passing or not?
First of all, I've gotten, um, maybe to, uh, the save point after you do the daibii thing.
Yes. No, you're not there.
Yeah, you were there. I got to the daibii card, and then I saved, and I haven't played since.
The computer does it, too.
Fuck Final Fantasy II International, by the way.
For being easy. Oh my god.
Let's move on to the rest of the room chatroom.
Or, the rest of the room FUs.
Zero!
Oh, that's really cool. I have, like, a Madonna FU, too.
Okay.
It's pretty sad. No, today, I was watching... television!
And, anyways, um, they were talking about how she's trying to make a, uh, uh, effort against...
Okay, fuck TV.
Anyways, yeah, like I was trying to say as she hops out of the room, she's trying to combat music piracy also, she had a bunch of people get online, and she has her actual voice, where you'll download the full length of the song, right?
But it'll just start off the first six seconds, the only thing it'll say, what the fuck do you think you're doing?
That was fucking great, actually.
It's funny, but it's like, you really think you're gonna do something.
You know, she's not the only one doing that, though. I tried to download the new JUUL single. Don't ask me why, I just was.
And it did the same thing.
Well, you see, if she wasn't going, what the fuck are you looking at? It just looped the chorus over and over.
And I've got no doubts on it that people are doing that, all the stuff.
Yeah, you know what? That's not going to stop anything. You can do whatever.
Good luck, RIAA. You suck. You're never going to fucking stop us from pirating your music.
I laugh at you wasting billions of dollars trying to try.
Go ahead! We'll just go out and find a way around that.
You go, boy.
Zero.
It's not very hard.
No, um, another one.
I gotta give an F key to my fucking computer.
No, fuck you to cable, having a cable modem.
I have to burn a fucking CD every goddamn day.
Because, like, first of all, my fucking computer is a piece of shit and has a small hard drive.
I fill it up with music, like, every day.
I don't have the money for a new fucking hard drive.
I don't have the money for that yet until I get a job.
Wait, I have a job. I start tomorrow. All right.
like I have to burn a CD I'm already out of fucking CDs because fucking music is
too damn good yeah and um fuck you too some stupid bitch yesterday I was like
walking over to the store this is the afternoon and some stupid bitch at the
fucking crosswalk she walks into me no fucking reason this is like I'm standing
there I push the button that's right cuz I was going to get a calling card to
my friend in another country and this fucking bitch crosses the street like i'm not standing
on the corner and she like just runs into me and knocks me into the fucking pole and i looked at
her and i looked at her and she like said what the fuck's your problem and i said nothing if
you know maybe you should slow down on the way to your little crack delivery and she's like
what the fuck i said shut up crack whore and i hella ran across the street because you freaked
me the fuck out because she started yelling I'll cut you
funny
what happened? I just explained the whole story
I was sitting there and a stupid credit card bitch came and ran into me and knocked me into the
bowl on the corner when I was walking up to get a calling card and she said
that I was a bitch and she said she was going to cut me because I called her a credit card
but anyways that's all my FUs because that was fucking stupid and fuck you I'm not having any more FUs
I don't have any more FUs.
should finish this before brad gets here you know yeah and like you know you're gonna like a band
for more than you know just what some chick wears you know some stupid chorus that are oh yeah that
too i like switzerland isn't switzerland a great country don't you like switzerland
shut up this is my fu okay yeah i think that's about it yeah but so fuck guys that do that
and if you do that to me again i'm gonna like coach you yeah okay anybody else uh i guess
Jim, did somebody have FUs for somebody else?
Okay, Zero, give the FUs for somebody else.
Okay, this is kind of like a battle FU between them.
But, like, Darkchild, first off, he says,
Fuck you to loud-ass bass at three o'clock in the morning as he's trying to sleep.
I guess apparently Bombay was playing his music a little bit too loud at three o'clock in the morning.
Kiss, kiss.
Yes, well, yeah, that's right, we need to get him some boxes, huh?
No, seriously, I'll come over and help this week and pack his stuff up for you.
Can we put it on the driveway?
Switchcone's a great place.
Wait, we can do the whole strong, bad thing.
Maybe we should put your stereo on the street and find more stuff you'd like to give to me.
I mean, the people.
I'll put it in the driveway back over it.
Except I don't want all that stuff to get in my wheels.
And views!
Okay, but anyways, yeah. Back to that, yeah.
He got pretty pissed off.
I was talking about taking someone's life up.
And he said that if he wasn't so tired, he would have got up and beat some ass.
I wish he was awake.
And then he says, fuck you to 80s... Hold on! Damn, fucking 80s, all of a sudden everyone fucks around and gets pissed off.
What?!
Fuck everyone. No, he says fuck you to 80s...
What you talking about, Zero?
Oh my God. Fuck you! I heard that shit.
No, um, he said, um, fuck you to 80s techno beats and shit because they're all repetitive and looping and he says they suck ass.
And then, and then the one from DDRchaholic, she decides to say fuck you to Darkchild because she thinks 80s techno is good.
Anita's a goddess, what can I say?
Yeah, but I kinda wish that, um, Darkchild was awake in the middle of the night, because that would've been funny to hear.
At 3.30 in the morning, he gets up and runs out to, like, kill somebody for techno. That'd be cool.
Rawr. Yeah, I'm done.
I just have one.
Speaking of the 80s, and that sort of reminding me of the conversation from earlier.
Fuck you to Captain N, the Game Master.
Holy shit, I downloaded a bunch of episodes.
That show sucks ass.
That show was the worst ever, because...
And skewed so many of my viewpoints in video game history.
Simon was a lot more, like, ballsier than it made him to be.
Mega high!
But yeah, fuck that show, I just had a memory of that show.
Anyway, I'm gonna fuck all of them.
Ah!
I'll keep that one.
Hi.
This is Jim.
Yes.
Uh, you can call me Geist if you want, it's, uh, my handle, I kind of pick up myself.
But I don't know. I'm kind of vague on my FUs, really. Can't think of many particular
things. But, shit. I don't know. FU, really, to, hey, you mentioned reality shows and shit
like that. And so, a fair amount of the people who actually watch that shit, who, you know,
seems to have no real purpose in their lives to spend hours on end in the days to watch
this shit all the time.
talking about asshole
i don't know if we can stand as a reality
this because it's not exactly reality
i mean i don't agree
the reality movie
that's too much
exactly
don't even go there
fucking
that's the dumbest fucking thing i've ever seen
god damn real world
die!
Dude, it went up into the yellow. That was cool. And your face is purple.
My ears are bleeding and your face is purple, Jim?
Oh, yeah. God, I've got a scatterbrain right now. I can't think of many FUs. This is my
Dark Side talking. You know, fuck you to the entire human race because, you know, you are
The plague that is eating this planet alive, like, hell, exactly, getting on a little Matrix
show, exactly what Agent Smith said, we are a virus, we are a parasite to this planet.
I mean, we're pretty much just going to do that shit to every other planet we meet up
in along the way, but, eh, yeah, that's it.
Alright, chat room FUs.
Fuck the chat room FUs.
DDR Angel, my first FU goes to those stupid people, companies, whatever, that send you those damn text messages to your phone wanting you to buy their shit.
I don't care, I don't need your crap, and stop wasting my monthly 200 text messages there for my friends and not you. Grr.
FU to my work schedule because I'm going to miss a lot of Orange Onch Radio this week. FU to that.
You know what, you can just get free text messaging like I have.
I would also recommend suing the companies that are sending that shit to you.
You can!
John Fields says, F you to people calling me a cult leader and trying to sue me for killing someone when that person is still alive and they know that person is alive.
Huh? That was scary.
F you to that person who caused it by faking their own death to get off the net.
Wow.
One more, F you to not being able to DDR more than one game because of not having enough energy even after a full night of sleep.
whole night of sleep. Wait, let me go back to this. Somebody faked their own death on
the internet, and then this guy, our guy in the chatroom, John Peels, gets blamed as being
a cult leader and gets sued for killing that person.
Okay, first of all...
How in the hell did that happen?
First of all, the whole faking your whole death thing on the internet, if anyone falls
for that bullshit, they're so stupid. You know? I've had people try to pull that stuff
and then I just, you know, traced their IP and found other places that they're posting.
That is so weird. Wow.
That's so stupid.
As the internet turns, as the world wide web turns.
Alright, violenthypergirl would like to give a big F.U. to AP Practice Exams and Bitchy Club Advisors.
Another F.U. to the Milpitas Golf Land AZN Idiots, who think they're good and then run away from the machine when I start freestyling.
Yeah.
Muhymer would like to say, fuck stupid friends again.
Fuck almost going to Ocean City to play DDR, but then my parents are being like, uh, no,
but I'm going Tuesday anyway.
You know what's funny?
Ocean City is that town.
You ever drive through Sacramento and it's like where Highway 50 starts and they have
like, oh, Sacramento's this far away and Lake Tahoe's this far away and Ocean City, Maryland
is this far away because that's where Highway 50 ends.
Isn't that funny?
I don't know.
I thought it was funny, I don't know.
Well, Rob.
Fuck online games for being so addicting, although I must say sissyfight.com is strangely
fun
after this is that's like but back in the background
hey i think that's that's what i would like to give an f you to all the spam i
think getting lately
the sculpture
that's why you
market
well at the end acuity chasers heavy steps on the extreme not matching your
max's u s a
I would like to say a big F U to boring, eventless spring breaks. Now I'm fat again.
Oh, poor baby!
Stop watching reality TV and go play some TDR.
Fraternity life sucks also, I'd just like you to know.
When someone hates reality TV, you're watching an awful lot of it.
I was bored yesterday! It was all that was on! I was waiting for a show I'll talk about later.
Anyway, Japan Man would like to say fuck me for forgetting the show. That is all.
Yeah, fuck you. Fuck you. No, just kidding. It's cool. It happened. Thank you, man. I almost forgot the show today
Japan man would also like to say fuck certain people that make fun of me when I fail on bag
And I'm 50 times better than them
Fuck memories on now. Can you will neo standard? It's a bitch, but I finally beat it. Whoo and
What the fuck fuck the test our state makes us take every fucking year die
Oh, so Jimmy
it's alright. Bryce, R-Y-C 3, that's why I said that.
R-Y-C 3 would like to say,
Fuck you dumb fucks and SoCal guys who have no chance on getting with the girls they want to get with, then later crying over it to me because they got rejected.
Fuck you to being single.
Amen.
Fuck you to kids, free teens at work, testing my patience in the counter giving prizes for tickets.
Haha!
23rd Magus would like to say,
Kentucky
Fu to spending a week in Kentucky
Fu to the flight to Kentucky
Fu to turbulence on the flight back to Kentucky
Fu to having the leech money off mom to buy angel a ring in Kentucky
Hands Angel a ring
Fu to getting mom's I.P. ban from DJ Bad while I was in Kentucky
Fu to missing Orange Line while I was in Kentucky
Fu to having nothing to do in Kentucky
but pretty much if you do kentucky
i want to know if you brought back chicken
more than jake five forty three
if you to boring breaks
false hope sports not being made out of metal
that's a good one
people who think punk is fashion
and uh...
When you send your FUs to the wrong person
and the fact that I lost my battle royale in my hard drive crash of last week
Oh yes, FU to american item
You know what, actually I need to throw in one more fuck you
Fuck you to 800 megabyte
binq files that I don't have the disks that are capable of burning
battle royale to right now
Zip them up? Does it work?
No, it's the file to burn to the binq
And I can't copy the file off.
That's weird.
You know they do have things to rip being Q-Files.
I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about the file itself being too big to burn to a CD.
Vidpala would like to say, F you to school. I don't want to go back after vacation.
And F you to myself for bringing all the things needed to play 2DX to the party, except the controller.
That was funny. Who was that?
Vidpala.
F.U. to my stupid computer that likes to reset itself for no apparent reason. It's not even
an old computer. And that, ladies and gentlemen, is the one-hour-long F.U. of the Week. Congratulations.
Yay!
You know why your computer resets?
Why?
Because probably your fan on your heat sink is dirty and your computer's overheating.
Check that.
The computer is hot, what's going on?
I'll start handing out paper.
My week was unemployed. I didn't sleep much of the week.
One. No, I may have done two.
I'm going to be doing a fuck-off show, though, on Tuesday night, I'm sure.
Cool. Good job.
Yeah, that's one reason you've got to listen to that Orange Launch Radio all the time.
The Urban Monty Museum War Program.
I got 19 listeners on a fuck-off show.
Not bad. Not bad.
That's more than we get on some of these shows.
Yeah, and I had nine listeners at 7 a.m. one day.
Which, for internet radio, is amazingly good.
Because I did a fuck-off show from 11.30pm until 8 in the morning.
So are we ever going to be featured on a satellite radio?
I still say we need to get on G4. With some of the crap they have on there, Orange Lounge will fit right in.
Alright, cool.
Let's go to this week's Cage Max, shall we, ladies? I just called it Cage Max.
Max Max Max Max Max!
Help me.
Okay, here we go with tonight's Cage Max.
Last week in the cage match, Loki won it with a song called Duck Toy by Hampenburg.
And here is a clip of the way the cage match works.
You can vote for either Loki's song, Dark Sakura's song, or my song.
And the winning song gets to go into rotation all week long on Orange Lounge Radio.
Except Duck Toy never went into rotation because they never got a copy of the MP3.
Oh well. So, here it is, though, one more time for you. It could still win tonight if you want to vote for it. The first entry in tonight's cage match. Here's a clip of Hampenburg with Ducktoy.
Alright, that was Hamptonburg with Ducktoy, that was last week's winner in Orange Lounge
Radio's Cage Match.
for that that's the first song or you can vote for my pick this week uh i promised irene like four
weeks ago i'd do this song and uh i didn't because i kept finding better stuff like freeze pop
but i i you know what i'll put in superspro tonight i will don't push me all right
no i want to do a different i want to do a different artist you should at least be happy
You won that one.
There's only because we got to go fight on air, but that was cool.
They do still do stuff recently because I think this song was on the next best thing soundtrack
That's where it came from. This song is called. It's a cover of an old 70 song and
And it's called I'm Not In Love. So enjoy. This song is cool.
I'm not in love, so don't forget it It's just a silly phase I'm going through
I'm just a cop, I'll call you up Don't get me wrong, I think you got it next
I'm not in love, no, no
I'd like to see you back there
It doesn't mean it means much to me
So if I call you, I think I'll make it first Don't tell your friends about the two of us
I'm not in love, not in love
I keep a picture of the one who had the best day
I have to say, I'm not in it
So don't trust me
You can give it back
I know the road doesn't mean
That much to me
Ooh, you wait a long time for me Ooh, you wait a long time
Ooh, you wait a long time for me Ooh, you wait a long time
I'm out of love, so don't forget it
It's just a thing, don't you worry
I'm just a card, I call you up
Don't get me wrong, think about it, babe
I'm not in love
If I'm not alive
Whoopies, oopies.
I ended that one a little soon. That's alright. That was the end. Those last ten seconds of it.
That was, uh...
Olive with I'm...
That was Olive with I'm not in love.
What did you kids think of that one?
Give it a ten on principle.
I was able to block out most of the song.
it looks like
anyone
what was the title of that song i'm not in love
i'm not in love with that song
you're so punny
no i'm really not that was the worst song ever
that was almost as bad as freeze pop
i give it to you
sucks you bitch
it sucks you're never gonna like a song i put in cage match you could die yeah but i won
one for you, didn't I? Whatever. Okay, fine. You didn't win that week either. You lost,
if it wasn't for me and Kyle fighting. You suck. Tim, what did you think? One to ten
scale. I don't like it that much. Okay. Well, what do you give it on a one to a ten? Will
It's a decent song, actually. Some might actually pick, but I'd have to say I'd give it probably
I give it a 9.9 because it's sexy but not as sexy as me.
I know who I am. Sorry, I should have said not as sexy as Dr. J.
Alright, one more pick.
I'm going to give it a 9.9 because it's sexy but not as sexy as me.
Okay, as I could have thought.
This was a song that I... I don't... I was like,
Oh my God, I need a song! I'll pick this one!
But I really like it.
What's it called?
Phantom of the Opera something or other remix. I don't know.
Alright, this is the Phantom of the Opera, something or other remix. Enjoy.
And speaks my name
And do I dream again?
For now I find
The future but the open heart is there
Those who have seen your face draw back to me
I am the mask you wear as you lay here
Your spirit and my wife in one collide
The future will be over, understand
And each time you run away
The future will be over
Hi, we're back. That was the Phantom of the Opera techno remix. Going around the room,
what'd you think, Jamie?
Well, I could have found better if I had tried, so I'd give it an eight and a half.
Okay, I absolutely love the Phantom of the Opera, but I really like the original a lot more than that.
And so, even though it's a good remix, uh, techno-mix of it, I'll give it like an 8, because it's still pretty decent, even though it could have been better.
You know.
Well, I'm going to give it this rating mostly because my other friend back in Fremont, and
I can't find him right now, he loves Phantom of the Opera, and I'd say he'd probably give
it a 10 if he heard it, or a 9 at the least. But just for me, I'll probably give it like
a 7.
Lowkey, what'd you think?
Logie, what did you think?
Uh, I heard this a long ass time ago, way before I started doing this show. That's how old it is.
Ooh, food!
You went to McDonald's instead?
Keep going, keep going, keep going.
Oh, I don't give a shit. If you got me the two cheeseburger meals supersized, I love you.
Order powder? Oh, still love you.
Okay, cage match, cage match.
Yeah, sorry. Anyways, the fact is, the song sounds like it came from a bargain CD that I'd find at Tower for five bucks. It was really cheesily done. It's got a good beat to it. I'll tell you what, vote for that song and not mine, because I have a better one next week anyways.
I give it an 8 but vote for Michael.
And don't vote for that one. Vote for someone else's. Vote for Rob's. You can vote for Olive with I'm Not in Love.
Phantom of the Opera  Techno Mix
There we go.
Much better clip. There you go. All right, so send in your votes now.
Be sure to let Rob win.
Or Jamie. Her pick is pretty good.
You've won, like, what? Won?
Yeah. You can vote for me even as a pity pick.
You deserve to win one.
All votes productively go to Rob.
I don't want that song to win.
All right. Usually we don't go to a musical break right after cage match,
cage match where there's a little chaotic because we just had food brought into the
room so people are scrounging for food. So we're going to take a quick quickie break
and we will be right back. And we're going to have tonight's list list when we get back.
So we're going to go to a song that I think Jamie likes a lot this week because you had
a good accomplishment with this song this week. Okay, we're going to hear the long version
the last message and we'll be right back.
How I'm feeling
My hustle's around with no place
Hang on the ceiling, stop me
Hang on the shuttles, no more dealing
It's time to say goodbye, goodbye, baby
I want you to know
I'm ready to be happy
It's more time for me to say
Baby, that's it for you
You don't have to love me again
It's only too bad
That's it for you
I can take you over
I don't need you anymore
That's right, that's right for you
I'm feeling, you should've seen that me inside
I don't need an eye, but you must believe that I
I'm living in your reality, I'm the loser
Who are you? So I can make you go where I don't want to go anymore
I'm sorry, I'm so sorry for you
I'm sorry, I'm so sorry for you
With respect to the moon, I'm thinking of you, love
Half a mile away, no matter where you may be
My thoughts will travel to you
Cause I think my message will come back on the moon
Please give my stories to my love
Mr. Luke, I love him so
He's showing a change just to find out
Mr. Luke, I love him so
Now that we're through, baby
I've got the moonlight skies
Welcome to you
Welcome with you
Let's listen in on an Orange Lounge Radio staff meeting.
Extreme Bimani Radio. That's us. Orange Lounge Radio.
We are back ladies and gentlemen, and I have tonight's winner of the cage match
and
by an amazing
one vote
One vote margin made this song win tonight's cage match winner is
That's the way
By why I tell you not to you do you bastard. That's it
You're on the list!
By one vote over Phantom of the Opera. One vote.
Doesn't that mean Rob wins?
If the one person who voted for Olive would have voted the other way around.
I know! Only one person!
Only one person voted for Olive.
You're not speaking to English! I said don't vote for the damn song!
Because that's something better next week.
Which is funny because I could swear that the one person who voted for my song
was also the one person who was hating on it in the chat room.
Rob wins.
So, Loki, congratulations, you win once again.
However, I guess since Jamie did this a few weeks back, we will extend the same offer to you.
You can pull the song Voluntary out next week and put in your own new song.
Because we let Jamie do that with the Zelda thing, right?
So, only to be fair.
Now, I have, um, this is my new project thing I want to...
I say, us as Americans should push this.
this. Get rid of reality TV and instead put Japanese game shows. Why? Why? The greatest
thing has happened yesterday, okay? TNN has brought this new show. Well, it's kind of
an old Japanese TV show where they basically torture these people. Anyways, and they make
them do ridiculous challenges. And the show is called Most Extreme Elimination Challenge.
It's the greatest show ever and because it's all in Japanese, they have these people dubbing
over the voices and making them sound really goofy and stupid. And it's that much better.
Is the greatest show on earth. I... It would beat out any reality show. Fuck that. This
is the best shit ever, okay? This is the best fucking... This is what game shows should
aspire to be, okay? I mean, Price is Right is good, but nowhere... It does not come anywhere
near this damn show. Best show ever. Speaking of reality shows, did you, uh, see any previews
lately for that new Spring Break reality movie that's coming out? I already fucking talked
about that. Okay, that fucking black guy in his fucking speedo, he can die. Yeah, this
is a great idea. Let's take non-actors, give them no script, and just have them go wild
on Spring Break, and we'll film it and call it a movie. Fuck that. I can go around yelling
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Speaking of reality TV, I watched something that Islander had.
The Blind Date DVD. The Uncensored Blind Date DVD.
A really blind date. I've already seen that really blind date.
Well, this one was great. I mean, besides, though, all the boobs and cock there was all over the place.
They showed this one person who, like, by the end of the day, they were, like, already all over each other the whole date. It was funny.
They just met the first time. Yeah, she unbuttoned her sweater.
It was just like...
I was like, these are your first dates. What's wrong with these stupid people?
By the way, boys and girls, Orange Lounge the motion picture comes out at the end of the year.
No, it doesn't.
And that's all it is, is a moving picture.
Yeah, it comes out and then it goes back in.
Stupid MTV with their stupid reality shows.
Fraternity Life is...
Okay, fraternity life and sorority life are being filmed at the same time, you know, one falls obviously, the sorority, and the other one the fraternity, and their rival, you know, fraternity-sorority things.
Biggest bunch of repressed homosexuals I've ever seen on television.
Yeah, okay, so that show's really stupid. Fucking girls, like, totally schooled these guys.
sorority life
They're gonna have these girls sign this t-shirt for no reason whatsoever, and like, write that, like, you know, this fraternity sucks or some shit.
And I mean, come on, if you're, if this, like, you know, fraternity comes up to you,
Can you sign my shirt? You gotta be a little suspicious to what's going on there.
Especially, it's like, so then they end up stealing the shirt, and then making them come over and clean their house, and then fuck up their house too, and I laugh at them, because they suck.
What do they do? I ask for a big and tasty with no meat. I got a piece of bread, some
onions and a tomato. Beautiful. You know why? You need to go to BK because they have the
veggie burger there, which is pretty decent. We need to do listless. Yes, we do need to
do listless. There was one other thing I was thinking of that I wanted to bring up before...
But you forgot, so let's do listless. Alright, but I forgot, so let's do listless. Yay, a
We don't have official theme music for Whistlers, I just realized. We don't really have any theme music. Do we want some theme music for Whistlers?
Um...yeah, man.
Sure.
Uh...let's see.
Uh...okay.
Alright guys, it's time for...
It is time, once again, for Orange Lounge Radio's Listless!
It's inspired by an old television show that used to be on VH1.
Stolen from, but inspired by.
Alright, tonight's topic...
Jamie is here to explain tonight's topic.
I am? Oh.
Yes.
Tonight's topic is Chicken McNugget.
No.
This, again, is back on the Kingdom Hearts theme.
It is what world that is associated with Disney, Miramax, Anix, or Square?
ABC.
Anix.
Aenis.
Squeenix.
Squeenix, yep, Squeenix.
Or for Loki, Squeenis.
Would you like to see in the next Kingdom Hearts game?
What world would you like to see in the new Kingdom Hearts game?
Alright, here we go. Who's participating? Show of hands.
This this whole thing you guys are at McDonald's sorry, okay, Jamie's first. Yes, Jamie
All right, so Jamie says corner trigger chrono trust a particular reason any you want to say anything reasons why
First of all, I think Michelle would kill me, because there needs to be a Dark Surge as a bad guy.
And that, and I want, um, I want, um, Magus, and I want to play the game and have Magus be in my party.
Okay.
Because I couldn't ever bring myself to defeat him in battle, because I wanted him in my party.
And I wanted to kick everybody's ass with that Dark Zone spell he has.
Alright.
Yeah.
Okay.
And it was the hair, you know, the hair.
Fair enough, good reasons. Zero, what world would you most like to see in the next Kingdom Hearts?
It would be funny to see Chasing Daisy.
Chasing Daisy?
I know, but if you wanted to mix it, it would be Chasing Amy, but you'd just call it Chasing Daisy.
Any particular reason why we want this Chasing Amy slash Chasing Daisy thing?
It would be funny to see Mickey, Donald, and Goofy going after a lesbian.
You just want Daisy Duck to be a dyke.
Cause she'll want Biddy.
Dude, this burger's rare. What's a Nubian? Look at this. The burger is pink. Shut the
fuck up. The burger's raw. I'm gonna eat it and get poisoned. Is Jim? What was your online
name again? I'm sorry. Uh, Guice. That's not my online name. It's just kind of a handle
of mine. Guys. Okay, Guice. Um, uh, kind of serious. Uh, in the style of Final Fighting
Final Fighting Fantasy, actually.
Any Final Fantasy?
No, Final Fighting Fantasy, in Flash.
Ah, okay.
Final Fighting Fantasy.
For those of you who don't know what Final Fighting Fantasy is,
it's basically just a combination of all the Final Fantasy worlds
with basically all the storylines intact.
Like, whatever characters died in the games are still dead
and various other things like that.
First of all, they already have seven and eight and ten involved in Kingdom Hearts already.
Well, you can combine the others.
No, but we're actually picking established individual worlds.
Well, basically involving one, two, three, four, five, and six as well.
Well, that's the thing with this thing. It's like a saga created to combine all those worlds into one.
Does it exist as a real square?
Huh?
I mean...
Well, it's based off of square characters, though, so...
All right.
Final Fighting Fantasy.
All right.
Final Fighting Fantasy is the bomb, yo!
All right, for those who may not have heard of it, there's your explanation.
Let's go on.
Logie, your number three pick.
I'm gonna rain on someone's parade here, but Xenogears or Xenosaga...
Xeno... Xenogears or Xenosaga? You gotta pick one.
Xenogears is fucking... Well, Xenogears is only...
It's the same fucking universe.
Alright.
Uh, any other particular reason why?
Because that game rocks. It has giant robots to smash down Mickey because he sucks and he's gay.
Alright, Irene. Your pick.
Well, I'm incorporating both Anita and Jason's picks, so our number three is Star Ocean.
Star Ocean.
Yeah, I've never played it, but they said it, so I don't know.
Alright, since we can pick anything, you know, Miramax, any of that, because they all are
owned by the same group, my number three was Pulp Fiction Land.
That would be funny.
That would be funny.
Here's the Keyblade. I had it up my ass.
Give me back my Keyblade. Which Keyblade is it? Everyone says bad motherfucker on it.
Lord will strike down upon thee with great vengeance. Alright.
They don't call it a Keyblade. Here, you know what they call it?
Alright.
The Blade Royale.
With cheese.
The Battle Royale.
The Battle Royale.
Yes, Jamie, your number two pick?
My number two pick is Bust-A-Move and Bust-A-Move 2.
Cause I want heat in my party.
To dance.
And set people on fire.
Alright.
So you want Bust-A-Move so you can have heat lay down the wall.
And no I'm not talking about Puzzle Bobble.
And the name Bust-A-Groove is not really a name.
It's what the 989 Studios has duped you into thinking it is.
I think it would be cool to see all the characters from Kingdom Hearts have an air-guys type fighting game.
Alright, Jim. Your number two pick.
My number two pick would have to be the best thing to come out of Disney, Gargoyles.
Gargoyles. Very good. Alright.
I remember the old Gargoyles quest games on Game... Actually, I don't think they had anything... Did they have anything to do with the series? No, they weren't related, were they?
Alright, Gargoyles. That's a good one. Alright.
Loki you're number two pick the best fucking game for Squaresoft. Well, yeah what you the artists formerly known as Squaresoft
Fergots are not
No, wrong game wrong game. It gives Anita einhnder
What one what one einhnder einhnder einhnder
meaning one hander
H A N D E R
It's a shooter
I don't even think this is related to Square or Disney or Miramax or anything, but I put
Reading Rainbow!
Reading Rainbow!
Reading Rainbow World would be so awesome.
Reading Rainbow is done by LeVar Burton, right?
Yes, LeVar Burton.
LeVar Burton is on Star Trek The Next Generation.
Star Trek The Next Generation was sponsored by...
Give me a help, Slayer.
Okay, I'm trying to...
Would he join your party at that point?
2 plus 2 is 4.
4 times 3 is 12.
There are 12 inches in a ruler.
Queen Elizabeth was a ruler, and so on and so forth.
Yeah, anyway, so vote for Reading Rainbow.
It says it was eel sex.
Ah!
Reading Rainbow.
I used to have the theme song.
I can't find it anymore.
Oh, well.
Butterfly in the sky.
All right, anyway, my number two pick.
Now, this is stretching it.
I'm really stretching it here.
Okay, so we looped it to Disney. Well, Disney not only owns Miramax, but they also own Touchstone Pictures, which put out a movie, Romeo and Michelle.
So I said they need to be Romeo and Michelleville, because it would be 80s nostalgia galore.
Oh, yeah? F you.
Alright, my number one.
Yes, your number one, Jamie.
Because Disney now owns the rights to the dub version of Digimon, so that's my pick.
Digimon.
Because Pokemon sucks ass.
Yeah, I just saw Pokemon 4 this week. It was cool.
And Pokemon 5's coming out soon.
Okay, first of all, if you watch Digimon in Japanese, it doesn't suck. I do agree, the dub is sort of ass.
Zero, your number one pick.
Okay, I had a tough time choosing between because but since you know Disney owns ABC because you know
They're trying to be the Microsoft or television now. I
Had to choose it would either be the Drew Carey show or whose line is it anyway?
Because that would be hella funny. That would be funny. You have to like improv to make everyone laugh
Is that your number one pick? Son of a bitch, you took mine.
I just want to say for those who had their picks taken by somebody else, great minds think alike.
I'm not getting you in the mic. Make sure it's on over there.
Hello?
Oh, there we go. Okay, it's back. Oh, whatever. That was weird.
My number one pick would have to be, excluding those underdeveloped characters, unless there are some pedophiles in the audience, would have to be a Final Fantasy nudist colony.
A Final Fantasy nudist colony.
It's something anybody can like.
Well, we had to get porn in the show somehow.
Alright.
Number one.
All right number one from Loki, okay, right second, okay, it's gonna be
Horrible theme park ride turned into movie Ville
Horrible horrible theme park attraction turned into movie Ville because parts of the Caribbean you're in a mansion
mention
the country bears
that has nothing to do with the subject of the
keys match
that
parts of the caribbean's being made of
you gotta pick what's over parts of the caribbean
fine i'll pick a god damn universe then
alright you know
let's see here uh...
we pull it out of my ass here uh...
we're gonna pick they're gonna go to bears
no
they're gonna go to uh...
i don't know let's see how about halloweenville because you know
Halloween...
Halloweenville's in the game, and Kingdom Hearts 1.
HOLLOWEITHAFUCKINGMOVIEVILL, GODDAMMIT, YOU KNOW?
Alright, alright, alright.
Yeah, it is Miramax.
Okay, if you would...
Alright.
This is Dchild, and since I'm not part of this list list, I'm just throwing one out there,
because I have to get this out. Alright.
Because Kevin Smith was a whore for Miramax, I'd have to say the Quick Stop,
Along with Jay and Simon, Bob, you must have them.
Yeah, I was going to say, they already have it.
Everybody else is going to see that, so it's exciting.
All right, the quick stop.
All right, Irene, what's your guys' number one?
OK, this is that Anita's suggestion.
Is it on?
Yeah, OK.
She suggested Spirited Awayville, or town,
or something.
It's a ghost.
Because, yes, because I love Spirited Away.
That's a good one.
Spirited Away was a great film.
So Spirited Away the Land, or whatever.
My number one was Whose Line Is It Anyway, but it got taken, bastard.
So I'm gonna change, I'm gonna do a ride as well, because the whole discussion about the ride got me thinking, and I would love to see a spinning teacup slam.
Where you just spin round and round and you're in a giant teacup.
Yeah, and then everybody vomits all over and it's just a big green pile of shit.
You didn't do the faulty gondola ride, Ville.
Alright, now is the part where we have to say goodbye to something that's on the list. Here we go, Jamie.
There's a lot of these that I would take off the list because they have absolutely nothing to do with the subject of the list list, however...
Yeah, you put urgent! Ein, hein, ein. Someone said urgent?
Yeah, someone said urgent.
And it's its own universe.
Alright, alright.
So, I'm gonna take off Final Fighting Fantasy because that's involving multiple universes, so it's trying to combine multiple things in one, so it's cheating.
Alright, so Final Fighting Fantasy. Alright, he's off.
If it isn't Final Fantasy VI or Final Fantasy V, I would have agreed with it. However, that's sort of cheating to take multiple answers in one.
Alright, so on to technicality. There it goes. Alright, zero.
She's gonna end up punching someone over him or something.
No, I would take out probably the Final Fantasy nudist colony, because I don't think it would be...
You could, like, look on the internet for that! You could look on the internet for that!
Alright, get on the internet if you want to see some nudie.
Because we know Cloud's in the gay porn, so, uh, yeah.
Alright, I don't know if you can see the list all the way back there, Jim, but is there something on here? It's gotta go.
Oh, I'm sorry. Since I wasn't that big of a fan of it, I'd have to say Romy and Michelleville.
Aw, make me cry.
This is the dial tone.
Wokey.
Uh...
We're gonna take off...
Um...
Chasing Daisy.
Chasing Daisy.
You do have- the quickstop's a little better.
Yeah, quickstop's a little better.
Alright. I agree.
Irene, what's coming down?
Um...
I...
Shit. Um...
I think I'm going to take off the spinning teacups because it's kind of lame.
You suck.
Yeah.
Haha.
All my picks are going.
Okay, so yeah.
Makes me sad.
All right, then that leaves me.
As tempting as I am to take off Chrono Trigger, because everybody knows I think it's overrated,
but no, I'm going to keep it on there because I'd get killed by so many people if I did
take that off.
So... I don't know. I guess I have to take off Halloween, Michael Myers, because they already did the Nightmare Before Christmas land.
Hellraiser I would have let you keep, but...
Alright, so now you can vote for one of these lands that should be in the next Kingdom Hearts game.
So here they are, they're in the chatroom, and Jamie's going to read them off for you.
We have Chrono Trigger Chrono Cross, we have Xenogear Xenosaga, Star Ocean, Pulp Fiction Land, Bust and Move World, Air Guys, Gargoyles, Einhonder, Reading Rainbow, Digimon, Whose Line is it Anyway?, Quick Stop, and Spirited Away. Vote!
You can send those votes right now over a private message to me.
And you can send your complaints...
Skye.
In the chat room.
All right.
While you guys vote, we're going to take a quick break.
And we're going to come back and just talk about...
Are you ready to do a game review this week?
I actually have a couple ideas.
All right.
Zenzero's game review when we come back.
That'll be fun.
You've got to get Darkchild in on this one, too.
He's my cohort here.
Okay, so, we're gonna listen to some more 2DX fun stuff music, and we'll be right back
with zero and dark child's game review yay all right we'll be back
Did we stand together, while it was not a waste of time?
Let me settle my mind, girl, till you're walking away from me
I'll just close my eyes and feel the pain that I have inside
What is this pain? What is this pain? What is this pain inside?
What is this thing? What is this thing?
I thought that you were mine
Well, it's time to say goodbye
I can't even realize
And I know you'll be the one in my own life
I'll never forget the way that you kissed and the way that you smiled
Forever, where did it come from?
What is this baby? What is this baby?
What is this baby?
I can't find a home
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
You must be, you must be, you must be
You know you need a brother
Can you make me feel that you're learning what's real?
So make them feel that you're mine and you're mine
You're mine and you're mine
And if you can't consent
Then you're gonna have to go out
And if you can't consent
Hi ho, Kermit the Frog here informing you that today's broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio
is brought to you by the letter B, the letter A, and the number 59.
Can you tell me how to get, how to get to Sesame Street?
Well, you're just going to take a left at the Shell Station and then you're going to
go about a mile anyway you listen you're listening to orange lounge radio and I
bet you all want to know who won the list less segment so here we go the
winning lands that we are going to see in Kingdom Hearts 2 if we had our way
would be in third place, drum roll, Digimon! Digimon land! I forgot to be specific that I was referring to 0-2 because anything after that kind of sucks.
So Digimon 0-2 land. Alright. Number 2, drum roll, is Spirited Away. Good pick, good pick. I like that one a lot.
Alright, and in first place, Breath of Anticipation is Gargoyles is the winner for the land you'd
most like to see in Kingdom Hearts 2.
And you know the other one?
No, I...
Thank God.
The other one that...
Which kind of Chippendales are you talking about, Loki?
The Rangers, man!
The rest of the Rangers.
No, my runner-up, my runner-up, though, was Duckburg.
Duckburg?
Oh, from DuckTales?
DuckTales and Darkwing Duck.
What about freaking, um, no, Doug? Hello? No one said Doug? He's...
Patty Mayonnaise!
Uh, Masorella has a good point. Chip and Dale were in Kingdom Hearts 1, just not their little land.
But they were the guys on the ship, right?
Yeah, they sent out the ship. You only saw them for, like, two seconds, and that was their shot.
Alright.
I wanna know, if it was the gummy ship, why were there no gummy bears?
Dude, that would've been cool too!
The gummy bear universe.
But it wasn't gummy bear! It was the crappy ship!
It was the, hi, we're really jealous, we have Star Fox Envy, so we're gonna pretend to be Star Fox but not. We suck.
Damn you, Squeenix.
You hope to trade for the, um, to get the damn warp drive so you don't have to go through shootin' every fuckin' thing.
Okay, I'm not even there yet, cause I loaned you my game.
What, you mean when you travel between worlds?
I'm like right before Agrabah.
Oops.
I just beat it. But you get the warp drive.
Give me my game back.
I wanna beat the Hades Cup.
Okay, thank you.
Alright, moving on.
We're gonna get to a new segment, a brand new segment tonight, yay!
the new segment of Orange Launch Radio, this is where some of our new regulars get to shine.
Oh my God!
And it's the orgasm segment, everybody!
Holy shit!
Big orgasm, everybody!
Oh, Rob!
This is the best thing in the world!
No, no.
It's not the orgasm segment.
No, that's not it.
All right.
It is zero...
Hello, your turn.
Oh, hi.
It is zero and Dark Child's video game review.
Holy shit, and this is a good song to choose.
Zero and Dark Child's video game review here on Orange Lounge Radio.
I think BitMania would have just been good by itself.
I just busted it not seeing that manga really and I haven't even seen the picture inside
All right, Jamie's showing us battle royale manga right now
Okay
I'm about to take that book and drop my pants in the bathroom. Okay?
I'm about to drop my pants right now
Thank you. I would aim away
Back to video games
Okay, I've decided to make this one not as extensive as last time. It's just going to be a couple random games that we've played throughout the week.
Number one is starting off with Midnight Club 2, which, if you haven't played it and you have a PS2, go out and rent it, or...
Buy it. Buy it. Don't rent it. Buy it.
Well, not everyone's a huge racing fan, so...
It's still cool.
What is this, Judgment Day? What the fuck?
No, um, seriously, if you have a PS2...
I'm on the 14th of July for the first midnight club racing because I'm SUCKED ASS!
I want my $5 back!
Yeah, you start off with an escort.
Yeah, an escort. What is it they call that?
Something SI is what they call that.
Yeah, but it was pretty... The game is good, the graphics are fluid, the music is actually really decent.
It has some pretty good tracks running through the background. I'm not familiar with artists, but you probably know more than I do.
There's no one in particular that we really know. Looks like a lot of their own in-house people.
One good thing about this game also is that, which is something they should have done with
the first one, is there's a lot of shortcuts you can take to, you know, win races faster
or hit checkpoints in different orders and stuff like that.
And the game is fucking hard.
Yeah, the game is a bitch.
Alright, you win the first couple races pretty easy, and then like, all of a sudden it jumps
up and you have to really race them perfectly.
You wanna talk about a hard race, just race a, just get, drive the motorcycle.
Oh shit, drive the motorcycle anywhere.
And watch as you die.
I thought it was cool because you actually had to lean in order to shift your weight in order to turn a motorcycle.
So definitely this is a game to buy or rent, depending on how big of a racing fan you are.
If you're kind of racy, just thinking about it, rent it.
And if you don't have a PS2 and you have an Xbox, which I don't know why the fuck you'd have an Xbox.
Maybe just throw it at kids or something.
Hey, fuck Halo!
Yeah, I'm going to go with Halo, buddy, I'd like that game.
Halo sucks ass.
And the mech game.
There's no dick-measuring challenges here!
Anyways, I'm trying to save for the last three minutes.
If you have an Xbox for god knows what reasons, it's going to be out, I believe, next month for the Xbox with improved graphics and blah blah blah, and wait.
Of course you need an Xbox! You won't play DDR Xbox!
I got to play for a short period of time, which is actually really fun, it's at my house, I gotta start playing it more, is Panzer Dragoon Orta for the Xbox.
That game owns me, and that is sad because I fucking hate the Xbox. But I have to speak unbiased, and that sucks ass.
First of all, it's Panzer Dragoon Orta. It's SEGA. Microsoft has not tainted this game except to host the game.
Well, they put their Xbox logo all over the fucking place.
But besides that, it's SEGA.
SEGA is now the whore of Xbox.
You know, there's actual talks of SEGA merging with Namco.
Yeah, but Xbox is also talking...
Yeah, originally it wasn't supposed to be EA or Namco, and then Namco decided to put up more money.
Yeah, it's definitely a good game, nice and smooth, and it's pretty much everything you remember from before.
Just visually, like, amazing.
Visually enhanced. You're still doing pretty much the same thing that you did in the very first Panzer Dragoon.
It's a shooter.
Yeah, but it's very fun. It's something that you will never get tired of until you beat it.
And there's so much stuff to unlock. You can unlock the original Panzer Dragoon, also on Dreamcast, you can unlock that.
There's a whole bunch of different Dragoons you can unlock for you to change to.
You mean, why do you mean Dreamcast, you mean Saturn?
Sorry, Saturn.
Oh my god.
But, um, yeah, definitely, she keeps showing me this fucking book and it's like, yeah.
Anyways, and-
Ugh!
Ugh!
Ugh!
Ugh!
Oh, that was good.
Just to go back to old school, let's, let's take a trip back to TimeSplitters 2.
This is-
If we're traveling back in time to this one.
The funniest game.
We're not traveling back hell of far, but we're going back a little while.
This game is hilarious except for the fact that you will probably never ever unlock absolutely
everything in this game.
I've been playing it since it came out and I still don't even have half the characters
unlocked.
The cool thing about this game is that, well the thing that Jim and I were playing last
night is that you can have a fire extinguisher and brick fight.
You sit there and throw bricks at each other.
The coolest thing was, I was a monkey, and Jim was one of the sergeant guys.
The monkey is a foot and a half tall, and then you got, the sergeant guy was like 6'6".
So this guy's punching over your hand, I'm just walking up sucker punching him, and the
monkey has hella power, but no stamina.
Yeah, I'm having to look down all the time just to hit him, but for some reason he's
just so goddamn quick, all my shots just constantly keep missing, and he's constantly getting
and a good few sucker punches on me. And he kicked the crap out of me, and he's a frickin'
monkey, so.
Because I was a monkey. The monkey, it's all about monkey power. Anyways.
That goddamn meekie!
Yeah. Basically, the game, the graphics are really good. You gotta love the facial expressions.
The facial expressions and the voice acting.
The voice acting is probably one of the best that I've seen in a game in a long time.
And I like the fact that they did, the facial expressions and everything was very cartoony,
like it should be. They weren't trying to be realistic people who were over-exaggerated
by counters.
Yeah, they weren't trying to be serious. We're not trying to go fucking Half-Life or Counter-Strike,
which is fun to play.
And they had the big-breasted chicks, just like the first one.
Dude, the Jungle Queen.
Jungle Queen?
Jungle Queen.
Jungle Queen.
Dude, okay. She has shit cover in the front, but her ass is totally exposed to the back.
Yeah, it's a cheetah thong that doesn't really have a backstrap.
Yeah, it's like velcro to her skin or something.
Yeah.
It's paint.
It's paint or something.
Maybe it's all natural. Who knows?
Basically, if you want a game to eat up time, do time splitters. It's fun, and there's so much shit to unlock.
Anna has a level editor, which is the greatest thing in the world. If you want to fuck around with your friends, make an insane level.
Also, like I said before, you'll probably never unlock everything, and also you can unlock minigames like Snake. It's called Anaconda, though, and it's actually a lot better.
Johnny just brought up something I should maybe ring up since it's video games.
What?
It's not out yet, but Far Cry. A demo I recommend everyone watch to see what this game's going to look like.
And it's on PC, it's not a console game.
Yeah, that would suck.
Once it comes out though, I'll make sure I have a review for you guys.
Right now there's not a whole lot going on on the PC front that's worth talking about game-wise.
Vice City's coming out, that's about it.
Who the hell cares? I mean, seriously, if you haven't fucking played Vice City by now...
You suck.
What the hell are you even doing on the face of the earth?
I just showed up.
Say hello to Brad.
I just showed up and the reason why you wouldn't play Vice City on PS2 and you want to play on PC is because it looks like shit on PS2.
And it's going to look really good on PC. There you go.
And you're on MP3s too.
There you go.
Okay, well yeah, basically...
And your own cars.
Um, I don't know, unless you can think of...
Dude! Okay, hold on. Everybody play the getaway.
play the getaway
played the fucking getaway okay
you will hear the word fuck in the opening scene at least fifty fucking times
and it's funny when you hear them random american guy in there
like he crashed his car and goes hey i just painted that
and fuck in the middle of fucking uk yeah
there's okay
i'm sitting here playing
and cara's over my house and this guy says
i need to get your details and someone thought he said i need my cheetos anyways
I can't think of anything else. That's pretty much the end of it for this week.
I can't think of another fucking bloody fucking thing.
Play Counter-Strike online.
Kill Johnny.
Because he's really good at that.
Kill anyone that says 9, the number 9, 1, and then the number 6 in their name.
Because they suck and they all die.
Hey, my first day playing I was killing people.
And his name's Unstoppable. If you find 916, Unstoppable.
And now I have my retro review.
if you if you go after eighty team nine one six you will die trust me you after
nine one six you will die
that's the end of the game segment alright he wants to say something
uh... yes loki
uh... also being released they mentioned this weeks weeks months ago
uh... is going to be one must fall battlegrounds the three d fighter
ooh, did that come out?
well anyways i couldn't beta test it because the fucking thing wouldn't work on dial-up
yet they just gave it to me anyways
I have a demo, a really early demo, and I'm not beta testing it anymore, unfortunately.
But it's coming out, so look for it.
It looks really sweet.
They've got really kick-ass arenas.
They reproduce all the robots, like, perfectly and added more, and it's really fun.
They've got, like, a bunch of different modes you can play in.
Like, they have, like, a sports-type thing where it's, like, some sort of soccer-type
thing, and then, like, just death matches and crazy shit like that.
All right, something...
Oh.
The Scatman needs to be the theme for this.
No, it's listless now.
Oh.
All right.
to bring to the table. Retro review. Retro review. Space Harrier on the 32X. It's the
arcade version, end of story. Beautiful. Welcome to the fantasy zone, get ready. If you guys
actually want us to review new games, be sure to tell me so that I can actually get out
there and test them because seriously, I have no idea what you guys want to know about so
Drop me a line either in the chat room or email me or something.
Most people have my information.
That's it.
Alright.
Hopefully, I don't know when they're shipping out the ship from, um, for DDR Max 2.
Maybe not next week, but hopefully a week after we'll have a review on DDR Max 2.
Uh, yes, because it's coming out this week, right?
Yeah, I've got mine already preordered and everything, but I don't know if they ship
them to arrive at your, like, house today.
Yeah.
I think they ship it on that date, so in which case I'll get it the week after.
If we're able to get our hands on it this week, look for Orange Lounge Radio to go live the night we get it.
Bring it over, we'll go live with it the night we get it, and we'll play the new stuff for you right off the bat.
We'll unlock stuff on-air and play them.
Yeah, I'll do the controller trick, man, and fucking unlock the whole fucking game in one night.
Alright, while they drool over Battle Royale manga, we've only got ten minutes left in
the show, but we're going to do a favorite segment of ours called Ask Orange Lounge.
This is where you can ask us whatever you want, send us questions over a private message
in the chat room.
However, some of your questions in the past have really sucked.
Like, will you give me money?
Will you buy me this?
Will you do this?
No.
Stupid questions are not getting asked anymore on the show, so please send us something that's
worth answering.
Thank you.
If you ask a stupid question, you'll be kicked, didn't you?
Yeah.
Alright.
I welcome your questions. We do like to say that there's no such question as a stupid question, but are you going to buy me this as a stupid question? I'm sorry.
If you ask the question, am I stupid?, we're all going to have a nice, big yes for you. Have a nice day. That's from me.
Here we go.
Hmm, all right.
23rd Magus has a question, and it's kind of a personal life question that nobody else
that, or nobody that doesn't chat in Orange Lounge regularly is probably going to get.
But he does want to ask, he does want to ask, who loaned him enough balls to get Angel a ring?
He did.
He did!
I have a return question. Why are you even asking us?
Yeah, you know who gave you the balls.
I mean, I would say, um, I would say, uh, when you're up on the altar, that's gonna take, like, 50 times the balls.
Because he gave them the balls!
Not to jump to conclusions here, because, you know, these are long ways off in the future.
I had a great idea for a mat that had different conclusions on it, and you would jump to them.
Yeah, I'm kind of jumping to conclusions here.
But it's just one small step. It's more of a case of money than balls.
I mean, there's not really balls involved. You like a girl, you buy her something.
There's really no balls involved in that. That's just money.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
When we get into the longer-term commitment stuff, that's going to be the really ballsy stuff.
That's what I'm trying to say.
Stop patting your ego.
Stop patting your ego.
Stop. Right now.
Darkchild has something to add?
Someone wanted to get balls from someone and I wasn't asked to donate?
Alright.
I have a question. Why don't we have a panda mic?
Jonas, if you're listening, I gave you $2 a long time ago at the tournament to get me a balls and you never got it for me.
Okay, fine then. Since he procced up someone I want your money.
RoboZ, if you're fucking listening, you still owe me $3 from fucking MGL2.
I don't want my money, I want a ball, dammit.
I found an MP3 that sounds good that would work with something else, and that's what I normally do.
I don't really think of it beforehand.
So nothing yet except maybe ghosts, maybe.
Maybe, maybe ghosts. I tried it, it was alright.
There was another one I heard that I thought I could mix with insertion, but I don't know.
I might, yeah, we'll see.
I have to wait until I get my vinyl, because my vinyl's coming, and then, yeah.
Yeah, there's going to be, you know, obviously the show's going to be getting a new Thursday night event, well, at some point in season 3, or it's going to be the live mix show, in the mix vinyl on air.
That's going to be pretty awesome. That'll be one to listen for. Okay, we're moving right along. I've got a lot of questions to get through in only a few more minutes.
Okay, here we go. Zero. Question for Zero from 23rd Magus.
I'm scared.
Zero, what would you do with two Quai Jap girls, a bucket of Choco Ready Whip, and cake pie?
Yeah, what wouldn't I do? Oh, fuck you, pal. No, first of all, they have to be of age. Thank you.
He may say of age, but, you know, I will travel to the state where it is legal.
La la la la la.
Well, actually, unless it was the UK, because 16 is, you know, their...
Hawaii, 14.
Hawaii $5.00.
Oh my lord, is that your answer? What wouldn't you do? Or do you have a better answer?
No, okay, I would do pretty much everything within reason. I wouldn't go, like, pour them out to animals or something.
And what about cake pie? You wouldn't make them eat the cake pie?
Anyway...
You wouldn't make them eat something.
Hey Loki, about your Hawaii comment, they gotta have grass on the field before you can play ball.
It's a, you know...
Just because the grass grows does mean it needs to be there.
Oh my fucking god.
Moving right along.
Akuma GM has a good question.
Does Beatmania 2DX have a chance in the US?
Why? Why no, Zero? Why no?
Do we really want to let them ruin another good game?
If a goat can sing in American Idol, anything's possible.
Let them move! Let them move!
If DDR US Mix was allowed, anything could happen.
I second that notion. If DDR-US mix is allowed, 2DX-US mix can't be far behind.
DDR-USA did not happen.
Alright. I'm cutting off questions now. These last five questions I have are it.
Okay. Vidpala, why does cereal cost so much, and what is your favorite cereal?
I like Frosted Mini Wheats. I want to answer your other question.
If you go to Bel Air or Safeway, they have two boxes of cereal for four dollars.
All the Kellogg's brands. And besides, I like Apple Jacks. Because I just do.
They don't taste like apples!
They don't taste like apples, stupid!
What's wrong with you?
That's not an answer! They didn't really have an answer.
I have another favorite.
Crackle Jacks.
I like Crackle and Oat Bran.
Crackle and Oat Bran. Go for it.
It doesn't crackle like Snap Crackle Pop.
Alright, let's move on, because we've got a bunch of questions to get through.
Alright, um, I like Special K and Fruity Pebbles in Captain Crunch.
It depends what kind of mood I'm in.
Healthy, you know, I go with Special K.
Fruity, I go with Fruity Pebbles.
And just damn Cavity, you know, juicing, I go with Captain Crunch.
And why cereal so expensive? Because it's all the damn toys.
And it sponsors terrorism.
You know, actually, I used to name my stepbrother Special K.
Now, why it costs so much, it's because it's somehow in some form controlled by the government.
I don't know how.
I'll figure that out later.
But I like to eat what I have for breakfast this morning, but normally I'll just take
any kind of cereal and just mix them all together and add sugar and a little bit of milk, just
all the cereals together.
That way you get the best of all.
You get the marshmallows, the apple jacks that don't taste like apples, the crackling
goat brain, and...
Donnie Darko Rock, Cellar Door, Cellar Door!
What you ate for breakfast this morning?
Shut up!
I had some of these little Japanese candies that have been sitting by the computer for a couple of days.
Yeah, okay my favorite cereal. I don't need a lot of cereal, but when I do eat cereal my favorite is the Pop's
Pop's Pop's
The Pop's
Corn Pop's yeah, but yeah Corn Pop's those are jamming okay, and the reason why?
The reason why cereal is so expensive is because it's owned by Disney I
I say, if you think it's expensive, just go buy it at Sam's Club or Costco and buy me
a big box of Cinnamon Toast Crunch, please. Thank you.
All right. Quick questions. Here we go. No Styling wants to know, when will Orange Lounge
be available for DVD or CD? Unfortunately, due to the music that we play during the show,
we can't really sell it. As far as the content's concerns, we're still debating kind of the
whole Internet distribution thing, especially now that some of our episodes are, get this,
a year old, getting there. We're thinking about letting those get distributed on Loki's
site later, so. But as far as, like, a CD stuff, it's not really a point. Maybe a clip
CD or something. But fortunately, the quality of the show, since we, well, the problem is
is that we're so, we're so low, because of the modem band, the quality of the show's
really low, there wouldn't be much point to do an audio CD. It would kind of suck.
Two questions. RYC3, this is kind of for Zero and Darkchild, wants to know, Rice wants to know if you will do a game review on Raven Shield.
What is that on?
We covered Raven Shield of Liberty, or I did, back at the tournament weekend.
We didn't have much talk about it though. We can check it out again.
Once they come out with a patch that allows it to be played on my computer, because it detects a back graphics card, then we'll review it.
I just saw something. I wonder if we can actually dual record the show, like record an archive file and record a high resolution, like a high quality file.
What if I had a really good computer?
I've thought about it and there's a way to do it and maybe when we move. We'll see.
I'll try to do one on Raven Shield for you. Give me a couple weeks to find it and get it set up and I'll have it taken care of.
this is the style tone
alright so here we go
uh... last questions from snugdwarf
last question from you OK
is being my paradise not of the major ass suck? I personally hate that song the
steps the fact that it's on DDR but i was wondering what you guys think of
that stinky piece of elephant poop
I love that song since i saw Wendell freestyle it
uh... the song itself
This sucks, um, I can't think of anything violent. It sucks Smegma.
I thought it was time, but I like all the songs that nobody likes, so there you go.
But you know, to be honest, a lot of the club mix stuff really sucks. I mean, the original Jam Jam Reggae sucks.
Jam Jam Reggae sucks.
Like, Emotion, Emotion sucks ass.
Emotion sucks ass.
Okay, Emotion sucks ass on there because it sounds like they just recorded someone doing just the key presses of it.
even like recorded good or anything
and uh... also but the my parents is all right
this episode step suck ass is really slow
and the new double steps they made for really suck because they're just
trying to throw in a bunch of
sixty note running for no apparent reason
i'd like to see
uh... be repaired arabic
Mr. Wendell, like, did this badass freestyle to it, and big guy freestyles kick ass. I'm sorry.
Yeah, my appreciation for Be My Paradise went up like tenfold when I saw Wendell humping Mel to it, so that was homoerotic. Wonderful.
I appreciate Wendell. I don't appreciate the song.
We love Wendell. We need Wendell on this show.
Alright, one more question from Snubdismoid wants to know,
Loki or anyone that makes edits in the room,
I just recently made an Afro Nova edit, but when I put the steps in the DDR edit max,
I was two measures short, too many steps.
I have some extra steps before the normal steps start, so should I just eliminate those?
No, because DDR edit max, a lot of the gaps that sit on there are wrong.
I'm gonna fix that at some point, because there's a lot of steps that are out of sync,
or you'll be in sync on ddr edit max
you are loose anyways
now there's a lot of uh...
a lot of songs where you can make the steps on there i think what was it dynamite raver one of those
was one of the ones that you make on ddr edit max and then
he gets all fucked up when you play on the arcade it's like two bars short or something like that
uh... just what i recommend doing is if you've got something to make an
And just fix it that way. That's what I did.
Yeah, that's pretty much it. I'm going to try to fix all of those so that I can, you know, that can be correct.
But that will come later on. It's on the bottom of my list.
All right, that's it. All the questions from Ask Orange Lounge have been asked.
Thank you very much for submitting your questions. We love you.
And now it's show end time and we ask everybody for their final thoughts.
final thoughts. You want to go first, Jimmy? You want to wait and let her wait. Zero, final
thought. Nice catch. I fit under a desk. Just like an intern to be fitting under a desk.
Shut up, dick. While you're down there. Fuck your mama. I have dusting that needs to be
be done while you're down there.
All right.
I'm on my ass.
No.
Jim, final thought.
Final thought?
Well, this is a pretty cool show for listening to it for my first time, and it kind of makes
me wish I lived up here to listen to it every single week, so...
We roll.
Thanks.
Yeah.
Keep rocking.
Welcome to the show.
Listen to the show.
Well...
Hey, on your first show, you picked the listless thing that ended up winning, so that's not
Not too shabby.
I don't know how I did it, because my two other picks got knocked off.
Yeah, you kind of had crappy ones out of that.
But, you know, Garlic Rose was good.
It's all right.
It's all right, you're a noob.
I'm just kind of having a bad day.
What I want to come up with, you know, just isn't coming up.
We love noobs on Orange Lounge.
Noobs love us.
All right.
All right.
Uh, Loki?
Um, I'm starting to get a headache.
I can fucking think my blood pressure's up or something.
I, like, have bad cholesterol or something like that. I, I don't know what it is. I get
a headache all the time when I come over here. I don't know why. I don't know what it is.
I blame Rob. Maybe, maybe you have cat dander on you from your cat and then it's, I'm, that's
why I have a mild headache. Oh, it's probably shirmy that I'm allergic to. Okay, fuck, okay.
Alright.
Sorry to hear that.
Anita?
Uh, let's see, um, Captain Picard is a better captain than Captain Kirk, because he rocks.
He's smarter, and he holds his age better.
Wow.
Yeah, but he gets it on in Nemesis, and I really don't want to see that.
I did.
Dark child.
yeah
dark child
uh... okay that just made me lose some interest
uh... final thought
I don't really have a final
thought I guess
I'll just throw out something or say everyone's the same
What the hell did he just say?
Bombay your final thought?
My final thought... I don't have one. I don't have any thoughts right now.
Alright, um, my final thought of the n-
My final thought is, you voted, they voted off Legend of Trance after one week, and you fucking kept on, goddamn duck toy! What is wrong with you?
What is wrong with America?
Don't get me started.
My final thought, uh, would be, um, God bless the USA!
My final thought? Fuck you, Squeenix.
Very well put. And the last word of tonight goes to...
You had it before, and so did Anita. Let's give it to Jar-Child. Fine. We'll give it
Last word!
Excrement cranium.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by Dark Sakura, Sky, and Loki.
If you'd like to leave us a comment, send us an email at orangeloungeradioatyahoo.com.
And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
I will send a flood to wipe out all the bad things.
I will save two of everything, but everything else goes, and there'll be a lot of umbrellas.
You, Noah, stop what you're doing and build me an ark.
And Noah, who was Sean Connery, who was...
I'm working on a speedboat at the moment.
Speedboat's much faster. I'll shoo across the water a lot faster.
It'd be great photos for the Bible.
No, I appreciate your sense of publicity, but...
I want an ark with a big room for poo.
It's going to be important.
Speed boat. Let's go for a speed boat.
We can get all the animals with long ears.
They can sit along the side of their ears.
Because I like that.
No, you build me an ark.
put a big motor in an arc if you want compromise
so he started to build himself an arc, started sawing up timber
hu hu hu hu hu hu, that's not actually how you start sawing is it?
you start sawing by going hu hu hu hu hu
that first bit where you
hu hu hu hu hu hu hu hu hu hu hu
then you're into the middle bit of hu hu hu hu hu
where you feel like your dad
when your dad used to say, I'm off out to the garage to saw a plank of wood in our
kiddo
there we go
no reason for it
now let's see if Dr Banosky is still on television, the assentive man
sundays with my dad that was
so yes, so the middle bit of the song
and then the end goes back into
and after a while Noah realized he was actually punching a baboon
get off me, stop telling me
what have you got against baboons
I'm not punching a baboon, I'm showing wood for an ark
ah, a likely story
Thank you very much for listening and we'll see you next week.
Alright, kids, we're back, Orange Lounge Radio, the afterbirth.
Eeee!
Oh, Dark Child has something to say, yes, Dark Child.
Okay, since I wasn't here for Fuck You's, I need to say this.
Fuck you to like 17 and 16 year old girls to try and pimp on like me and zero
I mean first of all the freestyle is not that cool
Especially when I'm up there doing it second of all once you find out that we're 22 and 23
That means you're under age
We can't do nothing about that then we call us and find out that we're both taken and have girlfriends
That doesn't mean the next morning you wake my ass up at 10 o'clock in the morning to see what we want to do
That means we're not available. That means back the fuck up off of us. Get off my jock.
You know what? At least I was smart enough to give him a wrong phone number.
What the fuck, man? No one fucking pips on me when I'm doing shit. What the hell is that?
Oh, I see. I just know I'm not good enough for you.
I'm not good enough for the underage preteens.
Oh, I was good enough for you when I used to work pizza and give you a free...
You want her number?
I'm just saying it's the whole no ego building thing. You know. Hey, yeah, it's you don't me here. She's underage, but
You know man a little bit younger
But no, it's what the fuck that sucks say I guess way they're like
Whatever
Anybody else have something I want to say for after birth
We're talking cosplay go away. I
I need to start hanging out with you guys, man, because you get hit on by, like, the chicks and stuff.
Why are you looking at Jamie Lee?
I got hit on by girls. I was playing Angel's Sanctuary.
Sweet.
I had fan girls and fanboys because I was an it.
I'm going to try and embarrass Rob.
Another thought in Afterbirth, Rob looks hot with a collar on. I mean, if I was gay or even bi, I'd do him if he had that collar on.
Oh, the one picture.
If I was going out to the rage tonight I could get all gothy, but I'm not because I'm a dork.
That's it, you guys. Thank you very much for listening to Orange Lawn Radio and the Afterbirth
and the whole Nine Yards. After the show tonight is a whole lot of old music, Bamani music.
There's lots of five key stuff in here and really old stuff, so you guys want to stay
tuned. Tons of stuff you're not hearing right now currently in Bamani music and more, but
we do encourage you listen to the money is a more program which runs twenty
four hours a day seven days a week on the station where night here
with all your favorite d r two d x and uh... dance media favorites and we
were operating sweet love you
i've ever noticed every week you try to say that faster and faster yet because
i'm i want to get both us so i'm just
i would have but you know what you know i'm saying it fast i have to express my
love for everybody i would
i'd just wanna collectively go down on all of you
well i'm leaving goodbye
not you
thank god
before we get to the classical money stuff i had a quick request i am
granting that she is not dead
the attitude is not dead
but that i don't have for what it does tell me but the system is down we're
going to get
Boba anyway, so bye.
The story's ending, like a fairy tale of a life
It's raining soon and never
Are fighting in my mind
I'm losing you
Believe me, I'm reaching for you
Wish you loved me
I hope we become one
You expect me to fall in love with you
Take me to my soul to discover
The angels
Like a blind light in my mind
I'm taking my life to the top to feel alright
I've found you deep I've been the angel of my heart
I'm falling for the sense to
Turn it over all my life
I wish you love me
Believe me and be in trouble
Wish you love me
Already come by
You're beautiful, I love you
Take me to my soul you
Don't be angry
Like a blind light in my mind
To take in my life To the top to feel alright
Double the edges like a blind light In my mind
To take my life To the top to feel alright
