Message for you, son!
Attention!
Do you want to hear the most annoying sound in the world?
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio, the Monty Talk, and then some.
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain hot monkey sex.
Just kidding.
Orange Lounge will not contain hot monkey sex.
In this episode... Hey, any balls down there?
That's the biggest bear you ever seen, Jingleberry.
What's your favorite scary movie?
Showgirls.
Absolutely frightful.
What's yours?
There are no stupid questions, just stupid people.
Don't torture yourself.
That's my job.
Now's the time our sprockets bend me dogs!
I'll get you, my pretty.
And your little dog, too.
I know Kung Fu.
I'm sorry, but all questions must be submitted in writing.
Why did they have to take the word gay?
No one expects a Spanish exposition!
It's Kendo.
DarkSakura Shut up!
Where's my gun?
This is my boomstick!
Sky Come on girls, it's time to drop the bomb!
Loki I can't for the life of me get the hooker to have sex with me.
What kind of warped human being would find that funny?
Orange Lounge Radio
We are live, and this is episode number 40 for April the 13th of 2003.
You're tuned into the B-Money scene's most interesting radio station of all things B-Money.
My name is Rob Roberts, and you might know me as Sky.
Joining me as always are my awesome co-hosts.
In this corner, the happiest bunny on the farm, Miss Jamie Summers.
You know her better as DarkSakura.
You rappin' cool.
and in the back playing with our brand new mixing board, TEE.
Say hello to our tech master, Loki.
And just make sure it doesn't go into the yellow too much.
And also with us tonight... I think you'll be turning down Rob's channel a lot.
Hey now.
Are you saying that I have a voice that carries?
This is great because with this new mixing board you can still hear me.
Ewan, I'm all the way over here.
Awesome.
Uh, oh yes, say hello to Intern Zero.
Did you know the show is like over the hill now?
I know!
We're turning 40 tonight, we're over the hill.
You're like magical and stuff.
Does this mean we're going to have a mid-show crisis?
It was just after last week's breakdown mid-show.
Remember?
Oh my god, I feel old, I need to go to bed.
Remember how we almost had a big crisis mid-show last week?
Like a giant fight starting with zero?
It was so neat.
No, that was just going off on a stupid song.
But see, I am the mid-show crisis.
Have a good day.
Why are you so angry?
Why am I so angry?
You can't be angry.
That's Jamie's role.
I can be angry, but I can't do that.
I can't be angry, though, because I am actually happy today, which is new and different.
He just threw a penny at me.
A panty?
What?
Oh, a penny.
Oh, a penny.
I thought you said a panty.
I'm like, wow, that's erotic.
I won't need people to throw pennies at me anymore now that I got a damn job.
Ooh, we'll have to hear more about that when we come back from the first break.
Sounds like we have a lot to be thankful for this week.
We might have to get rid of the FUs and do a happy segment.
Fuck that.
Okay, fuck that.
I'm just kidding, I'm just kidding.
Lots of people saying hello to Zero in the chat room, including Angel and the other folks here.
However, if you want to get in our chat room and say hello, it's easy.
Just go to www.callybomani.com, our friends over there, and click on Orange Lounge and click on chat.
It's just that simple.
Alright, we're going to start off this break with what, Jamie?
This isn't crap, I like this song.
No, we're gonna start it off with old shit.
Old shit, okay, so we're gonna hear some old Mamadi music, and we'll be back to talk about a lot of stuff.
There's a lot, a lot, a lot of stuff to talk about this week.
And by the way, tonight, you guys, get your friends on the station, because tonight we have Kyle Snyder's new single, live from March Madness.
I'm moist with anticipation.
It's a miracle I actually got him, I convinced him to sing it a second time, because he kept getting interrupted, and he's like, I'm not gonna do it anymore.
I'm not gonna do it anymore.
And bring my wagons around, Mug it out, To the man in the sky of the bridge, Mug it out, When nobody wants to feed anyone, And nobody's backing me, I wanna be with the bridge,
Thank you for watching!
Thank you for watching!
Thanks for watching!
Thank you for watching!
Music, Music, Music,
Thanks for watching!
Thanks for watching!
Hiho, Kermit the Frog here, informing you that today's broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio is brought to you by the letter B, the letter A, and the number 59.
Can you tell me how to get, how to get to Sesame Street?
Alright, we have to start tonight's show off.
This episode is brought to you by the letter B, the letter A, and the letter G, just like March Madness was.
No, no, that's not it.
Yeah, March Madness was brought to you by the letter Sakura.
Hey, I've got this music... I've got this music playing for a reason.
I have to start tonight's show off with a quick Ask Orange Lounge segment, because we have a question for Loki, and this is important.
Okay.
Okay.
Japan Man wants to know, where in the hell he can get his hands on that new Schlagwerk remix you did that we debuted last week?
Um, nowhere right now.
But I'll put it up, I'll put it up later.
Well, where's it gonna be?
It's gonna be on my site.
Where is your site, for those that don't know?
www.willddrforfood.net slash leechfromloki Beautiful.
So that's where you can download this new Schlagwerk single.
Whenever Loki gets off his butt and puts it up.
Yeah.
Or you can get it from DarkSakura because she's got it too.
And you can beg one of us in chat and we'll give it to you.
I'm stingy.
Just not during the show because we're trying to do the show.
You have to offer me favors.
You have to buy me that hot rod toy.
Oh, well, I can do this later if it's not on my site.
Go for it.
I don't care.
You know what?
We totally neglected the sim update last week, so let's just start tonight with a sim update, shall we?
Well, I've got to hold this guy who goes...
What the hell is that?
Oh, he got food.
Not for me though.
Anyways, this guy is Shuey.
He's done a bunch of stuff.
Right now what he's been doing is like the DDR Game Boy stuff.
He has all the sim files for all the DDR Game Boy tracks.
So we've got those.
But we're going to swap our collections.
And this guy's got 4,000.
And I have 2,000.
Wow.
But he has, like, one of everything.
He collects, like, everything off the sites.
So, you know, whereas I might have, like, one good one for, you know, Schlagwerk, whatever.
He'll have every single one ever made for Schlagwerk, which, you know, obviously I don't want to do.
But, hey, it's cool, you know.
So we're going to be trading those, and that's awesome, and I can't wait to do that.
And then I finally got up all my...
I don't know.
Right now I'm averaging about one update a month, so that's about what we're going to have.
Aside from all that...
Let's see.
Definitely check out Bomani Sims because you can always get new files there.
Even though some of them are like rehashed old shit.
But, you know, a lot of new stuff, especially UtterDude.
He does some really awesome sim files.
He's like my number one now.
Only because Healing Vision doesn't do them fast enough.
But he'd be my number one, you know.
Oh, speaking of Healing Vision, I'm going to have... He's my first...
SimFileCreatorInterview, E, and so I've got that coming up along with all of his files, so that'll be later on.
And then, um, I don't know, just not too much going on.
There's, you know, what was it, Havoc got a hold of the Euromix 2 disc, so he's ripping the banners and stuff from that, so hopefully we'll have some clean banners for that.
And then, um, oh, just a bunch of minor stuff, not really anything new with, um, set me in no new releases or anything.
Um...
Yeah, Zero's Files are back up on Bomani Sims and that's pretty much it.
You know, not too much.
Alright.
So, happy 40th birthday everybody!
Yay!
We are 40 weeks old.
Actually, we're older than that because we did two pre-taped shows and a pre-empted week so we're actually somewhere around 43 or 44 years old but it's the 40th actual show, you guys.
Favorite memory from the past 40 episodes?
What do you think?
Favorite memory from the past 40 episodes?
Out of every single show we've done, what was the funniest or best memory that we did?
My debut.
Which was, do you remember what number that was?
32.
I don't remember shit.
You remember, Loki?
I'm thinking... This should be a list list some week.
We'll do that for 50.
I'm thinking because I want to say there was one night I had you guys laughing really hard.
I can't remember what it was.
It was one of the FUs of the week.
I just can't remember.
Anytime I have food because I'm hungry and I'm broke at the moment.
I haven't taken any money out from the bank.
So, I need food.
I would say episode probably...
either episode number 8, which was the one, it was a really early episode, we had DDR Mike and Jazz here, I remember that, because that's when we got into the whole discussion about Pantsless Rage and Three-Titted Emmy.
That's a classic.
And episode, I think it was 27, that was the one when Angel and Stressa, it was their first visit in town.
That was the night when I realized that Orange Lounge had taken over this house.
Because there were so damn many people here that night, you remember that?
It was crazy.
And I quit myself.
I don't remember shit.
Some folks in the chat room say their favorite memory is all the porn talk.
I like when I had balls.
When was that?
I don't know.
Like the first time Jonas showed up.
Yeah, where's our balls?
Jonas was supposed to bring some for us.
We're still missing them.
You having trouble finding your balls?
Yeah, because I paid him $2 to go get them.
I hope he remembers to get food for me.
Sending brainwaves, brainwaves, brainwaves, brainwaves.
Where's what?
Video recorder.
Is that it on the ground?
Okay.
Actually, no.
Jonas left stuff here.
My favorite, like, thing was March Madness when I just went off.
I think it was so funny because I pissed people off.
I don't know why.
Well, then I guess we could say my favorite thing was, like, slowly becoming insane during Shaft.
Oh, yeah.
That was classic.
I'm sick and I don't care.
I want you to die.
I'm hungry.
Food.
Food.
If you enjoyed our coverage of Shaft and March Madness, we have B3 coming up.
Which, B3 is the weekend of the 17th, I want to say?
God, I hope I'm not wrong.
I'm not looking at a calendar, so forgive me if I'm messed up.
17th?
Isn't that right?
Of May?
I hope not.
Why, what's that?
Yeah, it's like right after E3.
It's like right after E3.
Is E3 the week before?
No, E3 is like Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and B3 is Saturday, Sunday.
Shit, I hope... Goddammit, I'm gonna miss Matrix!
No!
Can't have this!
So we'll see what happens.
We're trying to see who we have to blow to get B3 tickets, by the way.
E3.
I'm sorry.
We don't have to worry about B3 tickets, but if somebody there needs blown, whatever.
I'm sure people would like getting blown for free.
We're trying to get tickets to E3 really, really badly.
I was trying to make you practice.
Rob's trying to shove the microphone up my nose.
I don't have to really say anything because this thing picks up everything.
I'm holding the microphone across the room and it's blinking.
See?
Rob's taking volunteers of people he can practice blowing.
No!
For E3.
Not me.
That's why we have an intern.
Fuck you all.
I suppose we can talk about actual Bomani news tonight.
Alright, this is the one that's on everybody's mind.
You know we have to bring this up, you guys.
The big, big news that comes out this week.
Electronics Boutique, on their website, is now taking pre-orders for Dance Dance Revolution Xbox Mix.
This is Xbox, because you can't have an Xbox mix, because that just sounds stupid.
What do you think of this DDR Xbox mix?
Well, considering that it looks like it has characters again, obviously, so I'm wondering if they're going to try to port the DDR PC version over to the Xbox, which I would like.
I'll read this story.
This is the official story coming from GamingHorizon.com.
It was only a matter of time until we saw the popular Dance Dance Revolution franchise scatter onto other consoles besides the PlayStation.
DDR first started in the arcades.
Electronic Boutique's website informs visitors of an upcoming DDR game from Konami entitled Dance Dance Revolution Xbox.
The game is supposedly going to contain all new songs, exclusive tracks for North America, Xbox Live integration so gamers can download more songs, characters, and dance steps.
Characters!
New game modes are also going to be implemented in that have never been seen before in other DDR titles.
Unfortunately, Economy of America hasn't sent out an official press release yet concerning this recent news, but we can almost guarantee to see something during E3 in May.
Will we get stuck with another diet mode?
I think that this has as much validity to it as 2DX USA.
I don't know, it's got picture.
I can't, I mean, pictures are truth, right?
I mean, no one's ever faked a picture before.
Oh, wait.
I'm going to dissent.
I think it's true.
I really think this is true.
Because I just don't, I don't see Electronics Boutique having that big of balls.
Rob, did you fall on your head lately?
Sure.
You want to know what I think is absolutely stupid?
DDR, Dance Dance Revolution, Xbox.
They could have called it like DDRX or something.
So they call it Xbox.
As if it couldn't, as if, where's the imagination there?
It could be a working title.
Because it's only for the Xbox.
It's only for the Xbox.
And if you look at the box art, and I just posted a link in our chat room to this story, it says, only for Xbox.
But this is probably that fake art.
You know how sometimes the big gaming stores, GameStop, EB, and all those, they do like the fake box art when they're taking pre-orders?
I'm gonna go and draw just DDR Xbox and put it up on a site and say this is the official art.
First of all...
It's DDR on a non-PlayStation system.
And I loved my Dreamcast ones.
You know, they're great.
But you can't make edits and take them with you.
And you can't use paint mode.
I mean, you know, paint.
Paint was like the best thing about Third Mix.
Not really.
I think it's a big pile of stinky dog poo.
I guess we won't find out for sure until E3, but I don't know.
I think there's validity to it.
I just...
It makes sense.
Microsoft's really straggling right now to get something that's going to be successful for their system.
You get a really popular kind of growing thing like DDR, and there's going to be those obsessive freaks that will buy an Xbox just for this mix.
I won't.
I won't either, but there will be obsessive freaks that will.
Oh, I can't wait.
I can't wait.
I can't wait.
Oh, wait.
Oh, it sucks.
The Xbox is all about having Steel Battalion.
So as the one person in this room who actually owns an Xbox, Jamie, what games are worth playing on the Xbox?
The game of throwing the Xbox at children.
Jet Set Radio Future.
That's it.
DOA Beach Volleyball.
Boobie Ball.
I like the boobies.
There's nothing funnier than watching men decide trying to accessorize a swimsuit.
Fuck that, we're just trying to figure out how to take it off.
DOA 3 was good, because I am a fighting game whore.
Okay, but like, let's look at some of their new games.
Fable, I'm looking forward to.
Like Project Gotham Racing.
I'm looking forward to Fable.
If that wasn't a Midnight Club knockoff.
Fable is an RPG where you start off with him as a child, and you run through this character's life, and whatever decision that you make, like say you lose an eye, well after a while the people might start calling you Winky.
DarkSakura.com
What if you are without arms and legs?
What would they call you then?
Target.
But, like, they also have, like, if you, you know, kill, like, this whole family and leave, like, a child alive, the child can make it their life's quest to kill you, or they'll be afraid of you, or, you know, things like that.
It's, like, whatever decision that you make.
So can your priest character go and sexually molest other children and other families, and then they'll have issues later on in life?
Yes, it would work that way.
Okay, just checking.
I don't know, I think it would be kind of neat, although I don't really like, you know, it's sort of like the typical American looking art for RPGs and the like.
I don't really like how it looks.
But then again, I didn't like how Wind Waker looks in a sneak game.
Because, you know, Link looks, you know, deformed and semi-retarded.
Then again, it's not really Link, so it doesn't matter.
What game is this again?
Wind Waker.
No, the one before that.
Fable.
Fable.
Fable.
Japan Man, I think, said, what about Halo?
Halo's pretty, but it makes me throw up.
Halo sucks ass.
Halo sucks.
Because I say so.
Halo is not that bad.
It's good if you like a mindless adventure, shoot-em-up type.
Where's my Duke Nukem Forever?
Say hello to the Ice Queen, by the way.
Oh yeah, hi.
No, I'm sorry, but Halo was alright, but I thought it got real repetitive after a while, and Halo 2 is just going to be just as bad, probably, except you can play it online, supposedly, yes or no.
I want them to take the first Doom and make it look really cool.
Yes.
No, I don't want Doom 3.
I want the first Doom done really cool.
I want them to take Hexen.
Not Hexen 2, I want Hexen.
I want them to do...
A sprite-based first-person shooter collection.
Chex Quest.
Best damn serial game ever.
And I want it to work with the Steel Battalion controller.
Chex Quest.
He brought up Chex Quest.
And I want them to have level editors so I can play Gatchaman Quake.
They did a Gatchaman skin for Quake.
I'm trying to figure out how to make a forest level for Counter-Strike so I can have the whole Battle Royale theme.
I have four characters made out of 40.
There's white cream on my shirt.
No comment!
No, I'd like to see... All I'm waiting for is the return to Castle Wolfenstein on the PS2.
Eh, why play it on PS2?
Because I don't want to play it on the computer.
So it'll be... You can get all jaggedy edges!
And motion blur!
I like jaggedy edges in motion blur, I'll have you know.
You know, everybody hates motion blur because of the bouncer.
It was nothing but one big blur.
Orphan was worse.
Bouncer was stupid.
I wanted Orphan to be a good game.
I actually own it and have yet to play it.
I wanted... Well, Dan got it for me because I'm a big Orphan fan.
I love the anime.
I was wondering about that, because I've played Orphan, the video game, and it was alright.
I mean, it was... Well, I wouldn't say it completely sucked, just because I'm like...
I don't know, it was okay.
I slacked off on collecting the DVDs.
But is the DVD worth watching?
Oh god, the anime is awesome.
Really?
Okay.
Um, I've got like five Laserdiscs of the second series, Orphan Revenge.
How many series are there?
Two.
And then I think there was OAVs, I think.
Did they make the box sets?
Yes.
Yay!
Okay, now I have something to look forward to.
But, dude, well, Orphan's already, I think the whole series should be out now on DVD, but I've only got the first three.
I totally slacked off on it.
I love Orphan.
Cool.
I've played stuff from music from the series on one of my fuck-off shows before.
Welcome to Anime Chat.
Hi.
EOSFVB says, remember Commander Keen?
That game was the shit.
That was the best game, except there were like a million sequels and it got redundant.
Jazz the Jackrabbit.
No, I'm sorry.
Commander Keen 4 was like better than like Super Nintendo.
Leisure Suit Larry.
Anyway, back to DDR on Xbox.
Wait, it's all about the crystal caves.
Who in here remembers Phantasmagoria?
Okay.
A game I never got to play.
I know, I got to see the end of it, but Myst annoyed the hell out of me.
I have Myst on Saturn.
I think I still have the discs for Phantasmagoria around here somewhere.
I'm going to have to find them for you.
Everyone who has a Saturn, raise your hand.
We own you.
Whatever.
You'll have access to... I have two Saturns also.
One's modded.
I have two styles of Saturns.
The only reason why Jamie always says, everybody who has this, raise your hand, because she has everything.
She will always win.
I don't have a Jaguar.
You don't have a crappy Jaguar, good, save yourself.
I want a Jaguar for the version of Tempest 2000 on it.
Do you ever see Sean Baby's list of the 10 worst video games ever?
No.
Like, five of them are Jaguar games.
And then the others are the Zelda games on 3DO.
One of them was... It was the 3DO or CDI.
I think the worst game was, what, Gilligan's Island or something.
I don't know.
I'll pull up the list.
No, the worst one of the worst games ever is the version of E.T.
that's on the Atari 2600.
Yes, that's it.
That was it.
That was it.
It was the E.T.
on... Their whole little rumor is that there's like 2,300 cartridges buried out in like Mexico or something.
That is not a rumor.
It really isn't.
Return to the green planet, or blue planet, or whatever it sounds like.
How about Return to My Butt?
This is an interesting topic.
This is an interesting topic, so let's do this anyway.
This is Sean Baby's list of the 20 worst video games of all time.
I'm going to see if I own any of these.
Hold on, we'll go through these one at a time.
I'm posting a link to SeanBaby.com slash NES slash EGM dot HTM.
We're going to run through these right now.
20.
Extreme Sports with the Bearstein Bears for Game Boy Color.
No.
Oh my gosh, I remember that.
My little cousin had that, and I threw the Game Boy halfway across the room.
That was the worst thing ever.
Number 19 is Bible Adventures for the NES.
Actually, in storage in Alabama, I do indeed own this game because I stole it.
I was just reading something in the back of the official PlayStation magazine, or I think it was PlayStation, or it was EGM, and they were talking about the Legend of Zelda that they converted into a Bible story.
You didn't have a sword, you threw fruit.
And you're on this whole spiritual journey.
No.
There's a hack rom of the Zelda game on the Game Boy, the old Game Boy one, where he has a penis for a sword and goes around, you know, like Dildo Man or something.
Now, do remember that this article is probably about four years old that we're looking at, so I don't think it includes anything for GameCube, PlayStation 2, anything like that.
So next one.
Next one is, now this is great, and I think Jamie owns this.
I do indeed own Criss Cross Make My Video.
And you were there when I bought it.
I was there when she bought it.
I bought a brand new copy.
Toy Liquidators for $4.
Wait, I thought that was the Marky Mark one I watched you buy.
No, that was the Marky Mark one, but I do own the Criss Cross one.
Okay.
Okay.
We need to play that on the show.
Yeah, you gotta bring that in.
I think I actually ended up giving the crisscross one to Dan's friend Eric, but... Get it back.
He was way off in me.
We need to instate, like, Orange Lounge Extreme Challenge and have, like, you know, part of it to make the coolest video for, like... These are things we need to bring to B3.
We need to go and buy all these games and see who can stand to play them.
I'll bring the Marky Mark one.
I'll bring my CDX and the Marky Mark one.
Oh, God.
Number 17, Bubsy 3D for the PlayStation.
As if Bubsy 1 wasn't crap enough.
No.
Anyone ever play Bubsy?
I played Bubsy.
I played Bubsy.
And Bubsy 2.
Holy shit.
That was a fun game.
Number 16 is Bad Street Brawler for the NES.
That game was shit.
The only game I can think of that was worse than Bad Street Brawler, and it's not on this list so I can say it, was that fucking Bayou Billy.
I did not like that game at all.
Number 15 is Total Recall for the NES.
I used to have that game.
I threw it down the stairs.
Have a picture of the three-titted chick here on SeanBaby's site.
I'll tell you the worst one.
Hold on.
Is it on there?
We're going to go through one.
No, I know before I say it.
Okay, no.
The worst Arnold Schwarzenegger-based game was Predator on the NES.
I don't remember Predator.
Oh, it was bad.
You couldn't even jump when you needed to.
He'd, like, jump on his own.
Do everything on his own.
Oh, my God.
Number 14, Rap Jam, Volume 1 You could play Queen Latifah vs. Coolio
all in a big game of basketball.
Dude, I'd play as Queen Latifah.
That's cool.
And they say, it says here on Sean Baby's site, Queen Latifah looks like a 130-pound Mexican boy.
Alright, next.
Number 13 was Air Cars for the Jaguar.
Um, no.
Looks like a piece of poo.
Number 12, I think Jamie owns this, Night Trap.
Yes.
I want the 32X one.
Night Trap starring drug-induced Dana Plato.
Dude, Night Trap is neat.
Star Trap, I'm sorry, Night Trap was neat.
Night Trap was good, it was like the first real controversial game out there.
Night Trap required intelligence to play it, because you had to know what, you monitor your things and everything, but we've actually, you can download an FAQ that tells you when to watch each camera.
I want a new version of Maniac Mansion.
Yes!
It says, I always made the house explode.
Didn't they have a Maniac Mansion cartoon?
That was a TV show.
That was a TV, yeah, live action TV show.
On the family.
I have, I have the data tentacle and that was funny.
Monster in my pocket.
Yes.
Monster in my pocket before there was Pokemon.
Okay, we're going down Sean Baby's list of the 20 worst games of all time.
No!
It's a couple years old.
It's Dragonlance.
Number 11 is Dragonlance, Heroes of the Lance.
I want that game.
I don't even remember this game.
Because I love the books.
I don't care if the game sucks.
It sucks, it makes a complete mockery of the books.
I had one of the Dragonlance PC games that came on, the big-ass floppy disks.
I've never seen the PC version, I've only seen that version and that, no.
Yeah, because I read all the Dragonlance games.
Okay, this one I absolutely agree with, because the home versions, even down to the Saturn version, sucked so much ass, Revolution X.
Aerosmith, Stars in Revolution X
I gotta say though, the Super NES version was better than the PC version.
The PC version was worse.
Number 9.
Jamie, do you have this one?
Custer's Revenge.
I have ROM of this.
Dan has ROM of this.
Yeah, I think a lot of people have the ROM, but nobody has the actual cartridge that we know.
Come to think of it, I may actually have, we have a ROM chip player for 2600, and I think we actually may have the ROM chip for this.
Now, for those that don't know what Custer's Revenge is, the way it works is you play Custer.
You can fuck a skull.
Your job is to fuck this woman with a feather in her hat.
Um, over and over again.
That's a dildo on her head.
Or it's a dildo on her head, I don't know.
I like that caption.
And you have to dodge the falling arrows.
I like the caption.
It says, erotic imagery, I've masturbated to sexier Legos.
Okay.
Dude, X-Man is not on this.
What's X-Man?
X-Man was this one where you play as this little, he looks like scissors except it's a guy with a big dick the size of his body.
And you walk through a maze and then when you get to the center of the maze and avoid the traps, you like have to, there's this woman on all fours and you have to bone her.
Number 8, White Men Can't Jump for the Jaguar.
God, no.
Whoop, there it is.
I hate that game.
I haven't played it because I got flack for my last name because of that stupid movie.
God damn it.
Number 7, Superman 64.
Played it, never got it.
It had potential to be cool.
Dude, that looks like Star Fox level, though.
Yeah, it looks like Star Fox.
Number six, Zelda, The Wand of Gamelon.
CDI!
This was the one that they made for the CDI, where if you thought Link looked like shit in Wind Waker, you have not seen a shitty cartoon Link.
No, I just want to know who got fired for this.
Zelda looks rather wanton right there.
Look at her expression with her mouth open.
It looks like Princess Zelda in this picture is about to give somebody head.
It's the designs from the cartoon series.
Oh, yeah, it's so good.
Well, excuse me, princess.
Why is Link being played by Prince?
That's all I want to know.
All right, number five.
He's not Link anymore.
He's like an ocarina.
It's like what his symbol is.
A game for the 3DO called Virtuoso.
Virtuoso.
Oh, my God, no.
Being played by... Oh, shit.
Oh, man, I don't know.
I don't think it says who did it.
I guess it was nobody famous.
Number four is a game called Captain Novolin.
No.
What was it on?
Which is, it's a game about diabetes.
It was put together not to educate children about diabetes, but to blatantly taunt their disease.
Okay, I've played better flash games than what this looks like.
There's this flash game about sexually transmitted diseases, and you have to catch the jizz in a condom.
It's a flash game.
This helpful nurse will come out and say, you need to check your blood sugar four times a day, but you can check it more often if you like.
That's a helpful point.
I don't want to stick a needle in my finger.
Here, let me do it 20 times a day.
No.
Diabetes is nothing to joke about, but that's why this game is so bad.
I know it's not, but still, it's rather wrong.
That's why this game is bad.
Fight4Life Fight4Life Fight4Life
I own this game and it's... Awesome, man!
Freakin' awesome, he just made the eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, the whole game.
Although I would actually... I'm gonna make a t-shirt with the E.T.
sprite and a big anti-thing.
Don't be dogging E.T.
I want a shirt with the dragon on it.
We should open up an Orange Lounge store that sells these things.
One of those crappy cafe e-press stores.
All right.
I think what we're going to do at this point, did everybody get off their chest what they wanted to say about DDR on the Xbox and all?
I think they picked up on the mic.
A quick question for you guys.
We're getting asked by the chat room about this, and I said yes, because I know at least I'll be here.
Next Sunday is Easter.
Are we still doing a show?
Hell yeah.
I don't do anything for Easter.
Does anybody have to celebrate Easter?
Only if I get to burn something.
Easter's really about the eggs.
Who gives a crap about this Jesus shit?
We're not going to be celebrating Easter.
We're going to celebrate my birthday.
Huh?
That's right, you guys.
Next Sunday is Jamie's birthday.
It's not the day after my birthday.
Oh, that's right.
Today's the 13th.
Never mind.
That's right.
But that means next week is 420!
Whoop-a-dee-doo.
Good for you.
Are you a pothead?
I know someone who is.
Anyway, yeah, we'll be here next week.
Oh, where did 420 come from?
420 is the police code.
You know how there's all these police codes for different crimes?
420 is smoking marijuana.
I've got a 1337.
I wonder what a 1337 is in police code.
I call a homestar run or break.
A Homestar Runner, right?
You want to do a Homestar Runner, right?
Did you bring some on your CD here?
And now, more sounds of E.T.
In two weeks, however, we'll be taped.
Why are you sending me to Homestar Runner?
Uh, okay.
I have no idea what Jamie's doing.
She just took over my computer and she's loading up stuff on the Star Runner.
On my computer, I have it loaded to where it'll start up.
It'll say, Hello, stupid, and welcome to your crappy computer.
I want that.
I can send you the MP3 if you really want it.
Cool.
It's from, it's Strong Bad saying it, so it's pretty cool.
Um.
Oh, dear.
Oh.
Why don't you and the Chief pull a caper of some sort?
It seems like there's been little cooperation between the two of you as of late.
James, Detroit me.
Well, you're right.
And it's no secret that the Chief and I haven't been getting along very well since he screwed up our last caper.
I don't care about the crosswords, man.
Just the jumbles, the jumbles.
I don't know, go look over there!
Look out!
Oh, great, man!
He's too upset, Batman.
What are you guys doing in my house?
We've been ID'd!
Every man for himself!
Thanks for stopping by, you guys.
Thanks for breaking my cowlamp.
The Chief, man.
Where did we go wrong?
Seems like just yesterday we were setting fire to Strong Sad's underwears.
How was yesterday?
This one's for you.
I got mad at the cheat for screwing up the jumbled paper.
I hope I don't see his name in the paper in the obituaries.
His dad would mean he's dead if he is not dead.
I'm so glad the cheetah's not dead, the cheetah's not dead Oh, I'm so glad the cheetah's not dead, the cheetah's not dead So glad the cheetah's not dead Just the claps, just the claps Wrong time, I didn't know you had any rhythm Oh sure, I got tons of rhythm You got the clap Keep it rollin' for me guys, keep it rollin'
DJ, I just wanted to say that.
Oh, I can't stay mad at you.
Oh, how about a little kick for old time's sake?
And I'll have your skin, man.
What's that?
Oh, what are we now?
I had you there.
Wow.
Okay, so, uh, yeah, that was, that was HomestarRunner.com, and I'm still convinced they're gonna sell out to the car- You guys are so cute.
Uh- I could probably get dressed or something.
What is it, like, three in the afternoon?
Looking good, Homestar.
Yeah, what's the deal?
I didn't know you had to shave.
Oh, I don't.
It's cinnamon.
Wow.
Okay, um-
Anyway, yes, hi.
Strong Bad, I still say that they're going to sell out to Cartoon Network within a matter of months.
I'll bet you anything.
We are now going to take a break.
Well, that was kind of a break, but we're going to take a real break here.
And you guys, I know you've been anticipating this for a long, long time.
Two weeks ago, during March Madness, we had the world debut of...
of Kyle Snyder's song, I Could Never Be Japanese.
And you guys, tonight, here it is again.
I will take this as an opportunity to go poop.
So, this is it.
This is it.
The world premiere.
Well, the second premiere, I guess, because we already did this once.
We're going to do it again.
This is a clip from March Madness of Kyle Snyder singing his new song, I Could Never Be Japanese.
Enjoy, you guys.
I remember when I was young It would come every Saturday evening I would watch some Japanese TV It never did get boring It was all I cared about There was nothing else for me to do Then I suddenly hit reality And a message came through
I could never be Japanese No matter what it would never be Even though I never gave up hope I had to face reality I thought it would all end there But somehow I kept going on I'm so interested in Japanese culture
That is why I wrote this song If it weren't for my brother I wouldn't know much about your culture I would be so ignorant It would be pure torture I'm sure there are others
Who are into Japanese culture too I'm glad I'm not the only one Otherwise I'd probably be a fool I could never be Japanese No matter what it would never be Even though I never gave up hope I had to face reality I thought it would all end there
Yet somehow I kept going on I'm so interested in Japanese culture That is why I wrote this song There was much I didn't know That I learned as the time flew by I was shocked about what I learned I didn't know why
Then it started to come to me Why I wasn't born in Japan Life would be too hard for me It must be part of the Lord's plan I could never be Japanese No matter what, it would never be Even though I never gave up hope I had to face reality
I thought it would all end there But somehow I kept going on I'm so interested in Japanese culture And that is why I wrote this song I could never be Japanese No matter what it would never be Even though I never gave up hope
I had to face reality I thought it would all end there Yet somehow I kept going on I'm still interested in Japanese culture And that is why I wrote this song
This is fucked up!
This is fucked up!
And now it's time for Erotic Pop Idol, where we will find the next singer for everyone's favorite perverse Bomani band, Erotic.
Do it all night.
Do it with me.
No, no, that was awful.
Bloody terrible.
Do you take vocal lessons?
Kill your teacher.
In the heat of the night.
Oh, God, I think my ears are bleeding.
I liked it.
Shut the bloody hell up, Paula.
Next.
Um, that was cool.
Do you even know why you're here?
That was just bloody pathetic.
Next!
Come on, do it with me.
Yes, yes, that's it!
We have a winner!
A Star is Born here on Orange Lounge Radio.
A star is born on Orange Lounge Radio
He was sitting there, like, staring at me while I was singing, and I'm trying not to laugh.
My face is absolutely bright red.
And he walks away.
I dropped the microphone and bursted into laughter.
It was so bad.
That's why he got interrupted the first time.
All right.
The studio's just erupted into chaos because we just had arriving.
We have Dark Childs in the house.
Yay.
D-Child in the heezy-fush-heezy.
DarkSakura will fuck you up, Mixx
Everybody should fuck someone up for that last song.
Also, Gamlande Couple, which we're finally starting to get... We're starting to get some feedback in the chatroom that, you know what, you guys?
Maybe that's overplayed a little bit.
You think so?
You think that song's overplayed or what?
Yes.
It's back all over again, everybody.
I have never, ever had one of these before.
What do I do?
Do I push the marble in?
No.
Did you take the plastic off?
I took the plastic thing off.
Well, there should be a green thing in there.
Oh.
Yeah, well, now it's not, but... Love the lovely stuff of Orange Lodge.
Oh, I'm getting a lesson.
You take your thingy off.
Yeah.
Cool!
Yeah, it's... They do... No, I don't want to see that!
What?
I haven't followed it for a season.
What is this?
Everybody use your imagination at home.
I stuck it in my mouth.
Or better not, don't use your imagination at home.
Rob just didn't want to get it on the floor.
You know I just had to lick that all up.
Better to let it shoot off in your mouth, right?
No, oh my god.
My friend Garrett, earlier this week, he took me to... What's that Japanese store?
It's in South Side.
Ototo's, I think it's called?
I think that's what the place was called.
It's over on... And I apologize for those out of Sacramento who aren't going to get this.
It's on Fruit Ridge and... Fruit Ridge and what's the other after?
Freeport.
Freeport and Fruit Ridge.
Okay, that's like a mile away from my house.
Okay, they have... If you're not in a car, don't go throughout the area.
You will die.
I am done.
We went and we got that and... There was a reason I was telling this story.
Oh yes, he bought the explosive Hello Kitty drink.
and it's this drink and it has Hello Kitty on it and it tastes like, it tastes like, you remember those fruit candies Mamba from high school?
Mamba candies.
It tastes like a liquid version of Mamba candies.
But when you open it, it opens worse than a bottle of champagne.
He has to point it away.
We opened it in his backyard and when you open it, the plastic top flew 40 yards and he didn't even shake it.
So that's why we call it the explosive Hello Kitty drink.
You should shake it.
Yo, what's this?
Pointing at the bird.
Shake it and take it to RVGL.
Oh!
Oh my god!
That's a great idea.
Who wants to take exploding Hello Kitty drink to RVGL?
We can like shake it up like... First of all, who wants to go to RVGL?
Cricket noise.
You can hurt the kids in RVGL.
I do so I can kick the crap out of some stupid little raver kids.
I'm eating.
And you know, we kind of got on a tangent.
We were talking about Bomani news.
We had tons of it to cover.
And then I got a cool little back.
Everybody!
Everybody!
What do you want to talk about now, then?
There's still plenty of Bomani news to talk about.
You want to talk about something new?
Sure.
Let's talk about DDR Ultramix.
I was about to say that.
That is the stupidest idea in the world.
Why?
It's DDR PC 2.
It's ultra crap!
I mean, ooh, what, are we going to have more lovely characters that we're all going to drool all over?
No.
Trojan Man is the first unlock, just so you know.
This is being leaked, by the way.
Somebody had discovered this on the ratings board website.
There was this website, you know, that you go to to get the ratings.
How sad is it that people browse that site to look for new games that are coming out?
It worked.
This is something I brought up in the chatroom a few nights ago when I mentioned this for no apparent reason.
It's like, probably about 85-90% of the Bimani community, probably worldwide, knows about Stepmania or knows about DWI.
So it's like, why waste however much they're going to try to charge you for this stupid-ass game and just go spend a few hours a day downloading a bunch of songs and you'll be just fine?
Or do you really want the most retarded characters in the world?
Because it's all about the kick-ass characters and the possibility that there might be new stuff even though there will never be new stuff.
Now Jazz in the chatroom makes a good point.
You can't judge it till you play it.
Oh, okay.
Sure.
I'm going by track record here.
Well, I don't know.
If I'm correct, I've heard that from plenty of people before DDRPC came out.
You know, oh, you can't judge me before you play it, and then you play it, and they get mad at you for judging it.
It sucked, and they all sucked.
Wow.
All right.
I heard that about anal sex one time, but I'm not going to try it.
I'll judge it before I try it.
That... Well, you know, we were doing really good with this show, not going any type of porno way, and now all of a sudden, anal sex, pop!
Exactly, you couldn't have summed it up better.
Anal sex, pop.
Okay.
That's actually what Kyle Snyder songs sound like.
Does anybody else want to... I think people would have preferred anal sex over that Kyle Snyder song, seriously.
What new characters can we look forward to?
What wonderful ideas will Konami of America come out with?
There's a listless topic.
Will we get another paranoia?
Nope.
Dude, I'm so tired of Paranoia.
If I hear one more Paranoia, I'm gonna punch someone.
You know, I didn't think Paranoia was Survivor, was I?
Paranoia... That was the only, like, good one.
That and Evolution.
Wow, Paranoia's Survivor Max was so original, too, with its extra few seconds fed up.
Okay, as far as I'm concerned, Paranoia needs to die, Naoki needs to die, and... Well, no, if he died, then there would be no songs for DDR, because he's every artist.
Fuck that, man!
Get Good Cool to do all the music!
That would kick ass!
We need Good Cool and Tack to do all the music.
And Taka, too.
Fuck Naoki.
Naoki needs to go back and do more Gradius music.
Akira Yamaoka.
Yeah, we need more Yamaoka songs.
But seriously though, what they need to do... Didn't it seem like everything with DDR Extreme was just being lazy?
Like they're lazy on the whole unlock system, they're lazy on the songs that they put in there, they're lazy on the soundtrack that they released.
It's just the whole thing is like, you know, I could have made this a good game, but, you know, I just kind of want to sit down and sleep.
There's something more fascinating than DDR, whatever that crap is, Ultimate Battle 22.
We went too extreme.
Me eating Pocky is more amusing.
Go the record, Rob did something phallic.
He still is!
This is wrong.
But yeah, it's just, they're gonna do it because they know people are gonna play it anyway because it's the next new thing that's retarded.
And that's how you lose your fanbase.
Right there.
You might wanna stop and get a little turned on over here.
Yes, you lose your fanbase just about as well as Metallica did.
Nice analogy.
Metallica who?
Anyways.
Yeah, so Ultramix sucks ass, and I won't buy it, but I'll download it off of some site.
I'm sure.
I have video game news.
Oh.
Hold on a minute.
Jamie, everybody has an announcement.
Fuck you.
I have two announcements.
And neither of them are related to Bibani.
Shock, shock, shock, shock.
The first one is in a few weeks from now in IRC or possibly AIM if I'm feeling like being, you know, nice to people who don't use IRC.
Gonna be running a Battle Royale game, stat-based, like a tabletop game except on IRC.
Shut up.
And then I saw something cool.
One of my friends online made me download something cool.
It was the teaser for Kingdom Hearts 2.
Shut up!
It's really cool, except there's all this neat hardcore fighting, and then it's like one of the people doing hardcore fighting, landing in cool poses while wearing lots of black, is Mickey Mouse.
So with all this hardcore fighting, is there any hardcore sex?
I don't want to know about that associated with Kingdom Hearts 2, thank you very much!
Yes, I do.
You just do it with the Final Fantasy characters.
You don't do it with the Disney characters.
This was posted in Jamie's Life Journal.
Yeah, actually, that was another thing I wanted to bring up.
Post that in the chat room.
This is the best fan art ever.
For anyone who remembers the race at the beginning of Kingdom Hearts, this is the best fan art ever.
What's the score now, eh, Riku?
Don't you agree?
Final Fuck X, yay.
Kingdom Hard-On.
I don't know, maybe that's the name of the doujinshi somewhere.
Kingdom Hurts.
God, this could, like, take up the whole show right here.
I'm fine with that.
RPG-related, uh... Like, Secret of Mana, Secret of Flesh or something.
Welcome to the Temple of Butt.
Poking at Mana.
Ness151 in our chatroom has an interesting motto for life.
When life gives you a lemon, toss it back and scream, HENTAI!
Anyways, we should move along here No, when life gives me lemons, I throw grenades back When life throws me lemons, I eat a lime, because limes are better When life throws me lemons, I just give myself glass of heifer bison
You know, my friend was telling me about this porn without this lemon.
Never mind.
When life gives me lemons, I poison the lemonade.
That's beautiful.
That is the best ever.
Thank you.
I decided to talk about something else.
Okay, anyways.
DDR Max 2, obviously, is coming out in like two weeks.
More information being released by Konami.
Of course, we know we were, you know...
Assuming that there's going to be more stuff about being able to create Onis, and that is in there.
You can create your own Oni courses, so that's kind of cool.
Plus, as before, we were talking about previous songs from DDR Extreme, which are going to be in there.
Two confirmed songs from Konami right now are Level of Shine and Crash.
Stop it with the ninja cookie thingies, crackers.
I am disappointed by this box of Pokey.
It does not have a special unit CD.
But the words special unit are really funny.
You and your special unit can go stand in the hall, sir.
Will there be any good porno in the hall?
Yeah, why don't you do it yourself?
Then I guess me and my special unit won't be working together today.
Oh, there's a barcode.
Could I win a special unit CD?
Huh.
I've been asked to play a movie that we got here in the chat room.
I don't know, this might cause drops though, so if this causes too many drops, we're going to have to cut this segment, but we'll try it.
Because I have done movies on the show way back on episode number like three or something.
You remember that whole controversy?
Okay, I wasn't here!
I remember, I remember.
I remember the, you know, it's like a giant spaceship place.
Oh yeah, we did play that, you were here for that.
We need to do that, put that promo back in.
We'll play that after the next break.
Okay, but anyway, let's see if this will work.
I don't know, we might drop, have some dropouts.
We'll see if it works.
Okay.
Loading, loading, loading.
Here we go!
Zelda, Duke Onkled is under attack by the evil forces of Ganon.
I'm going to Gamelon to aid him.
But Father, what if something happens to you?
I'll take the Triforce of Courage to protect me.
If you don't hear from me in a month, send Link.
Impa, don't worry, Zelda.
The Triforce of Wisdom promises the king will safely return.
Enough.
My ship sails in the morning.
I wonder what's for dinner.
Oh boy, I'm so hungry, I could eat an Octorok.
I'm so hungry, I could eat Zelda.
A whole month gone, and still no word.
Shut up, you hippie!
Yeah, that old Ganon's no match for the king.
Link, go to Gamelon and find my father.
Great, I can't wait to bomb some Dodongos.
Dude, Link is totally gay.
Wake up, Impa.
We're going to Gammon.
All right, dear.
I'll get the Triforce of Wisdom.
Beautiful.
You want to see another movie from that game?
All right.
Since there's such a huge demand for it, let's see another movie.
Rob, can you give me back those minutes of life you just wasted?
No.
In fact, I'm going to take more.
Gee, it sure is boring around here.
Because I'm playing this game.
He's wearing lipstick.
So is he.
Your Majesty, Ganon and Link came to the island of paradise.
Hmm, how can we help?
It is written, only Link can defeat Ganon.
Great, I'll grab my stuff.
There is no time, your sword is enough.
By Ganon we mean George Bush.
How about a kiss?
For luck.
You've got to be kidding.
Squadala, we are off.
Wow.
What are all those heads?
These are the faces of evil.
There's a big map.
I guess I better get going.
Here is the map.
Where do you wish to go?
Amazing.
Okay.
One more, come on, come on, come on.
We violated the map.
One more, a quick one, a quick one.
Oh, I have to click play.
I forgot to click play.
Wow.
That music.
That sword noise.
According to this video, he was playing the crisscross video game.
He's like jumping a lot.
That was just amazing.
This is why that game is not recognized as part of the Zelda universe.
I don't know, did you play Majora's Mask?
Majora's what?
Yeah.
Majora's ass.
Um, yeah.
So, also in Bomani news this week, we can talk about this.
This is big news.
This has all the kids excited.
2DX Night Style is location testing.
Need more tech.
I love the look on his face.
Some of the songs that are going to be in 2DX9 style.
That still makes me laugh.
I have to find the link to that page.
They have it?
I'm going, I'm trying that.
But there was another, there was another site that also had, there's a site, the Japanese site that had all the 8th style location tests that has it too and I don't remember where that's at.
Newbie Monty Muse, I am two seconds behind Rob on Legend of Max.
Um... Shit, I don't... I don't remember where that one site was, the Japanese site.
It's not coming up.
It's called Jamie Orgasm.
Let's see.
Power Dream by Pink Pong.
That'll be interesting.
Rotel the Mercury instead of Rotel the Sun.
They're going through the whole solar system.
That'll be beautiful.
Sampling Masters Aya, Sampling Masters Mega.
Emotion 2003.
Emotion 2003, which is EOS remixed by Taka.
But I thought Taka did the Emotion remix that's in Core.
Beatmania Core.
Well, that was also called Romantic.
So it might be the same damn song for all we know.
Good Cool featuring Andrea L. Hopkins called Your Body New Naoki Underground song called Prelude Akira Yamoka with a song that's in Japanese I think it's called Body or that's the genre is Body
Lion something.
No new Orange Lounge song in 2DX9 style, which is kind of spooky.
There is Abyss the Heavens mix, remixed by Ryu, the guy that won the remix contest back then, who did Star Mine.
I believe he has a new song in this also.
Ryu has a new song?
I didn't see that listed.
I thought, I don't know, I looked the list really quickly.
Yeah, chat room's kind of making some observations, like there's a lot of collaborations.
Oh, Arcadian's got it, it's Lion Suki.
That's it.
No new Orange Lounge song listed as of yet, but if I remember right, with 8 styles test, the Orange Lounge song didn't show up until after... It didn't show up until later.
I want Pocky.
There was also two different ones.
There was Sampling Masters, Aya, and... Right.
I guess those are... Aya, whatever.
Aya, Aya.
Tomato, tomato.
Didn't give a fuck.
Anyways, let's see here.
Healing Hardcore?
What the fuck is that?
Also, I wanted to show you guys this.
There's some pictures that I wanted to show you guys.
Um...
And I saw pictures on the, where I saw them first was the DJ Trunks Owned You board, which is a fun little site.
And let's see, where was that thread on NightStyle?
Here it is.
And I'll post this link in the chat room for all you folks.
Alright, here we go.
There's some screenshots of NightStyle right there.
Again, it's very blue and orange.
It's got like the space station theme here.
It's kind of interesting.
But look at this.
What do these look like?
Looks like E-cards.
They look like E-cards.
Because they say E on the bottom.
That's the whole... Okay, how much do you want to bet?
And you heard this here first.
There will be E-cards for Xtreme 2.
Oh, for the new DDR?
Whatever it is?
Oh, I'll bet you there will be new E-cards.
In fact, it will get rid of the whole memory card thing.
It seems to be the way where Konami's going.
Between Guitar Freaks and Pop Music I have this feeling that they're going to bring out some type of reader With your Playstation 2 or whatever That reads those cards You know another system they tried to do that with?
The Neo Geo Where the old NBS units You could take a card and put it on your Neo Geo system at home I've actually got the Neo Geo with the slots open on it I just haven't found a machine with working NBS slots All of our slots are wide open
You said it, not me.
Well, isn't that special?
I think now is a good time for us to take a quick break, and we're going to come back and do the FUs of the week.
We have to play that one promo.
One promo.
Oh, yes.
Right.
We'll play that when we come back.
So, if you want to send it in over private message right now, the FUs of the week, you can send them over PM to me in the chat room.
Hi, I'm Sky.
And to get to our chat room, just go to KaliBamani.com, click on Orange Lounge, then click on Chat.
It's just that simple.
We'll take a quick break.
We're going to start it off with... Start off with something from 8Style.
We're going to play...
Play some TAC.
I only have the long mix of abstract.
Is that cool?
You want to hear A?
Okay, we're going to play some A songs.
We're going to play abstract, the radical mix, and then we'll play A, and then we'll be right back with the FUs of the week.
So send those over private message right now to me.
Thanks for watching!
Thanks for watching!
Thank you.
Mr. Random Person on the Street, who, by the way, is not an actor, what do you think of the Orange Lounge by Money Music and More show?
The music is like being transported to just this dancing spaceship place.
It's...
on Earthly.
It's like being at a club, except you don't have to, you know, actually ask someone to dance.
And we're back.
That sounds like a guy who must have been part of Heaven's Gate or something, talking about going to spaceships and shit.
We're having fun opening Ramune.
Ramune!
I don't have, uh... Rito!
Ramune!
Ramune!
Ramune.
Ramune.
Um...
Rob's a hick.
Top Romany.
Hunky.
Hunky Rob.
Okay.
All right, kids.
Should we do the FUs of the week now?
No, because Jamie has to go watch her ass.
Dark Child wanted to know where that promo's from.
That was that little clip where the guy's talking about dancing on spaceships.
That's from a movie.
Do you remember the name of the movie?
Somebody entered it into some San Francisco film festival.
It was in San Francisco.
It was somewhere back east, like Rhode Island or some crap like that.
Delaware, I don't know.
Anyways, it was on the KOA site.
I don't know where it's at right now, but yeah.
Okay.
Alright.
Okay.
Are we ready for the end of the week now?
No, I heard... Okay, really quickly.
Sure.
It has to be really quick.
Sure.
Oh, and watch the board.
Hey!
Hey!
I heard there was a rumor going around about Karaoke Karaoke Revolution.
Yeah, that's also listed on EB's site if I'm not mistaken.
It was either on EB's site or the... Yeah, so... Now, there was that...
There was that E3 press release that came out a couple weeks ago that started all these rumors because it said Konami will have you dancing and playing outdoors and singing in 2003.
And that kind of made people go, what does that mean?
And as far as I thought, I figured that meant that they were probably just going to bring karaoke mode back into DDR.
You remember in third mix, you'd have the lyrics on the screen?
So you two could sit at home and go, Oh Nick, please not so quick.
You know I want it big.
That would be cool to come back though.
Did I go to CyberZone?
No, I've never been to CyberZone.
Okay, like I like karaoke.
You're pretending that I care about karaoke.
I think you just don't admit it.
I just think it'd be awesome for a segment.
Okay, that's all I'm saying.
Blink.
Karaoke is Japanese for tone deaf.
Can we do the fuckies of the week now?
Yeah.
Alright, here we go.
Okay.
Okay, my fight kid of the week goes toward $1hosting.com for having morons for text who don't know that when I say moving to new server, that does mean moving to new host as well.
If I say I'm moving to a server, you know what that means, right?
Okay, everybody knows what moving to a new server means.
Apparently the texts at $1hosting do not.
So they're big moron built stupid heads.
They're monkeys that fling poo at each other.
Okay?
and DuploWeb.
That's a lie.
Okay, I'm sorry.
That's a lie too.
It's not really $1 because you have to pay a membership fee.
So you're not really paying $1 a month.
And then there's DuploWeb.
I should have known better a company named after knockoffs of Legos.
But you know what?
They're out of business and now I can't do anything.
I mean, I probably still upload to my DarkSakura.com space, but I can't move it to new service because my control panel is gone.
They're gone.
And ugh, it pisses me off.
So yeah, I'm pissed.
And then, um... Yeah, I'm done.
My angst is somewhat worn off.
Oh, it's my turn.
Okay.
Um... Mostly petty stuff this week.
Um... Big F you...
Okay, big F for you, Warner Brothers, because I don't like you anymore, because you didn't give me a full screener for the Animatrix, you gave me some fucking trailer that I downloaded off the internet the week before, and also the fact that you're releasing The Matrix Reloaded on May 15th and not last Friday, and the fact that, um, um, you suck.
Yeah, Warner Brothers, they suck ass.
There's one more reason why I hated them, but I can't remember what it is offhand.
Yeah, because they smell.
and um, let's see, there's also a big FDU for um, stupid people in Scandia, because that's so generic, and um, um, stupid spammers, and, come on, I, spammers, you jackass, spaniards, what fucking problem is
Oh, let's see.
Oh, oh, oh!
And also to the core, because that movie sucked ass and should have never been made, and it was a waste of time for anyone that went there.
In fact, that movie probably slurred your soul, so, um... Then why did you go?
I didn't go.
Oh.
Ha ha ha ha ha!
Ha ha!
Yes, I didn't go, but I can still bitch about it.
Um...
Also a big FU to New Line for releasing Kangaroo, or that stupid Kangaroo move, Kangaroo Jack.
Captain Jack.
See, now that would have been more entertaining if it was Captain Jack running around in the Outback and shooting people.
Well, if it was Captain Jack, there would have been a wet t-shirt contest in there.
Yeah, exactly.
God damn it for making the Matrix Reloaded look so cool and having me wait.
and the fact that the Matrix Reloaded is coming out at the same time E3 is and so if we get tickets to E3 I'm not gonna be able to see it even though I bought tickets for it already!
You'll be able to scalp those tickets.
But I wanna go see the movie!
Now!
It'll be there when you get back, okay?
E3's not gonna be there.
It'll be all over the internet.
I want to see the movie opening day!
I want to see it opening day!
I already bought tickets!
Because he is one of those geeky guys who dresses like Neo.
I set that one up for you perfectly though.
You're welcome.
So I have the glasses and the trench coat, so sue me.
Did you see his Dynamite Rave routine at SCAT?
Did you see it?
Did all two seconds of it.
I don't really have that much this week.
I was pissed off during the week and then I just slowly cooled off.
I hate that.
See, fuck off shows will be awesome when we move because I'll be able to spout off my dislike for society on a daily basis.
Alright, I'm done.
My FU of the week goes out to Pokemon Ruby.
Because ever since I bought that game, I can't stop playing it!
And I feel like really immature.
But you know what?
It's fun.
How many Pokemon are in that one?
Like, about 200.
It's a lot.
Really quickly, this will only take a second.
F you to the press because they don't realize that all these Iraqi children that are killed in the street are probably from all the gunshots that people are firing in celebration of the fact that the regime is over.
They don't realize that bullets go up and then they come down.
Why are all my children dead?
I do not know!
So... Right, um...
They fire off a gun and there's birds falling everywhere.
Squirrels.
Little Iraqi suicide bombing squirrels.
You know, I came up with a good idea for your Pokemon thing.
It was if, like, they had, like, a fighting game where the Pokemon actually had to fight each other.
Pokemon Stadium!
No, like, to the death.
And, like, there would be three, there would be, like, different, yes, there would be, like, different classes.
There would be adults, and then little ones, and then there are some of them.
Yeah, like, you know how you have, like, Pikachu becomes Raichu, and that's all they have, but then there's ones where it's, like, Squirtle, and then I forget what he turns into after that, and then he becomes Blastoise.
Wow.
Yeah, Wartortle Anyways, there's one more thing really quickly They're releasing a live version of Battle Angel Battle Angel Remember the cybernetic chick that fights people and shit?
A live action version Are they basing it off of a comic?
Yes The comic's ruled Alright, I didn't really have any FUs of the week outside of that So I guess I'm done Let's go around the room and hear from everyone else Zero
Okay, I actually have a couple.
Not a whole lot, and this is the worst music to choose.
What a feeling!
Anyways.
No, um, okay.
One of them I realized at Art and Fair Mall.
To the stupid bastards who can't wash their hands after they go to the bathroom.
I don't want to touch the fucking door handle after you touched it.
I don't want your lemon juice all over my head.
Um, and for the stupid... I don't give a shit what it is, it's fucking gross.
And then, like...
No, and then the next thing is, for the people who made those stupid hand dryers, make them warmer or something, because make them actually fucking work.
You're not reading the directions, it says rub your hands together, it works, trust me.
No, you know what those hand dryers are for?
You have those in the men's restroom, you want to know why?
So they don't have to restock paper towels for us.
The women have paper towels.
They also have nice mirrors, nice toilets.
Everything's clean.
Because the women are... See, have you been in the women's bathroom at Arden Fair Mall?
I'm sorry, the whole place smells like... It smells like urine and it's full of the dumbest people in the universe.
And there's water everywhere.
And, like, another FU goes to the whole Pokemon thing.
It needs to die and die quickly.
It's gone on way too long.
Followed by, um, yeah, that stupid Beyblade, because that sucks, too, and Yu-Gi-Oh!
Yeah, bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Magic cards were cool, like, I don't know, ten years ago, or whenever they came out, and, um... Exactly!
Stop rehashing old cartoons!
They weren't good, they... Oh!
Oh!
Oh, I mentioned a statement.
Never mind, that's alright, that's fine.
Oh, one more thing, uh, F you to Konami for not releasing the DDR stream, because I'm certainly bored of DDR streams.
I'm getting bored.
My other F.U.
of the week goes toward not having money because there's certain things that I need.
I need a tablet, a graphics tablet for my computer.
I need a light table to use for my art.
I cannot find... Where do I get non-photo blue pencils?
I need non-photo blue pencils.
I know where you can get money for that stuff.
Come to Camhar.
Put it on a wish list.
What?
No, you should do what those people do on the internet, like the ones who say, help me pay my bills.
And people send them like five bucks, just tell people, help me, help me make my comic.
Help me, help an aspiring, you know, comic artist.
The thing is, is that my, my comic's gonna be all fucked up anyway.
Hello?
I guess fucked up comics sell.
Well, that's the whole point.
I don't know, would anyone in here buy it if I, like, published it?
I'd buy it.
because I like your writings as it is.
You should make a comic of it.
Well, my other big fuck you goes toward not having a proper drafting table and illumination because once I scan in all the stuff that I've drawn, I see all this crap that I missed because I don't have the proper light to do any of it.
So, yeah, fuck not having a drafting table with a built-in light.
F you to not having money, okay?
I have to get a fucking costume ready for the damn...
and I have no money.
We're going thrift store shopping.
I know.
I found out the perfect idea for the number two.
We'll talk about that later.
I figured it out.
Actually, he helped me figure it out later.
Anyways, I'm done with my FU because just fuck that.
No.
Some of us other people have fuck you's too.
Okay.
Fuck you then.
No, don't fuck both of us.
Anyway.
Okay, come on, continue.
Is Anita up next?
You should get the PS2 version.
I don't have room, but I could try.
It's not the same.
Hey, it's fine.
You can be even stupider in your own house instead of out in the game with a bunch of people.
Okay.
Well, this leads into my next Fuck You of the Week, which is Fuck You to Milpitas Golf Land, because they have... Okay.
Disney Mix, that stupid Disney DDR.
I hate that game because...
Let her finish.
So anyway, um, oh, I had one more from Milpitas, I forgot what it was.
Oh, what's that place we went to with all the video games and the alcohol?
Dave and Buster's.
Fuck you to Dave & Buster's for not having any bimani.
Dave & Buster's doesn't have any bimani?
None!
What?
But they have alcohol.
They have alcohol.
They have pump it up.
That's it.
Do they have horse crack at Dave & Buster's?
They have horse crack.
Drinking and playing horse crack.
Drinking and playing horse crack is pretty cool.
Why do they call it horse crack?
I thought it was Derby Owners Club or something like that.
It is Derby Owners Club, yes.
But yeah, but no bimani around really sucks.
So anyway, those are my fuck you's of the week.
Thank you very much.
Hook me up.
I'm next.
I have a quick one.
Give me a different song.
Don't say no to me.
I own you.
Hit and slap on Vilemix.
Okay, whatever.
Okay, my fuck you goes to, I know this is like an old one or whatever, but people on the internet who don't want to label files correctly when they're sharing on PCPs and stuff, I downloaded a 712 megabyte file yesterday, and I've got DSL and it should go fast, but it's on Kazaa, so it was going at like, at the fastest 20.
Anyway, it took like a day to do.
I tried to install it, it's
Return to Castle Wolfenstein, and it's supposed to be Grand Theft Auto Vice City.
I was like, yeah, yeah, exactly, wait, wait, I was like, exactly, Return to Castle Wolfenstein, fine, I'll play that.
It gets all the way through the installation to 99%, this file is corrupt, please download it again.
I'll give you that, King.
Cool, hey, make a picture of it.
That will teach you to pirate software, little boy.
You haven't come out for the PC yet.
Yeah, you tell us.
But there are, like, really great videos out there.
Ah, that's what you get for trying to get that.
See, I had the same thing where I tried to get Lord of the Rings 2, and I got Sorority Boys.
I loved Sorority Boys all the goddamn time.
Sorority Boys was, like, everywhere for a while.
Like, any movie you downloaded was Sorority Boys.
We're going to have an evil time when Battle Royale 2 is out.
What was the other one?
Oh, there was another one I tried out a little bit, I said it was GTA Vice City, and it was like, uh, some, it wasn't porn, but it was like some kiddie game.
It was like Mavis Beacon 2003 or something.
Mavis Beacon's the shit, I'm sorry.
That's how I learned to type.
I already know how to type, I learned how to type from playing on IRC.
God, not type on Mavis Beacon.
You're gay, dude.
If you didn't get that, Zero says Mavis Beacon is a 250-pound black woman.
Is she really?
Mavis Beacon is the Oprah of computers.
Oprah's not 250 pounds.
She was.
Maybe her breasts are.
You know what's really, really, really scary?
She's going to be posing nude.
No.
Yes, serious.
She was looking for the right photographer.
I guess the one who can shave off 300 pounds off of her, but...
Oh, really?
This week?
For a lady of her age, she looks pretty good.
She's like 50-something.
Or about 50, I don't know.
But the point is, we don't need to see her naked.
I don't want Dr. Phil jacking off to her magazine.
Oprah needs to gain 200 pounds and stay there because Fat Oprah's cool.
She was in the color purple and she kicked ass.
Fat Oprah good, skinny Oprah bad.
Hey, hey, hey, it's Rad Oprah!
I have determined that people lose personality when they lose weight.
They lose IQ, too.
They turn into hoes and lose IQ.
Let's get through the last two people FUs in here, please.
Okay, my FU time.
Fuck you!
Not me.
I have two fuck yous.
One is to Zelda, the Wind Waker, okay?
It's an awesome game.
Fuck you for having Zelda.
I don't even have it.
I can't get it because they're out of stock everywhere I go.
Fuck you for telling him to fuck off because he has Zelda.
Yeah.
Anyway, fuck you to Zelda because the story was so incredibly cool.
I won't spoil the ending for any of you, but if you play it, you'll know what I mean, I think.
Link wins.
Link does not win.
Like I said, I'm not spoiling it for anything.
I'm taking the mic away!
Anyway, so fuck you to Zelda, because you'll see what I mean when you play it.
Yeah, and the fact that Link looks like a monkey.
And especially fuck you to that little kid with the booger hanging out his nose on your home island.
My second fuck you is fuck you to the world for not giving me anything to complain about this week except Zelda.
I mean, my god, I'm actually happy this week, and that's not okay!
Fuck you to this week.
Because it seems like everyone who normally has lots of fuck you's has lame fuck you's because they're too goddamn fucking happy.
Yeah, Jamie's were cool though.
Alright, let's see what the chatroom has to say.
Let's get into the chatroom.
Fuck the chatroom.
No, we're going to do the chatroom fuck you's now.
Here we go.
USFVB would like to say, fuck you to whoever decided that POWs are heroes.
What the fuck?
If you're a prisoner of war, that means you fucked up.
That was very politically incorrect.
Fuck you.
That was more politically incorrect than anything Loki's ever said.
Who said that fuck you?
Who said that fuck you?
What's the screen name of who said that fuck you?
USFBB.
USFBB?
All right, well, what the fuck is that?
Fuck you.
POWs are fucking the shit.
Do you know what kind of hell they have to go through?
They fucking get tortured and all this shit.
They are fucking heroes because they made it back alive.
But that's because I'm an ex-military guy, so... I swear to God it's only irony that I have this background song.
I didn't plan that.
Wow, okay, Ness151 says, FUs to me being poor and not being able to play DDR anymore.
No tokens equal no life.
Get a hookup at Golflands of Scandia, then you won't have to pay for tokens.
Remember that we're an international show, so they don't have Golflands of Scandias everywhere.
They should.
Alright, Mooheimer says, fuck Xenon for having such sucky easy steps.
Fuck people for sucking and people all PMS-y.
Fuck Coalition, is that Coalition?
I have no idea.
Coalition dates that you barely know who are friend of friends who don't leave you the fuck alone all night like they own you.
It was so bad, in fact, that I had to ponder using the I'm gay approach to get her the fuck away from me.
You know, I just have to say this over air.
What?
Jamie, you have a little bit of drool on the right side.
It's God.
It's Orgel.
It's Orgel.
No, we don't need free web space, we actually need to be on our good space Someone who needs free web space, try my server in my friend's closet
Dark Tetsuya would like to say, fuck being single and not having enough nerve to talk to the ladies.
Just do it.
Screw saying... Here's two balls.
Here, have them.
He won't talk to ladies?
Is that what it was?
I X'd out of it already.
I think it was... This is going to be Jamie being a bitch.
And please forgive me for being a bitch.
Get over it.
Just go out there and do it and stop feeling sorry for yourself.
Yeah, you know what?
That brings me to a fuck you I can remember.
I'm going to say it now.
I'm going to just jump in on these chat room ones.
Fuck you, VOG.
VOG, come on, man.
You had DD Alcoholic go up and pimp a chick for you.
Get some fucking balls, man.
It's just a girl.
Hey, hey, hey.
Best advice ever.
You want to talk to women?
Go to a fucking strip club because they're forced to come talk to you.
Okay?
And they will carry on a conversation for long hours and you don't have to pay them shit.
Okay?
They'll just come talk to you and then after you get done the conversation, they're like,
Do you want to laugh at this?
Uh, no.
See, it's perfect.
You only spend initial, like, $20 to get in, but talking to strippers is awesome, and you'll just totally get over the whole fact that you're, like, intimidated by women because they're really hot.
Or you could go to, like, a hospital, to ER, where people are stuck there laying in their hospital beds and can't get away.
Oh, my God.
It's because when you're talking to hot, like, retarded women, it's not very, you know, intimidating.
When you're talking to hot, intelligent women, that's when I'm intimidated.
You must be going to the city limits, man, because fucking, fucking A, dude.
Well, Showgirl's awesome, or Pure Gold, or wherever the fuck.
Centerfold, that's it, Centerfold.
Okay, fuck yous, next, please.
Alright, Snub Dissonoid likes to say, fuck you to the cat penis sucking, tree hugging, weed smoking hippies that thought it would be a very cool idea to take a perfectly good FD RX-7 twin turbo, rip out the motor, and slam in some weak ass electric piece of shit motor.
How fucking dumb can you be?
You take a rare, special, and very fast sports car and you turn it into some fucking tree hugger beacon that radiates pure shit.
Fuck you.
Also, fuck you to this thing.
And he gives a couple flash things that I'm not going to look up right now.
Fuck you to the people who made those for not giving out any warnings to people who have heart problems.
I don't personally, but those could either A, kill fat people, or B, scare the holy living shit out of kids.
Maybe some people, not even kids.
I mean, those are just kind of fucked up.
There's some fucked up flashes that I'm not looking at right now.
Angel would like to say F you to whatever sickness everyone is getting, because I caught a bit of it too earlier in the week.
F you to Magus being away, and yeah, I'm better now.
By the way, I haven't gotten sick yet.
Just letting everyone know.
For those who think it's SARS, I mean, that's pretty fucked up because we'd all be dead.
Hold on.
Little fact about SARS.
All the people, there's been like 400 something people who've gotten SARS, only like 12 of them have died.
But all the people who got SARS, it's been from traveling to somewhere else.
None of the actual disease or whatever it is, hasn't been from people sitting in their own house or going to like clubs or stuff.
You have to go to somewhere where it's been, you know.
Like people, somebody flew into LA and that's how somebody in LA got it.
Anyway.
Anyway.
The point is, it's not SARS because I know a lot of people who've gotten sick and they all got better within about three or four days.
Fuck you for being way too serious.
God damn, it was a fucking joke.
Well, it's because my better half is very sick right now and it would suck if that was SARS, okay?
It wouldn't be a funny laughing matter.
Has Irene been to Hong Kong lately?
You know we're right, okay.
That was my point.
Japan Man would like to say...
Back to FU's.
A Japan man would like to say, fuck Norton antivirus.
I've updated my definitions five times now.
Must be a virus.
Fuck my computer.
Its record was six deaths in ten minutes, I think.
Fuck this arcade worker girl.
Press the damn button to fix the screen and put a bra on.
Can you stand on them?
And fuck flat-faced on it.
I have no idea.
Okay.
SkylineDC505 says, F you to hormones.
Nuff said.
Mm-hmm.
Shadow would like to say, right now, the only FU I have right now, I hate not being able to find a nice, quiet place with my girlfriend.
Fuck people for being around to nose around and spoil the mood.
Until you go to your house.
You live in a damn forest!
Shit, man!
Go somewhere!
Trees!
Trees!
I mean, there's roads that go nowhere.
The roads that parallel each other.
The forest!
VidPower, last FU, VidPower would like to say FU to my computer for not booting up Windows XP correctly, FU to my monitor being all screwy whenever I turn on my computer, and FU to turning in homework during spring break.
All right, FUs are over, yay.
Now would be an excellent time.
I think now we're going to talk about the Orange Lounge cage match.
Yay.
Yay.
Last week, last week in the Orange Lounge Radio Cage Match, quite a controversy breaks out over the song that won, which was a band called Freeze Pop, with a song called Science Genius Girl, and that was the song they did in Frequency.
And, uh, Zero and Tao, Shivam, got into it.
And, uh, I made them hug when it was all over.
Did you like that, Rob?
It turned me on.
A little bit of man-on-man action there.
Did you join in?
No, I did not join in.
Okay, as for that whole little argument we got in, we were actually talking in IRC, and I admitted that, yeah, I do like some freeze-flop songs, but I absolutely can't stand that, and we made up and we're friends again.
Aw.
You made out in your friends again?
Yeah, you made out in your friends again.
Alright.
Here's a clip of... Sorry, Xerox.
Here's a clip of last week's winner.
Remember, you can vote for three songs.
You can vote for the song that won last week or one of the two new songs.
And this winning song goes into rotation on Orange Lounge Radio's Bomani Music and More program.
Alright.
Here we go.
Last week's winner.
Here's a clip.
Freeze Pop, Science Genius Girl here on Orange Lounge Radio.
It will be a member of my band It will be a member of
I'm sorry, we were out just then.
We had dead air just there.
I had the stuff muted because people were talking over that last one.
You're gonna have to introduce the song again real fast.
Sorry about that.
Okay, let me run the title through one more time, because I need to give actually the name of the mix.
It's Eminem mixed by DJ Tripp.
It's Without Me, Dark Side of the Force mix.
And where did you find this?
Well, he brought the CD with it over to my house, and I ripped it.
DJ Tripp is one of my fianc's good friends, and he's a DJ in Santa Cruz.
And apparently his stuff's been played on Quad locally before.
And usually we don't care for Eminem, but this is a remix.
Alright, here we go.
This is Eminem mixed by DJ Tripp with Without Me.
I created a monster, cause nobody wants to see Marcel no more, they want Shady, I'm top livin' Well if you want Shady, this is what I'll give ya A little bit of weed mixed with some hard liquor, some vodka that'll jumpstart my heart We'll get in a shock when I get stopped at the hospital by the doctor when I'm not cooperating When I'm rockin' at table while he's operating You waited this long to stop debating, cause I'm back, I'm on the rag and ovulating I know that you got a job, Miss Chaney, but your husband's heart problem's complicating So the FCC won't let me be, you'll let me be me, so
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
You said for me, now this looks like a job for me So everybody just follow me Cause we need a little controversy Cause it feels so empty without me I said this looks like a job for me So everybody just follow me Cause we need a little controversy Cause it feels so empty without me A biscuit, a tasket, I will sit the task with Anybody who's talking this shit, that shit Chris Kirkpatrick, you can get your ass kicked Worse in the middle than biscuit bastards And Moby, you can get stoned
36-year-old boy had a bag load.
You don't know me, it's too old, let's go, it's over.
Nobody listen to techno, now let's go.
Just give me the signal, I'll be there with a hold.
It's full of new insults, I've been don't.
Suspenseful with a pistol ever since Prince turned himself into a symbol.
But sometimes it just seems everybody only wants to discuss me.
So this must mean I'm disgusting.
But it's just me, I'm just a scene.
Alright, that was Eminem remixed by DJ Trip, a song called Without Me.
Now we go around the room and see what everyone thought.
Jamie?
I...
Personally, I mean, I more or less really like it just because he's a cool guy, you know, he's a fan friend.
That, I look at the overall presentation, because if you think about it, a lot of what, you know, rap that you hear nowadays is just, you know, more of the same specific stuff, so I think it's kind of neat to hear it done a little differently, and I like how it flows together, so, you know.
I give it a 9, personally.
Alright, Zero?
Actually, I am really not an Eminem fan at all.
Everybody who knows me knows I absolutely hate him.
But I've actually seen DJ Trip one time in Underground, and I thought he was really good, and everything only gets better from this song.
But on this song, based alone, I give it an 8, because it was done pretty well.
Moving on, Loki.
Okay, I'd like to hear more of his stuff.
I do like Eminem, but that remix was simple.
It was simple.
It was an acapella track.
You take some stuff from the Star Wars soundtrack, and you take a breakbeat, and that's about it.
It was put together a little hastily, it sounds like, and, I mean, it could have been better.
It could have been better.
He could have done some stuff to vocals, you know, maybe remix that a little bit, but it was pretty simple, and it sort of went... It was... Overall, I mean, you gotta have to understand...
Even some of the most simplest stuff works, but I'm going to have to give it a 7.
DDRholic?
Hey, yeah.
I'm going to give it a pretty decent score.
It sounded really cool.
Put together well, as far as I can tell.
I really don't know that much about putting those things together.
But if Loki says it wasn't that difficult, then I'll believe that too.
But what I really like about it is that it put visions in my head of Darth Vader doing hip-hop dancing with the stormtroopers behind him.
And like titles like DJ Vader.
And then the big-tittied girls in the back with the Princess Leia hair going, Oh yeah, baby!
Yeah, with the DJ Vader, Hoochie Mama girls, and the stormtroopers featuring...
DJ Jazzy, Emperor Jeff, and you know, all that kind of stuff.
And then the octopus-headed race doing stuff.
I haven't seen the part two yet.
Blue Nose Guy.
The guy with the blue nose playing the synth and doing scratching in the background.
Oh, the band from Jabba the Hutt.
Yeah.
Yeah, the Blue Nose Guy.
They look like an elephant thing.
Yeah, so, you know, I could have maybe done a little bit more with it, added some stuff to it, but it was pretty neat.
I liked it.
I'll call it an 8.
I'll give it an 8.
Alright.
As for me, I don't like Eminem, and I don't like Star Wars.
I think they're two of the most overrated things in modern American culture.
But, when they come together, it's not so bad.
That really wasn't that bad.
I kind of like it, actually.
It's better than the original track.
The music in Star Wars was actually always pretty good.
It's just the movies I don't like.
So, seven and a half, overall.
So two wrongs make a right.
Yeah, so two wrongs in this case do make a right, yes.
Three less do.
Alright, that's what we have to say on Eminem mixed by DJ Trip without me.
Now, Loki, what did we hear last?
We get to hear a song by this group called Hamperberg.
I was introduced to this song by our friend Eric, Punk Knight, and it's called Duck Toy, and you'll see why.
I'm very scared, but here it is.
This is Hamperberg with Duck Toy.
Enjoy.
I want it, I need it, oh yeah, I want it
All right, that was Hamperberg with Duck Toy.
That's the last song you can vote for in tonight's cage match.
Let's go around and see what everyone thought about that one, Jamie.
It gave me a headache.
I mean, it was cool.
It was really neat.
But it gave me a headache.
So, and then there was like, when that woman started talking and making moaning noises, my response was, meanwhile, in another song.
So, yeah, um, I get the, I get the seven.
But it still gave me headaches.
Hi.
Zero?
Okay, as we all stare at the bondage for it, um, I don't know, okay, the beginning of that song sounded like a bad bowel movement.
and then it moved into making me laugh my ass off once the rubber duckie started going and then all of a sudden it just switched songs and started going into a chick started off with something that sounds like you bastard um, all together that song really confused me and it might as well have had the smell of the sound it started with I would give it like a 4
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network,
I wonder if I can make a song with this duck.
I'll make a techno song with this rubber ducky.
I mean, it's just, it was funny.
DDRholic?
I thought it was really funny too.
That's a killer, killer duck.
I don't know who, what kind of, if it was really a duck.
It sounds like a dog toy to me, but it could have been a dog toy duck, whatever.
That song brought to mind erotic imagery of Bert and Ernie, and for that it gets a 6.9.
6.9, what does that mean?
Alright.
That means it's getting some.
You can send in your votes now and here are the three songs you can vote for in tonight's cage match.
Last week's winner, Freeze Pop with Science Genius Girl.
This is Eminem mixed by DJ Trip with Without Me.
and Hamperberg with DuckToy.
All right, you can vote for either one of those three songs right now.
Right freaking now.
Send those votes to me, private message, Sky, in the chat room.
And some folks in the chat room saying all three songs suck this week and they're not voting.
You'll be damn glad I was going to play the Kyle Snyder song again, okay?
That's right, you know what?
I said last week, I wasn't planning on winning that last week.
I didn't think I was going to win with that.
And I said I was going to play the Kyle Snyder song.
You're required to vote, or I will be angry with you.
Uh-oh.
And you don't want me to be angry with you.
Okay?
All right.
We're going to take... Well, I don't really want to take a break, so we need to talk about something else.
Can I break something?
Okay.
I don't have anything to break.
I can't break the bottle lid again.
Zero, do you want to talk about video games?
Do you have a review you want to give us?
Oh, okay.
I can try to throw something together here.
I wasn't fully prepared, but Kingdom Hearts 2 does actually sound decent.
I can't wait to at least see a good demo of it.
What?
Oh, finish Kingdom Hearts?
Okay, I'm almost done.
I just beat Agrabah, but I've been playing The Getaway lately, which is on my review list, even though it's kind of not really a new game.
But, um, I don't know.
The gameplay of that game is cool.
It's kind of sketchy sometimes.
All the character models are really good until they start moving.
When they start moving, it looks like a bad epileptic seizure or something.
Sometimes it's really smooth, and the other times they start doing the whole classic PS1 movies where it's all real blotchy and jittery.
The gameplay is good, the story is good, involving, nor have I ever heard a game use the word fuck so many times in 10 minutes.
It's just fucking this, fucking that, and it's all in an English accent, so either way you'll get to laugh pretty well.
Yeah, they get away.
Some of the mission objectives are kind of hard to understand, you can't understand what the fuck they're telling you to do.
Because you're not speaking English English.
I talked to my friend in the UK, and they said, and I was talking to him, and he's all, I can't understand you, he's all, why don't you speak English?
I said, I am.
You're not.
Anyways.
Another game is, oh yeah, a big one right now.
Automodelista.
I have a couple- Did you just say Automolesta?
Santa Moleste Nente
That means to be good at it, you don't play it.
But you will get annoyed with it very quickly if you don't like the staring.
It's kind of a hit or miss thing.
As for the Xbox, I really don't have anything up my sleeve right now.
I haven't had a chance to play anything.
Save up $200, get Steel Battalion.
$200?
Why don't I just play it at your house?
Steel Battalion will make anyone feel manly.
When you sit in front of this gigantic controller, it makes you feel like you have the world's biggest penis.
as Brad comes in and demonstrates um yeah another one for those of you who haven't played Xenos Saga go pick it up because you'll enjoy it there are really no good fighting games out right now except for all the classics um GameCube games still play Zelda it's a good quality game you'll kind of laugh at first when you see all the little cartoony figures and stuff um
Let's see, Metroid Prime, still play it, even if you haven't.
That's about it for right now until I start playing more.
Now that I have a job, I'll be able to actually play more games.
But I gotta go over to your house and play games at your house because you have a bunch.
And then more of you need to play Phantasy Star Online with me and Rob.
Yes, and I need to get my broadband adapter thing back.
And I'll be able to play it as Rob's character when we move in.
Yeah, you can put up to four characters on one card.
My character for Phantasy Star Online looks like she's 12 and has these big pink pigtails.
Bless you.
I thought you were going to say big pink boobs, sorry.
That's you.
But next week, this week I have a few games that I'm going to get a hold of and play and see what they do.
So next week, or whatever week we do it again, I'm going to have a lot better of a review.
Still play Clock Tower 3.
If you haven't played Clock Tower 3, I'm going to come and like... Well, I'm not going to play it, but I just want to see all the cutscenes.
I'm going to send that little bloody girl over to kill you.
Because, you know, she was from Battle Royale and she'll kill you.
If anyone's ever seen the actual article for it, it's got the survivor of the first game.
I will send her over to kill you.
Because she's pretty hardcore.
Yeah, and she has that creepy smile.
And she has a bear.
Or a little doll.
And you know, every movie where they have dolls, they're always the biggest killers.
So, yeah, I can't wait.
I'm gonna have a doll.
It's gonna be the Loki doll.
It's gonna be a monkey.
They're like, Monkey, kill him.
Once again, I'd like to remind our listeners that probably in about a month or so, we're going to be running a Battle Royale tabletop style game over IRC.
You will have stats.
We'll have the details published somewhere soon, possibly on DarkSakura.com.
You still have to teach me how to play so I can join in.
Everyone will have to learn how to play.
We're making up the rules.
Okay, good.
Then you'll have to teach me.
I win.
No, you don't win.
I will go ahead and reveal a couple of little tiny things that aren't major secrets.
Can I be the guy?
You know the guy that does the thing?
You will be allowed to have a proficiency, but some proficiencies will be assigned, and one of the proficiencies is lucky bitch power.
Yeah, and Dark Child and I will actually be playing a lot of games this week.
He's kind of like the other guy behind my reviews and such.
So this week we'll try to at least get eight games and try to run them and see what happens.
And that's all I got right now, but next week will be better.
I have a review for Dracula X for the PC Engine Duo.
Best game ever.
Go save up the $300 and buy it.
I have a review for E.T.
for the 2600.
Best game ever.
Yeah.
I have a five word review for that.
Actually, no, an eight word review.
Ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass.
Ooh, Jamie likes the ass.
I have two words for you.
Attack.
That's it.
Wait, for the new E.T.
coming out, the best part is, it's not out.
But it will be.
The best part will be when you don't turn on your console to play it.
Okay, I think now's a good time to take a break.
Yeah.
All right.
All right, this break, since the last break we did all these songs that start with A, I thought it would be only appropriate to do songs that start with X, Y, and Z. Anal sex.
So here we go.
We'll be right back.
Anal sex.
Thanks for watching!
Thanks for watching!
Alright, we're setting up now for Orange Lounge match game we're going to play tonight.
But we have to jot down some questions really fast and get all the celebrities prepped.
And we have to get some contestants.
So, the contestants that will be playing match game tonight will be the first two folks in the chat room who can answer me this question.
Alright, Jamie's going to get good because I don't.
What is Jamie's favorite shooting game?
No, that's stupid.
Will people be able to get that though?
Yes, because I've said it a bajillion times.
What's your question?
Who's the artist that did Dead End?
And the actual artist, not Naoki.
Okay, so you have to answer both those questions.
A. Who is the artist that did Deadline?
Dead End A. Who is the artist that did Dead End, not Deadline?
That's question A. And B. What is Jamie's favorite shooter?
She's said it a million times on this show.
If we don't have anyone that gets A and B right, I think A is a little easier, so we'll use A as the answer and B as a tiebreaker.
So, Jamie's favorite shooter and the artist that did Dead End.
Alright.
And in the meantime, we're going to play a nice little song to prep us all for match game.
And that song will be Dr. Bombay, because this show needs help.
And I think this is also an inside joke with Jamie and Maren right now.
At least I pick up on that.
It's not?
It has nothing to do with it.
But I mean, the name of the song, if you say it as a word, does.
A little bit of dual meaning.
Dr. Bombay
Thank you for watching!
Orange Lounge Radio.
We put your thing down, flip it, and reverse it.
This server made a bit of money, yeah, number... This server made a bit of money, yeah, number...
All right, we are back, and let's get to the winner of the match, or not the match game, we don't know that yet, but the winner of the cage match tonight, sad but true, you voted DuckToy as the winner of tonight's cage match.
Oh, boy.
Let's just say that again.
That sounds like some strange Vietnamese soup.
DuckToy, I want DuckToy.
That's okay, because I can bring the other Freeze Pop song next week.
Alright.
Okay, so now let's talk about contestants for match game.
Nobody got both questions right.
Right, but we have people that got one right, and we have people that got the other one right, but nobody got them both right.
So, first off, the person who got Jamie's favorite shooter question correct, Jamie.
What's the favorite shooter?
Shooter.
Shooter.
Shooter.
Radiant Silvergun.
First of all, for you people who try to name Doom and Hexen, those are first-person shooters.
Those are not shooting games.
Those are first-person shooters.
There's a difference.
A shooter is like Gradius or Parodius or Radiant Silvergun.
And R-Type.
R-Type's awesome.
But Radiant Silvergun is my favorite shooting game.
Followed closely by Osha Berry Parodius.
So Dark Tetsuya was the only one to name Radiant Silvergun as Jamie's favorite shooter, so he's in by default.
So, we have Dark Tetsuya versus, and we decided to eliminate all the people that put Hexen in Doom, because that was a pretty good amount of people.
And we were left with somebody who said Gradius, which is kind of like Parodius.
Well, Parodius is a parody of Gradius.
But, oh well, you win by default, so Justin Circuit is contestant number two.
And no one got N and S?
A lot of people got N and S. I was talking all the people who, a lot of people got N and S. What's funny is Dark Tetsuya, that's the one question he didn't get.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Celebrity number one, tell us who you are.
And what are you here to plug this week?
Contestant number two, say hello.
Your mom And what are you here to plug this week?
Likes cheese Alright, contestant number three, what is your name?
Hello And what are you here to plug this week?
Iraqi Suicide Baby Fun Contestant number four, say hello Hi Rob, how are you?
What's your name?
Kyle Schneider And what are you here to plug this week?
Um, cute cell phone danglies.
Alright, contestant number five, say hello.
Actually, you're not a contestant, you're a celebrity.
Celebrity number five, say hello.
I have a penis.
And what are you here to plug this week?
Would you like to have sex with me?
I have to actually think about that, it's been that long.
Alright, celebrity number six.
Oh, you're not participating.
Okay, so we only have five celebrities.
Good, we have an actual amount of celebrities.
Well, you know, because the actual match game had five celebrities, and we do two now tonight.
So.
Oh, wait, you're right, they had six.
My bad.
Well, fuck.
Alright.
Yes, fuck, me right now.
Okay, everybody.
Everybody have what they need to do a match game?
Alright, here we go.
Bend over, I'm sure I can penetrate that chair.
Sweet.
Alright, here we go.
First question.
Norman the Newbie was so new to DDR.
Nude?
No, he was not nude.
Well, maybe.
Well, maybe.
That's how you want to answer the question.
Fine.
Norman the Newbie was so new to DDR that all the regulars were really getting fed up with his antics and wished he would really stop doing the blank every time he played.
Norman the Newbie was so new to DDR that all the regulars were really getting fed up with his antics and wish he would really stop doing the blank every time he played.
Dude, that was like, Kodachi from Ranma.
Alright, once more.
Norman the Newbie was so new to DDR, but all the regulars were really getting fed up with Xantix and wished he would stop doing the blank every time he played.
Okay, are all the celebrities in?
Alright, everybody in?
Everybody in?
Alright, contestants first or celebrities first?
Contestants first.
Okay, here we go.
Dark Tetsuya says, Dark Tetsuya says, Norman the newbie was so new to DDR, but all the regulars were getting really fed up with his antics and really wished he would stop doing the caution drop every time he played.
Justin says,
Norman the Newbie, he was really sick, and wished Norman the Newbie would stop doing the pelvic thrust every time he played.
Alright.
Jamie, what did you say?
It's a Truffle Shuffle.
The Truffle Shuffle!
Zero.
I said that he would quit headbanging to Daiken Kai.
I'm tired of all seeing those damn bastards sit there while they're playing Daiken Kai on Easygoing.
It looked like fucking morons.
That was great radio, by the way.
Yes, I'm sorry.
I was stamping in place and putting the little metal symbol up in the air and headbanging.
It's the stupidest thing in the world, and knock it off.
Alright.
Loki.
I said that he would stop singing with the music, basically, actually not really singing, but making noise to the music, like going, woo, woo, to the whistle song, and clapping at odd times, because, you know, newbies, they don't have rhythm in the first place, so they can't keep up with the song.
They're also, woo, woo, oh.
Yeah, it's like that.
Alright, Anita?
um... well... I don't want to say my... The Watermelon Crawl... I know... I know it's sad... That's fabulous.
Dark Child... Really wish Norman the Newbie would stop... Doing the... Doing the... Coin slot.
It won't fit.
Oh, God.
You know, he might be small enough... He might not have a problem with that...
In-house speakers are down.
All right.
Okay, so... You're rapping cool.
Here we go.
Next question.
It's all tied up.
It's 0-0, everybody.
Let's get to the next question.
Not close enough.
All right.
Next question.
Here we go.
Zero.
Intern Zero.
was so happy when he got his first extra stage on DDR Extreme that he blanked all over the machine.
Zero was so happy when he got his first extra stage on DDR Extreme that he blanked all over the machine.
Porn music, porn music, porn music, porn music, porn music.
He was so happy when he got his extra stage the first time that he blinked all over the machine.
Are all of the celebrities in?
Come on, you live with them, Anita.
No, I have a better one.
Okay.
You got it, Anita?
Yeah.
Okay, all right.
I helped Anita out.
Okay, here we go.
All right, contestant number one, DarkTetsuya, said, Zero was so happy when he got extra stage on DDR Extreme for the first time that he spit propel all over the machine.
Spit propel.
Justin Circuit said, Zero was so happy when he got his extra stage on DDR Extreme for the first time that he blew up all over the machine.
Alright.
I know, that could have a lot of reference.
I think he's trying to go for a gimme.
Jamie.
He was so happy he... Had a violent bowel movement.
Had a violent bowel movement all over the DDR machine.
Amazing.
Hey, Zero.
Zero was so happy.
What did he do to the machine?
I was so happy that I basically shit all over the machine.
He shit all over the machine.
Figuratively shit.
All right, and Loki.
He was so happy that he... There's nothing that has to do with Suicide Babies in this one.
Jeez.
I know my timing.
Okay.
All right.
That he came all over the machine.
There we go.
He came all over the machine.
All right.
Anita.
What did he do?
He was so happy when he got an extra stage that he... Urinated!
Urinated all over the DDR machine.
Okay.
And last celebrity, Dark Child.
He was so happy he... Busted a fat milky nut all over his man juice, coating the machine like a Krispy Kreme glazed donut.
Hold on.
Wait.
Good answer.
Good answer.
I have to respond to that.
Do not defame the Krispy Kremes.
Can you say, like, Bel-Air Donuts or something?
I'm hungry now and I want Krispy Kremes.
I don't want those Krispy Kremes.
New flavor of the month.
Krispy Kreme lemon.
And you know how many they'll sell?
Here's a hint.
It's in his name.
Alright.
Alright, moving on, next question.
Jamie was so excited to walk into game land to find that they had a radiant silver gun machine.
The first thing she exclaimed was, blank.
I'm just gonna... There we go, hi!
Quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack I'm waiting on one more contestant
Just change keys.
Yep.
Jamie was so excited to walk into game land to find that they had a radiant silver gun machine.
The first thing she exclaimed was blank.
Do we have all the contestants in?
Everyone in?
Zero?
I should go last.
Here we go.
Okay, if you want to go last, we'll go last.
Alright.
Alright, here we go.
Uh...
Yes, I know this waiting sucks, but you know what?
That's the way the game worked, too.
And they all, like, fiddled with each other.
Anyway, here we go.
Jamie was so excited to walk into game land to find the Outer Radiance Overgun Machine, the first thing she exclaimed, Justin Circuit says, the first thing she exclaimed was, this game is mine!
Dark Tetsuya said the first thing she exclaimed was, squee!
Alright, here we go, around the room, Jamie wants to go last, so we'll start with zero.
What was the first thing?
Oh, we're gonna go this way, okay, we'll just go in backwards.
Dark Child, first thing she said was, 37?
In a row?
Alright, I got five.
Save that for next week.
Okay, Anita.
First thing she exclaimed was... Beautiful.
Oh my god.
I just made my own Krispy Kreme glazed donut.
What?
I just made my own Krispy Kreme glazed donut.
New promo.
You're welcome.
Wow.
Orange Lunch Radio, it's orgasmic.
Loki, first thing she exclaimed was... This is a hard one.
Squee, of course.
Alright, Squee, so we have a point for Darkatsuya, hooray.
Alright, next up, Zero, first thing she exclaimed was... Why the fuck isn't anybody playing this game?
I actually did think that.
It was sitting there, beautiful.
All alone and for one credit.
So when I went, and I have to hold the microphone away so everyone holds your ears.
Yes.
I went, squee!
Like that.
Okay, uh, I actually made a mistake.
Justin Circuit's answer was actually, because I only saw the part that was in caps.
He actually said, squee, this game is mine.
That was the full answer.
So he actually got a point too.
And they both get two points.
Yes.
So.
But I did a very high pitched squee.
Okay, so we are all tied up at 2-2.
Oh my god, that game is beautiful.
And Ikaruga is going to be out on the GameCube soon.
Alright, two more questions, here we go.
The nudist colony couldn't wait to get Para Para Paradise at their nude arcade.
I don't know if you knew this, but the nudist colony has a nude arcade.
But the arcade owner refused to get it because if I get that game, there will be too much blank.
The nudist colony couldn't wait to get Para Para Paradise at their nude arcade.
But the arcade owner refused to get it because if I get that game, there will be too much blank.
We're playing Orange Lounge Match Game, Bomani Match Game.
Thank you for tuning in to Orange Lounge Radio.
If you want to visit our website, just go to KaliBomani.com and click on Orange Lounge.
And click on Chat to join our chat room.
Alright, we have both of our contestants locked in.
Are all our celebrities locked in?
Nope, still going.
Alright.
Yes, I do need new socks.
Don't look at my feet.
It's not that I need new socks, I need to do laundry.
Moving on.
Okay, is everybody in now?
Yes?
Yes?
Okay, everybody's in.
Here we go.
Nudist Colony couldn't wait to get Para Para Paradise at their nude arcade, but the arcade owner refused to get it because if I get that game, there will be too much, Justice Circuit says, pole dancing.
Too much pole dancing.
Dark Tetsuya says there will be too much.
Humping the coin slots.
Alright, Jamie, what did you say?
Nudist Colony couldn't get it because there will be too much?
Groin stank from sweaty balls.
Groin stank from sweaty balls?
Oh my god.
I now have to save that to put into one of my future stories because I like that reference.
I'm just mentally thrown up.
What?
I've just mentally thrown up.
Okay, but the nudist colony couldn't get it because there will be too much... Old people body parts flopping around.
Old people body parts flopping around.
Loki, I fear this answer.
It says the nudist colony refused to get par par because there's going to be too much... Well, actually, you're going to have to rephrase it because there's going to be too much of a nice fish market smell in the air.
So kind of the reverse of the stank balls answer.
Pubic Stank.
Oh, God.
That's a phrase I never wanted to hear on this show.
It took 40 episodes to hear Pubic Stank on this show.
Thank you.
Oh, God.
Are we in kindergarten?
We're making milestones every minute.
Absolutely.
Well, you know what my original answer was?
My original answer was Flying Snake Grenade.
Pub Stank.
Anita, the nudist colony refused to get Parapara because there would be too much... I don't understand why this is so funny.
There would just be too much testicular dryness.
I mean, this is a very serious subject we're talking about here.
I mean, do you understand the incidence of testicular dryness in this country?
You just don't even know how serious a problem it is.
Anita, I think Anita just wants to volunteer to go over there and lick everyone's balls.
I have testicular dryness.
Yeah.
If you want him to come faster, you need to lick his balls.
Wow.
Wow.
All I can say is wow.
Let's see if we get a match on this last one with Dark Child.
Can I get the sound from Jamie, though?
Yeah, we can.
Okay.
Okay, there will be too much bootleg porn on the internet.
Bootleg porn on the internet.
Good answer, but not a match.
All right.
Here we go.
Last question.
And you know what?
I have a good sense of humor.
I can be self-deprecating because this question is about me.
Rob was surprised that no one at the gay bar knew.
And I don't know why I was at a gay bar.
I just was, okay?
Let's just assume, you know, hey, Rob went to a gay bar.
Robby's still in my Animal Crossing village.
Rob was surprised that no one at the local gay bar knew what DDR was.
He thought the best way to explain it to them was to blank.
Rob was surprised that no one at the local gay bar knew what DDR was.
He thought the best way to explain it to them was to blank.
Say whatever you want.
I don't care.
I've heard it all.
Rob was surprised that no one at the local gay bar knew what DDR was, because DDR is such a gay game.
He thought that the best way to explain it to them was to blink.
One contestant's locked in, I think.
Let me just verify this answer.
Ah, brilliant answer.
I'm waiting on one more contestant.
All right.
Okay, we have both contestants locked in.
Are all our celebrities locked in?
Our fabulous, wonderful celebrities?
It's all tied up, so it's got to come down to this.
Or we're going to have a tie, and there's not enough time for a tiebreaker.
All right, everybody's in.
Okay, here we go.
Justin Circuit says, Rob was surprised that no one at the local gay bar knew what DDR was.
He thought the best way to explain it to them was to undress slowly while on the DDR machine.
Blink.
Except there's no DDR machine at the gay bar, or else I just, wouldn't I just point and say that's DDR?
Whatever.
Alright, DarkTetsuya says, The best way to explain it to them was to grab the nearest chair and start stomping his feet wildly like he's playing Legend of Max.
There we go.
Good answer.
Alright, let's see if it's either one of those two matches.
Jamie, Rob's best way to explain this at the gay bar was to... Propel.
Oh my god.
That was a total, like, EOSFVB answer.
Anyway, it was zero.
The best way to explain it to them was to... Tell them DDR stood for Dick Dick Revolution.
Tell them DDR stood for Dick Dick Revolution.
And with some of the players, that's very true.
In fact, if you go to this one arcade, it's called... Never mind.
That's a match game question for next week.
Loki, Rob thought the best way to explain it to them was to...
Um, was to point out anybody that's doing white boy freestyle.
Point out anybody that's doing white boy freestyle.
Beautiful.
Anita, the best way to explain what DDR was, was to?
Um, I thought the best way was to strip butt naked and country line dance in front of the karaoke machine while playing It's Raining Men.
I did that two weeks ago.
At least that involved nudity, which is exciting.
Dark Child, the best way, I can't wait to hear this, the best way to explain DDR was to shimmy, sashay, pirouette, left cheek, right cheek, blow a kiss, pose.
It's fabulous.
Oh my god!
Everybody wants to know how Dark Child knows this.
Where was that from, Dark Child?
I don't know where it's from, I just came up with it.
Oh, even worse!
It kind of reminds me, I think it's the scene in Drop Dead Gorgeous, but anyway, doesn't matter.
Anyway...
I was just thinking more about Priscilla, Queen of the Desert.
Ah, there we go, yes.
Okay, so it ended in a tie tonight.
Two points for Dark Tetsuya and two points for Justin.
So that means we have no winner.
And do we like it when there's no winner?
No.
Boo.
You suck.
Get better next time.
A big fuck you to all the players who lost.
I like it when no one wins because then we don't have to think of prizes to not give them.
Well, what are some consolation prizes we should give these two for tying?
A box of rice-a-roni, the San Francisco treat.
Ding, ding.
How about their own personal home version of Deep Thick Revolution?
You two will personally get me explaining DDR to you in Anita Fashions.
How about you make them get the next PC version of DDR?
That makes me a sad panda.
They get a hand and a can of Crisco.
And it's time for the jingle.
Ready?
Rice-a-roni, the San Francisco treat.
No, no, no.
By the way, I have to give a public thank you over the air to Sharks Girl for my filler bunny.
I love my... Is the pink one that big in the test tube?
Melody got me my filler bunny for my birthday.
I've just detected a fault in the AE-35 unit.
Ice Queen, final thought?
I need sex.
Dark Child, final thought?
Dark Child is about to die.
And my final thought is also, my final thought is also, I need sex, but not with ice cream.
Um, okay.
The final, final word of the night.
Jamie got it last week.
Final word of the night.
Anita, what is tonight's final word of the night?
Ka-dunk, ka-dunk, yeah!
DUNGEONS AND DRAGONS
Satan's Game Your children, like it or not, are attracted in their weaker years to the occult, and a game like D&D fuels their imagination and makes them feel special while drawing them deeper and deeper into the bowels of El Diablo.
This afternoon, the Dead Ale Wives Watchtower invites you to sit in on an actual gaming session.
Observe the previously unobservable as a hidden camera takes you to the inner sanctum of Dungeons and Dragons.
Galstaff, you have entered the door to the north.
You are now by yourself, standing in a dark room.
The pungent stench of mildew emanates from the wet dungeon walls.
They're right next to you.
I cast a spell.
Where's the Mountain Dew?
In the fridge, duh.
I want to cast a spell.
Yes, you can have them out and do.
Just go get it.
I can cast any of these, right?
On the list?
Yes, any of the first level ones.
I'm gonna get a soda.
Anyone want one?
Hey, Cram, I'm not in the room, right?
What room?
I wanna cast Magic Missile.
The room where he's casting all these spells from.
He hasn't cast anything yet.
I am, though, if you'd listen.
I'm casting Magic Missile.
Why are you casting Magic Missile?
There's nothing to attack here.
I'm attacking the darkness!
Fine, fine.
You attack the darkness.
There's an elf in front of you.
Whoa!
That's me, right?
He's wearing a brown tunic, and he has gray hair and blue eyes.
No, I don't.
I have gray eyes.
Let me see that sheet.
Well, it says I have blue, but I decided I wanted gray eyes.
Whatever.
Okay, you guys can talk to each other now if you want.
Hello.
Hello.
I am Galstaff, Sorcerer of Light.
Then how come you had to cast magic missiles?
You guys are being attacked.
Do I see that happening?
No, you're outside by the tavern.
Cool, I get drunk.
There are seven ogres surrounding you.
How could they surround us?
I had Mordenkainen's magical watchdog cast.
No, you didn't.
I'm getting drunk!
Are there any girls there?
I totally did!
You asked me if I wanted any equipment before this adventure, and I said no.
But I need material components for all my spells, so I cast Mordenkainen's faithful watchdog.
But you never actually cast it.
Roll the dice to see if I'm getting drunk!
Ugh.
Yeah, you are.
Are there any girls there?
Yeah.
I did, though.
I completely fed when you asked me.
No, you didn't.
You didn't actually say that you were casting the spell.
So now there's ogres, okay?
Ogres?
Man, I got an ogre-slaying knife.
It's got a plus nine against ogres.
You're not there.
You're getting drunk.
Okay, but if there's any girls there, I want to do them.
there you have it a frightening look into America's most frightening pastime remember that it's not your children's fault that they're being drawn into a satanic world of nightmare it's their gym teacher's fault for making them feel outcast when they couldn't do one single pull up thank you very much for listening and we'll see you next week
