Message for you, son!
Attention!
Do you want to hear the most annoying sound in the world?
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
The Monty Talk and then some.
Orange Lounge may contain adult cunt.
Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain hot monkey sex.
Just kidding, Orange Lounge will not contain hot monkey sex. In this episode...
Hey, are there any balls down there?
That's the biggest berry you've ever seen, Jingleberry.
What's your favorite scary movie?
Showgirls. Absolutely frightening. What's yours?
There are no stupid questions, just stupid people.
Don't torture yourself. That's my job.
Now's the time on sprockets, then we dodge!
I'll get you, my pretty, and your little dog, too!
I don't cook food.
I'm sorry, but all questions must be submitted in writing.
Why did they have to take the word gay?
Oh, what I expect from a Spanish expression is gentle.
Hey, hey, hey!
Shut up! Where's my gun? This is my boom stick.
Come on, girls, it's time to drop the bomb.
I can't for the life of me get the hooker to have sex with me.
What kind and what human being would find that funny?
Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live, but not really.
And this is episode number 42 for April the 27th of 2003.
You're tuned into the Bimani Scene's most premeditated radio station of all things Bimani.
My name is Rob Roberts. You might know me as Sky.
Joining me as always are my awesome co-hosts in this corner, the happiest bunny on the farm, Ms. Jamie Summers.
You know her better as DarkSakra.
Or tonight, as her name tag says, Ms. Pac-Man.
I like your shirt. That's a cool shirt.
It's retro.
Loki is out today because he's doing stuff.
He broke his track record again.
no it's amazing
i don't know what he's doing tonight he's just doing stuff
yes backing
he's packing and backing uh...
actually
we have a secret
we're not really live
were were actually
in unless it's thursday for you right now if it is thursday the
thursday twenty-fourth
then yes we're live because we're premature this week
we came a little early this week
uh...
yeah so it's going to be an interesting show tonight because there's just
there's really not a lot tonight
it's just Jamie and me
and uh... we might have one special guest who's around here somewhere
and uh... we're just going to talk about stuff
were both in
jimmy and i are both kind of been
where we just don't give a fuck
not just
you know i want to start
thank you
uh...
yes let's take a quick break we're gonna start off with some uh... old-school
five-piece songs
This is our chat room.
CaliPomani.com, click on Orange Lounge, click on chat.
Bottles all the time, bottles all the time, bottles all the time
Mr. Random person on the street, who by the way is not an actor, what do you think of
the Orange Don't play money music in more shows?
The music is like being transported to this dancing spaceship place.
It's unearthly, it's like being in a club, except you don't have to ask someone to dance.
hey you're listening to orange lounge radio episode number
forty-two and tonight
were being a little bit sneaky were actually pre-taped tonight
so um...
but that doesn't mean there is a party going on or are not around mommy and
daddy are home in the chat room
so i'm sure there's plenty of people causing a commotion so i go on in their
party with them
there over at w w w dot cali the money dot com
any click on orange lounge enemy click on chat
and uh... join all our success of course that
yet don't click on that button that says don't click me
yet
click here for both say
yeah
that was that was another april fools joke i was like how can you do go to a
radio
uh...
Maybe maybe next year for April Fool's we can play just play gay porn over here
My god, I finally did monkey sex an orange lounge
Oh, no joke.
Finally, I've been in the intro for a long time.
Who?
I think who.
Who?
What was it I was watching that had the monkey jacking off?
Well, Conan O'Brien has the masturbating bear.
No, it was I think a video tape of these people at the zoo and the monkey was Lincoln.
They show that on cable or something
Oh my god, I watched the blue girl live-action
Love blue girl live-action. God. It was horrible describe a blue girl for the uninitiated
Today, we're painting on Orange Lounge Radio.
We're going to make a happy cloud.
Fluffy white clouds of cocaine.
I was so sad when Bob Ross died.
What other people have died recently that made me go,
Mr. Rogers?
Oh, Nell Carter.
She was cool.
Shut up.
I like Nell Carter.
She was cool.
Are you still watching?
Give me a break.
Give me a break.
Oh.
So, yeah, interesting week for us.
I think we've all just been very busy and doing random sorts of things.
It's been like a crazy week for me.
It's multi-purpose. You can clip it anywhere. You can clip it on your nipple if you wanted to.
I have these shelves that are over my computer desk where we keep our old school stuff.
Not a nipple clamp lamp, bleh.
It's a tongue twister, nipple clamp lamp.
That's the new Erotic song, isn't it?
Yes, the new Erotic single, nipple clamp lamp.
Yeah, it's the B-side to temple of butt.
You know what's interesting is that Dark Tetsuya, who's an obsessive listener of this show, pointed out in the chat room a while back that actually in an earlier episode, and he cites episode 12, I apparently actually said something about Mr. Rogers is not dead, or something like that. I don't remember the exact quote.
Yeah, at that point Mr. Rogers is not dead.
Yeah, at that point Mr. Rogers is not dead. This is funny that we brought it up on the show.
By the way, and I appreciate our listeners, but when you remember episode numbers, you've got this time that you need to go on vacation.
Well, if I remember right though, episode 12 was the second episode we broadcast this week.
Okay, but I haven't been keeping up with episode 12.
I haven't either, but I think episode 12 was...
Dear people, if you refer to a specific event, don't refer to it by episode number because we sure as fuck don't remember.
Do you remember Episode 3?
No.
Oh my God, I wasn't here.
Yeah, you weren't here.
I remember that, because I remember when Orange Lounge Radio started, you were here the first
week.
We had everybody here the first week.
And then the second and third week, it was like, I'm going to Anime Expo, bye.
That was it, too.
I was like, um, I'm in L.A., bye, I'm in San Diego, bye.
And then we were just kind of here without Jamie for a couple weeks.
And then I went to Alabama, bye.
I don't know. I second traffic in San Francisco. I don't think what did the show was Alabama, but I don't know them happen before
June 23rd
Yeah, but I was stuck in traffic in San Francisco one time I remember that too yeah
Hey, you were not were like next door. Yeah, we're going back in
kostjamrh Who else would have a higher end?
And sometimes, even when we're not having a show, I take Michael and Neil home.
I do fuck off all the time, so maybe I have the highest attendance after all, because
I attended my own home.
I work from home.
You work from home.
I see.
Seriously.
So, God, what else is new this week?
It's such an interesting show tonight, because there's just nothing to talk about.
I know aren't you excited about tonight's show listeners. I know how to get you excited good
I'll load some porn. It's funny. Let's just get drunk. That'll be funny
I'm just kidding. I know I actually
Pretend we're getting drunk, and then then if the show is really bad because we're lagging we can just say we're drunk. We were drunk. Sorry
Jamie'll get drunk, and I'll get high and then you'll be sober, so they don't have all festival over
I don't know why don't I huh you can get drunk you can get high and I'll have sex
I'll be in the other
We need to have we need
We need a black person we need our we need either an Asian or a Pacific Islander
We need to have
Yeah, we need the person with bad hygiene.
We need everybody to hate somebody else.
We need the racist.
And the racist has to be a roommate.
We have Loki.
We have Loki.
I don't know where Loki is tonight.
He just said he wouldn't be available tonight.
I think he's either fapping
or he's probably getting ready for the moving on Saturday
which is one reason we're taped tonight.
Maybe he's having special time with us.
Who has time for relationships?
I sure don't.
Well there is a little bit of news, actually there's a lot of news, we're just being lazy.
We're procrastinating for next week.
Who said we'd bring you news timely?
You know I realize we kind of lied last week.
We said that last week was the last episode of Orange Lounge Radio from this studio, but
we're actually in the studio tonight.
Tonight's the last episode in the studio, even though we're pre-taped.
I'm confused.
I just went cross-eyed.
Yeah.
I want ice cream.
Let's go get ice cream.
Fuck this show.
Bye.
I had salad today.
Did you?
From where?
The grocery store.
Did you toss your salad?
Yes, I did actually.
It landed on the cat.
You know what's funny? I had a salad today, too, and I shook my salad.
Alright, one interesting thing that's in Bamani News this week. DanceMania EX3 just came out, and I don't have a copy, and I want one. So somebody get me one.
What the fuck's on this one this time?
Get this. Ace of Base, first track. How cool is that?
C.A.R.I.M.I.E.M.I.E.C.H.
The only way I remember that song is through Moulin Rouge.
I've never seen it.
I know. You've never seen Moulin Rouge. We've got to make you watch that sometime.
But there's this part where they, you know, they're going back and forth between all these love songs, and then there's that part where
I was made for loving you, baby, you were made for loving me.
I should never sing on this show.
Yes.
In the fight.
Any other fun Dance Mania albums coming out that we should give a mention to?
Nah, don't look like it.
It's Castlevania, and get this, the new Castlevania is coming out, and look at that, it's 3D.
Come on, Castlevania dungeon.
Yes.
Okay, wait a second, but the last time they tried to do a 3D Castlevania game, it sucked shit.
This is new.
Yeah, it was up yesterday.
Okay, you know what?
But this is what it says at the bottom, it says the article says this game will be entirely in 3D, but is not intended to be like Castlevania 64, which the producer openly admitted to hating.
The game takes place in the 11th century apparently, but other story details are pretty vague.
God damn it, they need to do another one with Richter.
Everybody pray to whatever god you believe in that this game does not suck, please.
They need another game with Richter.
or as
uh... maria said in english
you know you're getting another
what's that
freaking gradius five
what's that about
it's new
Gradius 5 on the PS2.
On the piece of shit too.
Sorry.
Oh it is.
Now-
Just because they took parts out of old space shuttles and stuff to make this thing doesn't
mean it's not accessible.
I just think people can't program for it for shit or else we would definitely have games
that looked better.
Metal Gear Solid 2 was nice, but it was better on Xbox, I have to say, because there was
more room for anti-aliasing.
That's why I like the new substance on PC, because it's just as good as your system is.
If you've got the best card in the world, it'll look better than anything you've got.
You know what?
Tekken 3 and Metal Gear Solid on Bling Bling.
Bling Bling.
That was really good.
Rob is off, you know, scratching his head.
so i really have no interest in u.s ps2 games
i've already seen the ending
shhh no spoilers
you could just get a mod chip and you know
why
because any other game that's going to come out after that is not going to work
okay i used to say that when the ps2 just came out because it's
understandable you know it just came out but now ps2 is kinda
it's starting to become the end of its life and
all the best games that are out I mean so how about when you if you mind your
system now and then seventh style comes out and it won't work with your system
then I'll go buy seventh style
I mean seventh style will work as a
purchased version I don't need to take pictures of it to play it
and seventh style won't come out
I've heard that before about you know that the
you get the mod chip and then
sony could release a game that would basically fuck up your mod chip or not or you
You know, they override the computation, kind of like they did with the early chips on the PS1.
Sony was even doing it right to the end of the Playstation's line.
Right. And what's interesting about that is what they could do with it is they could do it through online purposes.
It's possible, you know, if your PS2 is online, you go online with Final Fantasy XI, and then sneak sneak, it's updating your BIOS.
That's why I just will play on the computer, because it's coming out for computer in America.
By the way, if anyone is interested in that, if you go to squareenixusa.com, you can submit an application to beta test Final Fantasy XI for PC or for PS2.
I really hope they choose me for beta testing.
Please, please Square, I've played your game since the beginning.
I'm more than positive I'm going to get selected because I've done game beta testing before.
I played Ragnarok online, ew.
Yeah, that sucks they didn't continue that over here because I really want to play Ragnarok.
They're still in beta testing right now.
Yeah, but it's like they're only working with...
The paid release is going to be out I think for the next couple months.
And they are going to America with it?
Because it sounded like they were neglecting America.
They have an American beta test open right now.
Well, I mean, it's closed, it's a closed beta, but they have it going on right now.
I know it's been talked about on here, but for those who don't know,
ragnorockonline.com
It was about the closest you can get.
It's like, it's like Secret of Mana with Final Fantasy Tactics type jobs and things.
And you can beat up ants and grasshoppers that play the fiddle.
Fucking fiddle playing grasshoppers.
I don't know if you've seen it, but PopCap.com, they're the folks that make like Bejeweled
and all those like really addicting little web games that people play online.
Oh, it's pretty addicting.
Atomica, you probably haven't played any of those games, huh?
Well, PopCap's the company that makes all those games, they have a new game on their site
kind of like you know it's a multiplayer ish type game which is online world type
thing which at first look at kind of you know just first instinct was oh it's like
a 3d Ragnarok kind of thing but it's it still needs a lot of tweaking but it's
interesting it's worth checking out the popcap comments because free I think if
you pay money you get special things but hey I'm still doing Neopets okay I have
I have not checked on my Neopet in two weeks, damn thing's probably dead.
Give me all your money.
I don't want to give you my money.
If you love your pet, give me your money.
Why?
So that I can get up to 500,000 Neopets.
I think I have like 25,000.
That's actually about what I need.
Really?
Mwahaha.
Seriously, I've been trying to get up to...
Is that like the last level of saving?
No.
Oh.
That's about three on it.
to upgrade to my next bank account.
OK, why don't we take ourselves a quickie little break.
We're going to come back.
We're going to talk about Max 2.
Max 2, Japan, came out this week.
And there's been some interesting early reaction.
We're sitting here on Thursday night, pre-taping Sunday show.
And there's already been some early reactions.
Some folks in the States have picked it up and have
some interesting things to say about it.
So we will take a quick break.
About the overwhelming lack of monkeys.
yes about the lack of monkey sex we're gonna play some another's for the hell
of it
uh... we're feeling uh... saucy so let's start this off with speak up another
will be back
on Orange Lawn Radio.
Go, go, go, go, go!
Oh
But, and I was sitting here going, this song isn't any different.
And then finally, they're like, wait, Jamie and Brad are like, wait, wait for it, wait
for it.
And then finally in the end, it has that little way different part of the end.
So what a cool roll to see if I'm getting drunk.
All right, you're getting drunk.
We're talking about the potential battle royale game that's going to be going on.
Yeah, what's this?
You've taken this battle royale kind of, well, I hate to call it a joke, because it's not
really a joke, but it's kind of like this, instead of an inside joke, it's like an inside
cult. It's basically what it has come down to. You've got this little inside cult of
folks here locally in Sacramento and abroad because it's kind of spawned from the Orange
Lounge chat room and then some. Just this obsession with the movie Battle Royale. And
now...
I'm running a game probably in a few weeks. Me and Jess and now Puppy's involved.
Puppy's testing his dice script in our chat room right now, but we're uh, yeah
It's gonna be definitely a dice based. Go ahead and give a couple little spoilers about that
We've already selected what the random weapons are
There's gonna be people are gonna have certain skills like, you know people normally do
You've got your stats, you know, we'll help you with that. We're
I'm sort of half deciding of having the game last a few weeks more than just the normal, however many it takes to kill everybody off.
So you can establish what your character's like and your friends and your group before you decide to kill each other off.
So how exactly is it going to work? Is it going to be like a chat room that runs 24 hours a day?
No.
No, it's only going to be a certain day and time.
It's going to be probably three hours until the game should last, or until we say, okay, we're tired.
Got it.
And it's going to be one night a week.
I'll do my best to put it on a Friday night.
I'm thinking a Friday night would be the best night for this.
And basically, you roleplay.
And if you suck at roleplay, by the way, as in you're not staying in character,
You're not developing your character, even though your character is going to die.
You'll just die all the faster.
Because I'm a pretty spiteful GM.
Which is probably why I will not be participating, because I suck at roleplay.
I was always there to provoke the GM in interesting ways.
Well, I sometimes think that it's a little bit easier to roleplay online.
online as opposed to tabletop, just because you have a little bit more room for some description
and you don't, if you're a shy person by nature you don't have to say something that you would
normally be uncomfortable saying, it's easier to type it.
Ah, you need to roleplay and say that in a British accent. Anyway, as promised, oh yeah,
Oh yeah, Brad, do you have something you want to say?
No.
Okay.
As we promised before the break...
I killed you!
We were going to talk about Max 2 just came out in Japan this week,
and there's probably more information on it now that it's Sunday,
but it's only Thursday when we're taping here,
and we don't know a lot at this point.
However, we do know what the unlocks are.
So, the unlocks that you're going to get in Max 2,
you've got me burping that's the first time like no the next unlock is all of
the um remix actually I don't know what order these unlock in sorry I haven't
gotten those kind of lists or anything but you get all the remixes the max 2
remixes that you can play in extreme right and then we know that you can
unlock crash or actually I think that's one of the songs you start off with is
crash and then a paranoia survivor and there was one more love love shine or
love love sugar one of those two love love shine it's love love shine you get
you also unlock almost everything from us a mix that was from the max USA that
was exclusive except the license tracks so you get shining Polaris peace out
Overblast, Logical Dash, Jammin' Marmalade, and I'm For Real.
You get all that.
And you also get Look to the Sky, True Color, Dynamite Rave, Downbird Soda.
You get all those songs.
We had them first.
Yeah, we had them first.
So, Neenar.
And we still have I Like to Move It.
Black Hawk.
Also, for whatever reason, they're bringing back Kind Lady and So in Love.
I mean, those songs are pretty cool and all, but it's kind of interesting because they were on the last mix.
Also, there's some brand spankin' new stuff.
Do It Right, the 80s electro mix, which is remixed by Soda, and I hear it's pretty good.
We had some folks in the chat room that have heard it, and it's pretty good.
As soon as we get MP3s, we'll play them for you guys.
Kind Lady, the interlude, whatever that could mean.
I wonder if that's just that little groove beat at the beginning.
You said it like a banjo. Rob does bluegrass.
You know what? Yeah, I want to get an MP3 so I don't have to sing this. I'm trying to
find an MP3 so you can hear what I'm talking about here. Okay, like this part.
Like the porno part.
We used that in a porn movie and we did one, so I remember that.
Or me, Rob.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Right, sure, yeah.
As I leave the room.
Also unlockable, Look to the Sky, the trance mix.
Which is not Look to the Sky, the true color mix.
Now there's going to be three Look to the Skies all together.
Look to the Sky fart mix.
Look to the Sky because it stinks down below.
p0k3smot42o
It's like the lesson Oni.
Be For You, of course.
Because where would we be without a Be For You Oni course?
Nearly 130, however, since a minute it did not make it into Max 2 home version, they
have Spin the Disc replacing a minute.
Spin the Dix!
They have the From 2D X Course, except now it has like Gem of Marmalade and all these
other songs.
The Love Song collection, which is Baby Love Me, So in Love, Silent Hill, Dive,
Dive Into The Night, which I never knew was a love song, and My Summer Love.
Now they have a DJ Soda Oni, which is pretty cool.
A middle tempo chorus, which is like just kind of all like...
I'm just noticing something. It says DJ Soda Oni. Why is Kind Lady in there? I thought it was Okuyoto's.
But Kind Lady Interlude, I believe, is remixed by Soda.
Alright.
And then you have the middle tempo chorus, which is kind of like a bunch of dance mania songs.
you have a course called rap mania
and these are the songs
these are the songs that apparently are rap according to konami
long long train running
little boy
superstar
hysteria
detour
burn in the floor and be free
uh... there at the midnight blue courses back
Except they've replaced one song with another AM3P remix. I don't know what song they took out, but...
Do you remember the original Midnight Blue chorus?
No, I remember the original.
Alright, whatever, fine.
Now they have a BPM 140 chorus, so now we have nearly 130 and nearly 140.
Hooray.
A tricky chorus, which I'm not sure yet, but rumored...
What's wrong with all the changes?
like burning heat two-speed burst boost reverse and then kind lady three-speed
boost so it like it just fucks up all your modifiers there's a Naoki platinum
course which actually I believe is the same course I think that's the one
course that retained itself Wow I'll be damn some course in Japanese
well I don't know I can't translate it has a star in it so it's not really all
Japanese something woman is it like the diva course it could be I think these
are all yeah these are all songs by women yeah what's up oh and put it into
global gate yeah well let's see let's translate that
The answer is Maiden Way.
Up and down is another course.
I have no idea what these songs have in common.
And then there's the shitty Demon Road, which has D2R, Waka Laka, Transition Arrow, Stay,
Subaru, and Max Unlimited.
That's it.
And then there's the last chorus is Ultra 12, which has a bunch of interesting stuff
on it.
What about the Ultra 64?
No.
No Ultra 64.
How about your mom?
She's swell.
Not my mom.
Somebody else's mom.
Not to my mommy.
Someone's sick and very inch-long.
So you can order that now, DDR Max 2, and also if you ordered it from Konami style already,
you'll be getting a V-Rare CD, and what's interesting is that those tracks on the V-Rare
CD that we talked about, like Glacial, the I Feel remix, the soda remix of I Feel and
I'm going to have to be in a future one.
one
all you have already heard yet there's some other features in there like you
can create your own only course
who
and uh...
anything else you guys want to say about max too
So I have to get it next month.
What? I'm what?
You're doing that instead of being in such a good chat room.
Fuck the chat room.
No, just kidding.
I love the chat room.
For dinner.
He loves the chat room.
Op, I have boots.
Chuck, chuck.
Get you the hot bullets of shotgun to die.
Tell us about that story, Brad.
No.
Please, please.
I've been hearing from DarkSakuraSO that he's been saying the thing, he goes,
Get you the hot shotgun bullets to die.
And it's kind of like in the vein of all your base, you know, bad English, some bad translation from an old Japanese game.
I found out on Engrish.com, which I love, go check it out, Engrish.com, great.
That it's from a game called Battle Rangers, so if you want to go pick up a ROM for it somewhere in your arcade,
and it's got some great Engrish jewels in there. Anyway, so yeah, check it out, it's
funny.
Ah! Sorry, I was looking up something in the background.
We're going to do a segment on this show.
Hey, Cap, you're on Engrish!
Yeah, we're going to translate Konami's Q&A on Max 2, and we're going to read it.
So it's like a radio drama, so this will be fun.
So this segment is called Engrish Like What?
Engrish Like What?
Engrish Like What?
Engrish Like What?
Engrish Like What?
Alright, who wants to be Question Man and who wants to be Answer Man?
Alright, Brad, are you Question Man or Answer Man?
I'll be Question Man.
Alright, Question Man, first question.
You just sound like you're Mega Man.
Question Man, I will ask you a question.
Okay, so we have it in English. Is this it?
Okay, can an exclusive controller be used even if set to PS2?
please feel easy an exclusive controller and exclusive use hands controller also
operates satisfactory yay best radio ever please this is a question please
leave with an arcade machine or teach me the method using editing data in the
PlayStation quote-unquote software dance dance revolution series when linked
within Arcade Machine, output Edit Data by Library Management. Copy the Edit Data file
which outputted to memory card for Playstation by browser of Playstation 2. The Edit Data
file copied to memory card for PlayStation can be used now by Arcade Machine etc. When
the Edit Data of the past series is used, copy an Edit Data file to the memory card
only for Playstation 2 from memory card for Playstation by the browser of Playstation 2".
Load the memory card, only for PlayStation 2 which copy data, and start edit mode input data by outside manager.
The data inputted by the edit library can be edited in edit mode or can be used in game mode.
Game mode? Oh, oh, very nice, very good.
Okay, is it the function in which a screen position can be adjusted care in Dance Dance Revolution?
The screen adjustment function of demand is added to option from the second edition DDR Max 2 of PS.
Please confirm by options. Graphic options screen adjustment.
Oh my god. You know what? Okay.
And that was Max 2 Engrish.
Max 2 Engrish. Max 2 Engrish. Max 2 Engrish.
I think it was Engrish like what originally.
Whatever. Oh yeah sorry.
Engrish like what? Engrish like what?
Okay, you know what's funnier because I've done this before is going to the Konami site, the 2dex site where they have
They have like interviews with some of the artists for the new songs on each version when it comes out. Translate that shit
It's really fucking awful
Okay, well now you don't have to now. I'm just saying you know if you want to do this kind of thing someday, okay?
Yeah, because I'm sure you bored listeners too
and and by the way the site used for the translations is nifty.com slash
globally victory hey I have samurai showdown on neogeo and it does say
victory you know what's funny if you have the jet any of the Japanese games
like I have the Japanese samurai spirits too which is summer show now it'll play
it in American mode and turn all the blood into sweat so like these big
Geezers of white fluid comes shooting out of their bodies
Unbelievably powerful you are now finally the strongest pro team accepts your challenge
Yeah, I'm looking at English calm right now, it's it's definitely exciting
Let's see my spirit burns like the Sun and I shall dry you like a prune
Here's the ending to Ghosts and Goblins.
the wise and courageous door, a night that you are, you feel strong swelling in your
body. Return to starting point, challenge again.
I feel this strong swelling inside my body.
I think you need to see a doctor for that condition
for two centuries. Since the stardate had established, they sailed all around the
galaxy with new type spaceship called Lightship Lightship. But one day the
piece was disturbed by a mysterious big fortress. It was living and was destroying
all other civilizations. The Federal Bureau of Galactic Government organized
the defense force immediately, but as the air fortress had very high
potential the defense force was wiped out in vain so the federal bureau has
decided to select a specially trained man ID 2592 named Hal Bailman and has
developed a new type light brancer and armored suit now he departs for the air
fortress with a destiny of farmell farmell it sounds like propelled the
on this highly recommended by the staff of orange launch radio
yes i have to read this one
i'm cock
what kind of world of this
it's kind of crap
his name is
Raman Saurus. He is urchin, has many curiosity, but he is a person who makes much good looks.
Yeah, Raman Sauruses have an image to uphold.
What? What are you looking for?
I think that I like the one that has World of Pain on it.
And then no smorking.
Thank you, man!
This is really, really brilliant radio.
Okay.
Okay, this is something that was posted on an evacuation map in a hotel in China.
Please keep calm when there is a fire.
The hotel will ensure your safety and shit with advanced fire facilities.
Please go to the exit according to the instructions so that our staff will lead you to safe zone.
Oh, the everyday I hate my life.
I hate my life. Every day I polish my revolver and I shoot my head like a rock star. I'm
cock, what?
I'm trying to read this chick's shirt. It says, I'm cock.
I'm home, I'm all alone, I need some, her coffee.
Hot coffee.
No, oh. There were three Jovial Welshmen as I have something.
And they would go hunting upon Saint Davids, said it was a ship, that either he said the
chimney blown away whatever. I want the one that says spread beaver showing the
vaginal area. It says showing the vaginal area. That's it.
I want that shirt. I would wear that shirt.
Spread Beaver was actually the name of a band in Japan fronted by the ex-Japan guitarist
Hide.
Yeah, but he's dead now. Is he?
Yeah.
He's living in front of the door.
Everybody said he hung himself, but what I heard is that he, uh, what he actually did was, um, when he practices guitar sometimes he would tie like a belt or something around his neck and then tie it to the back of a, um, like a door.
This sounds kind of crazy, but because he could lean his head forward, it would just rest his head or something.
And the only reason why I believe this is because I have friends that have done this before.
It's some weird kind of relaxation thing, and I guess, like, it choked him to death or something, but I don't know.
Hey, fack you, man!
It's still stupid. I have my HIDE plushie hanging from a doorknob.
That's awful.
I bought a HIDE plushie.
He has this string on his head so you can hang him up.
So I was hanging a doorknob out by him.
Yeah, because apparently it was tied to the doorknob and that's when they found him or something, so...
That's really disgusting, but it's so funny.
I'm just, you know, being true to the original.
Oh, man.
Yeah, my JF game plushie has two bullet holes in its head and shoulder.
C'mon, anybody else want to play with the internet?
We wanted this to be a treat. For those of you who listen to Orange Alums radio a lot, we wanted this sneak preview of what is sure to be a very...
Turn off all pagers and cell phones. Thank you. Hope you have a nice play again.
We wanted this to be a special treat for those of you who listen to Orange Alums a lot to get to hear this show like before everyone else.
And aren't you happy?
Um, yeah, so we don't have a lot of people available to vote, but we can do one anyway.
Yes?
I think that we should do, um, um...
What is this, Guess My Cell Phone?
p0k3smot42o
It was either that or this one.
reporting things on my cell phone is funny so i hope the cellphone up to make
your life i was talking on it but i had a point it out
so that the girl you know she's moaning in the background issues really highly
in some guy was flowing up an honor
just going
tonight he did this funny
where everybody
i did
you've missed it
okay hi
we go to break now we're going to have a guitar freaky break and we'll be back
with the fact use of the week Roosevelt the private message right now to my if
are in the chat room if it's Thursday if it's Sunday you're listening to this
Sunday 27th sorry we pre-taped tonight and you'll just have to send those in
for next week and you'll get a back you right back
Wasting time, wasting lives, wasting self Show me your health, show me your drummin',
I'll beat on it Where's the guitar, I'll shred
Show me your soul, what's lose control And the dudes that can't be kiddin' through this
Yeah, that's right, come on I can't hear you, what, what
I can't feel you, what, come on Throw it up, get busy
Get busy! That's right! Here we go, y'all!
Make music!
Give me your time and I'll send it!
Tell me your name and I'll say it!
Put it to hell, I'll blow it!
The last time I die, that's real!
Push the mic, I'll rip it!
Show me the club, it's the one!
Give me a ride, I'll send it!
The last time I die, and I'm back!
Where are you from? Where are you at? Where are you going?
Just follow the beat, come on!
Jump out of the beach, jump out of the beach, come on, everybody let's go, jump out of the beach
Oh
Ha-cha!
Oh, come the egg on the mountain top
The punkiest monkey that ever hiked
He knew every last trick under the sun
She's a god, so everybody can have some fun
Monkey Magic, Monkey Magic
Monkey Magic, Monkey Magic
There's a little bit of Monkey Magic
To tell you where to find me
There's a little bit of Monkey Magic
Oh, from an egg on the mountain top, the punkiest monkey that ever talked.
He knew every magic under the sun.
He'd chase the gods and everyone had some fun.
Keep on keepin' magic, keep on keepin' magic
Bitch, get a new song! An open letter from Orange Lounge Radio.
Funny enough, she never did find a new song. We haven't heard from Joga in a long, long time.
Good. The only Joga I'm interested in is York.
State of emergency!
Yeah. Anywho.
Sorry, Rob, you're not small, cute, and Icelandic.
You know what's interesting? I don't, I don't, okay, we've talked about her on the show before, this Japanese rocker girl chick who's awesome, her name's Kana.
And like, I got my, my-
You can play Nikku if you have it. Oh my god, you have to play Nikku.
I think I might, I think you've sent it to me. But anyway, I have a point to this.
Our new friend Garrett, who we discovered like randomly on a 2DX machine four weeks ago, and we just kind of picked him up and made him come home with us and play with us.
play with us. Not like that, you perverts. I was showing him Kana videos the other night
and he was just laughing his ass off going, this is great, she's kind of like the Japanese
Bjork. And I had a point to this story but I don't remember what it was.
I think so, she does at least speak secular, but Kana is cool.
Kana is the shit.
I think I sent you through those.
I have a question, was she from a band originally?
I don't think so.
Oh okay, I can swear she was from some other band.
Her whole gimmick is that she does the elegant...
Gothic Lolita stuff?
Yeah.
Yeah.
She's, you know, I like when she's got a little panda thing and...
And she does panda bondage.
Yeah, she has a lot of panda bondage, which is really weird because they don't rape pandas, do you?
The poor pandas, they're like, you know...
They didn't rape the pandas, they just wrapped some ribbons.
Oh, okay.
Bondaged it.
I was gonna say the, uh, the WWF...
RIBBON!
...over you guys.
Rip what?
RIBBON!
RIBBON?
SORTED!
ARROWED!
What?
ORDINATE!
What?
Oh my.
Jamie's lost her...
Jamie has lost her mind.
Whatever.
Yes.
But for some reason I thought she was from like Malismizer, but that's a gag, I think.
Malice Meijer's never had a Nikita reverse cape unless she count Mana.
Oh yeah, oh that's right, it's the guy who looks like a girl.
And they both show up in the Gothic and Lolita Vibles.
Yeah, I saw in that one that Rob got you.
Shall we get to the FUs of the week now?
It hurts a lot, it's been hurting me for like two weeks now and I'm thinking if I get in
And I have this other crap now that I'm going to take, and I have this heat pad attached
to my butt. It's sort of like in my pants. This is one that you wrap around your stomach,
except I couldn't get it to sit low enough, so I just tore the velcro part off and stuck
it in my pants. So now it's warm, my back is warm, my lower back is warm, but still
But still it hurts like fuck. It hurts like bondage fuck.
It hurts!
I don't know.
My other fuck you again goes to Squeamix for sucking.
And another one goes toward having no money so I can't have my games right now.
And a Happy Fuck You goes to the ending of Final Fantasy X-2, which I'm not going to spoil for anybody.
But I like it, but there needs to be more.
And also, a Fuck You, again, goes toward Final Fantasy X-2 for having a freaking confusing-ass storyline.
So I guess I'm not going to get it until I actually play through the game.
And, um, another one goes toward not really having any wine.
Cause, you know, yeah.
Cause I've had salad today and that's it.
Oh yeah, another front key goes toward not being able to digest anything.
Okay.
That was beautiful, thank you.
Um, I have some FUs this week.
My biggest FU this week goes to procrastination.
You guys have seen the house right and what's happening on Saturday? I'm moving you're moving
How many boxes have you seen that have been packed?
None, there's one in the living room
So I was given an interesting strategy on how to pack my shit because well, that's not dirty
I was giving you a strategy on how to pack stuff up
If California were going to fall off into the ocean and everyone had to evacuate to
an island, who do you think would be out first, the lesbians or the gay men?
The game would still be packing their shit. Well, let's get dropped like he split
My next step you of the week goes to bad jokes
You heard it in the taxi cab in Vegas
Bring it drunk god bless Vegas. I
Think I might have been yes
I was because it was with me and iguana girl and island are coming back from circus circus being drunk
off of
work for preaches
planes
well anyway i procrastinated and i have packed dampening and i'm moving on
saturday
actually know if you go out my garage i have a lot of shit boxes early do you
know why because they never unpacked last night
my house
so moving is going to be so bad as i've packed this up my
close all my clothes without
any hope
I had an interesting strategy sent to me on how to pack my stuff, and this was sent to
me by Garrett, somebody I was talking about earlier.
Get some big boxes and do something like label my boxes upper-right part of closet, lower-left
part of closet, shit on the floor in living room, and then fill them up accordingly.
That's how I pack.
I have another thing here.
I think I get hit by a spider.
On your cleavage.
Or if you're French.
Okay, I'm gonna go watch, because I think I have to buy a sweater, so fuck that fighter!
How do you always give me this?
That's just cute.
That's fuck you music. Okay.
Um, I had a fuck you, but my mind just went blank because I just got a phone call.
Anyway, um, what were we just talking about?
Okay, oh yes, we were talking about Jamie's breasteses.
Okay, no, fuck you goes to people, no offense Jamie, but fuck you goes to people who spoil games for themselves and waiting...
No, for themselves. I mean, like, instead of waiting till the game comes out, they, like, read about the stories.
Yeah, Jamie's like, I'm getting the game anyway.
I'm poor, I can't have the game.
I know how this is connected to a station.
Um, and I had something else, but I don't remember, so. I want to eat. I want to go.
Okay.
I say we fuck the show.
Okay.
If we can make it through another half hour, I know we can, and we can get to two hours.
Actually, we do have a present for the last hour of the show, so we'll get to that later.
A gift.
We're making a gift.
We've made a gift.
We're making a gift.
Actually, Jamie made a gift.
Hey, if you look on my friend's page in my live journal, actually in one of the communities
I'm on, someone posted a really cool picture of Margaret Cho.
Really?
Yeah.
She's so cool.
It's in the Phycax community.
Let's get to Chatroom FUs, shall we?
FagHags community.
I'm looking because Puppey sent me an interesting FU. It involves a web link.
And he might have already deleted it.
He wants to give a big F.U. to somebody that posted something naughty in his girlfriend's
journal.
I'm loading that up.
We'll come back to his F.U.
Let's go to Zero's F.U.s.
Uh, F.U. to not being able to be there tonight.
Yeah, where's Zero?
We miss you.
F.U. to my legs giving out in the middle of Legend of Max all three times.
F.U. to my ass hurting as I fall to the ground on Legend of Max.
F.U. to stupid assholes who think because they live in my house I can fuck shit up.
Dark Sakura, I think we can use those boxes.
Stop trying to get people to buy your fucking alcohol, I think I will turn your stupid ass in.
Darkchild says, fuck you to the stupid 17 year old girl who keeps calling me.
Although it would have been smarter to have given her the wrong phone number.
Hey, you know what? I want to talk to her. Let me talk to her.
Better yet, let's talk to her live on air.
Get her number, I'll call her.
We'll find a way to tape the conversation.
Dark Tetsuya would like to say fuck not knowing what to do with crushes indeed and for Angel fuck having to work and missing the surprise.
I know what you mean a little bit, actually. I actually know what you mean very well.
Jon Fields would like to say F you two idiot that would try to make Metroid movie.
Nearly every movie based on game has failed even worse F you to Nintendo for allowing the movie the wizard from being made
Hey, the wizard rules hold on
The wizard all those games are movies a double dragon you all sucked ass
Actually, I haven't seen the business. I guess I shouldn't judge it, but Resident Evil was probably the best
video game to movie production ever and if if
If they're going to start doing, because movie producers and directors are starting to notice this kind of stuff is becoming popular, like the comic book movies, the big budget comic book movies that are coming out, I think they're going to do pretty good with the Metroid movie. I'm hoping because, oh man, it would suck if Drew Barrymore was Samus or something. Oh my God.
Here you go.
Stop.
Stop.
The 23rd Magus will like to say F U to my screwy school schedule next week. Everyone
else has to take their stupid little test, which leaves me in government class for five
hours with no bathroom passes. What the fuck? F U to Angel's screwy work schedule. F U to
having random DDRs at school begging me to take them to an Orange Lawns broadcast, which
I will do, so fear. Sure you will. Out. Brak2000 would like to say, F you to sore throats.
Everything tastes like, um, sore throat. Chloraseptic is your friend. Okay, I'm going back to Puppy's
with the damn pages it's loading because LiveJournal is being a biznatch.
God damn it.
There we go.
Ah! God, it's the stupid tub girl thing. God damn it, why'd you have to show that?
I didn't even let the whole thing load. Like, 20 pixels of it came up,
up I recognize as being disgusting and I put it off stupid kids easy it's
Photoshop goat say was funny let me think of the Walmart that's on the
corner of our mission now Walmart Walgreens by the mall let me think of
I think it was about five minutes never.
Shame on you, puppy. Bad puppy.
That's me beating puppy with a newspaper.
Bad puppy.
It was just that fucking tub girl.
Gross.
I'm not hungry anymore.
thank you man
back you to black lab
just
for dinner
right
i think that they can get some ongoing barbecue
you're mean
but he says it was more than that
uh... thank you
Don't. Oh, it's a twenty picture montage.
Alright, look away. Here's your chance.
Of course, that means, like, everybody's watching now.
Who the hell did it?
Oh, it's gone.
Puppy deleted it.
Who the fuck did that anyway?
No, let me know who did it.
Save their IP. It was anonymous.
You can IP track them?
Yeah, you should log IPs.
Puppy, if you want to plot some revenge, get with Jamie.
I've done it. I have done it.
And there are ways you can trace somebody down to their zip code.
Find out where they live by their IP address.
Jamie's a geek.
In a good way.
That's how I knew who it was that it wasn't, um, you know, who spammed my live journal that it was his friend that did it.
coming into the chatroom.
We're live right now.
Well, we're live on Thursday.
Yeah, right now we're live.
If it's Thursday, we're live.
If it's Sunday, we're not.
Actually, no.
Because we rebroadcast.
The Thursday rebroadcast, usually.
Anyway, fuck it.
Whatever.
Fuck it.
Either we're live or we're not.
Just go to the chatroom and they'll tell you.
Go to calibumani.com, click on Orange Lounge, click on Chat.
While Rob chokes on something.
While I choke on something.
And in the meantime, let's play, let's play Usao-kun.
Let's play it the whole way through.
And we'll play some other stuff from Keyboard Mania, because Keyboard Mania is happy, fun, joy of dance.
I love her
I love what she gives you
Nice?
Bright Girl
Keep quiet
loved nerd
Girls, run
Kya!
Shondori Ustaku
Bikori Ustaku
Ushikalandodela
Inaneta Yoshi
I'm gonna be your mama
I'm gonna be your mama
I'm gonna be your mama
Bye, bye, bye, bye.
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Think about it
We're long enough
Reach out, buddy, feel the beat
Come on, wake up
Better get in charge of me
I need the back of your mother's smile
But it burns so bright
Since we've done it all from out
You'll be the star tonight
Get with it
But at last
You've gotta tell me
You know it's too late
When you're dead and I'm dead
Let it slip all right
And set you strong
But you don't make it sound
It's time to give you love
Hey, hey, hey
I just believe
You gotta feel it, yeah, yeah
Hello? Hello, is this thing on testing? Testing one, two?
I'm looking in the index but I don't see anything for how to run a radio show.
Hello? I don't understand this. Does this thing work?
This thing reads like stereo instructions. Is this on?
What the hell?
Orange Lounge Radio, broke down Get Opa Monte Radio.
What the f***?
And no better example of that than tonight, episode number 42.
Do you get points if you can tell us where the beat came from?
They know, that's so easy. I know one person that's going to get that in two seconds.
Yeah, it's a nerd.
Yeah, tell us the answer and then we can tease you because you're a dork.
Yeah, that's what you win.
YOU'RE SO STUPID!
I didn't hear it, so...
But I'm gonna guess it's the, uh, healing vision of Jellicans.
WRONG!
WRONG, YOU'RE SO STUPID!
Stupid American!
It's easy, come on.
**knocking**
Orange Lounge Radio.
Broke down Get Open Body Radio.
WHAT THE F**K?
You couldn't hear it?
**unintelligible**
I thought you were talking about the backbeat, the QQQ music I thought you were talking about.
Oh, the beep.
Yeah, oh, the beep.
One more time.
What the f***?
Imagine a song where the tempo increases by one BPM every beat.
Oh, we just got it.
Okay, I'm gonna do that.
Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha!
I'm spinning uncontrollably.
I feel like Dr. Evil.
Alright.
Don't vomit.
Uh, what else do I want to talk about? Oh yeah, I know!
We're gonna do our cage match.
We're gonna do a cage match?
Yeah, remember I had my cell picked out because you have a new computer.
Oh, well shit. Okay, so we're gonna do a cage match.
Loki agreed, his song sucks, so we're throwing it out and we're starting new.
So we have a new cage match.
And in this week's cage match, I have to dig a little bit for Jamie's song.
You know there's actually something about this one research group saying that bananas
as we know them are going to be extinct in a few years?
Why?
Because we bleed them, huh?
Why?
Because they stick them up their vaginas.
Why?
Because it would be really interesting if they're a man.
Why?
Because then they stick them up their ass.
Why?
I don't know, Rob, you tell us.
Why?
Say something!
Something.
Rap? Okay.
I am here and my name is Chaos.
Well, Jamie, you ought to introduce this.
Born to Bone, the sand bone trio.
And what's it from?
From Guitarman.
And why do you like it?
This is fucking rules.
Alright, here it is, the first entry of tonight's Sorens Off-Cage match.
cage match born to be boned
Yay, it's the Mariachi Riffic.
I was born to be Boned, the Sambone Trio.
First song in tonight's Orange Launch Cage Match.
What did you think of that one, Jamie?
Nine.
Why?
Because it's cool.
It's probably my favorite song on that whole soundtrack of guitar music, so I'm gonna give it a 9.
Mmm, I like that song, but I think if it wins too many weeks in a row, I'm gonna get sick of it really fast.
So, I'll give it a good score this week, but next week you get a crappy score.
So this week it gets, uh, 8 and a half.
Aw, son of a bitch.
Uh oh.
Oh, sorry, I just put in a CD that went to an extended CD.
And this time I'm gonna let you read the track data either.
Oh shit, it won't, huh?
I'm trying to pick my cage match song and we're kind of doing this live on air. I kind of ran out. I just changed my mind at the last minute about what I wanted to play. So I ran out to get it. I want to see if I can get this to go.
0.
0.
Okay.
Give me just one second, and I'm gonna get my two out.
Okay, here we go.
I think I got it, so I'm gonna make sure this broadcast...
Okay, my pick.
She got my F you of the week last week, but this week I'm putting her in the cage match
because well, I don't think any song I put in stands a chance against Sambone Trio, so
why not lose big?
I'm gonna put in Madonna, and this is a brand new track from her new album, and it's not
American life elite single because you guys are probably worn out on that by
now but it's another track and to me the track is actually a bit beat nanny ish
to me which is quite kind of why I like it it because it kind of progresses and
it's a little silly the lyrics are kind of silly but it's an interesting song I
think you guys might like it it's called mother and father and this is gonna be
my case match pick for tonight and hopefully a place for you guys otherwise
I'm gonna have to change it, so let's try it.
There was a time that I prayed to Jesus Christ There was a time I had a mother, it was nice
Nobody else would ever take the place of you Nobody else would do the things that you could do
No one else I guess could hurt me like it did
I didn't understand, I was just a kid
Oh mother why aren't you here with me
No one else saw things that you could see
I'm trying hard to dry my tears
Yes father you know I'm not so free
I got to give it up Find someone to love me
I got to let it go Find someone that I can care for
I got to give it up Find someone to love me
I got to let it go Find someone that I can care for
There was a time I was happy in my life There was a time I believed I'd live forever
There was a time that I prayed to Jesus Christ There was a time I had a mother, it was nice
Oh mother, why aren't you here with me?
No one else saw the things that you could see
I'm trying hard to dry my tears
Yes, father, you know I'm not so free
I got to give it up
Want someone to love me
I got to let it go
Want someone that I can care for
I got to give it up
Find someone to love me, I get to let it go
Find someone that I can care for
My mother died when I was five
And all I did was sit and cry
I cried and cried and cried all day
Until the neighbors went away
It couldn't take my loneliness, I couldn't take the phoniness
My father had to go to work, I used to think he was a jerk
I didn't know his heart was broken
The word was spoken, he became a shadow of the father I was dreaming of
I made a vow that I would never need another person
Never turned my heart into a cage, a victim of a kind of rage
I got to give it up
I got to give it up
I'm someone denying me love
I got to let it go
I'm someone that I can't care for
I got to give it up
Find someone that I can care for
I got to give it up
I got to give it up
I've got to let it go I've got to give it all
All my life All my life
And my heart says to give it up
That's it, that's Mother and Father by Madonna.
So let's get reaction from the room on mother and father by Madonna Brad since I haven't
heard really anything besides the single from the CD.
I like the single better than this I guess I should compare it by itself.
pretty good but it yeah I like it the reason why payments on you know what the
more now that I'm listening to it in the context of this program that really was
a shitty cage max pick because it doesn't stand very well on its own it
really goes with the rest of the album but I like that song in relation to the
rest of it because it's very quirky and it's got I don't know it just sounds
very old-school Madonna to me I don't know I don't know what do you think Jamie
should we let Brad put a song in or we just want you to tell what's the song
Brad well all right fine since nobody's gonna vote for that one I guess I don't
I guess we have to give Sam Bone Trio a little competition.
Let's see.
Oh, Jesus.
Alright, this is a good song.
Alright, what's the song that you're putting in? Is this an audio CD?
Yeah, it's audio, so pull up the trackers because I need to see the trackers first.
Alright, this is my love for deep fried chicken.
We're honorarily letting Brad put a song in because Loki's not here, so enjoy.
We're rolling. This is the good one. Take five.
I was raised in a cardboard box
And before when I was single
Used to hear the chicken jingle
That's how I learned the chicken to rock
When I'm in the mood to
I got some other stuff
And can't calm down to the fact
I'm the one in my room here
Sipping down the hill
I'm screaming out to get in the middle of the night
Hey you, hey you
I'm thinking that you're so good
I'm thinking that you're so good
I'm thinking that you're so good
It's easy but you can't lose, you just can't stop
Oh, and I'm not a-workin'
I'm pushin' and I'm surgein'
And the boss is lookin' to tell me when
I go and hold the baby
Got my chicken, got me ready
And we do the diggin' dance with you
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
I'm thinkin' that nigga's so good
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
I'm thinkin' that nigga's so good
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Singin' it with the doggo
Uh-huh, uh-huh-huh, uh-huh
I'll take it back and get it on
I'll take it back and get it on
Candor and candor and candor and candor and
Juicy, that's how you hear me
Do the popcorn chicken
Do the popcorn chicken
Do the KFC
Do the KFC
To the buffalo wings
Are you the pioneer?
Can you take it?
Yeah!
We got the chickens
Come on, get it up!
We got the chickens cut
Woohoo, I can't believe this
Uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu Neo
That chicken Hardware there so good
Uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
That was the Aquabats with Magic Chicken
Uuuuuh Jamie what did you think of that
I like Ska, but I don't think that that would work as a cage match song.
As a song, it gets a 9.
As a cage match pick, it gets a 4.
Brad!
I have to agree, I wasn't trying to make it compete with anything.
I love the song, as a song, it gets a 10.
But cage match is crap.
So I wasn't trying, you know, that was just kind of a fuck up thing.
Before we go on to you, I want to ask something. What is a Cave Match song? Is Cave Match just BeatMania style stuff? Trans-techno-dancey stuff?
Songs that you'd want to hear regularly on Orange Wound's radio.
That's what is, OKC. I had it all wrong. Next time I'll make sure to get something good that you want to hear, like Eminem or something. Slick motherfuckers. Sorry.
Um, as for my opinions on the song, 11. Best cage match pick ever.
Yo, you asshole.
No, my favorite part of that song is when he's ratting off to different chicken places.
It's not bad. You know what, it's very Guitar Freaks. I can see it in Guitar Freaks, totally.
It sounds like you sang Pooh Pooh.
Yeah, whatever, whatever, 7, whatever.
Okay, so your entries, your possible votes, and send those votes to Sky in the chatroom right now.
You can vote for the Sandbone Trio with Born to Be Bone, which is off a CD that's not it.
Okay, you don't get clips of the songs tonight. If you don't remember them, you suck.
So you get Born to Be Bone from the Sandbone Trio, the Aquabats with Magic Chicken, or Madonna with Mother and Father.
And not Duck Toy.
And not Ducktoy. If you vote for Ducktoy, you get kicked.
So, send me your votes in the chatroom right now over a private message to Sky.
Unless it's Sunday, because we're pre-taped this week.
So if you know the super-secret time that we're taping, send them right now.
If you're in the chatroom right now, I actually want to hold off just really fast.
I want to get one more news story out in the open before we go to a break.
Rob has a confession.
I have a confession to make.
I am homo sapien.
OK.
I don't know if you guys have heard about this yet, but have
you ever been to those sites, Petition Online, like where
you can sign petitions?
And no one really gives a fuck about them?
No one really cares.
Like they had a petition to save Frenchie on American Idol
that got like 500,000 signatures.
You didn't do shit.
Well, somebody decided, well, maybe we can get petitions to
work for once.
We're going to petition for Konami of Japan to release a new version of BeatMania 2DX
to the consumer.
However, there's a catch to this petition.
I'll read this.
This is a petition asking Konami for a new release of BeatMania 2DX, preferably seventh
style for the Japanese PlayStation 2 console.
For all fans who are looking forward to a new mix, please sign this petition, as it
will be sent directly to Konami of Japan, either KCEJ or Konami Toyo.
This is not a solo project and is part of a larger petition with major Japanese Bimani
fan site.
Any comments you add will be translated into Japanese and sent along with your name to
Konami.
That's kind of the catch.
Thank you for supporting this petition.
So if you want to go sign this petition, I'll post the link in the chat room right now and
hopefully somebody will be kind enough to repaste it at this point in the show on Sunday
when it rebroadcasts.
But the website for this petition is petitiononline.com slash new2dx, but that's the number 2, not
II, as you usually see it.
So it's petitiononline.com slash NEW, the number 2, DX.
So you can go sign that petition, and right now, there's quite a few.
You've got 98 signatures on it so far, so not too bad.
So you can go sign that right now.
You'll be lucky 100 quick get in there right now. Okay, so that's what you can sign if you want to
Petition for seventh style. What do you think of that? Jamie?
What can it hurt, right?
So this would be five whole seconds of my life I can never get back
So after the break, we're gonna come back and yes for seven style after the break
We're gonna come back and we're going to
Announce a match winner and we're gonna club baby seals
we're gonna have hot monkey sex and then we're gonna do a different last hour of
the show then you'll wake up on an island with these shiny new necklaces
and we'll explain what's gonna happen when we come back and I've got a queue
up a break though so I'll break something Jamie give us a deep thought
Sometimes I like to kick people in the nuts.
We're not going to have monkey sex. We'll start with drunk monkey instead.
We'll be back. You're listening to Orange Lawn Radio.
Bye, bye, bye, bye
No more will I wait, I've got to make a move
You never did me wrong
If you knew how I feel
Baby, can't you see?
To make you mind my heart
I found things upside down
How's you for you?
Why don't you love me?
Why don't you know how I think you feel?
All I'm missing
Love me
When you're quickin'
When you're clippin' and shakin'
I've been too long
I've stabbed my teeth
And now I wanna catch you
And make you yell
Love me
You're the city
Again I'm with you
In a moment of loss
Last year we're counting down
Did you really love me?
Did you hold me tight?
No more withering
I've got to make a move
You will never make me wrong
If you knew how I did it, baby
Can't you see?
To make you find the mark
I fell on things upside down
I'm here for you
why
the
hello are you are listening or radio
we and tonight's age-match winner is
big freaking surprise
it's not that song it's the sam bone trio yay one
big surprise
All right, so that's tonight's Big Cage Mesh winner.
Now we have an extra special treat for this evening.
As you may or may not know, sometimes on the station when
we're bored, we'll do a fuck-off show.
So Jamie did one of these the other night, last night, right?
Usually it's just me putting in a random comment and then
playing five hours of music.
And since we don't have a whole lot else to talk about
tonight, we thought we'd treat you with an hour clip of one
of these fuck-off shows.
And it was fun, wasn't it, Jamie?
Yeah, the theme of my fuck-off last night was stupid laws.
Stupid laws.
so that's going to take you out the last hour tonight show
and then uh... it's all done you guys but before that
yes
already that we're going to do the outro of the show first and then go into that
just do the fortune cookie okay
all right here it is so this is it this is
this is the normal fortune cookie for tonight here we go
car theft is on the rise
In America, a car is stolen every 12 seconds.
What can you do to protect your car?
An expensive car alarm system won't protect your car
from being stolen.
The club won't protect the valuables inside your car.
But a big black guy named Ben can.
Get away from the car, motherfucker.
For less than you'd pay for an expensive car alarm system,
and even less than you'd pay for the club,
you can get a big black guy named Ben
to protect your automobile.
Get away from the car, motherfucker.
It's simple to use.
Just leave the big black guy named Ben in your car
whenever you get out, and he does the rest.
Whenever anyone gets within six feet of your car,
Ben simply gets out of the car and tells them.
Get away from the car, motherfucker.
Listen to these testimonials from people
who use a big black guy named Ben.
It's always nice to have someone to ride with,
although he really doesn't say much.
Just get away from the car, motherfucker.
That's about it.
I didn't get a big black guy named Ben to chat with.
I got him to protect my car.
It's the best investment I've ever made.
My neighborhood isn't that great.
There have been a lot of car theft.
I can't tell you how many times I've heard it.
Get away from the car, motherfucker.
Knowing that I've got a big black guy named Ben protecting
my car lets me sleep better at night.
Call now 1-800-1-BIG-GUY.
That's 1-800-1-B-I-G-G-U-Y. And instead of hearing this.
You'll hear this.
Get away from the car, motherfucker.
Alright so, that's it.
Goodnight you guys.
Get away from the car, motherfucker.
We're going to the tape bit now and so enjoy the next hour and thanks for joining us on
this very special edition of Orange Lounge Radio.
Final thought, Jamie?
Um, you get to listen to how bad I snuck last night.
Final thought, guys?
Evan, final thought!
What is the sound of cheese in the morning?
Is it you?
Or is it what you want to be?
And my final thought is...
PUSSY!
Good night.
Yay!
Now, just to go ahead and say this again, we are recording for the Sunday show because
both Rob and I will be off at Rocky doing a Rocky show in Davis more details
on that in a minute um so if you're hearing me say all this crap right now
and it's Sunday I ain't here um anyway I'm gonna go ahead and get into some
other stuff they're downstairs watching Futurama or playing Zelda or some crap so
So here's some music.
You better watch that, coming at ya, you better watch that, coming at ya
The music just tearin' me up.
Better watch that, coming at ya Better watch that, coming at ya
The music just turns me up.
Just turn your feet up, up, up, up, up.
Up, up, up, up, up.
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh.
I can't wait to see you in the next video!
Thank you so much for watching!
Please like and subscribe!
Shinchi sate de
Wai, atteke na sakara
Uma reimushi
Wai, shidana ito tode
This is the end of the video.
Thank you for watching.
Please like and subscribe.
And now, I'm taking a moment to close my AOL, I am closing AOL, I am closing AOL,
guys seem like crap goodbye anyway this is a request well it was requested
anyway I'm gonna be live a bit more tonight to go ahead and make you know
make some interesting conversation of course it's all one sided since you can't
talk back. Anyway, here's the request.
playing
playing
playing
playing
playing
playing
playing
Oh
Ha, ha, ha, ha!
Boom!
This is the way we dance, This is the way we rock,
This is the way we vibe, as we demonstrate, as we demonstrate
Do you know what it was? A piece of pie?
Don't tell me that means that I
Toss a rose and I cover the eye, doing the vibe
Cause I spy, he means fly
This is the way we dance, this is the way we rock
This is the way we ride, as we demonstrate, as we demonstrate
This is the sound
This is the sound
Everybody wants a piece of the pie
Yeah, here comes the playback, you know how we do
And you play in this area, get down
Hit the beat, don't give up the fight, hit the drop
Still up, hit the beat in the air, hit the play floor
Get up, hit the beat, you can be the shadow behind
If you're down double, you're gonna be blind
Like your enemy, you play like a fool
It's cool, it's cool, it's cool, it's cool
If you knew better, maybe you would have had it, why better?
It's truly your magic, under the moonlight
Love is like a body, we don't love what we are, don't you mind?
Do a nest and just move to the tail, the bird is watching me
Monkey dance, monkey dance, make you stop
Shake your body down, sleep on the monkey down
Let's get together, on the floor, yeah, baby
Monkey dance, monkey dance, let me share
Move your body down, sleep on the monkey dance
Look at them, tell them to the rest of you to die!
The coldest common air's on the mountain top The coldest monkey that ever hoped
He knew that every magic train would wander the sun
He'd forgotten everyone and had some fun
Monkey Magic, Monkey Magic, Monkey Magic, Monkey Magic
There's a little, little monkey magic Just about to touch the mountain
And I'll never let a monkey die
Better let the monkey die
Born from an egg on a mountain top
The punkiest monkey that ever was
He knew every last thing under the sun
He'd cheat the gods and everyone had some fun
Get monkey magic, get monkey magic
You're my duty, you're my calling to death
I'm not a star, I'm a star
If you wanted to think that you're a star
You're a city, I'm not a fan
If you wanted to, you're a highly-known
People, they won't give you
My only thing to love
My only thing to love
What do you write a song for?
I don't mind, don't need to talk to me
Go live!
Go live!
Before there were words, communication was done through feet.
Body language is controlled by rhythm.
Think it's a universal link
Feel this, feel me
Huh, huh
Think of this world without sound
Can't even feel a heart pound
Wasting time, wasting lives, wasting self
You're a big help
You play me a drum and I'll beat on it
Place the guitar, I'll trade
Show me your soul, we'll lose control
And the beat that can't be getting through this
Yeah, that's right
Come on, I can't hear you
What, what, I can't feel you
I'll tell you what, c'mon, throw it up Get busy, get busy, that's right
Here we go y'all, make music Give me your time and I'll send it
Tell me your name and I'll say it Where's the hell, don't blow it
The last time when I left you Where's the mic, I'll rip it
Show me the club, it's the one Get me a light, I'll send it
Where ya going?
Just follow the beat!
Just follow the beat!
COME ON!
It'll bring the heat!
Just follow the beat!
Just follow the beat!
COME ON!
IT'LL BRING THE HEAT!
LET'S GO!
That's what it is!
Come on!
Well, um, since we've been here a long time, it's been a long time since we've been here.
In Alabama, it is illegal for a driver to be blindfolded while operating the vehicle.
In Arkansas, it is illegal to mispronounce Arkansas while in Arkansas.
In California, community leaders passed an ordinance that makes it illegal for anyone to try and stop a child from playfully jumping over puddles of water.
And it's illegal to eat an orange in your bathtub.
In Connecticut, you can be stopped by the police for biking over 65 miles an hour.
And you are not allowed to walk across the street on your hands.
A pickle is not officially a pickle unless it bounces.
In Florida women may be fined for falling asleep under a hair dryer
as can the salon over. Special law prohibits unmarried women from
parachuting on Sunday
or she shall risk arrest, fine and or jailing.
3. If an elephant is left tied to a parking meter, the parking fee has to be paid just as it would for vehicle.
In Sarasota it is illegal to sing in a public place while retired in a swimsuit.
Men may not be seen publicly in any kind of strapless gown.
In Illinois, it is illegal for anyone to give lighted cigars to dogs, cats, or other domesticated animals kept as pets.
In Indiana, bathing is prohibited during the winter.
The citizens are not allowed to attend the cinema or theater, nor ride in the public streetcar within at least four hours after eating garlic.
In Iowa, kisses may last for as much, but no more than five minutes.
In Kentucky, by law, anyone who has been drinking is sober until he or she cannot hold onto the ground.
It is illegal to transport an ice cream cone in your pocket.
In Louisiana, it is illegal to rob a bank and then shoot at the bank teller with a water pistol.
Biting someone with your natural teeth is simple assault, while biting someone with your false teeth is aggravated assault.
In Massachusetts, mourners at a lake may not eat more than three sandwiches.
Storing is prohibited unless all bedroom windows are closed and securely locked.
An old ordinance declares goatees illegal unless she first pay a special license fee
for the privilege of wearing one in public. In Minnesota, it is illegal to give or receive
oral sex. In Nebraska, a parent can be arrested if his child cannot hold back a burp during
a church service. In New Mexico, females are strictly forbidden to appear and shave in
public. In New York, a fine of $25 can be levied for flirting. This old law specifically
prohibits men from turning around on any city street and looking at a woman in that way.
A second conviction for a crime of this magnitude calls for the violating male to be forced to wear a pair of horse blinders whenever and wherever he goes outside for a stroll.
A North Dakota beer and pretzels can't be served at the same time in any bar or restaurant.
An Ohio limit are prohibited from wearing patent leather shoes in public.
In Oklahoma, violators can be fined, arrested, or jailed for making ugly faces at a dog.
Females are forbidden from doing their own hair without being licensed by the state.
Dogs must have a permit signed by the mayor in order to congregate in groups of three or more on private property.
In Pennsylvania, a special cleaning ordinance bans housewives from hiding dirt and dust under a rug in a dwelling.
No man may purchase alcohol without written consent from his wife.
In South Carolina, it is legal to beat your wife on a Sunday morning on the steps of the State House.
Texas, a city ordinance states that a person cannot go barefoot without obtaining a special $5 permit.
It is legal to take more than three sips of beer at a time while standing, and it is legal to commit homicide as long as you tell the person when and how you are going to kill them.
We needed that for Battle Royale.
In Vermont, lawmakers make it obligatory for everyone to take at least one bath a week on Saturday night.
Washington, all lollipops are banned. A law to reduce crime states it is mandatory for a motorist with criminal intentions to stop at city limits and telephone the chief of police as he is entering the town.
And in West Virginia, no children may attend school with their breath smelling of wild onions.
And now, I return you to your, uh, listening joy.
yes well you know in Mississippi if there are three people in the room at
least one is of a different gender and they're not wearing their shoes it's an
True. Yes. Right now in my house there is a Mississippi orgy.
I'll tell you how I'm feeling My hustle's far away, so please
Make another deal with the faith Make another shot, no more deal
It's time to say goodbye to life, baby
How much you love? I'm ready to be happy
It's my time, I need to say
You think that it's a bad thing for you
You don't know that we can't just be good children
It's a bad thing for you
I can't take no more
I know that it's a bad thing for you
It's a bad thing for you
Oh, yeah
You know what I'm feeling
Looking at me inside
I don't mean that I
But you must mean that I
I'm living in your reality
I'm a loser
Most of all, I've made up my mind
Who are you?
What is that yoni?
I make you look at how about that story?
But yoni?
We're not here.
She knows us.
But can I?
You know the thing.
She loves us.
I don't know.
We are.
She didn't any time.
I got you.
It's a penny.
I mean, I got it.
I got it.
She's like, I will.
I got it.
Oh, shoot.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Lookin' like you're gettin' caught up, oh Lookin' like you're gettin' caught up, oh
Yeah
This is the end of the video, please like, share, and subscribe to my channel.
Oh, yay!
It's an American type of ride
The coast is the sun I get on type of ride
Monster, monster, type of ride
So young for not a young
Time for wine
Oh, you're in my life, in my dreams
Oh
Oh
I don't know what you're looking for
But if you don't know
Then maybe you can see that
I don't know what you're looking for
And now it's time for more stupid laws!
These are some Alabama state laws.
dominoes may not be played on sunday
it is illegal to wear a fake mustache that causes laughter in church
putting salt on a railroad track may be punishable by death
boogers may not be flicked into the wind
uh... let's see
masks may not be worn in public
men may not spit in front of the opposite sex
you may not drive barefooted
It is illegal to impersonate a person of the clergy.
And in Mobile, Alabama, it is unlawful to howl at ladies inside the city limits, and
it is unlawful to wear women's pumps with sharp, high heels.
And in Montgomery, it is considered an offense to open an umbrella on the street for fear
of spooking horses.
Of course, that's been repealed since then.
And now that all of the neat, crappy laws are over, and I think that I'm going to go
ahead and stop the recording right now and play some games.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by Dark Sakura, Sky, and Loki.
If you'd like to leave us a comment, send us an email at orangeloungeradioatyahoo.com.
And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
Not as we know it, not as we know it It's quite dim, but not as we know it, not
Yeah, Klingons on the starboard now, starboard now, starboard now
There's Klingons on the starboard now, starboard now
Star trekking across the universe
On the star ship Enterprise, on the captain's ship
Star trekking across the universe
Fully going forward, still catch on research
I'm the passion enterprise, I'm the catching curse
Star trekking across the universe
I'll be going forward and things are getting worse
You cannot change the laws of physics
Are we coming?
Please shoot to kill, shoot to kill, shoot to kill
We're coming, please shoot to kill, Scotty, bring me up, bitch
Worse than that, eat that, Jim
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
So many nights we end up as computer stars
And you believe in your life that she, she had it all set
With you, with you, with you
They know you just can't stop
I wanna be with you, with you, with you
Wherever you are
You see you've been my heart Why do we speak out loud like this?
I'd like to share the rhythm of a talking How can I keep repeating the same old lies?
You and I, we've had this together Why do we speak out loud like this?
I wanna spend the rest of my life with you How do we know we'll be together?
I'll always do it this way, man
My love won't do nothing to you
And then I'm gonna make her be the one
So many days we wasted under the sky, watching the sun go up and the compilers came.
So many nights we ended up completed stars.
And you really are like that, she, she held me the same day
With you, with you, with you
The universe is on its side
I wanna be with you, with you, with you
Wherever you are, you see you in my eyes
Why do we sit down like this?
I like to share the little more I told you
How can I keep repeating the same old lies?
You and I, we've ever seen this on you
Why do we stick around like this?
I won't expect the rest of my life to do
Why do we know we'll be together?
I wanna do it this way, man
Man and woman do nothing to you
Man and woman make up in the wild
So many moments ago
Just make a real moment
Just make a real moment
Oh
I can't wait to see you again
Yeah, yeah
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
woo, it's the monkey funky thing
y grunting
Ow!
Ow!
Ow!
Ow!
Ow!
Ay!
Ow!
Ow!
Ow!
Ow!
Ow!
One, two, three, four!
Ow!
Ow!
Remix
Remix
Solid Snake, Solid Snake, Solid Snake, Can you hear what I'm saying?
Load it down the ticket man, they want you back
I'm gonna kick your ass, beat them, kill them all
Down, what am I gonna do?
Have you ever think of them like this?
And I'll see you in the next video!
I need this all the way, I need this all the way, I need this all the way, more than that
Oh
Put that body, pump that body Put that body, pump that body Put it, put it, put it, put it all
Here's some good freebacks Here's some good freebacks Here's some good freebacks
Put it all!
OH!
OH!
OH!
OH!
OH!
OH!
I'm-
I'm How Beat!
I-
I-
I-
I'm Beat!
Another day in my work is all done
I can leave all my cares behind now
I'm out to play I'm gonna have me some fun
In a world that is totally mine
I'm gonna fall, feel myself run out of light
No, they just can't take your fear
I will turn it over, I'll feel it inside
Feel my head come to my feet
My life ends up being a long, dark, life
Naturalize me with no fear
As the morning happens, I'm doing this live
I blow my heart down to my knees
This is the way we dance, this is the way we rock, this is the way we vibe
As we demonstrate, as we demonstrate, straight
Everybody wants a piece of the pie
Pots, amigos, miso, ah
Cosas, rosas, la gabe de ador, the fight
Cos I spy, let me fly
This is the way we dance
This is the way we rock
This is the way we ride
As we demonstrate, as we demonstrate
This is the sound
This is the sound
Everybody wants a piece of the pie
Pulsing me that means the eye
with a series of unintended threats to be more microphone and pepper.
Get up in the mornin' it's a crack and a thong You also like your house all day
You think that a man has to do for a livin' That we keep the reaper away
Things that a man has to do for a living
Have to keep the reaper away
Somebody give me a break
I've had a bunch that nobody can take
Nobody did you
Nobody sees you
Nobody ever breaks free from life
Bad city, bad, bad city
Bad city, bad
Bad city, bad, bad city
Bad city, bad
We should gather around the yard We should gather around the corner
We took a crucial road And we never dreamed so
Oh
a
a
a
a
a
Give me your love, give it to me, give me that good love
Baby, give me your love, I'm the one who should give you love
I'm looking to be dead through the dawn
Can you clearly see?
I could give you more than time
You call me friend but you can't most believe
I want to live
There is more to me
When late at night
You're all I need
