On tonight's program, ladies and gentlemen, we're gonna have a follow-up. We're gonna talk a lot about a follow-up to something we did last week.
Talking about Orange Lounge Radio jumping the shark. For reals, yo.
We didn't jump the shark as much as we landed on it.
You didn't jump the shark as much as I thought you were gonna.
Well Todd, it's going to all make sense tonight. We're going to finally reveal what happened this week, and why you guys are going to really get a kick out of this.
Also on this show, the Ferret comes out of the closet.
Yes, and the Ferret is getting his own show on Logo. Go figure.
Also, I have a secret, and I'm going to tell you my secret. My secret is that I'm gay. No, I'm kidding. We have a real secret.
No! I would have never guessed!
All this and more when we come back, so get ready.
Orange Lounge Radio is presented in the TMI Sound Format.
a
Come on!
Oh God!
Heh heh heh heh!
Call me Daddy.
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain many four letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of beauty.
Orange Lounge may contain plenty of-
B-B-B-B-B-B-Cocky?
Just kidding!
And Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that in this episode.
Well isn't that special!
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com
And now, here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Sky, and Loki.
We are live, and this is episode number 160 for this October 16, 2005.
You're tuned in to Orange Lounge Radio, radio the gamers really want.
We give you what you want, what you really, really want.
And this is Orange Lounge Radio Live, your home for all the news and discussion on rhythm
and music games, as well as the gamer community and the pop culture world.
We're plugged in and fully interactive through our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
My name is Rob Roberts.
You might know me as Sky, or you might know me as That Guy.
Hey, you guys!
Stop distracting me.
Joining me, as always, are my awesome co-hosts.
Sometimes I wish we were a TV show.
Joining me as always are my awesome co-hosts. Say hello to Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
I don't know why you're talking about all this live crap, because I feel half-dead.
We're actually reanimated tonight. We're not really alive yet.
In honor of Land of the Dead being released to DVD.
I must have Zombie Movie Fest. And I found my copy of Shaun of the Dead.
So we must all watch this.
Alright. Sounds good.
Also joining us tonight, the one and only, the beautiful Loki.
I'm beautiful today, I guess.
Our sex symbol on the show here.
Wow, that's funny. I thought that was the ferret.
And to celebrate Loki being the sex symbol, he's actually wearing nothing but a bikini tonight.
And the shirt and pants, minus the bikini?
Again, reasons why we need to be a TV show.
So all of you out there can see through the lies. All the lies.
We won't be able to see through the lies because we'll be blinded by your white ass.
My ass is not that white.
I'll take your word for it. What do you tan your ass?
I don't tan my ass.
Are you a dude sunbather?
I don't sunbathe at all. That involves going outside. I don't like outside.
Alright, say hello to our special guest tonight, the one, the only, DDR Angel.
Hello.
How are you?
Good.
How are you today?
Nintendogs.
You're playing Nintendogs?
My Nintendogs, I think, floated to the top of the bowl, finally.
I think, uh...
Hey, I got a Dalmatian.
I named him IKEA.
I know, that was my...
Nice.
No, that wasn't my suggestion.
No, no.
My suggestion was Alpo.
That you name your dog Alpo.
You wouldn't name him Alpo, and he wouldn't respond to Alpo.
So, I named him IKEA after what looked like meatballs all over his body.
It was better than naming him, you know, Smallpox.
Oh.
Also, in the studio, say hello to the one and only newly-shaven, by the way.
That's what threw me off, is that X of her was telling me earlier today that he was never going to shave off his beard.
And he fucking did it!
He fucking did it!
Liar, liar, pants on fire.
I was going to do that little, you know, chin bacon strip thing, you know, is that what
that's called?
Yeah, it's called a bacon strip when it's in another place.
Oh, okay.
Well, I call it the chin bacon strip.
I thought that was the Brazilian wax job.
No, Brazilian wax...
I'll have extrovert explain a Brazilian wax job a little later in the show.
Brazilian wax job.
Maybe we should leave that to Mr. Spanky.
God, it's going to be one of those nights.
Why don't you look that up on Wikipedia?
See if we can...
Okay, I'll do that right now.
See if Brazilian wax jobs over on Wikipedia and you can explain that to all the kids exactly what that's all about.
Yeah, I just decided to shave it all off.
Did you shave it all off?
I'm totally bald.
I'm kidding.
Okay. Yeah, anyway. Tonight's show should be okay. Tonight's gonna be an okay show. Don't get your hopes up. No, I'm kidding. We're gonna have a good time.
I saw Serenity again.
We're gonna talk about How Was Your Week, How Was Your Day. We're gonna talk about Orange on the Radio, Almost Jumping the Shark. We're gonna talk about My Little Surprise. We're gonna talk about a lot of stuff tonight. And maybe we'll play a game. We haven't played a game on the show in a while, so I think we need to do some Bimani match games.
Can we also talk about Opening the Door?
opening the door. Brazilian Waxing is on the Wikipedia. Is it? Okay. And I'm going to listen
to the chatroom. Darkstalker is going to research Brazilian Waxing and then talk to you all
about it soon. And Expert is going to open the damn door so we can get some air in here.
Thank you. Alright. We will be back after this. In this break I have queued up some
old school music. So it's just a potpourri of stuff. But it's old. Like all this shit
is like three years old. So we're going to hear some old shit. And stuff we don't play
Well, our listeners are used to that. They've been paying attention to us for three years.
Exactly. Three and a half.
Three and a half years. We're like toddlers. We're potty trained now. We're learning how to read.
Okay, suck, Reena. You know this wouldn't be the show if we didn't at least have five sexual references during the show.
Remember, adult.
Ron Chen says, Orange Lounge Radio, more sex, less bimani. Hey, in a perfect world, we would be about sex and bimani.
me. Yeah, anyway, we'll be back after this with Orange Launch Radio where we'll talk
video where we'll talk about a lot of SEX and some games.
Oh
a
a
a
a
a
You
Come on, come on, come on!
Come on!
The
Hello? Hello, is this thing on? Testing? Testing 1-2?
I'm looking in the index, but I don't see anything for how to run a radio show.
Hello? I don't understand this. This thing works.
This thing reads like stereo instructions.
Is this on?
What the hell?
Orange Lounge Radio. Rope down. Get open body radio.
What the f***?
We are back, and Bob had to run to the bathroom with explosive diarrhea from the burrito he
ate a moment ago.
It really stinks, so he had the vent on and everything, but, um, I decided to go ahead
and fill the gap I would call our resident expert on all things that are very TMI, Mr.
Spanky!
Oh, do it all night, do it with me, I'll take you to the house, and make you feel free,
hello everybody oh my god it's been forever since I've been on this show
what's wrong with you people I thought you didn't love me hello everybody it's
mr. spanky it's your favorite DDR dancer from DDR PC
does anybody play DDR PC anymore I'm using it to hold up via the table
everybody forgot about me that's okay that's okay that you people forget about
mr. spanky because it gives me a lot of time to learn about sex and as I
understand it the kids today want to learn about Brazilian waxing I'm gonna
talk a little bit about Brazilian waxing to the kids today except okay if you're
like really a kid you don't want to listen cuz you're more than day I might
get upset with you for listening and anyway Brazilian waxing has to do with
your pubic hair. And if you're a kid, you don't have pubic hair. So this doesn't matter
to you. However, Dr. Sackler, I know you want to know about this stuff. So pay attention.
Okay, so I'm going to tell you guys about Brazilian waxing. Basically what it is, in
a Brazilian wax, it's a waxing of your pubic area. And it means you completely remove the
hair around your vulva. Okay, but you only have a vulva if you're a woman. If you're
a guy, it takes away all the hair around your penis. Okay? Not only that though, it's not
just like a pubic waxing job. A Brazilian wax means they wax your ass too. So they take
away all the hair around your anus. So in order for them to do this, they have to coat
you in hot wax. So they have to coat you in hot wax around your penis and your anus or
Or your boba if you're a girl.
So this means you have to get naked with whoever is doing it but you know some people like
to get naked so it's okay.
And so they're going to rip away all that wax and they're going to leave you with a
really clean butt and penis and vagina.
Well hopefully you don't have all three.
So anyway this is related to a type of sexual activity called acomoclictic which means you
have a preference for hairless genitals, and I happen to know for a fact, except for who
I ran into at the sex club the other night, has this preference for hairless genitals,
don't you? That was you? Yes, that was me, with the gag, and the ball. I was wondering
who that hairless anus belonged to, and now that I know it was you, I am so thrilled.
Okay. Well, I'm gonna go now, kids, so you can talk about the DDR, but I hope you learned
a good lesson today. So remember, check it out, DDRPC, Mr. Spanky, one of the downloadable
characters, only $5 in the bargain bin at Freud's. Bye, everybody!
Bye, Mr. Spanky! Rob, get out of the bathroom!
Oh, do it all night, do it with me, I'll take you to heaven if you make me feel free.
Make sure to spray some Febreze in there or something.
I'm back.
You better?
Yeah, I'm a little better.
You didn't tell anybody why I was gone, did you?
No.
Oh, okay.
Good.
All right.
Anyway, it says we were talking about jumping the shark.
Oh, yeah, yeah, we were going to talk about jumping the shark.
Well, let's get to first a little bit of How Was Your Week, How Was Your Day.
It's how we always like to start the show off.
I mean, we would never start the show any other way with things that are completely
random or rude or completely off base or anything.
Never.
No, never.
Dark Sakura.
You know, for any game companies that might be listening tonight.
Hahahaha.
DarkSakura, how was your week? How was your day?
My week was fabulous, in a really busy, crappy way.
Um, I played a new game that I'm not going to talk about right now.
And, uh, Dan got me the Lawyer game for DS.
I don't remember what it's called.
The Black Gate?
Phoenix Wright.
Phoenix Wright, Attorney at Law.
And he's been playing it!
I want to see this, it sounds cool.
And apparently it's been, like, you do murder cases and shit like that.
And then, uh, I played, I tried to play Katamari and it was like, ooh, it's Star Wars!
So, cause he bought, like, all the rest of the Star Wars, not Star Wars, Star Trek movies.
So he's been, like, uber Trekkie mode.
I finished season one of Stargate!
Ooh!
And then self serenity again, because I'm a big nerd.
That you are, no disputing that.
We had the Katrina relief sale on Friday night.
Yes we did.
So a whole bunch of stuff, and we've managed to pull in $130 for the charity, so we are
going to be delivering that, and all the leftovers are going to be going to the Salvation Army.
I also am going to be acquiring more things for giveaways on the show.
Very cool.
We like giveaways.
We're giving away two PSP games on tonight's podcast.
Fabulous.
I also started my Dreamweaver class, which is, I'll put it this way, how bored I was.
She made us stay in there for the whole two hour orientation so that she could show people
how to change font.
By the time the first person was done changing their background color, I had the assignment
that she wanted us to do done, uploaded ready.
I changed the text sizes.
I changed the fonts, I changed the background color,
I added in line breaks and the bar thing.
And then I even put a picture on it.
So I'll be linking that in the chat room,
what I did in my class.
I saw your web page.
And I did this in like 15 minutes.
That's actually with two revisions.
And after going back and adding in the stuff
that she wanted us to do in class.
And the TA came up and said, have you used this before?
I said, yeah, Dreamweaver 4.
She's like, that's the one I started with.
You're going to love this class.
So I've already made my impressions.
Good.
Good deal.
And I dropped a class.
What'd you drop?
Technical communication and plain English.
Awesome teacher, but four classes,
working full time, the show, and going to the gym,
ain't going to happen.
So I went to the gym twice this week.
Be proud of me.
Good job.
That's more times than I went to the gym.
I went to the gym real time.
And then I ate ice cream all day,
Because Baskin-Robbins has pumpkin ice cream,
and everyone should go have some.
I want to go have some.
I just might.
And that's it.
Loki, how was your week?
My week was OK.
Thursday, we left the Tahoe for our company's 25th anniversary.
So that was kind of cool.
We got a bunch of DVDs and stuff that I'll
be turning in for more games.
Then, was it last night?
We actually had a party for our 25th anniversary, and they had the coolest thing ever.
They got the guy from that show, That's My Bush, to do this long ass, like, just speech
on video, and it's hilarious.
I mean, this guy is spot on for President Bush, so it was really cool, just really awesome,
and I drank lots of alcohol that was free.
So that was also cool.
The other thing I did this week was basically just, I don't know, try to play some more
new games.
I got SSX on tour, that was pretty cool, and I don't know, just same old stuff, work stuff,
and lots of driving, fucking hate driving, and worked on the PSP web page.
Lots of fun.
O-L-R-P-S-P dot com.
Yes.
It's sexy.
Check it out. It's gonna be even sexier soon. Ooh, good to hear.
Oh shit, I forgot that I linked this week. I talked to my main name.
Oh, what? You just linked it?
Um, I made a boo-boo.
Oh, well. Who cares?
Yeah, maybe the chatroom will notice what it is.
Yeah, right. Who will? Oh well.
Uh, is that it?
That'd be it. That's all I can think of that was interesting.
Okay, sounds good.
Uh, Xtaphar, how was your week? How was your day?
it went well I mean it was boring really didn't do really anything worked saw the
family yesterday you know did my shaven thing today you know but not the
Brazilian way no I didn't I didn't do the Brazilian why I can't shave my
genitals I mean if I shave my genitals I mean I break out so it it doesn't look
very pleasing to the eye. It looks like herpes? It doesn't look like herpes. That's the purpose
of waxing, you don't shave. Well waxing I'm pretty sure would make me break out too. Maybe
I just have really sensitive skin around the area. I think we all have sensitive skin around
the area yeah especially the penis and you know let's say the balls so that's
that's that one episode of Beavis and Butthead where the gym teachers like
today we're going to talk about the penis forget it
Whoo! How was your week? How was your day, Angel?
My computer exploded on Friday.
It, like, literally blew up in a giant hall of flames? I don't know. The power supply went
poof, so... Angel doesn't have a computer
for a while, unless
I can, like, fix it tonight. I've been having
trouble with it for the last couple days. It's been doing some weird stuff that I...
So what exactly does the power supply do when it explodes?
It stinks really bad.
Shut up, Exeter.
Comments that nobody could hear except for me.
Yeah, that's fine.
And we went to a party yesterday, but that's okay.
And it was fun and it was good to see people and stuff like that.
And yeah, I guess that's it.
Um, I've been working, uh, in school and stuff like that.
Uh, that's it. Oh, and I found my Final Fantasy XI discs, so you know what I'm gonna be doing this week if I can get the computer running.
Addict!
Hey! I've also been playing World of Warcraft.
You need to be playing World of Warcraft with me, thank you.
Yeah, I have that. I've been playing that for-
What stuff are you on?
Right now, I'm playing on Maelstrom, but, um, I also have-
I'm playing on Scarlet Crusade.
Yeah, I have one on Scarlet Crusade that I haven't logged into for a week because of...
I'm only level 7, so it's all cool.
Yeah. I'll wait for you to catch up to me then.
I'm like 32 on that server.
Anyway, yeah, that's it for me I guess. Bye.
Okay, bye.
Until later.
Okay. Let's see, what did I do this week? Really, not a whole lot.
I worked my ass off, that's what I did.
And I haven't had time for a whole lot of games. I've just been playing Castlevania DS a lot, which I'm making very slow progress on, and I've been playing a little bit of Final Fantasy XI.
Not a lot, though. I haven't gained a level or anything. Final Fantasy XI is kind of annoying me, but I'll talk about that later.
Final Fantasy XI is getting very annoying, so we'll talk about that later.
Um, and, um, I think that's really about it. I mean, God, I went to Target, like, twice this weekend, which is pretty cool, because I love Target. Is Target not the greatest store, ever?
Um, I, it's not.
People Walmart.
I don't, see, I don't like Walmart.
Oh my God.
I don't like going into Walmart.
Thinking about Walmart, like, I went to my hometown this weekend, and, like, they're building the biggest-ass Walmart there. There's, like, four entrances in the front. It's going to be a super center.
And we're getting one around the corner from my house.
Really?
Super Walmart is the best if you're poor and need groceries, because you get real groceries, but they're half the price.
I want Super Target.
There's a Super Target in the place that I grew up as well.
But you can't get cheap groceries.
They don't have a full grocery store in them.
And not at Target Greatland, but there's also Super Target. It might have a different name, but there's three levels of Target.
There's regular Target, Greatland, and then Mondo Target.
Uber Target!
Uber Target, like really big Target.
We just need the Orange Lodge Grocery Store.
Has a little, you know, video games section.
You know, my dream grocery store would be just like that old TV show, Shop Till You Drop.
That's still on.
Is that still on?
Yeah.
No, what?
No, wait, Shop Till You Drop.
Is it the old-ass reruns from like the early, late 80s?
No, no, they still have, it was the one that was on Lifetime, right?
Yeah.
Yeah, they still have that.
It's like on, I think it's on PAX TV.
Lifetime television for women.
Yeah, now it's on Lifetime television for Christians.
Christians, um, you know, PAX TV. Oh, PAX TV. Yeah, but, um, no, it's, it's, uh, it's
still on there, I believe. Supermarket Sweep, that's what it's called. Supermarket Sweep
is rad, okay? Oh, why was I thinking Shop To You Drop? That must have been another show.
There was, oh, I think that was one that was where they go. Oh, it was the mall. There's
the mall one, yeah, they don't have that one anymore. I didn't mean that one, I meant Supermarket
Sweep. That's what I meant. Okay, yeah, they still have that. Supermarket Sweep is badass.
You'd like throw in those canned hams into this cart?
It was pretty badass.
But they never ever won.
They never ever found all of the things that they needed.
They totally won on that show.
I've seen it.
Like, I didn't.
I've seen winners.
I've seen winners.
I can't believe I got those two shows confused.
Weren't they on in like the same hour?
Like it was like the shopping hour on Lifetime?
Yeah, I believe it was.
Okay.
I figured it out.
The chat room is correcting me because we're like,
there's like a minute of lag between the chat and us.
It's just always kind of funny because everybody's yelling,
it's supermarket sweep, not chat till you drop.
Our chat room, by the way, www.orangeontrader.com.
Click on chat if you want to chat away with us.
All right.
Let's start off tonight by talking about a little bit
of follow up from last week.
Bleached assholes?
No, not that.
No, no, no. I think we should talk about bleach circles.
No, I'm done with the sex talk for tonight. Jesus.
I'm not.
I know you're never done with the sex talk. That's your problem.
All right. Let's talk about what happened this week with Orange Launch Radio.
Jamie, do you want to kind of set this story up? What happened?
Is this about Thursday?
Yes.
Okay. Last week, I got an email. Well, technically the week before.
before.
I get an email from our friends at KCRA, the local news station, the ones who had interviewed
us before about podcasting.
You might remember the KCRA interview as very famous.
It was so much fun.
Oh, it's so much fun.
So I get an email from their project manager who wants us to work for a story play testing
a game brought to us by Red Octane.
Now instantly we're like, is this in the groove?
No, it wasn't.
But admittedly, until Thursday, I was operating on the assumption that yes, it was going to be in the groove and another game.
So that's why I was commenting last week that you guys are going to get a big kick out of this,
because we're going to be talking about in the groove on TV and getting our honest, unedited opinion on the game.
But no, instead it's another game.
On Thursday, in my living room, which everyone can now see the awesomeness of my red couches,
we played Guitar Hero.
And that game is awesome.
So I didn't get to do this because of a scheduling conflict, meaning my boss wouldn't give me
the day off work.
You guys got to go play Guitar Hero.
So you and Loki are going to be in a segment.
When's this going to air?
Do we know?
In a couple weeks.
on the confirmation email from... I actually would work with another project manager.
Okay, cool. So we'll actually post this on the site, obviously, when it's ready.
We'll let you guys know about this.
So what's the deal? What happened with Guitar Hero? What's it like? Tell us all about it.
Well, first of all, everyone needs a picture in their head what the...
and I'm going to use the easiest comparison, the controller.
Imagine the Guitar Freaks controller.
Now, imagine the body style license from Gibson, as in a real guitar shape, five buttons, and
a whammy bar.
So yeah, it's pretty awesome.
And the way that you move your hands like, it has an interface, because the game is put
up by harmonics.
The people who gave us res, not res, frequency and amplitude, why'd I say res, but it has
a very similar interface where the keys are coming toward you, but on your easiest difficulty
you have three, then it goes to four on medium, then it's five and up for the harder difficulties.
If I remember correctly, I think it's three for easy, um, medium is three with the occasional
fourth. Well, it goes up to four for medium, that's just what I just said. Anyway, um,
but the way that you're moving your hands on it as you play it has a very, very real
guitar feel to it you're they even go so far as to what they call it fret buttons
your the little switch for you know where your strings would be is actually
called the strum bar and you have your whammy bar it's built with micro
switches in it so you can actually hold them you have a notes that you hold like
you're really strumming them it's really pretty cool you build up your meter by
by wailing hard songs I played in it I played I want to be sedated I played
twenty, twenty, twenty-four hours ago. I want to be the baby.
That sounds awesome.
And I played More Than a Feeling, which was Boston.
Oh.
That's on one of the, they have them grouped as like groups of five songs in each difficulty class.
Oh.
And then as you play, but you can actually do each song on it at different difficulties too.
So you will basically judge, you can work up through the list on easy and then work up through the list on medium
and actually get your challenge out of it that way.
weird setup. So it's not like a giant song wheel like we're used to in the
Beaumont games? No. In this game, if Guitar Freaks were a 10, this game would blow that
scale apart and put it up, you know, it would be a hundred on a scale of one to
ten, I think. Wow. It's really awesome. Now, is it set up like frequency and amplitude
then? Because that's how, okay, that's how like frequency and amplitude are. It's like
groups of five and then you play through it and then there's like the bonus song
you might unlock at the end. The bonus songs are actually, are all originals,
original songs. So this sounds to me like it's pretty much
frequency and amplitude we finally get our sequel except now it's a guitar
game. And they are actually only going to be sold with the guitar with a
price of retail $69.99
but the guitar controller is the best controller
of any type of non-traditional peripheral I have ever
ever seen. It actually has substance and weight to it, not like heavy heavy
but it definitely feels more substantial than the guitar freaks controllers honestly
The song list was fabulous. I mean, it was just really awesome stuff.
Were there actual songs in it, or was it mostly karaoke-style covers?
They were remakes, however, they were done...
They even went so far as to recreate vocal effects.
Just hearing about a lot of the steps they went through to make it as authentic as possible,
as close to the original as possible, just completely...
It was really, really awesome.
Now, Harmonix obviously had a huge part to do with this game, so it really does sound
like...
Because Harmonix obviously also had a big hand in Karaoke Revolution, and the remakes
or whatever they did for Karaoke Revolution were not bad.
They weren't bad.
I mean, obviously not the original, but they're not bad, all things considered.
I've heard much worse remakes.
So kind of that same level of quality going into Guitar Hero, then.
Pretty much.
I mean, it's like they spared no expense, wasted, you know, nothing.
that could have gone into the game to make it feel like the experience of being on stage
and playing in guitar, they've gone out of their way to do. On top of that, you actually
in your career mode, you have a selectable character list. One of the characters was
based off of Keith Richards, but when I first saw this character, me being the Gorillaz
fan I am, he was playing a Flying V. I was like, did they put Murdock in this game? Because
I was like, excuse me, but no, it was actually based off of Keith Richards directly, so I
thought was funny. I had a nerd moment. That's cool. Um, but, it was, there's mega death
in that game. Symphony of Destruction is in that game. What were some of the other songs
you guys can remember? This is Stevie Ray Vaughan, um, who else do you remember? What
did you play? I played Smoke on the Water. Okay. Cause that was awesome. I also played
Iron Man. And, uh, I think it was like Turn It Up or whatever. Where that stupid song
What song is that? It's in the PSP commercial.
Franz Ferdinand song.
Yeah, Franz Ferdinand. I played that.
I checked out some of the unlocked songs because there is apparently a way to key press to unlock all the songs because we watched them do it.
Yep.
So, yeah. Anyways, they had some of the original songs like Guitar Hero, of course, was one that they came up with.
And then I was looking for, apparently there's a freeze-pop song in there, but I didn't see it.
Well, of course, there's got to be a freeze-pop song.
What's the first thing that is a Ziggy Stardust?
Oh, cool.
That's cool.
Sorry.
Yeah, the controller, it's just like a normal controller.
Buttons are sticking.
I had a little bit of button sticking problem, but it wasn't bad.
It was really, you know, it's just like up stuck, fixed, done.
Who cares?
It's pretty cool, though.
Really easy to get into.
The whammy bar thing though kind of throws you off when you're trying to do that because you're supposed to hold the note down for so long and then do a whammy bar thing and it's like, it takes a while to get used to it.
But, um, looks pretty good. Um, I can see the potential for some lawsuits. The game is a little similar to other games, but, um...
The differences I think are substantial enough that they can't, the controller is so completely, you can't do a guitar controller without having it be similar. However, after a little bit of interviewing, the controllers are actually completely built from the ground up. The Switch is built on a different mechanism than the Guitar Freaks controller.
I'm talking about Guitar Freaks. I'm talking about another game. I'm saying this game's too much like Karaoke Revolution. The interface and everything's too similar.
But Harmonix co-made it, so who cares?
Oh, I get it, that's fine then.
They own the patent, so. And on top of that, it doesn't flow side to side, it flows forward.
Eh, whatever. It's an okay game.
Harmonix developed and Konami published Karaoke Revolution, and this time Red Octane is publishing Guitar Hero.
It's a step in the right direction for Octane actually getting real companies to develop games for them, so I think that's great, but I don't know. It's good. I'm looking forward to it since we're not going to get Guitar Freaks until at least next fall. At least, probably never, but yeah, at least.
This game is going to completely blow Guitar Freaks out of the water. I'm sorry.
It sounds interesting because if Guitar Freaks now comes out later this time, they're going to, if it's happening, we don't know, but we can speculate that since Guitar Freaks V is coming out overseas, that maybe now is the time for it here, if it's going to come out.
I'm awfully surprised that they didn't jump with that first instead of Beatmania because I think Guitar Freaks is pretty easy to market to people instead of Beatmania, whereas, you know, DJ Simulator playing a guitar, okay, that makes more sense.
makes more sense. But they're also coming from the import fan base, I think. And how
was DDR really successful? A lot of it was word of mouth, and Beatmania has a really
rabid fan base established, although I think that rabid fan base is going to turn a little
bit on a US version, just because you've seen what's happened with DDR, and people bitch
because, you know, it's not as good as the Japanese versions, and I have this bad feeling
the same thing's going to happen here, although we don't know yet because we haven't seen
The other thing that's...
But...
Sorry, sorry.
I just want to finish my thought here.
Guitar Freaks does not have that same fan base.
I mean, granted, there are loyal Guitar Freaks players out there, but you don't exactly see
GuitarFreak.com or things like that.
You know what I mean?
Like, there's a very established BeatMania base on, like, Bamani-style, very established
DDR base on DDR Freak, but no real solid Guitar Freak base, if you know what I mean.
One thing to mention, though, is all the songs are full-length, so that is something kind of cool.
Although I was kind of wishing that there would be some short versions, too.
Kind of like how Karaoke Revolution doesn't have the option of playing a shorter or longer version of the song.
Would have been nice, but still really cool.
Yeah.
Now, the other thing, though, this other story that they're doing about In the Groove, though,
I couldn't help but think that this story's been done before.
the whole, like, oh, people using the game to lose weight. I mean, come on. It's been
done with DDR. It's just another freaking game ripping off on DDR. Of course, you're
going to lose weight because you're moving around. It's just the same story all over
again, though. I didn't really see why they were covering that.
But they didn't talk to you guys about that story at all.
No, they didn't. They didn't. But they're talking to other people in the community.
But still, it's the same thing. It's like, you know, I don't know. It'd be like, you
doing a story about, like, oh, teen people are playing violent video games, like Grand Theft Auto, and, you know, some people are saying that it's causing kids to commit murder. Okay, now we have kids playing a game called 25 to Life, which is just like Grand Theft Auto, but now we're going to cover the same story all over again, just with another game. It's really repetitive.
I just find it hilarious that we're still getting all this crap about
video games cause violence, yet it's been proven that they don't.
But people want to ignore facts and, you know, have their scandal. So, what can we do about it, huh?
What else will the media say about video games?
Now we're going to get this one. Orange Jones Radio is saying that video games don't cause violence.
You know what causes violence?
People cause violence.
Sucked up people cause violence.
I cause violence.
Guns don't kill people. I do.
Nah, I don't know. It looks like a good game. I'm really looking forward to it.
It's supposed to be coming out I guess in November.
Guitar Hero?
Yeah. So it'll be good. Yeah, not really much more to say.
I want to play it. I'm pissed I didn't get to go and be a media whore like you two.
I got a lot of footage of me playing the game. I did, however, slip.
Did you say it's so fun? I didn't say it's so much fun, but I said
it's so fun. So that's almost as bad.
And I know what you're hoping. Dear God.
Dear God. Whenever there's a YM talking, whatever they are called.
I'm praying here. Dear God, who art in heaven.
Please, I've been a good boy this year and I go to church every Sunday.
Okay, even if that church is called Burger King, who cares?
I praise God in my own special way.
God, don't listen to him. I'm praying. God,
if you're listening right now, I really, really, really, really, really want
KCRA to use the clip of Loki going,
this is so fun and nothing else in
God please show lots of Jamie in the story show lots and lots of Jamie but
please
only show Loki saying it's oh so much fun or whatever the hell he said
I appreciate it love and amen Rob
Jesus Christ
I even caught my sulfur after I'm like ah shit
I can't wait
I'm gonna have my TiVo ready.
I know I'm gonna watch it and be disappointed again.
Just gonna be disappointed.
Alright, we'll see what happens. At least you guys get to be on TV, I'm not even there.
I'm just gonna pretend to be bitter about it for a while, so. Nah, that's cool.
I probably actually, I probably won't even be in it. I'll just be
playing the guitar game. Or you'll see your feet. Or your hands. Cause your feet were in the paper
So why not have your hands on TV? That'd be pretty cool.
Yeah, the hands might work.
Alright.
Or I'll be doing something retarded.
Because I was trying to over-exaggerate the movements that you would play during the game
in hopes of more TV time.
But...
So we're gonna see this clip of Loki during the whammy bar like he's gonna drop to his knees
and go,
I should've done that shit!
I wasn't thinking. See, I didn't prepare.
It's gonna be like that scene in Risky Business where Loki just comes out in a t-shirt in his undies and slides across the floor playing the guitar.
That's what we're gonna see on the news.
I remember one time Dan bringing out my DDR pad on Dreamcast.
Cause it was just sitting there.
And grabbing one of the Guitar Freaks guitars and then rolling around on the floor being a freak, wailing hard.
So he decided that they needed a new game using the iToy called Air Guitar Freaks.
Have it.
Why not? They can do Samba de Amigo with the...
They have a guitar game in iToyPlay3.
What?
Yeah, air guitar.
There's an iToyPlay3?
Yes.
I didn't know that.
Yeah, no one buys them!
iToyPlay1 sucks!
Okay, they have iToyPlay1, iToyPlay2, iToyPlay3, and SpyToy.
They also have iToyChat.
SpyToy?
SpyToy.
Does that mean you can use it to spy on your neighbors who have iToys in their houses?
No, you can use it as a surveillance system, and you can also play spy-themed games.
Let me tell you, there's a lot of itoy games out there that you never hear about, because they suck.
All of them suck.
I want to get itoy chat, and then just sit on the couch naked.
Is that wrong?
Do you need to pray again?
No, I don't.
Dear God, please! Don't let this haven go to hell!
Okay. Stop stealing my bit.
I just want to get itoy chat and then just, you know, join the room and hey guys, what's
up?
I'm just letting it all hang out tonight.
What are you guys up to?
Do they moderate on itoy chat?
How can they?
They can't moderate that, can they?
You can do, I think, up to 20 or 15 people per room or whatever and you can chat via
video and voice.
I think you can do up to 100 people via text chat.
Do they have adult rated rooms, though?
Because like, you know, look at Yahoo!
like the yahoo messenger program, you can do webcams on yahoo
but the only thing i know that people use that yahoo cam thing for
is for sex
or web sex, whatever they call it, cam sex, whatever the hell they call it. Well, I'm not into cam sex
I'm not going to not cam sex for those of you that are into it. Here's the really crappy stuff you can do, you can actually play games
like they have
you know chess, maybe you can do strip chess
bank of the monkey
strip battleship. Wait, you can play chess using your hands and stuff?
you can play chess or any appendage that you can play um... battleship or
naval war is what they call it
oh you suck my battleship
oh baby sink it
but anyways uh...
no they've got uh...
a lot of weird games in this thing uh...
it says you can do
what the hell
i think you can just make your own rules
That would sell some itoys. You can turn into a videophone, so I guess.
But you know that there would be underage porn, because all the 16 and 17 year olds that have itoys are going to run around naked on it, and that's just wrong. We can't have that.
you know, so. Yeah, I don't know, I don't know about that, but yeah, Itoy Chat 3, in
fact, if I remember correctly, I think that came out last month. I just, I know that these
games sucked, so. I played, I played Itoy Play 2 at E3 and I was thoroughly unimpressed.
I was more impressed with the Harry Potter I-Toy game than I was with I-Toy Play 2.
And even though Harry Potter games...
Come on folks, doesn't this look a little disgusting?
I'm going to show you a picture, of course this is a great radio.
Post it in the chat.
I mean, that doesn't look...
Wow!
Wow!
Post that in the chat.
Please post that in chat.
That's orangehonestradio.com.
Click on chat.
It's these people, and the game is blowing up balloons.
balloons, but the way the balloons are positioned, it looks like you're blowing up a boner.
And this one woman on the end with her yellow balloon, she's all into it. She's like, oh,
damn, what's the, oh, I got a big balloon. I don't know, what the hell, that's great.
Please check that out in chat. Yeah, it's really bad. They have another one called Call
kitty. I guess, I don't know. And this looks really weird. I don't know what the hell this
game... No one should play itoy games ever. I mean, I don't think anyone should actually
buy the itoy. I talked about doing this a while back, you know. I have a ton of itoy
games. We should just really do a review of all the itoy games out there, because it'll
like five minutes I mean really there's not that much I've only played I toy
groove and I toy play I toy groove is it's an interesting concept but it's
executed not that well because I can't like play it for shit oh my god please
post that in chat there's grandma playing an air guitar game that's great
I need to make an icon of that oh my god please do okay that needs to be like our
new like orange lounge logo thing can we make a background for our PSP calm
I suppose we'll see oh my god that's great all right anyway enough picture
chat because it doesn't make for very good radio we're gonna take a break I
think kids and we're gonna come back and extra for wants to chat for a little bit
because extra has some news he wants to share with you guys yes after the break
and then I'm gonna talk a little bit about my surprise and then we're gonna
go to the Skype because I understand the digital life Expo happened this weekend
that was the one that I really wanted to go to but couldn't but that happened I
know sadness because it was the New York City so we're gonna hear I've got like
three East Coast people in chat right now that want to call in talk all about
digital life because they got to play guitar hero this weekend too they all
were playing that and some other stuff we heart caught up one oh I guess there's
we are kind of my display I saw someone mention what was the other game somebody
I don't know what we'll hear from them when they call in after this so we're
gonna get to skype line after this and then this break we're gonna do some
guitar freaks music. We'll be back after this.
Haru kazen wo kurou omo inetsu
Yureru egao asou anu kana tuki
Takaguri isakara
Uere no a
Konnichi kenu kuremite
volt
must
and
So I'll stretch it through then it goes away
You've got to be busy baby, you've got to be busy baby
Aikirame ga omo, katura kita haguri barou shioni
Ketsu kuhi dashi ga omeda chituru
Dae le mou kare toshira, anana, anana sei yo
That wasn't a promo, what the hell happened there?
My bad.
Well, we'll just come back cold.
Hi, we're back on Orange Lounge Radio, unprofessional internet radio.
We do this shit for free.
What can we say?
Mistakes happen once in a while.
All right, here we are back on the show and we're going to talk a little bit about some
Some things, just random things.
Exafir, you wanted to share something with our listeners, then we're going to get on
Skype, guys.
It's about bleached assholes.
No, it's not about bleached assholes.
It is about bleached assholes.
Well, you know, it may be about bleached assholes one of these days.
So I'm actually in the process of having my own show on orangelandsradio.com, and you
all should listen, and it's going to be on Mondays, and it's going to be called Exafir's
case of the Mondays, and it's a good show for all of you that are wanting to, you know,
start off your week with something a little bit light and something you don't have to
really pay attention. Plus, I'll say a lot of really horrible things on it, probably.
So you guys should all listen. Uh, yeah.
When's the state viewing?
Yay!
When's the state viewing?
Hopefully a week from tomorrow, and I'm hoping that it will be 7 to 9.
I will talk about video games for all of you that are into that sort of thing, I don't know.
And then for the other hour, cause we're talking about Captain Tight Pants.
I will talk about Captain Tight Pants.
It's for all of the, you know, Orange Lawn's radio is filled with straight guys,
so I feel like, hey, I'll be the queer voice for the straight guys here.
Hello. Oh, no, no, no, like I'm not a guy no straight straight people. Sorry PC straight people
Oh wait, so you so you basically extra verse case of the Monday is like it's it's very queer
Eye for the gamer guy for people who don't enjoy it for the game gay
Nevermind
What were you saying queer ear for the straight?
Queer voice for the straight guys ear. That's what I said. Okay. Well, no, um queer cock for the straight guys ass
No, I'm going to, you know, it's not like you guys can hear a gay guy talk, it's not
like I'm going to be in your house, you know, you don't have to fear that I'm going to fuck
you up the ass, you know, because I do that, you know, I fucked Loki like three times during
the show tonight, so you guys are going to all have a good time on Mondays, hopefully,
I hope for everybody to listen in, and I'll have special guests and everything, it'll
be fun.
Okay, sounds like fun. Yeah, it's gonna be a week from Monday a week from Monday
All right, sounds good. And if you like the title, tell let me know if you don't
Let me know also
Forget it, okay
But your title is fabulous. Yay, and you can email me if you have any suggestions on what you want me to talk about as
well, my email address is
is Volumetext. We'll get you an orange launch one.
Okay. Well, right now, I mean, you can still email me at my
other address. It's volumetext.gmail.com. That's all it says, also, if they send it, if they go ahead and send it to the
podcast email, I'll forward it. Just say, 2X defer.
And now you're going to also be doing a lot of Buffy and Serenity talk, I'm sure.
I'm sure I will, you know, and I will talk about
other things as well right now
like Captain Tight Pants. Also coming up a week from Wednesday if I play my cards
right
I will be coming back with a solo show the launch date
a week from Wednesday. I know I've been talking about doing a solo show for a long
long time now
but it will actually happen for sure I'll be coming back
a week from Wednesday. That's Captain Tight Pants? No, not Captain Tight Pants. I do not have a
name for the show yet so until I get a better name it's just gonna be the Rob
Roberts show
And, um, a little thing, I'm actually doing mine every other week because of school constraints.
When I'm out of, when the semesters are over, I will be going back to, uh,
Some, uh, regular, every week.
Regular.
Just for the next nine weeks, every other week.
Alright, sounds good.
Maybe you should call your show the Rod Roddy show.
No, because he died, and that's sad.
Anyway, so that's going to be coming back, and I will not talk about such gay things.
I mean, I realize I'm gay, but I have other things to talk about other than, you know,
who I'm fucking.
So I'm going to talk about tech stuff and geeky news, and yes, some video games, but
I'm going to kind of go outside the realm and talk about cool things on the interweb,
and just whatever I want.
It's going to be my thing to just do whatever I want, and for those of you guys that miss
Vanilla Sky and Outside the Box, unfortunately, you know, I haven't gotten the folks that
or on that show to commit to come back and I think we're gonna have scheduling problems
but hopefully once in a while they'll drop in or something as time goes on. But for now
this is just gonna be my solo thingy. But I'll try to have guests as well. So we'll
be working on that. So that's it. We're gonna have live shows Monday, every other Tuesday
and Wednesday. And it's only every other Tuesday for a little while. So not that long.
Well also to make up though for my missing Tuesday nights I plan on occasionally doing
That means you have to be listening late at the night.
That's right. So it'll be a good time. Good time.
All right, so lots of live stuff coming back to Orange House Radio soon.
That should be fun. And Loki's still no show.
Don't look at me. I'm not...
I've got a fiancé that doesn't allow the...
We need to give her a show.
I need to friggin' play more Final Fantasy XI is what I need to do.
Let's get Nellie to fill in for the weeks that Dark Sakura's not here.
I want you and Nelly to be guests on my show.
That'd be cool.
I'll be on your show.
Woo!
I'm going to have everybody on my show.
And we can have a Brazilian wax job show where we all wax each other.
Like, ooh, that looks so good.
That's okay.
Anyway.
Okay.
Bad idea.
So I want to talk about something now.
last wax job? No, no, it's not sex related. Um... But they're not necessarily sexual.
I did something today. Uh oh! And... Do you need to be panked? What? Do you need to be
panked? Maybe. Um, it's kind of one of those things that I said I was never going to do.
Just get it out, man. Just, you have one life. Live it. But, I don't know, something happened
it's like you know I decided maybe I was being just a little too harsh and I
needed to open up my mind a little bit and your ass and my butt so I went and I
picked up World of Warcraft today
let's hope that miklotov is not listening right now oh I already told
Let us know in the comments below and we will see you in the next video.
Skyler Crusade for you guys. Alliance. Alliance on Skyler Crusade. Play a Night Elf. I will
be near where you'll go. We'll see, we'll see. And then also I will be on wherever the
gay one is. I think it's P something. I want to play on the gay server. So, well then I'll
let you know which one that is. Okay. So, that's it. I'm on Warlord. I've already played
it. I played it a little bit before tonight's show. I was playing on. Isn't it so much better?
No, it's just different. You can actually. I'm not going to say it's better because it's
It's different. It actually reminded me a lot of Guild Wars, but I know that World of Warcraft came first, but it plays a lot, a lot like Guild Wars.
A lot, a lot like it. Why are you shaking your head disapprovingly, Loki?
Just, you know, going to another game that you won't play. Whatever. I'm sticking with one game that I won't play.
No, I'm not leaving Final Fantasy XI, I'm not by any means cancel my account on Final
Fantasy XI.
I just, I got to this point where I was like, I'm bored, and I don't want to be bored, and
I feel like I'm, I don't have enough time to invest in the game, so, and I'm never going
to be able to participate in the way the game is set up in a lot of the end game events
because I have no time to play.
So I just wanted to find another game to fill casually my time, but I do have a lot of friends
that still play Final Fantasy XI and I do plan on doing some things in it, just very
limited.
For now.
For now.
While I test out World of Warcraft.
I don't know.
I may hate this game.
I may play it for a month and then decide it sucks and I miss Final Fantasy XI.
I completely understand.
That's why I stopped feeding Taco.
You're a Nintendonk.
You know what?
I've decided that when Dan and I get a dog, because I'm gonna get a dog, I'm gonna get
a long-haired chihuahua and name it Taco for you.
I think that is the best name of the dog ever.
I'll take care of Taco.
So that was my big secret. I finally caved.
And I bought World of Warcraft.
It's alright. You'll just switch to the next big thing when World of Warcraft comes out.
I'll stick with Final Fantasy XI since I don't even know what's going on now.
And they've added another update and they're doing the
launch of that Treasures of whatever the hell it's called that's going to be coming out
again with... I do want to check that out. With more player classes and
you know it's... I'm hoping that
for... I know it's probably not going to happen. I'm hoping that the Xbox 360 version
is on the same servers because then that could just, you know... It will be.
Well I'm not sure about that because it might be on Xbox
or Microsoft servers in which case, you know, then you won't be able to play with other people.
If it is, then I can cancel my Play Online account
And just play for my xbox live and they'll kind of cut down on costs a bit plus i'll be able to you know
Have the game looking better
We need katamari the and then the rpg that'd be badass
That'd be weird
I need to roll over the king. So that was it. That was my big secret
Shane's not speaking to me now
It's all right
There's one thing I want to add about where the warcraft is. Um, I like how you can um,
Go to UI sites and kind of customize the way you can cast your spells or whatever.
I think that's really cool. You can't do that in Final Fantasy.
Well, I guess you could.
You have to set up a macro for it.
I like that you don't have to play with people if you don't want to and you don't have to be the party bitch like I used to be.
I know. They're different. I'm not going to compare the games.
I like playing it through it because I can kick their ass into myself.
I don't like chatting with people in chat rooms, but only to myself because talking with other people online is awful.
No. There's a difference between talking to other people and then having to actually play with strangers.
It's still interacting. Still the same argument.
Do these strangers have candy? Because I like candy.
Rob, I'm gonna get you.
Rob, they showed us this really cool trailer sizzle reel, as they call them in the industry, for the movies coming out. They showed Strangers with Candy the movie. It looked freaking awesome.
Oh, I can't wait.
I can't wait.
Can't wait.
Extrovert, will you tell Shane to stop hating me? He's mad at me.
Is he listening?
Yeah.
Oh.
Shane, he's impulsive.
You know.
You were encouraging me.
I think that...
Well, yeah, I was unapologetically saying that, but it's like, I'm impulsive, too.
And I'm not going to really probably play, I'm going to probably play your buddy pass,
but I mean, that's going to be limited.
I'm having a fun time with Final Fantasy XI right now.
I'm like really enjoying it, and I'm still a white mage.
I mean, that's the weird part about it, is like, I've actually enjoyed-
You're the party bitch, too, right?
Yes, yes, I've been the party bitch, but, like, it's been actually okay, because I've been learning the skill of it all, and I'm 15 right now.
So, I mean, I'm kind of working at it, but it's going well.
I got tired of being the party bitch, so I just let the ingrates die.
I do that, too! In fact, I do-
If they don't come running for the signal for the freaking party buff, fuck them. They don't get fucked.
I'll delete. That's what I'm saying.
They just don't get left.
Bitch, you weren't there.
I have the instant, you know, bad party remedy.
It's wonderful having the cable modem right on my desk because I can just, boop.
Look at that. My connection went down.
I wonder how that happened. Oh, the cord fell out.
Oh, damn it. Oh, well.
I guess I won't log back in.
I'll never figure out how to put this cord back in until at least a couple days from
now.
Nope.
All right.
We're going to go to the Skype line, guys.
Orangelaunceradio.com, click on interact with us if you want to call us on the Skype line.
You can check us out.
Username is orangelaunceradio.
But please, please, please, before you call us, if you've never talked to us before, make
sure you call a username on Skype.
Echo123 is the username on Skype. Make sure that you call Echo123 first, before you call
us. That way you can see if you can hear yourself or not. And I don't think you have to add
this person to your buddy list. You just call them. Straight up. Echo123. And that's that.
Oh, random aside, Sakurina reminded me of something here. BeatMania2DX is actually in
world of warcraft credits
but in the special bank section or something
like they credit the game with i guess passing the time while they were coding
the game i don't know
and you know what
well i go one two three is the perfect person to talk to you if you don't like
interacting with other people and most
take a call
you know which one to do
sledging is not to hear hello legend is not cool are serial caller how are you
Yes, uh, you probably already know where I've been this weekend.
Yes, you'd win to Digital Life, yes?
Yes, and I have so much, and I have some pretty, you know, I got, I got a lot of good shit that I, you know, that I have to say right now.
Tell us, tell us.
The starters, uh, the DDR tournament there, got shit, got, got coverage. It got shitloads of coverage, um...
Like, what kind of coverage?
Uh, MTV was filming there, you know, yesterday, for a better part of, uh, the freestyle div- uh, freestyle division, and you wouldn't believe this.
NBC ended up filming a sitcom, part of an episode of the sitcom in the center stage after Freestyle.
What? What sitcom do you know?
I don't know, but it was just two white guys just dancing right there on a fifth mix.
The Drip Machine climax basic.
Like My Name is Ero or something?
I don't know, just two white guys dancing, yeah, doing like you got served thing on a DDR pad.
And they, yeah, they pretty much shot that scene there.
Should be interesting.
Were they both flamey?
No, Wailing, GDR's already been on Will and Grace.
Oh, it has?
Yes.
Oh.
Yeah, but, okay, I also got, I also might have to snag a few things from the, from the Red Octane booth, which was right next to the tournament area.
Behold, the link that I'm posting up right now.
I'm at, you wouldn't believe who I managed to meet, Kyle Ward, from In the Groove.
Hello?
Yeah, I mean, I was so shocked, I was speechless, Zaku.
Oh, what is this?
Zaku, I fucking love you. You just went up like a hundred points in my book.
What the fuck is that?
Zaku got the person who wrote all the songs in In The Groove to autograph something for us.
I'm gonna send that to you sometime this week. Just give me an address to send it to.
That is beautiful.
Also, I managed to play Guitar Hero this weekend. I managed to play Guitar Hero this weekend.
Um, just one word, it's really hard for beginners to pick up, since you literally not only have to hit the button, but you know, one of the buttons on the neck, but you also have to hit, you know, the little tab right there with the square there that makes up the strings.
Exactly, I can't contain myself, we're all looking at the pictures and I'm giggling and I can't stop laughing, this is the coolest thing ever.
okay but it's not as cool as well you know but it's basically not as cool as
this oh I had in the group two on a slim PS they had in the group two on running
on a ps2 okay after burn with red octane after burners that's cool okay so they
so how how is that well it's just the same thing I know I know Kyle Ward would
didn't want to say that much about when it was gonna be released all I know is
is that I saw In the Group 2 running on a PS2, and I got to play it on After Burners.
To be honest, though, In the Group 2 coming out on PS2 is kind of a duh.
I mean, we know it's going to happen at some point, but...
Loki?
Well, the thing, though, is that it...
That and they also had DDR Mario Mix, you know, playable over there.
Hold on, Loki has a dot.
It was a pretty long line trying to get through there.
If it's right off of Slim PS2, then that means it's not a beta kit, so that means it's probably done.
Yeah, it's probably a build. It's probably an early build. It had all the songs in it, though.
Interesting.
Yeah, I had it. Mm-hmm.
Okay, okay, so...
You know, I said before...
How was DDR with Mario?
Huh?
How was DDR with Mario?
I did get a chance to play it, but I saw folks, you know, because the lines were pretty big for that and I didn't have enough time.
But, you know, it looks like a regular DDR mix, except, you know, obviously it's a license.
Yeah, and it's way easier.
That, and from what I hear, there's no mods on it.
You can't even pick speed mods on that mix.
Oh, I didn't know that.
Yeah, that's what I heard.
Hmm.
I don't know if it's true, and the only way to find out is by getting it.
Uh, let me see, what else can I say?
Xbox 360
Obviously, yeah, they were they did have some on display
It wasn't that much free shit or to go around over there as well. I didn't ask to get an in the group to t-shirt
Yeah, and that's it what did you do you did you do your did you do your tequila thing in the tournament register for?
No, I didn't I didn't I didn't have the time for the money
But as I said, you know, MTV got, you know, got plenty of coverage on yesterday.
They were pretty much filming there.
They were focusing on like two players that I know through DDR.
And that's pretty much what I've seen.
I'm trying to remember what else.
Yeah, lots of Halo.
All right.
MTV is actually backing Guitar Hero officially.
Who is?
MTV.
Really?
Yeah.
Interesting.
And like I said earlier, Gibson Guitars.
That's going to be a pretty big music game, we'll see.
Yeah.
Alright, Zaku, I can't thank you enough for getting Ka, or what is he called, Keel's call?
I don't remember, he's called by both.
Keel, thank you so much for getting him to autograph something saying that we brought.
It's only fair, we were playing his music back that day.
That is awesome, I'm so excited.
Just give me an address and send it to me, I'll get it to you.
Look for a private message from me very soon, and we'll send you something from the private wallet exchange.
Alright man.
Okay?
Alright man.
Have a good one, thank you for calling.
Alright, later.
Later, bye.
That's too funny.
I'm sorry, that's great.
At least it wasn't addressed to myself or DarkSakura, I mean, because that would have been even step up and funny.
Still though, still though.
It's so cool.
That's pretty funny.
Yeah.
All right.
Let's go to another call.
Hello.
You're on Orange Launch Radio.
Hi.
Sephiroth1215 here.
Hello, Sephiroth1215.
What's on your mind?
I have to say that I'm pretty pissed because I went to Digital Life today and missed everything.
And missed everything?
What happened?
Did everybody leave?
No.
Today just sucked.
I mean, it was crowded.
I couldn't play one game.
The only thing I was able to play was Guitar Hero once, and I got to play DDR with Mario.
But otherwise, you couldn't even play in the DDR machines they had there, and all the good
stuff they were giving away for free over at Red Octane were gone.
Wow.
Well, they let anybody into digital life, right?
Pretty much, you don't have to be in the industry or anything, right?
You just get to go, pay your admission fee, right?
Yeah.
You probably got way, way more people than they were thinking?
Maybe. It was pretty crowded today.
Interesting. I wanted to get more people in E3, probably.
I really wanted to go, but I was stuck here in California,
unable to get some time off to come out there, or I should say fly out there.
Did you observe anything else that was cool?
I took a while to look at the finals of the DDR tournament, which was okay,
went by really, really slow. Because every time people went up and they got off, they
had to fix the machine again. Wow. It took a long time. But a friend of mine actually
won a free DDR rental machine. What, like won a machine? Well, to rent. Oh. So like
for his next house party, he can get a free DDR machine for the party? Yeah, pretty much.
she wants to run a tournament for himself. That's kind of cool, I guess. I'd probably
do something similar. I've always wanted to get a DDR machine on the back of a truck and
go driving around town having a tournament on the back of the truck. I don't like that.
How long can you stand up? I'm sorry, what? When it came to other games, though, the whole
thing was just full of Xboxes. Like, I found a few PS2s and, like, two Gamecubes. But,
otherwise, they're all mainly games I didn't really care too much about. And even the old
games, they have big lines for them that are even out right now.
Wow. But the 360 preview wasn't too bad. I mean,
I mean, they showed a lot of the most recent, I guess, more than where you can see D3, I don't know, but...
Anyways, a real quick segue here. What you're talking about, like the DDR tournament on the back of a truck, there might be of the Jackass sketch where they were doing roller disco in the back of a van, and they were driving it around like a moving van.
That's pretty funny, so I guess it could work.
I'd want to rent a DDR machine and drop that off a building and see what happens.
Like, you know how Letterman always does that on his show, like he throws things off a building to see what happens?
I want to rent a DDR machine to throw it off a building and see what happens.
That'd be pretty cool.
Anyway, sorry for that aside there, we just had to get that out of our system.
So are you going to be interested in picking up an Xbox 360 based on what you saw today?
I was already going to get one anyway because I always
just get the systems no matter what so I don't even care too much about the Xbox but
there's
always games that come out specifically for it. You know there's going to be some
DDR UltraMix
360 or something I think it's inevitable that we get something like that and
that'll be like the must-have game of next year or the year after
Yeah, sure. But, otherwise, they didn't have a lot of DS games to play. There was Mario
Kart and Animal Crossing. I heard they were demoing the Wi-Fi thing a little more, because
I saw some pictures on the internet of that. I didn't really get to play any of it, because
there was big lines for it, so I just went over to DDR with Mario, which actually had
no line. Surprise, surprise, no line for DDR with Mario. What did you think of it?
It was easy, but I mean, I put on whatever I could to make it harder, and she told me
to put on something where you get bomboms on top of the screen, and you have to hit
the potobos to make sure the bomboms don't blow up, which can be a little bit harder
only because the potobos come pretty quickly, but it wasn't too bad.
Um, otherwise, what I thought was interesting there is they had a setup for Para Para on...
What?
Yes, um, by the DDR machines, but it was off. All I saw was the Para Para controllers, and it just says Para Para on there.
Like, for PlayStation 2, or for the arcade?
The console version.
Why would they bring that here? They've got no plans to release that here, as far as I know. That's weird.
I don't know, they couldn't release that here. Nobody would get it.
Nobody would get it.
There'd be like five people that would buy it, and they're the hardcore Para Para fans. Nobody else would get it.
It's released, um, US pioneers are releasing Para Para All Stars.
Really?
Uh, they just released the, uh, soundtrack.
Interesting. Hmm. Okay, well,
maybe there's, I don't know, maybe just some kid brought it from home to let everybody play.
I don't know, that's weird.
That is very weird.
But it wasn't on.
Anything else you want to share with us?
Not really. I was fairly impressed with Guitar Hero, though.
I played one of the
second easiest kind of songs.
I mean, it took me a second to learn, but otherwise, it wasn't too bad.
Yeah, we're getting a lot of good early feedback on that, so it should be a good game.
Did it feel like Amplitude? Have you played Amplitude and
frequency, did it feel like those games to you?
Yeah, actually it was pretty similar to that.
Same way, same setup and everything.
Very cool. It's just that with, I don't know, guitar.
Okay, that works.
Alright, well we're going to go ahead and let you go so we can get to some other calls, but thanks for calling in, okay?
Glad to hear you had a good time at the show, even though everything was very crowded and
you didn't get to play too much, but at least you got to see a lot of cool stuff.
Yeah, yeah, it wasn't bad.
Alright.
Alright.
Alright, take care.
Thank you.
Later.
Uh, let's go to one more call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawn's radio.
Hey, hey, hey, it's Ronchon.
Hi, Ronchon.
How are you?
Hi, Ron.
Hey, what's up, people?
Hey.
Hey.
Hey, you wanna hear a joke?
Yeah, yeah.
Okay.
What do gay horses eat?
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Sorry, anyway.
The funny thing you've mentioned is that it has something to do with the con I went to this past weekend.
Oh really?
Yes, we have what was called Anna Fest, which is like a girl's celebration type convention.
So, yaoi con without the yaoi?
Yeah.
They were actually showing American animation at the con.
Uh, sounds like total shoujo day.
There was actually a shoujo-kan, but that, well that's it for another story. But anywho, I was in charge of the masquerade. I had no staffers.
Okay, so what did you do? What was your responsibility?
I was in charge of the masquerade and the karaoke.
The whole weekend I got screamed at by the contract because stuff was not running properly. I was missing stuff. I was missing that. I didn't even know I was missing anything. I didn't even unpack half the stuff that we needed.
It was just crazy. It was a Saturday, Sunday, Monday convention.
Why do you have a convention on a Monday? Was Monday a holiday or something?
I tried to tell them to go Friday, Saturday, Sunday, but they wouldn't want to listen to me. I guess I haven't been to enough cons to know better.
So what was the highlight of the con?
The masquerade. Overall, everybody said the con sucked as a whole, but they loved the masquerade.
Especially the Power of Power skit that was done by my friends. They did Go Godzilla Go.
Oh, God. What did they do?
They did the whole Power of Power dance to it. Plus, they had one of our friends with Godzilla in the background, raising their arms back and forth.
Rancha, I want to go to an anime con with you.
I'm telling you, fine, in May 2007, I'm shooting for-
I have an idea for a skit.
Uh-oh.
I want to have a bunch of people do Lodos War cross-play, and then do the D&D Satan's Game thing.
What's the con on the East Coast you're trying to get us to come to next year?
Katakana.
Katakana, when's that?
It's, uh, first or second weekend of February. I have to post information about that in my journal.
Yeah, definitely.
You send me a plane ticket, I'll be there.
I, I may, I may just come because I want to go to the East Coast. Anyway, so I may take some time off to go, so we'll see.
Give me, definitely give me the details.
Yeah, I already put you down in my room for the sweep.
Woo!
I'll, I'll try to go.
Sweep.
And I'll try to bring the bike in costume.
Nice, because one of my friends, she runs like a giant Guilty Gear cosplay. She has like multiple Kai costumes.
I don't know shit about anime, which you'll find out at a convention.
I think that Rob should cosplay fast.
But I will game geek it up with anybody.
Rob, we're going to make you a costume. We're going to have you cosplay fast.
I want to cosplay as a slime from Dragon Quest.
I want Benimaru.
No, I don't think... Rob doesn't have...
I don't have the abs for that.
But I think that Rob would make a perfect Faust if there's a Guilty Gear cosplay group.
We should totally imitate the guys who do the same thing at AX every year and have the Shin Sangumi running around.
See, on the East Coast, we don't have that. We have T-Shirt Ninjas running around.
T-Shirt Ninjas. Fun. No, no, no, no. We need the Turks this year.
Well, I will I will definitely be planning on trying to come to that con
So any of our East Coast listeners, I want them to go to so I can meet everybody at once
speaking of the Turks
Capticon we're having a massive Advent Children all group and I am crying about it because I saw all the details for Barrett
And what happened
I'm I shit my pants after seeing that gun arm. I'm screaming. I have to make that I have to make that
You know what? It's entirely possible. Just do the metal arm.
I think I'll probably stick with the same material I made my original gun arm with, which was PVC.
For those that don't know where Katsucon is, where is it? Because our chat room is yelling at me.
It's Washington, D.C.
This means I have to starve myself for four months if I were to do Tifa.
I can stand to go to Washington, D.C.
It's Washington, D.C., the Omni-Shiram Hotel.
I'll play Marlene.
All right, I'm saving my money right now.
Sweet.
All right.
And the fact to honor the funniest thing about it, everybody was saying that the con was so gay, and my response was,
Well, what do you expect? It was run by a bulldog dyke.
How kind is that?
I should teach you not.
People were saying that the con was so gay, and he says, What do you expect? It was run by a bulldog dyke.
She's running around with this long-ass mullet, and she has the Qui-Gon Jim braid too. I said Star Wars fans would lynch her for that.
I'll have to find a way there. I will have to find a way.
Alright, Ron-chan, we gotta let you go, because we got more show to do, but thanks for the-
I'm gonna start a PayPal collection, send Dark Sakura to the East Coast.
Alright.
Oh, Jamie, I have a link to send you later. It's a chart of all the Ron Milhapp soundtracks.
Ooh! Just email that to me.
Of course I will.
Have fun, you anime nerds.
You shouldn't talk. Bye.
I shouldn't talk. I'm on the radio talking about video games.
But to be fair, I also talk about sex.
That's true. Please shuffle.
Let's go to a break, kids. We gotta go to a break because when we come back from the break, we're gonna get into the cage match and some other little things.
I do want to take a couple more Skype calls if we have time. I know there's some more
people that want to get through, so I want to entertain that, but we have our regular
segments we definitely have to get through first. So we're going to go to a break, and
in this break I figure we'll start it off with, how about something from EX2? We haven't
played some EX2 stuff in a while. Actually, that's probably not true. I know we played
some last week, but you know, I want to hear some EX2 stuff.
Just play the music. That's right, we're going to play the music.
Let's start it off with a little bit of Sneaker Pimps.
We'll be back after this, kids, with more Orange Launch Radio.
Spin spin sugar, crawl home to me Spin spin sugar, spin for me
Spin spin sugar, twist for me Spin spin sugar
Why don't we just finish it all?
You
Oh
It's right outside of my eyes
It's not my job
To pretend this is love
It's not my duty
To give me something more
I'm not alone, I'm not alone
We are back on Orange Lounge Radio.
this episode 160 a nice round number there that's 8 times 20 so nine episodes
down the road I know 169 what are we gonna have to invite mr. spanky back
maybe bring his hag Betty you know who we need we need a karaoke revolution
hell yeah cuz karaoke revolution no karaoke party or whatever the hell it's
called coming out pretty soon so we'll have to do that I'll be fun it'll be fun
We need to get the Orange Lounge madam back here because she's great on episode 69 so
we need to get her back.
I'm Ms. Tixie Dust.
All right.
I'm Ms. Tixie Dust.
Yep.
We'll have to get her back here for 169.
So we'll see what happens.
I want to talk about this story before we get into the Orange Lounge Radio Cage Match.
Yes, we will get back to the Skyline a little bit later with any time we have left in the
show at the end because I know there's folks who want to get through, but I have to bring
this up because this is very interesting and this is DDR related.
24 Hour Fitness, the really big gym club that you don't go to, they actually made a deal
with Konami and they're going to be incorporating Dance Dance Revolution arcade machines in
the kids clubs portion of 24 Hour Fitness.
In return, Konami is going to put a 30 day pass into the gym in the game.
So like when you buy a copy of DDR, you're going to get a free 30 day pass for 24 Hour
Fitness.
um... let's see uh... konami director of business partnerships
clara gilbert said
bringing the health and fitness benefits of the art of twenty four our fitness is
an unbeatable combination
and helping kids and adults stay in shape while having fun by placing ddr
twenty-four fitness locations
we strive to help kids and adults achieve their fitness goals
in an unintimidating and fun way
i didn't know that kids go to twenty four hour fitness i thought that just
closeted married men go there
And then they just, they should have fuck fuck resolution, resolution, revolution.
And then remember dance, dance, fuck.
It's fun for the whole family, is the idea, Exeterfer.
Or gay married men.
I don't think that's...
Or gay married men.
They're not going to put this in every 24 hours.
Gay men can't get married, silly.
Yes they can.
The married kind can.
Anyway, I just kind of want to point out, what do you guys think? Good idea? Bad idea?
DarkSakura, you're a gym-going member here. What do you think?
It should go to California Family Fitness.
California Family Fitness isn't nationwide.
So, it should go to California Family Fitness.
Well, they could sign a deal too, maybe. I don't know. Probably not.
So that I can play DDR at my gym.
But you can play DDR at home.
You know, I miss good idea, bad idea.
okay how's the greatest well is there something you want to say about this
good idea bad idea wise good idea putting DDR in the gyms bad idea the
only DTR they're gonna be able to put in the gyms is DDR USA not necessarily no
the machines they're not over here they're not supposed to be here you know
you know they'll be extreme deny everything you know maybe they'll make a
a new DDR? Right. I know, right. But what about that thing that they were testing? Remember
a while back they were testing something for gyms? True, it was supposed to be like a,
it had like karate kicks in it and stuff. I don't remember what was in it. It was like
a multi-person DDR thing and I don't think it was for kids, but maybe it's something
like that. Maybe it's a special DDR. What if the new DDR wasn't for arcades but for
24-hour fitness? Wouldn't that be hilarious? We need Para Para in the gym because that's
That's a better workout, I think.
I'm telling you, fuck, fuck Revolution, and it's going to be in the showers, and all the
closeted gay guys are going to be all on that.
Drop the soap, Revolution.
They're going to be all on that.
Thank you for sharing, Extrovert.
Oh, no problem.
That's what it was called, DDR Studio.
Somebody mentioned that.
take one of the playstation 2 games and just put it in the cabinet what if they just did that what
do you think of that loki huh crap crap what if it was extreme 2 extreme 2 is pretty cool
it would work why not it has to do any build they could how easily would it be deported
extremely why don't they do it then they could do it lazy you might do it i still stand by
pada pada in the gym aren't they gonna have to edit the game somehow to put like the 24 hour
fitness logo in it possibly so while they're at it they can change all the
songs and stuff I guess I bet you this will be some type of special machine
just you wait no I want to ask you something real quick Loki because this
is on another subject something that's been going around on the DDR forums
what's the last you've heard on a release date for Ultramix 3 because some
people are saying it's been bumped back from the second it would never was on
the second oh I don't know you posted some news article on the website said it
was on a second. That was a while ago. No, it's like on the, I want to say it's the second week, I think.
Not like a push back a week. I mean, I can't remember if it was the second or
third week. Everything's in the third week. I mean, there's like 100 games
coming out in the third week. It's just retarded. But, yeah, if anything, I got
pushed back only a week or two. And it was, I think, relatively around the same
amount. I think some folks are saying the 16th now, like two weeks later. It would
That makes sense. Everything's coming out on the 16th. Everything. I mean, just too many games.
I can confirm that because of the tournament that we're working on that I have had no time to work on.
Okay. Very interesting. I just wanted to clear that up because I know it was on some web forums and I was like,
well, Loki did say that like five months ago, so it might be different now.
It was a while ago. Of course they're going to move the date around.
I haven't updated on every single thing I hear about, you know, so.
you might want to post a little update to our thing. Well, I don't want to, like, update
it. Okay, yeah, now it's coming out this day. For all those people waiting for Advent Children
at the end of January now, so. Yeah. All right. Let's go to the cage match. You guys ready
for this? Yeah, because I actually kept my promise. Goody, goody, goody. I'm so excited.
Okay, in the meantime, while I'm setting up CAGEMATCH, Dark Soccer, why don't you plug some of the other great programming we have here on Orange Launch Radio.
You mean Pump of the Volume, which is every other week?
Yes.
This is me on Tuesdays, Pump of the Volume, where I play whatever I really want to play and request if people actually decide to request them for a change.
I usually end up playing lots of Blur.
Last week, I did the Danger Doom CD, which I actually had for our pre-show today.
And coming up, we have Extra First Case of the Mondays.
And aren't we supposed to do a fuck-off show?
Like, weren't we supposed to do that? But it was too late.
We need to do a fuck-off show.
Yeah, that would be really cool. What is the fuck-off show?
That's when we get really bored and just randomly do shows.
Come off the air and just fuck off.
I want a fuck on show.
Fuck on, fuck off, the fucker.
Alright, you guys ready for tonight's Cage Match?
Oh, I don't know Rob Roberts, are we?
I think we are.
Okay.
The way the Cage Match works, we're going to play three songs for you guys.
Last week's winner and two brand new songs, as chosen by our hosts.
And you're going to vote for your favorite.
And the winning song goes into rotation all week long here on Orange Lounge Radio's
The song is called Hold Your Color by Pendulum and it's song number 1 tonight.
And we're gonna roll back thekun flirtatious Kristin
Don't give up
Don't you curse against the law
When they take everything away
Don't you curse against the law
I keep looking into your eyes
And so I lay beneath
Don't try to save yourself
The circle is gonna reach
Reaching out as you dig
Nothing else can touch me
So can I
Two guns against the wall
And they take everything away
Come with your colors, you can't do it
We have, also from the Hold Your Color album by Pendulum, track 2, which is, um, or actually,
take that back, make it track 9 out here.
Oh, god damn you, you can't change on me.
Yes I can.
Fine, track 9.
Alright.
Can you do this?
Is this legal in the, in the, um, Cagematch rulebook?
The bylaws?
That you can put in a song by the same artist?
I protest vehemently.
Just to spite the person who won?
I hate you alright so it's out here song number two in tonight's cage match pendulum
without here. Enjoy it.
Turn down the volume
Turn down the volume
Turn down the volume
And I won't, I won't, I won't, I won't
Yeah, I'm down to one
Yeah, I'm down to one
Tear it down, whoa Tear it down, whoa
Song number two tonight, Pendulum with Out Here was the name of that song, let's go around
and see what everybody thought of song number two, which by the way was the same artist
The song number one, you bastard.
Star Chakra.
Um, I really liked it, but it made me think of music from Tekken 5 and Tekken 4.
Um, I really liked that game, but it's just...
You know, it was really, it was good, but it seemed very long. I mean, as...
I really like it a lot.
But there's something that bugs me about it that I can't really put my finger on. I think it's a 9. It's pretty good.
It was really cool. I like the album, because I acquired it after listening to the song on last week's episode.
So yeah, it gives a 9.
By the way, totally off topic, and I just remembered this when she was talking about puppies.
I was walking through King's Beach, and they had a store called Dog Baker.
And I thought, Amal, do they bake dogs there? I'm like, that's pretty wrong.
No, I know what that place is. They make, um, dog biscuits.
They cook puppies.
Extrovert.
Uh, 10. That song was music to fuck to. I really, really enjoyed that song. It was a good sex song.
Um, and, uh, you know, Shane has good taste in music.
Don't, God, don't inflate his ego. God, don't.
No, no, no, no, no. I'm just going to say, he's serving as an inspiration behind the first song that I'm going to play on my show.
extra first case of the mondays airing a week from tomorrow
my thoughts on the song my song was better it really was that was too slow
and mellow and you should vote for mine instead because that one was too
i would have thought it was but i want to sleep
i agree your song was better
so the the thing is that i had to put a song in now
so that i can make the final final modifications for the song actually
i give that song uh... uh...
too
for the number of pendulum songs we have in cage match night
And because mine was better.
Come on Jimmy, put in your pendulum song. Angel, your thoughts.
Your, your rating.
There we go, um...
I don't know, I'll give it a ten, just cause it's, uh...
I like it, I like it a lot. Uh...
I was gonna say, good music to, like...
Have sex too? No, good music to, um...
Have sex too? No, no, no. Digitally P2? Paint.
I hate you sick people!
Oh!
Alright, let's move on.
I don't know about your water sports angel, but...
Dark sacram!
Jesus.
What do you have for us tonight?
Did you make good on your threads?
I said I was going to put ABBA in, but I forgot that I can't find my copy of ABBA Gold.
So I put an ABBA cover in.
So this is a...
And I don't know if this is the 18th because it said it was the 18th.
Yes, it's the 18th.
is the Erotic remix of SOS.
Which I have a feeling is a false labeling because I do not know of any time Erotic actually
mixed the songs.
This could actually just be the Erotic version for all we know.
It could be, but that's how I've had it for years and I've never knew the difference.
So some type of remix of SOS by ABBA, one way or another.
Yeah, I said I would put in ABBA, this is something ABBA.
Alright.
Here it is.
Enjoy!
To our love, I wish I understood
It used to be so nice, it used to be so good
So when you need a new darling, can't you hear me? S.O.S.
The love you gave me, nothing left to save me, S.O.S.
When you go, when you go, how can I even try to go?
When you go, when you go, oh I try, how can I carry on?
I've been so far away that we were standing here
You make me feel alive, that's something that I see
I really tried to make it out, I wish I understood
What happened to my love, it used to be so good
But when you're near me darling, can't you hear me? S.O.S.
The love you gave me, nothing else to save me, ask for it
When you're gone, when you're gone, how can I even try to know why
When you go, when you go, go and try How can I carry on, carry on?
Oh when you near me darling, can't you hear me, S.O.S.
And love you gave me nothing else to save me, S.O.S.
when you come, when you come, how can I even try to go on?
when you come, when you come, go and try, how can I carry on?
When you come, when you come, how can I even try to go on, go on?
I'm on my way
When you done
When you done
When you done
You're a drown
How can I
Carry on
Carry on
When you done
When you done
When you done
You're a drown
How can I
Carry on
Carry on
All right that was song number three in tonight's Cage Mash, the 18th...
Oh crap!
Damn just like totally crashed on me.
That was weird.
Wow.
Dead air.
That's not good.
Shit.
OK, well let's go around and see what everybody thought of,
we'll just have to not have background music right now.
Or maybe you can have explosive diarrhea.
Yeah, let's do that.
Let's do that.
Since you said shit.
Ass.
All right, let's go around and see what everybody thought
of that song.
Song number three, 18s with SOS starting off with Dark Sakura.
I need help.
SOS.
OK.
Um, I actually like that song, um, so it gets an 8.
Okay.
Loki.
I didn't like it.
It's just not for me. It's too...
I don't know.
Too happy.
Too gay. Yes, it's too
gay. It's too
flaming gay.
That's why I don't like the song.
Let's check on and see what DDRUK has to say about
In today's news, people smoked crack.
Well, you guys need to go find... I got nothing. I'm tallying Caged Bash votes. You guys need to figure out how to... I got nothing, but no. No, really.
As far as official Sim files go, still working on the official stuff. Looks like to me, though, that they're probably not done.
Okay, what Sakurino wanted to share is that the VJ Army forums are starting their own collection of StepMania sim files for Happy Sky. The whole community. That's the big news.
Wow. Okay. There you have it. Hooray! More StepFiles for BeatMania songs. Just what we needed. We don't have any of those. We've never had those before.
Let's beat Mania.
Beat Mania 2DX, whatever you want to call it.
Is that when you turn into a maniac and beat someone?
Yes.
Oh, wait, did you want me to say Hip Hop Mania?
Everybody loves the Hip Hop Mania.
I remember that thing.
Hip Hop Mania rocks.
Yo.
We're going to go to a break.
When we come back for the break, we're going to announce tonight's Cagemash winner.
and we're gonna get into the FUs of the week because I know you kids are
angsty and extra for once to give a movie review although I didn't think he
saw anything this week so I'm
I'm going to be a little bit surprised surely
alright so we'll be back after this we're gonna start off with a little bit
of a
I think we'll start off with some Daikonkai how's that sound
We'll be back after this.
4
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
Yeah
And I can't go back
I never remember
You showed me like that
And I'll play me by your brain
And I
Shine tonight
You're not the same girl you got me on
You're the same girl
I'm never like the one I want
You will show me what you're worth
I ain't the one
Lend me my own way
Let's listen in on an Orange Lounge Radio staff meeting.
Do you want to be accepted by Hollywood?
No!
Do we care what people think of us?
No!
Do we want people to kiss our ass?
Yeah!
Extreme Bobbani Radio. That's us. Orange Lounge Radio.
You know, that movie was on TV today.
Well, it sounds awfully a lot like Jamie there in the promo.
Do we want people to kiss our ass?
Yes!
Absolutely. We love it when people kiss our ass.
You can kiss our ass by voting us A5 on your player window or voting us on Podcast Alley because no one else did this month. That makes me sad, people.
Kiss our ass.
Shut the fuck up.
That is the gayest I've ever heard you say.
I can really do gay really well.
Rob Roberts, tell us what's next.
You should talk like that always.
No, I'd kill you. I really would. I would just take you out back and shoot you.
If you start going super, then I'm going to cry.
Can you imagine every morning?
Good morning!
There's too many gay jokes on tonight's show.
Hello, Rob!
We need to tone it down.
Oh, okay, dude.
There you go. That's better.
Do we need a gay promo?
No we don't. Yes we do.
Listen to Orange Lounge.
I guess this show is only going to get gayer
because we are going to allow Ex-Defer
to do his movie review!
Don't play the music.
I just, I don't know.
I don't know about that.
Alright, what did you see this week?
Well, I didn't see it this week, but I just thought
I mean, it was kind of like a spur-of-the-moment idea that I would review Deep Impact, because
Gene Shalit of Today called it a thriller with brains, and Jeffrey Lyons of NBC TV said
it was exhilarating the special effects highlight of the year, which really nobody saw Deep
Impact because they all saw that other one.
I saw Deep Impact in the theater.
I did too.
Actually I liked it better than the other one, I was going to say Asteroid, but that was the one on TV.
I liked Deep Impact because Téa Leoni died in it, and sorry to ruin it for you, but she died in it and I hate her.
Dances are doing one about hurricanes called category 7. I'm like, that's insulting.
So what do you think of it?
I think it was a good movie. I think it was kind of, you know, cheesy or whatever, but I thought it had a little bit more drama in it than the other movie, Armageddon.
Drama?
Yeah, drama. It had some drama in it and we all loved it.
We all ate it up.
No, but it was really good. I think there should be a porn called Deep Impact and if there hasn't been yet, I think they should make one.
because then it would be like about a giant cock headed towards some
unsuspecting guy's anus and then you know he can't escape it and there's
going to be a white wave at the end of the movie what do you think Rob I think
it's a I think it's a seller you're an asshole you know people make it's a
billion-dollar industry the porn business and I mean a lot of people buy
that gay porn even straight guys I think that gay porn is funny I think that all
porn is great hello this is all about Jeff striker he's he's kind of gay for
pay but he's funny he is funny because he's like oh I want to do you he's
hilarious and then he's and then you hear a horse go in the background I
think that he's hilarious have you seen that scene yet no I have I should show
it to you. It's great. Are you done with a movie review? Um, oh, Deep Impact. Um, rent
it, buy it, I don't know. Like, it's probably on eBay for like two bucks. I mean, you may
be able to get it, pick it up at Walmart in their bargain bin. Is it called a bargain
bin? The, the five dollar bin, maybe. Um, watch it with your kids. I don't, I, I have
Um, vote for song number two.
And fuck to it.
Alright, let's see tonight's winner of the Orange Lounge Radio Cage Match.
Speaking of which, it's a little late to have your plug in there,
because we already have a winner for tonight's cage match.
Are you ready to find out who it is?
The winner of tonight's Orange Lounge Radio Cage Match is...
Where's the song? Oh, here it is.
Song number one!
Pendulum Hold Your Color wins song number one.
Loki?
Suck it, Loki.
I mean, I could take him.
I could take Rob.
Suck it!
More ABBA next week!
More Pendulum next week.
Great.
Yeah, I'll have to counteract that with Echo Image.
We've already put in all the Echo Image songs.
Have we put in the entire Echo Image CD at some point here?
And then, what's the other one that I could bring up? I'll bring Vincent to more.
I'll combat you with info.
Or like, Cybertrans or something, CyberX.
On that note, let's get into tonight's FUs of the Week, shall we?
DarkSakura, why is it that we do the FUs of the Week every single week?
Oh, by the way, kids, you can send in your FUs to me right now, but keep them short!
Why is it we do the F.U.'s of the Week every single week?
F.U. to old people who think that they have perfect night vision and can drive.
No, you really can't, you suck.
Um, ugh. I just, I'm good at being busy and F you to my medication that I can't really go into too much detail about on the air.
Um, F you to hormones. I'm done.
Let's get to Loki's F yous.
My FUs first begins with the Hyatt at Lake Tahoe. Fuck you to their service because it sucks. First they gave me the wrong room with the wrong bed in it. Then they tried to charge me $3 for something that was supposedly taken out of the mini bar, despite the fact that they never gave me the key for the mini bar and it was zip tied shut. So that would have been some magic.
Um, anyways, um, also fuck you to having to, you know, make the two hour drive to Lake Tahoe, I was actually driving around on the weekend and there's these stupid people in SUVs trying to tailgate me, um, along these roads that are really windy and stuff, and the speed limit's only 45 anyways, and the guy is driving down the center line, cause he's trying to pass me on double yellow.
So fuck you to the... fucking SUV drivers. At least though, they're in Tahoe where there are actual hills and snow, so SUVs are allowed there, but... yeah, they still suck.
And finally, um, just fuck you to the fact that I was actually bored enough to bid on some item on eBay for god knows how much money,
And now I have this stupid poster that may be autographed by the entire cast of True Crime's New York, but now I have this thing that I had paid way too much money for, and it sucks.
But at least it went to charity, so I guess that's okay, but still too much money spent this weekend, and fuck you, they'll hide it again for having their slots being way too damn tight.
It's just like playing in any casino, so fuck them.
I'm actually really not that angsty, all things considered. I am really angsty at one situation right now, but I can't talk about it on air, but it's something related to something I can't go to, that I wanted to go to, and now I can't go to it, and that makes me upset, because I don't like it when I don't get my way. So, F you to me not getting my way.
And an F.U. to traffic on Watt Avenue the other day because it was stupid.
And an F.U. to candy corn because it's really addicting, but you know what's even more addicting than candy corn?
Is that Indian corn, the one that tastes like chocolate.
Shit is so good. I'm telling you, that shit is so good.
Just don't eat candy.
I can't do that.
They make sugar-free candy corn, by the way.
Ooh, maybe now that, maybe I could do it.
But it makes you take a shit really bad if you eat too much of it.
At least I'd lose weight.
That's it.
Uh, Xtapher, let's get to your FUs tonight.
Uh, FU, fuck you to me, because I keep talking about sex, I need to get laid.
And I, I, I'm just talking about it way too much.
Um, so, yeah, fuck, fuck you to me, hopefully soon.
Um, and, yeah, I think that's pretty much it.
And I know there was something I was thinking about, and I can't remember it, so on to Angel.
Angel.
I've been to my computer, um, deciding to kill itself during a Scarlet Monastery run, which, uh, I don't know if you guys have all gotten that high or not, but, um,
Yet that wasn't cool when it did that because I had other stuff to do this weekend after
I was playing World of Warcraft so luckily it died after my portfolio was due for school
so that's a good thing but it still sucks I don't have a PC right now.
Other than that, all is well, I believe, so that's it for me.
Ron Chan would like to say an FU to Cablevision for coming to an install to replace a cable
modem.
Something that I could have done myself.
I didn't need to be up at 8am for this.
Nintendo Maniac 64 says FU to myself for not even touching my homework yet and it's like
midnight here on the east coast.
FU to our new Netgear wireless router that killed the internet on one of our computers
and required a reformat to get the router to work.
F you to my laptop for not being able to run Quake 2 using OpenGL at a smooth speed.
Tomokun says fuck my friend for overdosing on a ton of nutmeg last night at the homecoming
dance.
She knew she was allergic to it and that it makes you more sick than high.
It was attempted suicide.
Fuck you for attempting suicide by overdoing something you're allergic to.
And then he said don't read something but I did, I'm sorry.
The Dark Knight says F you to returning to work today and almost died of heat exhaustion
and an F you for my vacation coming to an end.
Jaded 2005 says F you to my internet for dying during the cage match.
Sakarina says F you to my teachers for only putting 10% of the marks that should be on
my midterm report card.
I'm not complaining about the actual marks that are there, but the ones that aren't there.
Mikolatov says F you to me for giving up Taco Bell.
If you know me in person, you know how big of a deal this is.
just gasps. F you also to Milpitas Golf Land because that place is too ghetto to
house a perfectly lovely pump exceed machine. But there was a guy that liked
you at the one that we have over here. DarklionXVI says one F you for tonight. F
you to Cox Communications for charging 75 bucks just to change the splitter that
connects both my TV and cable modem. Few days later I'm still getting disconnects
do to line and signal issues. Dark Tetsuya says F you to my crappy connection as always,
and F you to Squeenix for not giving me my slime keychain with my DQ8 demo. Goggle says,
and I almost said Google but I stopped myself, Goggle says, Froke everyone at the homecoming
dance for stopping when Dancing Queen came on. Just because it's not rap doesn't mean
you can't dance. Hey, I would have danced to Dancing Queen. It says dancing in its name.
I would have danced to that. I would have danced to it and I don't really like it. You know what they played at my first homecoming dance? It just dates me? The Humpty dance.
It's your chance. I don't remember what they played at our, a lot of Nirvana. Because my first homecoming was in 1990.
Oh, I didn't go to my homecoming dance. No, I didn't go to the prom.
I was at Red Robin last night watching all the people in their dresses and it was like a fashion show.
Goggle, invite us to the prom next time and we'll dance to Dancing Queen with you.
Oh my god, I would so go to the prom.
Hey, I still get carded, okay?
FU to the Digital Life Expo for not having that much free shit to go around this year.
FU to the 8 Days of Rain we had these past few days.
FU to the two asshats who host G4's X-Play.
You probably know who they are for bashing the shit out of DDRXtreme 2's songs and for mocking the fuck out of it.
Oh, I didn't see this. I should.
SSJ100Matt says FU to the Yankees for being knocked out of the playoffs. Go White Sox.
FU to this show turning into Prawn Lounge Radio.
Hee hee! We're horny. No apologies.
Well, it's not healthy.
I double-F you that. That's crappy.
You know what else? You know what? It's something about science teachers, our total cunts. I'll
tell you why. Because I had a ballad. I don't care if I drop the C-bomb. This guy deserves
it. My least favorite teacher of all time. Biology teacher I had in high school, right?
We were supposed to do a report. We had to do a report and it was like a final. It was
a final paper. And the final was on any North American animal was what the report had to
be on. I chose the vampire bat. Because it had the word vampire in it and I thought it
it was cool, the vampire bat is a bat from Mexico. We were all going around and
what he did is he said, I'm going to give you 3 extra credit points after we handed
in all our papers. He says, I want to know what you really learned and I'm going to give
you three extra credit points if you memorize the scientific name of your animal. Well I
knew mine and I said it out loud, and he said, great, you get the 3 extra credit points!
Unfortunately, I'm going to flunk you on the paper. In fact the whole class, he said this,
I'm going to flunk you on the paper because your animal is not from North America. That's
bullshit! I said, that's bullshit, Mexico IS in North America! And he said, no, that's
Central America. I said, I took him to task on this. I said, what do you call the North
American Free Trade Agreement, which involves Canada, U.S., and Mexico? And I still, I didn't
get it. I just finally, I got a D. I got a D. I got a D on the report. I would have taken
it to the principal. I would have done it too. I should have, but I... I have done that
to teachers when I was a child. I was too passive. I'm sorry if your teaching staff
here is fucking incompetent, but... I will never forget that to this day, and this is
is why I hate biology. That one incident is why I hate biology.
Your science teacher was a moron because even named by the continents.
Central America is just more of a categorization than it is continent.
The continent is the North American continent.
He backed up and said he said something from the United States.
I said, no, you said North American.
Exactly.
Bullshit. But that guy has been teaching at the school.
You should have said, excuse me.
That guy had been teaching at the school for three years.
What was I going to do?
I could see you saying that.
Go out to the baseball.
write him a letter here ten years later, why I hate biology, it's because of you. Do it!
Here I am on the internet bashing him. He probably has prostate cancer. He's probably
dying. I hate to put it, okay, the next semester, okay, this is really bad, I don't care. You're
going to kill him. No, I'm not going to, don't say that, because they'll come after me, the
FBI will come after him, I'm not going to kill him. He's just a sad, sad old man with
nothing better to do but fail kids on their reports because he doesn't know what he's
No, but here's the thing, like the next quarter, whatever, this was like the first quarter,
the next quarter, he like broke his neck, like literally, and some, we had a female
teacher come in for like three months, and then he came back and he had a humongous neck
brace, and my thought was, karma, motherfucker.
You know what?
So, you know what I feel so bad about during my high school years is because there was
a teacher, my data processing teacher, who was going to flunk me on something, some random
thing that I kind of stood up for myself for, and I like yelled at the guy.
It was the only teacher that in, well, one of the two teachers I yelled at my whole time
going to school.
And a couple of years later, he died in like a kind of a freak accident involving stones
and nature or something.
And like he, like I never ever like got a chance to like apologize for that, you know,
or whatever, because I was really kind of like...
Would you like to apologize now?
Well, I don't know if he's, he was a bastard, so he's probably in hell, so I guess I should
look down and say, hey, how's it going?
I'll see you in a couple years, in a few years, there's a few years on me.
The sad thing is my biology teacher was really old, he is probably dead, he's been like ten
years since high school.
You know what I'm sad about?
What?
That we haven't done a match game.
I know, we're not going to get to it either, probably.
Oh darn!
I haven't written questions, so I'll write questions for next week and we'll get to it
for sure.
Anyway, so what, now, I am, the ironic thing is, I'm a teacher now.
I just don't teach high school kids, but I teach-
You teach something worse.
I teach adults, which is much worse in some scenarios, but you know, for the most part
it's okay.
Actually when I'm in class, everything is great.
It's everything I have to deal with outside of class that irks me, usually.
When I'm in class, everything's fine.
And I actually taught X to per.
You did.
You're my daddy.
No, you aren't.
And extrovert got 100% on most of his exams.
I got 100%.
Yes, he did.
OK, but teachers, for the most part,
are usually really awesome.
They really are.
You want to know why?
I've had a lot of awesome teachers.
You know what's very sad, though,
is that for all the training classes
that they've been making us do, or they've
been making us learn all the customer service crap.
And I did customer service, so I knew all of the shit,
and I helped teach the class, basically.
I would suggest things that might not have been in the material that they would need
to know.
You know, that's how I got into training, though, where I work, is that I was sitting
in the class as a student.
I was suggesting how to make it better, and that impressed the trainer, and she suggested
I should be in.
See, HR positions aren't opening up in my work, so I'm going into compliance if I get
the job.
I want to be in HR.
That's one of my things.
I really do want to be in HR.
Well, this is great and all, but let's get into another segment.
So back to HR.
in it.
Yeah, you want to be all up in it, I'm sure.
Let's get back to Angel's Watersports.
Humpin' Repulses.
Huh?
Humpin' Repulses.
The Humpty Dance.
All right.
I want to get back to Angel's Watersports.
I don't want to get back to Angel's Watersports.
Oh, okay.
Then we don't have to get to your Watersports.
She's doing the blink thing, where she's like, blink, blink, what?
I like alcohol.
You know-
Alcohol makes you pee, and peeing has to do with Angel's Watersports.
How about that, Angel?
Um, no, but Jamie is the only one that successfully got me to drink liquor once.
Is that good?
Yeah.
I'm gonna bring over some sake one day.
And did you pee?
Can I bring up an actually relevant Bimani story real quick?
Sure, Rod!
Okay, we're gonna go to break and we're gonna come back and do Ask Orange Lounge because
the chat room is begging for it tonight.
Somebody gave me a link to this and I don't remember who now.
Oh, it was Goggle.
Goggle gave me this.
Thank you, Goggle.
Cuntastic.
No, it's not, it's not Cuntastic.
Oh, I mean, I kind of said that on a whim.
Yeah, you did. So shut up.
Take his mic. Loki, please take his microphone away.
He's punished. Take it away. Take it away.
All right.
Vagle sent us a story, and it has to do with the Serious Games Summit.
Seriously, you guys, serious.
No, what it is actually, it's going to be a, I guess, kind of summit thing going on.
It's actually going to happen in Washington, D.C. at the Serious Games Summit.
And it's going to be Monday, October 31st.
October 31st. Hey, that's Halloween. From 4.15 PM to 5.15 PM, it's a, like, session
on Dance Dance Revolution, the most researched serious game ever. Why and what have we learned?
And here's what it says on the little website synopsis. DDR is a game, a social activity,
a dance and performance platform, a community, a form of vigorous exercise, a weight loss
tool and more. It serves different needs for different people and it has been put to many
any surprising uses. This talk analyzes, or as I like to say, analizes, the appeal of
DDR and the many ways it has been implemented and researched as a serious game. It reviews
current research finding and then examines the exergaming phenomenon in general and where
it is heading. And I bet you we won't be mentioned at all.
Dude, that's insulting, because we're fabulous. We are the backbone of the DDR community.
We are the backbone of the DDR community.
Actually, we are the backbone of the entire video gaming community, really.
Because we are the number one rated podcast.
I don't know about that, but we managed to win an award, and we're cool.
Adam Curry digs us.
That's right, Adam Curry likes us.
I like his hair.
Adam Curry, if you're listening, I want to know what hairstyle you're talking about.
He's listening. He's got nothing better to do than say,
Oh, I'm going to listen to Orange Lawn's radio tonight because I want to hear it.
He's probably listening to his old tapes that he did.
You know, DJing on MTV or whatever.
I like Adam Curry, and he was...
I had such a thing for Adam Curry when I was younger.
Really? I kind of liked him too when I was younger.
And Colin Quinn, actually, because I liked his jaw.
I didn't like that.
If somebody would go to this lecture and tape it for us and get us a CD
so we can mock it on air, that would be great.
No, I'm sure it'll be interesting. I'm curious to see what they have to say. We'll see.
Alright, we'll be back after this. We're going to take a quick Tucson break and we're going to do some Ask Orange Lounge.
Sending your questions right now kids
I'm a thief, I'm a thief I'm a thief, I'm a thief
I believe, I believe, I believe
Music
Please listen to Orange Lounge Radio, because real radio makes Captain Jack cry.
We're back on Orange Lounge Radio, and we're going to get into a little segment here you guys know and love.
We're getting a lot of questions tonight, too, so we've got to get right into it.
It's Ask Orange Lounge.
Don't forget our podcast, boys and girls, which we do every week.
www.orangeloungelounge.com. Click on the to-go edition.
Are you okay? What the hell?
I'm making funny faces.
Why are you making faces?
Because I can.
We're going to do some Ask Orange Lounge.
Let's ask Orange Lounge some stupid questions. What will we find out this week on Orange
Lounge Radio? Perhaps a question we will find the answer to is why Jamie is smiling when
she comes out of the bathroom. I am still going to kick you. She's going to cut you.
I'm gonna squeeze the ferret to death.
It does happen once in a while.
It's just not a regular thing.
The cage match is long enough as it is.
We don't want to add another song to it.
NintendoManiac64 also wants to know, we're going to have
time for some more Skype, right?
I just downloaded it and got it working, and I'm, like,
uber excited for it.
Maybe.
Jaded2005 says, oh, this is actually a good question.
Jaded2005 wants to know, how did you first get into DDR?
May I?
I was going to Anime Expo
and this was in 96
no no no no it was after that it was like 98
was my first Anime Expo and I got into Busta Move right after that
and then I went to Anime Expo the next year which was
AX99 and someone had the first DDR for Playstation there
and I was in the middle of the Busta Move 2 tournament which really pissed me off
off because I was beating everybody for a solid hour, and then decimated my first guy,
got to the second guy, and got a faulty controller. I was also cosplaying Shorty that year. But
I thought it was really cool because I heard Casey and the Sunshine Band, and so I had
to get my own copy. So I got my first DDR that I ever owned, was like a burn of the
first one, and then I got a DDR for Dreamcast. And then I played my first machine at the
the next AX, which was a third mix. So AX 2000 was my first machine, and AX 99 was my
first time playing DDR. But I actually got, I actually played BeatMania before that, and
I played Dance Dance Dance, which sucked. The first time I ever saw DDR was at Milpitas
Golf Land, and it was the same weekend I lost my virginity. Just thought you'd like to know.
Can you describe that to us in detail? Yes, actually, at first, no, I'm not going to.
You can't describe your DDR experience? That's what I was asking you.
I'm sure you were.
I mean, why would I ask you to describe your first experience anal sex-wise?
Shut up!
God, take his mic away. Do it.
This time, don't give it back. This time, don't give it back.
How I got into DDR was I moved in with my roommate.
I was a fan of me. I saw BeatMania one year and DDR the next year.
I have a whole pile of 5 key beatmanias that I don't play.
Never. Never. Never. I said I don't shave my genitals.
It's not a shave. Stop it. Who gave him the mic back? Who? Who did that?
Loki did. You were responsible for keeping the microphone safe from his blasphemy.
Sakarina also wants to know, can Mr. Spanky get back on the show soon?
Blast for me, blast for you. Yes, Mr. Spanky can come back on the show someday, yes?
I don't know about soon. We don't want him to jump the shark, but he'll be back.
back.
We need Betty to come.
Sacrina also wants to know, can Exeterfer get the mic back and start another sex-related
joke for this week?
No, he can't.
No.
You can next week.
Tomo Koon wants to know, what's your worst homecoming memory?
Junior homecoming, which I showed up for 30 minutes.
My date had a mullet and I left.
I actually don't have negative homecoming stories to tell.
I, for the most part, they were pretty good. You know, I first kissed a girl my freshman year at homecoming.
I had this flu for prom.
Why are you laughing at that, Extover?
Because...
I just want to know what went through that girl's mind when she kissed you.
Like, oh, that's more of a friend. That's not a boyfriend.
Like...
I don't know. My mind.
It's gone. Anyways, um...
No, actually, my ex, she sucked because she was...
She wouldn't put out.
Well, that too, but no, she was kind of, she played soccer and she, like, injured her knee, like, four fucking years ago or something like that, and so, for whatever reason, it conveniently acted up whenever, you know, she'd go to a dance and she sucked.
So, anyways, hell with her.
Goggle wants to know, on the serious game summit thing, just an aside, apparently my
uncle is speaking that day on another topic, I'll see if I can persuade him to go to the
DDR thing.
Let us know if they're doing like, cause usually those summit type things, they sell CDs or
something, but they're usually really expensive, but you never know, we might be able to get
a deal or something.
So that's cool, um, good luck to your uncle on whatever topic he's speaking on.
Did you both put on, like, lip gloss before you guys kissed?
Will you shut up?
Oh my god!
Loki!
Let's kiss!
Loki!
Hold on to this.
Put on my lip gloss!
the mic away. My name is Rob Roberts. Kiss me. I'm just going to unplug him from the
board so he can't speak. Matt's got it back. And you're giving him his own show? Shame
on you. You know what? I don't have to be here. Nobody has to listen if they don't want
to. But if... Actually, extrovert looks all offended. Here's the thing though. If extrovert
Here's the thing though, if Extra Real Show gets lower ratings than Diversion did, which
is going to be very hard to do, if Extra Real Show gets lower ratings than Diversion did,
you are getting cancelled.
No, you're not taking the mic, it's my mic.
Goggle has a serious question.
I want to Skype in, but I have no microphone. Where can I get one, and how much should I expect to pay for one?
Radio Shack, $5.
Yeah, they're actually really cheap. You can get a nice little headset at Target for $19.99, and that would be like headphones with a little mic thing, which is good for TeamSpeak and stuff.
Actually, Office Depot was clearing out the Alta Glancing ones for $10, and Alta Glancing is really good.
really good. Shop around. If you're interested in buying on the internet, check out Google's
search thing. I know that's kind of ironic that I'm telling you to go to Google, but
they have that compare prices thing that's really cool. I recommend if you're going to
buy a computer thing, make it a brand name like Logitech or something. Greeny wants to
know, do any of you play double mode? Have you rolled up the king yet? Can you substitute
sound effects to bleep out profanity in the future? Question number one, do any of you
I used to, but I'm too fat now.
Dark Soccer, you used to play on Double Mode too, right? Still do?
Actually, I used to do nothing but doubles for a little while.
That's all I play.
Loki? Yeah, you play a lot of doubles, Loki.
Yeah, even now that I have, like, no stamina, I still play doubles, because singles just not for me.
Ironic, we all play doubles. That's kind of weird.
It's not at home, because, you know, I don't...
Yeah, not at home. I'll only do it in the arcade.
That's kind of weird.
Uh, have you rolled up the king yet? No, in fact, I haven't played Katamari Damacy in a little while.
I have had no time to play.
I'm gonna play the Japanese version for some reason. Can you substitute sound effects to
bleep out profanity in the future? Dude,
it's the motherfucking internet and we're gonna say what we want. And we don't have a delay.
Yeah, we don't have a delay or anything either.
Yeah, and you know who we would put in charge
of the delay if we had one? Exover.
And you know that wouldn't work. Ron Chan wants to know how come you guys don't play
the full versions of the songs that are in DDR, 2DX, and so forth.
The reason why...
We have.
We have in the past, and you hear that sometimes on the spin-off shows, but there's only been
one lately, and she likes to play non-DDR stuff on her show.
But she will once in a while, right?
I actually have done odd-but-money shows, and I've played the long versions.
And every so often I sneak in the Korean stuff.
If we played them on this show, our breaks would be really long, and we want to make
sure it's a lot of talking you know to want to keep the music minimal um we'll
do it occasionally though I'm tuned in maybe on maybe that's an idea for my
spin-off show I'll play nothing but long version of the money songs that might be
cool so we'll see um good yeah SSJ 100 Matt wants to know which would you
rather see remade on a next-gen console chrono trigger or Final Fantasy 7
neither guardian legend yeah guardian legend but if I had to choose between
between the two? Yeah, if I had to choose between the two. I would say Final Fantasy VII so that it actually looks good.
Because Chrono Trigger was already perfect. I'm going to say Chrono Trigger because I did not get into Chrono Trigger when it was on the Super Nintendo. I never got what the big deal was about Chrono Trigger. I mean, it was cool and all, but I did not nearly obsess over that game. I think a remake might help kick my ass a little bit into giving it a second look.
I've beaten Chrono Trigger. I've gotten like 7 of the 14 endings.
I got the Toriyama ending. That was pretty cool.
Anybody else want to share what they would see remade on the next gen console? Chrono Trigger or Final Fantasy 7?
Both can be remade anyways.
Chrono Trigger is going to be an MMO and Final Fantasy 7 is being remade for the PS3, so you'll get them both.
Leadfoot wants to know, should I buy In the Groove or just stick with DDR Extreme 2?
DDR.
Well, if you are choosing between those two, buy Extreme 2, definitely.
If you're just kind of bored with Extreme 2 and you want a new game, I'm cool with In The Groove.
Pump It Up.
Oh yeah, Pump It Up first though, honestly. Buy Pump It Up before you buy In The Groove.
Seriously, Pump It Up is a great game.
If you get bored of those, go play Step Mania.
Then you could buy In The Groove. In The Groove will hold you over. It will.
here. Zaku says here's a cool fact about this weekend's DDR tournament. No more
questions guys. No more questions. Final call for questions. Here's a cool
fact about this weekend's CDR tournament that you probably didn't know. There was
one event called Ironman in which you had to do an Oni course without the bar.
It was done on a DDR machine ghetto rigged to a PS2. Both screen and pad so folks
had to do max period on an arcade pad.
Ron Chan says, do you like this as the name of your spin-off show, The Sky Effect?
I liked, somebody suggested This Week in Sky as a parody of This Week in Tech.
I should do This Week in Sky, although it would sound like something that would be exploring
like me, and I don't know about that.
The Life Aquatic with Rob Robber.
How about we've blown it sky-high.
All right, we're done with that.
You know, I'm not going to say anything crude.
I just thought that The Life Aquatic, starring Rob Roberts, would be a good title.
The Life Bemonic.
The Life Bemonic.
Yeah.
And my show is not going to be crude, by the way.
I mean, I may say some crude things, but just listen in.
It'll be fun.
All right.
Say something good about it, Rob.
going to be fabulous. When I say fabulous, I mean stupid. I'm just kidding. It's going
to be interesting. It's going to be interesting. Cool. Like picking your nose and eating it.
That's interesting too. I'd rather do a Brazilian wax jar. Alright. It's 9.30. We've got to
get a final look. I'm just picking you in, Joke. Final thoughts. Angel, your final thought.
Nice for being here and not filling this show with sexual innuendo like Extrofer.
Why would I?
Except for that water sports thing.
That was hella gross.
That was his fault.
What's your final thought?
My PC must work.
Extrofer, your final thought.
Orange Lounge Radio a week from tomorrow.
Extrofer's case of the Mondays.
You'll have it.
I might catch something else.
Queer guy's voice with a straight guy's ear.
And girls.
Loki, your final thought.
You should name your show Bad Dude with Sky.
Are you a bad enough dude to eat a cheeseburger?
I'll just call my show The Guardian Legend.
Awesome.
My final thought is I'm sorry that we didn't get to open up
the Skype line again.
We ran out of time, by talking about us and fucking letting Christopher talk.
Just kidding.
DarkSanka, your final thought?
Reject false icons and remember it's down the road, not across the street, kids. Do it right.
That's it. One word of the show to sum everything up. One word. Final word of the show. Angel, I'm going to give it to you. Final word. What is it?
Water sports. Wow.
That does it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio Live.
Orange Lounge Radio Live is an Orange Lounge Radio production.
For more information about our station, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here is your fortune cookie message of the day.
This is the only way
And to rest your games through
Cause now you have to answer to
America
Fuck yeah
America
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
End of line.
That's it.
Show's over.
the stream in about 15 seconds for Bimani music and video game music. Thanks for listening!
