We dance united together, we are one
I'll take you there, baby, come go with me
Ah, barriba y barra
Y que choriba de toda
La toda la toda la toda la corazón
Barriba y barra
Y que choriba de toda la toda la corazón
Love you for my love and
I fell in love with your voice and your laughter
And just one smile always makes me believe
My destiny curious if you are mine
Oh, won't you tell me if we're meant to be?
When you dance with me, boy, I know you feel my needs more
When you dance with me, boy, I know you feel my needs, boy
Mambo mambo teo, Mambo mambo teo
One, two, three!
what's the point, it's like trying to shove a piano through a door when there's a perfectly
good window right there. I mean, I don't see the point. And that's why men will never have
babies. The genius of Loki on Orange Lounge Radio. The following live program is a special
presentation of Orange Lounge Radio.
Hello everybody, it is October 9th, 2005. You're tuned in to Orange Lounge Radio Live.
And we're about ready to kick off tonight's program. On tonight's program, we're going
to be talking a little bit about Extreme 2's online mode, because I got a chance to play
that this week. And we're also going to be talking a little bit about Tycho Drummaster
because X-Defer picked that up this week and he's like obsessed with Tycho Drummaster all
of a sudden. So we definitely have to talk to him about that and his movie reveal. All
that and all the other crap you're used to here on this lovely program known as Orange
Orange Lounge Radio, see you after this.
You're mentioning the Orange Man Iridium Live, the body-talked radio, so much more.
Oh
God
Call me daddy
Orange lounge may contain adult content
Orange lounge may contain many four-letter words
Orange lounge may contain a scene of nudity
Orange lounge may contain plenty of
Muh-uh-muh-chuh-muh-kocky.
Just kidding, Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that.
In this episode...
Why isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Skye, and Loki.
We are live!
And this is episode number 159 for this October the 9th of 2005.
You're tuned into Orange Lounge Radio, radio that gamers really want.
And this is Orange Lounge Radio Live, your home for all the news and discussion on rhythm and music games,
as well as the gamer community and the pop culture world.
We're plugged in and fully interactive through our website, www.orangelaungeradio.com is
the place to be.
My name is Rob Roberts, you might know me as Skye, joining me as always are my awesome
co-hosts.
Not here right now is Dark Sakura!
Yeah, I'm actually not sure where she's at, I know she said something about homework was
probably going to delay her a little bit, but we'll see what's going on.
I'm sure she's gonna run through the door any minute now going traffic or the line at Safeway or something
So she'll be here any minute, but I we're here with us. And by the way, when dark Sakura does get here everybody
Just kidding I could never fire her she kicked my ass
Right here is the one and only Loki. Hello. How you doing, Loki?
Good, except I'm good in the you know, the department of developing pictures
I I will talk about this later because I want to talk about how stupid that thing is
So we'll talk about that in a little bit.
I noticed Loki is sporting his In the Courtroom shirt today.
So, those of you guys that won prizes a couple weeks ago, we finally got the In the Courtroom shirts.
So our grand prize winner, who won that? Justin and Icy, I think, won the haiku thing.
We're going to be sending the In the Courtroom shirt along with the In the Coop game this week.
And I'll tell you what, I can't say anything about something that's in the works right now,
but I'll be damned if this isn't the best week for us to be doing this.
It helps save it for next week because it's going to be great, that's all I can say.
Are you sure about irony?
Yeah, I know.
Anyway, we're here though and we're going to be talking about all sorts of other stuff.
Bugd is also here tonight, one of our guests.
Howdy.
How you doing?
Hi, I have a PSP.
And fuck traffic apparently.
I knew it.
What did I say?
I said she'd walk in here and she'd go fuck traffic or fuck the line at Safeway.
One of the two.
Hi DarkSakura, how are you?
Got your butt.
Next.
Alright.
So we're here, and we're about ready to get started with tonight's show.
Xtafur is out in the front room playing Tycho Drummaster.
My fault!
Yeah, your fault. I'll be talking to you about that later.
We'll get into that.
Meanwhile though, let's get tonight's show started.
Get your butt in the chatroom, Warrensonitrader.com.
We're going to come back, we're going to talk a little bit about
Something's going on in the Bomani scene, although it's kind of a slow news week because everybody's playing
Dance Dance Revolution Extreme 2. I want to talk about online mode a little bit though because I finally got into online mode today
It's very interesting and I can talk about my gaming router adventures and everything so it'll be fun. We're gonna have a fun show kids
We'll be back after this. We're gonna start it off this break with a song
That definitely had a lot of people talking last week. We're gonna talk about it a little bit more this week
But we're going to play the original uncensored version of Injection of Love.
We'll be back after this.
Oh, clover, won't you play with the emo?
Oh...
It's a miracle, it's a miracle
It's easy, but I'm made out of fortune and old
It's got to be your love
The only love I want and all You are the angel of my life
It's tough to see my heart Bein' beside you on my own at all
I wanna get closer to you, my love Until the day I die
I'll be your everything
And oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Won't you change my hand?
But I will be a man
So tonight we're gonna dance the night away
One, one, two
Won't you be the crew?
Sing the night of love
It's what we got to do
All the time
We'll be together
Cause it's yours and mine
Forever we're in the dark
Hey, I won't be a man for so long
Tonight we're gonna dance the night away
One, one, two
Won't you be the crew?
Singing at the club is what we got to do
All the time we'll be together
Cause it's yours and mine
And fight forever, where is this love, babe?
Yes, this is my music for you
that show what show well they play a lot of great
the money and video game music but if you listen to it you have to listen to
it again within seven days oh I've heard of that station really yeah I even
listen to it a couple weeks ago hey what happens to you if you don't listen to it
again well you die I write hey wait what's this crazy bitch doing coming out
my computer screen orange lounge radio listen hi we're back on orange lounge
radio here episode number 159 got every week I say a one higher a number and I
think damn we've been doing this show a long time we're in like what studio
number three actually really it's four if you think about it cuz the show has
has been done at two of Dark Sakura's places.
Yeah, because I moved once and then I moved again.
This show gets around quite a bit.
We're such a ho.
Yeah, that's right.
We're whores for you kids.
How are you doing tonight, this lovely Sunday evening?
I hear this constant pounding in my head tonight.
Just a constant pounding.
It's just extra for playing taiko drum master out in the living room.
Oops!
Dark Sakura, what the hell?
What did you do?
Friday night we had our supposed to be weekly Firefly marathon and we went out to do late
night lions and came back and I was actually hunting down the turbo duo to play some Dracula
X and instead Dan's like, put up your free taiko drum master, so I did and I have a RO
I'm not going to say the name, but I also have, of course, the original, because Dan
got all that for free for me.
And so we played, like, a bunch, unlike, like, two songs.
My hands were bruised by the time I was done.
And I won the watermelon contest.
The watermelon contest?
The minigames.
Oh, and the minigames.
I haven't really played enough Ticodermism.
I've played Ticodotatogen, but I don't remember that minigame.
I'm going to be importing some of the Ticodotatogen.
I've played like three different Taiko no Tatujin games thanks to Navi the Papa Music
Horror.
He has like all of them, so I've played a bunch of those.
I don't remember the watermelon eating game.
I remember when it was like- The intro was cracked out.
That is one of the queerest movies I've ever seen, the How to Play.
The How to Play was great.
The How to Play was like, when the red dot comes, hit the note, boom boom ba doom, boom
boom ba doom.
It's like those little songs that- I'm talking about the intro though.
It was cold cracked out, and it made me really have a craving for takoyaki.
Takoyaki is yummy.
Did it bring out your inner egg, where you're white on the outside, yellow on the inside?
I just want takoyaki, because takoyaki is yummy.
Don't they have takoyaki, Belle?
Die!
And by the way, school sucks.
And by the way, school sucks.
Oh, I was just about to ask you?
Sucks my big fat toe.
I was about to get into, uh, you know...
Itchy.
Itchy toe.
Everybody...
My rash-covered toe.
Is your rash gone?
No, it's not gone.
I want to see it.
Where's...
I still have big psoriasis.
What happened with the rash?
Look at my toe.
You'll see scary.
And this is a great radio.
This is going to look like a...
I know, this is a wonderful radio.
Okay, now that I see.
How did you get a rash?
Well, it began with that sinus infection that I was so pissed off at my doctor for not giving
me antibiotics for.
I want to point out, first of all, Dark Sakura thought she got it from this apartment at
first.
Yeah, because I didn't start itching until I was here doing the show.
You're allergic to extrofer.
That's basically what it is.
I am allergic to gay...
Okay.
You're allergic to gay people?
Is that what you're going to say?
Gay people?
No.
Are you homophobic, ma'am?
I'm allergic to your carpet.
Your gay carpet.
to your carpet.
Your gay carpet?
You and I have something in common, honey.
I don't like like either!
I don't like carpet either!
Yay! Anyway.
No, um...
No, I can't be allergic to gay because I caught that already.
Yeah, yeah.
At, uh, Spigle. Five years ago.
How did you catch gay at Spigle?
Because, okay, this is an old story.
Do tell.
I remember my big Pepsi bong, I got this big, bone-shaped Pepsi drink with a long straw.
I don't know if they still sell it at Spigle. I highly doubt it.
Spigle, by the way, Sunnyvale, California.
And you had just got done playing an intense game of DDR.
So you said, here, do you want something to drink? I don't have any diseases.
And you say, okay, and take a Spigle drink, and I take it back, and I take my drink, and you go, I have gay.
I was like, oh my god, suddenly I want Irene.
I remember that.
OK, I remember that now.
Yeah, that was an old story.
OK.
But it turned out, well, my doctor,
after two weeks of all these other treatments
and I don't get better, we decided it's not viral.
So it puts me on amoxicillin, which
I've never reacted to before.
I called my mom to make sure before I started taking it, mom,
do you have any reactions to amoxicillin?
No, it's just penicillin.
And these are the same family, but some people don't have reactions to one that they do to the other.
It's like, okay, so I take it, I'm fine, I finish it up last week.
And then Sunday, during the middle of the show, I start to itch.
Itch, itch, itch. I don't think anything of it.
And Monday I'm a little itchy, you know, just a little bit itchier, and then I go to spin,
which of course the worst thing you can do when you are having a rash is to exercise,
because you are not supposed to be warm.
Spin, by the way, is a class at the gym where you ride a bike a lot.
Yeah.
Okay.
And different in exciting positions.
because the light does not spin around country before that i thought it was
just you know what will kids do where they'd never get up and spin kind of
but that was the best thing on the playground i think that
you could be it's been a little merry-go-round like put your friends on
it and then you'd like
get five people just to spin that thing it's all right and then tell them i
said in the order of uh... like everybody gets so dizzy they throw up
it's you know that still fun we need to do or something like the park
we do one of our we need to do one of our podcast at the park
on the merry-go-round. As I was saying...
Tuesday I have red welts all over my body.
I am itching and miserable. Wednesday
I call the doctor in the morning and go ahead and schedule my appointment and
as the day develops my throat starts closing up. I'm having trouble breathing.
I had stomach cramps so bad... You definitely didn't catch Gaye because your throat wouldn't be
closing up.
Okay, as I was saying
I went to eat at the deli that I normally do behind my work, and as I was walking back,
my stomach cramps were so bad that I would have to stop because I could not walk, because
it hurt to put the pressure on my stomach from the motion of walking.
So I went to the doctor, it took a while to narrow down everything because the drugs were
the last thing I was thinking of since I never react to drugs, and it turned out it was the
amoxicillin had done nothing different and so I'm given beautiful antihistamines
which actually don't make me as sleepy as she said they would not like Benadryl
which is instant coma and a pill. And this is drug chat with dark Sakura. But
and then one of my co-workers who has issues with eczema let me use her
prescription for this ointment that made the itch go away. You know I once had an
allergic reaction to amoxicillin. It was the first time I was ever on penicillin of any
type. I was probably like 12 years old and I don't even remember why I was on amoxicillin.
Why do they put people on amoxicillin? Because they have like sinus infections or something?
It's an antibiotic. It's an antibiotic. I love that stuff. It tastes so good. That is
gross. It doesn't taste like anything. It's a pill. That's right, because my doctor. Well,
I don't take pills. I can't swallow pills. I just had a sinus infection when I got back
from Pennsylvania like a couple of months ago and the doctor wanted to put me on amoxicillin
and I was like, no. Because I get really bad rashes. Like, I had a rash so bad, like it
look, my chest was all pink and spotty. It looked like, I don't even know how it said.
You didn't know how bad it was at the club. I went in and sat on these couches, and it's
under a blacklight. And I'm so very pale that all the places where I was broken out
looked like big black spots. Oh my God.
Because my skin normally glows when I go in the club.
To which they went, oh no, she's infected. Someone mentioned that my neck looked like
like it had a continent on it.
Did it say you had the SARS?
Yeah, it was SARS.
So besides diseaseful, how was your week?
I played lots of games.
Like what?
I played, I finally opened up my copy of Katamari.
Yay, so we can say the K word again.
We can say the K word again.
Alright, good to hear.
And then I played some World of Warcraft.
And thought about asking Dan to buy me DDR and then I thought no.
You know, I realized why I can't ever play World of Warcraft.
Why? Because everybody I... like a lot of people I know play World of Warcraft, and
everybody's trying to get me to sign up and go to their server.
The problem is that everybody is on a different server.
So if I sign up for that game, I'm going to have to pick a server to go to, and
I'm going to piss people off. No, not necessarily.
The... and, and, um, except for having this conversation the other day, when I was
showing World of Warcraft, you can have as many characters as you want on as
as many servers as you want to and not get charged for it.
But I don't like the whole spreading of characters because then you don't have time to focus
and get one really, really uber powerful...
But you level so fast. Seriously.
Not Guild Wars fast, but fast.
I was in an hour of gameplay, I made level 6.
You can't do that on Final Fantasy XI, I'm sorry.
Not when you first play.
Not in an hour of gameplay.
Not when you first play.
you have people freaking tanking for you or something, but by yourself. There's ways,
but not when you first play. You can run around and not kill anything and at least go up two
levels. On World of Warcraft? On World of Warcraft. You find a lake, you get 50 experience
points. You find a town, you get 100 experience points. You meet X person, you get 100 experience
points. That's retarded. You finish a quest, you get 50, actually it is not for the simple
reason it is an RPG if you do tabletop RPG if you do live-action RPG you get
experience for doing things and participating in the game not for just
going around doing freaking hack and slash which I think is ridiculous you
discover you have arms to experience you discovered the secret to lovemaking you
just hit puberty thank you grow your first pubes five experience but I like
that in the fact that experience is defined by what you do not just what you
kill. Also Jamie. Oh hi. Hello. Take a break from Tycho long enough to say hello. I did.
All right. Yo everyone. Are your hands bruised yet? No my hands aren't bruised yet. What I was
gonna ask you to tell you to say is what happens when you die on World
of Warcraft. Oh yeah you have to go back and find your body. You're a ghost. I do
I do remember seeing that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's pretty cool because I haven't died yet because I'm awesome.
Now of course, usually when we do little things like that where we just start repeating one
thing over and over, gaining experience, our chat room joins in.
I'd like to share some of the little things they've come up with here.
We have L. Mullet who, God, I haven't seen him in chat in forever.
Welcome back.
L. Mullet says that you lost your virginity, 50 experience points and chlamydia.
Got pizza times four.
I think that's a reference to the slash pizza command in EverQuest you randomly die six experience you learn what IRC is
You guys are weird. All right
You know in in real life
You know the different things you do add to your experience and teach you along the way and you love a little sometimes
You do level when you find things out in real life. I
Traumatize me minus
Your boyfriend's been fucking around on your back and behind your back.
I do like the fact how they have a quest where you can get a chicken pet to follow you around, and the chicken pet's easily killed.
So it's a very complex quest for a really useless item.
The last quest series of quests that I've been doing, and I'm on the last leg of the series, are the
Go to this fountain and fill this bottle and bring it back.
And I've done this with five different locations, and now I'm going to the big town to give my bottle to somebody.
And I'm, like, kinda underleveled for where I am, because I've just been running quests.
I think it would be cooler in World of Warcraft if the chicken that followed you, you could start slashing it, like, over and over,
and then all of a sudden, all the chickens start attacking you, and then it says,
and then it says, you got a cock in your ear, fifty experience points, and you got your brains fucked out.
Thank you, Xtavor. I like playing the zombies, though, because you can eat people.
If you play the undead, you can regain energy by feeding on corpses.
That's lovely.
So what happens if somebody eats your corpse before you find it?
I think it's eating other corpses.
I haven't tried doing it yet, because the other good thing about it is that you regenerate
XP and you regenerate your MP or energy if you're one of the undead.
You got sued by Konami.
That's great.
You got sued by Konami minus 999 experience.
wouldn't it be minus five seven three experience I don't know as I was saying
without saying anything all I have to say is that this week something the most
hilarious thing is about to happen I can't even put it into words next week
you guys is it gonna be done by next Sunday or do we have to wait till we
Thursday so is it gonna be done by next Sunday yeah stay tuned on our website
We got big news coming up, and next Sunday we're going to have a field day.
That's all I have to say.
I just find that the other thing that was occurring to me that I also find hilarious
about that is just the number of things I'm going to have on display.
I know, I know.
When said person.
I know.
Anyway, anyway.
No more about that.
No more.
There's your teaser.
I dread.
I dread what's going to come of this.
I'll be bringing it out.
I dread.
Anyway, our listeners are still watching.
I don't know.
What the fuck are they talking about?
But I'm going to be putting out my pop music controller in my...
If the listeners are going to accuse us of jumping the shark ever, next week will be
it.
Oh yeah.
I swear to God, next week will be it.
I even find this hilarious.
They asked for it.
Anyway.
You should put other, like, Bamani and stuff out.
Anyway!
Moving on.
It'll be around.
Loki, how was your week?
How was your day?
My week was okay.
I didn't play that many games.
I played Burnout, and more Burnout, and more Burnout. And... So, anyways, my week started
off with I had to go to, um... Jury Duty. And, uh...
Oh my God, you went to Jury Duty this week. That's right.
Yes. How'd that go?
I didn't get called. Instead, I had to watch four movies, um, because they played movies
while we were waiting. So, I got to watch Advent Children again on my PSP, and then
Then I watched Episode 4 of Star Wars.
And then finally, the Pacifier, followed by While You Were Sleeping.
Extremely boring.
But I got to play Burnout that day on my PSP, so that was fun.
And then, other than that, today I played Let's Return Games to GameStop and pre-order
Xbox 360 games, so I did that, and I will have to say now I am an ordinary owner of
I have one copy of Nintendogs and not three.
You're supposed to let me take the doggies.
Oh well.
So then, wow, what a nice guy.
So I pre-ordered Gun and Project Gotham Racing 3.
That's going to be awesome.
And what else did I do this week?
Eh, not too much.
I'm supposed to be getting stylish attire for the...
Because I'm going to Lake Tahoe this week for our 25th anniversary party for our company, and I have to wear stylus attire.
So I have pinstripe pants, and I have my shirt for it. I'm gonna look pimp. But anyways, what else?
Oh, that's pretty much it. You know, just lots of work stuff, and yeah. Some stuff like that.
Sounds good.
Oh, and right now my stomach feels like it's being eaten by zombies because I just finished, um, a quarter pounder.
You know what? Fuck the McDonald's Monopoly game. Fuck it all.
It seems like every other month it's like, Monopoly's back!
It's like this big excuse to come eat like crap and supersize your meals so you can get, and even though they claim they don't do supersizing anymore, they do.
They don't.
Yes, they do.
They turn the supersize into large.
No.
large is not as big as supersize. Trust me, I am missing out on potential drink and fries.
And you know, they finally switched the cups back to these nice plastic ones that don't
fucking blow up when I put them in my cup holder, because that was really fun. But at
least they have that fixed now. And what I have to say is now this new Monopoly game
you play online as well as collect the stupid pieces. So I've been playing it online and
And so far I've won three times the stupid, um, prints at this fish something or other.
I don't know, some stupid online, uh, photo place. So now I can get, like, 75 exposures.
That's great, except I don't take pictures of anything. So...
You should take, like, pornographic pictures of something, or I don't know, like, really
raunchy photos, like, take pictures of you and Ellie having sex or something, and see
if they'll develop it.
They won't develop that crap.
You don't know that. Try it.
You know that.
It'll make a statement.
Oh, however, anyways, I'm just trying to win something else.
But I do like these Best Buy bucks. That's the only thing I really play it for, is these Best Buy bucks.
So I got four dollars from two different fries.
But why didn't you just the four dollars that you would have spent on food?
I did spend on food. I wanted fries, but I also got fries and free money.
Hey, I like free money.
Whatever. My week and my day was pretty okay. Yesterday I went to Fry's, which is, you know,
nerd heaven. Fry's is this giant electronic store here on the West Coast. I don't think
they have it on the East or it's slowly going out there or something. It's also Outpost.com
online. And so I went to Fry's and I finally bought myself a gaming router, a wireless
gaming router. And what that'll allow me to do is that, since Bug was good enough to give
me a wireless router for the computer, because we didn't have a wireless router for the longest
time, but he gave me a wireless router for the computer so I could use the PSP 2.0 browser
and I knew the DS thing would be coming out too. And I didn't know they were going to
release that dongle thing, the USB that you could plug into the back of your computer
so you wouldn't even need a wireless network anyway, but it doesn't matter at this point.
But anyway, without having to run a cord to the living room, because the Xbox and Playstation
out in the living room, we have the routers in here for the computers, so I don't have
a cable long enough, so I had to get a wireless gaming router, basically. It's specifically
something you use to plug your Xbox and PlayStation into. So I bought one of those, and it's nice
to be back on Xbox Live and getting killed at Halo.
The other thing there, you reminded me about mentioning computer stuff. I got my main computer
back, so I can play games now, and that made me happy. Also, I'm working on doing the pop
music controller and I went and actually bought the pop music buttons
so I have the official arcade buttons so you know and I don't play pop music I
hate pop music but for some reason I'm building a pop music controller
oh it reminds me I need to play some pop music stuff next break
I have pop music 13 stuff I never got to in a previous week I don't think but anyway
thank you for reminding me
uh... what else did I do this week? not a whole lot I guess I started playing
extreme 2 online today because since I got the router last night I was
playing
Extreme 2 online a little bit today. It's interesting. It's better than I thought it
would be based on what I had heard early on, the feedback. It was a little bit better done
than I thought it would be. But it seems like, I don't know, it feels like halfway finished
to me. But I think that more has to do with the fact that UltraMix has a more polished
online thing where you can actually choose your opponent and choose your song, which
is kind of interesting, but I wonder if that has to do with the fact that Xbox Live is
just probably better set up for that kind of thing than the free Playstation things.
I have no idea. I don't program these games, I don't know, but the online one, if you guys
have played it, you know that you don't choose your opponent, you just search for an opponent,
and you don't get to choose your song. You only get to choose light, standard, heavy,
or any. So, it's interesting. And I've played some top ranked players in the time that I've
been on there. And what's very interesting about doing that is that, well, A, they've
all really, really beat me. But the other interesting thing is that it's randomly picking
your song. I've played probably like 15 to 18 matches online total, which really isn't
a lot. That's probably about less than an hour of game time. I play like 15 to 18 matches
online. Paranoia Survivor Max Heavy has come up three or four times at least. And there's
supposed to be like 70 freaking songs in this game. It's picking songs at random. I got
paranoia survivor max three or four times out of like like one out of every
three matches with paranoia survivor max that's crap that's such crap because
paranoia survivor max has bullshit steps if I want to play a song with bullshit
steps I'll go play in the groove okay so that's my experience with online
otherwise it's okay I mean I did the ranking thing it's it's fun I guess and
you know playing matches is okay except you can't really talk to the person
you're playing so you can only imagine what their reaction is like because I
know I was playing one kid and he was doing really well and then all of a
sudden it like I think he got pissed off that he got a good or something because
all of a sudden you just see boo boo boo boo boo and all these you know misses
going up his side of the screen so it's kind of funny but you can't really hear
them like you can on Xbox so oh darn I know then again kids say really stupid
shit on Xbox not so much DDR the DDR rooms are rather decent compared to like
like Halo 2 or Doom 3, playing those online, and you got all those kids, like,
I'm gonna beat you up, I'm gonna cut you, I'm gonna shoot you, faggot, bla bla bla.
That's what playing is.
I do what I want!
Exactly.
My mom ain't home right now, I got a 40, bla bla bla.
I hate kids on explosives.
I just stabbed my sister, I'll do what I want!
Alright.
Anyway, so that's that.
Bugged, how was your week, how was your day?
I sold all my DS stuff yesterday and picked up a PSP.
And just because, what attracted you to PSP?
The sound worked.
My DS's sound was dead.
They didn't ask me when I sold it if it worked or not.
That's because anything that doesn't fully function and get sent back for refurbishment.
Ahh.
Nope.
He didn't say anything about it.
Just because they test them later and if they don't work they send it back to be refurbished.
Oh good.
I still got my 55 bucks for that.
As it turned out, all my stuff was worth the $150, and this is clear back to, like, Pokemon
Silver.
Wow.
All of my Game Boy stuff.
And Nintendogs.
I didn't play it often enough, but PSP I can at least do stuff other than play games on.
I think I'm kind of done with Nintendogs, which is kind of sad, because I really, really
love that game.
I mean, and I remember saying it was like-
It's over far too quick.
It's, yeah.
I don't, it doesn't hold my interest long enough, and maybe, maybe I'm just trying to
to get more of a game out of it, and it's really not supposed to be that. I don't know.
I hated that I have to play it. It's just like, I'm like, aw, goddammit, I gotta feed
the dog again. I mean, that's not too surprising, because that's how Tamagotchis are, and that's
how, you know, other virtual pets. I can't find my DS. Oh, shit. I left it in my locked
drawer at work, because I take it to work. Oh, maybe that's it. Maybe, but my puppies
are gonna be pissing all over my tatami house. Well, they don't pee on the floor, like they
doing like Sims 2 and stuff. Anyway, so anything else?
I went down to the Bay Area and ran into random people that we know.
Yeah. I went to Dave & Buster's for dinner and as
I was leaving I was like, wow, that really looks like, holy crap, it is. And there's
a large, they took out two of the driving games right next to the entrance. What was
it, the Namco whatever the hell it was, and the Tokyo Cop.
Maximum Tune? Yeah, Maximum Tune.
I'm like Tokyo Cop. Both of those are gone.
Yeah, they took out Maximum Tune. It's not in there anymore.
But those two are gone, and there's now a giant six-player trivia game.
Six-player trivia game?
Six-player trivia game. You have three buttons, A, B, and C. You just press the button of the answer.
That sounds kind of interesting.
It's a ticket game.
As I walk up, our other intrepid listener had a pile of tickets running around her feet several times, as per usual.
That's great.
She bought an Xbox. This is her previous girl, by the way. She's been on the show before, so some of our listeners might know her.
I don't know what she wouldn't buy on here, so...
Sharks Girl.
Okay. But she now has $50,000 in one. She came up six short, so I gave her three tickets to put her over $50,000.
What's she buying now?
PS3.
Wow. That's crazy.
But that was really strange to just randomly...
Run into people?
They run into people?
Randomly run into people.
And I was thinking about actually text messaging her and saying,
Hey, are you up for Dave & Buster's Night?
She read your mind.
Apparently so.
Amazing.
Yep.
I want to go check out the trivia game.
Although I am sad about Tokyo Cop.
Don't be.
I like Tokyo Cop.
Sucked.
Tokyo Cop was really awful.
You bastards.
If it's the same game I'm thinking of, it's like right there when you walk through
the door, it's right there on the right.
Yeah, it drove the little crazy heart.
I like Tokyo Cop.
Nobody else did.
You know what they need to get anywhere because they're releasing it over here is the Mario Kart arcade game.
Holy God do I want to play that so bad.
But that's geared towards kids.
No it's not.
No, I don't care. I'll kick the kids out.
All they have to do is put something you can hold your beer in.
Exactly.
I'll tell you what, that F-Zero arcade game kicked ass.
The only problem with F-Zero arcade game is that there was like three tracks.
Four.
Yeah, like four tracks.
An F-Zero arcade game could have been amazing if they put more tracks on it, and like more
to do.
It wasn't so damn expected, but the F-Zero arcade game was awesome.
I liked it.
Well, the nice thing about going to Dave & Buster's for dinner and stuff, they had the $13.99
get a $10 card.
Now it's $14.99 all day, Monday through Thursday.
By the way, secret message from our chat room.
Poland, Poland!
Poland, yes.
There you go. She's psychic! Shark's girl just hopped in chat and said Poland, Poland!
She's probably listening. I think so.
She claims to. Her boyfriend was in chat earlier, so I think
they're both listening. It looks that way.
Yes. Poland. Definitely Poland.
Is that like a trivia question thing or something? Yeah, everyone else answered right, because
it was pretty obvious. And, well, she didn't.
Alright, anyway. I don't even remember the whole question.
It was something about Poland.
No, it wasn't about Poland.
No, it wasn't about Poland.
It was about somebody being from a certain country,
and one of the choices was Poland,
but the right answer was something completely odd.
I want to try this game out sometime.
I'm going to have to go back to Dave & Buster's.
I wish they'd build one here.
I love the idea of a Chuck E. Cheese for adults,
where kids aren't allowed after a certain time.
That's like heaven to me.
I don't think they should be allowed at all.
In heaven, I don't want children to be allowed after 11 o'clock.
If you could if you could just beat them up and kick them out of the way
Yeah, kind of like how in Katamari when you hold down the button and run you can bump the cousins out exactly
Yeah, that would be perfect for kids at night
because drunken rages are just like
X2 four hours your week. How was your day?
It's pretty much your usual week for me. I like went to work, you know
Played music at home
home, showered, shaved, masturbated more than a few times.
And also, you know, on Fridays, Fridays have officially been dubbed Firefly Fridays.
And so Jamie and I, or DarkSakra and I have- I prefer my name.
Okay.
Jamie and I went ahead and we went ahead and watched up to the end of the second
Disc of Firefly, which was great, good times.
The J-Town episode.
Yeah, it's pretty funny.
Pretty funny stuff.
Still recommend the movie.
A hero called me.
That was great.
Okay, sorry.
So, anyhow, we went and saw...
We saw that at our place, and then we also went to Lions, where I got to explain why
Pez candy is like the sheepskin condom of candy.
Oh, you want to know why? Oh, okay.
Probably not, but okay. Because sheepskin condoms are like the classic
that nobody really thinks about now. And so are PEZ candies.
PEZ candies go in those now? They just may.
You know a sheepskin condom PEZ candy dispenser? That might be something to talk about.
Just move on, please. So that would make the PEZ condiments, right?
So anyways, that was my week.
As for yesterday, it wasn't that great.
It was kind of one of those dramatic family days.
I did end up seeing a movie that I'll probably talk about later on, but otherwise that's
really all.
Today I bought Taiko Drum Master because I've been kind of... Oh, that's another thing
thing that Jamie and I did on Friday night was I got to play her taiko drum master, which
is so much funner with two people that it's still fun as with one person.
Funner.
Funner.
Yeah, funner is the new word of the day.
So much more fun.
Whatever.
Fuck you.
Smartass.
So anyways, that's how the week was.
You know, I seem to remember that when we moved in together and you're going to be the
roommate and everything, you didn't really like video games an awful lot.
Like, you had a few GameCube games. You liked Metroid, you liked Donkey Konga.
Now you're running out to GameStop. I gotta get Tycho Drum Master!
Well, I mean, Tycho Drum Master's like Donkey Konga.
It's a hell of a lot better than Donkey Konga. It's great, but, you know.
I'm fairly... I'm not so much bad with the video game stuff.
I can get into stuff. I used to be into it when I was little.
You know, I played the Mario Brothers. Thank you.
Oh, no problem for that.
All right.
We're going to go to a quick break, boys and girls, when we come back.
Maybe we'll do some Bahmani news if there's anything going on.
I don't know. I have to look. It's been a long week.
And we'll also get into the Cave Match tonight at some point.
EFUs of the Week.
Oh, I want to talk about this, too.
Listen to our podcast this week, boys and girls,
because we're going to be giving away PSP games.
We're giving away Death Jr. and Coded Arms on this week's podcast.
Isn't that lovely?
So listen to this week's podcast to figure out how to win.
Podcast is over at orangelawnsradio.com. Click on Orange Lawns Radio to go.
In this break we're going to hear some music from Poppin' Music 13 since Loki was so kind
to remind me we haven't done some of this music yet. We're going to hear a brand new
Sota Fujimori song starting us off with Spring Come Around.
We'll be back after this. Maybe the Skype line too when we come back from this break with your calls.
orangelawnsradio.com. Click on interact with us. We'll be back on Orange Lawns Radio.
Oh
Oh
Then nay nay nay nay nay nay
Then nay nay nay nay nay nay
Then nay nay nay nay nay nay
Then nay nay nay nay nay nay
Oh
It's just a matter of time, it goes by, it's all a matter of time The moment may have sealed me alive, but I can forget the moment
If I don't get what I was hoping to show to you yet
I wish I had a girl my girl would swear I could
With no faith, or running, or running
She could play her life without me
If I was to change, and it could rise
But I can't take it to be real, I think
If the sun doesn't fly, I won't lose
I can't get back to you
I don't know what it's gonna be if we didn't show
She could think of no light
Looking for the pain inside your face
These memories come all the same
You say you love me
I would know well
Well, you was out here for me, wasn't it?
After this song, we'll be having a Let Them Move marathon.
Noooooo!
Just kidding, Orange Lounge Radio, crap-free Bhavani radio.
We're back here on Orange Lounge Radio, that was some music from Popin' Music 13, I think
they're calling that Carnival, is the subtitle of that.
I haven't followed Popin' Music in a little while, sorry kids, but they don't really have
an arcade machine exactly around the corner
uh... sort of which you more it was spring comes around the little eight
that selling side i cannot actually
it's almost eight that's only what it sounds like an old carter sixty-four
game i kinda dig this track
that site on a with opportunity and uh... deejay taco with moon in there as
well featuring erica
mochi suki
and then does row is the last one there in the track is called
uh... some japanese text after that i can read because it's all garbled on my
computer anyway so son something
And a lot of folks in the chat room are saying,
Hey, it's Daikin Kai!
Well, yeah, it's Desero.
You know what I miss?
What?
I sort of miss letting them move.
I don't think I have that anywhere.
I used to let them move the cow thing.
Yeah, let them move the cow mix.
I have that somewhere.
I'll have to find that.
You know what's interesting is really not a whole lot going on in the music
game scene right now going on.
So God, we're screwed when it comes to a show tonight.
So I guess we have to talk about some other things that are going on in the gaming world.
So one thing that's kind of been brought up time and time again is the Xbox 360, of course
the release dates right around the corner.
And some folks are kind of wondering, what's so great about the Xbox 360?
Should I be going out and picking up one of these Xbox 360s at launch?
Should I wait?
What games are actually going to be released?
And boy, it seems like that launch list of Xbox 360 titles is getting shorter and shorter,
doesn't it?
Yep.
What moved now? Wasn't it Project Gotham Racing, was it?
No, Project Gotham is still there. That's the launch title.
Microsoft's already guaranteed that's going to launch.
That cameo and Perfect Dark Zero are guaranteed to launch.
In fact, they actually pushed them up a week, so now they're coming out November 10th.
Anyways, what did move, though, was Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter,
one of the really cool squad-based first-version shooters that was coming out.
That got pushed all the way back to February, and before that was Framed City Killer put out by Namco, which also got pushed back to February for more tweaking.
I think Ghost Recon, what they're trying to do is finish the 360 stuff so they can launch them all at once.
So that basically eliminated what I was going to try to bring in as one of the first games.
I have a pre-booked gun, which is, you know, Grand Theft Auto and the Wild West,
and then, um, Project Optum 3, which looks amazing from what I've seen in the gameplay footage.
Plus, it has a minigame in it, um, Geometry Wars 2, which looks pretty cool.
Yeah, what the hell is this about the minigame that's in it? Isn't it, like, uh,
frickin', you said it was, like, by the people that did Rez, and...
Well, it's not by the people that did Rez. I said it looks like a cross between Asteroids,
Rez... I got really excited for a minute, and I was like, oh my god, because Rez is one of those titles that was so sexy, and it was, like, completely overlooked.
It is, it looks pretty cool, and apparently Geometry Wars 1 was available as a hidden
game in Project Gotham 2, so you can actually try that out, but what they're doing with
the 360 is they're actually promoting a kind of a homebrew community actually, so you can
have your games developed and put them on this Xbox Live Arcade, is what they're calling
it, so you can download these mini games.
So one of them, and it's actually included with the hard drive, which is retarded, but
is this Hectics, which is created by the guy that did Tetris, and it's kind of a new puzzle
game. Then there's another one that they showed, which is like a Marble Madness type game called
Marble Blast. But then this game, though, is going to be coming with Project Gotham
3, and I've seen gameplay footage of it. I was trying to bring some up to show you guys
in the studio, but it looks amazing. And I don't know, I think it'd be a perfect PSP
game.
I'm worried about all these titles pushing back. It's kinda like Microsoft really, really
wants the system out this Christmas, come hell. Well, and at this point, they can't
push back. They really can't. I mean, they'll piss off America if they push the system back
any further. Well, they're not gonna push the system.
These games, though, at launch... But what's the point of buying the system
if there's no games available at launch? There's gonna be, like, 20-some games.
I know, but nothing that I really want. Well, what are you looking for? I mean, they've
got stuff... If you're a sports fan, they have tons of sports coming out.
I'm not much of a sports guitar. I haven't really liked a sports game since, like, Tecmo
Bowl, okay?
Yeah.
And by the way, I picked up that Tecmo collection. I'm going to talk about this again on the
podcast, but that Tecmo collection, I picked it up for Xbox, and it has the arcade game
version of Tecmo Bowl on it. So not what I remember. The NES version was so much more
fluid and fun. Anyway, sorry.
Anyways, for the 360, if you like sports, definitely going to be a system for you. If
We want racing games. There's going to be a lot of stuff. Project Gotham, Ridge Racer,
Need for Speed, Most Wanted. Those are going to be three big ones.
Carmageddon? No, Carmageddon. Full Auto. Full Auto coming out next year. That one is
exciting. Put out by Sega. It's like a cross between Twisted Metal and Burnout. And all
I have to do is mention Burnout. Basically, giant, you know, cars with guns on them, shooting
each other. You can blow up buildings. Okay, like Spy Hunter on crack. Yeah. Okay, cool.
Yeah, it's going to be freaking awesome. But anyways, on the end of that one...
That was the Xbox. That was the problem I had with the Xbox, because it's no secret
that on this program, because this program's been on long enough, where when we were first
starting this program, PlayStation 2 was kind of new still, and Xbox was just on its way
out, and I said, there's no effing way I'm ever going to buy an Xbox, because all the
Xbox is is sports games, racers... I had an acronym for it.
It's Sarsy Games. That's it. It's Sars Games. It's Sports, Action, Racing, Shooters.
Yeah, that's pretty much everything that comes out nowadays, though.
I guess because that's what sells, but...
Well, let's put it this way. Okay, RPGs. You've got Cameo, which is sort of an RPG.
That's really pushing it, but...
Right.
And Elder Scrolls, which is just a hardcore RPG.
Then also, what else we have here? There's Quake 4 for your first-person shooter fans.
Which I have to admit is something I'm highly interested in. I do like the rare first-person shooter game. I love Halo, for one, that's for sure.
And then, for your non-mainstream stuff, they've got Tony Hawk's American Wasteland, Gun, which
is going to be coming out, King Kong, they'll be coming out right afterwards, and then there's
a dead spill of nothing until about January, I think.
Interesting.
And then that's when there's some more games coming out.
But of course, more stuff will be announced as we get closer.
Is it going to be like the DS launch, where they kind of blow their load when the system
first comes out, and then you go through this like, and PSP, oh my god, the PSP. PSP totally
blew its logo when it first came out, and then six months of nothing.
Well, look at this way. December is a dead month as far as games coming out anyways for
all systems. It's just, they push stuff out of, you know, December, and there's like twelve
games. Total. I mean, that's it. Um, whereas November, two hundred games. You know, it's
just pretty good. Well, that makes sense though, because everybody's
trying to get on the Christmas bandwagon, because all the Christmas shopping starts
the day after Thanksgiving. And I'll be damned if there aren't people to get all of their
shopping done the day after Thanksgiving.
Some of us actually get started in mid-year.
And some of us wait until Christmas Eve Eve to do it. That's me. December 23rd. Every
year I do my Christmas shopping.
So the other games, the ones I was going to pick up and launch Project Gotham looks just
like really amazing. And Ridge Racer wasn't too impressed with because it just looks like
Ridge Racer. I mean, they haven't really done anything with it. It has the same damn tracks
in it for one, whereas Project Awesome is so fully realistic. They actually have texturing
on the glass on the windshield of the car. You can see smudge prints on there. I mean,
that's how realistic this thing is.
Bloodstains?
No, but I'm hoping. I wish, but no. Just really amazing stuff. Quake 4 is going to be awesome.
Gun is just, I don't even know what gun's going to be. Gun's going to be phenomenal.
And then, I don't know, I might pick up one more game.
Sixty bucks for these games. I was looking at EB Games, they have a whole big display trying to get people to pre-order this stuff.
Sixty-four after tax.
Sixty bucks a game.
Yeah.
Crazy.
It's lame, but everything I buy is on store credit.
Right, right.
Yeah. But, um...
So a lot of people, you know, we have a lot of younger listeners that listen to this program who don't hold down full-time jobs, so they can't exactly run out and buy a system.
And please don't get us wrong either. I mean, yes, I have a full time job, but it's hard for me to go out and buy these systems. If gaming wasn't like a huge hobby of mine, I wouldn't be.
And that's probably the only reason I'm going to buy a 360 on launch is because I feel like I have to to stay on top of what's going on in the industry for the podcast.
Well, here's what I'm saying here. Don't go out and buy the system if you're unsure if you want it or not.
The only reason I'm buying one, same reason I bought PSP close to launch, same reason I bought DS, is because I'm a gaming whore and I'll have to, you know, pick this stuff up for two reasons.
One, to stay on, to have an edge at work, you know, the game sale stuff I do, and just an edge on everything.
And then also just because I have to get everything, even though, you know, I may not play it like my GameCube, you know, but, um, it just, there's a lot of stuff coming out.
If you have a PSP, definitely pick one of those up. DS? Tons of stuff for Internet,
you know?
Oh, I'm so excited about DS Internet.
I'm going to have them all anyway.
I was going to kind of ask you about this because you're kind of a systems whore. You
make no secret about that. You own, like, is there any system that's ever been released
that you do not own?
I don't have a CDI. I don't have a Sarah Child Channel app, although Dan has owned one.
Do you have a 3DO?
No.
Okay.
Don't want a 3DO.
Yeah, I know. Who wants a 3DO?
Is there any game on the 3DO that makes that system worth buying? A 1?
What do I have? I have a Neo Geo, I have a Neo Geo CD.
If we ask what you do have, it's going to take you all there.
Yeah, but what I don't have also could take me a lot. The thing that's at the top of my list of what I want right now,
realistically, is a Duo RX. PC Engine Duo RX.
Okay, so we know you're going to get a 360 at launch.
I'm actually wanting the PS3 more.
There's also the fact that your husband works at GameStop, so you also in your household
kind of have a need to stay on top of what's going on in the gaming world, right?
With you doing the radio and him doing the selling of the items in the store.
We're gonna have all that, and on top of that, any game that comes out, he can basically
check it out of the store.
He can play it all we want to and put it back.
That's cool.
Not a big deal.
But you say you're more excited about PS3.
Yeah.
Why?
studied a bit more on the cell processor myself prior to seeing the demo at E3
and that knowing that there's going to be a new Tekken oh my god and other
things that I'm more than positive will be out based on things that I've seen
the Final Fantasy remake the the which I know is still just a rumor but I'm
convinced it's happening. What was the other thing? The, god damn it, racing game that's
incredibly, Gran Turismo, thank you, Gran Turismo.
I'm not as excited about Gran Turismo but Dan is. Just knowing that, and on top of that,
I really, really hope that people, see, the PlayStation 2 I think would have been better
had people been more skilled in programming games for it because they didn't, there wasn't
a lot of I wouldn't say very good use of the channels hence the jaggedy games you
know like oh let's put in surround sound but not you know make the game look nice
hello and you know and me I always go for the underdog system myself in you
know I said I would normally put me on the boat with the revolution however I
think that the controller is retarded so and the Xbox games I'm really not too
you excited about anything coming out on 360? I can't knock the Nintendo controller though
until I get to touch it and play a game and see how it really feels. Racing games, yay.
Sports games, yay. And that's, to bring it full circle, that's how I felt about the Xbox
when it first came out, and then sure enough, I got to play it. Well I know that all that's
going to end up in my house is Project Gotham, and I'm like, I'm tired of damn playing Need
for Speed Underground 2 all the damn time. He'll bring in Need for Speed Most Wanted
than Underground 3. Goody-goody. Yay! Oh, gee, you know. Finally, I caved and I bought
an Xbox when Halo, I finally got to play Halo for the first time and I was like, wow, this
is a shooter I actually really enjoy. And Halo 2, of course, the DDR on Xbox, which
I still believe the UltraMix 2 is the best DDR game they put out, period. And there's
another Fable I actually kind of enjoy a little bit. And all that, you know, is on Xbox. And
And so Xbox finally kind of grew out of the SARS games for me.
On top of that, I'm probably going to be getting an import PS3 as well, because I know that
there are going to be more games coming out overseas on the PS3 than there will be on
the Xbox 360.
I want to bring this up.
I've been wanting to bring this topic up on the show for like two weeks, and now it just
hit me.
You saying this reminded me to bring this up.
Obviously we've been to E3, so we've talked to a lot of people in the industry, and we
we continue to talk to some of those people. And I was having a very interesting conversation
with somebody who works in the industry, not that long ago, and this person was saying
that there was a game that the company wanted to bring out that had a lot of hype going
forward in Japan, I think. The game, you know, was something that some people in Japan are
looking forward to, and they wanted to bring it out here. But I guess Sony gets some type
of approval over what games actually come out for the system, and Sony rejected the
game, saying it's too Japanese. That's stupid. And I'm thinking, what? You rejected a game
because it's too Japanese? And then my second thought is, how in the fuck did Katamari Damacy
ever come out in this country? Even better, why did it sell better here than there? Which
is true. I, I, that boggled my mind. From what I understand the game cut even in Japan,
here it's like oversold no one likes Japanese stuff I mean that's why you
know all you see all these networks like g4 TV oh I don't know you know cartoon
network all this stuff you know they're of course not playing any anime of any
sort whatsoever so obviously no one likes the Japanese culture at all I mean
that's why you don't see people out there you know buying anime from their
GameStop or you know buying all these anime games that come out because
There's no interest whatsoever in anime at all.
And I can see where maybe Sony wants some type of quality control over the games, but
then I think, my God, why did Driver 3 come out?
All they need, all that they need, well actually Sony right now is hiring for localization,
for localization people, which leads me to think that, you know, I was taking that as
a positive sign for a little while, hoping that they were saying, hey, you know, these
import games are, are, you know, doing really big in the States.
They've got a big, you know, how else did we get DDR here?
What? I don't understand... That's also a good question, and now BeatMania on its way out too.
I understand how they could reject a game because it's too Japanese anyways. So if the game's too Japanese,
then it won't sell, then that company won't make any money. At least it's not crap, so it's not,
you know, gonna make your system look bad. I don't get it.
It should really take DDR as the example, you know. How many people think, oh, dancing aim, you know, too
Japanese for the
the United States, but we have our friend at Konami who kept pushing and pushing and
pushing and...
Mr. Enos.
Exactly.
Absolutely.
And lo and behold, we have DDR now, and we also have cheap knock-offs.
Well, an interesting follow-up to that is that the same person said that since that
game's not going to come out here for the PlayStation now, that a different form...
I obviously really don't want to give this away because of the nature of the story, but
a different type of game in the series will be coming out on Xbox, on a Microsoft console.
I don't remember if it was Xbox or Xbox 360, so it's going to come out on a Microsoft console.
Because Microsoft apparently does not really give a shit.
They're just excited to have people putting games out on their system.
And I was kind of like, wow, that's kind of a...
I understand the need to have quality control over your system, but some real shit comes
out for those systems.
I mean, really.
Really.
The chaff.
Have you seen some of those budget titles they have now for PlayStation 1?
Maybe they let those come out because they don't care anymore?
Like the five and ten dollar Walmart games?
The Texas Hold'em 50,000 incarnation of the PopCap games?
Things you can play for free on the internet on Flash coming out for Game Boy Advance and
PlayStation.
Bejeweled again!
Snood came out on the Game Boy Advance, if you'll recall, which is, I think, a cheaper
problem for us to move.
Interesting comment in the chat room.
A float walk is in there saying, Katamari sells, because getting high and tripping out
are universal.
Yeah, I just get motion sick.
Very interesting feedback there.
Of course, our chat room, once again, www.orangeloungeradio.com.
Click on Chat.
And then we also have another way you can interact with our program, and that is the
the skype line where we actually will talk to you live on air. That's www.orangelandrater.com
click on interact with us and the skype line it's open right now. So if you want to call
in we're opening that up. Not a whole lot of people signed into skype tonight so I'm
thinking maybe we're going to have a dry night of skype calls. I don't know what's going
on though that people would. People freaking call or we set you on fire and do nothing
about talk about Britney Spears' baby.
No, I don't want to. Didn't you do that last week?
Okay, let's have Britney Spears do section chat.
Ew, gross. God. I would rather go back to talking about the sheepskin con.
She's worried that her scar won't go away.
Poor thing.
You know, and of course she spoke the whole time. She carried a rat.
Hey, look at that. We've got to call them. Just for you, Dark Sakura.
It's our regular caller on the line.
How are you?
Huh?
Hello?
Yeah.
You on Orange One Radio?
Who's this?
Yeah?
Do you think?
Obviously you know who it is.
Yes, it's the Legend of Zaku everybody.
How are you, my friend?
I'm just, you know, waiting for another, you know,
just waiting for my Yankees to just finish up the Angels
so we could take it, we could take it to their, you know,
you know we could take the game to their place tomorrow and and win what's what's
baseball what what is the baseball i'm watching
it's the number one sport in japan ever i'm on the box i love yeah my yankees
are you know yankees basically are up there
in breathing and love making i know how it is because in this town where we live
they don't have a well they do have a minor league baseball team but they have
a really big basketball team and i swear to god everywhere you go it's kings
Kings! Kings! Go Kings! We love the Kings! Ahhh!
Oh, not the Kings.
And I'm all like, you know, I left Alabama to get over the Auburn, Alabama fixation,
and I come out here and it's like,
Yankees don't suck.
Wings! Wings!
Whoever the hell's saying that in the chatroom, Yankees do not suck.
Boston sucks.
Zaku, tell me something video game related, please. What's on your mind?
Uh, Digital Life starts this Friday, so I'm heading there this Saturday.
I don't know if I'm going to compete in freestyle because I'm having second thoughts.
The fact that I don't have any money to prepare for a really good one is just making it worse.
Zaku, I've judged DDR freestyle competitions in my day.
I haven't done one in a long-ass time, nobody's ass, but I've judged a few, and trust me Zaku,
you couldn't be as bad as some of the ones I've seen in my life.
I know, I've done it before, I've done a really good one even though I DQ'd, but this year
You know, in the tournament this year, they're using an impartial jury.
In other words, they're using people that don't know shit about DER.
Does that mean you're going to have a horribly scored tournament?
No, because last year, the judges were biased and basically handed people victories where they should have won.
No, no, no, no. That's why you have equal representation.
let me finish before you go jumping all over me
that's why you need equal representation you need a certain number of people
who know
what good freestyle is
you need people who you need at least one freestyle winner in there
and you need to have two people on there
who may not have competed in DDR but people who
you know
trust to be impartial, and I think that you do need to have judges who have not actually
played.
I agree with the mix.
I agree with the mix.
We did have that last year, and it failed, because that ended up doing more harm than
good.
We had everything that we said, Jamie.
Really?
That's what I've done before, and I've had success.
That has to do with the people.
Yeah, because we have to play it safe.
We don't want any bullshit, and we don't want any bullshit from other people saying that
they got screwed over, that they should have won.
I heard the stories of people acting very biased in the judging.
Those people should never get asked to judge in the first place.
I guess it's our only choice.
Another thing, also in digital life, they're going to be debuting Guitar Hero over there,
so hopefully I'll be able to play it this Saturday.
Well, by next Sunday I should be able to let you know of how it is, to give you like the...
I really wish we were able to get a sneak peek at Guitar Hero 2, but you know, sometimes
we just, you know, don't get our way.
Hopefully, as I said, you know, I still have time to register for Freestyle, but at this
point, I wish I had the money to really, you know, really invest on something, you know,
something memorable and something that will even give me odds.
I wish I could have gone to Digital Life. I would have judged you a fair tournament, I swear.
I know, man.
I'm going to let you go because we have other people who want to get in.
But have a good night, Zaku, okay?
All right, man.
All right, later.
All right, later.
Our regular caller there, Zaku, getting in there.
Getting a little heated there with DarkSacker about the judging.
You know, I remember we were planning the very, very first tournament.
We've done that at every tournament we've run, and it's always worked.
worked we were we we did have that mix I remember scat in particular we have
like a mix of people and actually one person we were trying to get for the
longest time unfortunately had to back out at the last minute we were actually
trying to get a dance teacher yeah and be a judge I remember that cuz he's a
friend of mine so I that would have been great I think that's a good good person
to get to judge your tournament but anyway moving on let's see what the next
and
uh... your microphone on caller
can you have a throw it's a new caller calling in so i think maybe it's not
working right
but uh... echo one to be added to that go one to three a car and try a stack
righty have gone
so you gotta remember guys uh... before you call in the first time it might is
is always a good idea to call. There's a username on Skype, Echo123. Make sure you can hear
yourself. But, you know, that kind of stuff is bound to happen. We appreciate the new
people who are at least trying to get through. Not that we don't like hearing from the regulars,
but, you know, new blood once in a while is a good thing. Let's go to, oh damn, our lines
are lighting up here. Let's go to another call. Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Hey, Sky, it's El Mullet calling. El Mullet, how the hell have you been?
I have been doing pretty damn good, Sky. How about yourself?
Good! I have not heard from you in like three months. Where you been?
I dropped off the face of the earth. Funny story, but we'll get to that in a minute.
Okay, well what's on your mind? What do we owe this call to today?
I think I missed the initial hullabaloo on Xtreme 2, and just want to offer my input
on it. Sure, yeah. A lot of people really appreciate
your input, because of course you write reviews, and of course I'll let you get your plug.
Are you still working for those guys? Yes, I am. I am.
I'll let you work in your plug there, but a lot of folks in the Bomani scene really
trust your reviews on the game, so I'm very curious to hear your thoughts on Extreme 2.
Extreme 2 really impressed me.
Maybe not as much as a song list, a song list was great anyway, but the presentation really
impressed me.
The fact that Dance Master mode is now the official mode of the game, it's more like
other games you know like
if they'd like to
this uh... this is what i said about last week amor is that it feels less
like an arcade port and more like a playstation game
as opposed to trying to copy exactly what's going on in the arcade
having to dance master will be the simply makes it feel more like
something this for
the home and since we're not getting a new arcade mix anytime soon it's kind of
interesting to see the
franchise really now for the first time
in america kind of growing out of that
So it's kind of neat.
Yeah, exactly.
And also the background movies.
I cannot get enough of all of these new movies, especially since there's so many
exclusive movies for a particular song.
I mean, Daikin Kai jumped like a million points for me.
I play that for the movie.
It's got some great video.
I still have yet to see some of the ones, like the one for Sakurai here is really good,
and some of the other ones, because I haven't played enough Dance Master Mode.
Believe it or not, I'm actually playing Dance Master Mode on a pad.
So I'm getting flow for some of them.
Yeah, it took me a week to unlock all the songs.
I ended up with like 73, then I took a break for a few days, and then I came back to it
and unlocked Survivor Max.
Have you had a chance to play the online mode?
Unfortunately no, not yet.
I've tried to find time for it, but things keep popping up, and I'd rather be unlocking
courses and whatnot because I'm an unlock whore.
Right, right.
Although, is it true or not, I haven't really heard any follow-up on this.
Some rumors are going around that the game will give you pity unlocks.
If you go for a long time without unlocking anything that it finally just starts giving
them to you.
Yes, I can confirm that you will get pity stuff showing up in the shop for no particular
reason.
Great.
say this because I go back and I do the extra arrow missions and the
alternate conditions and as I'm doing that and unlocking the hidden missions
I'm getting a bunch of songs appear in the shop and it's really interesting
because I ended up unlocking all the characters at one point and once
I unlocked my last character a bunch of songs showed
up for no reason. I noticed a bunch of songs randomly showed
up in my shop too, so, you know, for those folks that are getting angsty with Dance Master
Mode, just keep trying, and the game will pity you eventually, and you'll start getting
some cool songs. Exactly.
One other thing, well first of all, go ahead and give your site a plug, because it's been
a little while. www.insidepulse.com. We are reviewing games,
kicking ass, and taking names. Hey, that rhymes.
Sounds good. And you also do, like, it's not just games,
but there's there's raslin
and there's uh...
uh... there's movies and tvs and all that stuff
so uh... movies and tvs music uh... comic books and action figures the whole
night never grow up everything nerdy
everything they just call that
be a nerd dot com because everything that he
it's pop culture i know i have to add
series two of the uh... invader zim figurines are out now and that made me
extremely excited. Thank you for that completely random footnote.
Are they, um, you know, in action figures? Yes.
See what I mean? Nerds! All of you! Nerds!
No, no, you want to talk about Nerds? It's a conversation that I had at Lions about grammar.
I know, I know. Here we are all sitting on the radio show we've been doing about
DDR for the past three and a half years.
Anyway, um, I'm curious also, I have to let you go soon because we're still getting a
bunch of other calls, but, um,
What I want to ask you about real quick, you know, as somebody who reviews games and has
been doing it for a little while, what do you think about this whole Xbox 360 thing?
Are you going to pick one up at launch?
No, I'm not, because for one, I don't like a pricing structure in order to get the good
system with the hard drive, I have to drop an extra hundred bucks, and so far the games,
especially the launch window, outside of Elder Scrolls IV Oblivion, there's really not much
I'm looking forward to that I can't play on my normal Xbox.
Oh, there you have it.
All right. Well, Elmoet, thanks so much for calling in.
It's really good to hear from you. Don't be a stranger, all right?
All right.
And when's that EX2 review going to be up?
Hopefully during this week, if I can manage it.
All right, sounds good.
Elmoet from InsidePulse.com, thank you so much for calling in.
Have a good week, okay?
You too.
All right, later.
We're going to go to another call now.
Now let's go to, I want to pick up somebody new here, this one's been trying to get in
for a little while here.
Hello, you're on Orange Lawn's radio!
Oops, did I actually answer the call?
Probably not.
Hello?
Did I pick both of them up?
I picked up the wrong, oh that's right, hi, you're on Orange Lawn's radio!
Hello!
This is the one whose connection wasn't working quite right earlier.
Still can't hear you buddy, still can't hear you buddy, try it again, alright?
Um, let's- Oh, damn. There was the one I was gonna pick up. Let's pick up...
I don't see that one coming in.
Let's pick up this one.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio!
Hello, you're on Orange Lounge Radio!
Hello?
Hello!
Hello!
Hi!
Can you hear me?
Hi!
Hi! You're on Orange Lounge Radio!
Um, I'm... I think... is this Ross?
Massive lag. No, this isn't Ross, this is somebody else.
Hello?
Hi, I think there's massive lag. What's on your mind? And we'll answer your question or whatever's on your mind. Tell us what's up.
We have to wait a little bit for the lag here. Let's see what this person has to say.
Hi.
Hi.
Um, well, is it working?
Yes, it's working. Hurry up and ask your question. What's on your mind? Just ask your question. What's up?
Well, I don't play music games that much, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Well, this is Orange Lounge Radio. Our Sunday night program was actually, the station kind of started, it has to do with, you know,
you know, because the name Orange Lounge actually comes from music-based video games, and that's
kind of how we grew into kind of what we're doing here, is that we started by talking
about music video games.
So this Sunday night show that we do is kind of a throwback to the music-based video games.
And the podcast was something extra that we added.
I'm assuming this is somebody who's listening to this show because of the podcast.
The podcast was something we added a little extra because we wanted to talk about general
gaming as well.
But this show is still kind of basically based around the music games.
So we do like to talk about other really random stuff once in a while, too, though.
So it's not 100% music games, but we really owe it to our fans who have supported us for
the past three and a half years.
We do like to stay on what's going on in the DDR and in the music gaming scene.
And music games could be anything from Parappa the Rapper to DDR, Dance Dance Revolution
to Beatmania, Guitar Hero, Guitar Man, just about anything that involves music and gaming.
Ryan Robb likes to talk a lot.
I do, I really do.
And people listen.
Anyway, that person hung up.
So you know, I think there was just too much lag there.
But you know, people listen.
You might learn something.
And I'll tell you what, just like any genre of video games,
there's really, really good music games out there
that you should check out.
And there's really bad ones that you should just
frickin' avoid at all costs.
Low-key, just don't even bother.
We all know what you're going to say.
All right, this is the one you wanted to talk to, Darksyra.
Yep.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio!
Hello, you are on Orange Lounge Radio!
Can you hear us?
Turn down your speakers! If you can hear us, we cannot hear you, my friend.
Wait, wait, wait. I'm going to send an IM real quick.
Just a reminder, because we had a lot of new people calling in tonight,
maybe somebody can post this in the chat room as well.
The first time, before the first time you call, it's always a good idea to call.
It's a username on Skype, Echo,
one two three and then that we can test your connection and see if you can hear
yourself because it's a really good way to test the connection
let me try one more time here are you there young
can you hear us
hello hi
with that
uh... this is for us
hi ross what's on your mind
this time
how you doing what do you think you got a question for us well what are you
I'm calling in about tonight.
You can't hear us.
You can't hear me.
I can hear you.
Oh.
Is the call lagged by like 45 seconds?
I don't know.
I don't know.
Maybe we're a little lagged.
I think the call was incredibly lagged here, because I think she's just now getting the
stuff we said in the beginning.
Roz, I'm going to have to let you go for it right now.
I'm really sorry, but try calling us back in a little while.
Something's up with the connection tonight.
I don't know what's going on.
Yeah, I'm still here.
Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
Maybe she'll get to the question.
The question part should be coming up now on the call.
Live radio, everybody.
Yeah.
Yeah, she's getting lag.
OK, I figure it's probably really lag.
OK, we're going to have to go ahead and let
Ros go for right now.
But hopefully she'll give us a call back a little later
in the program.
Let's try to go to this call.
Remember, guys, Echo 123, unfortunately, lag.
There's not a whole lot we can do about.
but we'll give it a try.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Oh, hi.
Hi.
Hold on, I'm getting an echo,
because I'm still listening to your show.
That's all right.
Luckily we don't hear it,
and I'm very happy that we're picking up a call
that's unlagged and we can hear the person just fine.
It's all good.
So go ahead and turn that down,
and what's on your mind?
Actually, I don't really know.
Okay, well who's this?
Introduce yourself.
Um, this is, uh, Xander from Florida.
Hi, Xander.
So there's...
Yeah.
Hi, Xander from Florida.
So there's, like...
Yeah.
There's a massive, uh, time difference.
So it's, like, 11 o'clock here.
And I'm staying up way past my bedtime.
I...
I know.
We...
We really kind of screw over our East Coast fans with the timing of the show.
But the problem is, is that, you know, we're all people that work during the week, Monday
through Friday.
So Saturday and Sunday are kind of, like, our days off.
So if we were to do our show at like 4.30 or a time, it would cater more to the East
Coast folks.
We would pretty much be losing a day of our weekend, so that's unfortunately why we have
to do it early, so, or, I mean, later on.
And we are paid well enough to start early.
We don't get paid for this crap, either, so.
But of course, that's another reason why we do the podcast, is so that folks can download
that whenever they want.
I like the podcast.
So I'm assuming you heard about the show through the podcast?
No, actually, I heard about it through DDR Freak.
Oh, right on.
Yeah, we got a lot of folks from DDR Freak, because, you know, people horror, I, I, I
I haven't warned you for anything yet, have I?
No, actually, I don't, I'm not on the forums, I just, you know.
Okay.
Who's a lurker?
I will, because I will if you want me to.
He's a lurker, he's a lawyer, he just watches.
That's awesome.
I'm a lurker on a lot of stuff.
That's good, alright.
Yay, we have a stalker!
Look, uh, I wanted to talk to Jamie about it in the group.
Okay.
Uh oh, uh oh, I'm in trouble.
Alright, what's up?
Okay, I'm a big fan of In the Groove, and I would say that you are massively wrong in
saying that it is a rip-off, and it's extremely-
Wait, wait, wait.
I'm finished.
I'm finished.
Yes?
Go ahead.
Yeah, I find it much more fun than DDR.
How is it not a rip-off?
Well- I don't want examples, item by item.
Hold on.
Let's imagine it's just-
It's so much fun.
It's triplicate.
What is more fun, let me see if I can phrase it,
what is more fun for you for In the Groove as opposed to DDR?
Well, once I got to about the 9-footers in DDR,
it got kind of boring for me, because it just kind of stagnated at that point.
And then the 10s, there's too much of a gap between the 9s and the 10s,
so it's too hard to get into the max and stuff.
So I find with In the Groove, you have much harder 9s on expert,
and easier 10s, so the gap is kind of close.
and I can have a lot more fun in between, which is basically where I am, so.
Just out of curiosity, do you play on controller or play on actual dance pad?
No, I play on the dance mat. What dance mat are you using?
The red octane, the foam mat. Okay, my Ignition 3.0.
Ignition 3.0. No, 2.0.
Oh, 2.0. Okay, so for you, the thing that makes In the Groove a little more exciting
than DDR is the fact that there's more middle-ground, like, nine-and-a-half level
step patterns.
That some of the step patterns cater more to an advanced level.
Right.
And Charlene's awesome.
That's never been my point.
My point is that it took something and basically stole the idea.
I'm very much one for innovation, and there is, like, no innovation.
They basically took DDR.
Well, they've got the hands and the minds, and they're willing to do much harder songs
than Konami was ever willing to do with DDR, so...
But the fact remains that you take a game using four arrows that you have to step on
in pattern.
Well, I'm gonna say the same thing about Dragon Warrior and Final Fantasy.
I mean, they're the same style of game, but that doesn't mean they're a rip-off of each
other.
The systems are complete, we're actually, you can't compare RPGs that come out at the
same time.
comparing Grundio with Final Fantasy, though they have two different combat systems.
I've heard a similar argument to this before, and it's saying that you don't say Mario and
Sonic is the common one I heard, but for me, honestly, Mario and Sonic is not the accurate
comparison when it comes to In the Groove and DDR4 Me, it's Mario and this old Commodore
64 game called The Great Giana Sisters, which was an awful lot like Mario Bros., except
it had a couple, it was girls, and there was a couple extra things in it, but...
That's why I can hear Sonic and Jazz Jackrabbit, okay?
But the whole fact of the matter remains, and this is why, to this day, I will be against
In the Groove, was the fact that they were saying, hey, take DDR machines and modify
them.
You know, let's break...
That's why they have the dedicated cabinets now, for In the Groove 2.
Right, they have that now, but the whole fact remains that the origin of In the Groove was
a rip-off and modification of DDR.
What about StepMania? StepMania was never marketed for sale.
Well, the In the Groove is kind of StepMania marketed for sale in a way.
You could argue that. Exactly. Had StepMania been released as an item
for sale, which is why I was against those kits that they were selling on eBay, the same
thing. It is a rip-off. It is stealing proprietary information from
Kami. All right.
That is where my point is. And to this day, I will consider In the Groove
a cheap knock-off because they will not admit their fault.
Despite the fact, now to play devil's advocate here with our caller a little bit, despite
the fact that In the Groove might have some, you know, more challenging steps in songs
that appeal to a different audience.
I will give it that it's got interesting steps, although the earlier level steps are actually
complete crap.
I do like some of the music better.
Okay.
The only reason that I didn't play anything harder on In the Groove when I played it is
I was fresh off of a car accident. You know, I was having this issue with my hip wanting
to dislocate itself every time I stepped funny. But, um, so I didn't get the chance to try
anything harder. I'm not saying it's not a fun game. I'm not saying it doesn't offer
challenge. My whole point comes with the origin of the game, and that's why I'm against it.
Okay. This is not an easy topic. We've been here before.
I don't believe in thievery in the industry. What, Loki? I'm sure you're just dying over
there, Loki. I'm not dying at anything. No, honestly, I
I don't like the game. I don't expect everyone to agree with me. I'm not trying to like the game.
What I don't like about the game? First off, the interface is extremely plain. It just, it looks like whoever made the skin, like, crapped it out in about five minutes.
The songs are all very generic. They sound very alike, and it's just really generic sounding stuff.
The step patterns suck. I don't like them. I don't like the fact that there are hands and feet, or whatever, you know, the hands part of it, because it's retarded.
I was kind of against the whole involvement of the iToy for DDR.
I'm talking about the three steps at once or the four steps at once.
It's retarded.
It's just like Pump It Up.
Yeah, and I hate it in Pump It Up.
I hate Pump It Up the way they have that.
Although, I like, you know what, I really, really like that recent pump release for Home
because it is an awesome dance game, it really is.
But still, some of the steps in Pump It Up are just as benign as
I think all I said was it didn't look like they put that much polish in it. That's it.
And in the group too, I'm sorry, they didn't put that much polish in that one either. They just changed the interface.
Yeah, I could have also made a better cover with an afternoon in Illustrator with my, like, all of this, you know, five week skill in Illustrator than they did.
To each their own. I mean, I don't care if you play the game. I think it's cool if you're supporting another company.
know what there needs to be more dancing games out there and just maybe deviate a
little bit more from DVR than you did before I mean I know what will make
everybody happy we have DVR food mix for they just hire the food mix people and
say make us a DVR and make some market that and then everyone will be happy. But it
still be a ripoff? I said Konami needs to. Oh Konami. It's a ripoff within the same
company though that's kind of her point. Alright I get it. But if Konami releases it it's not a ripoff because it's Konami.
I miss the Konami doing it part. Because it's Konami's intellectual property.
All right, this discussion's been going on an awful long time, and honestly...
All I want is for the In the Groove fans to admit that it's a rip-off.
It's been going on for about ever since the damn game came out, so there's no easy answer,
but we're just going to have to agree to disagree on this one with In the Groove.
But thank you for your call and letting us know your side of it, okay?
Okay. All right, have a good one, buddy.
I completely respect your opinion, by the way.
Alright, yeah, that's good. Even if I disagree. Alright, later dude.
Alright, very interesting. I'm just like, you know, I just don't care. I don't.
But honestly though, it's the same... I'm not even adamant about, like, pointing out that it's a rip-off. Who cares?
Who cares? That's actually all I care about is people admitting that they basically stole.
Well, it should all come out in the courts pretty, well, not pretty soon, but...
Yeah, as soon as Rockstar gets the Smackdown laid off, I'm sure.
We'll see. Alright, new topic, new title. Let's see if our next caller...
I'm gonna try this guy one more time here.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hey, listen to this insane...
I'm not even adamant about, like, pointing out...
feedback.
We got really bad feedback there. Turn down your, uh, speakers.
It's... it's...
Hello?
Hello? Yeah.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Yeah, you guys are really choppy.
It happens. Skype is really weird.
It's really weird.
Alright, um, yeah, hey, first time caller, um...
What's on your mind, my friend?
Alright, um, main reason I called in, um...
Assuming that I don't win an Xbox 360 from the, uh, whole Mountain Dew, Pepsi, uh...
Win an Xbox 360 every 10 minutes thing, uh, that I didn't religiously collect the coin for,
Um, should I sell my PSP to help fund an Xbox 360 in your opinion?
We'll sell your PSP to get a...
Actually, I'm going to say the caller real quick.
We're going to have to hang up on you because of the feedback, but keep listening.
Alright, so keep listening, because we're going to get to this guy's call here,
and we're just getting really bad feedback on that call, but we want to answer the question.
So the question was, assuming that I cannot win an Xbox 360 through the every ten minutes competition that's going on,
on, which, you're not going to win one. Well, if you do win one, hats off to you, but everybody
and their mom, every nerd drinks Mountain Dew, unless they're on a diet, like, you have
a better chance...
I'm a nerd, and I don't drink Mountain Dew because I think it tastes like pee.
You have a better chance of getting a 360 doing one of those referral programs than
you would doing the...
You have a better chance of getting a 360 by saving up the money and buying one.
Not to knock it, though, dude. If you're going to try that way, have fun with it, and Mountain
Mountain Dew. I like Mountain Dew, but it's too many calories for me. How dumb do I sound?
But back to the subject, the thing is should he sell his PSP to get an Xbox 360? I think
that you should sell your PSP to get a Turbo Express, because Better Games came out on
the Turbo Dew.
Oh, please.
Ah, blah, blah, blah.
You know what they need to bring back? They need to bring back my Liveware, because I
love that drink, and I don't want to drink Shasta.
Okay, let me try to give the caller, the person who called in there, who was, by the way,
I'm trying to remember the name here, it was Keith?
Keith from Chicago, I think was the guy that just called us there.
Should I sell a PSP to get an Xbox 360?
Here's the golden rule of gaming.
We've said this, if you're gonna judge a system time and time again,
a system is only as good as the games that they put out on it.
I have always said that.
I know you have, and I'm repeating it, because it's the golden rule of gaming,
and I say apply it here.
Look at the games that are coming out for Xbox 360.
Are you into racing games?
Are you into sports games?
Is guns something that interests you?
Is Dead or Alive series something that interests you?
If these are games that interest you, Xbox 360 is the way to go.
If, on the other hand, you're more into the types of things that you can do on
the handheld and the things that are gonna be coming out for PSP.
If you want the new Katamari PSP game, if you want Metal Gear Acid 2 and
more the tactical games and more portable things, and
like to watch movies on the go, then PSP is more for you. So, while we can kind of make
a decision based on what our preference would be, honestly I couldn't decide. I would hold,
honestly if this were me, if I were absolutely poor and I had no way to afford these games
right now, I didn't have a job, I was unemployed so I had to cut back on my gaming regardless
or not, I would probably hold on to my PSP for right now and stick it out a little bit
longer because there's really nothing that's coming out for the 360 for me right now that's
making me go, oh my gosh, I have to have this right now.
And what if you get the 360 and then the PS3 comes out and you're like, oh crap, I wanted
to get that instead.
Exactly.
You know, I would wait until, you know, this stuff comes out, I mean honestly it doesn't
look like there's that much stuff coming out at launch, and just stick with the PSP for
now. Especially if you're going to invest in a 360, you're going to be investing quite
a bit of money. You know what, that's a really good idea.
See if there's a, when the Xbox 360 comes out and you can play this at GameStop, EB
Games, your favorite retailer, play the demos, maybe you can make a better decision at that
point. There's no reason you have to get a 360 the day it comes out unless there's just
this game you're dying for. Also, I personally do not advocate trading
in your systems or games unless the game is crap. For the simple reason, I often find
moments were like, oh, I want to play this game, and I'll go bust out the Neo Geo and
we can play King of Fighters 2000.
How many people do we know that has sold back a system and then had to buy it again later?
I know many, many folks.
I've done it myself.
And we ourselves, we have, the only system that we have actually ever gotten rid of was
our Nintendo 64, and we are borrowing somebody else's.
So I mean, it doesn't really matter.
You know, there's been days when we've broken out the Cliccovision and freaking had a growth
fest.
Right.
Or played Venture.
Sure.
You know, next, only to put it up, you know, an hour later and break out the, the Turbo
Graphics and play a bunch of Bonk.
So I think that's another good element to look at.
If you're going to sell that PSP back, think to yourself, am I going to regret this later?
Is there going to be a game coming out for PSP that I'm going to really, really want
later?
Like, what, what the hell else is coming out on PSP and the, the Loki, what, what are some
of the big games that somebody might really be like Grand Theft Auto Liberty
stories has a good one the gauntlet has been thrown in the chatroom oh what
happened tons of I have to label off my systems now okay all right anyway um
before you sell back your PSP make sure it's something you're not going to
regret later on with the games so that's all really really long-winded answer to
your question I hope you I hope you're able to still listen and sorry we had to
let you go there but we were just getting too much feedback and I think
is being retarded. Skype is being very bad tonight. I'm punishing Skype. I'm not punishing
our listeners, but I'm punishing Skype, and we're going to sign into Do Not Disturb for
a little while. That was the last Skype word. Huh? All right. So again, if you want to give
us feedback, you can always send us an email. You can always join our chat room, and we
always try to get to this stuff on the show. www.orangeontrade.com, click on Chat. I'd
really like to hear from this guy, what he thought of our feedback there, and of course
our forums. I know I've been searching those forums non-stop lately on orangeontradar.com
and there's been some pretty neat posts and some good questions asked. And I, you know,
if I'm bored, I always take time to state my opinion there on the forums. So check that
out as well on orangeontradar.com. All right. And some folks in the chat room are crying
because they didn't get through on Skype line. So we're really sorry, but we are punishing
Skype for a little while. If we have some extra time at the end of the show, we'll come
back to skype okay we promise but for now we're long overdue for a break you
guys so we're going to go to a break and in this break I think we're gonna play
something from oh I don't know how about how about an out phase song from bmania
2dx I've heard this a long time so we'll be back with more orange launch radio
After this, you guys, stay tuned.
🎵
🎵 Charlie, he's a gangly little sister of mine 🎵
🎵 Never say of the drugs and the wine 🎵
🎵 Don't get lost in the danger you see 🎵
My sister Charlene
Stay out Charlene
Just beware of the dark side of town
There's no passion inside to tear you down
Wherever people are feeling deep
Better stay out Charlene
I saw you last night in your fancy outfit
I'm the man in the dark streets
That touched your gorgeous body
Let me be I
So please take care of yourself
Don't give away everything you own
No one will give you back
You understand that you have fun
Charlene, you're such a little sister of mine
Better stay off your drugs and the wine
Don't get lost in the danger we see
With you so, Charlene
Stay out, Charlene
Just beware of the dark side of town
There's no passion except to turn you down
We're the people who are bleeding in need
You better stay up and join me
Please don't touch my mane.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12
My soul has come to life, it's just too much I need you
I need you
Hello, we're back here on Orange Lounge Radio.
In that break you heard a little bit of Summer Vacation there from 2DX6 style.
Charlene from In the Groove, because a big part of that last segment we were talking
to an In the Groove fan who wanted to discuss with Jamie the pros and cons there, and they
said they liked Charlene and a lot of our chat room likes that song too, so we thought
we'd nod those folks with that.
Also V, as requested by our chat room about a gazillion times there, so there you go,
some V, the perennially hoarded Bamani song on all mixes that that song's ever been in.
And then Ghosts, which I think a lot of you folks forgot about, but that song was an awesome
song that was in DDR Max and in America Max 2.
So there you have it in that break.
Moving on, what's going on?
Of course we're very little on the music gaming news this week, so we've been kind of scouring
some other sites, seeing what's kind of going on out there in the world, because you know,
we can talk about non-gaming things once in a while, yes?
So one thing I was reading, I thought this was very interesting, this article got slash
dotted.
that was posted over on this website, gaminghorizon.com, and it's this article talking about, here's
all the shit we're sick of at E3. And of course, now, three of the four of us sitting in the
room right now have been to E3 before. Sorry, bugs.
I plan on going this year. Are you going to go this year?
Rad? Well, bug? Get bug to Mike. Look.
Give me the damn mic. Yes, I do plan on going this year. My roommate
has gone for the past four years. Oh, right on.
And he just manages to walk right on in. See, you're going to act like you're going
an ad to the overcrowding, basically, of E3.
Yes.
All right, sounds good.
But I can show people aside.
What's interesting about this article is it really kind of points out things that are
wrong with E3, so I'm kind of curious, you know, for you guys, because E3's not that
far away now.
I mean, we've got to start thinking now in, you know, January we're going to be going
and signing up for E3 again, so all that fun stuff.
The biggest problems they say E3 has, the swagbagger, somebody who goes to the show
show, just to get the free stuff and sell it on eBay.
I went for swag my first year. To keep, though. That's different. When you
keep it for yourself, that's different. And to give away to friends.
Right. And we've done the giveaways, you know, on the show, too, so. But going to sell is
not cool. But last year, it was all like, okay, I can't
carry this crap around. And my goal, my first goal the first year I went was actually for
media kits. My second year was media kits and getting into media events, which I succeeded
in? Overpopulation, of course. My god, E3 was so crowded this year, it's not even funny,
which of course ties back into the food lines, are god-awful at E3. I think next year somebody
would be really smart to open up a hot dog stand out front. Like 50 of them. Or not just
hot dog stands, but... Permits! How about a salad... They were chasing off folks with
the hot dog stands because they didn't have permits for sale. That is such BS. Actually
it's law. Well, I understand it's the law, but come on, you've got all those people packed
in that tiny building and they're trying to eat for God's sake, and to make them pay ten
dollars for a hamburger is insane. So, shame on them. Or at least somebody go get a permit
then and make it legal. Or how about, instead of like hot dog carts, how about a salad cart
or something healthy for these people, which includes me.
The fruit cart.
The fruit cart.
How about some hot fruit?
I can't be the only hot fruit at E3.
Come on.
Media, media, media, everything is all media-centric,
which some argue is the way it needs to be.
Some argue, say, company.
Of course, the rock star booth this year was shit,
unless you were in the media.
You couldn't do anything at that booth,
unless you were media-oriented.
Some people say that one day of E3
needs to be nothing but media.
be very interesting
sexploitation of E3
the fact that it's booth babes, booth babes, booth babes, and then just random
uh... girls walking around
nope, very very few booth boys
very few. Just as barbarians it was great
well let's face it though, the statistics are that you know
most of the E3, the bacon dogs were awesome
most of the E3, that was a random comment
Most of the E3 is very male-dominated, but at the same time, I see a lot more women.
There's more women that go to that show than you'd think, you know, so I'm kind of surprised
they don't have more booth dudes or, you know, whatever you want to call them, booth hunks.
I don't see anything wrong with that.
I couldn't interview by IGN.
What?
I couldn't interview by IGN.
As, like, a gamer girl, right?
As a gamer girl.
Yeah.
I was like, do you consider yourself a gamer girl?
No, I only host internet radio about video games.
like, do you consider yourself a gamer girl? No, I only host internet radio about video
games. I'm sorry, you're not a true gaming girl, you have not licked a PSV. Huh? You
know, the licking the PSV? I am older school than old school. Oh, forget it. Um, people
that camp and play the demos all day long. Well, I realize this, but I'm talking about
like the one particular demo, like, what's a game that people were doing this on at this
year's E3 that people would just not get off those damn demos no matter what? Not really
so much Katamari, actually. The way the Katamari demo was set up, it was very hard to camp
that demo. What was, I'm trying to think of a demo that was really badly camped. Soul
Calibur III was pretty bad. So, I don't know. There's other ones, too. Well, in the year
before that, even though I would say probably Contra, the Contra game, and oh, I don't remember
the other one now.
Cattle prods and timed electrical pulses will, although some people might get to like that.
Shuttle delays, so it makes it very hard to get to the damn show, I agree with that one.
The sound, the fact that the sound is very, very loud there.
you ever been to any other type of conference? I got to touch the katamari and that made
me happy. The fact that the lines are incredibly long
and you never really necessarily know what they're for, in some cases, and sometimes
the lines are to just walk through a room. The article says the line at Nintendo is for
a screening at Legend of Zelda Twilight Princess. They'd just shown the trailer at the press
conference the day before. And then the line at Sony was to walk through
a room where they had hallow models of the PlayStation 3 design behind glass, two days
before they'd released high-res images of the system anyway.
Were you supposed to kneel down in reverence?
Maybe.
Hey, I'm not going to say anything because we had those pictures up as soon as we were
back.
Here's their suggestions, and then we'll wrap this up and get into other segments here because
I know maybe some people are like, well, what the hell do I care?
I don't get to go to E3.
Huh?
I know.
We'll get to that.
Um, suggestions on how to make E3 better.
Tighten the entrance requirements.
It's saying if you work at a Hollywood video store, um, you shouldn't be coming in.
If you draw an online comic strip, you shouldn't be coming in.
If you come to, if you're from blogger.com and you occasionally talk about games, you
shouldn't be coming in.
If you just really want to get into E3 because you want to play upcoming games, you're part
of the problem, says this site.
I'm not sure if that's the best way to phrase it.
If you work at Target in the Garden Department, just because Target carries games, you shouldn't be going to E3.
I think you have to play the upcoming games. You can tell other people about them. So, yes, that is part of the reason why you play.
A media-only day. I don't know if that's the answer. I think the media gets too much favoritism as it is.
If they would just tighten up who they let in in the general.
Yeah, but the media, the hype that the media generates is part of what sells the games.
I understand that, but I just...
Part of what, you know, you've got to cater to the fan base, but it is a media event.
It is an industry event.
It's an industry event, not a media event.
There's a difference.
It's an industry event.
But I do think the media should get different.
They're the ones who are actually reporting on it, they should be getting the information
before the average consumer.
What about, like, a manager of a GameStop who's not the media?
Then they need to be shown some credentials. I think that they should get into that too.
But I was saying, the average, you know, GameStop employee, the average Target employee,
the people who do a webcomic, you know, if you, I think if you report on it,
or if you are in charge of a group that is selling it, then you should be allowed to.
And maybe not even the managers as much. Maybe it should be, like, the district managers,
marketing people for companies
uh... less babes more games
so i don't know about that one some some some guys might have a problem with that
i like babes uh... streamline the press conferences
uh... the one thing about the the press they were saying is no love for the
small press like
uh... because she for
and i g n and gary like five thousand people doing a whore out everything and
It's like, you know, Joe Bob, who actually has, you know, a website that's pretty popular,
but not as popular as these, can't get into anything because they're being hoarded out.
It's like, who are you? We don't know who you are, so fuck off, you know.
And no behind closed doors only content. I have to agree with that one.
I agree with that. That's a bunch of crap, keeping the stuff behind closed doors. Just
don't show it at all.
And some of this isn't even very special.
Fix the demo camper problem.
Just have those demos reset after like three minutes,
or say, time's up.
Get off my game.
Watch the volume.
Figure out what's secret and what's public.
Have operational press sites running alongside the show.
That's kind of interesting.
And the last one, which I think is very interesting,
have an East Coast show.
No.
Actually, I thought that Microsoft did their Xbox 360 demo very intelligently, got a ticket.
You go up, get your ticket, you come back at the time for the ticket, and they let you
in.
That's like Squeenix's thing.
Squeenix's little joke.
Yeah, that was pretty smart, too.
I mean, I think it was very, you know, although you do have to, you know, wait for your turn,
but it prevents them from being the insane line.
Okay, it did actually prevent the line at Squeenix, but it did prevent the lines for
the 360, you had your line formed at the time it was to let them in.
You get inside, no more line.
You don't have to worry about the congestion of people.
It was very smart.
They should, you know, I even think that they should have, this is like what they do with
Anime Expo, you know, if you're staying in the convention center hotels or the ones associated
with the convention, then as part of, you know, you can go pick up a ticket when you
prove that you're staying at one of these places or you know because that's
that'll be no general a little bit more money for both the hotel and you know
and for the convention itself but it also prevents you know there from being
huge congested amounts of people if you have your ticket sales done in a more
out-of-the-way location um a lot of our chat room really big on the East Coast
idea I think somebody I think because of e3 getting overcrowded and over kind of
bloated in a way. I think some of these East Coast shows are starting to pick up the slack
a little bit, just naturally. Like, people are calling this digital life show that's
coming up the East Coast E3, and that's just kind of a natural evolution.
There are very few, as far as I know, there aren't as many game companies out on the East
Coast as there are on the West Coast. That's very true.
And it's significantly easier for, you know, basically LA is a local show for everyone
in
uh... but most of them are in the bay well not my i guess maybe not only
has only four hours that's better than four days this is true of having to
transport stuff four hours you know you can go home for a day take you know if
you're flying
you know what you can go down and and up every morning if you have to
all right we're gonna move on uh... real quick well
shoot i just got my keyboard that's no fun
all right real quick though um... topping
i thought it was part of this top thing that you think could be improved about
E3.
Loki.
Top thing that you think could be improved about E3.
Get rid of the retarded people that shouldn't be there.
And let me into the goddamn Rockstar booth.
Fuck, and they teased me the first time with Grand Theft Auto, and then they teased me
again with these stupid buses.
The hell with them.
Dark Sakura.
Thank you.
Uh, more food vendors is my thing.
More food vendors.
That is completely stupid that I'm losing, like, an hour and a half of playing game time
because I'm standing in line for food.
That's awful.
I seriously need to stop being run into by famous people.
And closed door stuff should not...
That's not the reason you're there. You're there to show stuff, not show stuff.
But it's supposed to build the excitement about it by making it some secret deal.
The biggest problem with E3 is they let Sinbad in.
And Gary Coleman, what's up with that?
Hey, John Cena was there last year, and he's pretty hot.
All right, kids, we're going to get into the Orange Lounge Radio Cage Match, or we're going to run out of time.
The way the cage match works is that we play three songs for you guys.
We play a clip of the song that won last week, and then two new songs, each host of course
bringing one song to the table.
You guys vote on your favorite.
The winning song goes into rotation all week long on Orange Lounge Radio's Bomani and Video
Game Music program, which plays 24 hours a day, 7 days a week on the station.
We are not live.
Starting it off tonight is last week's winner, now going for its third win, I believe, if
I'm not mistaken.
It's something Loki picked a while back.
It's a remix of V by Dorisia.
the artist so it's one for the past two weeks will it win again tonight I just
don't know we'll find out here it is song number one tonight a clip of last
last week's winner, Thee.
I turned the mics back on, right as you yawned, which was-
I didn't have a-
No, I was-
Did I sleep?
You're cutting out.
I don't know what the hell's wrong with the cord there.
Yo!
There you are.
All right.
I was just- I was just being lulled to sleep.
All right.
That was song one, Dorisio with V. Will it win for the third week in a row?
We'll find out.
doing challenging it tonight the first one is my pick and I haven't won the
cage match in like three months seriously I have not won the cage
match in three months so I decided tonight I just wasn't gonna pick a song
so I let somebody else pick a song for me so and and and Miklotov's been
begging and begging me for like two months or something to let him put a
song in so here you go and I swear to God Miklotov if this song loses you
never get another one in here no I'm just kidding but here it is this is a
song by a group called pendulum and the song is called hold your color so we'll
We'll see what you guys think.
Here it is, song number two.
When they take everything away Hold your colors against the wall
Hold your guns against the wall
And they take everything away
Hold your guns against the wall
I just want you to look into your eyes
So I lay the name
Don't try to save yourself
This circle is complete
Reaching out and to save you
Nothing else can touch me
So can't turn back now
To cut us against the wall
When they take everything away
I want you guys to get to know
I want you guys to get to know
So I can see
Open your eyes, twist and deny
Open your eyes, twist and deny
Open your eyes
She looked into your eyes and saw what lay beneath
Don't try to save yourself, the circle is complete
Starting out to show it all
When I'm reaching out, I do see you
Nothing else can touch me
So can I
Come to girls against the rules
When they take everything away
I'm too close to get to be wrong
I'm too close, I'm too close, I'm too close to get to be wrong
Take everything out of your way
Is it good? Is it good?
In your eyes
I'll know you're gonna say
Don't open your eyes, don't represented the knife
On our tune tonight skagematch pendulum
Hold your color.
We're not going to hold back our thoughts any longer.
What do you guys think of that? Dark Sakura?
Um...
I like it a lot.
I just felt it was a little long and got a little repetitive.
But I really do like the song a lot, so it gets an 8.5.
Low-key.
I like the beginning of it, then it just kind of...
I don't know.
It drops off in my interest, I guess.
Um, so 9.
Bugged.
Good driving song?
I like that song more this time than the first time I heard it. I actually liked it a lot more this time, so I don't know what happened. I guess I was just in a crabby mood the other night.
But I liked it, it was cool, but I agree, it kind of went on a little long, so if it had been like three minutes, it would have been cool. Five minutes, a little much.
So I give it an eight and a half.
Alright, song number three, Dark Sakura's pick. One more for you guys. Dark Sakura, what'd you pick first tonight?
It's off the new M-Flow album, it's M-Flow Loves Benny K's Taste Your Stuff.
Some M-Flow tonight.
Yep, new M-Flow.
Alright, new M-Flow.
song number three tonight dark soccer's pick M flow loves Benny K with taste
your stuff.
Ain't nobody else Ain't nobody else
Let's get out of here, oh no, ooh yeah You know I had enough of this baby, oh no, ooh yeah
We could have been on a half-speed ride
No one will say, no one will throw you
But I'm just down to pay
Bet I'm just down to pay
Bet I'm just down to pay
One, two, three
I gotta get out, get out
Let out the spot, good
So many Ds, oh
So many faces
I got your eyes open, hold tight
Gotta jowl, all the fun's breaking
Uh-huh, uh-huh, what's the deal?
Can't stop for y'all, that's the deal
Now there's so many friends
O-S-I-D-O-K-O-A-D-I
Mada, mada, damn
That's how we do
It's more interesting to give it
So much in front of you
Very strong, but can't you
Just communicate
Show, start though
Uh-huh
We got the coffee
Can't be so heat
No small heat
So now why can't I change the real story?
I'm gonna meet you another showman
I'm outta here, oh no, oh yeah
Let me say something, I'm here, you're here
And I'm home now, just leaving back in yesterday
Now
What? Hey, you don't wanna start this again?
Well, what again?
That's my style.
Man, we're gonna see a Taurus, though.
Too bad.
You don't even wanna hear it.
You'll be a 10.
So I'm gonna kick you to the doorstep.
What?
Now I wanna take you instead.
Uh-huh.
Oh, you instead.
Uh-huh.
Gonna bite a horny moon.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Hey, yo, so what moonshine?
You can't say it?
Uh-huh.
Man, you still got the mouth.
Say it.
So moody, moody.
Say it.
Then I did just do it.
Do it.
You don't even know what to do now But yo, you don't even know what to say
Baby, baby, tell me what you're gonna do now Let's get out of here
But yo, you don't even know what you said
Baby, why you gotta do that?
I gotta do that
Tell me baby, tell me what you're gonna do now
Let's get out of here
Oh no
Ooh yeah
You know I had enough of this baby
Baby
Oh no
Ooh yeah
We did have another happy life
Let's get out of here
Oh no
Ooh yeah, ooh yeah
Let me take your time
I'm here, I'm here
You're here, you're here
And now, it's even buggin' yesterday
We could love another
Let's get out of here!
Okay, so it's song number three in tonight's cage match.
M. Flo loves Benny K with Taste Your Stuff.
Very interesting name for a song there.
Let's see, did that leave a good taste or a bad taste in your mouth?
Dark Sakura.
M. Flo can do no wrong ten.
a porno beat to it which is kind of cool so I give it like a eight and a half
maybe nine I could be I could be talked into a nine eight and a half though for
now all right let's recap the three songs you could vote for tonight
starting off with song number one is Dorisia with the
And song number two you can vote for tonight is Pendulum with Hold Your Color.
And song number three you can vote for tonight is M-Flow Loves Benny K with Taste Your Stuff.
Whoa, that's not it.
How about this? Let's try this again. M-Flow loves Vinny K with Taste Your Stuff.
All right, kids. You know what to do. Place, vote now. Send a private message to Skye in
the chat room with your vote. Remember, screaming and hollering in the chat room will not count
as a vote, although, you know, you may sway some other people, but I'm not encouraging
you people to, uh, start flooding.
Okay, the next person to type V.
No flooding.
Well, now you have to allow them to campaign for a song they might want, but, you know,
no flooding.
Yeah, the next person to type V.
Yeah, don't flood.
All right, so there you go.
Have fun arguing about that.
In the meantime, Loki, I'm really curious to hear what's going on in the sim scene.
uh... set me a three point nine release candidate for that's it
that's it that's it
god damn the sims team for being slow lately they really haven't been doing
anything with me
and i have to raise on vacation
they're getting a patient it's early october
what are you doing
occasion for columbus and i go on vacation
now i don't know i am
all i know is that that release candidates coming out there probably in
seven a four someday and
i think i lost interest like what three years ago in their release candidate
three so um yeah anyways um no nothing really going on um was it osc4 um the other step file
contest they are in judging right now and yeah and um i don't know oh i know um i was gonna see if um
The StepMania Tournament to end all StepMania Tournaments, hopefully.
Tourney Mix 6, they're in their final round of voting right now.
God damn, another Tourney Mix?
No, this is the last one.
For real? Please? Can I get that in writing?
I don't know about that, but anyways.
It's down to the final ten. Well, eleven actually.
How many remixes of 2DX songs are in there?
uh...
well here's the finalist uh... right
and no particular order uh... here's what songs people didn't bend on speed
makes lucky cha cha cha uh... heaven is a place on earth to speedo makes
presenting dang dong a a smile to case on i don't know when i was on the
outside
uh...
can heat
by jamaica okay unbalanced uh... country roads
uh... take on me speedo mix
by by bike
uh... boys and girls
are a girl makes but not smile because of the and not for sale
hooray for you people not all all of which i might add the uh... said who
made them so no one by judging their
which i i i i am i have thought there for not picking bromani songs and
making steps for them like i think i got it
bump down if you did something like that or something that because i was sick of
seeing those so that is although it sounds like a budget dance mania speed
songs are in there
What can he do?
Everybody loves their speed music. Man, of course I'm getting corrected in the chat room, it's not a Smile DK song.
Where the hell have I heard that name before?
Ding Ding Dong. I know I've heard that song name before.
Like, it's on a DanceMania CD, I could swear.
Oh well. I don't care.
Are we looking? Alright.
I wanted to play this for you guys. I feel like going to a Taiko parade all of a sudden.
I know, he's still at it. Extrofer is still playing Taiko. You know what's funny?
he bought the game at like five o'clock today okay he already has told me he's
beat the game on easy which means he's played every song in the game on easy
mode now and now he's going back through a normal mode well it's a damn good
thing we don't have people living downstairs now they moved out the
British soccer players moved out I know I know you said I want to play this for
you guys this is an a cappella version of injection of love I think this is
very interesting because what somebody did out there on one of the forums is
that they took, um, and somebody, somebody, uh, Sakarina said this to me, so I can't remember
where this came from, so sorry to whoever created this, but somebody took the instrumental
version that's in Dance Dance Revolution Extreme 2 and cancelled that, or used that to cancel
out that same noise in the 2DX Red version of the song, so they used that to strip it
out, like cancel the noise. So what you're left with is Sana's vocals. So you should
be able to hear nice and clear exactly what the woman's saying in this song. So we're
gonna hear that part and I think she's supposed to say um stroke me she's
supposed to say stroke me but I swear to God she says fuck me so we're gonna
listen right now to a little bit of acapella here
sauna injection of love so you can actually kind of hear the little Feds
there in the background, so let's see if we can get into the...
You can hear little bits of the music in there because the cancellation is not perfect.
It sounds like playing a record backwards, doesn't it?
Here it is.
When you hear it like that, it doesn't sound like fuck so much, but it definitely sounds
like froke me.
Gently stroke me.
Now you can kind of hear the stroke me a little bit when somebody puts it that way.
But I swear to God it sounds like fuck in the original. It really, really does.
She must not like it very rough if she's going Yasashi.
One more time. Here it is.
I think it's like froke me.
How do you froke somebody?
think about this it would if it were written out in katakana it would be
sturoku so try saying suturo really fast and see how it comes out fuck me
wow you're right seriously if you if you listen to that part again and listen to
it as if the whole str little cluster there is actually three syllables what
is there to stroke on her maybe her breasts and she wants it gently whatever
I know what broke you and broke you and does she have a penis no I mean I'd not
as far as I know no oh can you stroke a vagina look if you could oh god please
You can't really do that, unless there's some really abnormalities and we're not going to go there.
But, um, yeah, um, I don't think so.
Alright.
I don't...
Seriously, play, but I'm for serious, play one more time.
Isn't the clitoris, like, just another version of a penis?
You know what?
Never mind.
I'll just let that spot answer.
This is why you're gay.
Just stay gay.
Just stay gay. Don't try to do things that are outside your-
Curiosity is bad. Curiosity led to the founding of countries.
No, you're not getting the mic. Go back.
Do they have a flag?
Alright, here. Hold on.
No flag, no country. You can't have one.
Jamie was here one more time and then I swear to God we're dropping this subject forever.
Alright, let's see. Here we go.
See?
If you listen to it with that in mind.
But then again, you also broke off. Here's what we gotta say also. That's not going to rip her voice exactly how it was.
It could have ripped off part of the voice.
It didn't rip her voice. It ripped everything else out.
Well, it might not have worked just perfectly, because I know when I try to take vocals out of stuff, sometimes you hear echoes in the background.
You know what? We could actually run it through our computers and see what happens.
Let's try doing this. We're going to, let me open up the file here.
and then I'm gonna make some changes to it and just kind of you know do the
cancellation thing and let's see what it sounds like this time let's let's let's
listen to our version of it
the original was doctored I think we should go to a break now oh wait
Not before we get-
Remember!
What?
Bleached katamari.
Yeah, yeah, I know.
Bleached katamari?
Just, just, don't encourage the-
Have I been out of the room too long?
You have, you have.
Oh.
Um, but Extrofer, you're back just in time, because I'll be damned if we miss this.
Please don't play the gay music.
You get the gay music.
I don't get the- I don't want the gay music.
We need Extrofer's movie reveal.
Extrofer-
I need to choose the music for that.
No.
Extrofer.
Oh.
Well, I saw In Her Shoes yesterday.
Isn't that a chick flick?
It is not a chick flick.
Well, it's a chick flick for gay guys.
Does that make it a dick flick?
It makes it a dick flick. It makes it a cock flick.
So it's like Sex and the City.
No, it's actually a movie about two sisters who go through some life-altering changes
changes and how they kind of like come together but like it's a good movie if
you're ever in the process of like you know unfortunately sometimes in your
life you lose you may lose friends or you may be in the process of losing
friends and it's it's a good movie to have to see when you're in that process
but otherwise I mean it's it's it's a total conflict the female listeners of
our show, thank you for that analogy. No problem, a thank you. I saw Serenity again. Yay! Talk
about that. We have to go see Serenity next week. Let's go see Serenity next week. Let's
do it. After Firefly. Somebody needs to go see Serenity. Next Friday we're gonna see
Serenity again. Cause apparently- Blah, blah, blah, I got nine please. Okay, nevermind.
Although we kind of spoiled it for Dan. Yeah, we spoiled it for Jamie's husband. Well don't
spoil it for the listeners, please, but how did you spoil it without spoiling it for listeners?
We just mentioned, oh, that's so sad. Yeah, and oh, that's so funny, and oh, that's
so sad, how that was so funny, and oh, that's so, uh...
And the people who will know what I'm talking about, you have this utter scene of, oh, and
even a little bit of laughter, and all of a sudden, bam, dead silence.
I know. It was crazy time. Without being a spoiler.
I'm being corrected by one of our chatters who I'm going through trying to tally the
cage match votes.
The smile DK song is ding ding dong.
Not ding dang dong.
Okay people do you see how I got confused?
Come on.
With one vowel.
Here's your serenity spoiler by the way.
The reverb is not put on to do the hokey pokey and roller skates.
And then I pee in bowls.
You guys are weird.
Do you still have your icons on your computer?
deleted all those folders about it that you placed on my computer last week with
that it makes me want to put some more on there I don't think on so we're
gonna say about serenity and it being a ninth place huh yes serenity was the
ninth place is it made so far about 17 point something million serenity needs
to make $80,000 should we get 80 million hey we already got a sequel the chat
That room is saying 19 million, actually.
But remember, it's all estimates so far, so...
Yeah, go to that mojo entertainment...
Box office mojo is...
Yeah, whatever that was.
Everyone needs to see serenity a bajillion times, so declares me.
To imagine how many times a bajillion is, imagine one time a bajillion times.
That was really poor.
Yeah.
We haven't. I'm still running through all these freaking CAGEMATCH votes. I have never seen so many votes in the CAGEMATCH. Our chat room is passionate about this shit tonight.
Alright.
Alright, you guys ready to find out who won tonight's CAGEMATCH?
We always thought about password protecting your computer.
Girls, that's one!
Why, what?
So, cr-
Aw, Jesus, did you just go in and make folders on your desktop?
No. I could, shit.
No?
Hey, even I voted in the CAGEMATCH today, didn't I Rob?
Stop it. What?
Even I voted in the CAGEMATCH today.
Because I'm the first guy's voice thinking for matching service.
Thank you. Thank you, chat room. And thank you, actually-
Thank you for giving Rob the pity, though.
Yeah. And actually, Miek LaTov won it, and I didn't even win it, so...
Fuck you, Miek LaTov.
See, that's worth showing me up.
Wilbur, what have I been telling you? Pick stuff other than generic trance, and you'll have a winner.
I have been picking stuff other than generic trance.
Pick Britney Spears' Toxic.
Oh, God, no.
I'm just kidding.
I actually, it's funny, I actually did have a generic trance song, but it was really good.
Well, that means that next week I have to play ABBA.
I was actually disappointed that you did not choose ABBA tonight.
I was trying to actually be serious, but I almost put in a Danger Doom track.
Did you know that the new Madonna song actually samples ABBA?
Really.
And I honestly thought I had never heard the gayest song ever made,
but I think this could possibly be it.
Fusing Madonna and ABBA together could quite possibly be anal sex in song form.
I've already heard foreplay in song form. Anyone who's ever seen Phantom of the Opera has.
There should be an AB workout machine called ABBA. The ABBA. Whenever you crunch it, it gives you like...
It's like, mama mia.
Thanks for stopping, stupid.
Alright.
Oh my god, it's Rob.
I've heard music in foreplay form before too, and it's going to start off this next break.
break, and we'll be back with more Orange Lounge Radio, and the FUs of the week, we've
got to get to those, we're running out of time. So we'll be right back after this break
with more Orange Launch Radio.
Oh
I came in from a rainy surface on May Avenue
Thought I heard you talking so fast
I turn on the lights, I see the end of the radio
Still I can't escape the ghost of you
What has happened to it all, crazy some say
Where is the light that I recognize?
It's gone away, but I won't cry for yesterday
There's an ordinary world, somehow I have to find
And as I try to make my way to the ordinary world
I will learn to survive
For the best part of Orange Lounge, this GTR sucks!
Holla!
Stop! Stop! Stop!
We want our women!
That's right, PS!
GG PO!
We're back here on Orange Lounge Radio.
We need more celebrity promos like that, actually. We need more promos in general.
We just need to go out with a tape recorder and get more promos from people.
Remember, the promos run all day long, though, on the stations. You'd have to keep it G-rated, because people do listen to us at work.
I could utilize the word balls in a sentence without...
I could say balls in a sentence without making it.
In that break, you heard 4Play from 7th Style, so deep by Silvertear, because since Dark
Soccer was talking about generic trance, I thought I'd give you some generic trance there.
That's for generic.
But the fans love it, go figure.
Hoppin' Choppin' from DDR Mario, of course they're kind of interworking in that song
from Mario Brothers 2, one of my favorite video games of all time and I can't remember
the damn name of it.
And then Aurora featuring Amy Coleman, Ordinary World, of course, another trance remix of
an old song. Another thing you love, Dark Sakura, yes? When people take 70s and 80s
songs...
I particularly hate that version.
I'll tell you... No, I heard one today that was really bad. It was a cover of Close to
You by The Carpenters, but all it was, was like this... And then you'd hear this woman...
like me, they want to be close to you.
I have a version of that by Utada Hikaru.
Well, I'm sure that's fine, but close to you has been done like a million times,
and this one was especially offensive.
We need to get to the FUs of the week, because I'll be damned if we're not running out of showtime.
So chat room, when you guys send in your FUs tonight, you need to keep it short, because if you don't keep it short,
You're getting cut off.
I'm cutting you off tonight.
So we're going to get into the FUs, and the same goes for...
So just say, fuck you, to Rob, and that's it.
Extifer, I will take that microphone away from you.
Bugged, will you please babysit Extifer?
That's going to be your new official show title, Bugged.
You're Extifer's babysitter.
Get it out of your red ass!
Oh, lordy.
Alright, um, in order for us to have the FUs of the Week, I'd better get, uh, Dark Soccer's song ready.
Alright, Dark Soccer, why is it that we do the FUs of the Week every single week?
Grr. Argh.
That's such a nerd.
Um, FU goes toward all of the traffic on my way up here.
Um, FU goes toward Internet stalkers.
Um, FU goes towards, um, my rash and amoxicillin.
And the fact that my ass itches, and F you to add the blackboard for being down all day because A.R.C.'s website was dumb, I couldn't do my homework, so fuck all that, I'm done.
Moving on to Loki!
Um, well anyways, what? What the hell is your problem?
you sick monomenon
what?
it's my song anyway
fucking mcdonald's for making sub-par food and until they've recently fixed their cups
for making cups that explode my cup holders
that fucking sucks and also fucking to my neighbors who keep throwing their couches
in the goddamn dumpster
that is not what the dumpster is for, it's for trash not your fucking furniture
you know pay for uh... it to be hauled away like everyone else
and also uh...
I'm so lucky to win this stupid free online film. Yeah, whatever. I hate that fucking Monopoly game. I'm done.
I'd like to give an F.U. this week to ParanoiaSurvivorMax for showing up, way more than it's welcome
on the totally random DDR Extreme match-up, but it's a good thing my life doesn't revolve
around DDR.
I might be upset about that.
I'd also like to give an F.U. to
the fact that I feel really, really unprepared for something that's about to take place a
week from tomorrow and I'm not excited about it, but that's alright, life sucks for a birthday.
No, it's not your birthday.
Yes it is.
Well, I mean, yes it is your birthday, but that's not why I'm mad. Shut up!
This is my segment.
And then, um...
An F.U. to rainbows.
Like the one on X to her shirt.
Just kidding, I don't know. I'm actually not that angsty.
all right let's go around and get uh other our guests in studio their fus uh bugged
f you to fuel prices of course uh 325 for the low end on diesel which is kind of crappy the
anti-fu to that is i'm still getting 45 miles a gallon and another fu is to uh extra fur as well
taiko drums do they have to be so fucking loud
And that's all.
Extra verb.
Uh, fuck you, bugs.
Oh, no, no, no, no. I don't have really any FUs other than, uh, let's see, FU to things that suck.
I don't know. No, not F you to things that suck, because things that suck are sometimes really good.
Stop looking at me like, hurry up and finish! That's done!
Oh, okay, you need to say something.
I climax, so hey, I'm done, I'm done, okay? Sexual reference. End.
Chat room time.
says f you to Sean Paul for making get busy miklata says my first f you goes to
anyone who likes V get over the song it fucking sucks second and last f you goes
to Amazon not having the pendulum CD in stock blue on you guys dark night says
f you to being on vacation and being broke in the process well at least I'll
have school tomorrow el mo it says f you to be showing up in 27 balmani games
games, three quarters of which are 2DX. GS191 says, F you to my friends for not even bothering
to say happy birthday to me today. No extra gift for you. Here we go, hold on. Let's sing
happy birthday orange lounge style to GS191. Happy birthday, fuck you. Happy birthday,
birthday fuck you that's it just kidding happy birthday
tycoon says hey fuck you by a j0-0 not beat not the other kind because that
would be offensive fire boma says f you to con Edison for not restoring power in
my house for 28 hours after a storm Roz says f you to the gorillas unofficial
chat for making me addicted to Pokemon again yeah what's up with that what is
up with that dark Tetsuya says f you to the guy who had us all convinced he had
memories of course he did it's already unlocked on the Japanese version oh my
god this is classic side note you guys on the DDR free quorum so you know how
there's this big stink that in DDR extreme memories is like a hidden song
that's actually on the disk but nobody knows how to unlock the song in the game
Well some guy comes on there and says my memories has been in DDR extreme the whole time
I don't know what you guys are freaking out about and they're like
And they're like, oh, yeah, send us a screenshot and he sends a screenshot and it's the Japanese version of extreme
Then he took six points of damage
Oh, and FU to the Live 365 keeps kicking me off stream and skipping so I miss most of
the show.
BlackDevilerX says, Froak you to the fact that I haven't been able to listen to the
show in forever.
Acer800 says, FU to Sky for playing TDR Mario and Ordinary World back to back because it
makes me too happy to have any real FUs.
SSJ 100 Matt says, F you to New York Yankee haters, you can't hate a team for winning
too much, let's go Yankees.
Laquitas says, I should know this guy's name, I play Final Fantasy 11 with him, says F you
to play online for not allowing me to log in so I can play Final Fantasy 11, oh that's
actually from Anna, sorry.
One more F you to the water leaking in our ceiling and causing horrible house maintenance
problems that's actually from annala
goggle says folk having two physics labs do on the same day hi of blur says
two things fu to my communications class having a speech on Tuesday when I'm
still sick also fuck 4chan org the black hole of the internet god bless it
Nintendo maniac 64 says fu midway for delaying the gamecube version of midway
arcade treasures three by a month
measures accurate as if you did not having a freestyle routine ready for
the saturday's major tournament in the digital life expo new york city
at the l a angels for nearly eliminating the yankees in the playoffs
employed walk says from melody
at the point
just the whole country fuck among you chips better
welcome all
alright just kidding if you're going to just get this obviously an inside joke
kostjamrh So fuck me.
kostjamrh No thank you.
kostjamrh Will Smith doesn't have to curse to sell records, but I do. So fuck him and fuck you too.
kostjamrh Isn't that a lyric in a song somewhere?
kostjamrh I swear I heard that lyric somewhere before.
He doesn't curse in his music.
He samples everybody.
Yes he does.
Oh, we had one late F.U.
Morty says, froke frigid roommates.
Frigid roommates.
I agree.
Shut up, asshole.
I'm not frigid.
I'll have you know.
I was quite warm.
Never mind.
Just kidding.
I'm kidding.
I'm kidding.
All right.
God, we're running out of time on the show. They want to do Ask Orange Lounge, but we don't really have the time, so I think we're going to have to take it.
Let's do it.
Want to do it real quick?
Just do it.
Yes.
All right. You know, because we still got the podcast to do, and you want to go out.
I know.
All right.
But where would we be without our fans probably in bed?
All right.
Doing what in bed?
No.
Big cut.
Slumber party.
All right, guys. Fine. We'll do really quick Ask Orange Lounge.
parties with a bunch of people and the first girl who fell asleep we would take
her bra and stuff like dip it in orange juice and put it in the freezer. My
sister and her friend did that to one of their friends one time. It was really
funny. And then when the last person to stay awake would go and put toothpaste
on the toilet seat so that the first person who woke up in half asleep mode
to go use the bathroom would stick to the toilet wow let's ask orange lounge
some stupid question what will we find out this week on orange lounge radio I
think it's very interesting we didn't even need a question to find out that
Jamie played with other girls bras.
Fireboma said, where do babies come from? No seriously, I don't know.
I will let Extrofer answer this question on behalf of Orange Lounge Radio.
Extrofer, where do babies come from? Babies come from a females coup.
Legend of Zaku said, you guys seriously need a Wikipedia entry.
We do. How do we do that?
Someone has to make us one.
Somebody make us one. Is Bug going to do it?
Bug's working on it right now. Do people have to vote on it to make it stick?
Oh good. Okay, Bug's going to write that right now. Thank you, Zaku.
The Ferret needs an entry too.
We'll post that though.
Oh, other things I want to point out.
I'd like to point out, um, vote us a five on your player window in line 365 speaking of like voting stuff, and for the love of God, vote for us on podcast alley, because we're really falling behind over there.
So for your convenience, I'm going to post a link to where you can vote for our show, and you should do that right now, because that's a really good way for our podg- podcast to get exposure.
I hate that podcast.
It's a gas.
Alright.
Um, oh did somebody already do it?
Somebody posted a Wikipedia link.
Did somebody already do it?
Somebody probably just made an entry that says it sucks.
It stinks.
Oh no it's not. Okay.
Yeah you need to start. Somebody needs to hurry up and write it.
Alright.
sakorina says why is american thanksgiving later than canadian
thanksgiving which is now
wait a second
oh yes loki
why do the canadians get thanksgiving anyways?
how many indians did they kill? come on
exactly
they didn't rape the land of indians
no just kidding
uh...
god we're horribly offensive sometimes i really hope we didn't offend anybody with that comment
but um... if anything we should be giving thanks for maple syrup because that's what they're
known for
that and brian adams. I really don't know why thanksgiving is later
it's all timed
for the shopping industry
i know i know
wasn't michael j fox from canada
What about David Duchovny?
Somebody in the chatroom is saying if DDR...
Do you remember that song, David Duchovny, Why Won't You Love Me?
No.
Someone wrote a song about him.
If somebody in the chatroom is saying that DDR Freak is not allowed to have a Wikipedia entry, so why should we?
Who said DDR Freak is not allowed to have a Wikipedia entry? That's not cool.
Maybe I can have one.
Yeah, make them one. I don't care.
I think they had one and it got removed or something.
Somebody probably complained about it.
Let me have a look.
If we get a Wikipedia entry posted, just fucking don't complain about it, and we'll be fine.
So don't tattle. If you tattle, I will come find you and beat you up, and it will not be a good thing.
Because you're probably the end of feeding Rafa.
Jayda's arms are flailing.
We're already running late. No more questions, people. These are the last ones.
Jayda2005 says, why is it cheaper to rent movies and expensive to rent video games?
Because video games are more expensive than movies video games such a back like 50 bucks games only such or movies now
I said you back like 25 exactly and they have to you know rent more times in order to make their money back
And stop stealing games people stop stealing them for the rental stores, that's what the Internet's for
If I mispronounce this, I'm really sorry. I don't know if it's just II or just with like the silent II
I'm not sure if the East Islander night huh was it I think just I'm gonna go with just okay
But it could be just a it could be like just a like Jack a this person's gonna kick my ass
I'm gonna go with just all right. Why did you decide to start making an online radio show um?
Me personally your turn, okay?
I've been doing online radio personally since I was in college which was a long time ago
I'm actually not that old, but I was doing a college radio show, and then I got invited
to be on another internet radio program called Understation Live, that was years ago, and
that just kind of turned into this, where it was like, you know what, we have fun doing
Understation Live, let's do a show about video games, and sure enough, here we are, Dark
Sakura was a frequent guest on that show.
Loki just kind of showed up, but it worked out, so Loki's still here.
juice day. It is juice day. Not just stay, but juice day. Just for the record.
Alright. SSJ100Matt, what? Oh, I was just going to say, like, juice stay in your chair.
Shut up. I haven't got any rules on Wikipedia yet.
SSJ100Matt wants to know, I may be the only person on Earth to break an afterburner pad.
Am I the only one to break one?
Umm...
No.
No.
Loki says no.
How do you know this for a fact, Loki?
Cause that's ridiculous to say that you're the only person that's broken one.
They're not indestructible.
I'm sure at some point, like, somebody who weighed like 700 pounds tried to play on one
and probably broke it.
So, I think that's safe to say, wouldn't you?
Sure.
You're probably not the first, but you might be one of a very select few.
And that's something to be proud about.
Why did Midway delay the GameCube version of Midway Arcade Treasures 3, and why did
my laptop just lag for like 12 minutes straight?
GameCube games seem to be getting finished last, like for example Rainbow Six Lockdown
didn't come out until two weeks later.
Same with Midway Arcade Treasures, it doesn't come out until two weeks later.
Some of the Mortal Kombat games came out way later for GameCube, too, right?
The reception.
Some like that.
Yeah, it's just, I don't know, either they have to go through some, like, process of,
you know, Nintendo has to review it or something, or, I don't know.
For whatever reason, it's delayed.
Very interesting.
All right.
We've got to call it a show, boys and girls.
We're done here.
And, sorry, Nintendo Mania, I can't help you with your laptop.
Call your local computer experts.
All right.
Final thoughts, you guys? It's the end of the show. Bud, your final thought?
I like my PSP.
Extifer, your final thought?
Uh, stop it. I like, um, I don't like his PSP.
Loki, your final thought?
I have too many GameStop receipts.
My final thought is, meow.
Dark Sakura?
Reject Plus Icons, Bleacher Katamari
Final Word of the Show, one word to sum it all up
We're running late but thanks you guys very much for tuning in tonight and listening to us
We appreciate it, that's as far as the corn goes there
Alright, thank you guys very much for tuning in and listening to us tonight
We appreciate it
Whore us up, tell a friend that you love Orange Launch Radio
Tell a friend that you hate Orange Launch Radio because they might still check it out
And that's it, thank you guys, we'll see you next week
One word to sum it all up, Dark Sakura, what is tonight's final word?
Itchy, Tasty
That does it for another...
Hold on, that was two. That was two!
You pick one. You pick one or the other.
I had to quote the game, but it's itchy.
That does it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio Live.
Orange Lounge Radio Live is an Orange Lounge Radio production.
For more information about our station, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here is your fortune cookie message of the day.
I miss you more than Michael Bay missed the mark
when he made Pearl Harbor
I miss you more than that movie missed the point
and that's an awful lot girl
and now, now you've gone away
and all I'm trying to say
Is Pearl Harbor suck
And I miss you
I need you like Ben Affleck needs acting school
He was terrible in that film
I need you like Cuba good
He needed a bigger part
He's way better than Ben Affleck now All I can think about is your smile
And that shitty movie too For all the sun
And I miss you
Why does Michael Bay get to keep on making movies
I guess Pearl Harbor sucks
Just a little bit more than I miss you
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
Thanks a lot for tuning in and listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
We appreciate your support.
