The following live program is a special presentation of Orange Lounge Radio.
Hello everybody, you're tuned into Orange Lounge Radio and it is that time, 6.30, for
Orange Lounge Radio Live on tonight's program
is DDR Extreme 2 still a good game even though Sana got
censored and doesn't say fuck me anymore we'll talk about that tonight
also tonight one of the biggest
wishes the Bamani scene has ever had
got granted this week and I don't think half of you noticed
so we're gonna talk about all that tonight right after this introduction
Orange Lounge Radio is presented in the TMI sound format.
You're listening to Old Man Radium Live.
This is Mommy's Pop Radio.
Oh my god.
Oh god.
Heh heh heh heh heh.
Call me Daddy.
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain plenty of...
Muh-uh-muh-chuh-muh-kaw-key.
Just kidding, Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that.
In this episode...
Well isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at www.orangelaungeradio.com.
And now, here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Skye, and Loki.
We are live!
And this is episode number 158 for this October the 2nd of 2005.
You're tuned in to Orange Lounge Radio, radio that gamers really want, and this is Orange Lounge Radio Live.
You're home for all the news and discussion on rhythm and music games,
as well as the gamer community and the pop culture world.
We're plugged in and fully interactive through our website at
www.orangeloungeradio.com. My name is Rob Roberts. You might know me as Sky.
Joining me as always are my awesome co-hosts. In this corner, the happiest
bunny on the farm, Ms.
Dark Sakura. I've got legs.
You got legs? Do you like bread?
Did you say you got legs? I have legs.
Oh, that's good. Legs are good. I was listening to some of my Eddie Izzard stuff before I left.
Especially if you're trying to play DDR, legs are a good thing. No.
There are people without legs who play DDR. Or at least who work on them.
How do you play DDR without legs? There's a guy who played with the crutches.
Oh yeah, that infamous video. Pretty cool.
On the intranet. Alright.
Well, um, also not here tonight, just yet, is Loki. He's actually running a little bit tardy tonight, and you know what that means, kids?
Fired!
Oh, darn.
He'll be, he'll be here soon enough. And actually, we're kind of bummed because we don't have any special guests tonight.
There's us. We're special enough.
Yeah, it's just the three of us, and of course your calls on the Skyplane.
No, we haven't, we have somebody who's returned to the show.
Oh, goody who?
I forgot to tell you what I found this week, after incessant listener demand.
We dug him up.
So, Loki will be here soon enough.
Actually, what's kind of sad is that Miklotov, one of our regular guests, was just here, not even an hour ago,
and was going to stay for the show but unfortunately
due to some
commuting issues had to get back before the show started so he says hi
and I guess
too bad he couldn't be here tonight because you know obviously we're talking about
EX2 and for once he could have talked about pretty much everything with EX2
but
we'll get him back here another week and talk about all that fun stuff after you guys have
unlocked all the stuff
which is one thing I should say is that tonight we are going to be playing lots of
music from
Dance Dance Revolution Xtreme 2
We're going to play a lot of new music, which may include some things you haven't unlocked
yet.
So if you are wary of spoilers, unfortunately I'm going to tell you, you may not want to
listen tonight.
But honestly, there's some real good stuff, just stick with it.
I'm assuming that a lot of people out there who were trying to really stay careful of
the spoilers probably have either already unlocked this stuff by themselves by now or
just don't care at this point, I don't know.
So I just want to warn you guys, we are going to talk about and probably play some music
that is unlockable in DDR Extreme 2, so you guys, it might be a spoiler, but who cares?
The game's been out for several days now.
We can spoil.
If they don't want the spoiler, they can all go see Serenity.
Yeah, we'll talk about...
So that it can make the 80 million and we get a sequel.
We'll talk about Serenity, yes.
And we'll talk about other stuff too.
I want to talk about that big, big secret.
It's not really a secret. It's out there and people have been wanting this in a Bomani game for so, so long and it's out there and nobody, I know somebody found it because people are talking about it, but nobody I know knew about this, really.
Except Miggletop who pointed it out to me. But we will talk about all that after this break, kids.
So, let's get to the first break of DDR Extreme 2 Music.
In this break, we're going to hear, As the Rush Comes, a little bit of Block Rockin' Beats,
we're going to hear Genie in a Bottle, and we're going to hear I Will Survive all in this break.
in this break. So we'll be back after this with more Orange Lounge Radio.
We drift deeper into the sound Traveling somewhere, could be anywhere
There's a coldness in the air, but I don't care
We drift deeper into the sound, life goes on
We drift deeper into the sound, feeling strong
To bring it on, to bring it on
He scraped me, he found me, and the rush comes
into the sound of life goes on
Oh, we did the same thing
I'm back with another one of those block rockin' beats
Lyrics from Part 3
Subs by
If you want to be with me, baby there's no such thing as
I was petrified, here thinkin' I could never live without you by my side
But then I spent so many nights thinking how you did me wrong
And I put strong
And I learned how to get along
And so you're back
From outer space
I just walked in to find you here
With that sad look upon your face
I should have changed that even less
I should have made you leave your feet
I had known for just one second you'd be back
You lied to me
So I now go
Walk out the door
Just turn around now
You're not welcome anymore
But you're the one who tried to hurt me with your vibe
You think I'd crumble?
You think I'd stay down and die?
No, not I
I will survive
Oh, as long as I know how to love, I know I'll feel alive
I've got all my life to live
I've got all my love to give
And I'll survive
I will survive
Hey, hey
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio.
We are in the midst of our October 2nd episode, of course we are live here, and it is episode
number what, 158?
I'm starting to lose count, we're getting so high.
We're old.
I know, God.
We have to keep innovating.
We're what, like three and a half years old now?
Yeah, something like that.
We're pretty well potty trained at this point,
and we're going to start preschool soon.
Yeah.
We don't have to use the big kids' pants anymore.
We have like pull-ups.
Yeah.
Mommy, wow, I'm a big kid now.
Occasionally, we still do have an accident or two.
All right, in that break, you did hear some music
from Dance Dance Revolution Extreme 2.
You heard As the Rush Comes, Block Rock and Beats,
genie in a bottle and i will survive
uh... dark soccer you really get a chance to know i'd i'd know you're
eating cake over there let them eat cake
uh... let us know i'm cheating
of my bad
nobody listens to the show it's okay
no just kidding just kidding tons and tons
hundreds upon hundreds of people want to listen to the show
uh... and a couple do
and they're in our chat room w w w dot orange launch radio dot com click on
interact with us
and uh... there are no i'm sorry that's for the skype line click on chat
this is going to be one of my tonight
uh... click on chat and you can join our chat room and there's a whole bunch of
fun people in there
uh... what are you talking about right now uh... i think some some comments
there are some thoughts of the songs i think that for the a carry a mocha
we're assuming it's a cure we only know because the saying i think you're a cool
i don't see how it couldn't be a carry a mocha honestly i think it was cool
although it's like i'm very picky about that song and i would've been i will
survive. But the Genie in the Bottle one made me feel highly nauseous. Genie in the Bottle's
been a very split down the middle one in the community. Of course I've been reading a lot
of feedback, not just on our forums over at OrangeLodgeRadio, but the more heavily used
forums over at DDRFreak.com, and just a lot of feedback for Genie in the Bottle seems
very polarized. A lot of people are like, wow, that's different, it's pretty cool. I
think it just has to do with if you're like a trance whore or not, because if you're a
trance whore, then of course you're going to like that. It sounds like every other trance
song ever made. Yeah, if you're not a trance whore, you're probably not going to like it
as much and it's let's face it it's still you know genie in a bottle and
while genie in a bottle makes a great karaoke song for me
um it's it's not a song that i like to hear
otherwise anyway um now you didn't really get a chance to
check out dance dance revolution extreme 2
did you jamie you haven't really when i have no life
no i did i i ran out and got it on tuesday i i'm gonna wait for loki to
to get here because I think he's been playing it too so I'll wait and share my
thoughts with him but in the meantime let's go ahead and start off tonight's
show as we do every week playing a little bit of how was your cake how was
your day and we'll start it off with the one and only dark Sakura the sugar is
burning a path down my throat like vodka um I played Nintendogs lots and lots of
puppies and that's it I'd even touch World of Warcraft although we did have
like a very nerdy discussion friday night after serenity
oh my gosh that was
that was pretty cuz we were starting to talk about games for a little while we
were talking about um...
i don't know god what were we talking about
different ddr's and stuff and and a couple of my... and our various mmo's
oh yeah
various mmo's we've played like Ragnarok and Final Fantasy 11 and World of Warcraft
and City of Heroes and all this other stuff
we were talking about all those games
and
one of my poor friends who isn't much of a gamer was just kind of sitting there
going
blink blink blink and this is also like his birthday dinner so
and then we got on the uh... I should feel bad on to the uh... angel discussion and
Buffy yeah then you guys started talking about Buffy and angel
all night and then that was the part where I started going blink blink blink
because I'm not much of a Joss Whedon whore
granted I did go out and see Serenity because I was basically I was
essentially dragged by all my friends who are Joss Whedon whores
um but it was cool I like Serenity I'm not like OMFG
serenity like I'm gonna make all my LJ icons serenity based I have a serenity
icon okay I'm just teasing the general like I just noticed this huge influx
this past couple weeks is just serenity whoredom amongst the nerds on my LJ list
which is cool I mean god knows I have my nerdy things as well so I'm not one to
judge but I just noticed that the past two weeks you know have been like
serenity things been on overdrive so I'm not like omfg over the movie but it was
good it was it was cool I liked the action scenes it was action packed I
liked it that part at the end and I liked the black chick with a gun she was
cool Zoe because black chick with guns are
cool they are all right that's my that's my opinion on Serenity and Rob's movie
review yeah no no we actually have extra for here and he's going to give his
movie review a little later in the show. And he's actually sitting in Loki's show.
Hello. Hi.
You're our new co-host now. Oh, okay.
If we fire Loki, you're going to have to step in here, so.
Okay. I hate Macs and in the group. There you go. He fits right in. I love it.
I have a Mac now. Is that a Mac? I hate you.
I have a Mac now. I have an iMac that I named Easy Mac.
That's cool. It's the graphite one, so it fits in with my dark personality.
Except for what games do you play? Do you play the DDR games at all?
I enjoy watching people play them. I like Pump It Up.
No, I do, because as a person who's not very good at DDR, it felt more natural.
Pump It Up felt more natural for me. That's interesting, because I think in a lot
of ways Pump It Up is actually a harder game. Even to pick up and learn. I think DDR is
a little more beginner friendly to Pump It Up. Not to not Pump It Up. I just don't see
this as beginner friendly. I don't know. I just don't have that feet eye coordination
that a lot of people do with these DDR games. Well you know it just takes practice. You
should have seen me when I first started. I mean, God. You should see you now. Shut
up again you should see you now yeah thank you all right anyway why is Fiona
Apple on myspace because a lot of musicians put their profile thank you
for completely derailing our previous topic that's all right a lot of
musicians put their profiles on myspace and like f-list celebrities and D list
celebrities put their profiles on myspace so people can add them or D list
singers songwriters it's the singer songwriters and then like when you when
When you add them to your MySpace, then they'll start spamming your comments with like,
Hey!
Come check out our show!
And then they like paste a huge ass image of a flyer.
This is my sister's MySpace for you guys, because my sister is like the biggest MySpace
whore I know.
My sister has over 1,000 friends on MySpace.
I'm not even kidding.
She has over 1,000 friends.
I have 64.
And I have 227.
Well, we're not going to go there.
And I've posted about 10 entries since I've had my...
I don't post any entries.
I don't either.
I just have my profile.
I have my live journal to post entries.
And my sexy MySpace emo pics, which reminds me, last night, me, Exeterfer, John, and Precious
Amanda were all here last night.
See, you kind of have the emo pic thing going on on your MySpace.
It's a good emo pic.
Every MySpace profile, we're talking about MySpace, Dr. Tanya.
That's me holding the camera over my head.
See, that's the way to take an emo pic, is take a picture of yourself, okay?
So we were actually taking emo pics last night because I think John was borrowing his parent's
digital camera, which is kind of nice.
So we were taking pictures of ourselves.
We were doing that thing where you take a picture of yourself in the bathroom mirror
and you're half-flexing and you look really sad, like you're going to cry, like you just
listened to an entire Linkin Park album or something.
Like Evanescence, you know?
And then you're sad inside.
But Evanescence makes me happy.
Sarcasm.
No, you know, Amanda and I, we were trying to do an emo pic where we were both in the
bathroom and she was holding up the camera and taking a picture of us, which is funny
because, you know, that way, you know, why would a person do that, you know, which makes
it funny.
I like that one better, Jimmy.
I'm waiting to see how my emo pics turn out, but I will put them on my MySpace.
And by the way, kids, Orange Lounge Radio has hopped on the MySpace bandwagon, toot
toot!
And we've got a club thingy on there.
We haven't really done anything with it yet.
But it's there.
And join it.
Because when a lot of people are in the club, then they'll go,
hey, why are all my friends in this Orange Lawns Radio Club?
And then they'll be likely to check out
our station and our podcast.
And then we get popular.
And then we can sell commercials on this program.
And we can all quit our day jobs and do Orange Lawns Radio
forever.
Yay!
That means that I can't move.
I don't even know how to access our club on MySpace.com.
I think it's like MySpace.com slash clubs slash Orange Lounge Radio or something.
Just do a search in the clubs for Orange Lounge Radio.
I don't imagine that there's like some other club named Orange Lounge Radio.
I'm pretty sure we're the only club named Orange Lounge Radio, because I can't think
of anybody else that would call themselves Orange Lounge Radio, so look for that.
So how was your gaming week, Rob?
Well, I'll talk about my gaming week on the podcast, but I'll talk about my regular week now.
Okay.
Let's just mess with you.
My week was kind of boring, and I barely slept last night at all, and I took a big ol' nap today,
so I didn't really do anything on my Sunday, which kind of sucks. Stop laughing.
But you didn't do anything with your Sunday?
I went to Lions and ate, but you didn't do anything else?
This program.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, but this is nothing noteworthy.
I was starting to think that we're starting to do stuff like ice cream.
Ice cream?
We have ice cream?
You're Sunday.
Oh my god, we should totally get ice cream.
I know, I totally want ice cream.
We should.
Xtifer, when Loki gets here, you're our ice cream bitch.
You should go get us all a cold stone.
Should I really?
That would be awesome.
I said I have no money.
Oh, I don't either.
Just give us a big tub of Ben and Jerry's.
A big tub of Ben and Jerry's.
Yes.
Hey, is my picture, does it look emo?
That particular picture, yes.
But you know what's funny about that particular picture?
We're looking at Myspace, which, by the way,
makes for great radio right now, Extover,
to be talking about pictures.
It does.
It's a picture.
We should describe the picture.
OK, we will.
It's Extover, and he's kind of tilted toward the side.
He's probably about three years younger in this picture,
by the way.
And his head's kind of tilted towards the side,
he's got that I'm not wearing my glasses look he's got that look of it looks
super sexy he's I'm not wearing my glasses you should post that in our chat
oh you don't you're not in the chat room you can't post that I'll post it for the
listeners later if they want to see you should show me how to get into the chat
room during a break I will anyway the rest of my week I did a lot of work and
and uh... i uh... did
stuff i played a lot of d r
somebody commented today that i look like i've lost weight and i credit that
to the three days of d r the plane this week
i'm just kidding and not not just for that but i've been playing quite a bit
of d r and uh... it doesn't show
all right you're still
because you had a
extra for
why don't you know how was your week out today
My week was good. I just worked at blah, blah, boring, et cetera, the end and stuff. We went
and saw Serenity, which I should get to probably later on, but still it was great and stuff.
And then today has been kind of boring. There were a lot of people here when I woke up and
and then everybody left. And now it's just me and you guys.
Do you feel abandoned? Are you having abandonment issues?
I do. I was planning on, you know...
That precious Amanda, Miklotov, had to go.
Right. I was planning on hanging out with Miklotov as he was doing the show with you
guys.
Well, usually when Miklotov is here on the show, he'll drop in and say hi, and then he
retires out to the living room because he doesn't really want to be on the show.
And we got a new gay channel here, logo, that I was just watching in the other room.
I know, it's super fabulous. And we, they were having a, is that funny?
What are you laughing at over there? Is it the chat room?
No, just the way it's super fabulous. Yeah, I know, he's a big queer.
No I'm not, dude. We went, so I was watching that channel and they have, you know, a lot
of super gay programming on it. Well imagine that. I mean, on the gay channel,
What are you going to have?
You're going to have...
Well, you know, they have Wonder Falls, which isn't totally gay.
Madonna documentaries and, um, I don't know, what else do you show on the channel?
It was actually a reality show based around this gay guy opening a bar for the first time,
called Open Bar, and the guy was fucking hot.
And he was totally hot.
And like, I bet, you know, I bet he has, you know, nice looking balls.
I don't know.
What?
What?
Well, you know, sometimes if you look at a guy, you can tell, okay, that guy has good-looking
balls.
Whoa!
That just came, like, completely out of left field.
What the...
Oh, I like sitting here right now.
You don't know that?
Dark Sakura as a straight woman, do you ever look at a guy and go, I bet that guy has some
nice balls?
Occasionally?
Occasionally?
I'm more like, I hope he shames those.
Yeah. Oh my god. Oh my god. Okay. Oh wow, look at that.
Sometimes Harry is better. Amazing. Look at that. We just lost half our listeners.
Good job. Now we're down to one listener. Wow. Good job.
You lost half your listeners last week. Yes, we went from two to one. Good job.
Good job.
Anyway, so that's how my week was and my day.
That's good to know. Thank you.
No problem.
Your week was balls.
It was hairy balls.
And serenity. Hairy balls and serenity.
Wow, I'm so glad that the show just instantly went down the toilet. That's great.
And Legend of Zaku gets it!
What? What did Legend of Zaku say?
The in-your-mouth line after, didn't you see Jay and Silent Bob strike back?
I did, like, years ago, when it first came out.
www.orangelaungerator.com.
Click on Chat if you want to join in the chat fun.
Also, interact with us, the Skype line.
We're going to open that up in a little while, because I know
you guys are dying to give your feedback to Dance Dance
Revolution Extreme 2.
However, what we're going to do now, we're going to go to a
break, and when we come back from this break, we're going
to see if, hopefully, Loki shows up during this break.
But even if not, we're going to talk about the big news
going on in the Bamani scene that I wonder if you guys even know about.
And then we'll talk about the, thank you for that.
We'll also talk about the Dance Dance Revolution Extreme 2 and my thoughts
and hopefully Loki's thoughts.
Enter Asante.
He's here, thank you.
It's almost like having a studio audience where you can have like an
applause sign that lights up.
All right.
In this break, we're going to hear some more music from DER Extreme 2.
We're going to hear Injection of Love.
but this is the version of Injection of Love that has the vocals not in it, so see if you
like this version, a little bit different there because they actually stripped out Sana's
vocals because, controversially, Sana says fuck me in one part of the song where she
says fuck me, although some people are saying, no, she doesn't say fuck me, she's actually
saying suck me or something else. She totally says fuck me. She totally says fuck me, and
even if she's not trying to say fuck me, she says fuck me. So I don't, I don't know if
the lyrics. In fact, let me see. Hold on. I have no problem with those words. God dammit,
y'all got me on a tangent. Let me pull this up real fast here, because I have to prove
something to you people. So for those of you guys that have never heard Injection of Love,
even though we've actually played this quite a bit on our show before this was ever in
DDR Extreme USA, here's a little piece of Injection of Love. And you tell me if this
This doesn't sound like fuck.
A little bit after this part. Let me fast forward a little bit here.
She totally said fuck me right there. Come on. She totally said fuck me.
It's called injection of love.
Of course she said fuck me. Isn't that giving your injection of love?
I'm gonna inject you with my meat rod. No, my love.
My love rod. In other words, my cock.
And in some weird porn way, my balls too. Alright.
So I understand if you guys, I don't know, you probably went on some website and looked
up the official lyrics or something and maybe it's not fuck, but let's face it, if it's
not supposed to be fucked. She did a pretty bad job. She did a Freudian slip. She was
thinking about fucking when she sang it. And so she said, fuck me. There. So.
What does fuck mean? Because, get it, she doesn't say fuck right?
She says fuck. Actually, to me it sounds more like fook me. Like fook me and fook you from,
forget it. Yes, I do. I just wasn't funny. So needless to say, they had to strip out
the vocals because you know they weren't going to do that and well I'm assuming
anyway that that's why they stripped out the vocals is that you know because you
know it awfully it sounds like fuck in the song although in Dance Dance
Revolution Extreme they little they little little fuck slip by and the song
highs off you but it's so hard to catch and that's even more controversial as to
whether they're really saying fucking you up is the lyric so plus I don't know
you know this. I used to think that, what was that one that was in Beatmania? God, now
I can't remember what it was. I always thought that they used to say, often kissed by a boy
band fucker. Oh. Often kissed by a boy band fucker, often kissed by a boy band fucker.
Yeah, that song. I forgot what the song was. I have Wonderland. That was it. Yeah. That
in one of the earlier USDDRs as well as like what third mix like way back when
okay anyway I swear we're gonna get to the song but I just wanted to get that
out there about you know word censorship and all that stuff so here we go
starting off this break the instrumental version or as they're calling it the
Hina mix of injection of love and after this we're gonna hear some inside your
heart, make a difference and my my my, we'll be back after this.
One, two, three, four!
One, two, three, four!
I want you now, my heart's on fire, and so we step, step, step into the love of life.
It's time for your love, I'm watching your love
I know that you'll be there
I'm feeling good, I'm feeling fine
I want you now, I want you now
Don't ever leave, I know you won't
Don't let me go, don't let me go
Baby yeah you love me so much
Baby yeah you're holding my mind
I want you just to hold me
I love that you love me always
I want you just to touch me
I want to see you near me
I want you just to hold me
I love that you love me always
I want you just to touch me
I'd like to feel inside your heart
For your heart, for your dreams, for your heart
For your dreams, for your heart
When a world is lost in itself
And you feel the life is not showing through
And you'll forget it's not by yourself
But you gotta reach and make this one
Let her play, give it a chance
Stand up and stand in front at night
You can work through it to get the chance
We can work from waist to waist
Get up and you can just
Use it at all times
What else can we do?
We can do it now baby, cause I'll be fine
We can do it now baby, cause I'll be fine
Follow your dreams Follow your mind
Follow your world Follow your dreams
Let's do it now for a dream
My, my, my, my How's he ever get this way?
Where's he gonna go?
How's he gonna make this good?
What's the sugar take to do it?
My, my, my, how's he ever get this way?
Where's he gonna go?
How's he gonna make this good?
I'm gonna take the joy
My, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my
How do you get this one?
Where is the door?
My, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my
Oh, tell me where you're gonna take it from
We'll do what I think they're doing
Please listen to Orange Lounge Radio, because real radio makes Captain Jack cry.
We're back here on Orange Lounge Radio. Hope you enjoyed that break of more EX2 music,
including Injection of Love, Inside Your Heart, Make a Difference, and My My My. As a reminder,
tonight's show is filled with Dance Dance Revolution Extreme 2 spoilers, and if you
are afraid of hearing something that might spoil Dance Dance Revolution Extreme 2 for
Let me remind you Dance Dance Revolution Xtreme 2 is not a movie or a story. There is nothing to spoil.
Oh no, we told you a song is in the game. You still have to work to unlock it.
I don't, that's one of those things I kind of don't get quote-unquote on DDR Freak right now, get, putting quotes,
is that everybody in the Xtreme 2 thread is,
and even I had to do this myself because I feared the angry mob if I didn't. They were, you know, putting all the
spoilers in hidden like you have to
highlight with your mouse type text because you know they don't want you
know people are not wanting the game to be spoiled but I'm thinking anybody with
common sense would think if I don't want to spoil this game I probably shouldn't
go on a discussion forum where people were talking about how how much they've
been playing it and how great the game is and all the songs they've been getting
so I'm not I'm not sure I get the point of why we're being so sensitive about
spoilers so whatever maybe somebody will call up and yell at me for spoiling
uh... dancers revolution extreme too but you know what
i warned you
welded
well look he's here he's he's back
yeah doing i'm i'm good fired
no i'm scared i'm not fired i i had top-secret working working on them
and that's going to have to get a sandwich also right that's fine
you're allowed to be late once in a while but don't let it happen again
how you doing how was your week how was your day? um... my week was okay today was kind of
weird because Nellie decided, you know, instead of watching the Food Network today, she wanted
to watch TLC, which, um, they were playing, um, it's like a whole line-up of medical procedures
that could go wrong. Like, for example, they had, um, you know, plastic surgery gone wrong
and then they had another one that was, uh, when medical instruments get left behind,
you know, a whole series of people, oh, look, we left the sponge in you. Oh, look, there's
I'm sorry, but we've replaced your heart with a baked potato. You have five seconds to live.
Exactly.
Oh, sure.
It was just like, you know, I didn't need to be watching that stuff, so. But other than
that, no. Really not too much going on. Except, I don't know, I'm just getting some more games
to sell back.
Right on.
So, I'm clearing out, you know, my excess crap.
Okay. Cool.
What else was I going to ask you about? Oh, actually, I wanted to tell the listeners about
this. Before the break, you missed a little bit of show, obviously, Loki. Luckily you
missed the conversation on balls, because Extrofer got us started talking about balls,
as Extrofer tends to do on this program, bring up something X-rated we shouldn't be talking
about on the internet. But one other thing we were talking about was Injection of Love,
the censored version, quote unquote, that's in DDR Extreme 2, and how they took out the
Fuck Me line by just basically taking out all the vocals. Well, thanks to one of our
our listeners who's listening tonight, who's in our chat room, Color of Sakura, she actually,
or he or she, sorry, actually quoted, sorry, I don't take note of everybody's gender sometimes.
This person actually sent me a picture of the 2DX Red Booklet that actually shows the
lyrics here to Injection of Love, and sure enough, something, something in Japanese,
touch me, something, something, lick me, something, something, stroke me.
She's supposed to be saying, stroke me.
Okay, so keeping that in mind, here we go again, I'm going to play you the vocal version
of Injection of Love, that little piece here.
You tell me, fuck or stroke, you be the judge.
That's clearly an F. That is clearly an F.
that is not stroke me fuck me does not sound like stroke me unless you have some
weird fucking accent that's all I gotta say if she pronounces her S's like F's
like we're gonna go club some baby feels or we're gonna I don't yeah it doesn't
work I'm sorry I don't care what the lyric book says thank you for sharing
the restaurant is down the feet I don't know I do a print I do appreciate you
sharing the lyric book though at least um I know she was drunk if he Oh sauna
sauna because I remember when I was drunk at Dave and Bester's and I called
my food a chili feet steak all right it was a silly cheesesteak
mpq and chat room says a kiriyamoka said stroke but sauna said fuck discussion
over I can agree with that sauna butchered the lyrics to injection of
love. It makes for a good Bimani drama story. And then, of course, naturally that's followed
up. Leave this to our chat room with Sakurina saying, a Kiryamoka must have big balls. You
guys are so immature. All right, anyway. Balls! Shut up. I know you're talking about the drink,
right? All right. Yeah. Balls. Yeah. I want to talk about, I want to talk about Pump It
I want to talk about one more thing too. No, I want to talk about Pump It Up first.
What do you want to talk about?
Okay, so this is the first time I got, well yesterday I got a sandwich at Rayleigh's.
That was okay.
Today I got a sandwich and they were like, what kind of turkey would you want?
I'm like, I thought there was only one kind of turkey, you know?
The bird turkey.
So I am all, I just want that one because it looked like the turkey I normally get.
Well this is salsa turkey.
Now I don't know what the difference is, but it's sort of dipped in salsa.
It's a Mexican turkey?
turkey? I guess. I didn't know there were Mexican turkeys. Is there a lambada turkey
in a... More importantly, is it tasty? Foxtrot? It tastes like salsa, partially. Imagine that.
That doesn't sound yummy. Anyways, go ahead. Oh, thank you. I actually had a music video
game. I don't know if you guys remember, but we did create this show to talk about music
video games. When do I get bored of the game? Pump It Up. I want to talk about Pump It Up.
Huge news in Pump It Up and I don't think
many people notice this. Something was released on Xbox Live for Pump It Up this
week and it's the
Pump It Up Step Chart Editor.
It's something that you download on Xbox Live and when I say download it's
actually very similar to the way the characters in UltraMix 2 were
unlocked
where you're basically downloading a code or something that
unlocks it inside the game because it's only a five block file
and I have a hard time believing that a step editor would fit in five blocks of data.
Um, you download this thing and then you suddenly have a step editor available to you in Pump
It Up.
No big deal, right?
It just puts it up there on the level with DDR.
You can create your own steps to songs.
And in fact, the editor in Pump It Up is a hell of a lot like the DDR editor, but, you
know, with pump arrows.
Um, but here's the really interesting thing that I think might have slipped through some
of the cracks and some people didn't notice.
Not only can you edit the steps to songs in Pump It Up, but you can create brand new step
files to songs loaded on your Xbox hard drive.
You can use the custom soundtrack feature to create
your own arrows to songs that you rip to your hard drive.
So finally, we have this game out there that allows you to
create steps to your own music, which is something
people have been wanting in DDR for a long time.
That's pretty cool.
Licensing issues, of course, make that a nightmare.
Now obviously, you can't really take these files and
send them over the internet to other people.
I imagine there must be a way to do it using an Xbox memory
card, maybe.
I don't know enough about Xbox memory to know if you can
transfer, maybe one of our listeners knows, to know if
you can transfer a soundtrack, quote on quote, something you
rip on the CD, to take something that you rip on the
soundtrack to a memory card.
Obviously, you could take the step file and put it on your
memory card, but I don't know if you could take Soundtracks
and put it on a memory card.
So hypothetically, if you could do that, put the
soundtrack on the memory card and your step file on the
card, you could essentially give these to your friends via the memory card.
And here's the other cool thing about Pump It Up, putting your own songs, your own step
files, it has this preloaded background movie, so your song even has its own background movie,
which is kind of cool.
So, it's just a generic thing with like, you know, one of those rotating cubes and lights
and, you know, it's very...
Is it with the boobies?
It's not the booby law, unfortunately.
It's not the booby law.
But somehow a lot of people didn't notice this.
I mean, it was actually announced on the official
Pump It Up website.
This actually came out on the 29th.
And Miklotov and I were just randomly serving the internet
this morning.
And he was like, wait a minute.
Did you realize that they put this all out there?
So we hooked up Xbox Live.
And sure enough, we just went on and downloaded it.
So if you own Pump It Up Exceed for Xbox, I don't think
this exists in the PS2 version.
This only exists in the Xbox version, as far as I know.
Check it out.
Well, obviously, it wouldn't matter, because PS2 doesn't
you to have custom soundtracks. Check it out. Rip your own music to the Xbox hard drive.
It's very easy to do within the Xbox. In fact, I actually, what I did, I burned a CD from
iTunes and just ripped it on my Xbox, so I have like a mix of music. But I understand
that not all Xboxes will read burned CDs, because from what Mikolatov was telling me,
his Xbox won't read burned CDs.
Ours will either.
That's weird. Mine will.
It also depends on the quality of the CD that you use.
be. He's theorizing this because I have the Halo Xbox, that maybe somehow the drive in
mine is different and it allows it to read the burned disc. I don't know. But that's
one thing. So before you try that, realize that your Xbox may not read the burned thing
and rip it to the custom soundtrack, but I'm hoping you still have some legitimate CDs
in your collection out there, boys and girls, so you can certainly rip those.
Very very interesting.
So I think a lot of people didn't really realize that because I don't think a lot of people
are following what's going on in the Pump It Up scene, but that's what we're here at
Orange Lounge Radio to do, so have fun with that.
Go dig up your copy of Pump It Up and have fun making your own steps there.
be interesting. Oh, somebody in the chat room is actually telling me, Rontan is actually
saying that there are three different types of Xbox drives. So possibly I have one of
the ones that will let you read the burned CDs, whereas the old Xboxes don't do that.
I don't know. Anyway. Now of course a lot of our chat room is using this opportunity
to say, Andamiro wins, Andamiro F'd Konami in the A, Andamiro loves us long time, Andamiro
yay yay yay, and of course I realize this is a feature people have been wanting for
forever, but did Andamiro serve Konami? Is this gonna revolutionize things? I say no.
You know why I say no? Because you can't share these files. There's no easy way. I'm sure
hacker people out there that know how to get to the raw files on the Xbox hard drive and
would therefore be able to rip the files, copy them, and send them over the internet
to somebody else who would know how to load them onto their hard drive. But that's not
the normal Xbox user. So I don't think a lot of people are going to be able to do much
with these custom things they make, and so I don't think it's going to be a widely used
thing. I actually don't, I mean, I don't, it's kind of a bitch to create your own step
file and pump it up, especially from a song because, to put this in perspective, the song,
track number one was Endless Day by Echo Image on my custom soundtrack, so we decided to
try and make a step file of that. Well, not only do you have to figure out the BPM, although
Pump It Up does have a little thing where you can tap the X button on each beat and
it'll calculate what the average beat per minute is you're clicking, so you can kind
of figure out the BPM that way. But the problem is you have to set the delay as well, and
And that was a real bitch for us to figure out the delay, because there was no easy way
for us to, like, there was no press the X button when the song starts type thing, so
we had to actually calculate in time the delay.
So it was kind of a bitch to do.
But once we got it, it was pretty cool.
But I don't know how many people are going to take the time to do that, just to play
their own song.
I don't know.
Maybe I'm underestimating what people want to do out there.
There's a whole Simphile community that has to do it the same way, so...
Yeah, but the thing about the SymFile community is that you can zip those up, send them on the internet very easily.
StepMania practically endorses that kind, I mean, they don't endorse it, I guess, but they thrive on that type of distribution, basically.
Is that, you know, you even have, what, the SM zip file?
You know, an archive file that's specifically made for StepMania, which is the way, what, like FoodMix and stuff was distributed, right?
Yeah, it's just a zip file with some other program that runs it.
basically.
So yeah, it is the same as making a SIM file.
But at the same time, a SIM file is very easy to get out
there and share.
And let's face it, I think that's what motivates people.
It's because people want to share what they've done.
I think one way that this could be improved upon is for
Ann DeMuro to set up a database very similar to what
UltraMix 2 had, where users can submit their own step
files and then share it with each other.
Now the problem is, of course, you
wouldn't be able to share the music because that's
all type of copyright laws.
But if you had maybe like, you say,
this is track one on the latest garbage album or something.
And then, assumably, if everybody
ripped the same track, it would all be the same, right?
I don't know.
Does you kind of understand what I'm saying?
I don't know.
Maybe not so feasible, but it's a way
to do it legally where you could distribute the SIM files.
So go figure.
So I don't know.
I don't really think I'll be really using this feature
for anything else.
I tried it once.
It's cute.
But I don't really want to make my own step files to dance to,
because I'll be able to beat it too easy if I made it.
I don't have Pump It Up.
You should get it.
It's surprisingly good.
I got a free game, though, while Dan was in Texas.
And what's that?
I have Taiko Drum Master.
Oh, Taiko Drum Master.
How's that?
Well, I haven't opened mine yet, but I've played other people's.
I kind of want the Japanese one, just because of the other songs in it.
But he picked up the Red Octane drum thing.
So I'm going to do a comparison of them so that I can talk about it on the show.
I've been hearing from a lot of people that the Red Octane one is highly inferior
to, of course, the official stuff. But then again, that happens with most any.
Right, well I mean when they're trying to sell it cheaper, they're going to use cheaper
parts.
I look at it, it's a cheap knockoff. All their products are cheap knockoffs.
At least it wasn't as bad as the rave disc man.
The what?
The two triangles that were the 2DS controller?
Oh, that.
Very interesting.
All right, um...
Okay, we're going to... I think we're going to open up the Skypoint pretty soon here.
I don't want to go to another break just yet, so I guess we'll go into the next topic.
Let's talk about what's been going on, of course, with DDR Extreme 2.
Now, Loki, have you gotten to play Extreme 2 at all?
Yeah, I haven't.
We haven't really talked about our thoughts on the game yet.
So I'm kind of curious because I want the listeners
to be able to give their feedback when we come back
from the next break on the Skype line.
So we should share what we think of Extreme 2.
So what do you think?
How is Extreme 2?
I like it.
I just got the play up for like one night, though.
Haven't really gotten to play too much of it,
but unlocked like quite a few things.
Yeah, in the dance master mode?
Yeah.
That's pretty cool.
I like the way they're doing that.
The hidden steps that are in there,
So that's kind of a throwback to the old Guitar Freaks, you know, first mix.
I wish they'd do that with the rest of the songs, like, instead of just one step, have a bunch of them in there.
That'd be kind of neat.
Um, and then, just some of the, um, well the characters I couldn't give a crap about.
I think that the fact that they buy their other outfits for like $100,000 is retarded.
I mean, I'm like, hmm, should I buy one outfit or 20 songs?
That's a tough one there.
Yeah, the outfits are something I think you save up for and get later on with the points.
But I do like the whole shop thing and the way you unlock songs that way.
So that way it's like, well, I don't want to unlock that song, so I'm going to save my points and unlock another one.
Exactly. Like, I was pretty much passing up a lot of the stuff that I've had, you know, played to death before in other DDR versions.
Like Air. I didn't bother to buy Air. I already have that in extreme Japan, so I saved up the money and bought Inside Your Heart instead.
kind of interesting, that I could choose to unlock things.
Yeah, about Inside Your Heart and some of those other ones.
Polytary Can't Sing.
That's not Polytary in that song.
Okay, I know that.
Right.
But Polytary Can't Sing.
Oh right, you know, we'll probably hear that.
Which is true.
Yeah.
Polytary Can't.
I'm talking about the new songs that she did.
Passion of Love.
Yeah, Passion of Love.
That was crap.
I was like, oh wow, everything that happened with Orbitribe just like went down the tubes,
just went back to like sucking it up, you know.
I just was amazed at how much she really sucked on the
long gun
I think she's alright on there. I think she's actually pretty good on there.
A woman can't hold a key.
Her teacher should have just
you know, smacked some ability to stay in tune into her, but no.
She was supposed to be professionally trained in my ass.
I can fart in key better than she can sing in key, okay?
Alright.
uh...
well they say that uh...
extreme to you know a lot of people are pitching because sakura and i think i
had their backgrounds changed all while they translated to people can read it
who give the fuck i people are
why
i don't like the shape of the air
it's too well there are no you know it's what you know it's funny on the
background somebody posted on the
freak threat and i apologize i remember who posted that somebody said
Wouldn't it be funny if in UltraMix 3, the banners weren't changed?
FYI guys, Sakura and Daikankai were in the E3 demo of UltraMix 3, and from what I recall,
I would have noticed if they changed those banners.
They didn't change those banners in UltraMix 3.
So unless something changed between E3 and when this game comes out,
whatever that poster said is going to be absolutely right,
where Extreme 2 had their backgrounds changed, and Extreme 3...
It might just, they might, no. Extreme 2 and Ultramix, Extreme 2 had their backgrounds changed and Ultramix 3 did not.
Yeah, but the artwork, the artwork for the backgrounds is going to be the last thing. They're, of course, going to use whatever they have at the moment, you know, for the backgrounds.
So, who gives a crap? I mean, we're talking like, a few pixels here. I mean, who cares?
So what? It's translated. Big deal. It's an American game now.
But, she has Sakura tattooed on her face, which makes no sense now. I know.
Well, it's probably not a tattoo. It's probably just the fucking name of the song.
If they were going to translate it, they just would have put Cherry.
I guess that's true. They could have done worse. They could have just given us the English names of the songs.
Huh? Could have been worse. You know what is interesting about speaking of Sakura?
I actually haven't gotten to the song yet. I've only been reading fan feedback on DDRFreak.
But you notice that the background videos are all totally different and extreme too.
too there's no it looks like they don't use the looping thing anymore like you
know how now you like that you would go like video a for a little bit and then
video B go to the spinning Beethoven's okay now go to the little plasma looking
thing they're all their own videos now yeah they're all like all full videos
now some of them are featuring the looping video stuff but a lot of them
featured the backgrounds as well like I noticed in happy wedding and irresistible
lot they were different and what was the other one that really used a lot of
Well, like, La Copa Da Vida has a lot of soccer themes running through it, and the one that
Against All Odds is kind of cool, it just has like a very 70s-looking art piece with
a woman and hair blowing around and stuff, so it's kind of neat.
I like how they did that with all the different...
It's a step in the right direction.
Yeah, it's cool.
It's cool.
It's very interesting that only one song in the whole game has, well, at least that I've
gotten to so far, but I haven't heard of any others, one song in the whole game has an
actual music video and that's Get Busy which is probably one of the most
well, one of my least favorite songs to play in DDR. Let's put it that way.
Not a big Get Busy fan. You know what song that is, right? The reggae one?
Not a big fan of Get Busy.
Interesting point though, reading in our chat room over at OrangeLunchRadio.com
click on chat
Sakurina says, why did they do that though? Because Kakumei
was left as is. So why did they change this but not that?
I don't know. Interesting thought. Who cares?
Why are you guys putting this much thought into it? Who cares?
My thoughts on Extreme- It's not tattooed
on her fucking face, it's just the logo
that happens to be on her face. Doesn't mean it's tattooed on her face
because who the hell would tattoo a word on their face? That's retarded.
I honestly think that they should have left it as Kanji, because with any sort of sense of logic would assume that if you're playing a song with a Japanese title and you see Kanji, that typically it's probably going to be the same thing. So, duh!
I know, I know.
There has to be somebody pretty stupid in their localization department at Konami.
Snare has a comment there, Palavastian Dances and Chorus has its own full music video too.
I say that's kind of borderline because that's a Konami original and all the video is clips from the game that that song is featured in, which is Oz.
And Oz, from what I understand, isn't actually going to be coming out here. It's only going to be a Japanese release, I think. I don't remember.
It's very interesting that this is the first mix that they've released that isn't an arcade port, basically.
So, it kind of has its own video, I guess, although I think it's what game footage would it be.
Nah, it's like CG footage. It's like cutscenes, maybe.
Well, yeah, cutscenes stuff. That's what I meant.
Let's see. My thoughts on Extreme 2.
Jeez, it's very interesting that this is the first mix that they've released that isn't
an arcade port, basically.
Like even when you look at Extreme, the last one they released here in the US, Extreme,
even though they radically changed the interface and everything, I think for a lot of people
it was still our version of the port of the Extreme arcade mix, right?
So this is really the first game where there's been no arcade mix to base it off of.
So you really, I think, see that evolution from a game that is a translation of an arcade
game for the home mixes, to a game that is specifically made to be played on a home mix.
And I think that's why it centers so strongly around Dance Master Mode, because that's a
very single-player, adventure, conquest type, here's a goal, a long-term goal to get from
point A to point B that you can't really do in an arcade game.
So I think it's really interesting to kind of see that transition now from...
I think this is really the first true transition that we see from DDR as an arcade series to
now DDR as a home series with Dance Master Mode.
So is that a good thing or a bad thing for the series?
I don't know.
I mean, they kept an arcade-like thing in there still by having the free mode, which,
you know, basically has the look and feel of a DDR arcade game, but it's just very interesting
that now the focus is on Dance Master Mode, because if you don't play through Dance Master
mode, you're not going to really unlock a lot of songs. So I thought it was very interesting
that the only songs that are available at the outset is the licensed songs. So, and
I guess that's a lot of the songs that somebody who doesn't really follow DDR or play a lot
of DDR, those would be the songs that, you know, they would get a kick out of. So that's
why that's the initial song list, I'm pretty sure. And it's like all these Konami originals
that are hidden in there are just kind of like bonuses for the hardcore people that
that are willing to play through Dance Master Mode.
So it's very interesting.
But I have heard comments from casual players of DDR
that's like, boy, there's really not many songs in this.
And then I'm like, well, you've got
to play through Dance Master Mode.
And they're like, oh, I just wanted to get in there
and go into workout mode.
So very interesting.
So I like the game.
It's cool.
It's just different.
It's a different direction for the series.
I think I like it, though.
somebody who's a DDR fan. If I was somebody who was buying DDR mixes just to have house
parties though, I'd be kind of ticked off at this mix because it's not, there's not
a lot to it. If you just buy it to play it once in a while, you know, let's get drunk
and play DDR. I'd probably be a little irritated with it because there's not a lot of songs
to choose from.
But even though I'd say the casual person doesn't like playing, you know, all the stuff,
I'm sure that they're not that great at DDR. You can play through the, you know, the Mission
mode type stuff you know and you can actually it starts off you know
beginner stuff and goes all the way to really hard so now there you go you can
get better yeah that's true the dance master mode is kind of a way for you to
get better it actually reminded me a lot of 2dx what the hell they call that in
2dx the real mode trial mode drill drill mode thank you drill mode in 2d x6 style
they have that drill mode and I think it was in fifth style as well where you
could you it was like you know play these little sections of songs and meet
these certain qualifications like it's kind of like they took drill mode and
and really changed it and drill mode really helped me get better at 2dx it
really did so it would be very interesting that this dance master mode
could really get you better at DDR but it's still kind of weird to have all the
unlocks only available by playing the dance master mode to death I mean I
there's rumors that there's time releases as well but I don't know I
I don't know. No. I do like the, um, Hidden Roads and stuff like that. Those are pretty cool. Yeah. We're gonna have to find them. Yeah.
I like Spider Stomp. I'm sorry, I haven't played it. I wish I could contribute more to that. That's alright.
Well, you could maybe borrow my copy later this week or something if you wanna check it out. I don't know when I would play it.
Spider Stomp is an excellent game. Just, there's no music, so. It sucks.
I have Puyo Puyo to keep me happy on the maim, so.
But I'm gonna, um, we're, uh, discussing, though, buying a DDR machine.
Speaking of which, um, I'm not sure if you saw that I posted,
I went and opted to get the correct popping music buttons for my popping music controller,
so they're gonna be arcade-style.
Very cool.
Can't wait for that to be done.
I wanna try to build one for myself, like, so that I can actually play on something other than the dinky pad.
that would be easy just the buttons are like 70 bucks cheaper than 400 yeah yeah
you show me how to I'll do it there's a fact I'll email it okay all right we're
gonna go to a break guys when we come back from this break we're gonna go to
the Skype line we're gonna open it up to your calls and hear what you guys think
about Dance Dance Revolution Xtreme 2 as well as I'm really curious to hear what
you guys think about this new pump it up edition that kind of slipped under the
radar there. I want to hear you guys' feedback on that. So check it out. OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Interact with us if you want to give us a call after this break. And starting off this
break, it's the favorite of Orange Lounge Radio, Politary with Naoki with Passion of
Love starting off this set. Also in this break, we're going to hear Polofsy in Dance and Chorus,
Seduction, which you guys have been begging me to play since the beginning of the show,
so you'll get that, as well as Silence in this break. We'll be back after this with
more Orange Lounge Radio.
I don't want to be into you, any of you that I can do
I don't want to be into you all the time, my baby
I try to break the rules, this passion that finds me
But what, what can I do when it's just you I see?
I'm so head over heels over you
There ain't nothin' I can't do I'm so totally into you, over you
My baby, totally into you What am I supposed to do?
I'm so head over heels over you, over you My baby, yeah
I, my god, have to face the odds
And I, for all the glory I,
I am a new story for the rest of life
And if I, the key is to get past
Thanks for watching!
Thank you.
Thank you.
You're tuned in to Orange Lounge Radio, radio dedicated to video games and what gamers really
want to know. For live up-to-the-minute gaming news and for more information on our interactive
live programs, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
I'll find you free, free
Yeah, I want a sense of love
And I want it to be there
I'll get to know you
When my making me suspect
Oh
Okay, we're back here on Orange Lawns Radio.
people remind me in the future not to reset the router while we're trying to
broadcast so that Loki can get on our wireless network with the PSP. My bad, my
bad kids. So since that was kind of my bad and I dropped a lot of you guys
during the song that like everybody in chat was like OMG waiting for, here it is
once again one more time seduction
Hey
Hello, kids, we're back. Okay, stop complaining, you got to hear a seduction. My bad, people.
God, we all make mistakes. Some of us more than others, granted, but we all make mistakes.
Anyway, I'm looking at this really cool new thing that
Loki was a big part of putting together along with one of our
other behind-the-scenes people, VX JasonXV, and it's
very pretty.
And I think we're going to announce it tonight on the
podcast. I just have to check with Jason to make sure
everything's good to go.
Yeah?
Yeah.
So that's exciting.
So if you're not subscribed to our podcast, check that out
over on orangelawnsradio.com.
Click on Orange Lawns Radio To Go Edition.
And it has much more information about how to
subscribe to our podcast.
And also on tonight's podcast, we're going to reveal who
submitted the winning haiku that's going to win the copy
of In the Groove that was autographed by all of us.
And?
And who?
And where's Roto?
No.
And the added bonus, which I picked up last minute.
Oh, really?
That was the brand new t-shirt, which says, in the
courtroom.
Oh, did you get that?
I got one for myself and one for the winner.
Wow, awesome.
So somebody is going to win an In The Courtroom shirt, which is...
What is this?
It's the In The Groove logo, but it says In The Courtroom.
In The Courtroom.
That's beautiful.
All right.
So check that out.
So somebody's going to win the In The Groove thing and the In The Courtroom t-shirt.
And also, Miklotov wanted to throw some prizes in as well.
Silent Hill 3 stickers.
We're going to send the winner a Silent Hill 3 sticker.
Not only the winner, the person who wins the In The Groove haiku contest, but also we're
we're going to send that to the people that won. Fireboma won one of our V-rares, or two
of our V-rares last week. He won an Extreme 2V-rare and a Max 2V-rare. He's going to actually
get a Silent Hill 3 sticker as well, and whoever we draw tonight on the podcast is going to
get a sticker as well. And Miklotov gave us like 10 stickers, so we're going to just give
them all away with other prizes that we give out later on throughout this month.
I'm thinking there will be another contest to go with the announcement that we'll make
on the podcast later as well.
Super! We got tons of giveaway crap going on. I love it.
Cleaning house. I love it. We're going to give away stuff. Let's give away the ferret.
No, no, no. We already gave away a ferret. And there was like three other ones.
Oh, did we throw them all away? Ferret. Hidden.
I don't know, yeah. Anyways, they're in my butt.
Alright, Skypline's open and people are already hammering us on the Skypline, so
if you want to call, head on over to
orangelandradio.com and click on interact with us and we'll go to our first call.
Hello!
You're on Orange Launch Radio.
Hello, Sephiroth1215 here. Hello, Sephiroth1215, what's on your mind?
Uh, basically just extreme too, but uh...
My first thought...
My first thought was like,
why was I playing in the groove over the summer?
I don't know, why?
Well, I don't know, it just kind of revives the DDR back for me at least.
Except for the arcades of course, but still.
Well, you know, I'm the one out of the three of us that doesn't hate on In the Groove
as much. You know, In the Groove for me was exactly
like you were kind of referring to here. In the Groove was holding me over between
real DDR. It's kind of how I felt about In the Groove.
It's kind of like, well, this is, you know, it's like, it's, it's, I can't believe it's
not DDR. But, you know, it worked for me, and it kind
of held me over. So I don't fault anybody for getting in In
the Groove or whatever. And you know what?
Even after this, there's still going to be people that are more into In The Groove than
they are DDR, and you know, that's just fine.
If you are into running in place for 13 Arrow songs and stuff, hey, hats off to you.
But unfortunately, my personal opinion of In The Groove, and this is my personal opinion
and whatever, is that unfortunately I think In The Groove was so damn busy making hard
steps to their songs that they didn't license any good music.
And to look at DDR Extreme 2's song list, which is pretty phenomenal and really sucks
the fans' collective cock in every way, I mean honestly, every fan bitching that was
going on on DDR Freak was really granted with this mix.
Maybe not everything, but let's face it, the people that were whining and bitching that
they never got Erotic, they got it.
The people that were whining and bitching that they were never going to get Cartoon
Heroes, they got it.
The people that were bitching they were never going to get Sakura and Daikonkai, they got
got it. I'll be a little bit butchered, but they got it. So this mix really delivered
to the fans in every way, I think. I don't know. I'm sorry, it's your call, not my monologue.
I keep cutting you off. What are your other thoughts on Extreme?
Well, first of all, yeah. I was really pissed about the Injection of Love thing. Because
it came up randomly and I was happy, I was excited. I'm like, oh, what's Hina mean? And
all the lyrics are just gone, which has kind of ruined the song.
I like how, I think somebody on Freak put it this way, is that somebody said,
imagine you've never heard the 2DX Red version, and I realize it's hard to do
because you have heard the 2DX Red version, but imagine for a minute you haven't heard the 2DX Red version,
as a standalone song, it's not that bad.
There's been worse songs in DDR, although I agree it's a little disappointing for the
lyrics to be cut out of the song, but, you know, there's, all I can tell you is that there's
a reason for everything so there's probably a really good reason why it
turned out the way it did. Well if it's a reason for censoring I think it's poor
because some of the other songs they're like get busy or even the erotic song I
mean I thought they weren't gonna censor anything after that since they got an E10 rating. Think of it
this way though maybe it wasn't done for censoring everybody's assuming it was
done for censoring but what if it wasn't? We don't really know so just
I'm just hoping maybe I'll put in like UltraMix 3 or something, since they're probably better
on that.
Which kind of reminds me, the Quest Mode in UltraMix 3 is probably going to be similar
in some sort to this Mission Mode.
I was kind of wondering, I kind of thought about that too, that you know, I'm wondering
if the Quest Mode in UltraMix 3 is going to be the very central part of the game, such
as Dance Master Mode was in this Dance Dance Extreme 2, but I don't think it will be, because
honestly from what I played at E3, and granted, a lot can change from E3 to the home release
because UltraMix II at last year's E3 sucked humongous, hairy, extra-for-love-and-balls,
okay? But the version that they ended up releasing is probably one of the best DDR mixes that
they've ever put out, and in my opinion, I think the song list in UltraMix II is better
than Extreme II's, but I realize, you know, not everybody shares the same opinion. But
but Ultramix 2 is phenomenal when they released it. But, Ultramix 3 at E3 this year, I can
tell you, really didn't feel that much different from Ultramix 2. It was just Ultramix 2 with
new songs thrown in, and hey, this new little quest mode. So, I don't know.
Well yeah, I think it was explained before, is quest mode is probably going to be like
that mode in Virtua Fighter IV Evolution. Where you just go around different arcades
and fight people. Virtual Fighter IV Evolution, I didn't really
I didn't really play the Virtua Fighter. Oh, Jamie's making the gag face. I didn't really play Virtua Fighter.
I hate Virtua Fighter.
Oh. Sorry, we don't catch the reference because I don't really play a lot of fighting games.
I saw it. It was pretty, but I don't like Virtua Fighter.
What was the last fighting game I really liked? Oh, Capcom vs. SNK 2.
Tekken 5.
Tekken was okay.
Anyway, I need to get to some other calls, but do you have any other thoughts on DDR Extreme 2?
Not really. I think most people should buy it now.
If you're a fan of DDR, you need to have this game, period.
If you're a fan of music games, you need to have this game, period.
If you're a casual, hey, I like to play DDR when I'm drunk,
you're probably not listening to this show, for one.
But if that does happen to be you, you may not be so into this mix.
I would recommend if you're going to start somewhere,
like if you're a brand new, I'm brand new to DDR,
I want to start somewhere in the series,
I actually think Max 2 is the place to start for me.
but I don't know, it's a toss up. It's tough. One other thing I want to ask you, Sephiroth1215,
what do you think about the Pump It Up custom soundtrack feature?
All right, I guess it's okay. I mean, it's not something I would probably use, but I
mean, still, there's still a possibility it's going to be the next UltraMix, or even so.
I mean, they said the 360, if it goes onto the 360, every 360 game is going to use the
custom soundtrack feature. So I'm sure they're going to have to throw it in somehow.
Really? I didn't know about that, that every game was supposed to use the custom soundtrack
feature. That's going to be kind of cool. Okay. Well, we'll see. I don't see how we
can't, if DDR is selling as well as everybody says it is, I say UltraMix or some version
of Xbox DDR on the 360 is inevitable. So maybe Konami now has something to dare to achieve
in their Xbox series. Who knows? We'll see.
Alright, well we're going to let you go. I'm going to get to another call, but have a good
night and thanks for calling, alright?
Alright, you too.
Alright, take care.
Bye.
Bye-bye.
Let's go to another call. Is it loud enough in the studio for you, Dorksucker, or do I
need to turn it up a little bit?
I couldn't hear it.
I'm sorry.
a little let me turn it up a little bit for you. Alright, let's go to another call. I'm
going to take, I don't think we've heard from this one in a while. Hello, you're on Orange
Lawn's radio. Hello. Hello, yes, you're on Orange Lawn's radio. Hey, this is Dark Knight.
Hey, Dark Knight, how you doing? Hello. Hey. What about the online mode on DDR EX2? Yeah,
we didn't talk a lot about online mode. I haven't played a whole lot of it, but what's
What's up?
I tried it.
It has a major flaw, and that is you cannot pick your opponent, nor can you pick the song
to play against, to play against with them.
That's kind of weird.
I mean, I guess, yeah, it's kind of one of those things where, well, it's DDR's first
adventures into the PlayStation Online realm, which, from what I understand, is just not,
well, you know, from a player perspective, the Sony Online network is just not as good
as Xbox Live.
I mean, it's just not as set up as well as Xbox Live is.
So I'm kind of not surprised that the online features aren't as good.
But yeah, that is kind of weird that you can't even pick your song, of all things.
Yeah, but I mean, it was OK.
But as far as the game play went, it was all right.
It was pretty synced up.
Really?
Yeah, it was pretty synced up when I played my match.
It was synced with the song I was playing.
I'm going to have to get on there and kick some ass on DER.
Can you tell if people are using a controller or not?
No, you really can't.
Excellent.
I'm a button, button master.
I'm going to get on there and kick some butt.
I think I'll play against somebody and keep playing on Heavy, and I killed him.
Awesome.
See, I feel kind of bad for admitting to that, but at the same time, you know they're all
playing on controller.
You know they're all...
Maybe there's one or two guys out there playing on a dance pad on Heavy, and props to you
guys for having the guts to do it, but come on.
all playing on controller. Especially on the soft pad, that's impossible to play heavy
on the soft pad. It is. That's my problem is that honestly it's too hard to play. When
you're playing for ranking as well, certainly, I have this problem on Xbox Live as well is
that I have a really hard time playing heavy matches on a dance pad because I have problems
hitting my down arrow a lot of times. So I do not like playing heavy songs. I will still
play light and standard songs on a dance pad against someone on a controller
because on Xbox you can see what they're using. But if they're using a control...
whoa we just had a major net split on IRC and I think I split from the rest of
the chat room but hopefully they'll reconnect soon. Anyway just want to give
that update. Yeah I mean like I said I mean other than that the normal mode
yeah there's match mode pretty good fast way to open the songs a little more
quicker. But at the same time though, it depends on the player's skill on a home pad because
right now I'm just working on the B-chords right now. I ain't even hit the hard levels
yet.
I've actually been pretty good about sticking to playing Dance Master mode strictly on a
dance pad because I want to get back into actively playing DDR. When I say actively
meaning like I'm actually exercising by doing it, what little I will be able to exercise
playing DDR, so I've been actually doing it on the S-FAB, but even there's that one
occasional mission that I just cannot do without the controller, and those are, the
one for me that I have to use a controller for is the one where, and you
probably haven't seen these yet, but you'll see these when you get into D, is
that there'll be some missions that say, step on a hundred and fifty arrows, but
not any of the arrows that are actually in the step chart. If you step on one of
them, if you step on one of the arrows that are actually in the step chart, you
lose I think it's one somebody said I think so get FAQ say if you step on the
down arrows you will fail there's another yes there's another mission like
that too where you can't step on any down arrows and it's really hard to do
like some of that stuff is just super I could not do I tried doing that mission
on a dance pad I could not get 150 notes to register with my feet so I think one
song where you have to typically play bad to pass yeah there's there's a whole
bunch of weird stuff there in dance master mode so I was like what do I have
I'm going to literally get a D to set this up.
Okay, I'll just step off.
It's good attack.
One other thing I want to ask you, Dark Knight,
before we go to another call,
what do you think about the Pump It Up thing,
the custom soundtrack thing on Pump It Up?
That's just like a major,
maybe it might be a major coke of IE hot coffee,
but A, to eat his own.
So are you saying that kids everywhere now
can make step files to porn soundtracks, or?
The only thing I can think of though, Xbox Live you can't upload.
Can you?
I think.
How? I don't know how to do it.
You can upload if the game allows it, but Pump It Up doesn't allow it.
Ultra Mix 2 does though.
Does?
Yeah, Ultra Mix 2 does.
Maybe somebody in Mike can find a code for it.
You never know. You never know what might happen.
If Microsoft really does plan on setting up this big music store for their 360 that's going to compete with iTunes or whatever,
which is a big rumor, they're going to set up their own music store to compete with iTunes via the 360,
wouldn't that be interesting that not only could you download the song,
but then you could also have, hey, you could have this fan step chart in DDR that you download with it.
I don't know that would be kind of cheesy, but I could see it happening. I don't know might be a way to do it
All right, anyway. We're gonna let you go see what we can get you another call
But thank you so much for calling in tonight and have a good one all right night late up
All right, let's go to another call one more guys before break
Hello, you're on orange on the radio. Hey, what's up is Ron. Hello Ron channel. Hello
Hey, oh, what's up? Hey, not not too much. Just you know been playing the hell out of extreme, too
I've been playing the older mixes. As soon as I get a job, I'll pick up Extreme 2 and have fun with that.
Okay, so you're still on the older mixes. That's alright.
Yeah, I'm following what's going on. Everybody's bitching this song because I did it.
Look, if you want this song that badly, buy the import or shut the fuck up.
Yeah, I don't see... People are always going to find something to complain about. That's just inevitable.
But this mix is pretty solid, honestly.
Overall, you can't make people happy. You know, that's all it is.
That's true.
But let's take a little step from DDL. Let's do a little power power.
In case you haven't heard, I went to the Yoko Ishida concert in New York City today.
Ah! How was that?
It was awesome. I'm posting pictures from the concert.
It was a free concert at the Manhattan Mall.
It took about 100 pictures, and if you go through the pictures, you'll see a lot of
people up there power powering as well.
Oh, that is so gay.
No, that's cool.
No, it's great.
I didn't power power because I was too busy taking pictures and stuff.
Uh-huh.
I had fun, but one thing that always pisses me off is the fact that when they don't have
any type of anime or video game gathering or whatever, you have to have one fanboy that
pisses you off.
You just want to strangle him, and your friends are like, no, don't.
not worth it. I'm looking at some of these pictures very randomly on the site. Oh, don't
they look cute? You were up near the front, weren't you? Yeah. If you look at this one
picture I'm about to post, this is when I got my Power Power Mix CDs signed and stuff
like that. All right on. Go you. And the one before that's my friend Aaron. We pushed him
onto the stage so he could do Power Power as well. How many people were at this thing?
Okay, there was about 40 people downstairs. Now, everybody around the first and second floors is about 100 or so.
I mean, it was just so awesome. Words you really can't describe per se, but I did find somebody that videotaped it, so I'm trying to get a copy of the footage of the concert.
Oh, yeah, I remember that guy. I met that guy when I was in Jersey.
Yeah, Aaron. The fanboy.
Alrighty. Awesome. He looks very happy to be with those three sexy ladies there.
Awesome. Awesome.
What we did was after we took the pictures, we went back and wished Yoko Ishida a happy birthday because her birthday is this Friday.
Oh, right on.
And I also found out that supposedly she's going to be on live with Regis and Kathy Lee. No, Regis and Kelly doing Power Power this Friday.
No way.
Way.
That's gonna be awesome.
That's what I've heard.
Big props to Ron-chan, by the way, because that's the first time in about five years
where I said, no way, and then I got the response, way.
But it's the little things in life that amuse me.
That's great that they're going to do some Para-para on Regis and Kelly, because you
know what?
The audience for Regis and Kelly is like my grandma, okay?
So they're so not going to get it, but I'm so going to TiVo that.
Wow.
Is there a TiVo that too?
Just like that, there's a comment in the chatroom, somebody needs to TiVo that.
I will TiVo it.
Or Comcast ghetto knockoff TiVo, whatever they call it.
I will...
You do realize, somebody's going to TiVo it, and it's going to end up on a torrent site
somewhere.
Good, because we need to do...
We haven't done movie time on Orange Lounge Radio in like months, so we need a good thing
to skewer, so I'm excited.
Oh, speaking of movies, one of my friends saw Serenity.
This is what he said.
Yeah?
I liked Serenity when it was called Outlaw Star.
I've heard people complaining that it's way too similar to certain animes out there.
Here comes X to purr the weed and whore.
Uh-oh.
What?
I just grabbed the mic.
Serenity?
I just grabbed Serenity so I automatically started for the mic.
Is it a rip-off of popular animes?
I have no clue because I don't watch anime.
But if it is, it's really good and I recommend it.
Watch your nearest theater.
I saw the first episode of Buffy and I was like, this is a rip-devil-hunting orko.
Well, I don't know. I guess it happens. What can you say?
You know, maybe he was indirectly inspired. Maybe it's a fancy coincidence. I don't know.
But there was the whole show that preceded it, so it's kind of tough to decide that your movie is going to rip it off after the fact.
Well, from what I understand, the series ripped off Outlaw Star and Cowboy Bebop.
Every good everybody steals from somebody. Yeah, that is true. Imitation is the finest form of flattery, right? Mm-hmm
All right, we're gonna go ahead and let you go Ron Chan, so thank you so much for calling in. Okay. Peace
Take care fellas. Peace y'all. Have a good one. Super. Bye Dark Sakura. She actually had to run out to take a call real quick
She said bye.
Later
All right, we're gonna go to one more call here since I don't want to get into cage match with that Dark Sakura so
So, our old buddy Zaku is hammering the line.
Yeah, as always.
As always. What's on your mind?
Keep it!
I know you've got an opinion. If anybody's got an opinion on Xtreme 2, I know you've got one, so what is it?
Well, first of all, since I'm too broke to buy me a PS2, thus I don't have the game,
but I have been hearing around that it's pretty good that people, especially within the city,
There's a lot of city players I heard who are actually playing the game and actually
going through the hell of Dance Master Mode.
What do you think about Dance Master Mode?
Is it appropriate for DDR on a home mix, or should they have just stuck to the, make it
look like the arcade?
In other words, it only applies to one type of player, like a hardcore person, like a
seasoned DDR player, not like a newbie who basically hasn't heard a damn thing about
it.
They'll be shocked when they only see like what, 20, 25 songs in free mode when they
have like shitloads more, they have to literally put effort into getting them.
But I mean, is Dance Master Mode really that hard in the beginning anyway?
It depends.
I mean, from what I'm hearing, like certain challenges where you can't step on the original
arrows or you can't step on a particular arrow, which is basically an in-the-group rip-off
if you ask me.
Those, well now, wait a minute.
Like mines? Come on, you gotta admit, Konami's trying to play the mine cart in this one.
But Poison Arrows existed in UltraMix before that and other mission modes, so just like
when, you know, I could say that In the Groove ripped off the multiple arrow idea from either
Pump It Up or DDR Solo, both of all had multiple arrows, so it's, you know.
Yeah, but not more than two, how about more than two at the same time?
Actually, DDR Dancing Stage, or DDR First Mix, one of the songs that was supposed to be on there, had three arrows at one time.
But...
So, okay, the step charts for Dropout Maniac on DDR Solo has four. You have to hit four at once.
Hmm. All right. Anyways, MTV2 had their video mods thing on Friday.
How did that go? I couldn't catch the beginning, though, so I can't vouch for what they had for DDR Extreme 2.
So, you know, they're gonna air it again in about two and a half hours from now East Coast time.
So, I'll probably see that beginning part when they had it.
What the hell was the DDR reference on this thing?
I don't know because I couldn't catch the beginning of the video.
What good are you?
I'm just kidding.
I'm just kidding. As I said, you know, they're going to air it again in like 1.30 tonight,
so obviously I'm going to be able to stay up to see it, so I can't vouch for it now.
I'll set the TiVo. So we'll see. I wish I had a TiVo, but...
Besides... Zaku, I want to know your thoughts on the Pump It Up thing, the custom soundtrack.
Well, let me... obviously this is no surprise. Xbox is pretty much sold, you know, you could
You pretty much sell an Xbox on the whole idea of basically playing games with your
own tracks.
Except none of them use it.
Yes.
Well, but I've seen a lot of, there's some folks I know that actually use it in certain
games.
But anyways, the whole thing, it's too basic in other words.
Because it's not a robust step editor in my opinion.
You need something obviously to find the BPM, but also something to calculate the gap.
And something to assist you, to take every measure, so that way you can make your song
sync up.
And so it doesn't feel robust.
Well you gotta check out the pump editor though, it's very similar to a DDR editor, but just
with some extra stuff there to support the custom soundtrack.
Alright.
Yeah.
Zaku, I'm hanging up on you now, we got a cage match to get to.
Alright, later man.
Take care.
Bye.
Alright, we're going to get into the Orange Lounge Cage Match here momentarily there.
Interesting calls tonight, yeah?
Alright, I was trying to think if there's any other things, little pieces of news I wanted to get to.
I guess not, so why don't we get into the Orange Lounge Radio Cage Match, which I'm so not set up for, by the way.
Actually, I need somebody to stretch some time, because I'm so not set up for tonight's event.
The question is, has anyone actually played the Karaoke Revolution Party demo yet?
I haven't. No, I haven't because I can't find my microphone.
Jamie doesn't sing in public.
Well, you can play in the privacy of your own home, if you so choose.
I don't sing outside of my car.
I would play it if it had gorillas.
Karaoke Revolution, Automobile Edition.
Sing in your car?
Karaoke Revolution for your cell phone, maybe?
In fact, that's what they should have as one of the stages, you know, you're singing in your car or you're singing in your shower.
Oh yeah, because like how you sing in different locations, like you know, you're at the country bar and then you're at the Super Bowl or whatever it's called.
They should have the first stage that you're singing on the toilet or something.
They need to have like the toys level where you're in the bathroom at the toys factory from toys singing in the corner.
awesome I love that movie all right I'm ready for the cage matcher you guys yeah
sure all right let's do it let's get into tonight's orange lounge radio cage
match the way the cage match works boys and girls we're gonna put three songs in
and they're gonna do battle head-to-head against each other and you guys will
vote for your favorite and the winning song goes into rotation all week long on
orange lounge radios for Monte music and video game music program which plays 24
hours a day, seven days a week on this station when we're not here. It's your guys' vote
that makes or breaks the cage match. The rules for how a song gets put in cage match is we
have to want to put it in cage match. There's really no other rules. It doesn't have to
be a Bamani song. It doesn't have to be a 2005 song. It just has to be something cool
that we want to play on the air for you guys. So we're going to start off with last week's
winner of which you're only going to hear a clip of because it was last week's winner.
And it's going to be song number one you're going to hear tonight.
It's a remix of V from the Diverse Systems Collections.
Which Diverse Systems was this?
Eight?
Nine.
Nine.
This is last week's winner, Dorisia with V. Enjoy.
Gameplay
Song number one in tonight's cage match, V, a little remix there.
Alright, we're gonna get into the rest of the cage match tonight, and we're gonna go into song number two, which is Jamie's pick.
Jamie, I had a hard time figuring out what your pick was. Would you care to explain it here?
Um, I couldn't think of anything, cause I was busy doing my last bit of illustrator homework.
So this is from, uh, Team America World Police, the montage song. Cause I couldn't think of anything else.
Alright, so this is the montage song from Team America World Police, also featured in South Park.
This is a very random pick, I must say, but let's check it out.
I couldn't think of anything.
Alright, here it is. We're going to go into song number two tonight.
It is The Montage from Team America World Police.
The hour's approaching to give it your best, and you've got to reach your prime.
That's when you need to put yourself to the test, and show us the passage of time.
We're gonna need a mom time.
Mom time.
Oh, I need a mom time.
Mom time.
To show a lot of things happening at once Remind everyone of what's going on
And with every shot show a little improvement To show it won't take too long
That's called a montage Girl, we want a montage
And anything if you want to go From such a beginner to a pro
Frozen with a monster
Even Rocky had a monster
Monster
Monster
Anything if you want to go from just a beginner to a pro
You need a montage, ooh it takes a montage
Always fade out in a montage
If you fade out it seems like more time has passed in a montage
I'm so bro and green
Now song number two in tonight's cage match, Montage from Team America World Police. Definitely a random pick, but let's see, DarkSakura, what did you think of that on a scale of one to ten?
Ten, fuck yeah!
Extifer on a scale of one to ten.
I would give it a 9, because it's pretty funny. I've never seen Team America, because I don't know.
It's not as funny as South Park.
Okay. Well, I never got into South Park until this year, so I mean, if it's that kind of humor, I may like it. But that song was great.
Alright. Loki, your thoughts?
I started off as a 5, but it became a 9 because it gradually got better over time.
That's good.
Like a montage.
Like a montage, yeah, I get it.
My thoughts is that, damn, between your song and my song, we're practically handing Loki another victory tonight.
Are we going to need a montage for this?
Wait until you fucking see what I picked, alright?
But anyway, I thought-
Do I need to go hide?
I thought I was bad tonight, but this was pretty bad.
Did you all get a montage?
Yeah, funny enough, I picked a montage. No, I didn't.
I did. That was... whatever. It's funny, but I just don't think people are going to vote
for it. I really don't. But it gets a 7, because it is a pretty funny parody. But I think the
funnier song in Team America World Police was the Everyone Has AIDS song. I almost picked,
actually it was a tossup between the montage, Everyone Has AIDS, and Pearl Harbor Sucks
and I Miss You. Even... There's a song called Everyone Has AIDS? Yeah, they're parodying
rent in it. It's really politically incorrect and that's something that probably shouldn't
be joked about. In the context of the movie it's really funny.
Falls. Anyway, let's get into my pick. Song number
three tonight is from a band that I consider a guilty pleasure band. And you know what
that means. ABBA! No, it's not ABBA. This is definitely one of those guilty pleasure
things and there really is no excuse for me liking this song at all and I
apologize in advance but I'll be damned if this isn't just a damn fun song so my
pick for tonight's cage mask is a brand new song by everyone's favorite lesbians
on the Planet Tattoo. This is their new single, All About Us.
If they hurt you, they hurt me too So we'll rise up, won't stop
It's all about us It's all about, all about us
Um, actually I can't, I couldn't hear because I can hear myself too loudly.
Um, it was repetitive, and it sounded like everything else I've ever heard them do.
So it gets a five.
Extifer.
It's, um, not, it's a very good song.
It is very stupid. I don't like them. I don't like Tattoo.
I want to get a tattoo, but I don't like Tattoo.
And, uh, but the guy getting shot is pretty cool.
But he should have raped her, I'm sorry. He should have raped her because...
They all have one to ten before the angry emos come in.
Oh, okay. Well, um, two. Loki.
You know, it would have gotten a higher score with me, but I just didn't really know what the song was about.
So, um, it's getting...
It's all about them.
I thought it would... Oh, okay. Well, um...
It gets to seven.
Wow, Loki actually gave a higher score than everybody else. I'm kind of surprised.
Uh, I give that song a 10. Dude, Tattoo is awesome. It's awesome.
They're so awesome. And the guy gets shot in the video and blood goes everywhere. It's badass.
Alright.
She should have been raped.
Alright.
That's just what Russians do.
Alright, song number one. Let's recap the three songs you can vote for tonight.
Song number one,
Dorisia with V
song number two you can vote for tonight, Montage
Beginner to approach, you need a montage
And song number three you can vote for tonight is Tattoo with All About Us
If they hurt you, they hurt me too
Alright, I had to choose the best lyric from the song there
At least they weren't singing All About Us in it
yeah anyway so there it is place vote now kids send a private message to Sky
in the chat room with your vote for song number one song number two or if you so
choose song number three Loki this is the part of the show where we go over to
Loki and ask what's going on in the sim scene so Loki what's going on in the sim
scene nothing not a damn thing huh nothing important sorry oh actually I
I guess one small thing. Someone put up screenshots, or not screenshots, but conceptual artwork for what will be StepMania 4.
Oh, it'll be StepMania 4?
Yeah, someday. And it looks cool. It's, yeah, it looks cool. I don't really know how to describe it, it's just gonna be the same damn thing with another skin on it, but it'll be cool.
So much for what's going on in The Simpsons.
I did see that there was a new music game coming out on the PSP.
As much of a music game as Rez was.
Didn't we talk about that on a podcast like four weeks ago or something?
I heard about it. I haven't seen much more about it.
E3?
No, not E3, but a Tokyo game show.
No.
The game's called E3.
Oh, that's right. That's right. The game's called E3. I remember now.
Have screenshots come out of this yet or something?
No, I watched the Tokyo Game Special on G4, and that was one of their focuses, they were showing that game.
Looks interesting, it's like a shooter game, but you can combo stuff to make music and stuff.
It looks very similar to Rez.
I thought G4 was Spike TV for kids now.
They have their moments, but this, they actually had the two people from X-Play, Adam and Morgan, and then they had that Kevin guy from Attack on the Show.
The smartest people on the network to cover Tokugame's show. Thank God they said whoever else that they have there that's really retarded.
But they got the smart people and they covered it pretty well and they kind of went more in depth with like, you know, the Nintendo Revolution stuff and just everything. But it looked cool.
Sounds cool. Alright, if I could just show Jamie something real quick. I wanted to make sure Jamie got a chance to see this.
Is this a gun?
Yes, this is something we were talking about just a second ago. If you don't mind, listeners.
I need a gun to keep myself from harm.
this as a radio show, but those of you that have seen this music video will know exactly
what I'm talking about right here. And here we go, and bam! Cool! Blood! It looks kind
of like jelly. It's making me hungry, I need to get something to eat. Does that change
your score any? I'm just curious if that would alter your score.
Four. Alright. Wait a minute, didn't you give it a higher
score before that? Yeah, but now that I've had time to think
about the song, it needs a montage. Bitch. Alright.
So. Loki?
I'll take this. Alright.
But we have to save it, don't we? We have to save that.
That's a... that's a... fine.
Give him a hint. Give him a little hint. You can drop a little hint.
We made a new web page.
Okay. Okay. That's good. That's a good hint.
It's new!
It's new. Exactly.
And it's a web page.
Do kids know that Konami Style had their website launched this week for Guitar Freaks V?
It also features the arcade controller.
No, we didn't hit this last week's show, did we?
Oh, we did.
Son of a bitch.
Never mind.
I just realized we hit that on last week's show.
Hit.
Oh.
How about...
You know what I haven't done yet?
What?
What I need to do?
I didn't have time during the week, but I need to pop in the DDR Extreme 2 DVD to find
the track list.
I think some folks already did that over in New York, right?
I think they found it already.
There's nothing really in there, from what I remember.
What was the other thing I did want to point out? Did we talk about downgrader PSP
firmware at all? No, not yet. I seemed like we talked about
that on the podcast, didn't we? No, it didn't happen until... Oh, the actual
downgrade. We talked about on the podcast the fact
that 2.0 had been exploited, but we hadn't talked about the downgrader yet. So what does
this mean for hackers on the PSP? It means if you bought one that happened to be firmware
1.51 or 1.52 or 2.0, you can actually downgrade it back to 1.5. And the way you do that is
you run this bit of homebrew code using an exploit in their image, their photo gallery
everything. It basically is a buffer overflow which allows you to run your own code. And
what that does is the program makes your PSP think it's a version 1.0. So then what you
do is then you throw in the version 1.5 update that came out a while ago for the Japanese
and you run the update. And what will happen is it will crash out at the very end because
it realizes, hey, wait a second, this isn't, you know, version 1 PSP but then you just
kind of reset it a few times and you're back at version 1.5. Problem is, is because it's
only a 99% install, we don't know what kind of repercussions that will have later on.
I've heard things from like people couldn't get their web browser working again to other
stuff. But then again, I don't know if that's just, you know, people spreading rumors or
what. But you can actually, people have downgraded, upgraded, downgraded, upgraded, so you can
can do it, so you have the best of both worlds. I, on the other hand, I thought about selling
my other PSP to downgrade it, or downgrade one and sell it, just to get some more money.
I'm actually going to keep both because I don't know how, you know, obviously they're
working on version 2.5, which is going to come out soon, so got to keep one for that
stuff, and then one for the homebrew stuff. Keeping one at 1.5, so.
Okay, we're going to go to a break now, and in this break we're going to do something
different we've been playing DDR extreme 2 music all night however we
haven't played any music from this game and a friend of mine was so kind to
send me some rips from the game here we're gonna play some songs from DDR
with Mario because I think a lot of you guys haven't heard what some of these
songs sound like so we're gonna play some of the songs here we're gonna play
here we go and I apologize I'm gonna horribly mispronounce this one it's a
Mozart remix it's um Dokkan no Naka no Mozart and Hoppin Choppin we're gonna
to play, and Mario no Carnival. They really need to put, like, the Para Para Dancers with
that commercial that they had for Mario in the, like, U.S. commercials. I think that'd
be great. We'll see. We'll see. All right, we're going to come back after this break
of music from DDR with Mario so you guys can check this out, and we'll be back with more
Orange Launch Radio.
Come on!
Come on!
Come on!
Come on!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Come on!
Go.
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Hi ho, Kermit the Frog here, informing you that today's broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio
is brought to you by the letter B, the letter A, and the number 59.
Can you tell me how to get, how to get to Sesame Street?
Sup, kids?
We're back here on Orange Lounge Radio.
That was some music from DDR with Mario.
Here we go.
The Mozart one, Hoppin' Choppin', Carnival, et cetera.
What did you think of DDR with Mario?
That's the first time some of you guys are hearing that music.
It's incredibly happy and makes me so happy I could puke.
Yeah, that made me so happy that I think I pooped my pants
because it lost control of my bowels.
I don't need medication anymore.
Thank you.
Use effectser? No!
Just listen to Mario DDR.
I heard ice clamor sound effects in there.
Yes you did.
The typical Nintendo traits.
And um...
Yeah, I know why we don't play that anymore.
No, it was cute. I thought some of it was cute.
Like, Hoppin' Choppin' was a cute song, I thought.
You know what that game needs?
What?
A lot of seizure inducing strobing.
It should have.
You know what's funny is that you'd think I would have heard that music at E3 when I actually had to play DDR with Mario, but I really didn't.
But the funny thing is, to put in perspective how difficult DDR with Mario is, I triple-A'd the song I played.
It's the first time I ever played it.
And I'm not this... I don't profess to be some type of DDR king, okay? Like, I'm not that great.
Yes, you do.
I do not.
My cousin, Dr. D, does, but I do not profess to be some type of DDR god.
Anyway, uh, do you kids want to hear who won tonight's cage match? I bet you do.
Why not?
Let's hear the results in a montage.
Actually, you could probably spell out the results in a V formation.
That song gives me such a headache.
That's tonight's winner.
The other two songs not performing quite as badly as I anticipated, actually, so it was actually kind of close.
So, I was kind of surprised.
Extover, you got a mic? What?
Oh, I was just thinking, um, is everybody in the chat room straight because V is like
for vagina? Like, does everybody just like this one that much?
You know, I think just like the real world, there's probably some straight people and
some gay people and some, I don't know what the hell they are, people in our chat room.
I don't really take the time to ask, you know, I don't go around to everybody.
Let's take a poll. I don't want to take a poll.
You don't want to take a poll, you're gay.
I don't care.
You like taking polls?
Yeah, I don't want this to turn into ASL chat, okay?
Or ASLS, you know, sexuality or whatever. I don't know.
I don't care. I'm here to talk about games. I don't care who's gay.
No, no, no. We will know how many of our listeners are gay next week when I put ABBA in.
Yeah, also, any of you that voted for Tattoo are obviously gay. No, I'm kidding. I'm kidding.
I'm so kidding.
That's not true.
It's not a true...
I know it's not true, because I know who voted for Tattoo.
I'm just teasing.
Just, you know, let me know if you're a pole-loving motherfucker, just tell me.
You made Roz cry.
She just wanted me to say that.
Why?
Because you made her cry.
Why did she cry?
The chatroom made her cry.
Who's Roz, and why did she cry?
She's one of my friends from the Gorillaz board.
Hello, friends.
And the chatroom just made her cry.
Why?
For voting for that one?
Yeah.
Sorry.
It happens.
tell you. You know. The tribe has spoken. I think she should come in the chat room and
bitch everybody out for me. Go for it. You, well, this is completely on a tangent but
since, you know, we're not going anywhere right now. You said friends and that made
me think of the friends game. I got to watch a video of the friends game and let me just
say I wouldn't wish the friends game on my worst enemies. I watched a good eight minute
video just saying that I wanted to fall asleep. I didn't even want to play the game after
watching the game. It's just that awful. Is this another game that we need to get a copy
of and autograph? It is bad. It is really bad. It's Friends, the one with all the trivia.
It is narrated by the woman that does Janice on the show, the Fran Drescher wannabe. Hi!
And it's completely bland and it just shows a bunch of clips from the show and the trivia
is just lame and I just want the false statement I just like I'm like I can't
watch this anymore yeah there's a there's a friends game I don't know if
you got the memo does it have it wait this is the TV show friends right yes
like a show oh well I think that that is stupid yeah okay we'll get to that all
right let's do one we're gonna get into a segment that we're trying to make a
regular segment on this show and we're gonna get regular depending on what you
had for dinner and I'm trying to find the background music here oh there we go
here we go we're gonna shit no that's the wrong track extra for what were you
doing on my computer last night suddenly I have all these folders on my desktop I
actually went through and cleaned my desktop a couple weeks ago you remember
how messy my desktop used to be like it was just icons everywhere right and you
couldn't even see my background I know you have balls on me I cleaned the shit
out of the desktop right okay now extra for went in and last night while he was
drunk or something he made all these new folders on my desktop and now I have
folders that say big boobies number one big boobies number two big boobies with
cocks in them blood-spattered boobies boobies and sunflowers boobies for milking
boobies in pee, um, mastectomy leftover boobies, um, hot hairy saggy man boobies, and then
my last, uh, my favorite here, women in roller skates peeing in glass bowls.
What the hell? Why did you do that? Um, I'm not gonna, I, you know, if you're gonna download
that shit, I mean, don't blame it on me. Okay, this is from the person that left us with
the bleached asshole joke
by the way um...
did they use something other than bleach? did I talk about the asshole strips yet?
no
oh well you know how you have like
yes it's like crest white strips only put on your asshole you leave it for
you leave them for like a few minutes and then you just strip them off and hey
what about the kind that are supposed to dissolve
when you go
i'm disgusted
I am so disgusted.
Remember, mint scattles.
Okay, we're gonna just get into this here.
We're gonna get into a new segment here on the show. Well, it's a returning
segment, really.
We're trying to make this a regular segment. It's Extraverse Movie Review,
boys and girls.
Oh my god, that's gay.
Exactly, just like you.
So, Extraverb,
what movie are you going to review today?
The Long Kiss Goodnight. The Long Kiss Goodnight. Now, this is an old ass movie.
Serenity.
And Serenity, because, well, I've already talked about Serenity, but
of course everybody probably knows that I'm a Serenity fan.
I'm a Firefly fan. What did you think of Serenity on the
second viewing this week? The second viewing was great. I got to see
it with a lot of people and they all liked it. I was sitting in
the straight guy row so I was an honorary straight guy. I counted all the girls' boobies
and it seems like they all have two. I also... Wait, wait, wait. Does that mean that I was
an honorary gay man that night? Yes. Um, Jamie was sitting in the gay man row, which you
were sitting in. Yeah, thank you for reminding our listeners. No problem. And, um, I also,
Um, oh that's so much fun.
Um, anyways, I just, uh, I wanted to, uh, talk about Serenity more.
Anyways, so Serenity is great, and then the third time I watched it, which was yesterday,
I was enjoying it a lot too.
And my sister, like, hit me in my arm when something really, uh, shocking happened in the movie,
because she really likes Firefly as well.
Right.
So, but it hurt.
So, Serenity on the third viewing. Thumbs up, thumbs down.
Thumbs fucking up.
Alright, thumbs fucking up.
Alright, how about Long Kiss Goodnight?
Now this movie's like 20 years old, how old is this?
I loved that movie when I saw it the first time because Gina Davis kicks ass, and it's just a cheesy, like, action movie.
But, I mean, I saw it for the first time in years with Garrett, who was on the show last week.
Alright, the Poppin' Music Whore is what we call him on the ground.
Oh, Poppin' Music Whore.
Poppin Music Whore and I made fun of it quite a bit.
I mean there are so many cheesy lines.
There's like this line where this guy goes, where Gina Davis says something like,
I'm saving myself to get raped.
Like it's just so random. I'm like, okay.
You know, that was, it was fun.
It was, you know, it's a fun movie or whatever.
It's a little long, but anyway.
I give it.
Thumbs up or thumbs down?
Thumbs sideways.
Alright.
Now, lastly, you told me that you were going to be reviewing a TV show tonight because
you didn't get to really see a new movie in the theater.
You were going to review a TV show tonight.
I did?
Yeah.
Which TV show?
Oh, The Will and Grace.
I'm glad you prepped for tonight's movie review segment.
Will and Grace.
I'd never gotten to Will and Grace until this year when I moved to Sacramento.
I think it's pretty damn hilarious, but they had their live show which I was hoping for
them to mess up more, but they didn't. But it was funny anyway. I had a good time with
it.
Alright, so thumbs up or thumbs down for Will & Grace?
Thumbs up.
Thumbs up.
Up.
Up.
Up.
Up.
This is so boring.
Alright. Thank you, Xtifer, for that movie review. Now get off our show.
Thank you.
Get off our show. Alright.
We're going to get into another segment we love to do here on Orange Lawns Radio every
single damn week because you know what, you know what, we are full of angst. I am full
of tirade. That's right, so that's why we have to do the FUs of the week every single
week. And DarkSakura, what's your excuse? Why do we have to do the FUs of the week every
every single week.
Balls.
A big F.U. goes toward my sinus infection that I'm finally over.
And the fact that I haven't worked out.
An F.U. goes toward the Adobe company for making Illustrator?
I hate vectors.
You know you've been doing Illustrator homework for too long?
When you start seeing real life in terms of vectors, I hate vectors. I hate them, hate them, hate them.
And I am posting my homework in my chatroom. I did that one best, which is in a red monotone. It really is looking like shit.
I also am mad at people in SUVs. What's that kind of like on the Escalade? It looks like it's a fake SUV with a truck ass?
I don't like the SUVs that look like a box.
Someone at Sam's Club last night was double parked in one of them.
And I totally made fun of them loudly in the parking lot and they hurt me.
Was it a lesbian?
No, it was some stupid, yuppie-looking man.
Oh. So it was a lesbian.
I was screaming,
Hi! I have money! And I have shit for brains that can't park!
And he heard me and then I drove off.
That's awesome.
You know, I called a lady a cunt one time because Rob told me to.
Really?
He told me to roll down the window and cuz he was some lady cut him off in the parking lot
And he goes that lady's a cunt Christopher roll down that window a car cunt
It's just jokingly you know and I'm like I looked at him, and I looked at everybody else in the car
I said well, okay, nine round. I rolled down the window, and I said you're a cunt
And and Rob can back me up. That's he's not making this shit up. He really isn't um and
And, uh, Legend of Zaku, you get an F.U. because I've had my work on for a very long fucking time.
And I still hate the stupid goddamn program because he made us fucking use the pen tool.
I could have done the whole thing with the drawing tool, but no, we had to do it with the pen tool.
So, don't fucking ever correct me again. You don't have the right.
Um, a second Fe goes toward Loki's song because it gives me a headache every time I hear it.
Um, and an Fe did gold detailing on cars that really don't need gold detailing.
Um, and, um, also another Fe legend is Aku because I was not a math major because it was a waste of my time.
Um, and, uh, really, um, okay, if he says anything more about what I need, I'm fucking
kicking you, okay?
In fact, I'm gonna do it anyway just because I fucking feel like it.
You piss me off every time I come here.
Stop pissing me off!
Um, and, uh, F.U. goes toward, uh, everything else.
That was fantastic. That was. Is that it? Yeah. Alright, here we go. Next up, Loki. Okay,
I've really got like one major one that I need to get off my chest and that is, fuck
you to the fact that I'm potentially have to go to jury duty on Tuesday. Tell them you're
Go to school. You'll get out of it until December.
so, whatever. And, um, yeah, pretty much that, and for some reason, um, I'm having problems
with certain things, uh, web page related, that piss me off. But, um, yeah, I'm done.
That's all I really have.
Okay, my turn then.
I want to give an F.U. to me for not getting enough sleep at night throughout the weekend, on the weekend.
I want to give an F.U. to the fact... Shut the fuck up Christopher.
I want to give an F.U. to the fact that I haven't been eating very well all week, but
at least I've kind of, despite my irregular eating patterns, I've actually managed to
lose some weight, so I guess I can't complain too much except, you know, I don't want to
like kill my liver or anything.
And so an F.U. to lack of motivation for that, an F.U. to other drama that I'm going through
professionally right now, but I'll be okay, and just an F.U. to the fact that I still
I still have work left to do and it's Sunday night and I've got to have it done by tomorrow morning.
Sucks.
And then, um, I guess that's it.
F you to Fandango because it costs like $1.25 to use Fandango.
Did you do the Fandango with your credit card?
I did.
Fandango.
Fandango.
HoboCam.
HoboCam.
Um, and come to find out that Serenity wasn't even that crowded.
Like, I could have just walked right in and got tickets.
I thought, just because of all the hype on LJ, I thought that theater was going to be packed.
Actually, I'm sure that the earlier ones were, but I still think it's funny that I, uh, woke up late and then made it down the freeway in 15 minutes.
Alright, that was crazy. Alright.
Things I do for fandom.
Alright, let's get to extrovertz FUs.
Um, FU to people with unnecessary drama.
You know, um, I'm so indifferent to you, I don't care.
Don't bring it in, put it in my face.
You know, um, but otherwise, a big old fuck you in a good way to everybody I like.
dark knight says f you to gas prices work and studying for tests
Ddarchaholic says, information for me that wasn't a nephew.
Tomokun says, fuck not getting my Para Para Para machine.
Fuck my cold and fuck my bad RAM.
That sounded dirty.
Sakurina says, fuck Life 365 for making me miss the first quarter of the show.
Fuck that guy who's been stealing that 12 year old I find cute.
Fuck Illustrator because it makes Dark Sakura angry.
And fuck Tomo-kun in a friendly way for interrupting my bisexual erotica reading session.
And F you to all USDR mixes for not having little bitch.
Now I need to get Pump It Up and put it in there.
MPQ says F you to guys that pretend to be girls on the internet.
I feel like a fucking internet cliche.
F you to my router for being a piece of shit and randomly deciding to not let people connect.
F you to injection of Love Hina mix for reminding me of Love Hina, which I hate.
Goggle says, F you to Garden Burger for tasting like meatloaf instead of a burger.
I agree.
F you to the awful lag I'm getting.
It is all about the Boca Burger, honey.
Snare, F you to V for still being there.
F you to Bevmo, or Beverages and More, but as I call it, the Bevmo, for having such great
drinks that suck my wallet dry.
Another F you to Bevmo for having paper bags that have no handles.
So you could go around looking like a wino.
jazz says f you my computer's hard drive completely dying
however yay for backup drives also f you to me getting seasonal winter long cold
I hate
my immune system illusion says f you to family guy for sucking so much recently
all it has become is a bunch of lame illusions oh ho ho
so I would agree to older episodes that string along the already thin plot lame
I agree
five hundred percent family guy sucks this year
Rene says, my utmost ultimate fuck you goes to Dance Master Mode's mission with Boom Boom
Dollar KOG G3 on Break.
Fuck Break like I'll get out because it's the worst modifier ever.
This fuck ass mission has literally made Dance Master impossible to complete for me.
And everybody, I want you to use fuck ass in a sentence later today.
That's the word of the day.
And fuck anybody who said the dynamite rave heavy on reverse on hard because it wasn't
and it still wasn't
when you had to not do well on it
and of course one for Sky because of his hidden bad omen from last week
uh... you guys may or may not remember I put a hex on Rini last week because um...
I was mad at him about something I don't remember what now
Brightsta says F you to gas prices F you to people who smoke I'd like to sue you for
second hand smoking
F you to this asshole who's in our dorm and keeps playing his music really loud
F you to the campus store for having such high prices for food, F you to my router which
XP keeps showing as disconnecting my ethernet cable physically.
And just an FYI, as someone who used to smoke, your anger is not going to make them stop
any faster.
By the way, as far as the people in dorm rooms that play their music really loudly, what
I used to do is I used to, when the people across the hall would play their rap really
loudly, because I hate, you know, that type of rap, I would turn on my stereo really loud,
was on top of my chest of drawers, and we had cinder block walls, and would crank Vanessa
May to the ultimate loudness on Takata and Fugin D minor, but you should do that with
the organ version, because I guarantee you, it will chase people off, and you'll have
the entire building to yourself. It works!
To the person quitting smoking, maybe you should think about having to fuck ass every
time you want to smoke a sir 800 says a big f you to my trick teacher who is a
lazy master student who teaches shit during class and f you to the lady who
is behind me while I was driving and freaking honked at me when there was a
cop in front of me and I didn't want to be arrested
legend of Zaku says f you to not having a modded slim ps2 and some bimani games
and I should have had them by now if you to my ever so weak and shitty DDR stop
F you to me being a bitch about whether or not to compete in freestyle in a major tourney
that you probably already know about next Saturday.
Dark Tetsuya says F you to mission C30 and the mission with Dynamite Ray of Oni.
God you have a lot of angst tonight chat room.
F you to the fanboy says Ron Chan at the Yoko Ishida concert.
No one cares you came from Boston you were loud and rude.
Go jump in traffic.
I'm going to use that at some point this week during a call.
Yeah, tell one of your callers to go jump in traffic.
Enjoy your life.
We're not going to pay your claim.
Go jump in traffic.
ColorOfSakura says, F you to all the stuff I've bought on eBay in the last month and
it's still not being here.
F you to the break modifier in DDR.
And lastly, GS191 says, F you to my college for putting all my core classes, especially
math online. F you to websites that are taken down without warning and call it redesigning.
Yes, I'm looking at you, DDRMania X and Bamani Style. F you to myself for not having any
better F yous. Fuck. The end. God, you guys had a lot of angst. You guys are just mean
people. Mean people. All right. Oh, is this one late entry? Snare has one late F you to
the sakura tattoo thank you very much all right no more that was last one the
end oh sorry that's too much angst for one show
not enough emote emote
i need to slip my wrist all of a sudden emo
well we listened to that mario ddr
i'm surprised i didn't slip my wrist then
remember kids down the road not across the street
all right um we're gonna get to the rest
We're going to get to the rest of the Xtreme 2 music I wanted to play tonight.
We're going to play Spin Spin Sugar, Tomorrow, which is a great Konami original.
I really like this song, Tomorrow.
Not like Annie.
Tomorrow, tomorrow.
That's exactly what I thought of.
I know, because you're a big Nelly Queen.
And then the last song we're going to play is Fat Boy Slim with Wonderful Night.
So we're going to play those songs brand new from DDREX2.
That's a wonderful name.
Thank you.
Is that the one?
That is the one.
Good job.
All right.
Ask Orange Lounge when we come back.
And you guys had a lot of questions last week.
We didn't even get to all of them.
So we missed your question last week.
Here's your chance to get it answered after we come back.
So send a private message to Skye with your question for
Ask Orange Lounge.
We'll be back after this.
Crawl on me Spin, spin, sugar
Spill it for me Spin, spin, sugar
With all me, it's been sugar
Oh, come on me, thin, thin sugar, drive on me, thin, thin sugar, stayin' strong.
I like to think we've got to take it easy, captured in frame,
Captured in frame
I've got so much to lose
Drop it, anymore
7 6
5 6
7 4
3 2
1
2
3 2
1
2
1
2
1
2
1
2
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
Music search, and you need a tune-up Soon as they out the gate, they all wanna
hit a corner, uh-huh Well, that was cool, but now, but then I heard
a rumor, uh-huh Your crew was riding for the White Cliffs of
Dover, uh-huh Well, let me tell you how we do it in California
We'll have you on the run just like a Puma If it don't move us, ain't paid your dues
and it ain't gon' get our groove us So we lose ya to the consumer solution,
come on It's a wonderful night, gotta take it from
me It's a wonderful night, break it on down
It's a wonderful night, you gotta shake it for me
It's a wonderful night, come on and break it on down
Girl I want it, you got it, your body's like an autotic
The thought is autoerotic, come on and break it on down
Can I get it on credit or get your brick house?
I bet it, take it as far as you let it, come on and break it on down
That the spot'll get hot, that it's ready to pop
Don't even look at the clock, all of your problems forgotten
It's time to rock till you drop
Will the force end just like with the epicenter of a party's base tremors? Come on!
It's a wonderful night, gotta take it from me
It's a wonderful night, come on and break it on down
It's a wonderful night, gotta take it from me
It's a wonderful night, come on and break it on down
After this song, we'll be having a Let Them Move marathon
Nooooooo
Just kidding, Orange Lounge Radio, crap-free Bhimani Radio.
Welcome back kids, we're about ready to get into Ask Orange Lounge.
However, first off I wanted to point out that we actually have somebody who,
there was an F.U. back there that was about Bhimani style and how they're down all the time.
Actually we have somebody who happens to be one of their moderators over at Bhimani style
that would like us to clarify, they aren't down for redesigning.
motherboard on their server went kaboom!
There's been word, however, that MontyStyle 7.0 is progressing nicely, however.
Just a friendly clarification.
I need to also make the announcement, the one that I mentioned to you during the break.
Sure.
There will not be a pump up in volume this week because of other reasons, but I will
be returning the week after with the much promised, because actually people did ask
for it, Blur Marathon.
Awesome.
All right, sounds good.
And I'm bringing back my weeknight show
sometime this month.
Absolutely, positively.
No more delaying for me.
So I'll be back sometime this month with something special
for you kids.
So we'll see.
All right, anyway, moving on.
Let's go to Ask Orange Lounge.
Let's ask Orange Lounge some stupid question, what will we find out this week on Orange
Lounge Radio?
My question is this, who will be the first person to use the word fuckass in their question?
What would your ultimate video game be?
Golf Land Birthday Party Sniper
would be my ultimate video game.
Dark Sakura, do you have an ultimate video game?
The Guardian Legend
Okay, I'm not sure if the part would be...
Completely redone for one of the new systems.
That would be very sexy.
What would your ultimate video game be?
In the ass.
Loki, what would your ultimate video game be?
I think they should have a fighting game with every character from all the systems.
Just one giant brawl. Call it Console Wars or something like that.
Alusion says, What's it all about, Alfie?
Well, I don't watch crappy Jude Law movies, so I don't know.
And I didn't watch the crappy original either, I'm sorry to say, so I don't really know what it's all about.
Apparently they weren't crappy. I mean, they got some critical mass, didn't they?
Well, the first one I'm sure was critically loved.
You say Alfie, I start thinking of like in Barbarella, her shit. Alfie?
Well I think of the little creature from Melmac that liked to eat cats.
That's Alf!
Well you could call him Alfie as a nickname.
No.
Ha!
I kill me!
Damn you people.
Ha ha ha ha.
Brightsta says, can you pass me the first of the Mario Mix songs we heard?
I'd like to add Captain Lou Albano to it.
Now kids, piracy is wrong.
Email me off air.
However, it did sound an awful lot like, you know, the, or actually, let me get into this.
Do the Mario, swing your arms from side to side, come on, the time to go, do the Mario!
Total silence.
Sockarina says, um, will my request for that diverse system remix of Quasar be played before
the end of the show. Not likely tonight, my friend, but probably next week when we don't
have so much Xtreme 2 music to worry about.
Sakarina says, what does each member of the Orange Launch Radio crew prefer? Hairy or
hairless balls?
It's a toss-up. Because, you know, there's some days where I'm like, you know, wake up
in the morning you know and you know want to get my daily you know porn for
breakfast and it's like maybe I want to see hairy balls sometimes you know wake
up in the morning and I want to see hairless balls sometimes I have that you
know a can desire to shave my own balls Loki okay here you go how about balls
that aren't as hot as the surface of the Sun and fucking sweaty all the time
time. Those are the balls that we prefer. How about bowling balls? I like cheese balls.
Cheese balls are good. Jazz says, the answer to your question is I can't say that on air.
That's what it is. I like meatballs. Yeah, meatballs. For my Q and A. And Jazz, don't
Zaku says, what will I win if I guess the DDR song used in last Friday's episode of MTV2's Video Mods featuring DDR Extreme 2?
I don't know.
Does anybody in this room watch MTV?
I know, I don't watch it. Are they giving it away?
Reject false icons!
Are they giving it away? Because we're not.
After they did that next marathon for like five days straight, I was like, I can't watch this channel anymore.
Jaded wants to know, where did you get the Ask Orange Lounge intro music?
The Ask Orange Lounge intro music is actually Journey to the Wonderland from Keyboard Mania
2.
It's Keyboard Mania 2, it's Journey to the Wonderland by NPB.
And then the lyrics, of course, are sung by yours truly, the one and only Sky.
says hey Sky you should play get busy just to throw the chatroom off you know
there's a reason I didn't play get busy tonight and that's because I had to play
it 20 times this week in mission mode Renee wants to know could you help a
poor soul with my break problem pretty please I already used step mania and I
can't do that fuck-ass thinking hehe um you know break I remember was in one of
The best way to do it was to play that song over and over in regular mode and so you kind
of like, you start to hear your feet as a separate rhythm in your head.
It's very similar to the way you get really good at 2DX, you start to hear what the key
patterns sound like in your head, that's what you're going to have to do with this DDR thing
is play the song over and over in regular mode and hear the pattern of the steps in
your head and then of course then again if it's a song he hasn't unlocked yet, I guess
you're just fucked.
Sorry, I don't know what to tell you.
Break, by the way, is when the arrows slow down as they reach the top.
It's the reverse of Boost.
Bugged wants to know, what fuck-ass games have you had the joy of playing as of late?
None.
I played Pack and Roll earlier today. It was kind of cool.
I'll talk about that more on the podcast.
I kind of remember the last video game I played.
Didn't I make you play something?
Sweaty Balls of the Game.
as in the white mage is the bitch, the game
The other day I was telling Helen Keller jokes to Loki and his fiance and they just loved it.
It wasn't even funnier because I was partially drunk.
It's the funniest I've seen you in a while.
Dark Sakura, I know, because I can't be funny unless I'm ripping off other people's jokes.
That's true.
Dark Sakura, we need a Your Mama joke of the week.
Give me a second.
Okay, you need to work on that.
Dark Tetsuya wants to know, will Sky's voice, the video game, ever return or is it doomed
to obscurity?
My friend, it is doomed to obscurity.
What?
It's an inside joke from like two and a half years ago on this.
I used to get on the, we used to do, before we were a real structured station, not that
we ever have been a structured station, but Dark Soccer and I used to do what was called
fuck off shows where we would just randomly get on the stream.
We didn't have scheduled programs.
We would just randomly, like it could be midnight on a Tuesday night, we would just randomly
get on the stream and kick everyone off and go live and do our own show, just play music
we wanted to play and do whatever the fuck we wanted.
So we called it the Fuck Off Show, because if you didn't like what we were doing, you
could fuck off.
And I used to get on there and I would sing my own versions of Bobani songs, like I had
my own version of Cowgirl and other things.
So I think they're wondering if I'm going to do that again, and the answer is no.
Okay, I have one.
What?
Um, your momma says stupid, that's what-
Wait, wait, wait, I need the music. I need the music.
Oh, fine.
I need to hype this up.
Oh, we have a- oh, I have never heard that Helen Keller joke before in the chatroom there.
Uh, what did Helen Keller do when she fell off a cliff?
She screamed her hands off.
Uh...
Hahahaha.
Oh, yeah.
Hahahaha.
We're gonna get some angry emails.
That's alright.
That's what we do here on the, uh, show.
Alright, uh, wait, hold on. I wasn't ready to do a Yo Mama Joke of the Week.
Let's go to your Big Boobs 1 icon.
Yeah, you probably hit all my music in the Big Boobs folder.
Peeing in glass bowls or whatever the shit you...
It's women on stage.
I'm gonna make out for it by saying a couple of them.
Alright, kids.
It's Dark Sakura's Yo Mama Joke of the Week.
Dark Sakura.
I have a couple.
Yo mama so stupid, I told her drinks were on the house so she went and got a ladder.
And my other one?
Yo mama so stupid, she took the Pepsi challenge and chose Coke.
I saw that joke growing because I meant to be Mountain Dew.
hahahahahahaha
uh... yo mama so stupid she reckoned a quarterback was a refund
hahahahahahahahaha
you're laughing at yourself
uh... yo mama so stupid she sold her car for gas money
alright that was like seven yo mama jokes you do one a week here
I got more
hell I'm gonna sell my mama for gas money
alright this one's the best but it's really disgusting
save it for next week
I'm gonna tell it right now!
Nevermind.
No, tell it right now.
I promise I won't laugh.
Yamalasistupu, when you were born, she looked at your umbilical cord and said,
Well, come to the cable.
ColorOfSakura wants to know,
If you could remake any video game from the 16-bit era or earlier, what would it be?
Guardian Legend!
Street Fighter 2!
Repeat the question.
If you could remake any video game from the 16-bit era or earlier, what would it be?
or what would it be?
Kid Icarus.
I'll say something different then.
Custer's Revenge.
You said Street Fighter II, man.
X-Man.
I think that they've already remade all the games that I like.
Oregon Trail.
You know, like Metroid.
And the last question we have tonight, Nince wants to know, will Loki singing ever come
back to the show?
We actually have to wait for Karaoke Revolution Party to come out, so...
I hope not, and we don't really have the setup for that, luckily, so, hahaha.
Well, we can always make it happen.
No, you can't.
I think that you should play I'm Stayin' In.
I don't know if I have it anymore, I gotta dig for it.
I used to have it somewhere.
We gotta do a retrospective episode at the end of the year or something, and we'll do it on that.
What, Logie? What?
I know where I should put that song, even though I don't want to put that song there.
Hmm.
on the thing. Oh, the thing, yeah. Yeah.
Um, actually it's being suggested by our chat room that we could just use the demo
in DDR to make, um, Loki sing some crazy in love.
There's also, um, SingStar, which I have on my hard drive. There you go!
See, we could do this. We need to get you to sing again.
We could always pre-record it, you know. You know what we should do is get Loki to go to one of
those recording studios that they have at the theme park
and cut his own CD because I did that once and the old radio program I was on
years ago before the show
I remember that, I was there. Yeah, I went to Great America,
Six Flags, oh no it's not Six Flags, it's Paramount's Great America.
We went to see Margaret Cho. Yeah, it was Paramount's Great America, it was years ago,
it was Gay Day at Great America. I got hit on by girls in the bathroom.
Because it was Gay Day and so you know Dark Soccer being one of my fag hags, she had to go
and we went and there was one of those rooms where you could record your own
CD. I've been in those things before. I sang Like a Prayer by Madonna. I sang Save the
Best for Last by what's-her-name. Penthouse model, American beauty queen. Vanessa Williams.
So, I recorded this song and then somehow the CD fell into the hands of Travis, who
was the host over on Understation Live, and every week he would play that song to make
fun of it so I don't know alright I think it's about time to wrap up the
show boys and girls we're done shows over I know sadness huh first off all
right now yeah if you want you can go cry I've never stayed through a whole
show before I know you are a special guest tonight extra special guest extra
special our chat room seems to like you some of them they do some of them think
we should add you on permanently, and to that I say...
You gave us the bleached asshole joke. What was that?
You gave us the bleached asshole joke. I did give you that bleached asshole joke.
And taking immense pride over that. That is really funny. Keep doing that.
Alright, let's go around. I am going to choke that ferret.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thought.
We sent Zero on fire and sent him back to his flea infested- I'm sorry, did I say that
on the air?
We sent him back to live in a hole.
Xtavor, your final thought.
Akira Yamamoka should be a drink called Akira Yamamoka.
Wait, did I pronounce his name right?
I hate you.
uh... loki your final thought
except for a hand on the god damn microphone
loki turn on the god damn microphone
it's all his fault
this is why you're never going to be on the show, never
ever ever
no one can hear you because you don't have the microphone
my final thought is uh...
to finish the thing but it's done pretty much
okay, super
and my final thought just for you chat room you bitches
and my final thought is polovestian
polovestian? polovestian
i hate you guys
dark sakura your final thought
uh...
reject false icons
and uh...
sweaty balls
One word to sum it all up, the final...
Shut the show up.
www.orangeloungeradio.com, don't forget to check out our podcast.
Rate us a five in your player window so that we have a really high rating on Live 365.
Don't forget that we do broadcast 24 hours a day, seven days a week with lovely music
always going and playlists that's getting updated recently actually, surprise surprise.
And check it out, check out our MySpace community, check out our Live General community and tell
a friend about Orange Lounge Radio.
Tell an enemy about Orange Lounge Radio.
Either way, that's more attention for us because we crave
attention.
We're just big old attention whores.
Final word of the show, one word to sum it all up,
everything in a nutshell.
Loki, what is tonight's final word?
I'm going to do olrpsp.com.
That does it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio
Live.
Orange Lounge Radio Live is an Orange Lounge Radio production.
For more information about our station, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here is your fortune cookie message of the day.
So you can short your sword with power
And when you're feeling all down
The body will come around
So you'll be brave and your disease is covered
Now a leak has saved the day
But got it in your brain
So now I've had a x-ray, and now a hill shall be
The name I take your name shall go down into history
Thank you very much for listening and we'll see you next week.
You
